author	Aspects of Scientific Explanation and other Essays in the Philosophy of Science is a 1965 book by Carl Gustav Hempel, regarded as one of the most important works in philosophy of science written after the Second World War.	Aspects of Scientific Explanation and other Essays in the Philosophy of Science	Carl Gustav Hempel
author	``New Rose Hotel'' is a short story by William Gibson, first published in 1984 in Omni and later included in his 1986 collection Burning Chrome.	New Rose Hotel	William Gibson
author	``The Hound of Heaven'' is a 182-line poem written by English poet Francis Thompson (1859--1907).	The Hound of Heaven	Francis Thompson
author	Searching for Dragons is a young adult fantasy novel by Patricia Wrede, second in the Enchanted Forest Chronicles, about a young princess who lives with dragons and leads an unusual life.	Searching for Dragons	Patricia Wrede
author	A Fish in the Water (originally published as El pez en el agua in 1993), is the memoir of Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa, who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2010.	A Fish in the Water	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Gandhi Under Cross Examination is a 2009 book written by G. B. Singh and Dr. Tim Watson evaluating the iconization of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi as a civil rights protagonist In 1893 Gandhi went to South Africa where, according to his own account, he was thrown off of a train on racial grounds.	Gandhi Under Cross Examination	G. B. Singh
author	Sunwing is a children's book written in 1999 by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel.	Sunwing	Kenneth Oppel
author	The Mislaid Charm is a fantasy novel by author Alexander M. Phillips.	The Mislaid Charm	Alexander M. Phillips
author	In the Year of Jubilee is the thirteenth novel by English author George Gissing.	In the Year of Jubilee	George Gissing
author	Wonder under Water is the English-language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 1990 Wunder unter Wasser, an illustrations book of marine life.	Wonder under Water	Leni Riefenstahl
author	``The Monkey'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in Gallery magazine in 1980.	The Monkey	Stephen King
author	Storm of Steel (in German: In Stahlgewittern, ISBN 0-86527-310-3) is the memoir of German officer Ernst Jünger's experiences on the Western Front during the First World War.	Storm of Steel	Ernst Jünger
author	Gnorm Gnat was an American gag-a-day comic strip by Jim Davis based on fictional insects, especially a gnat named Gnorm.	Gnorm Gnat	Jim Davis
author	The Rhesus Chart (2014) is the fifth novel by Charles Stross in his ``Laundry'' series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers.	The Rhesus Chart	Charles Stross
author	The Luminaries is the second novel by Eleanor Catton, published by Victoria University Press in August 2013 and Granta on 5 September 2013.	The Luminaries	Eleanor Catton
author	Up Above the World is a novel by Paul Bowles first published in 1966 about an American couple--an aging physician and his young attractive wife--who go on a tour of Central America and are trapped by a mysterious young man whose motives remain unclear to them.	Up Above the World	Paul Bowles
author	Devil of a State is a 1961 novel by Anthony Burgess based on his experience living and working in Bandar Seri Begawan in the Southeast Asian sultanate of Brunei, on the island of Borneo, in 1958-59.	Devil of a State	Anthony Burgess
author	Hideous Kinky is an autobiographical novel by Esther Freud, daughter of British painter Lucian Freud and great-granddaughter of Sigmund Freud.	Hideous Kinky	Esther Freud
author	Our Sunshine is a 1991 novel about Ned Kelly by Australian writer Robert Drewe.	Our Sunshine	Robert Drewe
author	The Stone Key is a 2008 science fiction novel by Isobelle Carmody, set in a post apocalyptic world.	The Stone Key	Isobelle Carmody
author	``The Man Child'' is a 1965 short story by James Baldwin, taken from the short story collection, Going to Meet the Man.	The Man Child	James Baldwin
author	Poetic Meter and Poetic Form is a book by Paul Fussell, published by McGraw Hill in 1965, and later as a revised edition in 1979 (ISBN 0-07-553606-4).	Poetic Meter and Poetic Form	Paul Fussell
author	Be Like Water (2008) is a play written by Dan Kwong, originally produced at East West Players, in association with Cedar Grove OnStage.	Be Like Water	Dan Kwong
author	The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle is a historical fiction novel by the American author Avi published in 1990.	The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle	Avi
author	Ring of Fire II is a 2008 anthology created by editor-author-historian Eric Flint.	Ring of Fire II	Eric Flint
author	Daughter of the Empire is a political fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts.	Daughter of the Empire	Raymond E. Feist	Janny Wurts
author	Flowers for Hitler is Canadian poet and composer Leonard Cohen's third collection of poetry, first published in 1964 by McClelland and Stewart.	Flowers for Hitler	Leonard Cohen
author	Honor of the Clan is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane, and is part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series, specifically a spin-off that features Michael O'Neal's daughters Cally and Michelle.	Honor of the Clan	John Ringo
author	Plan for Chaos is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham first published in 2009.	Plan for Chaos	John Wyndham
author	The Brass Check is a muckraking exposé of American journalism by Upton Sinclair published in 1919.	The Brass Check	Upton Sinclair
author	The Song of Kahunsha (ISBN 0-385-66228-9) is a novel by the Indian-Canadian novelist and playwright Anosh Irani, published in 2006 by Doubleday Canada and in 2007 in the US by Milkweed Editions.	The Song of Kahunsha	Anosh Irani
author	Young Gabby Goose is a 1975 anthology of 14 animal-centered fairy tales from around the world, collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.	Young Gabby Goose	Ruth Manning-Sanders
author	Al-Bayan Fi Tafsir al-Quran (The Elucidation of the Exegesis of The Qur'an and sometimes entitled The Prolegomena to the Quran) is a tafsir by the Shiite scholar Abu al-Qasim al-Khoei.	Al-Bayan Fi Tafsir al-Quran	Abu al-Qasim al-Khoei
author	Jedi Twilight is the first book in Michael Reaves' series Coruscant Nights, set in the Dark Times.	Jedi Twilight	Michael Reaves
author	A Secular Agenda (ISBN 81-900199-3-7) is a 1997 book by Arun Shourie.	A Secular Agenda	Arun Shourie
author	Dragonhaven is a fantasy novel written by Robin McKinley, published by Putnam in 2007.	Dragonhaven	Robin McKinley
author	You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running is a collection of four unrelated one-act comedy plays by Robert Anderson.	You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running	Robert Anderson
author	The Imaginary Invalid (French: Le malade imaginaire (lə malad imaʒinɛːʁ)) is a three-act comédie-ballet by the French playwright Molière with dance sequences and musical interludes by Marc-Antoine Charpentier.	The Imaginary Invalid	Molière
author	The Border Trilogy consists of three novels by American author Cormac McCarthy:	Border Trilogy	Cormac McCarthy
author	Fourth Reich of the Rich is a book by self-styled Christian writer Des Griffin about the so-called New World Order.	Fourth Reich of the Rich	Des Griffin
author	The Invincible (Polish: Niezwyciężony) is a science fiction novel written by Stanisław Lem and published in 1964.	The Invincible	Stanisław Lem
author	Skin Folk is a story collection by writer Nalo Hopkinson.	Skin Folk	Nalo Hopkinson
author	Terminator Gene is the second book in Ian Irvine's Eco-thriller titles.	Terminator Gene	Ian Irvine
author	The Ninth Man is a novel set in World War II, written by John Lee, inspired by factual events, and set in the United States.	The Ninth Man	John Lee
author	Soft! is a novel by British writer Rupert Thomson, written in 1998 London.	Soft!	Rupert Thomson
author	Lincoln the Unknown is a biography on Abraham Lincoln, written in 1932 by Dale Carnegie.	Lincoln the Unknown	Dale Carnegie
author	Walk the Wild Road, earlier titled The Road from Home, is a novel by Nigel Hinton.	Walk the Wild Road	Nigel Hinton
author	The Man Who Loved Clowns is a 1992 novel by June Rae Wood about coping with mental disability in the family.	The Man Who Loved Clowns	June Rae Wood
author	Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights is the second novel in the Tommy Storm series, written by Irish author A.J. Healy.	Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights	A.J. Healy
author	Grimus is a 1975 fantasy and science fiction novel by Salman Rushdie.	Grimus	Salman Rushdie
author	Etiquette & Espionage is a young adult steampunk novel by Gail Carriger.	Etiquette & Espionage	Gail Carriger
author	Coffee, Tea or Me? is a book of alleged memoirs by the fictitious stewardesses Trudy Baker and Rachel Jones, written by the initially uncredited Donald Bain and first published in 1967.	Coffee, Tea or Me?	Donald Bain
author	A British Picture (ISBN 978-1-904915-32-4, 2008) is the autobiography of the English film director Ken Russell.	A British Picture	Ken Russell
author	A Beautiful Blue Death, by Charles Finch, is the first novel in a series of mysteries featuring Victorian gentleman and amateur detective Charles Lenox.	A Beautiful Blue Death	Charles Finch
author	Bersøglis- og andre Viser is a poetry collection published by Norwegian poet Per Sivle in 1895.	Bersøglis- og andre Viser	Per Sivle
author	The Red Gods (French: Les dieux rouges) is an adventure novel with elements of fantasy, written by French writer Jean d'Esme, published in 1924.	The Red Gods	Jean d'Esme
author	Ravensong is a novel written by the contemporary Canadian author, Lee Maracle.	Ravensong	Lee Maracle
author	A Deadly Secret, also translated as Requiem of Ling Sing and Secret of the Linked Cities, is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha).	A Deadly Secret	Jin Yong
author	Marx and Modern Economics is a 1968 book about Karl Marx edited by David Horowitz.	Marx and Modern Economics	David Horowitz
author	The Tiger Who Came to Tea is a short children's story, first published in 1968, written and illustrated by Judith Kerr.	The Tiger Who Came to Tea	Judith Kerr
author	Johnny Tremain is a 1943 children's fiction historical novel by Esther Forbes set in Boston prior to and during the outbreak of the American Revolution.	Johnny Tremain	Esther Forbes
author	The Light of Asia, subtitled The Great Renunciation, is a book by Sir Edwin Arnold.	The Light of Asia	Edwin Arnold
author	Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare, by Isaac Asimov, vols I and II (1970), ISBN 978-0-517-26825-4;	Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare	Isaac Asimov
author	The Fort at River's Bend is a 1997 historical novel by Canadian novelist Jack Whyte.	The Fort at River's Bend	Jack Whyte
author	Man's Hope (French: L'Espoir) is a 1937 novel by André Malraux based upon his experiences in the Spanish Civil War.	Man's Hope	André Malraux
author	Theory of Colours (original German title Zur Farbenlehre) is a book by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe about the poet's views on the nature of colours and how these are perceived by humans.	Theory of Colours	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	The Drowned and the Saved (1986) is a book of essays on life in the Nazi Vernichtungslager (extermination camps) by Italian-Jewish author and Holocaust survivor Primo Levi, drawing on his personal experience as an inmate of Auschwitz.	The Drowned and the Saved	Primo Levi
author	The London Eye Mystery is a children's mystery novel by English author Siobhan Dowd.	The London Eye Mystery	Siobhan Dowd
author	Social Outsiders in Nazi Germany is a book edited by Robert Gellately and Nathan Stoltzfus.	Social Outsiders in Nazi Germany	Robert Gellately	Nathan Stoltzfus
author	``What Men Live By'' is a short story written by Russian author Leo Tolstoy in 1885.	What Men Live By	Leo Tolstoy
author	Sharp Objects is a 2006 novel by American author Gillian Flynn and her debut novel.	Sharp Objects	Gillian Flynn
author	Dunc's Halloween is the fifth novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen.	Dunc's Halloween	Gary Paulsen
author	The Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms, or Haiguo Tuzhi, is a 19th-century Chinese gazetteer compiled by scholar-official Wei Yuan and others, based on initial research carried out by Special Imperial Commissioner Lin Zexu.	Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms	Wei Yuan
author	Burning Bright is a 1950 novella by John Steinbeck written as an experiment with producing a play in novel format.	Burning Bright	John Steinbeck
author	Halting State is a novel by Charles Stross, published in the United States on 2 October 2007 and in the United Kingdom in January 2008.	Halting State	Charles Stross
author	Goodnight Opus (ISBN 978-0-316-10853-9) is a 1993 children's book by Berkeley Breathed featuring Opus the Penguin.	Goodnight Opus	Berkeley Breathed
author	Slavery in Massachusetts is an 1854 essay by Henry David Thoreau based on a speech he gave at an anti-slavery rally at Framingham, Massachusetts, on July 4, 1854, after the re-enslavement in Boston, Massachusetts of fugitive slave Anthony Burns.	Slavery in Massachusetts	Henry David Thoreau
author	Photometria is a book on the measurement of light by Johann Heinrich Lambert published in 1760.	Photometria	Johann Heinrich Lambert
author	The Legend of Drizzt is a series of fantasy novels by R. A. Salvatore that are based in the Forgotten Realms planet Abeir-Toril on the continent Faerûn.	The Legend of Drizzt	R. A. Salvatore
author	On Heroes and Tombs (Spanish: Sobre héroes y tumbas) is a novel by Argentine writer Ernesto Sabato (1911--2011), first published in Buenos Aires in 1961 and translated by Helen R. Lane in 1981.	On Heroes and Tombs	Ernesto Sabato
author	Le Père de nos pères is a novel, by Bernard Werber, released in 1998.	Le Père de nos pères	Bernard Werber
author	The Star Trek Concordance is a reference book by Bjo Trimble about the television series Star Trek.	Star Trek Concordance	Bjo Trimble
author	A Mercy is Toni Morrison's 9th novel.	A Mercy	Toni Morrison
author	Bless Me, Ultima is a novel by Rudolfo Anaya in which his young protagonist, Antonio Márez y Luna, tells the story of his coming-of-age with the guidance of his curandera, mentor, and protector, Ultima.	Bless Me, Ultima	Rudolfo Anaya
author	The Fan Club is a novel by Irving Wallace published in 1974 about a group of young men who stalk and plan to kidnap and coerce a popular actress into having sex with them.	The Fan Club	Irving Wallace
author	The Prone Gunman (La Position du tireur couché) is a thriller written by Jean-Patrick Manchette that was published in 1981.	La Position du tireur couché	Jean-Patrick Manchette
author	Fifty Degrees Below (2005) is the second book in the hard science fiction Science in the Capital trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson.	Fifty Degrees Below	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Daphne du Maurier's novel Mary Anne (1954) is a fictionalised account of the real-life story of her great-grandmother, Mary Anne Clarke née Thompson (1776-1852).	Mary Anne	Daphne du Maurier
author	Zeroville is a 2007 novel by Steve Erickson on film's upheaval in the 1970s.	Zeroville	Steve Erickson
author	``For the Strength of Youth'' is a pamphlet distributed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) that ``summarizes standards from scripture and from the writings and teachings of Church leaders.''	For the Strength of Youth	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
author	Britain's Everyday Heroes is a book by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown about thirty-three ordinary people whose willing commitment to a cause or a community has informed and inspired Brown.	Britain's Everyday Heroes	Gordon Brown
author	The Hand of Robin Squires, written by Joan Clark, was first published in 1977 and is now available from Puffin Books.	The Hand of Robin Squires	Joan Clark
author	``Rapunzel'' (/rəˈpʌnzəl/; German pronunciation: (ʁaˈpʊnt͡səl)) is a German fairy tale in the collection assembled by the Brothers Grimm, and first published in 1812 as part of Children's and Household Tales.	Rapunzel	Brothers Grimm
author	Forever Odd is a 2005 novel by Dean Koontz, and the sequel to Odd Thomas.	Forever Odd	Dean Koontz
author	We the Living is the debut novel of the Russian American novelist Ayn Rand.	We the Living	Ayn Rand
author	The Shwezigon Pagoda Bell Inscription (Burmese: ရွှေစည်းခုံဘုရား ခေါင်းလောင်းစာ) is a multi-language inscription found on the Shwezigon Pagoda Bell, donated by King Bayinnaung of Toungoo Dynasty and located at the Shwezigon Pagoda in Bagan, Burma (Myanmar).	Shwezigon Pagoda Bell Inscription	Bayinnaung
author	What a Week to Risk it All is ninth and last part of the What a Week series by Rosie Rushton.	What a Week to Risk it All	Rosie Rushton
author	A Universal History of Infamy, or A Universal History of Iniquity (original Spanish title: Historia universal de la infamia), is a collection of short stories by Jorge Luis Borges, first published in 1935, and revised by the author in 1954.	A Universal History of Infamy	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Jack Stapleton and Laurie Montgomery series is an ongoing series of New York Times Bestselling medical thrillers by Robin Cook that follows pathologist Jack Stapleton and his co-worker (and later wife) Laurie Montgomery as they attempt to solve the various mysteries that come across their path.	Jack Stapleton and Laurie Montgomery series	Robin Cook
author	Wraithborn is an American comic book limited series by Joe Benitez and Marcia Chen, launched in November 2005.	Wraithborn	Joe Benitez
author	My Late Wives is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906--1977), who published it under the name of Carter Dickson.	My Late Wives	John Dickson Carr
author	The Fudge Family in England is an 1835 epistolary verse novel by the Irish-born writer Thomas Moore.	The Fudge Family in England	Thomas Moore
author	Faithful unto Death is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham, the fifth in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series, which has been adapted into the equally successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders.	Faithful unto Death	Caroline Graham
author	``The Moon Moth'' is a science fiction short story by American author Jack Vance, first published in Galaxy Science Fiction (August 1961).	The Moon Moth	Jack Vance
author	Stories and Texts for Nothing is a collection of stories by Samuel Beckett.	Stories and Texts for Nothing	Samuel Beckett
author	Foundling Mick (A Lad of Grit; French: P'tit-Bonhomme, lit. Lit'l Fellow) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne first published in 1893.	Foundling Mick	Jules Verne
author	John Inglesant is a celebrated historical novel by Joseph Henry Shorthouse, published in 1881, and set mainly in the middle years of the 17th century.	John Inglesant	Joseph Henry Shorthouse
author	``J. Habakuk Jephson's Statement'' is an 1884 short story by young Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	J. Habakuk Jephson's Statement	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	The Gum Thief is Canadian author Douglas Coupland's twelfth novel.	The Gum Thief	Douglas Coupland
author	Thirty Acres (French: Trente arpents) is a novel by Canadian writer Philippe Panneton, published under the pen name Ringuet.	Thirty Acres	Philippe Panneton
author	The Manzai Comics (also known as The Comedy Team) is a manga series written by Atsuko Asano and illustrated by Hizuru Imai.	The Manzai Comics	Atsuko Asano
author	The Discourse on Reforming the Government of Florence (Italian: Discorso sopra il riformare lo stato di Firenze) is a 1520 work by Italian Renaissance political scientist and writer Niccolò Machiavelli.	Discourse on Reforming the Government of Florence	Niccolò Machiavelli
author	Introduction to Psychoanalysis or Introductory Lectures on Psycho-Analysis (German: Vorlesungen zur Einführung in die Psychoanalyse) is a set of lectures given by Sigmund Freud 1915-17 (published 1916-17), which became the most popular and widely translated of his works.	Introduction to Psychoanalysis	Sigmund Freud
author	Prisons We Choose to Live Inside is a collection of five essays by the British writer Doris Lessing, which were previously delivered as the 1985 Massey Lectures.	Prisons We Choose to Live Inside	Doris Lessing
author	The Game of Chess is a book about chess written by Siegbert Tarrasch.	The Game of Chess	Siegbert Tarrasch
author	Eight lines of descent of John Prescott, founder of Lancaster, Massachusetts, 1645, from Alfred the Great, King of England, 871-901 is a book written by genealogist Frederick Lewis Weis showing, as the title suggests, eight different genealogical lines from Alfred the Great to John Prescott.	Eight lines of descent of John Prescott, founder of Lancaster, Massachusetts, 1645, from Alfred the Great, King of England, 871-901	Frederick Lewis Weis
author	Weep Not, Child is Kenyan author Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o's first novel, published in 1964 under the name James Ngugi.	Weep Not, Child	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
author	The Wind Is My Lover (Swedish title: Singoalla) is a novel by Swedish author Viktor Rydberg.	The Wind Is My Lover	Viktor Rydberg
author	Social Theory of International Politics is an academic book by Alexander Wendt.	Social Theory of International Politics	Alexander Wendt
author	Breakfast with Buddha is a 2007 spiritual fiction novel by American author Roland Merullo.	Breakfast with Buddha	Roland Merullo
author	Lumen fidei (English: The Light of Faith) is the name of the first encyclical of Pope Francis, which was signed on 29 June 2013, on the Solemnity of Saints Peter and Paul, and which was published on 5 July 2013, almost four months after his election to the papacy.	Lumen fidei	Francis
author	Sonnet 147 is one of 154 sonnets written by English playwright and poet William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 147	William Shakespeare
author	Jesus on Mars is a 1979 science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer set on Mars and involving an alien civilization.	Jesus on Mars	Philip José Farmer
author	Brevis commentarius de Islandia (English: ``Brief Commentary on Iceland'') is a book in Latin written and published in Denmark in 1593 by the Icelandic scholar Arngrímur Jónsson.	Brevis commentarius de Islandia	Arngrímur Jónsson
author	Clouds without Water is a poetry collection by Aleister Crowley (1875--1947), an English author, occult magician, mountaineer and founder of the religious philosophy of Thelema.	Clouds without Water	Aleister Crowley
author	A Moving Target is a collection of essays and lectures written by William Golding.	A Moving Target	William Golding
author	``The Doctrine of Fascism'' (``La dottrina del fascismo'') is an essay attributed to Benito Mussolini.	The Doctrine of Fascism	Benito Mussolini
author	Clear Light of Day is a novel published in 1980 by Indian novelist and three-time Booker Prize finalist Anita Desai.	Clear Light of Day	Anita Desai
author	Bullet Park is a 1969 novel by American Novelist John Cheever about an earnest yet pensive father Eliot Nailles and his troubled son Tony, and their predestined fate with a psychotic man Hammer, who moves to Bullet Park to sacrifice one of them.	Bullet Park	John Cheever
author	``The Tinderbox'' (Danish: Fyrtøiet) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a soldier who acquires a magic tinderbox capable of summoning three powerful dogs to do his bidding.	The Tinderbox	Hans Christian Andersen
author	She Came to Stay (French, L'Invitée) is a novel written by French author Simone de Beauvoir first published in 1943.	She Came to Stay	Simone de Beauvoir
author	The End of the Road is the second novel by American writer John Barth, published first in 1958, and then in a revised edition in 1967.	The End of the Road	John Barth
author	Valmiki's Daughter is a novel by Shani Mootoo published in 2008.	Valmiki's Daughter	Shani Mootoo
author	The Life of Zamenhof is a biography of L. L. Zamenhof, the founder of Esperanto, written in Esperanto by Edmond Privat.	The Life of Zamenhof	Edmond Privat
author	The Red Pony is an episodic novella written by American writer John Steinbeck in 1933.	The Red Pony	John Steinbeck
author	Crisis of Conscience is a biographical book by Raymond Franz, a former member of the Governing Body of Jehovah's Witnesses, written in 1983, three years after his expulsion from the Jehovah's Witnesses religion.	Crisis of Conscience	Raymond Franz
author	Eighth Grade Bites is a novel written by Zac Brewer, formerly Heather Brewer, centered on its main character Vladimir Tod, a vampire from birth.	Eighth Grade Bites	Heather Brewer
author	H is for Hawk is a memoir by British author Helen Macdonald.	H is for Hawk	Helen Macdonald
author	The Parasite is an 1894 novelette by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Parasite	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	High in the Clouds is a children's adventure novel written by musician/songwriter Paul McCartney and Philip Ardagh, illustrated by Geoff Dunbar, and published by Faber and Faber in October 2005.	High in the Clouds	Philip Ardagh
author	The Unfortunates is an experimental ``book in a box'' published in 1969 by English author B. S. Johnson and reissued in 2008 by New Directions.	The Unfortunates	B. S. Johnson
author	Arnoldi Chronica Slavorum is the continuation of Helmold's Chronica Slavorum by Arnold of Lübeck.	Arnoldi Chronica Slavorum	Arnold of Lübeck
author	At Home in Mitford is a novel written by American author Jan Karon.	At Home in Mitford	Jan Karon
author	China Mountain Zhang is a 1992 novel by science fiction author Maureen F. McHugh.	China Mountain Zhang	Maureen F. McHugh
author	The Card is a short comic novel written by Arnold Bennett in 1911 (titled Denry the Audacious in the American edition).	The Card	Arnold Bennett
author	Published on 15 April 1755 and written by Samuel Johnson, A Dictionary of the English Language, sometimes published as Johnson's Dictionary, is among the most influential dictionaries in the history of the English language.	A Dictionary of the English Language	Samuel Johnson
author	Memos from Purgatory is Harlan Ellison's account of his experience with kid gangs when he joined one to research them for his first novel, Web of the City.	Memos from Purgatory	Harlan Ellison
author	The Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson or the Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson, LL.D. During the Last Twenty Years of His Life by Hester Thrale, also known as Hester Lynch Piozzi, was first published 26 March 1786.	Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson	Hester Thrale
author	Ben Singkol is a 2001 novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José.	Ben Singkol	F. Sionil José
author	Experiments and Observations on Different Kinds of Air (1774--86) is a six-volume work published by 18th-century British polymath Joseph Priestley which reports a series of his experiments on ``airs'' or gases, most notably his discovery of oxygen gas (which he called ``dephlogisticated air'').	Experiments and Observations on Different Kinds of Air	Joseph Priestley
author	Timescape is a 1980 novel by science fiction writer Gregory Benford (with unbilled co-author Hilary Foister, Benford's sister-in-law, who is credited as having ``contributed significantly to the manuscript'').	Timescape	Gregory Benford
author	The Letter from Birmingham Jail (also known as ``Letter from Birmingham City Jail'' and ``The Negro Is Your Brother'') is an open letter written on April 16, 1963, by Martin Luther King, Jr. The letter defends the strategy of nonviolent resistance to racism.	Letter from Birmingham Jail	Martin Luther King, Jr.
author	The Political Zoo is a book written by the American conservative talk radio host Michael Savage.	The Political Zoo	Michael Savage
author	Dead Man's Handle is the title of a 1985 action-adventure/spy novel written by Peter O'Donnell.	Dead Man's Handle	Peter O'Donnell
author	Round Heads and Pointed Heads (German: Die Rundköpfe und die Spitzköpfe) is an epic parable play written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, in collaboration with Margarete Steffin, Emil Burri, Elisabeth Hauptmann, and the composer Hanns Eisler.	Round Heads and Pointed Heads	Bertolt Brecht
author	Hunter's Run is a 2007 science fiction novel written by Daniel Abraham, Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin.	Hunter's Run	Daniel Abraham	Gardner Dozois	George R. R. Martin
author	The Life of a Peasant Woman (Житие одной бабы, Zhitiye odnoi baby) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov, first published in 1863's 7th and 8th issues of Biblioteka dlya chteniya magazine, under the moniker of M. Stebnitsky.	The Life of a Peasant Woman	Nikolai Leskov
author	The Silent and the Damned (also known as The Vanished Hands) is the second novel in Robert Wilson's critically acclaimed Javier Falcón series, set in Seville.	The Silent and the Damned	Robert Wilson
author	Have You Seen Tom Thumb? is a biography of General Tom Thumb written for children by Mabel Leigh Hunt.	Have You Seen Tom Thumb?	Mabel Leigh Hunt
author	I Wish Someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere (French: Je voudrais que quelqu'un m'attende quelque part) is a collection of twelve short stories written by Anna Gavalda.	I Wish Someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere	Anna Gavalda
author	Way of the Peaceful Warrior is a part-fictional, part-autobiographical book based upon the early life of the author Dan Millman.	Way of the Peaceful Warrior	Dan Millman
author	The Architecture of the Arkansas Ozarks (TAOTAO) is a 1975 book by American author Donald Harington.	The Architecture of the Arkansas Ozarks	Donald Harington
author	``The Gift of the Magi'' is a short story, written by O. Henry (a pen name for William Sydney Porter), about a young married couple and how they deal with the challenge of buying secret Christmas gifts for each other with very little money.	The Gift of the Magi	O. Henry
author	Torture the Artist, published as Vincent outside the US, is a novel by Joey Goebel published in 2004.	Torture the Artist	Joey Goebel
author	Emily Climbs is the second in a series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery.	Emily Climbs	Lucy Maud Montgomery
author	In a Strange Room is a 2010 novel by South African writer Damon Galgut.	In a Strange Room	Damon Galgut
author	In the Courts of the Crimson Kings is a 2008 alternate history science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling.	In the Courts of the Crimson Kings	S. M. Stirling
author	Historietter is a collection of 20 short stories, written by Hjalmar Söderberg.	Historietter	Hjalmar Söderberg
author	The Leopard Man's Story is a short mystery story by Jack London.	The Leopard Man's Story	Jack London
author	The Quest for Cush is a sword and sorcery novel written by Charles R. Saunders, and published by DAW Books in 1984.	The Quest for Cush	Charles R. Saunders
author	The Children of Zion (The Path of Agony of the Tehran Children) is a book written by Henryk Grynberg about ``the fate of the Polish Jews''.	Children of Zion	Henryk Grynberg
author	History of Shit (Histoire de la merde: Prologue) is a 1978 book by French psychoanalyst Dominique Laporte (1949--1984).	History of Shit	Dominique Laporte
author	The Citadel of Chaos is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone, and illustrated by Russ Nicholson.	The Citadel of Chaos	Steve Jackson
author	The Lays of Beleriand, published in 1985, is the third volume of Christopher Tolkien's 12-volume book series, The History of Middle-earth, in which he analyzes the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien.	The Lays of Beleriand	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	Al-Istibsar (Al-Istibsar fi ma ukhtulif fihi min al-akhbar) (Arabic: اَلاِْسْتِبْصار فیما اختلف من الأخبار) is a Hadith collection, by the famous Twelver Shia Hadith scholar Abu Jafar Muhammad Ibn Hassan Tusi, commonly known as Shaykh Tusi.	Al-Istibsar	Shaykh Tusi
author	Fleabee's Fortune is the first book in the Deptford Mouselets Series by Robin Jarvis (first published in 2004).	Fleabee's Fortune	Robin Jarvis
author	Shadow on the Hearth is the first of three science fiction novels by Judith Merril, originally published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1950.	Shadow on the Hearth	Judith Merril
author	Último Volume (Portuguese for Last Volume) is a book by Miguel Esteves Cardoso, published in 1991.	Último Volume	Miguel Esteves Cardoso
author	Perilous Dreams is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton.	Perilous Dreams	Andre Norton
author	Novelas ejemplares (``Exemplary Novels'') is a series of twelve novellas that follow the model established in Italy, written by Miguel de Cervantes between 1590 and 1612.	Novelas ejemplares	Miguel de Cervantes
author	My Official Wife is an 1891 novel by Richard Henry Savage, popular in its day, soon after adapted for the stage, and for silent films in 1914 and 1926, and a German-language film in 1936.	My Official Wife	Richard Henry Savage
author	GAZ4 The Kingdom of Ierendi was written by Anne Gray McCready, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian, and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 64-page booklet with a counter sheet, a large color map, and an outer folder.	The Kingdom of Ierendi	Anne Gray McCready
author	Bared to You is a 2012 New York Times bestselling erotic new adult romance novel by veteran writer Sylvia Day, focusing on the complicated relationship between two twentysomething protagonists with equally abusive pasts.	Bared to You	Sylvia Day
author	Heartsnatcher (French: L'Arrache-cœur) is a 1953 novel by the French writer Boris Vian.	Heartsnatcher	Boris Vian
author	L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman?, is a posthumous biography of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard written by Bent Corydon, which makes extensive use of interviews he conducted with Hubbard's son Ronald DeWolf.	L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman?	Ronald DeWolf
author	The Janna Mysteries, a medieval crime series by Felicity Pulman, follows Janna (Johanna is her full name) and her quest to find her father in order to seek vengeance for the death of her mother.	The Janna Mysteries	Felicity Pulman
author	A Curtain of Green was the first collection of short stories written by Eudora Welty.	A Curtain of Green	Eudora Welty
author	The Noah Conspiracy is a 1981 novel by American writer Michael Shaara, first published as The Herald.	The Noah Conspiracy	Michael Shaara
author	Romance pro křídlovku (in English: Romance for Bugle or Romance for Flugelhorn; in German: Romanze für ein Flügelhorn) is a lyrical epic poem written in 1961 by the Czech poet František Hrubín.	Romance pro křídlovku	František Hrubín
author	Kurt Busiek's Astro City is an American superhero anthology comic book series centered on a fictional American city of that name.	Astro City	Kurt Busiek
author	'The Jew in the Lotus is a 1994 book by Rodger Kamenetz about a historic dialogue between rabbis and the Dalai Lama, the first recorded major dialogue between experts in Judaism and Buddhism.	The Jew in the Lotus	Rodger Kamenetz
author	Texts from Bennett is a blog created by Mac Lethal (born David McCleary Sheldon), purportedly based on text messages exchanged between Lethal and his ``cousin'' Bennett.	Texts from Bennett	Mac Lethal
author	Spirits in Bondage (1919) was C. S. Lewis's first published work (originally published under the pseudonym Clive Hamilton, which is Lewis' first name followed by his mother's maiden name).	Spirits in Bondage	C. S. Lewis
author	The Right Hand of the Grand Master (Georgian: დიდოსტატის კონსტანტინეს მარჯვენა, The Right Hand of the Grand Master Constantine), also published as The Hand of the Great Master is a historical novel by 20th century Georgian writer Konstantine Gamsakhurdia, who first published it in 1939 in a literary magazine Mnatobi.	The Right Hand of the Grand Master	Konstantine Gamsakhurdia
author	Lucy Winchester is a novel by Mennonite author Christmas Carol Kauffman.	Lucy Winchester	Christmas Carol Kauffman
author	Yalkut Yosef (Hebrew: ילקוט יוסף‎, ``Collation of Yosef'') is an authoritative, contemporary work of Halakha, providing a detailed explanation of the Shulchan Aruch as based on the halachic rulings of the former Rishon LeTzion Rav Ovadia Yosef.	Yalkut Yosef	Ovadia Yosef
author	The Blind Owl (1937) (Persian: بوف کور‎‎, Boof-e koor, listen ) is Sadegh Hedayat's most enduring work of prose and a major literary work of 20th century Iran.	The Blind Owl	Sadegh Hedayat
author	The Indecent Exposure of Anthony East is a 1968 play by David Williamson.	The Indecent Exposure of Anthony East	David Williamson
author	Nineteen Minutes, published on March 9, 2007, is a novel by Jodi Picoult.	Nineteen Minutes	Jodi Picoult
author	The Journals of Susanna Moodie is a book of poetry by Margaret Atwood, first published in 1970.	The Journals of Susanna Moodie	Margaret Atwood
author	Address to Young Men on Greek Literature (alternatively, ``Address To Young Men On How They Might Derive Benefit From Greek Literature,'' Ancient Greek: Πρὸς τοὺς νέους, ὅπως ἂν ἐξ ἑλληνικῶν ὠφελοῖντο λόγων) is a text by Basil of Caesarea.	Address to Young Men on Greek Literature	Basil of Caesarea
author	Epicurus the Sage was a 2-issue limited series written by William Messner-Loebs, with art by Sam Kieth.	Epicurus the Sage	Sam Kieth
author	Philip and the Others (Dutch: Philip en de anderen) is a 1954 novel by Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom.	Philip and the Others	Cees Nooteboom
author	Stonewielder is the third fantasy novel by Canadian author Ian Cameron Esslemont set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen, co-created with Esslemont's friend and colleague Steven Erikson.	Stonewielder	Ian Cameron Esslemont
author	The Destruction of Dresden is a 1963 non-fiction book written by David Irving which describes the February 1945 Allied bombing of Dresden in World War II. The book became an international best-seller during the 1960s debate about the morality of the World War II area bombing of the civilian population of Nazi Germany.	The Destruction of Dresden	David Irving
author	Nine Princes in Amber is a new wave fantasy novel and the first in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny.	Nine Princes in Amber	Roger Zelazny
author	The Cave Girl is an Edgar Rice Burroughs lost world novel.	The Cave Girl	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Artush and Zaur is a novel by Azerbaijani writer and journalist Ali Akbar (alias of Alakbar Aliyev) published in 2009.	Artush and Zaur	Ali Akbar
author	Beatrice and Virgil is Canadian writer Yann Martel's third novel.	Beatrice and Virgil	Yann Martel
author	The Last of the Vostiaks (Italian: L'ultimo dei Vostiachi) is a novel by the Italian writer Diego Marani.	The Last of the Vostiaks	Diego Marani
author	The Speaker of Mandarin is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1983.	The Speaker of Mandarin	Ruth Rendell
author	Darkworld Detective is a collection of science fantasy stories written by J. Michael Reaves, published as a paperback original by Bantam Books in 1982.	Darkworld Detective	Michael Reaves
author	Day of the Oprichnik (Russian: День опричника, Den' oprichnika) is a 2006 novel by the Russian writer Vladimir Sorokin.	Day of the Oprichnik	Vladimir Sorokin
author	Agaguk is the sixth novel written by Quebec author Yves Thériault.	Agaguk	Yves Thériault
author	Little Town on the Prairie is an autobiographical children's novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1941, the seventh of nine books in her Little House series.	Little Town on the Prairie	Laura Ingalls Wilder
author	Liu, Xie The Literary Mind and the Carving of Dragons.	The Literary Mind and the Carving of Dragons	Liu, Xie
author	Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band (Italian: Jack Frusciante è uscito dal gruppo) is Enrico Brizzi's debut novel.	Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band	Enrico Brizzi
author	``A Loint of Paw'' is a vignette by Isaac Asimov, first published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in August 1957.	A Loint of Paw	Isaac Asimov
author	The Rosy Crucifixion, a trilogy consisting of Sexus, Plexus, and Nexus, is a fictionalized account documenting the six-year period of Henry Miller's life in Brooklyn as he falls for his second wife June and struggles to become a writer, leading up to his initial departure for Paris in 1928.	The Rosy Crucifixion	Henry Miller
author	One Clear Call is the ninth novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series.	One Clear Call	Upton Sinclair
author	The Dawning Light is a 1959 science fiction novel published under the name Robert Randall, collaborative pseudonym of American writers Robert Silverberg and Randall Garrett.	The Dawning Light	Robert Silverberg	Randall Garrett
author	Adventures in Two Worlds is the 1952 autobiography of Dr. A. J. Cronin, in which he relates, with much humour, the exciting events of his dual career as a medical doctor and a novelist.	Adventures in Two Worlds	A. J. Cronin
author	The Discourse on Metaphysics (French: Discours de métaphysique, 1686) is a short treatise by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz in which he develops a philosophy concerning physical substance, motion and resistance of bodies, and God's role within the universe.	Discourse on Metaphysics	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
author	Written Lives (Spanish: Vidas Escritas) is a collection of biographical sketches of famous literary figures, written by Spanish author Javier Marías and originally published in 2000.	Written Lives	Javier Marías
author	Scrambled Eggs Super! is a 1953 book by American children's author Dr. Seuss.	Scrambled Eggs Super!	Dr. Seuss
author	Burke's Landed Gentry, first published in 1826 and developed by John Burke (1786--1848), remains widely used by historians and genealogical researchers, e.g. Ancestry.com.	Burke's Landed Gentry	John Burke
author	Red Storm Rising is a 1986 techno-thriller novel by Tom Clancy about a Third World War in Europe between NATO and Warsaw Pact forces, set around the mid-1980s.	Red Storm Rising	Tom Clancy
author	Deathscent is a children's novel written by British novelist Robin Jarvis.	Deathscent	Robin Jarvis
author	Fireworks and Darkness is a 2002 young-adult novel by Natalie Jane Prior.	Fireworks and Darkness	Natalie Jane Prior
author	Rosso Malpelo is a short story by Giovanni Verga, the title 'Rosso Malpelo' is Sicilian for 'Evil Hair', a nickname which combines Rosso (Red) with Malpelo (evil hair), as Sicilians believed people with red hair were malicious and had an evil disposition.	Rosso Malpelo	Giovanni Verga
author	God's Helicopter is a young-adult novel by the American writer Lee Gutkind.	God's Helicopter	Lee Gutkind
author	``La Belle Dame sans Merci'' (French for ``The Beautiful Lady Without Mercy'') is a ballad written by the English poet John Keats.	La Belle Dame sans Merci	John Keats
author	Year's Best SF 4 (ISBN 0-06-105902-1) is a science fiction anthology, edited by David G. Hartwell, that was published in 1999.	Year's Best SF 4	David G. Hartwell
author	``The Magpies'' is the most famous poem by New Zealand poet Denis Glover (1912--1980).	The Magpies	Denis Glover
author	A Pack of Lies: twelve stories in one is a children's novel with metafictional elements, written by Geraldine McCaughrean and published by Oxford in 1988.	A Pack of Lies	Geraldine McCaughrean
author	The Survivor and Others is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by August Derleth, inspired by some of H. P. Lovecraft's notes left behind after his death.	The Survivor and Others	August Derleth	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Mouse Soup is a 1977 picture book by noted illustrator Arnold Lobel.	Mouse Soup	Arnold Lobel
author	Feminateek, also known as the Fenomenale Feminateek (``Phenomenal Library of Women''), is a collection of 22400 images of female eroticism compiled in 144 volumes by Flemish author Louis Paul Boon.	Feminateek	Louis Paul Boon
author	The Two Pound Tram is a novel written by William Newton (a pseudonym of Kenneth Newton, a retired doctor).	The Two Pound Tram	Kenneth Newton
author	Patterns of Sexual Behavior, published in 1951, is a work of scientific literature co-authored by Clellan S. Ford and Frank A. Beach.	Patterns of Sexual Behavior	Clellan S. Ford	Frank A. Beach
author	The Thing Around Your Neck is a short story collection by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, it was first published in April 2009 by Fourth Estate in the UK and by Knopf in the US.	The Thing Around Your Neck	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
author	Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven, a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert, Oklahoma, who has now become The Want, Winter Frore, Geth and Clover as they fight to save the Land of Foo.	Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra	Obert Skye
author	The Reverberator is a short novel by Henry James, first published as a serial in Macmillan's Magazine in 1888 and then as a book later the same year.	The Reverberator	Henry James
author	Red Blades of Black Cathay is a collection of Fantasy short stories by Robert E. Howard and Tevis Clyde Smith.	Red Blades of Black Cathay	Robert E. Howard	Tevis Clyde Smith
author	Outwitting the Devil is a book that was written by Napoleon Hill and annotated by Sharon Lechter.	Outwitting the Devil	Napoleon Hill
author	Mark Twain's Library of Humor is an 1888 anthology of short humorous works compiled by Mark Twain, pen name of Samuel Langhorne Clemens, William Dean Howells and Charles Hopkins Clark.	Mark Twain's Library of Humor	William Dean Howells
author	``The Shadow Kingdom'' by Robert E. Howard is the first of Howard's Kull stories, set in his fictional Thurian Age.	The Shadow Kingdom	Robert E. Howard
author	Knitting Under the Influence is a 2006 novel written by author Claire Scovell LaZebnik about three girls in their late twenties who have a weekly knitting circle, yet, they all have busy individual lives.	Knitting Under the Influence	Claire Scovell LaZebnik
author	Gump & Co. (or Forrest Gump and Co.) is a 1995 novel by Winston Groom.	Gump and Co.	Winston Groom
author	``I taste a liquor never brewed'' is a lyrical poem written by Emily Dickinson first published in the Springfield Daily Republican of 4 May 1861 from a now lost copy.	I taste a liquor never brewed	Emily Dickinson
author	Johnny Got His Gun is an anti-war novel written in 1938 by American novelist and screenwriter Dalton Trumbo and published September 1939 by J. B. Lippincott.	Johnny Got His Gun	Dalton Trumbo
author	Samuel Johnson's Life of Mr Richard Savage (1744), short title is Life of Savage and full title is An Account of the Life of Mr Richard Savage, Son of the Earl Rivers, was the first major biography published by Johnson.	Life of Mr Richard Savage	Samuel Johnson
author	In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays is a collection of essays by Bertrand Russell published in 1935.	In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays	Bertrand Russell
author	Mutineers' Moon is a 1991 science fiction novel written by American writer David Weber.	Mutineers' Moon	David Weber
author	An Instance of the Fingerpost is a 1997 historical mystery novel by Iain Pears.	An Instance of the Fingerpost	Iain Pears
cast member	Teresa, el cuerpo de Cristo (English: Theresa: The Body of Christ) is a 2007 biopic written and directed by Ray Loriga and starring Paz Vega as the title character, Saint Teresa of Ávila.	Theresa: The Body of Christ	Paz Vega
cast member	Les 11 commandements (or The 11 Commandments in English speaking countries) is a French comedy film, made in 2004, featuring Michaël Youn.	Les 11 commandements	Michaël Youn
cast member	Chathikkatha Chanthu (Malayalam: ചതിക്കാത്തചന്തു, English: Chanthu Who Never Cheats) is a 2004 Malayalam musical-comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin, and produced by Lal.	Chathikkatha Chanthu	Lal
cast member	Hero Hiralal is a 1988 film directed by Ketan Mehta and starring Naseeruddin Shah and Sanjana Kapoor in leading roles.	Hero Hiralal	Naseeruddin Shah	Sanjana Kapoor
cast member	A Yankee Princess is a 1919 American silent film comedy drama produced and distributed by the Vitagraph Company of America and starring Bessie Love.	A Yankee Princess	Bessie Love
cast member	Niram (English: Colour) is a 1999 Malayalam Romantic film directed by Kamal, starring Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles.	Niram	Kunchacko Boban
cast member	The Narrow Trail is a 1917 American silent western film directed by William S. Hart and Lambert Hillyer and written by William S. Hart and Harvey F. Thew.	The Narrow Trail	William S. Hart
cast member	A Cricket in the Ear (Bulgarian: Щурец в ухото / Shturets v uhoto) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1976, directed by Georgi K. Stoyanov, starring Pavel Popandov, Stefan Mavrodiev, Itzhak Fintzi, Tatyana Lolova and Petar Slabakov.	A Cricket in the Ear	Itzhak Fintzi	Tatyana Lolova
cast member	Texas Killing Fields (also known as The Fields) is a 2011 American crime film directed by Ami Canaan Mann, starring Sam Worthington, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Jessica Chastain and Chloë Grace Moretz.	Texas Killing Fields	Sam Worthington	Jeffrey Dean Morgan	Jessica Chastain	Chloë Grace Moretz
cast member	Sweet Alibis is a 2014 Taiwanese comedy film starring Alec Su as a cowardly veteran cop and Ariel Lin as an overzealous rookie.	Sweet Alibis	Ariel Lin
cast member	Shree 420 (translation: Mr. 420, also transliterated as Shri 420) is a 1955 Bollywood film directed, produced by and starring Raj Kapoor and Nargis.	Shree 420	Raj Kapoor	Nargis
cast member	A Death in Canaan is a 1978 American drama television film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Stefanie Powers, Paul Clemens, and Brian Dennehy.	A Death in Canaan	Stefanie Powers	Brian Dennehy
cast member	The Starlit Garden is a 1923 British silent romantic film directed by Guy Newall and starring Newall, Ivy Duke, Lawford Davidson and Mary Rorke.	The Starlit Garden	Guy Newall	Ivy Duke	Lawford Davidson
cast member	Man in the Vault is a 1956 film noir about a locksmith, played by William Campbell, who is forced to help gangsters commit a robbery.	Man in the Vault	William Campbell
cast member	Fearless Fighters, also known as Ninja Killers or A Real Man, is a 1971 Hong Kong-Taiwanese wuxia film starring Shaw Brothers Studio veteran actors Chan Hung-lit and Yee Yuen and a cast from Hong Kong and Taiwan.	Fearless Fighters	Chan Hung-lit
cast member	Rantevou stin Kerkyra or Rendez-vous stin Kerkira (Greek: Ραντεβού στην Κέρκυρα, Conversations in Corfu) is a 1960 Greek black and white drama film directed and written by Dimitris Dadiras and starring Tzeni Karezi.	Rantevou stin Kerkyra	Tzeni Karezi
cast member	Object of Obsession is an American erotic thriller film, released in 1994, starring Scott Valentine, Erika Anderson, Elizabeth Whitcraft, Robert Keith, Jane A. Rogers, and Jake Higginson.	Object of Obsession	Scott Valentine	Erika Anderson	Elizabeth Whitcraft	Jane A. Rogers
cast member	Doli Saja Ke Rakhna is a 1998 Bollywood romance film directed by Priyadarshan with Akshaye Khanna and Jyothika in lead roles.	Doli Saja Ke Rakhna	Akshaye Khanna	Jyothika
cast member	Lal Baadshah is a 1999 Bollywood film directed by K.C. Bokadia and starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role, Raghuvaran, Manisha Koirala, Shilpa Shetty and Amrish Puri.	Lal Baadshah	Amitabh Bachchan	Manisha Koirala	Shilpa Shetty
cast member	Hello London is a 1958 documentary film starring Sonja Henie and Michael Wilding.	Hello London	Sonja Henie	Michael Wilding
cast member	Temporary Release (Danish: Ledsaget udgang) is a 2007 Danish comedy film written by, directed and starring Erik Clausen.	Temporary Release	Erik Clausen
cast member	Just Go with It is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan, and produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film.	Just Go with It	Adam Sandler
cast member	Pidichirukku (English: I like it) is a 2008 Tamil romantic drama film,Produced by Kool Productions Chida Shenbaga Kumar, directed by Kanagu, starring Ashok, Vishakha Singh, Sampath Raj, Ganja Karuppu and Saranya Ponvannan.	Pidichirukku	Ashok	Vishakha Singh	Sampath Raj	Ganja Karuppu	Saranya Ponvannan
cast member	Zombie Honeymoon centers around the doomed love story of Denise (Tracy Coogan) and Danny (Graham Sibley) Zanders, whose honeymoon is disrupted by an attack that turns Danny into a zombie.	Zombie Honeymoon	Tracy Coogan
cast member	Only the Valiant, also known as Fort Invincible, is a 1951 western film produced by William Cagney (younger brother of James Cagney), directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Gregory Peck and Barbara Payton.	Only the Valiant	Gregory Peck	Barbara Payton
cast member	Against the Dark is a 2009 American action horror film starring Steven Seagal and directed by Richard Crudo.	Against the Dark	Steven Seagal
cast member	Brothers Under the Chin is a 1924 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel and featuring James Finlayson.	Brothers Under the Chin	Stan Laurel
cast member	The King & the Commissioner is a 2012 Malayalam political thriller film written by Renji Panicker and directed by Shaji Kailas, starring Mammootty, Suresh Gopi, Saikumar, Janardhanan and Samvrutha Sunil.	The King & the Commissioner	Mammootty	Suresh Gopi	Samvrutha Sunil
cast member	Wrongfully Accused is a 1998 comedy film starring Leslie Nielsen as a man who has been framed for murder and desperately attempts to expose the true culprits.	Wrongfully Accused	Leslie Nielsen
cast member	The Sons of Great Bear (German: Die Söhne der großen Bärin; literally, The Sons of the Great She-Bear) is a 1966 East German Western film, directed by the Czechoslovak filmmaker Josef Mach and starring the Yugoslav actor Gojko Mitić in the leading role of Tokei-ihto.	The Sons of Great Bear	Gojko Mitić
cast member	Caribbean Gold is a 1952 American pirate film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring John Payne, Arlene Dahl and Cedric Hardwicke.	Caribbean Gold	John Payne
cast member	Gair Kanooni is a 1989 Hindi film which stars Govinda and Sridevi in the lead roles.	Gair Kanooni	Govinda	Sridevi
cast member	The Price of a Good Time is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Lois Weber and Phillips Smalley and starring teen Mildred Harris.	The Price of a Good Time	Mildred Harris
cast member	Mr. Ricco is a 1975 crime drama film directed by Paul Bogart and starring Dean Martin in his last leading film role, along with Eugene Roche, Denise Nicholas and Cindy Williams.	Mr. Ricco	Dean Martin
cast member	Thanks for Your Love is a 1996 Hong Kong romantic comedy film produced and directed by David Yu and Norman Law and starring Andy Lau and Rosamund Kwan.	Thanks for Your Love	Andy Lau
cast member	Kalpadukal (Malayalam: കാൽപ്പാടുകൾ, English: Footprints) is a 1962 Malayalam language film directed by K. S. Antony and starring Prem Nazir in the lead role.	Kalpadukal	Prem Nazir
cast member	Ulakam Chuttum Valiban is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film directed by Raj Babu.It stars Jayaram, Biju Menon, Vandana Menon and Mithra Kurian in the lead roles.	Ulakam Chuttum Valiban	Jayaram	Biju Menon	Vandana Menon	Mithra Kurian
cast member	The Coffin is a 2008 horror film starring Ananda Everingham and Karen Mok.	The Coffin	Ananda Everingham	Karen Mok
cast member	CB4 becomes the hottest band on the charts with controversial hits like ``Sweat From My Balls'' and ``Straight Outta Locash,'' and their rise to fame is documented by an aspiring director (Chris Elliott) and his cameraman.	CB4	Chris Elliott
cast member	Boston Blackie and the Law is the twelfth of fourteen Columbia Pictures films starring Chester Morris as reformed crook Boston Blackie.	Boston Blackie and the Law	Chester Morris
cast member	Captain Apache is an acid western film starring Lee Van Cleef, Carroll Baker and Stuart Whitman.	Captain Apache	Lee Van Cleef	Carroll Baker	Stuart Whitman
cast member	26 Summer Street is a 1996 short film directed by Steve Larson, conceived and written by Peter Syvertsen, starring Syvertsen and Rachael Leigh Cook.	26 Summer Street	Rachael Leigh Cook
cast member	Atorrante is a 1939 Argentine film directed and written by Enrique de Rosas with Vicente Martínez Cuitiño.The film starred Enrique DeRosas and Irma Córdoba.	Atorrante	Irma Córdoba
cast member	Mother Is a Freshman is a 1949 comedy motion picture directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Loretta Young and Van Johnson.	Mother Is a Freshman	Loretta Young	Van Johnson
cast member	Michael and Mary was a 1931 British drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Elizabeth Allan, Edna Best, Frank Lawton, and Herbert Marshall.	Michael and Mary	Edna Best	Frank Lawton	Herbert Marshall
cast member	Bhole Shankar is a 2008 Bhopuri-language Indian feature film directed by Pankaj Shukla and produced by Gulshan Bhatia, starring Mithun Chakraborty and Manoj Tiwari in lead roles.	Bhole Shankar	Mithun Chakraborty	Manoj Tiwari
cast member	The Big Circus is a 1959 film starring Victor Mature as a circus owner struggling with financial trouble and a murderous unknown saboteur.	The Big Circus	Victor Mature
cast member	Hikk Naal is a Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill, sam sohi (making his acting debut), Mahie Gill, Rana Ranbir & Binnu Dhillon.	Hikk Naal	Amrinder Gill
cast member	My Nanny's Secret (previously ``A Nanny's Secret'') is a Lifetime Channel original Thriller/Mystery/Crime movie starring Haylie Duff and directed by Douglas Jackson.	My Nanny's Secret	Haylie Duff
cast member	Paramaatma is a 1994 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bapu, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Juhi Chawla, Amrish Puri and Anjana Mumtaz	Paramaatma	Mithun Chakraborty	Juhi Chawla	Amrish Puri
cast member	Country Strong (originally titled Love Don't Let Me Down) is a 2010 drama film starring Gwyneth Paltrow, Tim McGraw, Garrett Hedlund, and Leighton Meester.	Country Strong	Gwyneth Paltrow	Tim McGraw	Garrett Hedlund	Leighton Meester
cast member	Tepepa (also known as Long Live the Revolution and Blood and Guns) is an Italian Zapata-themed spaghetti western film starring Tomas Milian and Orson Welles.	Tepepa	Orson Welles
cast member	The Gunfighter is a 1950 American Western film starring Gregory Peck, Helen Westcott, Millard Mitchell and Karl Malden (resuming his film career after a three year hiatus).	The Gunfighter	Gregory Peck	Helen Westcott	Millard Mitchell	Karl Malden
cast member	Mr. Pellikoduku (English: Mr. Bride Groom) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Devi Prasad starring Sunil and Isha Chawla in the lead roles.	Mr. Pellikoduku	Sunil	Isha Chawla
cast member	Hot Saturday is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Nancy Carroll, Cary Grant, and Randolph Scott.	Hot Saturday	Nancy Carroll	Cary Grant	Randolph Scott
cast member	Half Shot at Sunrise is a 1930 American comedy film starring the comedy duo Wheeler & Woolsey and Dorothy Lee.	Half Shot at Sunrise	Dorothy Lee
cast member	The Adventures of Tarzan (1921) is a 15 chapter movie serial which features the third and final appearance of Elmo Lincoln as Tarzan.	The Adventures of Tarzan	Elmo Lincoln
cast member	Long Arm of the Godfather (Italian: La mano lunga del padrino) is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Nardo Bonomi and starring Adolfo Celi.	Long Arm of the Godfather	Adolfo Celi
cast member	Celebrity Scissorhands is a reality show that is part of the BBC's Children in Need charity campaign, in which celebrities attempt to cut people's hair to raise money for the campaign while trained and watched by professional hairdresser Lee Stafford.	Celebrity Scissorhands	Lee Stafford
cast member	Rakta Golapa is an Odia romantic tragedy released on 9 November 1977, starring Suresh Mahapatra, Banaja Mohanty, Sriram Panda, Radha Panda and Ramesh Panigrahi.	Rakta Golapa	Banaja Mohanty	Sriram Panda
cast member	The pregnant Jessabelle ``Jessie'' Laurent (Sarah Snook) is about to move to her fiancé, Mark's (Brian Hallisay) house when their car is hit by a truck, killing Mark and causing Jessie's miscarriage.	Jessabelle	Brian Hallisay
cast member	Pennington's Choice is a 1915 silent film drama directed by William Bowman and starring Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne a popular film acting team of the era.	Pennington's Choice	Francis X. Bushman
cast member	The Anomaly is a 2014 British science fiction action thriller film directed and co-produced by and starring Noel Clarke and also featuring Ian Somerhalder and Luke Hemsworth.	The Anomaly	Noel Clarke	Ian Somerhalder	Luke Hemsworth
cast member	The Trials of O'Brien is a 1965 television series starring Peter Falk as a sordid Shakespeare-quoting lawyer and featuring Elaine Stritch as his secretary and Joanna Barnes as his ex-wife.	The Trials of O'Brien	Peter Falk	Elaine Stritch	Joanna Barnes
cast member	Women's Enemy is a 2013 Chinese inspirational film directed and written by Guan Xiaojie, starring Zhao Yihuan, Wen Zhuo, Chen Ou, Liu Huipu, Qiu Xiaochan, Wang Mengting, and Wen Mengyang.	Women's Enemy	Zhao Yihuan
cast member	The Transformation of Dr. Bessel (German:Dr. Bessels Verwandlung ) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Jakob Tiedtke, Sophie Pagay and Hans Stüwe.	The Transformation of Dr. Bessel	Jakob Tiedtke
cast member	Variety Jubilee is a 1943 British historical musical film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Reginald Purdell, Ellis Irving and Lesley Brook.	Variety Jubilee	Reginald Purdell	Ellis Irving	Lesley Brook
cast member	Punjabian Da King is a 2015 Punjabi Action Drama film directed by Manduip Singh and produced by Surender Singh Starring Navraj Hans, Keeya khanna, Bhanu Sri Mehra,Jarnail Singh,Shivendra Mahal, Bhottu Shah, Hobby Dhalliwal, Bunny & others.	Punjabian Da King	Navraj Hans
cast member	Night of the Demons 2 is a 1994 American horror film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Amelia Kinkade, Cristi Harris, Rick Peters, Jennifer Rhodes and Christine Taylor.	Night of the Demons 2	Amelia Kinkade	Christine Taylor
cast member	Web of Suspicion is a 1959 British crime film from the Danziger Brothers, directed by Max Varnel, and starring Philip Friend and Susan Beaumont.	Web of Suspicion	Philip Friend
cast member	Maseeha (English: said to describe 'Jesus Christ'as (the divinely angel;a person who cures others like a doctor), is a 2002 Hindi Indian film written by Pradeep Ghatak and directed by Partho Ghosh. The film stars Sunil Shetty and Namrata Shirodkar.	Maseeha	Sunil Shetty	Namrata Shirodkar
cast member	Une idylle à la ferme is a 1912 French short film written and directed by and starring Max Linder.	Une idylle à la ferme	Max Linder
cast member	Bette Davis as Bunny O'Hare Ernest Borgnine as Bill Green Jack Cassidy as Lieutenant Greeley Jay Robinson as John C. Rupert Joan Delaney as R.J. Hart John Astin as Ad Reva Rose as Lulu	Bunny O'Hare	Jack Cassidy	John Astin
cast member	Cohen and Tate (also known as Cohen & Tate) is a 1989 American thriller film written and directed by Eric Red and starring Roy Scheider, Adam Baldwin and Harley Cross.	Cohen and Tate	Roy Scheider	Adam Baldwin	Harley Cross
cast member	Old Mother Riley's New Venture is a low-budget black-and-white 1949 British comedy film, starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane.	Old Mother Riley's New Venture	Arthur Lucan
cast member	The Three Swordsmen is a 1994 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Andy Lau, Brigitte Lin and Elvis Tsui in the roles of the titular swordsmen.	The Three Swordsmen	Andy Lau	Brigitte Lin	Elvis Tsui
cast member	Play Misty for Me is a 1971 American psychological thriller film, directed by and starring Clint Eastwood, in his directorial debut.	Play Misty for Me	Clint Eastwood
cast member	Red Shirley is a short documentary film directed by Lou Reed.	Red Shirley	Lou Reed
cast member	House of Boys is a 2009 Luxembourgian-German drama film directed and written by Jean-Claude Schlim, starring Layke Anderson, Benn Northover and Udo Kier.	House of Boys	Layke Anderson	Benn Northover	Udo Kier
cast member	Jhinder Bandi (Bengali: ঝিন্দের বন্দী;English:Prisoner of Jhind) is a 1961 Indian Bengali fictional historical drama film directed by Tapan Sinha, starring Uttam Kumar, Soumitra Chatterjee, Arundhati Devi and Radhamohan Bhattacharya.	Jhinder Bandi	Uttam Kumar
cast member	Catherine the Last (German:Katharina, die Letzte) is a 1936 Austrian romantic comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Franciska Gaal, Hans Holt and Hans Olden.	Catherine the Last	Franciska Gaal	Hans Holt	Hans Olden
cast member	Desire and Hell at Sunset Motel is a 1992 neo-noir black comedy written and directed by Alien Castle and produced by Donald P. Borchers that film stars Sherilyn Fenn, Whip Hubley, David Hewlett, David Johansen and Paul Bartel.	Desire and Hell at Sunset Motel	Sherilyn Fenn
cast member	The Big Street is a 1942 American drama film, starring Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball, based on the short story ``Little Pinks'' by Damon Runyon, who also produced the movie.	The Big Street	Henry Fonda	Lucille Ball
cast member	Vaastu Prakaara (Kannada: ವಾಸ್ತು ಪ್ರಕಾರ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada language satirical comedy film directed by Yogaraj Bhat starring Rakshit Shetty, Jaggesh, Aishani Shetty and Parul Yadav in lead roles.	Vaastu Prakaara	Rakshit Shetty
cast member	Irandil Ondru is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Azhagappan, starring Ramki, Nadiya Moidu and Raghuvaran	Irandil Ondru	Ramki
cast member	Uptown Saturday Night is a 1974 comedy film written by Richard Wesley, and directed by Sidney Poitier, who also stars in this film, along with Bill Cosby and Harry Belafonte.	Uptown Saturday Night	Sidney Poitier	Bill Cosby	Harry Belafonte
cast member	Rajakeeyam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Saji, starring Babu Antony and Charmila in the lead roles.	Rajakeeyam	Babu Antony
cast member	A prequel to the 2005 film Long khong (Art of the Devil 2), Art of the Devil 3 fills in the back story of Miss Panor, portrayed by Napakpapha Nakprasitte, who turns to black magic to exact revenge upon her tormentors.	Art of the Devil 3	Napakpapha Nakprasitte
cast member	Tera Jadoo Chal Gayaa, (Hindi-तेरा जादू चल गया) (Your magical spell worked) is a Bollywood movie released in 2000 starring Abhishek Bachchan and Kirti Reddy in leading roles.	Tera Jadoo Chal Gayaa	Abhishek Bachchan
cast member	A Woman in Flames (Die flambierte Frau, literally ``The Flambéed Woman'') is a German drama film from 1983, directed by Robert van Ackeren, starring Gudrun Landgrebe, Mathieu Carrière, and Hanns Zischler.	A Woman in Flames	Gudrun Landgrebe	Mathieu Carrière	Hanns Zischler
cast member	Laser Mission is a 1989 American action film directed by BJ Davis, starring Brandon Lee and Ernest Borgnine.	Laser Mission	Brandon Lee	Ernest Borgnine
cast member	Garjanai is a 1981 Tamil language film directed by C. V. Rajendran starring Rajinikanth and Madhavi in the lead roles.	Garjanai	Rajinikanth	Madhavi
cast member	Chosen Survivors is a 1974 science fiction/horror film directed by Sutton Roley and starring Alex Cord and Jackie Cooper.	Chosen Survivors	Alex Cord	Jackie Cooper
cast member	The Interpreter is a 2005 political thriller film starring Nicole Kidman, Sean Penn, Catherine Keener, and Jesper Christensen.	The Interpreter	Nicole Kidman	Sean Penn	Catherine Keener	Jesper Christensen
cast member	The Little Brother is a 1917 American silent drama directed by Charles Miller and starring William Garwood and Australian actress Enid Bennett.	The Little Brother	William Garwood	Enid Bennett
cast member	Avenging Waters is a 1936 western starring Ken Maynard, Beth Marion, Ward Bond and John Elliott.	Avenging Waters	Ken Maynard	Beth Marion	Ward Bond
cast member	The Man I Married (alternative title I Married a Nazi) is a 1940 drama film starring Joan Bennett and Francis Lederer.	The Man I Married	Joan Bennett	Francis Lederer
cast member	In Her Line of Fire is a 2006 film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Mariel Hemingway, David Keith, David Millbern and Jill Bennett.	In Her Line of Fire	Mariel Hemingway	David Keith	Jill Bennett
cast member	Angels One Five is a 1952 British film directed by George More O'Ferrall, and starring Jack Hawkins, Michael Denison, Dulcie Gray, John Gregson, Cyril Raymond and Veronica Hurst.	Angels One Five	Jack Hawkins	Michael Denison	Dulcie Gray	John Gregson
cast member	Jaatishwar is a 2014 Indian Bengali musical drama film directed by Srijit Mukherji, starring Prosenjit Chatterjee, Jisshu Sengupta and Swastika Mukherjee.	Jaatishwar	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	Night of Terror is a 1933 American Pre-Code horror film directed by Benjamin Stoloff, and starring Bela Lugosi, Sally Blane, Wallace Ford, and Tully Marshall.	Night of Terror	Bela Lugosi	Sally Blane	Wallace Ford	Tully Marshall
cast member	Among the four Academy Awards that Anthony Adverse won, Gale Sondergaard was awarded the inaugural Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role as Faith Paleologus.	Anthony Adverse	Gale Sondergaard
cast member	Nausherwan-E-Adil (Nausherwan, The Just) also called Farz Aur Mohabbat, is a 1957 costume action drama Hindi/Urdu film directed by Sohrab Modi.	Nausherwan-E-Adil	Sohrab Modi
cast member	Rough Riders' Round-up is a 1939 American film directed by Joseph Kane starring Roy Rogers.	Rough Riders' Round-up	Roy Rogers
cast member	Mickey's Eleven is a 1927 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney.	Mickey's Eleven	Mickey Rooney
cast member	Spider-Man co-creator Stan Lee has a cameo in Spider-Man 3, as he does in many Marvel-based films.	Spider-Man 3	Stan Lee
cast member	King and Country (stylised as King & Country) is a 1964 British war film directed by Joseph Losey, shot in black and white, and starring Dirk Bogarde and Tom Courtenay.	King and Country	Dirk Bogarde	Tom Courtenay
cast member	Simply Terrific is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Claude Hulbert, Reginald Purdell and Patricia Medina.	Simply Terrific	Claude Hulbert
cast member	Abhinandana (English: Congratulations) is a 1988 Telugu, romance film starring Karthik Muthuraman, Shobana and Sarath Babu.	Abhinandana	Karthik	Shobana	Sarath Babu
cast member	The Woman in the Window is a 1944 film noir directed by Fritz Lang that tells the story of psychology professor Richard Wanley (Edward G. Robinson) who meets and becomes enamored of a young femme fatale.	The Woman in the Window	Edward G. Robinson
cast member	The Andy Warhol Story (1966) is an underground film directed by Andy Warhol with cinematography by Paul Morrissey, and starring Edie Sedgwick and Rene Ricard (as Andy Warhol).	The Andy Warhol Story	Edie Sedgwick
cast member	A Business Affair is a 1994 romantic comedy film directed by Charlotte Brandstrom and starring Carole Bouquet.	A Business Affair	Carole Bouquet
cast member	Two Bits & Pepper is a 1995 family comedy about two young ladies who learn an important lesson thanks to TWO kidnappers, BOTH played by Joe Piscopo.	Two Bits & Pepper	Joe Piscopo
cast member	Nippu (Fire) is a 2012 Telugu-language film, directed by Gunasekhar, starring Ravi Teja and Deeksha Seth in the lead.	Nippu	Ravi Teja
cast member	Aathmakatha (English:Autobiography) is a 2010 Malayalam film written and directed by debutant Premlal starring Sreenivasan, Shafna, Sharbani Mukherjee and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles.	Aathmakatha	Sreenivasan	Sharbani Mukherjee	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	3 Chains o' Gold is a 1994 direct-to-video film produced and directed by Prince and starring Prince and The New Power Generation.	3 Chains o' Gold	Prince	The New Power Generation
cast member	Varietease is a 1954 American burlesque documentary film and the first such directed by Irving Klaw.	Varietease	Irving Klaw
cast member	According to Spencer is a 2001 film starring Jesse Bradford, Mia Kirshner, David Krumholtz, Adam Goldberg, and Brad Rowe.	According to Spencer	Jesse Bradford	Mia Kirshner	David Krumholtz	Adam Goldberg
cast member	The No Mercy Man (also known as Bad Man, Trained to Kill, and Trained to Kill USA) is a 1973 action film with elements of a modern-day Western starring Steve Sandor, Rockne Tarkington, Sid Haig, Ron Thompson, Mike Lane, and Richard X. Slattery.	The No Mercy Man	Steve Sandor	Rockne Tarkington	Sid Haig	Ron Thompson	Mike Lane	Richard X. Slattery
cast member	Good Advice is a 2001 comedy film starring Charlie Sheen, Angie Harmon, and Denise Richards.	Good Advice	Charlie Sheen	Angie Harmon	Denise Richards
cast member	Crimewave is a 1986 American comedy film directed by Sam Raimi written by him and the Coen brothers, and starring Louise Lasser, Paul L. Smith, Brion James, Sheree J. Wilson, Edward R. Pressman, Bruce Campbell, and Reed Birney, with Campbell also serving as a producer.	Crimewave	Louise Lasser	Paul L. Smith	Brion James	Sheree J. Wilson	Edward R. Pressman	Bruce Campbell	Reed Birney
cast member	The Life of Wu Xun (simplified Chinese: 武训传; traditional Chinese: 武訓傳; pinyin: Wǔ Xùn Zhuàn) is a 1950 Chinese film directed by Sun Yu and starring Zhao Dan.	The Life of Wu Xun	Zhao Dan
cast member	Live at the Ventura Beach California is a concert of Eric Burdon with Robby Krieger and several other musicians.	Live at the Ventura Beach California	Eric Burdon	Robby Krieger
cast member	Soccer's Hard Men is a 1992 football video by Video Vision, presented by then-footballer and current actor Vinnie Jones.	Soccer's Hard Men	Vinnie Jones
cast member	Me at the Zoo (stylized as ME @ THE ZOO) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Chris Moukarbel and Valerie Veatch and starring Chris Crocker.	Me at the Zoo	Chris Crocker
cast member	Not with My Wife, You Don't! is a 1966 comedy film starred by Tony Curtis, Virna Lisi and George C. Scott.	Not with My Wife, You Don't!	Tony Curtis	Virna Lisi	George C. Scott
cast member	The Third Nail is a drama crime film directed by Kevin Lewis, starring Huntley Ritter, Krista Allen, Charles S. Dutton and Chloë Grace Moretz.	The Third Nail	Huntley Ritter	Krista Allen	Charles S. Dutton	Chloë Grace Moretz
cast member	Drömsemester is a 1952 Swedish film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer.	Drömsemester	Gösta Bernhard	Dirch Passer
cast member	Somewhere in France is a 1916 silent era war espionage drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum and Howard C. Hickman.	Somewhere in France	Louise Glaum
cast member	Cleopatra Jones is a 1973 American blaxploitation action comedy film starring Tamara Dobson, Bernie Casey, Shelley Winters and Antonio Fargas.	Cleopatra Jones	Tamara Dobson	Bernie Casey	Shelley Winters	Antonio Fargas
cast member	Opened by Mistake is a 1940 film starring Charles Ruggles and Janice Logan.	Opened by Mistake	Charles Ruggles
cast member	Fifty Shades of Black is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans, who also co-wrote and co-produced the film.	Fifty Shades of Black	Marlon Wayans
cast member	The Guns of Loos is a 1928 British silent war film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Henry Victor, Madeleine Carroll, and Bobby Howes.	The Guns of Loos	Henry Victor	Madeleine Carroll	Bobby Howes
cast member	Apoorvaragam is the story of three youngsters Roopesh (Nishan ), Nancy (Nithya Menen) and Tommy (Asif Ali).	Apoorvaragam	Nithya Menen
cast member	Cow Belles is a 2006 romantic teen comedy film that stars American pop recording artists Alyson Michalka and Amanda Michalka, better known as sister duo Aly & AJ.	Cow Belles	Alyson Michalka	Amanda Michalka
cast member	The Slams is a 1973 film directed by Jonathan Kaplan starring Jim Brown.	The Slams	Jim Brown
cast member	The Big I Am is a British gangster film starring Michael Madsen and Leo Gregory which was released straight to DVD on 8 April 2010.	The Big I Am	Michael Madsen	Leo Gregory
cast member	Savaale Samali (English: Manage The Challenge) is a 1971 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan in the lead role of a protagonist.	Savaale Samali	Sivaji Ganesan
cast member	Thea Roland or The Adventure of Thea Roland (German:Das Abenteuer der Thea Roland) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Lil Dagover, Hans Rehmann and Margarete Kupfer.	Thea Roland	Lil Dagover
cast member	Through Darkened Vales is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.	Through Darkened Vales	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Venghai (English: Tiger) is a 2011 Tamil action-masala film directed by Hari, starring Dhanush and Tamannaah.	Venghai	Dhanush
cast member	Ek Chitthi Pyar Bhari is a 1985 Hindi Drama film, starring Raj Babbar and Reena Roy and directed by Vijay Sadanah.	Ek Chitthi Pyar Bhari	Raj Babbar
cast member	The Unmasking is a 1914 American silent short film starring William Garwood, Harry De Vere, Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Louise Lester, Charlotte Burton, and Harry Van Meter.	The Unmasking	William Garwood	Harry De Vere	Jack Richardson Vivian Rich	Louise Lester	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Bride's Play is a 1922 American silent film produced by William Randolph Hearst as a starring vehicle for his paramour Marion Davies.	Bride's Play	Marion Davies
cast member	I Love You Phillip Morris is a 2009 black comedy drama film based on the 1980s and '90s real-life story of con artist, impostor, and multiple prison escapee Steven Jay Russell, as played by Jim Carrey.	I Love You Phillip Morris	Jim Carrey
cast member	The Life of Reilly is a 2006 American film adaptation of actor Charles Nelson Reilly's one-man play ``Save It For the Stage:	The Life of Reilly	Charles Nelson Reilly
cast member	A Girl's Folly is a 1917 silent comedy film starring Robert Warwick, Doris Kenyon, June Elvidge, Jane Adair, Chester Barnett and Johnny Hines.	A Girl's Folly	Robert Warwick	Doris Kenyon	Chester Barnett
cast member	Joy and the Dragon is a surviving 1916 silent film directed by Henry King and starring himself and 'Baby' Marie Osborne.	Joy and the Dragon	Henry King	Baby' Marie Osborne
cast member	Curse of the Black Widow is a made-for-television horror film, by Dan Curtis, and starring Anthony Franciosa, Donna Mills, Patty Duke, Vic Morrow, and June Allyson.	Curse of the Black Widow	Anthony Franciosa	Donna Mills	Vic Morrow	June Allyson
cast member	The Doctor and the Girl (1949) is a drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Glenn Ford.	The Doctor and the Girl	Glenn Ford
cast member	A Japanese Idyll is a 1912 silent short drama film directed by and starring Lois Weber.	A Japanese Idyll	Lois Weber
cast member	Most questioned the appropriateness of the title House of Joy when there were too many emotional scenes for the character which Ivy Lee portrayed.	House of Joy	Ivy Lee
cast member	Shanti Enathu Shanti is a Tamil film released in 1991, directed and produced by T. Rajendar.	Shanti Enathu Shanti	T. Rajendar
cast member	The Night Invader is a 1943 British, black-and-white, drama, thriller, war film, directed by Herbert Mason and starring Ronald Shiner as Witsen, Anne Crawford and David Farrar.	The Night Invader	Ronald Shiner	Anne Crawford	David Farrar
cast member	Vellathooval is a 2009 Malayalam movie by I. V. Sasi and also last film done by him, starring Rejith Menon, Nithya Menon and Lalu Alex.	Vellathooval	Rejith Menon	Lalu Alex
cast member	Lead guitarist and vocalist of Green Day, Billie Joe Armstrong told Billboard that their aim for ¡Cuatro! as a documentary was ``not going to be the sitting down, head shot of me going, 'We started out blah blah blah'.	¡Cuatro!	Billie Joe Armstrong
cast member	Maria the Maid (German:Maria, die Magd) is a 1936 German drama film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Hilde Körber, Hilde Hildebrand and Alfred Abel.	Maria the Maid	Hilde Körber
cast member	The Night the Bridge Fell Down is an American action film starring James MacArthur, Desi Arnaz Jr., and Leslie Nielsen.	The Night the Bridge Fell Down	James MacArthur
cast member	Boundaries of the Heart is a 1988 film starring Wendy Hughes.	Boundaries of the Heart	Wendy Hughes
cast member	A Holy Terror is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western movie starring George O'Brien, Sally Eilers, Rita La Roy, and Humphrey Bogart.	A Holy Terror	George O'Brien	Sally Eilers	Humphrey Bogart
cast member	Prem Nazir as Aromalunni Prem Nazir as Kunjiraman Sheela Ravichandran as Kannappanunni Ravichandran as Chandrappan Vijayasree Kaviyoor Ponnamma Adoor Bhasi Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair Manavalan Joseph Adoor Pankajam Alummoodan GK Pillai K. P. Ummer as Thampikkutti Kaduvakulam Antony Paravoor Bharathan as Thirumeni Ragini S. P. Pillai as Paanan	Aromalunni	Vijayasree	Adoor Bhasi	K. P. Ummer	Ragini
cast member	Atomic Twister is an original television film starring Sharon Lawrence and Mark-Paul Gosselaar that was first aired in 2002 on TBS.	Atomic Twister	Sharon Lawrence
cast member	The Disorderly Orderly is a 1964 American comedy film released by Paramount Pictures, and starring Jerry Lewis.	The Disorderly Orderly	Jerry Lewis
cast member	Tamaar Padaar is a 2014 Malayalam satirical comedy film, scripted and directed by Dileesh Nair, starring Prithviraj Sukumaran Baburaj, Chemban Vinod and Srinda Ashab in pivotal roles.	Tamaar Padaar	Prithviraj Sukumaran
cast member	Good Times was intended to be a vehicle for Esther Rolle and John Amos.	Good Times	Esther Rolle	John Amos
cast member	Christmas Town is a 2008 direct-to-video film starring Nicole de Boer and Patrick Muldoon.	Christmas Town	Nicole de Boer	Patrick Muldoon
cast member	She Got What She Wanted is an early talking film comedy-drama directed by James Cruze and starring his actress wife Betty Compson.	She Got What She Wanted	Betty Compson
cast member	Vittorio (Franco Citti), nicknamed ``Accattone'' (meaning 'beggar' in Italian), leads a mostly serene life as a pimp until his prostitute, Maddalena, is hurt by his rivals and sent to prison.	Accattone	Franco Citti
cast member	Brigitte et Brigitte is a 1966 French feature-length film written and directed by Cahiers du cinéma film critic Luc Moullet.	Brigitte et Brigitte	Luc Moullet
cast member	Woman Times Seven (Sette Volte Donna in Italian) is a 1967 Italian/French/American co-production anthology film of seven different episodes, all starring Shirley MacLaine, most of them based on aspects of adultery.	Woman Times Seven	Shirley MacLaine
cast member	John Vernon as Steve Wojeck Patricia Collins as Marty Wojeck Ted Follows as Crown Attorney Arnold (Arnie) Bateman Carl Banas as Sgt. Bryon James Jennifer Dale played Wojeck's daughter in the 1992 TV movie.	Wojeck	John Vernon
cast member	Bør Børson II is a 1976 Norwegian musical film directed by Stein-Roger Bull, starring Rolv Wesenlund and Britt Langlie.	Bør Børson II	Rolv Wesenlund	Britt Langlie
cast member	The Hand That Feeds the Dead (Italian: La mano che nutre la morte, also known as Evil Face) is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Klaus Kinski.	The Hand That Feeds the Dead	Klaus Kinski
cast member	The Woman Who Dared (French title:Le Ciel est à vous) (English: The Sky is Yours) is a 1944 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon and starring Madeleine Renaud and Charles Vanel.	The Woman Who Dared	Madeleine Renaud
cast member	Pandippada is a 2005 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin, starring Dileep, Navya Nair, and Prakash Raj in the lead roles.	Pandippada	Dileep	Navya Nair	Prakash Raj
cast member	Aitraaz features Amrish Puri, Paresh Rawal and Annu Kapoor in supporting roles.	Aitraaz	Amrish Puri	Paresh Rawal
child	Fjölnir was then succeeded by his son Sveigðir.	Fjölnir	Sveigðir
child	Peter Jefferson (February 29, 1708 -- August 17, 1757) was the father of US President Thomas Jefferson (1743--1826).	Peter Jefferson	Thomas Jefferson
child	Domingo Bordaberry's son Juan María Bordaberry served with him in a prominent Ruralist organization and later became President of Uruguay in 1972.	Domingo Bordaberry	Juan María Bordaberry
child	The Homeric Hymn to Pythian Apollo makes the monster Typhaon the offspring of archaic Hera in her Minoan form, produced out of herself, like a monstrous version of Hephaestus, and whelped in a cave in Cilicia.	Hera	Hephaestus
child	They have two sons, Paul Crouch, Jr. and Matthew Crouch.	Paul Crouch	Matthew Crouch
child	Carl August Walther Sommerlath (22 January 1901 -- 21 October 1990) was a German businessman and the father of Queen Silvia of Sweden.	Walther Sommerlath	Queen Silvia of Sweden
child	Polyeidos According to a scholiast on Homer' s Iliad, Polyeidos had two sons, Euchenor and Cleitus, by Eurydameia, daughter of Phyleus.	Polyeidos	Euchenor
child	Eventually, Yuan Lang's son Yuan Huangtou was permitted to inherit the title of Prince of Anding.	Yuan Lang	Yuan Huangtou
child	In the Aeneid, Hyrtacus is credited with two more sons, Nisus and Hippocoon.	Hyrtacus	Nisus
child	Bai Yun has since given birth to five other cubs, Mei Sheng (2003), Su Lin (2005), Zhen Zhen (2007), Yun Zi (2009), and Xiao Liwu (2012), all via natural mating.	Bai Yun	Su Lin	Yun Zi	Xiao Liwu
child	Emperor Daizong of Tang (9 January 727 -- 23 May 779), personal name Li Yu (李豫) (name changed in 758 after being created crown prince), né Li Chu (李俶), was an emperor of the Chinese Tang Dynasty.	Emperor Daizong of Tang	Li Yu
child	Several stone vessel inscriptions mention Hotepsekhemwy along with the name of his successor Raneb.	Hotepsekhemwy	Raneb
child	Astaman had a son, Lilik Sudjio, in 1930;	Astaman	Lilik Sudjio
child	Eliphalet Remington was married to Abigail Paddock, and they had three sons, Philo Remington, Eliphalet Remington III, and Samuel Remington, all of whom followed their father into the family business.	Eliphalet Remington	Philo Remington
child	They had two sons, Harry Elkins Widener (1885-1912), George Dunton Widener, Jr. (1889-1971), and a daughter, Eleanor Widener Dixon (1891-1953).	George Dunton Widener	Harry Elkins Widener
child	Since Dausprungas is the only known brother of Mindaugas, Mindaugas' nephews Edivydas and Tautvilas are presumed to be his sons.	Dausprungas	Tautvilas
child	Marie Marguerite, Duchess of Anjou (née María Margarita Vargas Santaella; born 21 October 1983) is a Venezuelan heiress and wife of Louis Alphonse of Bourbon, Duke of Anjou, who is considered by Legitimists to be the head of the French Royal House making Marie Marguerite the Legitimist titular queen consort of France.	Marie Marguerite, Duchess of Anjou	Alphonse of Bourbon
child	Magnus Davidsohn's daughter, Ilse Stanley, saved hundreds of Jews from concentration camps, and was the author of the book The Unforgotten (Beacon Press, 1957), a memoir of Weimar Germany and the Nazi years.	Magnus Davidsohn	Ilse Stanley
child	Osbern the Steward, known in French as Osbern de Crépon († about 1040), was the Steward of two Dukes of Normandy and the father of William FitzOsbern, 1st Earl of Hereford, one of William the Conqueror's closest counsellors.	Osbern the Steward	William FitzOsbern, 1st Earl of Hereford
child	William Richardson Belknap (March 28, 1849 -- June 2, 1914), was the son of William Burke Belknap the elder and Mary Richardson.	William Richardson Belknap	William Burke Belknap
child	From this point on, Sima Daozi trusted no one but his teenage heir apparent, Sima Yuanxian, and entrusted the capital guards to Sima Yuanxian.	Sima Daozi	Sima Yuanxian
child	When Noah was five hundred years old, he begat Shem, Ham and Japheth (Genesis 5:32).	Noah	Shem	Ham	Japheth
child	Turbolad Ulusbold Arsubolad Barsubolad Töröltu (Gegeen abuhai) Ochirbolad Alchubolad Albolad Dayan Khan Batumongke and Jimsgene's children included:	Dayan Khan	Turbolad
child	Leonor Acevedo Suárez (1876--1975) was the mother of the Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges, and a major figure in his life and work.	Leonor Acevedo Suárez	Jorge Luis Borges
child	Finally, the Red Banner was run by Nurhaci's second son Daišan.	Nurhaci	Daišan
conflict	Gustav Leffers (2 January 1895 --27 December 1916) was a German flying ace in World War I, credited with 9 victories.	Gustav Leffers	World War I
conflict	Heinz Haag (19 December 1918 -- 5 April 1994) was a German naval officer and Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Heinz Haag	World War II
conflict	Hezbollah reportedly used Toophan missiles against Israeli Merkava tanks during the 2006 Lebanon War.	Toophan	2006 Lebanon War
conflict	Hans Christian Heg (21 December 1829 -- 20 September 1863) was a Norwegian-American politician and soldier in the American Civil War from Wisconsin.	Hans Christian Heg	American Civil War
conflict	The M-63 Plamen was widely used during the Yugoslav Wars.	M-63 Plamen	Yugoslav Wars
conflict	Dr. Rufus Hessberg was an Army Medical Corps doctor during World War II and later was a pioneer aeromedical scientist.	Rufus Hessberg	World War II
conflict	The Burnside carbine was a breech-loading carbine that saw widespread use during the American Civil War.	Burnside carbine	American Civil War
conflict	Henry Winslow Woollett DSO, MC & Bar (5 August 1895 -- 31 October 1969) was a World War I fighter ace who scored 35 victories and continued to serve in the Royal Air Force during the 1920s.	Henry Winslow Woollett	World War I
conflict	Major Shaitan Singh Bhati, PVC (1 December 1924 - 18 November 1962) was an Indian Army officer, who was awarded Param Vir Chakra, the highest wartime gallantry medal, posthumously, for his leadership and courage during the Sino-Indian War of 1962.	Shaitan Singh	Sino-Indian War
conflict	Dirk Pitt received a commendation for shooting down Admiral Sandecker's plane during the Vietnam War.	Dirk Pitt	Vietnam War
constellation	HD 154345 (Gliese 651) is a G-type dwarf star located in northern Hercules.	HD 154345	Hercules
constellation	HD 149989 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 149989	Ara
constellation	The Red Square Nebula is a celestial object located in the area of the sky occupied by star MWC 922 in the constellation Serpens.	Red Square Nebula	Serpens
constellation	HD 60532 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 84 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis, orbiting the star HD 60532.	HD 60532 c	Puppis
constellation	Gliese 673 is an orange dwarf star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	Gliese 673	Ophiuchus
constellation	HD 82785 is star in the southern constellation of Antlia.	HD 82785	Antlia
constellation	HD 217107 (6 G. Piscium) is a yellow subgiant star approximately 65 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Pisces (the Fish).	HD 217107	Pisces
constellation	NGC 7424 is a barred spiral galaxy located 37.5 million light-years away in the southern constellation Grus (the Crane).	NGC 7424	Grus
constellation	Phi Herculis (φ Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	Phi Herculis	Hercules
constellation	HD 175443 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra, approximately 410 light years away from Earth.	HD 175443	Lyra
constellation	HD 45652 is a G8-K0 star located in the constellation Monoceros.	HD 45652	Monoceros
constellation	Messier 52 (also known as M 52 or NGC 7654) is an open cluster in the Cassiopeia constellation.	Messier 52	Cassiopeia
constellation	119 Tauri (CE Tau) is a star in the constellation Taurus.	119 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	82 G. Eridani (HD 20794, HR 1008, e Eridani) is a star about 20 light years away from Earth in the constellation Eridanus.	82 G. Eridani	Eridanus
constellation	HD 102272 is a K-type giant star approximately 800 light-years away in the constellation of Leo.	HD 102272	Leo
constellation	HD 83183, also known as h Carinae (h Car) is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 83183	Carina
constellation	86 Aquarii (abbreviated 86 Aqr) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	86 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	IC 1517 is an elliptical galaxy, of apparent magnitude +13.8, in the constellation Pisces.	IC 1517	Pisces
constellation	HD 4391 is a triple star system in the constellation Phoenix that is located at a distance of 48.7 light years from the Sun. The primary has a stellar classification of G3V, which is a G-type main sequence star.	HD 4391	Phoenix
constellation	HR 8799 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 129 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus, orbiting the 6th magnitude Lambda Boötis star HR 8799.	HR 8799 b	Pegasus
constellation	HD 96919, also known by its Bayer designation of z2 Carinae and variable star designation of V371 Carinae, is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 96919	Carina
constellation	HD 92788 is a G-type star located approximately 107 light-years away in the constellation of Sextans.	HD 92788	Sextans
constellation	HD 65216 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 116 light-years away in the constellation of Carina, orbiting the star HD 65216.	HD 65216 b	Carina
constellation	HD 178233 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra, approximately 133 light years from Earth.	HD 178233	Lyra
constellation	NGC 404 is a field galaxy located about 10 million light years away in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 404	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 5792 is a barred spiral galaxy about 83 million light-years away in the constellation Libra.	NGC 5792	Libra
constellation	WISE 1541−2250 (full designation WISEPA J154151.66−225025.2) is a sub-brown or brown dwarf of spectral class Y0.5, located in the constellation Libra at approximately 18.6 light-years from Earth.	WISE 1541−2250	Libra
constellation	HD 141569 is a blue-white dwarf star approximately 320 light-years away in the constellation of Libra.	HD 141569	Libra
constellation	HD 100777 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 172 light-years away in the constellation of Leo, orbiting the star HD 100777.	HD 100777 b	Leo
constellation	Messier 18 or M18 (also designated NGC 6613) is an open cluster of stars in the constellation Sagittarius.	Messier 18	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 4420 is an unbarred spiral galaxy located 77 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 4420	Virgo
constellation	NGC 3223 is a faint barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Antlia.	NGC 3223	Antlia
constellation	UGC 2885 is a spiral galaxy located 310 million light-years away in the constellation Perseus.	UGC 2885	Perseus
constellation	NGC 4517 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 40 million light-years away in the constellation of Virgo.	NGC 4517	Virgo
constellation	66 Tauri (66 Tau) is a star in the constellation Taurus.	66 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	HIP 5158 is a 10th magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 130 light years away in the constellation Cetus.	HIP 5158	Cetus
constellation	Gliese 832 b (Gl 832 b or GJ 832 b) is an extrasolar planet located approximately 16 light-years from our sun in the constellation of Grus, orbiting the red dwarf star Gliese 832.	Gliese 832 b	Grus
constellation	Kemble's Cascade (Kemble 1), located in the constellation Camelopardalis, is an asterism -- a pattern created by unrelated stars.	Kemble's Cascade	Camelopardalis
constellation	HD 129116, also known by its Bayer designation b Centauri (b Cen), is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 129116	Centaurus
constellation	The star HD 171978 is a spectroscopic binary in the constellation of Serpens.	HD 171978	Serpens
constellation	19 Aquarii (abbreviated 19 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	19 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 93250 is a highly luminous hot blue star in the Carina Nebula in the constellation Carina.	HD 93250	Carina
constellation	Gliese 588 is a nearby red dwarf star of spectral type M2.5, located in constellation Lupus at 19.34 light-years from Earth.	Gliese 588	Lupus
constellation	Tau Scorpii is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Scorpius.	Tau Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	WASP-17b is an exoplanet in the constellation Scorpius that is orbiting the star WASP-17.	WASP-17b	Scorpius
continent	Runcorn Glacier (72°3′S 62°42′W) is a glacier to the west of Hess Mountains in Antarctica.	Runcorn Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Schumann is a mountain rising to about 600 m (1,969 ft) southwest of the head of Brahms Inlet on the Beethoven Peninsula and lies 2 mi (3 km) northeast of Chopin Hill in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Schumann	Antarctica
continent	Lincoln Nunatak (67°27′S 68°43′W) is a snow-capped nunatak with a rocky west face, at the end of a ridge running westward from Mount Mangin on Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Lincoln Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	McKay Valley (79°53′S 156°40′E) is the central of three largely ice-free valleys that trend east from Midnight Plateau in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.	McKay Valley	Antarctica
continent	The Melsom Rocks (60°31′S 46°10′W) are a group of isolated rocks lying 2 nautical miles (4 km) north of the Despair Rocks and 7 nautical miles (13 km) west of Penguin Point, the northwest end of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica.	Melsom Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Morozumi Range (71°39′S 161°55′E) is a spectacular mountain range of unusual scenic beauty in Antarctica, extending northwest--southeast for 25 nautical miles (46 km), with its northern elevations overlooking the convergence of Gressitt Glacier and Rennick Glacier.	Morozumi Range	Antarctica
continent	Cape Danger is the rocky point forming the northwest extremity of the ice-free Desolation Island situated in the entrance to Hero Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cape Danger	Antarctica
continent	Husky Massif (71°0′S 65°9′E) is a rock outcrop 2,100 metres (6,900 ft) high, about 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) long, standing 6.5 nautical miles (12 km) southwest of Mount Bewsher in the Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Husky Massif	Antarctica
continent	Cape Cheetham (70°18′S 162°42′E) is an ice-covered cape forming the northeast extremity of Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Cape Cheetham	Antarctica
continent	The Hardy Rocks (66°16′S 67°17′W) are insular rocks lying 2 nautical miles (4 km) west of DuBois Island, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Hardy Rocks	Antarctica
country	Meremäe (also known as Mihailova, Mihailovo) is a village in Võru County, southeastern Estonia.	Meremäe	Estonia
country	Tešanovci (Hungarian: Mezővár, Prekmurje Slovene (sometimes): Tišanovci) is a village immediately east of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Tešanovci	Slovenia
country	Hanger River (also transliterated Angar River) is a river in west central Ethiopia.	Hanger River	Ethiopia
country	The Shire of Glenelg is a local government area in the Barwon South West region of Victoria, Australia, located in the south-western part of the state.	Shire of Glenelg	Australia
country	Perugia railway station, also known as Perugia Fontivegge railway station (Italian: Stazione di Perugia; Stazione di Perugia Fontivegge) is the main station serving the city and comune of Perugia, in the region of Umbria, central Italy.	Perugia railway station	Italy
country	Op Luang National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติออบหลวง) is a national park in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Op Luang National Park	Thailand
country	Maçka (Greek: Ματσούκα Matsoúka, the ``club''; Laz: მაჩხა Maçxa) is a town and district of Trabzon Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Maçka	Turkey
country	Shirán is a town in Northern Peru, located in the district of Poroto in Trujillo Province of the region La Libertad.	Shirán	Peru
country	Masgareh (Persian: مسگره‎; also known as Qal``eh Mashkara) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 19 families.	Masgareh	Iran
country	Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DA-IICT), is a technological university located in Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India.	Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology	India
country	The Route nationale 12, or RN12, is a trunk road (nationale) in France connecting Paris with Brittany.	Route nationale 12	France
country	Kuchu-ye Khorzehreh (Persian: كوچو خرزهره‎, also Romanized as Kūchū-ye Khorzehreh) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kuchu-ye Khorzehreh	Iran
country	Atlético Club San Martín (popularly known as San Martín de Mendoza) is a football club from the city of San Martín in Mendoza Province, Argentina.	San Martín de Mendoza	Argentina
country	Amarasi was a traditional princedom in West Timor, in present-day Indonesia.	Amarasi	Indonesia
country	The Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) is a non-share capital provincial Crown corporation in Ontario, Canada.	Liquor Control Board of Ontario	Canada
country	Ethnographic Museum Artis (Dutch: Ethnographisch Museum Artis) was an ethnographic museum in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Ethnographic Museum Artis	Netherlands
country	The University of Hargeisa (UOH) is a public university located in Hargeisa, the capital of the northwestern Somaliland autonomous region of Somalia.	University of Hargeisa	Somalia
country	Joint Management Entrance Test (JMET) was an admission exam used by some institutes in India as the first step in the admission to postgraduate programs in management.	Joint Management Entrance Test	India
country	The Riga Metro (Latvian: Rīgas metro) was a planned metro system in Riga, Latvia, during the time of the Soviet Union.	Riga Metro	Latvia
country	Buffalo Lake Metis Settlement is a Metis settlement in northern Alberta, Canada within Smoky Lake County.	Buffalo Lake Metis Settlement	Canada
country	Mokrzyca Mała (mɔˈkʂɨt͡sa ˈmawa) (German: Klein Mokratz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mokrzyca Mała	Poland
country	Vollevannet is a freshwater lake in Kristiansand, between Gimlekollen and exit from the E18 to the Vest-Agder Museum Kristiansand and Ålefjær (county road 452) in Vest-Agder county, Norway.	Vollevannet	Norway
country	Parriwi Head Light, also known as Rosherville Light and Port Jackson Entrance Range Rear Light, is an active lighthouse located just off Parriwi Road, near Rosherville Reserve on the south side of Middle Harbour in Mosman, New South Wales, Australia.	Parriwi Head Light	Australia
country	Navai Mahalleh (Persian: نوائي محله‎, also Romanized as Navā’ī Maḩalleh; also known as Navā’ī Maḩalleh-ye Bozorg) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Navai Mahalleh	Iran
country	Brigadier Hector Eduardo Ruiz Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Brigadier Hector Eduardo Ruiz, IATA: SUZ, ICAO: SAZC) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres (2 mi) east-northeast of Coronel Suárez, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Brigadier Hector Eduardo Ruiz Airport	Argentina
country	Ranala is a town and taluka in the Nandurbar subdivision of Nandurbar district in Nashik division of Kandesh region of Maharashtra state in India.	Ranala	India
country	Balama is a town in Balama District of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique.	Balama	Mozambique
country	Parachinar (Urdu: پاڑاچنار‎, Pashto: پاړا چنار‎) is the capital of Kurram Agency, and the largest city of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Parachinar	Pakistan
country	Liftaya (Arabic: لفتايا‎, also spelled Laftaya) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs near Lake Homs.	Liftaya	Syria
country	Mount Karisimbi is an inactive volcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Mount Karisimbi	Rwanda
country	Zongoiri Natinga is a community in the Bawku West District of the Upper East Region of Ghana, to the northwest of a bend in the White Volta River.	Zongoiri	Ghana
country	Glonowo (ɡlɔˈnɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Glonowo	Poland
country	Ein Yahav Airfield (Hebrew: מנחת עין יהב‎), officially known as Sapir Airfield (מנחת ספיר), is a small desert airfield in southern Israel's Arabah between the Dead Sea and Eilat.	Ein Yahav Airfield	Israel
country	Chal Raz (Persian: چالرز‎, also Romanized as Chāl Raz) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chal Raz	Iran
country	Point Davenport Conservation Park is a protected area occupying Point Davenpoint, a headland between Foul Bay and Sturt Bay on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 19.8 kilometres (12.3 mi) south of Warooka.	Point Davenport Conservation Park	Australia
country	Ezhana Wolene (``Ezha and Wolene'') was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Ezhana Wolene	Ethiopia
country	Daba Gardens (``Daba Vari Thota'') is a neighborhood in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Daba Gardens	India
country	Budlewo (buˈdlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budlewo	Poland
country	The National University of Tainan (NUTN; Chinese: 國立臺南大學; pinyin: Guólì Táinán Dàxué) is a university in East District, Tainan, Taiwan.	National University of Tainan	Taiwan
country	The Coronado Bay is a body of water located on the southwestern Pacific coast of Costa Rica.	Coronado Bay	Costa Rica
country	Stettynskloof Dam is a combined earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Stettynskloof River in South Africa.	Stettynskloof Dam	South Africa
country	The Sinop Nuclear Power Plant (Turkish: Sinop Nükleer Enerji Santrali) is a planned nuclear plant located at Sinop in northern Turkey.	Sinop Nuclear Power Plant	Turkey
country	The Macagua Dam, officially known as Antonio José de Sucre, is an embankment dam with concrete gravity sections on the Caroní River in Ciudad Guayana, Bolívar State, Venezuela.	Macagua Dam	Venezuela
country	Jaśliska Landscape Park (Jaśliski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in south-eastern Poland, established in 1992.	Jaśliska Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Danish Revue Museum (Danish: Det Danske Revymuseum) is based in a former country house on Allégade in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Danish Revue Museum	Denmark
country	Syiah Kuala University (Indonesian: Universitas Syiah Kuala (Unsyiah)), founded on September 2, 1960, is the largest and the oldest national university in Banda Aceh, Indonesia.	Syiah Kuala University	Indonesia
country	Uddharanpur is a small village in Burdwan district in West Bengal, India.	Uddharanpur	India
country	Agios Dimitrios Piliou (Greek: Άγιος Δημήτριος Πηλίου) is a village and a community in the municipality of Zagora-Mouresi, in the eastern part of Magnesia, Greece.	Agios Dimitrios Piliou	Greece
country	The British Federation of Roller Skating is a roller skating organisation in the United Kingdom.	British Federation of Roller Skating	United Kingdom
country	Kamyana Mohyla (Ukrainian: Кам'яна Могила; Russian: Каменная могила; Kamennaya mogila, literally: ``stone tomb'') is an archaeological site in the Molochna River (literally ``Milk river'') valley, about a mile from the village of Terpinnya, Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine.	Kamyana Mohyla	Ukraine
country	Pletena (Bulgarian: Плетена) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria.	Pletena	Bulgaria
country	Khan Takhti (Persian: خان تختي‎, also Romanized as Khān Takhtī and Khantakhty; also known as Khantakh) is a village in Kenarporuzh Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khan Takhti	Iran
country	Leisnig is a small town in the district of Mittelsachsen, federal Free State of Saxony in Germany.	Leisnig	Germany
country	Ņivņiki is a town located in Latvia.	Ņivņiki	Latvia
country	Šalov (Hungarian: Garamsalló) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Šalov	Slovakia
country	The Ganale Doria River (also transliterated as Genale Dorya) is a perennial river in southeastern Ethiopia.	Ganale Doria River	Ethiopia
country	The Backus-Page House Museum is a living history museum located in the heart of the Talbot Settlement in Wallacetown, Ontario Canada.	Backus-Page House Museum	Canada
country	The Pa Sak River (Thai: แม่น้ำป่าสัก, rtgs: Maenam Pa Sak, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm pàː sàk), Pronunciation) is a river in central Thailand.	Pa Sak River	Thailand
country	Under the Ural bomber program, he began secret talks with two of Germany's leading aircraft manufacturers, Dornier and Junkers, requesting designs for a long-range bomber.	Ural bomber	Germany
country	İmanlar (also, Imanlar and Imanushaga) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İmanlar	Azerbaijan
country	Vrbnje (pronounced (ˈʋəɾbnjɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrbnje	Slovenia
country	The Museum of Italian Art is a public museum in Lima, Peru, under the administration of the National Culture Institute.	Museum of Italian Art	Peru
country	Politics Can Be Different (alternative translation: 'Another Politics Is Possible') (Hungarian: Lehet Más a Politika, LMP) is a green-liberal political party in Hungary.	Politics Can Be Different	Hungary
country	Bački Petrovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачки Петровац, Slovak: Báčsky Petrovec) is a town and municipality in the South Bačka District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Bački Petrovac	Serbia
country	Jakarta Inner Ring Road (Jalan Tol Dalam Kota Jakarta) is a toll road circling the city of Jakarta, Indonesia.	Jakarta Inner Ring Road	Indonesia
country	Rettai Eri, locally known as Retteri, is a lake in the Kolathur area of Chennai, India.	Retteri	India
country	Krishnath College School, located in Berhampore, is one of the oldest school in Bengal as well as in India.	Krishnath College School	India
country	San Lucas Military Airstrip (IATA: N/A) is the military dirt airstrip located at Military Camp Number 40-C, located in San Lucas, 5 km South of Santa Rosalía, Municipality of Mulegé, Baja California Sur, Mexico, just on the Gulf of California coast.	San Lucas Military Airstrip	Mexico
country	Razaviyeh-ye Abkhvorak (Persian: رضويه ابخورك‎, also Romanized as Raẕavīyeh-ye Ābkhvorak; also known as Ab Khorak, Ābkhowr, Ābkhūr, Ab Khūrak, Āb Khvor, and Ābkhvorak) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Razaviyeh-ye Abkhvorak	Iran
country	The Cribbar (Cornish - kribow: reefs), also known as the Widow Maker, is a reef off the Towan Headland in Newquay, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Cribbar	United Kingdom
country	Zlavast (Serbian: Злаваст) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zlavast	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gmina Raszków is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gmina Raszków	Poland
country	San Andrés Itzapa (Spanish pronunciation: (anˈdɾes itˈsapa)) is a municipality of Chimaltenango, Guatemala.	San Andrés Itzapa	Guatemala
country	The Kuruabaru River is an east bank tributary of the Demerara River in northern Guyana.	Kuruabaru River	Guyana
country	Paattinen (Swedish: Patis) is a village in south-west Finland and a district of the city of Turku.	Paattinen	Finland
country	Zenica (Bosnian pronunciation: (zɛ̂nitsa)) is the fourth-largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the capital of the Zenica-Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity.	Zenica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gáshólmur is a small islet on the southside of Sørvágsfjørður in the Faroe Islands.	Gáshólmur	Faroe Islands
country	Nagorno-Karabakh is internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan, but most of the region is governed by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, a de facto independent but unrecognized state established on the basis of the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast of the Azerbaijan SSR.	Nagorno-Karabakh	Azerbaijan
country	Neralur (Kannada: ನೆರಳೂರು) is a village in Anekal taluk, Bangalore urban district, India.	Neralur	India
country	Wad Hamid is a city on the Nile about 60 kilometres north of Khartoum, Sudan.	Wad Hamid	Sudan
country	Leşkər (also, Ləşkər and Leshker) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Leşkər	Azerbaijan
country	Kharrazan Rural District (Persian: دهستان خرازان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kharrazan Rural District	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Rah Javian (Persian: مزرعه راه جويان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Rāh Javīān) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 9 families.	Mazraeh-ye Rah Javian	Iran
country	Pangasinan (Pangasinan: Luyag na Pangasinan) is a province in the Philippines.	Pangasinan	Philippines
country	The Marinier Archipelago groups the Odanak Islands, three islands located in the southern end of Lake Magog in the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada.	Marinier Archipelago	Canada
country	In 1998 in Copenhagen, Denmark, University of Copenhagen alumni Thomas Albert, Jakob Christensen, Peter Christensen, Ole Sas Thrane, and current Sitecore CEO Michael Seifert cofounded Pentia A/S, a systems integration company that focused on implementing websites built on Microsoft technologies.	Sitecore	Denmark
country	Beit HaGadi (Hebrew: בֵּית הַגָּדִי, lit. House of the Gad) is a religious moshav in southern Israel.	Beit HaGadi	Israel
country	Gmina Gubin is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, on the German border.	Gmina Gubin	Poland
country	Karuvatta earned notoriety in Kerala when film representative Chacko was murdered in Karuvatta by Sukumara Kurup, the first accused and his co-accused accomplices in the sensational murder case of 1984 which shell-shocked not only Kerala's but also India's conscience.	Karuvatta	India
country	Budowlani Łódź (Klub Sportowy Budowlani Łódź) is a sports club based in Łódź, Poland.	Budowlani Łódź	Poland
country	Bytków TV Tower is a 110 metre tall RadioTV tower in Siemianowice Śląskie, Poland, on the border with Bytków, an urban part of Katowice.	Bytków TV Tower	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Darghar (Persian: مزرعه درغار‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Darghār) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Darghar	Iran
country	Various shipwrecks remain visible in Anglin Bay; many of these ships belonged to the former Montreal Transportation Company shipyard at the entrance to Anglin Bay or to Canada Steamship Lines of Montreal.	Anglin Bay	Canada
country	Saattoq (old spelling: Sâtoq) is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Saattoq	Greenland
country	Angria Bank is a bank, a shallow sunken atoll, on the continental shelf off the west coast of India.	Angria Bank	India
country	Varadis Palace (Thai: วังวรดิศ; rtgs: Wang Woradit) is the former residence of Prince Damrong in Bangkok, Thailand.	Varadis Palace	Thailand
country	Rupsi Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India used during World War II. It is now abandoned.	Rupsi Airfield	India
country	Autopass (stylized autoPASS) is an electronic toll collection system used in Norway.	Autopass	Norway
country	The Mickiewicz Square (Ukrainian: Площа Міцкевича, trans. Ploshcha Mitskevycha) is one of the main squares in the city of Lviv, Ukraine.	Mickiewicz Square	Ukraine
country	Mongla Bandar Secondary School is a public school in Mongla Upazila of Bagerhat District, Bangladesh.	Mongla Bandar Secondary School	Bangladesh
country	The Future of Åland (Swedish: Ålands Framtid; Finnish: Ahvenanmaan tulevaisuus) is a separatist political party in the Åland Islands.	Future of Åland	Åland Islands
country	Sareh Vian (Persian: سره ويان‎, also Romanized as Sareh Vīān) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sareh Vian	Iran
country	Errachidia (Arabic: الرشيدية‎, ar-Rachīdīya) is a city in Morocco, located in the province of Errachidia, in the region of Drâa-Tafilalet.	Errachidia	Morocco
country	Thoury is a commune of the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.	Thoury	France
country	Skogmo Chapel (Norwegian: Skogmo kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Skogmo Chapel	Norway
country	Gedeb is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia, named after its major town, Gedeb.	Gedeb	Ethiopia
country	Nuwara Eliya District (Tamil: நுவரேலியா மாவட்டம், Sinhalese: නුවරඑළිය දිස්ත්‍රික්කය) is a district in Central Province, Sri Lanka, centered on the tourist city of Nuwara Eliya.	Nuwara Eliya District	Sri Lanka
country	Bratuszewo (bratuˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bratuszewo	Poland
country	Akkayapalle is a census town in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Akkayapalle	India
country	The Surabay National High School (Mataas na Paaralan ng Surabay) is a DepEd well recognized high school located at Surabay, Roseller Lim Zamboanga Sibugay in the Philippines.	Surabay National High School	Philippines
country	The Great Canadian Theatre Company, known for short as GCTC, is a professional theatre company based in Ottawa, Canada.	Great Canadian Theatre Company	Canada
country	Anefif or Anéfis is a Saharan village and commune in the Cercle of Kidal in the Kidal Region of north-eastern Mali.	Anefif	Mali
country	Osinniki (Russian: Оси́нники), known until 1938 as Osinovka (Оси́новка), is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia.	Osinniki	Russia
country	The Kartitsch Saddle (German: Kartitscher Sattel) (elevation 1,525 m) is a high mountain pass in Austria between the Dolomites and the Carnic Alps in the Bundesland of Tyrol.	Kartitsch Saddle	Austria
country	Kandsar-e Zeyn Pareh (Persian: كندسرزين پره‎) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kandsar-e Zeyn Pareh	Iran
country	Sembiapalayam (Tamil: செம்பியபாளையம்) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Sembiapalayam	India
country	Munsee-Delaware Nation is a Lenape First Nations band government located 24 kilometres (15 mi) west of St. Thomas, in southwest Ontario, Canada.	Munsee-Delaware Nation	Canada
country	Chah-e Dowpowk (Persian: چاه دوپوك‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dowpowk) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dowpowk	Iran
country	Morelia is a city and municipality in the north central part of the state of Michoacán in central Mexico.	Morelia	Mexico
country	The Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi (كليفلاند كلينك أبو ظبي, known as CCAD) is a multi specialty hospital located in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi	United Arab Emirates
country	Vezvar (Persian: وزوار‎, also Romanized as Vezvār) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vezvar	Iran
country	Patronaat is one of the 10 largest alternative pop music halls in the Netherlands and was established in 1984.	Patronaat	Netherlands
country	In Susan Ball's book, Ball explains that Purism was an attempt to restore regularity in a war-torn France post World War I.	Purism	France
country	Vənlik (also, Venlik and Vannik) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vənlik	Azerbaijan
country	Hergersweiler is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	Hergersweiler	Germany
country	The (A. N.) Hansen Mansion (Danish: A. N. Hansens Palæ) is a Neoclassical town house in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hansen Mansion	Denmark
country	Winjas is the generic term for two spinning roller coasters, Winjas Fear and Winjas Force, at Phantasialand in Germany.	Winjas	Germany
country	Sremska Kamenica (Cyrillic: Сремска Каменица, pronounced (sreɛ̂ːmskaː kâmenit͡sa)) is a town and urban neighborhood of Novi Sad, in Serbia.	Sremska Kamenica	Serbia
country	The Nkomati mine is a large mine in the north-east of South Africa near Machadodorp in Mpumalanga.	Nkomati mine	South Africa
country	Anacapri is a comune on the island of Capri, in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Italy.	Anacapri	Italy
country	Europa Plus is Russia's first and the most popular commercial radio station, owned by the European Media Group.	Europa Plus	Russia
country	The Valley of the Queens (Arabic: وادي الملكات‎ Wādī al Malekāt) is a place in Egypt where wives of Pharaohs were buried in ancient times.	Valley of the Queens	Egypt
country	Kostobobriv (Ukrainian: Костобобрів; Russian: Костобобров) is a village in the Semenivka Raion (district) of Chernihiv Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine.	Kostobobriv	Ukraine
country	The Maujahn or Maujahn Moor (also known colloquially in German as the Maujahnskuhle) is a kettle bog in North Germany which began as a sinkhole.	Maujahn Moor	Germany
country	Habibabad-e Durag (Persian: حبيب اباددورگ‎, also Romanized as Ḩabībābād-e Dūrag; also known as Ḩabībābād) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Habibabad-e Durag	Iran
country	Hoseynabad va Mahmudabad Industrial Estate of Isfahan (Persian: شهرك صنعتي حسين آبادومحمودآباداصفهان‎ -- Shahrak-e Şanʿatī-ye Ḩoseynābād va Maḩmūdābād-e Eşfahān) is a village and company town in Mahmudabad Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad va Mahmudabad Industrial Estate of Isfahan	Iran
country	Killonaghan or Killonahan (Irish: Cill Onchan) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Killonaghan	Ireland
country	Bowheyri (Persian: بوحيري‎, also Romanized as Bowḩeyrī; also known as Boheiri, Boḩeyrī, and Boveyrī) is a village in Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bowheyri	Iran
country	Mount Lykaion (Ancient Greek: Λύκαιον ὄρος, Lýkaion Óros; Latin: Mons Lycaeus) is a mountain in Arcadia, Greece.	Mount Lykaion	Greece
country	The Somerset Region is a local government area located in the West Moreton region of South East Queensland, Australia, about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Brisbane and centred on the town of Esk.	Somerset Region	Australia
country	Actaeon Island is a 15.65 ha dolerite island game reserve in south-eastern Australia.	Actaeon Island	Australia
country	Małocice (mawɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Małocice	Poland
country	Kizielewszczyzna (kiʑɛlɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kizielewszczyzna	Poland
country	The Alkmaarderhout or Alkmaarder Hout, more commonly known as ``De Hout'' (Dutch for ``the wood(s)''), in Alkmaar is the oldest city park in the Netherlands, dating from 1607.	Alkmaarderhout	Netherlands
country	Barrackpore Air Force Station is an Indian Air Force base located at Barrackpore in the state of West Bengal, India.	Barrackpore Air Force Station	India
country	Metlika Castle (pronounced (mɛˈtliːka); Slovene: Grad Metlika or Metliški Grad) is a 15th-century castle located above the old part of the town of Metlika in southeastern Slovenia, very near the Croatian border.	Metlika Castle	Slovenia
country	Vidyaranya High School for Boys and Girls is a high school based in Hyderabad, India.	Vidyaranya High School	India
country	Bourbriac (Breton: Boulvriag, Gallo: Bólbriac) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Bourbriac	France
country	San Sai Noi (Thai: สันทรายน้อย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Sai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	San Sai Noi	Thailand
country	Tangeh Savashi (Persian: تنگ ساواشی) or Tangeh Vashi (Persian: تنگ واشی) is a gorge and mountain pass in the Alborz range of Iran (Persia).	Tangeh Savashi	Iran
country	Frestonia was the name adopted by the residents of Freston Road when they attempted to secede from the United Kingdom in 1977.	Frestonia	United Kingdom
country	Moszczenica-Osiedle (mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Moszczenica-Osiedle	Poland
country	Czeladź Wielka (ˈt͡ʂɛlat͡ɕ ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czeladź Wielka	Poland
country	Houlong Station (Chinese: 後龍車站; pinyin: Hòulóng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Houlong Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	Houlong Station	Taiwan
country	Cape Blanche is a headland located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south south-west of the town of Streaky Bay and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the town of Sceale Bay.	Cape Blanche	Australia
country	Łaszczów (ˈwaʂt͡ʂuf) is a town in Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łaszczów	Poland
country	Idjwi or Ijwi is an island in Lake Kivu, belonging to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Idjwi	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Łońsko (ˈwɔɲskɔ) (German: Lonsker Feld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łońsko	Poland
country	Stefan Karadzhovo (Bulgarian: Стефан Караджово) is a village in Yambol Province, south Bulgaria.	Stefan Karadzhovo	Bulgaria
country	The Bonn Women's Museum (German: Frauenmuseum Bonn) is a women's museum in Bonn, Germany.	Bonn Women's Museum	Germany
country	Gostilya (Bulgarian: Гостиля; also transliterated Gostilja) is a village in central northern Bulgaria, located in Dolna Mitropoliya municipality, Pleven Province.	Gostilya	Bulgaria
country	Sławocin (swaˈvɔt͡ɕin) (German: Schlabrendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Sławocin	Poland
country	The Lévézou is a geographical region in the Aveyron department in southern France.	Lévézou	France
country	Stare Jeżewo (ˈstarɛ jɛˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Jeżewo	Poland
country	The Hadeed Plateau (Somali: Xadeed, Arabic: حَدًيْد‎) is a rangeland situated in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Hadeed Plateau	Somalia
country	Saasveld Forestry College is a college for the training of foresters, situated on the Garden Route in South Africa between George and Knysna.	Saasveld Forestry College	South Africa
country	Granisle is a village on Babine Lake in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, to the north of Topley between Burns Lake and Houston.	Granisle	Canada
country	The Castle of San Servando is a medieval castle in Toledo, Spain, next the Tagus River.	Castle of San Servando	Spain
country	Satovcha Municipality is a municipality in southwestern Bulgaria and is one of the municipalities in the Blagoevgrad Province.	Satovcha Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Chalmian (Persian: چلميان‎, also Romanized as Chalmīān) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chalmian	Iran
country	Kerteminde Fjord is a fjord of northeastern Funen, Denmark, south of the Odense Fjord.	Kerteminde Fjord	Denmark
country	Emamabad-e Sistaniha (Persian: امام ابادسيستانيها‎, also Romanized as Emāmābād-e Sīstānīhā; also known as Emāmābād and Āvānsīyeh) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Emamabad-e Sistaniha	Iran
country	Lenasia is a formerly exclusively Indian township south of Soweto in Gauteng Province, South Africa.	Lenasia	South Africa
country	Dixie Outlet Mall, also referred to as Dixie Value Mall, is a shopping mall in Mississauga, Canada, located on the south side of the Queen Elizabeth Way highway.	Dixie Outlet Mall	Canada
country	Alonsotegi (Spanish: Alonsotegui) is a municipality in the province of Biscay, Basque Country, Spain.	Alonsotegi	Spain
country	From 1969 to 1976, the former Jarry Park Stadium (located in the southwest corner of the park, now Uniprix Stadium) was the home of the Montreal Expos, Canada's first Major League Baseball team.	Jarry Park	Canada
country	The Chinese Domain Name Consortium, created on 19 May 2000, is a collaboration among the People's Republic of China, the Republic of China (Taiwan), Hong Kong and Macau to come up with a standard way to create a domain name system for Chinese characters.	Chinese Domain Name Consortium	People's Republic of China
country	Tombel is a town and commune in the Southwest Region of Cameroon, in the north of the Mungo Valley.	Tombel	Cameroon
country	Chal Khoshk (Persian: چال خشك‎, also Romanized as Chāl Khoshk; also known as Chāl Kheshtak) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chal Khoshk	Iran
country	Cordillera Administrative Region (Filipino: Rehiyong Pampangasiwaan ng Cordillera; Ilocano: Rehion Administratibo ti Cordillera), designated as CAR, is a region in the Philippines in the island of Luzon.	Cordillera Administrative Region	Philippines
country	Gugul (Persian: گوگول‎‎, also Romanized as Gūgūl and Gowgal) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gugul	Iran
country	The Bremer Teich (``Bremer Pond'') is an historic reservoir that lies south of the two villages of Bad Suderode and Gernrode in the Harz Mountains of Germany, and is used as a recreation area (natural swimming pool and camp site).	Bremer Teich	Germany
country	Campile railway station served the village of Campile in County Wexford, Ireland.	Campile railway station	Ireland
country	The Ballstorp Runestone, listed as Vg 62 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone located on the grounds of the ruins of a church in Ballstorp, which is about 8 kilometers northwest of Floby, Västra Götaland County, Sweden, which is in the historic province of Västergötland.	Ballstorp Runestone	Sweden
country	Gioia Tauro is a comune (municipality) in the province of Reggio Calabria, in Calabria (Italy), on the Tyrrhenian coast.	Gioia Tauro	Italy
country	École supérieure d'Art de Grenoble is a secondary school specialising in arts in Grenoble, France.	École supérieure d'Art de Grenoble	France
country	Galvin Park Reserve is a multi-use sporting reserve in Melbourne, Australia.	Galvin Park Reserve	Australia
country	The Training Quality Standard is a standard given by the United Kingdom government to training providers whose provision is assessed as being of high quality.	Training Quality Standard	United Kingdom
country	K-Days, formerly known as Klondike Days and Edmonton's Capital Ex, is an annual 10-day exhibition held in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, usually near the end of July.	K-Days	Canada
country	San Andrés Xecul (Spanish pronunciation: (san anˈdɾes ʃeˈkul)) is a municipality in the Totonicapán department of Guatemala.	San Andrés Xecul	Guatemala
country	The Château de Ravel is a castle situated in the commune of Ravel, in the département of Puy-de-Dôme, France.	Château de Ravel	France
country	The Alþingi (anglicised as Althing or Althingi) is the national parliament (literally: ``(the) all-thing'', or general assembly) of Iceland.	Althing	Iceland
country	Jens Munk Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Jens Munk Island	Canada
country	Napinka is an unincorporated community in southwestern Manitoba, Canada.	Napinka	Canada
country	Paços de Ferreira (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpasuʒ ðɨ fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ)) is a municipality in the Norte Region of Portugal.	Paços de Ferreira	Portugal
country	The Red Hill railway line in Melbourne, Australia, was a rural railway branching off from the Stony Point railway line at Bittern.	Red Hill railway line	Australia
country	Yio Chu Kang is a sub-urban area in the northeast of Singapore, with proximity to the Ang Mo Kio, Seletar and Serangoon areas.	Yio Chu Kang	Singapore
country	The Gisborne City Vintage Railway Incorporated is a railway preservation group based in Gisborne, New Zealand.	Gisborne City Vintage Railway	New Zealand
country	Asian Highway 81 (AH81) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1143 km (714 miles) from Larsi, Georgia to Baku, Azerbaijan, with ferry connection to Aktau, Kazakhstan.	AH81	Georgia	Azerbaijan	Kazakhstan
country	Bökingharde (Mooring North Frisian: Böökinghiird; Danish: Bøking Herred) was an amt (collective municipality) in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bökingharde	Germany
country	Mittelplate is Germany's largest oil field which is located 7 km (4.3 mi) from the shore, in environmentally important Schleswig-Holstein Wadden Sea National Parks tidal flats.	Mittelplate	Germany
country	Shipgyer is a village in Chungthang subdivision, North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.	Shipgyer	India
country	The church of Santi Marco e Andrea a Nilo is a former Roman Catholic church, located on via Paladino #50 in central Naples, Italy.	Santi Marco e Andrea a Nilo	Italy
country	Zaranj Airport (IATA: ZAJ, ICAO: OAZJ) is a domestic airport located by the city of Zaranj in far southwestern Afghanistan.	Zaranj Airport	Afghanistan
country	The Human Values and Mental Health Foundation (Turkish: İnsani Değerler ve Ruh Sağlığı Vakfı) is a non-governmental charitable organization in Turkey.	Human Values and Mental Health Foundation	Turkey
country	Khowrah-e Sofla (Persian: خوره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khowrah-e Soflá; also known as Khāūra, Khooreh Olya, Khooreh Sofla, and Khowrah) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Khowrah-e Sofla	Iran
country	Simikot is the administrative headquarters of Humla District of Karnali Zone in the mountain region of northwestern Nepal.	Simikot	Nepal
country	Sesto Fiorentino, known locally as just Sesto, is a municipality (comune) in the province of Florence, Tuscany, central Italy.	Sesto Fiorentino	Italy
country	Sayij Mahalleh (Persian: سائيج محله‎, also Romanized as Sāyīj Maḩalleh; also known as Sā’ch Maḩalleh, Sag Maḩalleh, and Saj Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sayij Mahalleh	Iran
country	Sejong Science High School (SJSH) is a science high school (for ages 15--18) located in Guro-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Sejong Science High School	South Korea
country	Hammam Essalihine (Aquae Flavianae) is an ancient Roman Bath situated in the Aurès Mountains in the El Hamma District in the Khenchela Province of Algeria.	Hammam Essalihine	Algeria
country	Pir Yadegar (Persian: پيريادگار‎, also Romanized as Pīr Yādegār and Pīr Yādgār; also known as Pirdavār and Pīr Dāwar) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pir Yadegar	Iran
country	The Great Sugar Loaf (Irish: Ó Cualann or Beannach Mhór), also known as the Big Sugar Loaf and often as simply the Sugar Loaf, is a hill in east County Wicklow in Ireland.	Great Sugar Loaf	Ireland
country	Tuhobići (Cyrillic: Тухобићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tuhobići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tolne station is a railway station serving the village of Tolne in Tolne hills in Vendsyssel, Denmark.	Tolne station	Denmark
country	Mərcanlı (also, Mirzanagly and Mirzanagyly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mərcanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Pyeonggang Station (Hangul: 평강역; hanja: 平江驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Daejeo-dong, Gangseo District, Busan, South Korea.	Pyeonggang Station	South Korea
country	Several of India's major learning institutes are located in Jadavpur, around the Raja SC Mullick Road, including the Jadavpur University, the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science, KPC Medical College and Hospital, West Bengal's first private-public partnership medical college, the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology among others.	Jadavpur	India
country	Kumbo, also known as Kimbo, is the second-largest city in the North West Province of Cameroon and the capital of Bui Division.	Kumbo	Cameroon
country	Taroom Airport (IATA: XTO, ICAO: YTAM) is an airport located 11 nautical miles (20 km; 13 mi) southeast of Taroom, Queensland, Australia.	Taroom Airport	Australia
country	Avenida del Libertador is one of the principal thoroughfares in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and in points north, extending 25 km (16 mi) from the Retiro District of Buenos Aires to the northern suburb of San Fernando.	Avenida del Libertador	Argentina
country	Ba Shahsavar (Persian: باشهسوار‎, also Romanized as Bā Shahsavār) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ba Shahsavar	Iran
country	The Dajabón River (also called Massacre River) is a river of the Dominican Republic.	Dajabón River	Dominican Republic
country	The MSA British Rally Championship is a rallying series based in the United Kingdom.	British Rally Championship	United Kingdom
country	Forward Operating Base Lagman or more simply FOB Lagman is a former forward operating base operated by both the United States and Romanian Armed Forces in Afghanistan.	Forward Operating Base Lagman	Afghanistan
country	Seongdangmot Station is a station of a city railroad of the first line in Nam-gu Daegu, South Korea.	Seongdangmot Station	South Korea
country	Chah-e Mil (Persian: چاه ميل‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mīl and Chāhmīl) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mil	Iran
country	Kalix Church (Swedish: Kalix kyrka, sometimes Nederkalix kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in Kalix in Norrbotten County, Sweden.	Kalix Church	Sweden
country	Melikgazi is a metropolitan district of Kayseri in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Melikgazi	Turkey
country	Kamojang, popularly known as Kawah Kamojang or (the Kamojang crater), is a geothermal field and tourist spot in West Java, Indonesia.	Kamojang	Indonesia
country	Reshafim (Hebrew: רְשָׁפִים, lit. Sparks) is a kibbutz in northeastern Israel.	Reshafim	Israel
country	Trnov Hrib (pronounced (ˈtəɾnɔu̯ ˈxɾiːp)) is a settlement in the hills to the west of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Trnov Hrib	Slovenia
country	Abgaman (Persian: ابگمان‎, also Romanized as Ābgamān) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Abgaman	Iran
country	Berseba (Nama: ǃAutsawises) is a village in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia and the district capital of the Berseba electoral constituency.	Berseba	Namibia
country	Eastmaninstitutet (The Eastman Institute) is a dental care centre for children located in Vasastaden, Stockholm, Sweden.	Eastmaninstitutet	Sweden
country	Huiakama is a settlement in inland Taranaki, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Huiakama	New Zealand
country	'Sarableh (Persian: سرابله‎, also Romanized as ') is a city in and capital of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sarableh	Iran
country	IBK Sundsvall was a floorball club in Sundsvall, Sweden, established in 1986.	IBK Sundsvall	Sweden
country	Ballószög is a village and municipality in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Ballószög	Hungary
country	Richterswil railway station (German: Bahnhof Richterswil) is a railway station that serves the municipality of Richterswil, in the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Richterswil railway station	Switzerland
country	The Albertina is a museum in the Innere Stadt (First District) of Vienna, Austria.	Albertina	Austria
country	Gaboš (Serbian Cyrillic: Габош) is a village in Vukovar-Srijem County, Croatia.	Gaboš	Croatia
country	Koengen is an outdoor concert venue in the city centre of Bergen, Norway.	Koengen	Norway
country	Adlerhorst (Eagle's eyrie) was a World War II bunker complex in Germany, located in the rural area of Langenhain-Ziegenberg, Wiesental Wetterau and Kransberg in the Taunus mountains in the state of Hesse.	Adlerhorst	Germany
country	Dolenja Vas pri Temenici (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈteːmɛnitsi); Slovene: Dolenja vas pri Temenici, German: Niederdorf) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Temenica River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Dolenja Vas pri Temenici	Slovenia
country	Srokowo (srɔˈkɔvɔ) (1945-50: Dryfort), (German: Drengfurt) is a village in Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Srokowo	Poland
country	Wasij was a village near Farab in Kazakhstan and the birthplace of the Central Asian scientist Farabi.	Wasij	Kazakhstan
country	The Kamnik Bistrica (Slovene: Kamniška Bistrica, pronounced (ˈkáːmniʃka ˈbíːstrit͡sa)) is an Alpine river in northern Slovenia, a left tributary of the Sava River.	Kamnik Bistrica	Slovenia
country	Lambton House is a historic former inn in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Lambton House	Canada
country	The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF, Korean: 대한민국 해양수산부), is a cabinet-level division of the government of South Korea.	Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries	South Korea
country	Additionally, the national headquarters of the Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America, the nation's oldest veterans organization, the National Museum of American Jewish Military History, the Laogai Museum and the Washington, D.C. Jewish Community Center are also located in Dupont Circle.	Dupont Circle	United States of America
country	Qorveh County (Persian: شهرستان قروه‎) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran.	Qorveh County	Iran
country	The Lake Jesuit (popularly designated ``Little Long Lake'') is located in the Lejeune Township, in the municipality of Sainte-Thècle, in the Mékinac Regional County Municipality in the Batiscanie, in the administrative region of Mauricie in the province of Quebec, in Canada.	Lake Jesuit	Canada
country	San Giorgio Albanese (Arbëresh language: Mbuzat) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	San Giorgio Albanese	Italy
country	Waimes (German: Weismes) is a Walloon municipality located in the province of Liège, in Belgium.	Waimes	Belgium
country	Gulf of Hammamet (Tunisian Arabic: خليج الحمامات‎) is a large gulf in northeastern Tunisia.	Gulf of Hammamet	Tunisia
country	Sambaina is the name of several towns and communes in Madagascar.	Sambaina	Madagascar
country	Osborne Village's Canada Day Celebration is Winnipeg's largest and longest running street festival.	Osborne Village	Canada
country	Lombadan-e Hajjiabad (Persian: لمبه دان حاجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Lombadān-e Ḩājjīābād and Lombadān Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Lombadan-e Hajjiabad	Iran
country	The Cathedral of Miranda do Douro (Portuguese: Sé de Miranda do Douro, Mirandese: Sé de Miranda de l Douro) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Miranda do Douro, Portugal.	Cathedral of Miranda do Douro	Portugal
country	Arcot Road (also known as N. S. Krishnan Salai), (SH-113) is one of the main arterial roads of the city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu, India.	Arcot Road	India
country	Darai (Persian: دارايي‎, also Romanized as Dārā’ī) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darai	Iran
country	The Limagne is large plain in the Auvergne region of France in the valley of the Allier river, on the edge of the Massif Central.	Limagne	France
country	Tani Tani (local name for the flower Gentianella primuloides, also spelled Tanitani) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,806 metres (15,768 ft) high.	Tani Tani	Peru
country	Santa Cruz Michapa is a municipality in the Cuscatlán department of El Salvador with a population of 12,225 (2001).	Santa Cruz Michapa	El Salvador
country	The Ålesund Region (Norwegian: Ålesundregionen) is a metropolitan region in Møre og Romsdal county in western Norway.	Ålesund Region	Norway
country	The IBM Toronto Software Lab is the largest software development laboratory in Canada, and IBM's third largest software lab. Established in 1967 with 55 employees, the Toronto Lab (located in Markham) now has 2,500 employees developing some of IBM's middleware software.	IBM Toronto Software Lab	Canada
country	The Leader of the Seanad is the leader of the government senators in Seanad Éireann, the upper house of the Oireachtas, the legislature of Ireland.	Leader of the Seanad	Ireland
country	Kalateh-ye Boshgazi (Persian: كلاته بشگزي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Boshgazī; also known as Bazqūsh, Buzqush, Kalāteh-ye Losgazī, and Kalāteh-ye Shogazī) is a village in Mud Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Boshgazi	Iran
country	Vazmak (Persian: وزمك‎; also known as Vīzmak) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Vazmak	Iran
country	Port Louis (French: Port-Louis) is the capital city of Mauritius, located in the Port Louis District, the western part also lies in the Black River District.	Port Louis	Mauritius
country	Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ): 12 Austrian People's Party (ÖVP): 4 Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ): 4 The Greens: 2 Wählergemeinschaft Wernberg (independent): 1	Wernberg	Austria
country	Oslo Airport Station (Norwegian: Oslo lufthavn stasjon), also known as Gardermoen Station, is a railway station located in the airport terminal building of Oslo Airport, Gardermoen in Norway.	Oslo Airport Station	Norway
country	Witoszów Górny (viˈtɔʂuf ˈɡurnɨ) (German: Ober Bögendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Witoszów Górny	Poland
country	Navahrudak Voblast or Novogrudak Oblast (Belarusian: Навагрудская вобласць, Russian: Новогрудская область) was a Voblast of the Byelorussian SSR following the annexation of West Belarus into the BSSR in 1939.	Navahrudak Voblast	Belarus
country	Mong Ton, also known historically as Möngtung and Maington, is a town and seat of Mong Tong Township in Mong Hsat District, Shan State in eastern Myanmar near the border with Thailand.	Mong Ton	Myanmar
country	The village of Akhalgori was first mentioned in the 18th century by Prince Vakhushti of Kartli in his work The Geographic Description of Georgia.	Akhalgori	Georgia
country	Iroquois Airport, (TC LID: CNP7), is located adjacent to Iroquois, Ontario, Canada on the shores of the Saint Lawrence River.	Iroquois Airport	Canada
country	Lengbrè (also spelled Longbrè) is a village in central Ivory Coast.	Lengbrè	Ivory Coast
country	Gorenje Ponikve (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ pɔˈniːkʋɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Ponikve	Slovenia
country	The Parc de Milan is a public park of the city of Lausanne, Switzerland.	Parc de Milan	Switzerland
country	Ma'ale Adumim (Hebrew: מַעֲלֵה אֲדֻמִּים) is an urban Israeli settlement and a city in the West Bank, seven kilometers (4.3 miles) from Jerusalem.	Ma'ale Adumim	West Bank
country	Wanqaran (Quechua wanqara a kind of drum, -n a suffix, also spelled Huankarán) is an archaeological site with a rectangular tower, a couple of buildings and stone tombs (chullpa) in Peru.	Wanqaran	Peru
country	Gol Airport, Klanten (Norwegian: Gol flyplass, Klanten; IATA: GLL, ICAO: ENKL) is an airport which lies on Golsfjellet north of Gol town centre in Gol municipality in Buskerud county, Norway.	Gol Airport, Klanten	Norway
country	The Lee Kong Chian Natural History Museum (LKCNHM) is a museum of natural history at the Kent Ridge Campus of the National University of Singapore.	Lee Kong Chian Natural History Museum	Singapore
country	Akoupé-Zeudji is a small village in southern Ivory Coast.	Akoupé-Zeudji	Ivory Coast
country	As per 2011 Census of India, Phusro Urban Agglomeration had a total population of 186,139, of which males were 97,665 and females 88,874.	Phusro	India
country	The Inaouen River is a watercourse in Morocco that is tributary to the Sebou River.	Inaouen River	Morocco
country	Tazeh Kand-e Jabal (Persian: تازه كندجبل‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Jabal; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Bolbol) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Jabal	Iran
country	The Watermill Museum Brüglingen (Mühlemuseum Brüglingen) is housed within the former watermill and stands in the lower plain of Brüglingen, in the sub-district ``Neue Welt'', Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Watermill Museum Brüglingen	Switzerland
country	Isola Minore, known until the twentieth century simply as l'isoletta (``the little island''), is the smallest of the three islands of Lago Trasimeno in central Italy, and the closest to Passignano sul Trasimeno within whose municipal boundaries it lies.	Isola Minore	Italy
country	Flayosc is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeastern France.	Flayosc	France
country	The Glen High School is a public, English medium co-ed high school located in Waterkloof Glen, Pretoria, in the Gauteng province of South Africa.	The Glen High School	South Africa
country	Sulyukta Botanical Reserve is a reserve located in Leilek District of Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Sulyukta Botanical Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	Žitkovci (pronounced (ˈʒiːtkɔu̯tsi); Hungarian: Zsitkóc) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrovnik in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Žitkovci	Slovenia
country	Zubrza is a settlement in Gmina Wąsosz, Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zubrza	Poland
country	Yir'on (Hebrew: יִרְאוֹן) is a kibbutz in the Galilee Panhandle in northern Israel.	Yir'on	Israel
country	Iqaluit Centre is a former territorial electoral district (riding) for the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, Canada.	Iqaluit Centre	Canada
country	Trzemosna (tʂɛˈmɔsna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Trzemosna	Poland
country	Avioimpex was an airline carrier from the Republic of Macedonia, based out of Skopje.	Avioimpex	Macedonia
country	Longo Brothers Fruit Markets Inc., commonly known as just Longo's, is a family-run grocery chain in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada.	Longo's	Canada
country	Cancelos de Baixo is a hamlet of Portugal, in the district of Guarda and the town of Mêda.	Cancelos de Baixo	Portugal
country	La Grita is a town in the north west of Táchira state, Venezuela.	La Grita	Venezuela
country	The Riverside Boat Club is a private, non-profit, rowing club on the Charles River in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States of America.	Riverside Boat Club	United States of America
country	Vaidyaratnam Ayurveda Museum is a museum showcasing the richness, the variety and the evolution of the Ayurveda traditional medicine heritage of India.	Vaidyaratnam Ayurveda Museum	India
country	Drnje is a village and a municipality in the Koprivnica-Križevci county in Croatia.	Drnje	Croatia
country	Thessaloniki (Greek: Θεσσαλονίκη (θesaloˈnici)) is the second-largest city in Greece and the capital of Greek Macedonia, the administrative region of Central Macedonia and the Decentralized Administration of Macedonia and Thrace.	Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Radyvyliv (Ukrainian: Радивилів, Russian: Радивилов, Polish: Radziwiłłów) is a small city in the Rivne Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Radyvyliv	Ukraine
country	Xyniada (Greek: Ξυνιάδα) or Xynias (Ξυνιάς) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis, Greece.	Xyniada	Greece
country	The Hulme Crescents had implications for new housing in Manchester and signalled the death knell for the 'Streets in the sky' idea that had been proposed throughout the 1960s and 1970s in the United Kingdom.	Hulme Crescents	United Kingdom
country	Skliros (Greek: Σκληρός) is a village in the municipal unit of Eira, Messenia, southern Greece.	Skliros	Greece
country	Discovery Networks Deutschland was a branch of Discovery Networks Europe holding responsibility for overseeing Discovery Networks brands in Germany, Austria and German-speaking parts of Switzerland.Discovery Networks Deutschland's key operations are the free-to-air DMAX, Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and Discovery HD.	Discovery Networks Deutschland	Germany
country	Skien Church is a Neo-Gothic church from 1894, located in Skien, Telemark county in Norway.	Skien Church	Norway
country	Radio Zürisee was launched on 1 November 1983 in occasion of the licensing of private radio stations in Switzerland, as one of the first alternatives to the Swiss government-owned radio stations.	Radio Zürisee	Switzerland
country	Bakrala railway station (Urdu: بکرالا ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Bakrala village, Jhelum district, Punjab province, Pakistan.	Bakrala railway station	Pakistan
country	Mohammad Jani (Persian: محمدجاني‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Jānī and Moḩammadjānī) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mohammad Jani	Iran
country	Avinyó is a Catalan municipality in Spain.	Avinyó	Spain
country	Wormhout (older version: Wormhoudt) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Wormhout	France
country	Bocfölde (often spelled as ``Bocfolde'' in English documents) is a village in Western Hungary.	Bocfölde	Hungary
country	Dongshin University is a private university in southwestern South Korea.	Dongshin University	South Korea
country	Kadiyapulanka is a village near Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh in India.	Kadiyapulanka	India
country	The Frog's Leg Gold Mine is a gold mine located 19 km west of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia.	Frog's Leg Gold Mine	Australia
country	Lake Cowal is the largest inland lake in New South Wales, Australia.	Lake Cowal	Australia
country	Ojos del Caburgua is a waterfall located 15 kilometers east of Pucón and four kilometers south of Caburgua Lake in the region of Aracaunía in southern Chile.	Ojos del Caburgua	Chile
country	Sultići (Cyrillic: Султићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sultići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dagupan, officially the City of Dagupan (Pangasinan: Ciudad na Dagupan), is an independent component city in the province of Pangasinan in the Philippines.	Dagupan	Philippines
country	Ende Regency is one of the regencies which divide the island of Flores, within East Nusa Tenggara Province, Indonesia.	Ende Regency	Indonesia
country	Kleče pri Dolu (pronounced (ˈkleːtʃɛ pɾi ˈdoːlu); German: Kletsche) is a village east of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Kleče pri Dolu	Slovenia
country	Karakol International Airport (Kyrgyz: Каракол эл аралык аэропорту, Russian: Международный аэропорт ``Каракол'') (IATA: none (КПЖ), ICAO: UCFP) is an international airport serving Karakol, a town in the Issyk-Kul Province (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Karakol International Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	Rudnik-Kolonia (ˈrudnik kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rudnik-Kolonia	Poland
country	Ovoot Airport is an airport located at Ovoot Tolgoi / Nariin Sukhait, Ömnögovi Province, Mongolia.	Ovoot Airport	Mongolia
country	Villabona is a village of over 5500 inhabitants in the comarca of Tolosaldea, Gipuzkoa province, Basque Country, Spain.	Villabona	Spain
country	Chaniotis (Greek: Χανιώτης or Χανιώτη, pronounced (xaˈɲotis)), is a tourist town located in the eastern part of the peninsula of Kassandra, Chalkidiki, Greece.	Chaniotis	Greece
country	Dahaneh-ye Meymand (Persian: دهنه ميمند‎, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Meymand; also known as Sar Dahaneh-ye Meymand) is a village in Fareghan Rural District, Fareghan District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Meymand	Iran
country	Donnybrook Cemetery is located close to the river Dodder in Donnybrook, Dublin, Ireland.	Donnybrook Cemetery	Ireland
country	The Guadalajara Metropolitan Area (officially, in Spanish: Zona Metropolitana de Guadalajara) is the most populous metropolitan area of the Mexican state of Jalisco and the second largest in the country after Greater Mexico City.	Guadalajara Metropolitan Area	Mexico
country	The Langer Heinrich mine is a large open pit mine located in the western part of Namibia in the Erongo Region.	Langer Heinrich mine	Namibia
country	Kamenac (Hungarian: Kö; Serbian Cyrillic: Kaмeнaц) is a settlement in the region of Baranja, Croatia.	Kamenac	Croatia
country	Silesian Foothills (Polish: Pogórze Śląskie) are foothills located in Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Silesian Foothills	Poland
country	Halulan (Persian: هالولان‎, also Romanized as Hālūlān; also known as Āshkī Hālūlān, Hārowlān, Hārūlān, and Hārūyān) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Halulan	Iran
country	The Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme (or CPRS) was a proposed cap-and-trade system of emissions trading for anthropogenic greenhouse gases, due to be introduced in Australia in 2010 by the Rudd government, as part of its climate change policy.	Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme	Australia
country	Kunani (Persian: كوناني‎, also Romanized as Kūnānī and Konānī) is a city in and capital of Kunani District, in Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kunani	Iran
country	Dhanushadham is a municipality in Danusha District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Dhanushadham	Nepal
country	Schloss Münster, officially Fürstbischöfliches Schloss Münster, is the schloss built as the residence if the duke-bishop of Münster, Germany.	Schloss Münster	Germany
country	The Kingdom of Crystal (Swedish: Glasriket, The glass realm) is a geographical area today containing a total of 15 glassworks in the municipalities of Emmaboda, Nybro, Uppvidinge, Växjö and Lessebo in southern Sweden.	Kingdom of Crystal	Sweden
country	The Orto Botanico dei Frignoli (7 hectares) is a botanical garden located at 900 metres elevation on SS63 del Passo del Cerreto, Fivizzano, Province of Massa-Carrara, Italy.	Orto Botanico dei Frignoli	Italy
country	Mungeli district is a district of Chhattisgarh, India, with headquarters in Mungeli.	Mungeli district	India
country	Gross Lengden is a village in the Gleichen in the Göttingen district of Lower Saxony, Germany, about ten kilometers east of Göttingen.	Gross Lengden	Germany
country	Tubrojevići (Cyrillic: Тубројевићи) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tubrojevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Shunkō-in (春光院, Temple of the Ray of Spring Light) is a Zen Buddhist temple in Kyoto, Japan and belongs to the Myōshin-ji (Temple of Excellent Mind) school, which is the largest among 14 Japanese Rinzai Zen Buddhist schools.	Shunkō-in	Japan
country	Catchacoma Lake is a lake located in the Kawartha Highlands of Ontario, Canada.	Catchacoma Lake	Canada
country	Kato Achaia (Greek: Κάτω Αχαΐα) is a town and a community in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Kato Achaia	Greece
country	The International School of Belgrade is an independent, co-educational, international school in Belgrade, Serbia, located in the neighborhood of Senjak.	International School of Belgrade	Serbia
country	The Rimpfischhorn (4,199 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Switzerland.	Rimpfischhorn	Switzerland
country	Alida/Cowan Farm Private Aerodrome, (TC LID: CCF7), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) east northeast of Alida, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Alida/Cowan Farm Private Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ehuasso (also spelled Ehuiasso) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast.	Ehuasso	Ivory Coast
country	The 1996 Hungarian Grand Prix (formally the XII Marlboro Magyar Nagydij) was a Formula One motor race held on 11 August 1996 at the Hungaroring, Mogyoród, Budapest, Hungary.	1996 Hungarian Grand Prix	Hungary
country	Goianésia do Pará is a municipality and municipal seat in the state of Pará, Brazil.	Goianésia do Pará	Brazil
country	Hysen Pasha Mosque (Albanian: Xhamia e Hysen Pashës) or Clock Mosque (Xhamia e Sahatit) is a Cultural Monument of Albania, located in Berat.	Hysen Pasha Mosque	Albania
country	Awakino is a settlement in the south of Waitomo District, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Awakino	New Zealand
country	Muborak (sometimes spelled Mubarek in English) (Uzbek: Muborak/Муборак; Tajik: Муборак; Russian: Мубарек) is a small city located in Qashqadaryo Region of Uzbekistan.	Muborak	Uzbekistan
country	Mizra (Hebrew: מִזְרָע‎, lit. Sowing) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Mizra	Israel
country	The Vall de Boí (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbaʎ də βuˈi), locally: (ˈbaʎ de βoˈi)) is a narrow, steep-sided valley and a small municipality in the province of Lleida, in the autonomous community of Catalonia, northern Spain.	Vall de Boí	Spain
country	Dongola Airport (IATA: DOG, ICAO: HSDN; Arabic: مطار دنقلا) is an airport serving Dongola, the capital city of the Northern state in Sudan.	Dongola Airport	Sudan
country	Downtown Halifax is the financial centre of Atlantic Canada.	Downtown Halifax	Canada
country	Ferny Grove State High School is an independent public secondary school in the suburb of Ferny Grove, in Brisbane, Australia.	Ferny Grove State High School	Australia
country	The Vågåvatn lake (in the Norwegian language Vågåvatnet or ``the Vågå lake'') is located in Lom and Vågå municipalities, Oppland county, Norway.	Vågåvatn	Norway
country	Roosna-Alliku (German: Kaltenbrunn) is a small borough in Roosna-Alliku Parish, Järva County in northern-central Estonia.	Roosna-Alliku	Estonia
country	Ikurin Vire (abbreviated Vire) is a football club from Tampere, Finland that was established in 1957.	Ikurin Vire	Finland
country	Borsele ( pronunciation ; Zeelandic: Bossele) is a municipality in the southwestern Netherlands on Zuid-Beveland.	Borsele	Netherlands
country	Kochkor-Ata (Kyrgyz: Кочкор-Ата) is a Kyrgyz town located northwest of the major city Jalal-Abad in Kyrgyzstan.	Kochkor-Ata	Kyrgyzstan
country	Baldia Colony (Urdu: بلدیہ کالونی ‎) is one of the neighborhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Baldia Colony	Pakistan
country	Cheikh Saïd is a rocky peninsula in Yemen, near the island of Perim on the Bab-el-Mandeb at the entrance to the Red Sea.	Cheikh Saïd	Yemen
country	The A*STAR Talent Search (ATS) is a research-based science competition in Singapore for high school students between 15--21 years of age.	A*STAR Talent Search	Singapore
country	Stare Žage (pronounced (ˈstaːɾɛ ˈʒaːgɛ); formerly also Stara žaga; German: Altsag, Gottscheerish: Autshug or Aotschock) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Stare Žage	Slovenia
country	Kayao is a town in the Kayao Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso.	Kayao	Burkina Faso
country	Budgam is a town and a notified area committee in Budgam district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir, India.	Budgam	India
country	Leianokladi (Greek: Λειανοκλάδι) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis, Greece.	Leianokladi	Greece
country	Launceston F.C. (Cornish: Klub Pel-droes Lannstevan) are a football club based in Launceston, Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom.	Launceston F.C.	United Kingdom
country	The McKee power station is a gas-fired generating plant located at the McKee production station in north Taranaki, New Zealand.	McKee power station	New Zealand
country	Tangal (Persian: تنگل‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Yāl and Tangyāl) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tangal	Iran
country	Łączki Myszewskie (ˈwɔnt͡ʂki mɨˈʂɛfskʲɛ) (German: Klein Mausdorferweide) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łączki Myszewskie	Poland
country	Mchochaeo is a small island of Palau.	Mchochaeo	Palau
country	Werbkowice (vɛrpkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Werbkowice	Poland
country	The King George River is a perennial river located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, in Australia.	King George River	Australia
country	Aeroports de Catalunya is a public company, owned by the Government of Catalonia, and attached to its Ministry of Land and Sustainability.	Aeroports de Catalunya	Catalonia
country	Jarczewo (jarˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (German: Jarsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jarczewo	Poland
country	Katsanochoria (Greek: Κατσανοχώρια) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Katsanochoria	Greece
country	The Marquisate of Incisa (Marchesato di Incisa in Italian) was a lordship of the House of Aleramici in southern Piedmont, northern Italy, which existed between the 12th and 16th centuries.	Marquisate of Incisa	Italy
country	Wild West Falls Adventure Ride (formerly Wild Wild West) is an 8-seater flume ride at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Wild West Falls Adventure Ride	Australia
country	N'Zoo or Nzo is a town and sub-prefecture in the Lola Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.	N'Zoo	Guinea
country	Glinojeck (ɡlʲiˈnɔjɛt͡sk) is a town in Poland, with 3,087 inhabitants (2004).	Glinojeck	Poland
country	Arte Moris (meaning ``Living Art'' in Tetun) is the first fine arts school, cultural center and artists'' association in East Timor.	Arte Moris	East Timor
country	Ngoma Airport (IATA: ZGM, ICAO: FLNA) is an airport serving Ngoma, a settlement in the Southern Province in Zambia.	Ngoma Airport	Zambia
country	Azim Kandi (Persian: عظيم كندي‎, also Romanized as ``Az̧īm Kandī) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 440, in 109 families.	Azim Kandi	Iran
country	Alpha Arts & Science College, popularly known as Alpha College, is a self-financing arts and science college in Thundalam, Porur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Alpha Arts & Science College	India
country	Addowal (sometimes spelt Adowal) is a town and union council of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Addowal	Pakistan
country	Karbalai Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: كربلايي محمدحسين‎, also Romanized as Karbalā’ī Moḩammad Ḩoseyn; also known as Karbalā’ī Moḩammad Ḩoseynī) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Karbalai Mohammad Hoseyn	Iran
country	Hordynya (Ukrainian: Гординя, Polish: Hordynia) is a village (selo) in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Hordynya	Ukraine
country	The Soumagne Tunnel is the longest rail tunnel in Belgium, with a length of 6,505 metres (21,342 ft).	Soumagne Tunnel	Belgium
country	Davle is a market town in Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Davle	Czech Republic
country	The Cobb Highway is a state highway in the western Riverina and the far western regions of New South Wales, with a short section in Victoria, Australia.	Cobb Highway	Australia
country	La Vallée des Singes (``The Valley of the Monkeys'') is a primate park in Romagne, France.	La Vallée des Singes	France
country	Nene Valley Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast of South Australia on the coastline about 35 kilometres (22 mi) south west of Mount Gambier and about 18 kilometres (11 mi) west north west of Port MacDonnell.	Nene Valley Conservation Park	Australia
country	Dampa Tiger Reserve is a part of Project Tiger funded by the Government of India.	Dampa Tiger Reserve	India
country	Sharafiya (Syriac:ܫܪܦܝܐ) is an Assyrian village located in Assyria, northern Iraq.	Sharafiya	Iraq
country	The Caledonian Curling Club (also known as the Callie Curling Club) has been one of the most prominent curling rinks in Canada for many years.	Caledonian Curling Club	Canada
country	The Al Hamra Tower is a completed skyscraper in Kuwait City, Kuwait.	Al Hamra Tower	Kuwait
country	Aratos (Greek: Άρατος, Turkish: Karacaoğlan) is a settlement in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace region, Greece.	Aratos	Greece
country	Mollahacılı (also, Mollagadzhyly) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mollahacılı	Azerbaijan
country	Ab Talkhak (Persian: اب تلخک‎, also Romanized as Āb Talkhak; also known as Ābtalkhak) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ab Talkhak	Iran
country	Yasawa Island Airport (IATA: YAS, ICAO: NFSW) is an airport on the Yasawa Island in the Fiji's Western Division.	Yasawa Island Airport	Fiji
country	The Douglas River, formerly known as the Twain, is a river of the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Douglas River	New Zealand
country	Nusa Laut is the smallest inhabited island in the Lease Islands group east of Ambon, in Indonesia's Maluku province.	Nusa Laut	Indonesia
country	The Rizal National Science High School (Mataas na Paaralang Nasyonal na Pang-Agham ng Rizal), commonly known as RNSHS, RiSci, or Rizal Science is a Secondary Public Science high school located in Jose P. Rizal St., Batingan, Binangonan, Rizal, Philippines.	Rizal National Science High School	Philippines
country	Makambako is located in the Southern Highlands of Tanzania, approximately 40 miles north of the district capital of Njombe.	Makambako	Tanzania
country	Upper Nile University (UNU), is a university in South Sudan.	Upper Nile University	South Sudan
country	Les Perrons (or Le Perron ) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and France.	Les Perrons	Switzerland
country	Baruwati is a small village situated at the North-West part of Nagaon district of Assam, India.	Baruwati	India
country	Kolodruma (Bulgarian: Колодрума) is a velodrome and a multifunctional indoor arena located in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.	Kolodruma	Bulgaria
country	Wola Branicka-Kolonia (ˈvɔla braˈnit͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Branicka-Kolonia	Poland
country	Hajji Qelich (Persian: حاجي قليچ‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Qelīch; also known as Ḩājīqelīch) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Qelich	Iran
country	Estero Bureo a small river on the Pacific coast of the Tomé commune, Concepcion Province, Bío Bío Region of Chile north of Penco and south of the Itata River.	Estero Bureo	Chile
country	Genting Highlands (Malay: Tanah Tinggi Genting), otherwise known as Resorts World Genting, is a hill resort in Malaysia developed by Genting Group.	Genting Highlands	Malaysia
country	Morgins is a village in the municipality of Troistorrents in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in southern Switzerland.	Morgins	Switzerland
country	Youngdong University is a private university located in Yeongdong-eup, Yeongdong County, North Chungcheong province, South Korea.	Youngdong University	South Korea
country	Podivič (Serbian Cyrillic: Подивич) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Podivič	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jehanian (Also spelled Jahanian), (Urdu: جہانیاں‎) is a town in Khanewal District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Jehanian	Pakistan
country	Helen's Reef is a series of skerries in the North Atlantic, 1.2 miles (2 km) to the north-east of the larger islet of Rockall and outcrop of Hasselwood Rock, within the United Kingdom's exclusive economic zone.	Helen's Reef	United Kingdom
country	Mtwapa is a town located in Kenya's Kilifi County.	Mtwapa	Kenya
country	Tveitetunet is an open-air farm museum located at Valle, in Aust-Agder, Norway.	Tveitetunet	Norway
country	The Waiau Branch was a branch line railway in the northern Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Waiau Branch	New Zealand
country	Utena Arena is a sport arena in Utena, Lithuania.	Utena Arena	Lithuania
country	Kfar Galim (Hebrew: כְּפַר גַּלִּים, lit. Waves Village) is a boarding school and youth village in northern Israel.	Kfar Galim	Israel
country	Csepel Island (Hungarian: Csepel-sziget) is the largest island of the River Danube in Hungary.	Csepel Island	Hungary
country	Velenje Castle (Slovene: Velenjski grad) is a well-preserved castle in Velenje, Slovenia that was owned by the Kunšperk family, followed by their relatives the Ptujs and the Liechtenstein families.	Velenje Castle	Slovenia
country	Buryn (Ukrainian: Буринь) is a city in Sumy Oblast, Ukraine.	Buryn	Ukraine
country	Jakubice (jakuˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jakubice	Poland
country	Garie Beach is a patrolled beach in the lower Royal National Park, on the outskirts of southern Sydney, Australia.	Garie Beach	Australia
country	Place Bell is one of the tallest buildings in Ottawa, Canada (the fifth tallest in the downtown area) with a height of 94 metres (308 ft).	Place Bell	Canada
country	Marigliano is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania in Italy.	Marigliano	Italy
country	Akuşapeştə (also, Aquşapeştə and Agoshapeshta) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Akuşapeştə	Azerbaijan
country	The SNK European Democrats (Czech: SNK Evropští demokraté), is a small liberal conservative political party in the Czech Republic, led by Zdeňka Marková.	SNK European Democrats	Czech Republic
country	Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer is a commune (or Saint-Benectict-super-mare) in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.	Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer	France
country	Chrysoskalitissa Monastery (Greek: Μονή Χρυσοσκαλιτίσσης) is a 17th-century Orthodox Christian monastery located on the island of Crete, Greece.	Chrysoskalitissa Monastery	Greece
country	Lecce Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Lecce; Cattedrale dell'Assunzione della Virgine) is the cathedral of the city of Lecce in Apulia, Italy.	Lecce Cathedral	Italy
country	Meaux (French pronunciation: ​(mo)) is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in the metropolitan area of Paris, France.	Meaux	France
country	Ybbs (German pronunciation: (ˈɪps)) is a river in Lower Austria, and in Austria also the common short form to designate the little town Ybbs an der Donau.	Ybbs	Austria
country	In 2008, rugby league football's centenary year in Australia, the Country Rugby League named its 'Team of the Century':	Country Rugby League	Australia
country	Long Apu is a longhouse in the mountainous interior of the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Apu	Malaysia
country	Qarqan-e Sofla (Persian: قرقان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarqān-e Soflá; also known as Qūrqān-e Soflá) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qarqan-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Entre Ríos Railway (ERR) (in Spanish: Ferrocarril Entre Ríos) was a British-owned railway company that built and operated a 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) standard gauge railway network in Entre Ríos Province, between the rivers Uruguay and Paraná, in Argentina.	Entre Ríos Railway	Argentina
country	Castle of Warmian Bishops in Lidzbark Warmiński - a castle from the fourteenth century located in Lidzbark Warmiński, belonging to Poland's most precious Gothic architectural style buildings.	Castle of Warmian Bishops in Lidzbark Warmiński	Poland
country	The Imphal War Cemetery is located in Imphal, the capital of the Indian state of Manipur, in Northeast India, which has an international border with upper Burma (now Myanmar).	Imphal War Cemetery	India
country	The Upper Jhelum Canal is located on two rivers Jehlum and Chenab in the north of Punjab province, Pakistan.	Upper Jhelum Canal	Pakistan
country	Kondanagula is a village in Mahbubnagar district, India located 8 km from the town of Achampet.	Kondanagula	India
country	Gare de Nancy-Ville is the main railway station serving the city Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle department, northeastern France.	Gare de Nancy-Ville	France
country	The Wonnangatta Station was a cattle station located in a remote valley of the Victorian Alps, Australia.	Wonnangatta Station	Australia
country	Suwaiket Tower is a skyscraper situated in Khobar, Saudi Arabia.	Suwaiket Tower	Saudi Arabia
country	Peake railway station was on the Cork and Muskerry Light Railway in County Cork, Ireland.	Peake railway station	Ireland
country	Hacha Kandi (Persian: هاچاكندي‎, also Romanized as Hāchā Kandī) is a village in Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hacha Kandi	Iran
country	Rzepczyno (ʐɛpˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) (formerly German Repzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeżno, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rzepczyno	Poland
country	Zelenyi Bir is a small village in the Kiev Oblast of central Ukraine.	Zelenyi Bir	Ukraine
country	The Riesending cave (German: Riesending-Schachthöhle) is a pit cave in Untersberg and is the deepest in Germany.	Riesending cave	Germany
country	Döbern (Lower Sorbian Derbno, Polish Dębrzno) is a town in the district of Spree-Neiße, in southeastern Brandenburg, Germany.	Döbern	Germany
country	North Cornwall (Cornish: An Tiredh Uhel) is an area of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	North Cornwall	United Kingdom
country	Raron (French: Rarogne) is a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Raron	Switzerland
country	Garacharma is a census town in Andaman district of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India.	Garacharma	India
country	Bawana is a census town in the North West district of Delhi, India.	Bawana	India
country	Zhangwan District (simplified Chinese: 张湾区; traditional Chinese: 張灣區; pinyin: Zhāngwān Qū) is a district of the city of Shiyan, Hubei, People's Republic of China.	Zhangwan District	People's Republic of China
country	Vakhrusheve (Ukrainian: Вахрушеве, Russian: Вахрушево) is a city in Krasnyi Luch Municipality, Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Vakhrusheve	Ukraine
country	Fru Gunillas Gränd (Swedish: Alley of Mrs. Gunilla) is a historical alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, once connecting Skeppsbron to Österlånggatan between Johannesgränd and Packhusgränd.	Fru Gunillas Gränd	Sweden
country	Seyffardt and Reydon's deaths led to massive Nazi Germany reprisals in the occupied Netherlands, under Operation Silbertanne, supported by various German officers.	Operation Silbertanne	Germany
country	Baluchestan-e Shutavar (Persian: بلوچستان شوتاور‎, also Romanized as Balūchestān-e Shūtāvar; also known as Balūchestān Yek) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Baluchestan-e Shutavar	Iran
country	Torunik (Armenian: Տորունիք, also Romanized as Torunik'' and Toruniq; formerly, Shikhlar, Kizlshafak, Kizilshafak, Kizilshafag) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Torunik	Armenia
country	Nawamin Road (Thai: ถนนนวมินทร์) or Thailand Route 3202 is a highway in Bangkok, Thailand.	Nawamin Road	Thailand
country	Cheruthoni is a hamlet on the Cheruthoni River: a major tributary of the Periyar River, the second longest river in Kerala state, South India.	Cheruthoni	India
country	Humięcino (xumjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Humięcino	Poland
country	The Canal de Meaux à Chalifert is a canal in northern France connecting the Marne River at Meaux to the Marne at Chalifert.	Canal de Meaux à Chalifert	France
country	Saurimo (pre-1975: Henrique de Carvalho) is the capital of the Lunda Sul province of Angola, Saurimo has a population of approximately 200,000.	Saurimo	Angola
country	Darıkent (formerly Muhundu) is a small belde (town) in Mazgirt district of Tunceli Province, Turkey.	Darıkent	Turkey
country	Pyapon District (Burmese: ဖျာပုံခရိုင်) is a district of the Ayeyarwady Division in south western Myanmar.	Pyapon District	Myanmar
country	Nahshonim (Hebrew: נַחְשׁוֹנִים, lit. Pioneers) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Nahshonim	Israel
country	Vila Nova de Paiva (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈpajvɐ)) is a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal.	Vila Nova de Paiva	Portugal
country	Verkiai Palace (Lithuanian: Verkių rūmai) is an 18th-century neoclassical mansion in Verkiai, Vilnius, Lithuania.	Verkiai Palace	Lithuania
country	Noiseux is a village in the municipality of Somme-Leuze, in the province of Namur, Belgium.	Noiseux	Belgium
country	Lakers Public School & College, commonly known as LPS, is a private school located in Kathaltoli, Rangamati, Bangladesh.	Lakers Public School	Bangladesh
country	Gönyeli (Greek: Κιόνελι; Turkish: Gönyeli) is a town in Cyprus, near the capital city Nicosia.	Gönyeli	Cyprus
country	Korenica is a city in Lika, Croatia, located in the municipality of Plitvička Jezera, on the road between Plitvice and Udbina.	Korenica	Croatia
country	Solís is a resort (balneario) in the Maldonado Department of southeastern Uruguay.	Solís	Uruguay
country	Obkas (ˈɔpkas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Obkas	Poland
country	Slidre is the administrative centre of Vestre Slidre municipality, Norway.	Slidre	Norway
country	Uuemaarahu is a small, Baltic Sea islet comprising 0.0234 hectares belonging to the country of Estonia.	Uuemaarahu	Estonia
country	Domaikia is a town located in the municipality of Zuia, in the province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Domaikia	Spain
country	The Nexon Computer Museum is a museum on Jeju Island, South Korea.	Nexon Computer Museum	South Korea
country	Mchuchuma in south western Tanzania near Makete off the northern tip of Lake Nyasa, is the site of major coal deposits.	Mchuchuma	Tanzania
country	Owl Mountains Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Gór Sowich) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in the Owl Mountains in south-western Poland, established in 1991, covering an area of 81.41 square kilometres (31.43 sq mi).	Owl Mountains Landscape Park	Poland
country	Firebase Khe Gio (also known as Đầu Mầu Bridge or Khe Gio Bridge) is a former U.S. Marines and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) firebase west of Cam Lộ in central Vietnam.	Firebase Khe Gio	Vietnam
country	Igualada (Catalan pronunciation: (iɣwəˈɫaðə)) is a municipality of the province of Barcelona in Spain.	Igualada	Spain
country	Undløse Church (Danish: Undløse Kirke) is located in the village of Undløse some 17 km (11 mi) southwest of Holbæk in northern Zealand, Denmark.	Undløse Church	Denmark
country	Anjiruk (Persian: انجيروك‎, also Romanized as Ānjīrūk; also known as Anjīrak, Anjīrbok, and Anjīrok) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Anjiruk	Iran
country	The Southern Aurora was an overnight express passenger train that operated between Australia's two largest cities, Sydney and Melbourne.	Southern Aurora	Australia
country	Arenal River is a river of Costa Rica that is a tributary of the San Carlos River.	Arenal River	Costa Rica
country	Embūte (German: Amboten) is a village in the Embūte parish, Vaiņode municipality of Latvia.	Embūte	Latvia
country	Giv'at Avni (Hebrew: גִּבְעַת אַבְנִי) is a communal settlement in the Lower Galilee Regional Council, Israel.	Giv'at Avni	Israel
country	Großer Wostevitzer Teich is a lake on Jasmund peninsula of the island Rügen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Großer Wostevitzer Teich	Germany
country	Qeysnab (Persian: قيصناب‎, also Romanized as Qeyşnāb and Qeysnāb) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeysnab	Iran
country	San Ignacio Airfield (IATA: SGM) (Spanish: Aeropuerto de San Ignacio) is a public paved airstrip located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of San Ignacio, Municipality of Mulegé, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	San Ignacio Airfield	Mexico
country	King Khalid Air Base is an airbase of Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF) sited in the south-west of Saudi Arabia, near Khamis Mushait.	King Khalid Air Base	Saudi Arabia
country	The Cosmodome is the home to both Space Camp Canada and the Space Science Center (a museum).	Cosmodome	Canada
country	Poykent, an ancient city in Uzbekistan, is located in the lower stream of Zarafshan River and was one of the largest cities of the oasis.	Poykent	Uzbekistan
country	Bahrom Vafoev Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Mubarek, Uzbekistan.	Bahrom Vafoev Stadium	Uzbekistan
country	Lake Tatawai was a tidal freshwater lake located immediately north of Lake Waipori in Otago, in New Zealand's South Island.	Lake Tatawai	New Zealand
country	Vicenza railway station (Italian: Stazione di Vicenza) (IATA: VNZ) serves the town and comune of Vicenza, in the Veneto region, northeastern Italy.	Vicenza railway station	Italy
country	Tärendö is a small locality in Norrbotten County, Sweden with 208 inhabitants in 2000.	Tärendö	Sweden
country	CIVI-DT, UHF digital channel 23, is a CTV Two owned-and-operated television station located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	CIVI-DT	Canada
country	The Roncovalgrande Hydroelectric Plant, also known as the Delio Hydroelectric Plant, is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of Maccagno in the Province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy.	Roncovalgrande Hydroelectric Plant	Italy
country	Mowtowr-e Akbar Vasheh Nazer (Persian: موتوراكبروشه نظر‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Akbar Vasheh Naz̧er) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Akbar Vasheh Nazer	Iran
country	Svislach Castle (Belarusian: Свіслацкі замак) was a castle that lay in the lands of present day Belarus on the right bank of the Byarezina River in the place where it meets the Svislach River.	Svislach Castle	Belarus
country	Grouville Church is one of the twelve ancient parish churches in the island of Jersey; it is sited in the eastern parish of Grouville.	Grouville Church	Jersey
country	Inspired Teacher (alternatively termed President's Inspired Teacher) is the highest civilian recognition for University-level teachers in the Republic of India in the form of an in-residence program with the President of India at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi.	Inspired Teacher	India
country	Moscow Raceway is an FIA-approved motor racing venue, which is situated in the Volokolamsky District of Moscow Oblast, near the villages of Sheludkovo and Fedyukovo, 97 kilometres (60 mi) from Moscow, Russia.	Moscow Raceway	Russia
country	Akeno Air Field (ICAO: RJOE) is a military aerodrome of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force.	Akeno Air Field	Japan
country	Gałąźnia Mała (ɡaˈwɔ̃ʑɲa ˈmawa) (German Klein Gansen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gałąźnia Mała	Poland
country	Trabzon (see other names, Turkish pronunciation: (ˈtrabzon)) is a city on the Black Sea coast of northeastern Turkey and the capital of Trabzon Province.	Trabzon	Turkey
country	Raab is a market town (Marktgemeinde) in the district of Schärding in Upper Austria in Austria.	Raab	Austria
country	Mehadia (Hungarian: Mehádia; German: Mehadia; Turkish: Mehadiye) is a small market town and commune in Caraş-Severin County, Romania.	Mehadia	Romania
country	Salim Bahram (Persian: سليم بهرام‎, also Romanized as Salīm Bahrām) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salim Bahram	Iran
country	The 751-metre-high Gebaberg, also called the Hohe Geba or Die Geba, is the highest point of the Anterior Rhön (Vorderer Rhön) and lies in southern Thuringia in Germany.	Gebaberg	Germany
country	The Basel Connecting Line, including railway Basel Baden station, Basel SBB station and Basel marshalling yard is equipped for Swiss locomotives without special technical equipment and can be used by services from Germany.	Basel Connecting Line	Germany
country	Šeškinė is a fairly new district located in the north of Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, built in 1977 as a microdistrict.	Šeškinė	Lithuania
country	The Real Insurance Sydney Harbour 10k is an Australian 10 km road race, held annually in Sydney, Australia.	Real Insurance Sydney Harbour 10k	Australia
country	The Nuestra Señora del Patrocinio de Maria Parish Church (Our Lady of Patronage of Mary Parish Church), commonly known as Boljoon Church, is a Roman Catholic Church dedicated to the Our Lady of Patrocinio in the municipality of Boljoon, Cebu, Philippines, under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cebu.	Boljoon Church	Philippines
country	Château d'Alba-la-Romaine is a château in Alba-la-Romaine, Ardèche, in southeast France.	Château d'Alba-la-Romaine	France
country	Auroville (City of Dawn) is an experimental township in Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India, near Puducherry in South India.	Auroville	India
country	Simunye Airfield (ICAO: FDSM ) is an airstrip serving Simunye, in Swaziland.	Simunye Airfield	Swaziland
country	The Khmer National Army (French: Armée Nationale Khmère -- ANK) commonly known as the ''Cambodian Army'', was the ground forces'' branch of the Khmer National Armed Forces (FANK), the official military of the Khmer Republic during the Cambodian Civil War between 1970 and 1975.	Khmer National Army	Khmer Republic
country	Kiryat Motzkin (Hebrew: קִרְיַת מוֹצְקִין) is a city in the Haifa District of Israel, 8 kilometres (5 miles) north of the city of Haifa.	Kiryat Motzkin	Israel
country	Kochi ((koˈtʃːi )), also known as Cochin (KO-chin), is a major port city on the south-west coast of India by the Arabian Sea and is part of the district of Ernakulam in the state of Kerala.	Kochi	India
country	The Vital Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, bounded by Fall Creek, Silver Creek and Kenny Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Vital Range	Canada
country	Hottah Lake is the sixth largest lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Hottah Lake	Canada
country	Cremin is a municipality in the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Cremin	Switzerland
country	Tytlewo (tɨtˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tytlewo	Poland
country	Shri Kuruvathi Basaveshwara temple at Kuruvathi (Kannada: ಕುರುವತ್ತಿ) is one of the ancient and historic temples at the extreme south-western corner of Hoovina Hadagali taluk, Bellary District, Karnataka, India.	Kuruvathi Basaveshwara temple	India
country	Acquacheta is a stream in the province of Forlì-Cesena, Romagna, northern Italy.	Acquacheta	Italy
country	Muradalılı (also, Muradally) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Muradalılı	Azerbaijan
country	The Civic United Front (CUF; Kiswahili: Chama Cha Wananchi) is a liberal party in Tanzania.	Civic United Front	Tanzania
country	Jendarata Airport (ICAO: WMAJ) is a private airport located in the Jendarata near the town of Teluk Intan, Perak, Malaysia.	Jendarata Airport	Malaysia
country	Dolnja Briga (pronounced (ˈdoːlnja ˈbɾiːɡa); in older sources also Dolenja Briga, German: Niedertiefenbach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Dolnja Briga	Slovenia
country	The Ixchayá River is a river in Guatemala flowing from the Guatemalan highlands into the Pacific Ocean.	Ixchayá River	Guatemala
country	Paranatama is a municipality/city in the state of Pernambuco in Brazil.	Paranatama	Brazil
country	Edessa railway station (Greek: Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Εδέσσης, Sidirodromikós Stathmós Edéssis) is the railway station of Edessa in Central Macedonia, Greece.	Edessa railway station	Greece
country	Prvanj (Cyrillic: Првањ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Prvanj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ajax Bay is a settlement on East Falkland, in the Falkland Islands, It is on the north west coast, on the shore of San Carlos Water, a few miles from Port San Carlos.	Ajax Bay	Falkland Islands
country	The French Communist Party (French: Parti communiste français, PCF ; French pronunciation: ​(paʁti kɔmynist fʁɑ̃ˈsɛ)) is a communist party in France.	French Communist Party	France
country	Sylvenstein Dam is an earthen embankment dam in the Isar valley, in the alpine part of Upper Bavaria, Germany which impounds the Sylvenstein Reservoir (German: Sylvensteinspeicher).	Sylvenstein Dam	Germany
country	Lago Escondido is a village and lake in the Ushuaia department in Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina.	Lago Escondido	Argentina
country	Dolnji Križ (pronounced (ˈdoːlnji ˈkɾiːʃ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolnji Križ	Slovenia
country	The Judgement Tower (Slovene: Sodni stolp) is a fortified medieval tower in the city of Maribor, Slovenia.	Judgement Tower	Slovenia
country	Administrative region is a term of art used for a type territorial entity in Brazil.	Administrative region	Brazil
country	Allaippiddi or Allaipiddy (Tamil: அல்லைப்பிட்டி, Sinhalese: අලපිටිය Alapitiya) is a village within the Velanai Island in the Jaffna peninsula within Sri Lanka's Northern Province.	Allaippiddi	Sri Lanka
country	Trinitas Senior High School is a Catholic Private High School founded in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia, in 1963 by Sisters of Divine Providence under the local name SMA Trinitas Bandung .	Trinitas Senior High School	Indonesia
country	Zapote Bobal is the modern name for a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site located south of the San Pedro Martir river in the Petén department of Guatemala.	Zapote Bobal	Guatemala
country	Abtaf-e Olya (Persian: ابطاف عليا‎, also Romanized as Ābţāf-e ``Olyā; also known as Ābţāf) is a village in Murmuri Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112, in 18 families.	Abtaf-e Olya	Iran
country	Bøverdal is a valley in Lom municipality in the county of Oppland, Norway.	Bøverdal	Norway
country	Dhour El Choueir (Arabic: ضهور الشوير‎) is a mountain town in Lebanon ('dhour' meaning 'summit, top (of a mountain)').	Dhour El Choueir	Lebanon
country	Overport is a hilly residential area in Durban, South Africa.	Overport	South Africa
country	Siha Mashariki is a town and ward in Hai District in the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.	Siha Mashariki	Tanzania
country	Siilitie (Swedish: Igelkottsvägen), literally ``Hedgehog Road'', is a road in the suburb of Herttoniemi in eastern Helsinki, Finland.	Siilitie	Finland
country	San Basso is a Baroque style deconsecrated Roman Catholic church in central Venice, Italy; it now serves as a concert hall.	San Basso	Italy
country	Ulsnis (Danish: Ulsnæs) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Ulsnis	Germany
country	The Taichung Power Plant (Chinese: 台中發電廠; pinyin: Táizhōng Fādiànchǎng) is a coal-fired power plant in Longjing, Taichung, Taiwan.	Taichung Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Rabba (Arabic: الربة‎) is a town in Jordan in the Karak Governorate.	Rabba	Jordan
country	Ormeniș (German: Ermesch; Hungarian: Ürmös) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.	Ormeniș	Romania
country	Sărmășag Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Sărmășag, Sălaj County with estimated coal reserves of 10.6 million tonnes.	Sărmășag Coal Mine	Romania
country	Lake Nokoué is a lake in the southern part of the West African nation of Benin;.	Lake Nokoué	Benin
country	Villa romana de Río Verde is a Roman villa on the coast of Marbella, Spain.	Villa romana de Río Verde	Spain
country	Varsenare is a town in Jabbeke, part of Flanders and Belgium.	Varsenare	Belgium
country	Burtnieki parish (Latvian: Burtnieku pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Valmiera District, Latvia.	Burtnieki parish	Latvia
country	Erdenetsogt (Mongolian: Эрдэнэцогт, Jewel tsogt) is a sum (district) of Bayankhongor Province in southern Mongolia.	Erdenetsogt	Mongolia
country	Borkenan-e Sofla (Persian: بركنان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Borkenān-e Soflá; also known as Būrkenān-e Soflá) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Borkenan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bătarci (Hungarian: Batarcs, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbɒtɒrtʃ)) is a commune of 3,612 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Bătarci	Romania
country	Kungwini Local Municipality was a local municipality in the Metsweding District of Gauteng in South Africa.	Kungwini Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Vilamoura is an unincorporated area on the southern coast of Portugal, comprising one of the largest single tourist complexes in Europe and with about 2,000 hectares of land.	Vilamoura	Portugal
country	Polski Senovets ( is a village in Veliko Tarnovo Province, north-central Bulgaria.	Polski Senovets	Bulgaria
country	Šodolovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Шодоловци) is a village and a municipality in Osijek-Baranja County, Croatia.	Šodolovci	Croatia
country	The Catechetical Centre, Karachi is the organization responsible for catechesis in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi in Pakistan.	Catechetical Centre, Karachi	Pakistan
country	Walk to Guangzhou (simplified Chinese: 行路上广州; traditional Chinese: 行路上廣州) is a fund raising campaign held each year to raise awareness in the poor situation of education in the People's Republic of China.	Walk to Guangzhou	People's Republic of China
country	Pudimadaka or Pudi Madaka (Telugu: పూడిమడక) is a village in Achutapuram mandal of Visakhapatnam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pudimadaka	India
country	Lake Tragadero (Spanish: ``Laguna Tragadero'') is a lake in the Junín Region in Peru.	Lake Tragadero	Peru
country	Bregnør Fiskerleje is a fishing village to the northeast of Odense, and northwest of Kerteminde in Kerteminde Municipality, Funen, Denmark.	Bregnør Fiskerleje	Denmark
country	Dalian Nationalities University (Chinese: 大连民族大学; pinyin: Dàlián Mínzú Dàxué) is located in Dalian, Liaoning, People's Republic of China and directly supervised by the State Ethnic Affairs Commission.	Dalian Nationalities University	People's Republic of China
country	Jauja (Shawsha Wanka Quechua: Shawsha or Shausha, formerly in Spanish Xauxa, with pronunciation of ``x'' as ``sh'') is a city and capital of Jauja Province in Peru.	Jauja	Peru
country	Morges District is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Morges District	Switzerland
country	Mowtowr-e Gol Mohammad Palangi (Persian: موتورگل محمدپلنگي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gol Moḩammad Palangī) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Gol Mohammad Palangi	Iran
country	Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport is a disused airport in Kraków, Poland, one of the oldest permanent airfields in Europe, open for occasional traffic by certain types of aircraft.	Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport	Poland
country	The Gâra Djebilet mine is a large iron mine located in western Algeria in the Tindouf Province.	Gâra Djebilet mine	Algeria
country	Zhang County or Zhangxian is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Zhang County	People's Republic of China
country	The Plateau de Millevaches (in Occitan Replanat de Miuvachas) is an upland area in the Limousin région of France.	Plateau de Millevaches	France
country	Leinefelde-Worbis is a town in the district of Eichsfeld, in northwestern Thuringia, Germany.	Leinefelde-Worbis	Germany
country	Aleppo International Airport (Arabic: مطار حلب الدولي‎) (IATA: ALP, ICAO: OSAP) is an international airport serving Aleppo, Syria.	Aleppo International Airport	Syria
country	Prešov Air Base (IATA: POV, ICAO: LZPW) is a military airport located in Prešov, a city in the Prešov Region in Slovakia.	Prešov Air Base	Slovakia
country	Pereked (Croatian: Prekad) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Pereked	Hungary
country	The Franzis Verlag GmbH is a German publisher based in Haar, Germany and part of the WEKA-Verlagsgruppe.	Franzis Verlag	Germany
country	Ölcələr (also, Olcalar, Kuybyshev, Ol’dzhalyar, and Ülcälär) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ölcələr	Azerbaijan
country	The site of a Roman siege during the Great Revolt of the 1st century CE, Gamla is a symbol of heroism for the modern state of Israel and an important historical and archaeological site.	Gamla	Israel
country	Worniny (vɔrˈninɨ) (German: Warneinen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Worniny	Poland
country	Crnač (Cyrillic: Црнач) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Crnač	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sir Frederick Banting Secondary School is a high school located in London, Ontario, Canada.	Sir Frederick Banting Secondary School	Canada
country	Mossoró (Portuguese pronunciation: (mosoˈɾɔ)) is the second most populous city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil, and also the largest municipality of that state.	Mossoró	Brazil
country	Little Ring Mountain, also called Little Ring Peak, is a tuya in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Little Ring Mountain	Canada
country	Morrison Academy Kaohsiung (MAK) is a K-10 Christian International school in Dashe District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Morrison Academy Kaohsiung	Taiwan
country	Bartoušov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbartou̯ʃof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Bartoušov	Czech Republic
country	Tosen Chapel or Lande Chapel (Norwegian: Tosen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Tosen Chapel	Norway
country	Gandajika Airport (IATA: GDJ, ICAO: FZWC) is an airport serving Gandajika, a territory in the Kabinda district of the Kasaï-Oriental province, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gandajika Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Nesjøen (sometimes just Nesjø) is an artificial lake (reservoir) in the Nea-Nidelv watershed which lies in the Sylan region of the municipality of Tydal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Nesjøen	Norway
country	Picar is a village and a former municipality in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Picar	Albania
country	Suri-dong (Hangul: 수리동; hanja: 修理洞) is neighbourhood of Gunpo, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Suri-dong	South Korea
country	Zbaków Dolny (ˈzbakuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zbaków Dolny	Poland
country	The Bendora Dam is a thin-wall, double curvature concrete arch dam across the upper reaches of the Cotter River, located within Namadgi National Park in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Bendora Dam	Australia
country	Srbac (Serbian Cyrillic: Србац), is a town and municipality on the northern border of Bosnia and Herzegovina with Croatia.	Srbac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Raabs an der Thaya is a municipality with 3,114 inhabitants in Waidhofen an der Thaya (district) in the Waldviertel of Lower Austria, near the Austrian border with the Czech Republic.	Raabs an der Thaya	Austria
country	Ramsan is an island in the Stockholm archipelago, and part of the Norrtälje Municipality, located in Sweden.	Ramsan	Sweden
country	The Kokra (pronounced (ˈkoːkɾa)) is a river of Slovenia.	Kokra	Slovenia
country	The Atlantic Sea-Park (Norwegian: Atlanterhavsparken) is an aquarium in Ålesund, Norway.	Atlantic Sea-Park	Norway
country	Siumu is a village on the central south coast of Upolu island in Samoa.	Siumu	Samoa
country	The Hamelin Pool Marine Nature Reserve is a protected marine nature reserve located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Shark Bay in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.	Hamelin Pool Marine Nature Reserve	Australia
country	San Rafael del Moján is a town in Zulia State in Venezuela.	San Rafael del Moján	Venezuela
country	Bagh-e Band Bozorg (Persian: باغ بندبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Band Bozorg) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District, Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Band Bozorg	Iran
country	The Garibaldi Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field, located in British Columbia, Canada.	Garibaldi Lake volcanic field	Canada
country	Czaplice-Piłaty (t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ piˈwatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czaplice-Piłaty	Poland
country	Mustavuori (Finnish), Svarta backen (Swedish) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Mustavuori	Finland
country	Prilep (Macedonian: Прилеп (ˈpriːlɛp)) is the fourth largest city in the Republic of Macedonia.	Prilep	Macedonia
country	Khojabaykul (Persian: خواجه بایکول ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Khojabaykul	Tajikistan
country	Illanmaster or Illaunmaistir (Irish: Oileán Máistir) is an uninhabited steep rocky island rising to about 100m, lying just off the north coast of County Mayo, Ireland and 19km west of Ballycastle.	Illanmaster	Ireland
country	Lämmerensee is a lake on Lämmerenalp in the municipality of Leukerbad in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Lämmerensee	Switzerland
country	Kalinganagar is a planned industrial and modern town in Jajpur district of coastal Odisha, India.	Kalinganagar	India
country	Former Home Minister of India Shri.Shivraj Vishwanathrao Patil Chakurkar is belongs to Chakur	Chakur	India
country	Storm Financial Limited was a financial advice company, based in Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Storm Financial	Australia
country	Stare Drawsko (ˈstarɛ ˈdrafskɔ) (German: Draheim, old Polish: Drahim before 1945) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Drawsko	Poland
country	Finnish Lakeland or Finnish lake district (Finnish: Järvi-Suomi, ``Lake Finland'', Swedish: Insjöfinland) is the largest of the four landscape regions into which the geography of Finland is divided.	Finnish Lakeland	Finland
country	Shihezi (Chinese: 石河子; pinyin: Shíhézǐ; literally: ``Stony river banks''; Uyghur: شىخەنزە‎, ULY: Shixenze, UYY: Xihənzə?) is a sub-prefecture-level city in northern Xinjiang, People's Republic of China.	Shihezi	People's Republic of China
country	Melleh Shahal (Persian: مله شهال‎, also Romanized as Melleh Shahāl) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Melleh Shahal	Iran
country	The South West Coast Path Association (SWCPA) is a United Kingdom registered charity which exists to promote the interests of users of the South West Coast Path, the longest National Trail in Britain at 630 miles (1014 km).	South West Coast Path Association	United Kingdom
country	The Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster is an enclosed steel wild mouse roller coaster located at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster	Australia
country	XHUAR-FM (Órbita 106.7) is a Rock En Español and News radio station licensed to Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, owned by IMER (Instituto Mexicano de la Radio), Mexico's public radio network.	XHUAR-FM	Mexico
country	Kofeba is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Kita Ouest in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Kofeba	Mali
country	Penyagalera (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌpɛɲəɣəˈɫɛɾə), locally: (ˌpeɲaɣaˈleɾa)) is a rocky mountain in the northern side of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit, Aragon, Spain.	Penyagalera	Spain
country	Sipiyəpart (also, Sipiyət, Sipiya, and Sipiyad) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sipiyəpart	Azerbaijan
country	The Battle of San Lorenzo was fought on February 3, 1813 in San Lorenzo, Argentina, then part of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata.	Battle of San Lorenzo	Argentina
country	Telečka (Serbian Cyrillic: Телечка, Hungarian: Bácsgyulafalva) is a village in Serbia.	Telečka	Serbia
country	Nottjärn is a small lake in the city of Ludvika, Sweden.	Nottjärn	Sweden
country	The Hagwilget Village First Nation is a First Nations band government of the Wet'suwet'en subgroup of the Dakelh (Carrier) people, located at Hagwilget, British Columbia, Canada, which is just east of Hazelton, British Columbia.	Hagwilget Village First Nation	Canada
country	The Thousandth Anniversary of Islam Mosque or The Anniversary Mosque (Russian: Мечеть 1000-летия принятия Ислама, Мечеть Юбилейная, Mechet 1000-letiya prinyatiya Islama, Mechet Yubileynaya) was built in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia to commemorate the thousandth anniversary of the Islamization of the Volga Bulgars in 922.	The Thousandth Anniversary of Islam Mosque	Russia
country	Brzozowo-Solniki (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ sɔlˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo-Solniki	Poland
country	In Brazil, the Military Firefighters Corps (Port:Corpo de Bombeiros Militar) is a military organization with the mission of civil defense, firefighting, and search and rescue inside the States of the Federation.	Military Firefighters Corps	Brazil
country	Adchit (in Arabic عدشيت) is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon located north of the Litani River.	Adchit	Lebanon
country	Kahriz-e Boqazi (Persian: كهريزبقازي‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Boqāzī and Kahrīz Boqāzī; also known as Kahrīz Boghāzī, Kahrizé Boghazi, and Kārīz Bukāz) is a village in Sardrud-e Olya Rural District, Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Boqazi	Iran
country	Buruntza (441 m) is a minor mountain in the Basque Country (Spain) 12 km south of San Sebastian.	Buruntza	Spain
country	Darreh Mal (Persian: درهمال‎, also Romanized as Darreh Māl; also known as Darreh Māl-e Abraj, Darreh Mālī, Darreh Mālī, and Darreh Mān) is a village in Abarj Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Mal	Iran
country	Markthalle Hamburg is a convention center located at Klosterwall, Hammerbrook in the city of Hamburg, Germany.	Markthalle Hamburg	Germany
country	Przyciesie (pʂɨˈt͡ɕeɕe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Przyciesie	Poland
country	Sirom-e Olya (Persian: سيرم عليا‎‎, also Romanized as Sīrom-e ʿOlyā) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sirom-e Olya	Iran
country	Motor Trades Association of Australia Superannuation Fund (MTAA Super) was established in 1989 for the motor trades and allied industries.	MTAA Super	Australia
country	The Communauté de communes Baie de Somme Sud is a communauté de communes in the Somme département and in the Picardie région of France.	Communauté de communes Baie de Somme Sud	France
country	Volary (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvolarɪ); German: Wallern) is a town in South Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Volary	Czech Republic
country	Mazraeh-ye Raziabad (Persian: مزرعه رضي اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Raz̤īābād) is a village in Ak Rural District, Esfarvarin District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 20 families.	Mazraeh-ye Raziabad	Iran
country	Lake Yanisyarvi (Russian: Янисъярви; Finnish: Jänisjärvi) is a lake in the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located north of and draining to Lake Ladoga.	Lake Yanisyarvi	Russia
country	Qırmızı Qəsəbə (formerly in Russian: Krasnaya Sloboda, English: Red Town) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qırmızı Qəsəbə	Azerbaijan
country	Rancho Chávez Airstrip is a private dirt airstrip located 7 km West of Mulegé, Municipality of Mulegé, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	Rancho Chávez Airstrip	Mexico
country	The Swedish Industrial Union (Industrifacket) was a general trade union in Sweden.	Swedish Industrial Union	Sweden
country	Velika Plaža (Cyrillic: Велика Плажа, pronounced (ʋɛ̂likaː plǎːʒa), Albanian: Plazhi i Madh, English: Long Beach) is a beach in Ulcinj Municipality, Montenegro.	Velika Plaža	Montenegro
country	Alushta (Ukrainian and Russian: Алу́шта; Crimean Tatar: Aluşta; Greek: Ἄλουστον) is a city of regional significance on the southern coast of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in Ukraine claimed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Alushta	Ukraine	Russia
country	Alagappa University is on about 420 acres (1.7 km2) in the business town of Karaikudi in Sivaganga District in Tamil Nadu, India.	Alagappa University	India
country	Nowy Rękawiec (ˈnɔvɨ rɛŋˈkavjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowy Rękawiec	Poland
country	Astana International Airport (Kazakh: Халықаралық Астана Әуежайы, Russian: Международный Аэропорт Астана) (IATA: TSE, ICAO: UACC) is an international airport in Kazakhstan located 16.7 km (10.4 mi) southeast of the capital Astana.	Astana International Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Chepén is a city of La Libertad Region and capital of the Chepén Province, in Peru.	Chepén	Peru
country	Agharabparast Expressway is an expressway in southern Isfahan, Iran.	Agharabparast Expressway	Iran
country	Osieka (ɔˈɕeka) (German: Hermenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Osieka	Poland
country	Gava Sara-ye Olya (Persian: گواسراعليا‎, also Romanized as Gavā Sarā-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 70 families.	Gava Sara-ye Olya	Iran
country	Chałupczyn (xaˈwupt͡ʂɨn) (German: Hufen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Chałupczyn	Poland
country	The Shopping City Süd (SCS) is a shopping centre located in Vösendorf and Wiener Neudorf, south of Vienna, Austria.	Shopping City Süd	Austria
country	Bodmin Parkway railway station (Cornish: Fordh Bosvena) is a station on the Cornish Main Line and serves the nearby town of Bodmin, Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Bodmin Parkway railway station	United Kingdom
country	Ab Paran (Persian: اب پران‎, also Romanized as Āb Parān; also known as Ūporon) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ab Paran	Iran
country	Taksiseh-ye Olya (Persian: تاكسيسه عليا‎, also Romanized as Tāksīseh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 14 families.	Taksiseh-ye Olya	Iran
country	Kadakkal Riot Case is listed by the Home Ministry, Government of India as one of the 39 movements that led to India getting freedom from the British Raj.	Kadakkal	India
country	Brebu Nou (German: Weidenthal; Hungarian: Temesfő) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania, with a population of 86 people.	Brebu Nou	Romania
country	The Armenhoef is a monumental farm on the Oirschotseweg 117 in the North Brabantian town Best in the Netherlands.	Armenhoef	Netherlands
country	Dharmapuram Adheenam is a Saivite mutt or monastic institution based in the town of Mayiladuthurai,kodumudi magudeswara temple India.	Dharmapuram Adheenam	India
country	Trachy (ˈtraxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Trachy	Poland
country	Cavaellon or Cavaillon, (Haitian Creole: Kavayon) is a commune and a rural town located in the Aquin Arrondissementof the Sud Department of Haiti.	Cavaellon	Haiti
country	Qaleh-ye Puladi (Persian: قلعه پولادي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Pūlādī; also known as Qalehfolādī) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 25 families.	Qaleh-ye Puladi	Iran
country	El Ballestero is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain; it is 68 km west of Albacete.	El Ballestero	Spain
country	Pawiak (Polish pronunciation: (ˈpavjak)) was a prison built in 1835 in Warsaw, Poland.	Pawiak	Poland
country	Gopło (ˈɡɔpwɔ) is a lake in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland, near the city of Gniezno.	Gopło	Poland
country	Gornja Dubrava (pronounced (ɡôːrɲaː dǔbraʋa)) is one of the districts of Zagreb, Croatia.	Gornja Dubrava	Croatia
country	Garfield railway station is located on the Orbost line in Victoria, Australia.	Garfield railway station	Australia
country	The Satsar Lake or Sat Sar (literal English translation: ``the seven lakes'') consists of seven small alpine lakes situated in the Kashmir Valley, in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Satsar Lake	India
country	Montélimar (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃.te.li.maʁ); Latin name: Acumum, and Montelaimar in Occitan) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.	Montélimar	France
country	Hagen-Haspe is a borough of the city of Hagen in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Hagen-Haspe	Germany
country	Treverbyn is a civil parish and village in mid-Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treverbyn	United Kingdom
country	The Tabun Cave is an excavated cave located at Nahal Me'arot Nature Reserve, Israel and is one of Human Evolution sites at Mount Carmel, which were proclaimed as having universal value by UNESCO in 2012.	Tabun Cave	Israel
country	Kargazlu (Persian: كرگزلو‎, also Romanized as Kargazlū and Kargezlū; also known as Gergazu and Karkazlū) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kargazlu	Iran
country	Cyrrhus (/ˈsɪrəs/; Greek: Κύρρος Kyrrhos) was a city in ancient Syria founded by Seleucus Nicator, one of Alexander the Great's generals.	Cyrrhus	Syria
country	The Mersing River (Malay: Sungai Mersing) is a river in Johor state Malaysia.	Mersing River	Malaysia
country	V8 Supercars RedLine is a racing simulator based upon Australia's V8 Supercars series.	V8 Supercars RedLine	Australia
country	Onuškis (Polish: Hanuszyszki) is a town in Lithuania in the Trakai district municipality, around 30 km (19 mi) from Trakai and 16 km (9.9 mi) south of Aukštadvaris.	Onuškis	Lithuania
country	Bhoothpur is a City in Bhoothpur Mandal in Mahbubnagar District of Telangana State, India.	Bhoothpur	India
country	Cerro Bolívar is a mountain in the state of Bolívar, Venezuela, about 600 metres high.	Cerro Bolívar	Venezuela
country	The Col de la Core (elevation 1,395 m (4,577 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Ariège department of France in the Pyrenees.	Col de la Core	France
country	Dassa-Zoumé, often shortened to Dassa, is a city in Benin, on the Cotonou to Parakou railway and the main north-south highway.	Dassa-Zoumé	Benin
country	Anhui Normal University (Chinese: 安徽师范大学; pinyin: Ānhuī Shīfàn Dàxué) is an institution of higher learning in Wuhu, Anhui Province of the People's Republic of China.	Anhui Normal University	People's Republic of China
country	Horlivka (Ukrainian: Горлівка Ukrainian pronunciation: (ˈɦɔrliu̯kɑ)); also known by its Russian name Gorlovka (Russian: Горловка) or Gorlowka while a part of the Soviet Union, is a city of regional significance in the Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Horlivka	Ukraine
country	Slavonski Brod (pronounced (slǎv̞ɔ̝ːnskiː brɔ̝̂ːd)) is a city in eastern Croatia, with a population of 80,000 in 2011.	Slavonski Brod	Croatia
country	Europark Idroscalo Milano is an amusement park in Segrate, Italy, near Milan.	Europark Idroscalo Milano	Italy
country	Wedge Island lighthouse is a lighthouse on Wedge Island, lying at the entrance to Spencer Gulf in South Australia.	Wedge Island lighthouse	Australia
country	Brestovo, Blagoevgrad Province is a village in Simitli Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, in southwestern Bulgaria.	Brestovo, Blagoevgrad Province	Bulgaria
country	Durnacol is a small suburban town in the central part of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Durnacol	South Africa
country	The Men's 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships were held in Budapest, Hungary from October 18 to October 26.	1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships	Hungary
country	The Elithis tower is an office building with shops in Dijon, capital of the Bourgogne region of France.	Elithis tower	France
country	Býšť (German: Beischt) is a village near Hradec Králové in the Czech Republic.	Býšť	Czech Republic
country	Shikharji (Marathi: Śikharajī), Giridih district, Jharkhand, India, is located on Parasnath, the highest mountain of the Parasnath Range.	Shikharji	India
country	North Bengal (Bengali: উত্তরবঙ্গ) is a term used for the northern parts of Bangladesh and West Bengal.	North Bengal	Bangladesh
country	Concordian International School (Concordian) is a nursery to grade 12 school located in Bangkaew, Samutprakarn, Thailand.	Concordian International School	Thailand
country	Malá Čalomija (Hungarian: Kiscsalomja) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Malá Čalomija	Slovakia
country	Rampoha (pronounced (ˈɾaːmpɔxa); in older sources also Drampah, German: Dranbank, Gottscheerish: Dranponk) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia.	Rampoha	Slovenia
country	Pakiri is a locality in Auckland, in the former Rodney District of New Zealand.	Pakiri	New Zealand
country	Ryfast is a sub-sea tunnel system under construction in Norway.	Ryfast	Norway
country	The NSU Trial is the trial against several people in connection with the National Socialist Underground (NSU) -- an extreme-right terrorist organization in Germany -- and the NSU murders.	NSU Trial	Germany
country	Szápár (historically: Szapár) is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary in Zirc district.	Szápár	Hungary
country	The Kuala Lumpur Tower (Malay: Menara Kuala Lumpur; Chinese: 吉隆坡塔;abbreviated as KL Tower) is a tall tower located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Kuala Lumpur Tower	Malaysia
country	Qeshm International Airport (IATA: GSM, ICAO: OIKQ), (Persian: فرودگاه بين المللي قشم‎‎ -- Forūdgāh-e Bīn ol Mellī Qeshm), is an international airport near the village of Dayrestan roughly in the centre of Qeshm Island, off the south coast of Iran.	Qeshm International Airport	Iran
country	Bely Gorod (Russian: Бе́лый го́род, that is, ``White Town'') is the central core area of Moscow, Russia.	Bely Gorod	Russia
country	The Żarnowiec Nuclear Power Plant (Polish: Elektrownia Jądrowa Żarnowiec) was supposed to be the first nuclear power plant in Poland.	Żarnowiec Nuclear Power Plant	Poland
country	Dyrrachio (Greek: Δυρράχιο) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Falaisia, southwestern Arcadia, Greece.	Dyrrachio	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Talami (Persian: مزرعه تلمي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Talamī) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 21 families.	Mazraeh-ye Talami	Iran
country	Al Qusais or Al Gusais (Arabic: اﻟﻘﺼﻴﺺ ‎) is a large community in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Qusais	United Arab Emirates
country	Zinniaville is a small town in the city of Rustenburg, in the North West Province of South Africa.	Zinniaville	South Africa
country	The Rajang River (Malay: Sungai Rajang or Batang Rajang) is a river in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Rajang River	Malaysia
country	The Boralday River (Kazakh: Боралдай) is a river of southern Kazakhstan.	Boralday River	Kazakhstan
country	Grabarka-Klasztor (ɡraˈbarka ˈklaʂtɔr) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Grabarka-Klasztor	Poland
country	Jelenik (pronounced (jɛˈleːnik)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Jelenik	Slovenia
country	Gandabar (Persian: گندبر‎) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gandabar	Iran
country	Yatir Forest (Hebrew: יער יתיר‎) is a forest in Israel, located on the southern slopes of Mount Hebron, on the edge of the Negev Desert.	Yatir Forest	Israel
country	Les Abrets is a former commune in the Isère department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France.	Les Abrets	France
country	Bangemarkot is a Village Development Committee in Pyuthan, a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone, western Nepal.	Bangemarkot	Nepal
country	Cronadun Bridge railway station served the area of Letterbrick in County Donegal, Ireland.	Cronadun Bridge railway station	Ireland
country	Ecco Ripley is a new, master-planned community in the City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.	Ecco Ripley	Australia
country	Xaaxkax (also known as Yaaxbax) is a populated place in the Quintana Roo state of Mexico.	Xaaxkax	Mexico
country	Greenhills Shopping Center is a shopping mall complex in the city of San Juan in the Philippines.	Greenhills Shopping Center	Philippines
country	Mētriena parish (Latvian: Mētrienas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality, Latvia.	Mētriena parish	Latvia
country	Galu Darreh (Persian: گلودره‎, also Romanized as Galū Darreh) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Galu Darreh	Iran
country	Seyyedan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيدان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seyyedan Rural District	Iran
country	Improvement District No. 12 (Jasper National Park), or Improvement District No. 12, is an improvement district in Alberta, Canada.	Improvement District No. 12	Canada
country	Papaleh (Persian: پاپاله‎, also Romanized as Pāpāleh) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Papaleh	Iran
country	Kuzaran (Persian: كوزران‎, also Romanized as Kūzarān; also known as Kūzarān-e Sanjābī) is a city in and the capital of Kuzaran District, in Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kuzaran	Iran
country	Teyateyaneng is a town located in the district of Berea in Lesotho.	Teyateyaneng	Lesotho
country	Recherche et Industrie Thérapeutiques (R.I.T.) was founded in Genval, Belgium, as a penicillin factory in 1945 by Dr Pieter De Somer, who later became the founder of the Rega Institute for Medical Research and rector of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven, Belgium).	Recherche et Industrie Thérapeutiques	Belgium
country	Sirk'i Qullu (Aymara sirk'i wart, qullu mountain, ``wart mountain'', also spelled Serkhe Kkollu, Serkhe Khollu, Serkhe Kollu, Serque Qollu) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,546 m (18,196 ft) high.	Sirk'i Qullu	Bolivia
country	Boguty-Pianki (bɔˈɡutɨ ˈpjanki) is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boguty-Pianki	Poland
country	The Rangitata River is one of the braided rivers that helped form the Canterbury Plains in southern New Zealand.	Rangitata River	New Zealand
country	Świecie nad Osą (ˈɕfjɛt͡ɕɛ ˌnad ˈɔsɔ̃) is a village in Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Świecie nad Osą	Poland
country	Tataraimaka (Maori pronunciation, ``Ta-ta-rai-ma-ka'') is a rural coastal area in Taranaki, New Zealand.	Tataraimaka	New Zealand
country	LunEur (complete name Luna Park Permanente di Roma) was the largest amusement park in Rome and the oldest in Italy, dating back to 1953.	LunEur	Italy
country	La Louve is a private French contemporary garden, open to the public, in the town of Bonnieux in the Vaucluse Department of France.	La Louve	France
country	Airport Logistics Park Singapore (ALPS) is an industrial park created to support activities related to trade and air cargo at Singapore Changi Airport.	Airport Logistics Park	Singapore
country	XHGTS-FM 107.3 (branded as Me Gusta 107.3) is an International Contemporary Music format FM radio station that serves the Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico and Laredo, Texas, USA border area.	XHGTS-FM	Mexico
country	Environics Analytics was one of a group of companies to object to the removal of the Canada 2011 Census long form.	Environics Analytics	Canada
country	Minsk International Film Festival Listapad (Belarusian: Лiстапад, meaning ``November'') is annual film festival which takes place in November in Minsk, Belarus.	Listapad	Belarus
country	Siddharthnagar district (Hindi: सिद्धार्थनगर ज़िला) is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in Northern India.	Siddharthnagar district	India
country	Harlesiel is a resort town on the East Frisian coast of Germany, at the mouth of the Harle River.	Harlesiel	Germany
country	Kożuchy (kɔˈʐuxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kożuchy	Poland
country	Mundakkal (Malayalam: മുണ്ടയ്ക്കല്‍), also spelled Mundackal, is an important residential area and industrial hub situated in the city of Kollam, Kerala, India.	Mundakkal	India
country	Little Bow is a provincial electoral district in rural southern Alberta, Canada.	Little Bow	Canada
country	Kiato (Greek: Κιάτο) is a town in the northern part of Corinthia in the Peloponnese, Greece.	Kiato	Greece
country	Vajira Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลวชิระ/วชิรพยาบาล pronounced: wa-chi-ra / wa-chi-ra-pha-ya-ban) is one of the first hospitals in Thailand, founded by King Rama VI.	Vajira Hospital	Thailand
country	The Darley Classic, registered as the Victoria Racing Club Stakes is a Victoria Racing Club Group One Thoroughbred horse race for horses aged three years old and over, under weight for age conditions, over a distance of 1200 metres held at Flemington Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia on the last day of the VRC Spring Carnival.	Darley Classic	Australia
country	Övralid is a manor house north of Motala in Östergötland County, Sweden.	Övralid	Sweden
country	The Evangelical Theological Faculty (ETF), in Heverlee, Flanders, Belgium, is a private university in the Flemish Community of Belgium.	Evangelical Theological Faculty	Belgium
country	The Royal Automobile Club of Tasmania normally abbreviated to RACT is a motoring club in Tasmania, Australia.	Royal Automobile Club of Tasmania	Australia
country	Bavay (pronounced (bavɛ) ) is a French commune in the Nord department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of northern France.	Bavay	France
country	Kah Sara (Persian: كاه سرا‎, also Romanized as Kāh Sarā; also known as Ḩājjī Mīrzā Khān, Kāh Sareh, Kālsarā, Kāsareh, Kāsehrāh, and Kāsereh) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kah Sara	Iran
country	The Jardin de Planbuisson (1.5 hectares), also known as Bambous de Planbuisson, is a private botanical garden specializing in grasses and bamboo, located on Rue Montaigne, Le Buisson-de-Cadouin, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.	Jardin de Planbuisson	France
country	Ioannina (Greek: Ιωάννινα, Greek pronunciation: (io̞ˈɐ.ni.nɐ)), often called Yannena (Γιάννενα, Greek pronunciation: (ˈʝɐ.ne̞.nɐ)) within Greece, is the capital and largest city of Epirus, an administrative region in north-western Greece, with a population of 112,486 (in 2011).	Ioannina	Greece
country	The Jardin botanique de Besançon (Botanical Garden of Besançon), more formally the Jardin botanique de l'Université de Franche-Comté et de la Ville de Besançon, is a botanical garden located on the Place du Maréchal Leclerc, Besançon, Doubs, Franche-Comté, France.	Jardin botanique de Besançon	France
country	Ljeskov Dub (Serbian Cyrillic: Љесков Дуб) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ljeskov Dub	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Balkhash Airport or Balqash Airport (IATA: BXH, ICAO: UAAH) is an airport 6 km (3.7 mi) northeast the city of Balqash in Kazakhstan.	Balkhash Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Kuršinci (pronounced (ˈkuːɾʃintsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Kuršinci	Slovenia
country	Patilla Pata is a stratovolcano in the Oruro Department in Bolivia.	Patilla Pata	Bolivia
country	Gullsteinen is a large hill in Bergen, Norway.	Gullsteinen	Norway
country	The Malaita massacre inflicted a large number of deaths on the island of Malaita in the Solomon Islands in late 1927.	Malaita massacre	Solomon Islands
country	Nahr-e Sen (Persian: نهرسن‎; also known as Golshān, Rūstā-ye Sen, and Sen) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Sen	Iran
country	Tartu Toy Museum (Tartu Mänguasjamuuseum) is the biggest toy museum in the Baltic States, located in Tartu, Estonia.	Tartu Toy Museum	Estonia
country	Engcongolweni is a village about 22 kilometres (14 mi) North-West of Mzuzu along the M1, in the Mzimba district of Malawi.	Engcongolweni	Malawi
country	Gabicce Mare, also named Gabicce, is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino, in Italy, region Marche.	Gabicce Mare	Italy
country	Buka Island is the second largest island in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, in eastern Papua New Guinea.	Buka Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Babrungas (Samogitian: Babrungs) is a village in the Plungė district municipality, Lithuania.	Babrungas	Lithuania
country	Otmuchów (pronounced: (ɔtˈmuxuf)) (German: Ottmachau) is a town in Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, Poland, with 5,317 inhabitants (2004).	Otmuchów	Poland
country	The Chepo River is a river of Panama in the Chepo District of Panama Province.	Chepo River	Panama
country	Bobili is a village in the Ouham region in the Central African Republic.	Bobili	Central African Republic
country	Viskan is a river in the south west of Sweden.	Viskan	Sweden
country	Edessaikos F.C. (Greek: Εδεσσαϊκός) is a football club based in Edessa, Greece currently playing in the top league of Pella (fifth tier).	Edessaikos F.C.	Greece
country	Gajine (Serbian: Гајине) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gajine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Emperor Valley Zoo is the main zoo in Trinidad and Tobago.	Emperor Valley Zoo	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Kibanga, formerly called Lavigerieville, is a settlement in the South Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kibanga	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Saifee Villa (previously known as Lakshmigiri) is a mansion at 102, Thurstan Road in Colombo, Sri Lanka, located between Thunmulla Junction and College House, Colombo.	Saifee Villa	Sri Lanka
country	Administratively, Zhanbay Island belongs to Atyrau Region of Kazakhstan.	Zhanbay Island	Kazakhstan
country	Tây Lộc Airfield (also known as Huế Citadel Airfield) is a former United States Air Force (USAF), U.S. Army and Vietnam Air Force (VNAF) airfield located within the Huế Ciadel in Thừa Thiên--	Tây Lộc Airfield	Vietnam
country	Jakandar (Persian: جكاندر‎, also Romanized as Jakāndar) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jakandar	Iran
country	Forensic and Scientific Services (FSS) is part of Queensland Health and provides scientific services in the state of Queensland, Australia.	Forensic and Scientific Services	Australia
country	Akerøya is an uninhabited island in Hvaler in Østfold, Norway.	Akerøya	Norway
country	Zvartnots International Airport (Armenian: Զվարթնոց Միջազգային Օդանավակայան Zvart'nots' Mijazgayin Odanavakayan) (IATA: EVN, ICAO: UDYZ) is located near Zvartnots, 12 km (7.5 mi) west of Yerevan, the capital city of Armenia.	Zvartnots International Airport	Armenia
country	The Seddonville Branch, later truncated as the Ngakawau Branch, was a branch line railway in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Seddonville Branch	New Zealand
country	Lake Bile (Ukrainian: Біле озеро, means 'white lake') is a lake in the south-western Ukraine, in the delta of the Dniester River.	Lake Bile	Ukraine
country	Concarneau (Breton: Konk Kerne, meaning Bay of Cornwall) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Concarneau	France
country	Ghora Gali is one of the tourist mountain resort towns of the Galyat area of northern Pakistan.	Ghora Gali	Pakistan
country	The Pioneers of Enver (Albanian: Pionierët e Enverit, literally The Pioneers of Enver Hoxha), was a pioneer movement functioning in Albania during its communist period.	Pioneers of Enver	Albania
country	Napoléonsgaard is a hill in the commune of Rambrouch, in western Luxembourg.	Napoléonsgaard	Luxembourg
country	The Edificio Herdocia is a four-story property located in San Jose, Costa Rica.	Edificio Herdocia	Costa Rica
country	Ruins of Zborov Castle (Zborovský hrad, also called Makovica) are situated near the village of Zborov in East Slovakia.	Zborov Castle	Slovakia
country	Cappenberg Castle (German: Schloss Cappenberg) is a former Premonstratensian monastery, Cappenberg Abbey (German: Kloster Cappenberg) in Cappenberg, a part of Selm, North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Cappenberg Castle	Germany
country	School of Planning and Architecture, Delhi (SPA Delhi) is a premier higher education institute located in New Delhi, India specializing in education and research in the field of Planning and Architecture.It is the top ranked college in India for architecture and also the seventh best in Asia.	School of Planning and Architecture, Delhi	India
country	Snagovo is a mountain village in the municipality of Zvornik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Snagovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kostolomci (Cyrillic: Костоломци) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kostolomci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Saral District (Persian: بخش سارال‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Saral District	Iran
country	The Osoyoos Division Yale Land District is one of the 59 land districts of British Columbia, Canada, which are the underlying cadastral divisions of that province.	Osoyoos Division Yale Land District	Canada
country	Carl Johan Church (Swedish: Carl Johans kyrka) is a Church of Sweden parish church on Sagberget, in Gothenburg.	Carl Johan Church	Sweden
country	Delgerekh (Mongolian: Дэлгэрэх, To blossom) is a sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Delgerekh	Mongolia
country	Kobuleti (Georgian: ქობულეთი) is a town in Adjara, western Georgia, situated on the eastern coast of the Black Sea.	Kobuleti	Georgia
country	Platanisteia (Greek: Πλατανίστεια, Turkish: Çamlıca) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 6 km north of Pissouri.	Platanisteia	Cyprus
country	San Gil is a town municipality in the Department of Santander in northeastern Colombia, located roughly 300 km (192 mi) from Bogotá and 95 km from the department's capital, Bucaramanga.	San Gil	Colombia
country	Lugu Lake (Chinese: 泸沽湖; Pinyin: Lúgū Hú) is located in the North West Yunnan plateau in the centre of Ningliang Yi Autonomous County in the People's Republic of China.	Lugu Lake	People's Republic of China
country	Obrh pri Dragatušu (pronounced (ˈoːbəɾx pɾi dɾaɡaˈtuːʃu); German: Oberch) is a village west of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Obrh pri Dragatušu	Slovenia
country	The El Burguillo Reservoir is located along the Alberche river in the province of Ávila, Spain, between the municipalities of El Tiemblo and El Barraco.	El Burguillo Reservoir	Spain
country	UBC Hospital is a health care facility located on the University Endowment Lands in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	UBC Hospital	Canada
country	Oberon Dam or Fish River Dam is a major ungated concrete slab and buttress with earth embankment dam comprising a c.oncrete ski jump chute spillway and fuse plug across the Fish River upstream of Oberon in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Oberon Dam	Australia
country	Ikeduru Local Government Area (LGA) is located in the western part of Imo State, in southern Nigeria, West Africa.	Ikeduru	Nigeria
country	Paški Kozjak (pronounced (ˈpaːʃki ˈkoːzjak); in older sources also Kozjak, German: Kosjak) is a settlement in the Municipality of Velenje in northern Slovenia.	Paški Kozjak	Slovenia
country	Kalalam (Persian: كلالم‎, also Romanized as Kalālam) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalalam	Iran
country	Zaporośl (zaˈpɔrɔɕl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zaporośl	Poland
country	The Chugush (Russian: Чугуш) is the highest mountain in Adygea, Russia, located in the Western Caucasus.	Chugush	Russia
country	Kobielnik (kɔˈbjɛlnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kobielnik	Poland
country	St Ives High School is a coeducational government high school located on the Upper North Shore of Sydney, Australia.	St Ives High School	Australia
country	Randhunibari (Postal Code - 6740) is a village of Belkuchi Upazila, Sirajganj District, Bangladesh.	Randhunibari	Bangladesh
country	CHAN-DT, virtual channel 8 (UHF digital channel 22), is a Global owned-and-operated television station located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, which serves as the West Coast flagship station of the network.	CHAN-DT	Canada
country	The Buksefjord hydroelectric power plant is the first and largest hydroelectric power plant in Greenland.	Buksefjord hydroelectric power plant	Greenland
country	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District (Persian: دهستان امامزاده سيدمحمود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District	Iran
country	Impasugong (also spelled Impasug-ong) is a first class municipality in the province of Bukidnon, Philippines.	Impasugong	Philippines
country	The Ark of Bukhara is a massive fortress located in the city of Bukhara, Uzbekistan that was initially built and occupied around the 5th century AD.	Ark of Bukhara	Uzbekistan
country	The Masjid Dimaukom or Pink Mosque is a mosque in Datu Saudi Ampatuan, Maguindanao, the Philippines.	Masjid Dimaukom	Philippines
country	Geisenfeld Abbey (German: Kloster Geisenfeld) was a convent in Bavaria, Germany, in the town of Geisenfeld.	Geisenfeld Abbey	Germany
country	The Stord Bridge (Norwegian: Stordabrua) is a suspension bridge which crosses Digernessundet between the islands of Stord and Føyno in Stord, Norway.	Stord Bridge	Norway
country	Munsbach Castle (French: Château de Munsbach) is located to the southwest of Munsbach near Schuttrange in central Luxembourg.	Munsbach Castle	Luxembourg
country	Nuapada(ନୁଆପଡା),is a city in western region of Odisha state of eastern India.	Nuapada	India
country	The University of Zululand (also known as Unizulu) is the only comprehensive tertiary educational institution north of the Tugela River in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	University of Zululand	South Africa
country	Lirzard (Persian: ليرزرد‎, also Romanized as Līrzard) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lirzard	Iran
country	Jieh (or Jiyé, Jiyeh, الجية) is a seaside town in Lebanon with an estimated population of 5000, 23 km south of Beirut, in the Chouf district via a 20-minute drive along the Beirut to Sidon highway south of the capital.	Jieh	Lebanon
country	Kumudabali is a small village of Rayagada district in the state of Odisha, India.	Kumudabali	India
country	Rzeczna (ˈʐɛt͡ʂna) (German: Weeskenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rzeczna	Poland
country	Hawija (Arabic: الحويجة, Al Hawyjah‎; Kurdish ``hawij'' for wild carrot) is the centre of Al-Hawija District in the Kirkuk province of Iraq, 30 miles south of Kirkuk, and north of Baghdad.	Hawija	Iraq
country	Thornetsi was a family that ruled the region of Djahan in Armenia.	Thornetsi	Armenia
country	Podłubianka (pɔdwuˈbjaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podłubianka	Poland
country	Solec-Zdrój ((ˈsɔlɛt͡s ˈzdrui̯)) is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Solec-Zdrój	Poland
country	The Ondřejov Observatory (pronounced (ˈondr̝ɛjof); Czech: Observatoř Ondřejov) is the principal observatory of the Astronomical Institute (Astronomický ústav) of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.	Ondřejov Observatory	Czech Republic
country	Kiyangkongrejo (Kyangkong Rejo), more commonly referred to as Kiyangkong, is a village in the district of Kutoarjo, Purworejo, Central Java, Indonesia.	Kiyangkongrejo	Indonesia
country	Şorəlli (also, Shorally) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şorəlli	Azerbaijan
country	The Imboulou Dam is a dam on the Léfini River, near Ngabé, Ngabe District, Pool Department, Republic of the Congo, about 300 kilometers north of Brazzaville.	Imboulou Dam	Republic of the Congo
country	Prolisky (Ukrainian: Проліски) is a settlement on the eastern edge of the city of Kiev, in the Boryspil district of Ukraine.	Prolisky	Ukraine
country	Botnedalsvatn is a lake in the valley Botnedalen in the municipality Tokke in Telemark, Norway.	Botnedalsvatn	Norway
country	The Viana do Castelo District (Portuguese pronunciation: (viˈɐnɐ ðu kɐʃˈtɛlu), Portuguese: Distrito de Viana do Castelo) is a district located in the northwest of Portugal, bordered by Spain from the north and Braga District from the south.	Viana do Castelo District	Portugal
country	Yaralujeh (Persian: يارالوجه‎, also Romanized as Yārālūjeh; also known as Yaraldzha and Yārālūcheh) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yaralujeh	Iran
country	Ekenäs Archipelago National Park (Swedish: Ekenäs skärgårds nationalpark, Finnish: Tammisaaren saariston kansallispuisto) is situated in the Ekenäs archipelago, in the Uusimaa region of Finland.	Ekenäs Archipelago National Park	Finland
country	Shree Motilal Kanhaiyalal Fomra Institute of Technology , commonly known as SMK FIT, is an engineering college located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Shree Motilal Kanhaiyalal Fomra Institute of Technology	India
country	Kajaanin Haka (abbreviated KajHa) is a football club from Kajaani in Finland.	Kajaanin Haka	Finland
country	The Accra Academy was the first private academy to be established in the Gold Coast, present-day Ghana.	Accra Academy	Ghana
country	Bajoga is a town and a local government headquarters of Funakaye in Northern part of Gombe State, Nigeria.	Bajoga	Nigeria
country	Sidi-Ayad is a small town in northern Algeria, 3 kilometers from the Soummam River in Béjaïa Province in the Kabylie region.	Sidi-Ayad	Algeria
country	Golimbas (also known as Kolimbas, Golimbasi, Goljimbas, or Rashaj) is a populated place in the Vlorë County of Albania.	Golimbas	Albania
country	Casablanca American School is a coeducational, nursery through grade twelve private day school in Casablanca, Morocco.	Casablanca American School	Morocco
country	Ödenäs Church (Swedish: Ödenäs kyrka) is a church in Ödenäs, Alingsås, Västergötland, Sweden.	Ödenäs Church	Sweden
country	Totovec (Hungarian: Tótfalu) is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.	Totovec	Croatia
country	Alpspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps, to the east of Vaduz, with a height of 1,943 metres (6,375 ft) or 1942 m.	Alpspitz	Liechtenstein
country	Alcampell (Spanish: (alkamˈpel)) or El Campell (Catalan: (əɫ kəmˈpeʎ), locally: (aɫ kamˈpeɫ)) is a municipality located in La Litera/La Llitera, province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Alcampell	Spain
country	The New Union (Social Liberals) (Lithuanian: Naujoji sąjunga (socialliberalai), NS) was a social-liberal political party in Lithuania.	New Union (Social Liberals)	Lithuania
country	Veerannapeta (Telugu: వీరన్నపేట) or Veerannapet is a village and gram panchayat in Kondurg mandal of Mahbubnagar district in Telangana, India.	Veerannapeta	India
country	Karnkowskie Rumunki (karnˈkɔfskʲɛ ruˈmunki) (German: Karndorf-Räumung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Karnkowskie Rumunki	Poland
country	The Tbilisi State Academy of Arts (Georgian: თბილისის სახელმწიფო სამხატვრო აკადემია) is one of the oldest universities in Georgia and Caucasus.	Tbilisi State Academy of Arts	Georgia
country	The Khentii Mountains (Mongolian: Хэнтийн нуруу) are a mountain range in the Töv and Khentii Provinces in northern Mongolia.	Khentii Mountains	Mongolia
country	The Arboretum Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte is the arboretum located along a botanical path in Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France.	Arboretum Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte	France
country	Rakvere Theatre is a professional theatre in Rakvere, Estonia.	Rakvere Theatre	Estonia
country	The Frontier Touring Company (t/a Frontier Touring) is one of Australia and New Zealand's largest concert promoters.	Frontier Touring Company	Australia
country	Hạ Long Bay (Vietnamese: Vịnh Hạ Long, listen, literally: ``descending dragon bay'') is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and a popular travel destination, in Quảng Ninh Province, Vietnam.	Hạ Long Bay	Vietnam
country	Scoveston Fort, on the northern shore of Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, is a Grade II Listed Building which belongs to a series of forts built as part of the inner line of defence of the Haven following the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom.	Scoveston Fort	United Kingdom
country	Gorongosa National Park is at the southern end of the Great African Rift Valley in the heart of central Mozambique.	Gorongosa National Park	Mozambique
country	Osredek pri Hubajnici (pronounced (ɔˈsɾeːdək pɾi xuˈbaːi̯nitsi)) is a small settlement southwest of Studenec in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Osredek pri Hubajnici	Slovenia
country	Tam O'Shanter Point is a headland located in Queensland, Australia on the north-eastern part of Rockingham Bay.	Tam O'Shanter Point	Australia
country	Tappeh Kaniz (Persian: تپه كنيز‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Kanīz) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tappeh Kaniz	Iran
country	Yeungjin High School is a high school located in Daegu, South Korea.	Yeungjin High School	South Korea
country	Aarjes (also Arjis, 'Arjess, Arabic: عرجس‎) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Aarjes	Lebanon
country	The Ankobra River is primarily situated in Ghana.	Ankobra River	Ghana
country	Titiwangsa is one of the main areas located in the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Titiwangsa	Malaysia
country	Hegmataneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان هگمتانه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hegmataneh Rural District	Iran
country	Avesta Municipality (Avesta kommun) is one of 290 municipalities of Sweden.	Avesta Municipality	Sweden
country	Suchowola-Kolonia (suxɔˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Suchowola-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Svartsengi Power Station (Svartsengi (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈsvar̥sˌɛi̯ɲcɪ)); ``black meadow'' in Icelandic) is a geothermal power station located about 4 km north of Grindavík, Iceland, near the Keflavík International Airport on the Reykjanes Peninsula.	Svartsengi Power Station	Iceland
country	Bolków (ˈbɔlkuf) (German: Bolkenhain) is a town in Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bolków	Poland
country	League for Tuscany (Lega per la Toscana) is a regionalist political party in Italy active Tuscany.	League for Tuscany	Italy
country	Sadiq Abubakar III International Airport or Sultan Saddik Abubakar Airport (IATA: SKO, ICAO: DNSO) is an airport serving Sokoto, a city in the Sokoto State of Nigeria.	Sadiq Abubakar III International Airport	Nigeria
country	Karasaz (or Kara-Saz) is a village, center of Kosh-Debe rural community of the Kochkor District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Karasaz	Kyrgyzstan
country	Levoča District (okres Levoča) is a district in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Levoča District	Slovakia
country	Atxondo (Spanish: Achondo) is a municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain.	Atxondo	Spain
country	Vorden is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, about 10 kilometres south-east of Zutphen.	Vorden	Netherlands
country	For 2004 BH Air transported around 400,000 passengers to and from Bulgaria.	BH Air	Bulgaria
country	ERT3 (Greek: ΕΡΤ3), formerly ET3 (short for Ellinikí Tileórasi 3; Greek: Ελληνική Τηλεόραση 3; Greek for Hellenic Television 3), is the third television channel of the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation (ERT), the public broadcaster of Greece.	ERT3	Greece
country	Vounargo (Greek: Βούναργο) is a village in the municipal unit of Iardanos, Elis, Greece.	Vounargo	Greece
country	Rudbahi (Persian: رودباهي‎, also Romanized as Rūdbāhī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rudbahi	Iran
country	Kasalia is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila.	Kasalia	Bangladesh
country	Lubojna (luˈbɔi̯na) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lubojna	Poland
country	Takob (Tajik: Taкoб) is a ski resort located in the Region of Republican Subordination (a region in Tajikistan), on the Safedorak Plateau, at heights from 2,100 metres (6,890 feet) up to 3,000 metres (9,842 feet) above sea level, 50 km (31.07 mi) north of Dushanbe.	Takob	Tajikistan
country	The Kharraqan towers are mausoleums, built in 1067 and 1093, located on the plains in northern Iran, near Qazvin.	Kharraqan towers	Iran
country	The Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique (SEFA) was the French national flight school, located in nine places in France and managed by the direction générale de l'aviation civile (DGAC).	Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique	France
country	Ruda-Bridska (Ukrainian: Руда-Брідська) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Ruda-Bridska	Ukraine
country	Bangaon (Bengali: বনগাঁ) is a city and a municipality in North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bangaon	India
country	The Buri Peninsula extends from central Eritrea north into the Red Sea.	Buri Peninsula	Eritrea
country	Hahn bei Marienberg is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Hahn bei Marienberg	Germany
country	Los Tucanes de Tijuana is a Mexican Regional Band founded on April 13, 1987, by Mario Quintero Lara and a group of friends in the City of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.	Los Tucanes de Tijuana	Mexico
country	Shahrak-e Kondaz (Persian: شهرک کنداز‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Kondāz) is a village in Abarj Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Kondaz	Iran
country	Pallini (Greek: Παλλήνη) is a suburban town and a municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Pallini	Greece
country	Ambinanindovoka is a rural commune in the Central Highlands of Madagascar.	Ambinanindovoka	Madagascar
country	Merelava (or Mere Lava) is an island in the Banks Islands of northern Vanuatu.	Merelava	Vanuatu
country	After the founding of People's Republic of China in 1949, the free market was once considered capitalistic and hence officially suppressed, forcing Yiwu people to continue their trade secretly.	Yiwu	People's Republic of China
country	Ulnes Church (Norwegian: Ulnes kirke) is a long church (Norwegian: langkirke) located in Ulnes in the municipality of Nord-Aurdal in Oppland county, Norway.	Ulnes Church	Norway
country	Akliai is a village in Žeimiai eldership, Jonava district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania.	Akliai	Lithuania
country	The Lago di Piana degli Albanesi, (in Albanian language liqeni i Horës së Arbëreshëvet), is an artificial lake in Piana degli Albanesi, in the Province of Palermo, Sicily, Italy.	Lago di Piana degli Albanesi	Italy
country	Kibeho is a small town in south Rwanda, which became known outside of that country because of reported apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Jesus Christ occurring between 1981 and 1989.	Kibeho	Rwanda
country	Asimenio (Greek: Ασημένιο) is a village in the municipality of Didymoteicho in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece.	Asimenio	Greece
country	The Al Sufouh Towers is a complex of two buildings in Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Al Sufouh Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	Sunway Putra Mall, previously known as The Mall or Putra Place, is a shopping mall located along Jalan Putra in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Sunway Putra Mall	Malaysia
country	Ichnia (Ukrainian: Ічня) is a town in the Chernihiv Oblast of Ukraine, located on the river Ichen'ka.	Ichnia	Ukraine
country	Alagovac Lake is a lake in the municipality of Nevesinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Alagovac Lake	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Écréhous (or Les Écréhou; in Jèrriais: Êcrého) are a group of islands and rocks situated six miles (9.6 km) north-east of Jersey, and eight miles (12.8 km) from France.	Écréhous	Jersey
country	Bystrzyca Łomnicka is a river in south-western Poland.	Bystrzyca Łomnicka	Poland
country	Innaarsuit Heliport (IATA: IUI, ICAO: BGIN) is a heliport in Innaarsuit, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Innaarsuit Heliport	Greenland
country	Haiphong (Vietnamese: Hải Phòng, listen) is the third largest city of Vietnam and northern Vietnam's most important seaport with its deep-water anchorage and large maritime facilities.	Haiphong	Vietnam
country	Lac d'Hourtin-Carcans is a lake in the Médoc region of France, located in the département of Gironde.	Lac d'Hourtin-Carcans	France
country	State Bank of India, Alleppey District Cooperative Bank and Arthunkal Village Service Cooperative Bank are major Banks in this place.	Arthunkal	India
country	The Macará River forms part of the border between Ecuador and Peru.	Macará River	Ecuador
country	Savu (also known as Sawu, Sabu, Sawoe, Havu, Hawu, Hawoe) is the largest of a group of three islands, situated midway between Sumba and Rote, west of Timor, in Indonesia's eastern province, East Nusa Tenggara.	Savu	Indonesia
country	Millingen aan de Rijn (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɪlɪŋə(n) aːn də ˈrɛin)) is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, in the municipality of Berg en Dal (formerly known as Groesbeek).	Millingen aan de Rijn	Netherlands
country	L'Orignal déchaîné (The Unchained Moose) is the French language student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	L'Orignal déchaîné	Canada
country	De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB, The Dutch Bank) is the central bank of the Netherlands.	De Nederlandsche Bank	Netherlands
country	The Mariyamma Temple is situated in Boloor, India, dedicated to Goddess Mariyamma, situated approximately 5 km from Mangaladevi Temple in Mangalore city.	Mariyamma Temple	India
country	Suryabagh (Telugu: సూర్యాబాగ్) is one of the old suburbs in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India, close to Jagadamba Center.	Suryabagh	India
country	The Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (Norwegian: Landsorganisasjonen i Norge, LO) is a national trade union center, decidedly the largest and probably the most influential umbrella organization of labour unions in Norway.	Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions	Norway
country	Mangalam River is the main tributary of the river Gayathripuzha, which in turn is a tributary of Bharathapuzha, the second longest river in Kerala, India.	Mangalam River	India
country	Cruseilles is a town and commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Cruseilles	France
country	The Atzelberg Tower was situated on the summit of the 506.7 m-high (1,662 ft) mountain, Atzelberg, which in turn is located in the town of Kelkheim, in the kreis (district) of Main-Taunus, in the state of Hesse, in Germany.	Atzelberg Tower	Germany
country	South Canberra or the Inner South is a central district of Canberra, the capital city of Australia.	South Canberra	Australia
country	Larissos (Greek: Λαρίσσος) is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Larissos	Greece
country	Anthidona (Greek: Ανθηδόνα) is a former municipality in Euboea regional unit, Greece.	Anthidona	Greece
country	Namtok Kaeng Song (Thai: น้ำตกแก่งซอง) is a waterfall and tourist attraction in the Wang Thong district of Phitsanulok Province in Thailand.	Namtok Kaeng Song	Thailand
country	Waterval is a residential township in front of Elim Hospital, it is situated in the Hlanganani district of the former Tsonga homeland of Gazankulu, alongside the R578 road to Giyani in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Waterval	South Africa
country	The Rio Castle (Greek: κάστρο του Ρίου or Καστέλι της Πάτρας) is located at the north tip of the Rio peninsula in Achaea, Greece, at the entrance of the Corinthian Gulf.	Rio Castle	Greece
country	Aléria (Ancient Greek: Ἀλαλίη, Alaliē; Latin and Italian: Aleria, Corsican: U Cateraghju) is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica, former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see.	Aléria	France
country	Sobrarbe is one of the comarcas of Aragon, Spain.	Sobrarbe	Spain
country	Karuzi is a city located in eastern Burundi.	Karuzi	Burundi
country	Dolega District (Spanish pronunciation: (doˈleɣa)) is a district (distrito) of Chiriquí Province in Panama.	Dolega District	Panama
country	The Maskelynes Islands are a small chain of low islands that forms part of Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean.	Maskelynes Islands	Vanuatu
country	The Bradley Octagon House, also called the Parker Octagon House or the James Parker Octagon House, is an historic octagon house located at 5783 Summer Street in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Bradley Octagon House	Canada
country	Beočić (Serbian Cyrillic: Беочић) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at 43°50′36``N 21°11′46''E, at the elevation of 220 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 572 citizens.	Beočić	Serbia
country	The Mississauga Blob was the name given to a flaming object--later identified as a frisbee--that fell on a back-yard picnic table in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, at about 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, June 16, 1979.	The Mississauga Blob	Canada
country	Sikonge is a town and ward in Sikonge District, Tabora Region, Tanzania, East Africa.	Sikonge	Tanzania
country	The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe is a Group 1 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older.	Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe	France
country	The Ndogo Lagoon is located in the southwestern part of Gabon.	Ndogo Lagoon	Gabon
country	The Cuxtal Ecological Reserve is located south of Mérida in the state of Yucatán in southeastern Mexico.	Cuxtal Ecological Reserve	Mexico
country	Vibenshus Runddel (literally ``Vibenshus Circle) is a major junction and public spare where the streets Jagtvej, Nørre Allé, Øster Allé and Lyngbyvejen meet at the northwestern corner of Fælledparken in the outer Østerbro area of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vibenshus Runddel	Denmark
country	The Braldu River (Urdu: برالڑو ندی‎) flows in the Skardu District of Gilgit Baltistan in Pakistan.	Braldu River	Pakistan
country	The Spencer Highway is a highway along the east coast of Spencer Gulf in South Australia.	Spencer Highway	Australia
country	The name, Hiab, comes from the commonly used abbreviation of Hydrauliska Industri AB, a company founded in Hudiksvall, Sweden 1944 by Eric Sundin, a ski manufacturer who saw a way to utilize a truck's engine to power loader cranes through the use of hydraulics.	Hydrauliska Industri AB	Sweden
country	Feldmoos-Chli-Titlis Aerial Tramway was an aerial tramway in Switzerland.	Feldmoos-Chli-Titlis Aerial Tramway	Switzerland
country	Wright Rock is a small, steep-sided granite island, with an area of 9.36 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Wright Rock	Australia
country	Legnica (lɛɡˈɲit͡sa) (archaic Polish: Lignica, German: Liegnitz, Czech: Lehnice, Latin: Lignitium) is a town in southwestern Poland, in Silesia, in the central part of Lower Silesia, on the plain of Legnica, riverside:	Legnica	Poland
country	Maison Cartier is a historic house in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Maison Cartier	Canada
country	Brazeau Reservoir is a large man made reservoir in Alberta, Canada.	Brazeau Reservoir	Canada
country	St. Paulusheim is an independent Gymnasium in Bruchsal, Germany with sponsorship of the school foundation of the archdiocese of Freiburg.	Paulusheim	Germany
country	Moradkandi (Persian: مرادكندي‎, also Romanized as Morādkandī) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moradkandi	Iran
country	NK Žepče was a football club from Žepče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	NK Žepče	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Piggs Peak Airfield (ICAO: FDNG ) is an airstrip serving Ngonini, in Swaziland.	Piggs Peak Airfield	Swaziland
country	The Adelaide Street Circuit (also known as the Adelaide Parklands Circuit) is a temporary street circuit in the East Parklands adjacent to the central business district of the city of Adelaide in South Australia.	Adelaide Street Circuit	Australia
country	Zawar is a settlement located in Udaipur District, Rajasthan, India, approximately 40 km from the lake city Udaipur.	Zawar	India
country	Isara Tocha was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Isara Tocha	Ethiopia
country	Golaki (Persian: گلكي‎, also Romanized as Golakī; also known as Gīlīkī and Gulaki) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Golaki	Iran
country	Shurbazar is a market town in eastern Uzbekistan, Central Asia.	Shurbazar	Uzbekistan
country	Nik Mohammad (Persian: نيك محمد‎, also Romanized as Nīk Moḩammad) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nik Mohammad	Iran
country	The Brokopondo Reservoir, officially named Professor Doctor Ingenieur W. J. van Blommestein Meer, and also called the Brokopondostuwmeer, is a large reservoir in the South American country Suriname.	Brokopondo Reservoir	Suriname
country	Cimanggis is a district in Depok, province of West Java, Indonesia.	Cimanggis	Indonesia
country	The Mackinnon-Sclater road was a 600mile/1000 km ox cart track from Mombasa to Busia in Kenya started in 1890 by the British East Africa Company (IBEAC).	Mackinnon-Sclater road	Kenya
country	The Conference League Four-Team Championship was an annual motorcycle speedway contest between teams competing in the Conference League in the United Kingdom.	Conference League Four-Team Championship	United Kingdom
country	Aygevan (Armenian: Այգևան); formerly Sovkhoz Nomer Shest -- (Russian for ``Sovkhoz number six''), later Imeni Stalina, later Dzerzhinski and Imeni Dzerzhinskogo, is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Aygevan	Armenia
country	The Hospital of the Holy Ghost, Aalborg (Danish: Helligåndsklostret i Aalborg), the buildings of which, although now without any religious function, are still known as Aalborg Kloster (lit. Aalborg Monastery), is a former establishment of the Order of the Holy Ghost in Aalborg, Denmark.	Hospital of the Holy Ghost, Aalborg	Denmark
country	Grenda's Bus Services was a bus and coach operator in Melbourne, Australia.	Grenda's Bus Services	Australia
country	Libohovë Castle (Albanian:Kalaja e Libohovës) is a castle in Libohovë, southern Albania.	Libohovë Castle	Albania
country	Bariku (Persian: بريكو‎, also Romanized as Bārīkū; also known as Bārīkūh and Pārī Kūh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bariku	Iran
country	The French Grand Prix (1906--1967: Grand Prix de l'ACF, 1968--2008: Grand Prix de France) was a race held as part of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile's annual Formula One automobile racing championships.	French Grand Prix	France
country	Mahmudabad-e Bahadar (Persian: محمود آباد بهادر‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Bahādar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Bahadar	Iran
country	The Etisalat Tower 1 (known as Etisalat Tower until Etisalat Tower 2 began construction) is a 17-floor tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Etisalat Tower 1	United Arab Emirates
country	Logovardi (Macedonian: Логоварди) is a village situated in Pelagonia, east of Bitola, Republic of Macedonia.	Logovardi	Macedonia
country	Iboloji, (Iboloji layout) is an estate in Rumuigbo, which is in the city of Port Harcourt in Rivers State, Nigeria.	Iboloji	Nigeria
country	Mansurabad-e Mehdiyeh (Persian: منصورابادمهديه‎, also Romanized as Manşūrābād-e Mehdīyeh; also known as Manşūrābād-e Bālā) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mansurabad-e Mehdiyeh	Iran
country	Acesur is a referent company within the olive oil sector in Spain, with 100% Spanish capital share and at the top five in the international framework.	Acesur	Spain
country	The Karnataka State Law University (KSLU) is a State university situated at Navanagar, Hubli, Karnataka, India.	Karnataka State Law University	India
country	Baseball Manitoba, or the Manitoba Baseball Association, is the governing body for amateur baseball in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Baseball Manitoba	Canada
country	The RCMP Heritage Centre (French: Le Centre du patrimoine de la GRC) is a museum located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	RCMP Heritage Centre	Canada
country	Podstole (pɔtsˈtɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podstole	Poland
country	Sukkur Airport (IATA: SKZ, ICAO: OPSK) is a domestic airport situated about 8 km away from the city centre of Sukkur in the Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Sukkur Airport	Pakistan
country	Iwierzyce (ivjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Iwierzyce	Poland
country	Magarevo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Магарево) is a village 8.29 kilometers away from Bitola, which is the second largest city in Macedonia.	Magarevo	Macedonia
country	Kalyvia Ilidos (Greek: Καλύβια Ήλιδος) is a village in the northern part of the municipal unit of Amaliada, Elis, Greece.	Kalyvia Ilidos	Greece
country	Karim Sara (Persian: كريم سرا‎, also Romanized as Karīm Sarā) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Karim Sara	Iran
country	The Hötorget buildings (Swedish: Hötorgshusen or Hötorgsskraporna, ``-scrapers'') are five high-rise office buildings in Stockholm, Sweden.	Hötorget buildings	Sweden
country	Enveitg (Catalan: Enveig) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Enveitg	France
country	Klewiny (klɛˈvinɨ) (German: Klewienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Klewiny	Poland
country	Kalliani (Greek: Καλλιάνι) is a village in northwestern Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Kalliani	Greece
country	Chagharlu (Persian: چاغرلو‎, also Romanized as Chāgharlū and Chāgherlū) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chagharlu	Iran
country	The Taíras River is a river in Tocantins state in central Brazil.	Taíras River	Brazil
country	Masjed Hazarat Abu ol Fazl (Persian: مسجدحضرت ابوالفضل‎, also Romanized as Masjed Ḩaẕarat Abū ol Faẕl) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Masjed Hazarat Abu ol Fazl	Iran
country	Komosewo (kɔmɔˈsɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Komosewo	Poland
country	The Soyang Dam, also referred to as the Soyanggang Dam, is an embankment dam on the Soyang River, 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Chuncheon in Gangwon-do Province, South Korea.	Soyang Dam	South Korea
country	The town of Bagamoyo, Tanzania, was founded at the end of the 18th century.	Bagamoyo	Tanzania
country	Nor Zeytun (also Zeytun) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.	Nor Zeytun	Armenia
country	Mazraeh-ye Chari (Persian: مزرعه چاري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Chārī) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District, Now Bandegan District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Chari	Iran
country	The 2012 Shwebo earthquake occurred at 07:42 local time (01:12 UTC) on 11 November in Myanmar.	2012 Shwebo earthquake	Myanmar
country	Dolenja Vas pri Mirni Peči (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈmiːɾni ˈpɛːtʃi); Slovene: Dolenja vas pri Mirni Peči) is a small village in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenja Vas pri Mirni Peči	Slovenia
country	Barrancos (Portuguese pronunciation: (bɐˈrɐ̃kuʃ) ou (bɐˈʁɐ̃kuʃ)) is a town and a municipality in Portugal.	Barrancos	Portugal
country	Pabbi is a tehsil in Nowshera District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Pabbi	Pakistan
country	Víkarbyrgi is a former village on the Faroese island of Suðuroy, Faroe Islands.	Víkarbyrgi	Faroe Islands
country	Yasman (Persian: یَسمَنچچ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Yasman	Tajikistan
country	Puša parish (Latvian: Pušas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Puša parish	Latvia
country	The Lille tramway (French: Tramway de Lille) is a public transit system in the city of Lille in Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France.	Lille tramway	France
country	Hlaingbwe (Mon: လိုၚ်ဗၟဲ, (làŋ plòa)) is a town in the Kayin State of south Myanmar.	Hlaingbwe	Myanmar
country	Uścimów (uɕˈt͡ɕimuf) is a village in Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Uścimów	Poland
country	The Port of Taipei or Taipei Harbor (Chinese: 台北港; pinyin: Táiběi Gǎng) is the latest operated international port of Taiwan.	Port of Taipei	Taiwan
country	Termoli railway station (Italian: Stazione di Termoli) serves the town and comune of Termoli, in the region of Molise, southern Italy.	Termoli railway station	Italy
country	The Istanbul Metro (Turkish: İstanbul Metrosu) is a rapid transit railway network that serves the city of Istanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Metro	Turkey
country	Telecommunication Tower Aarhus (Danish Søsterhøj Antennen, Søsterhøj Senderen or simply Søsterhøj), is a radio and television transmission tower in Aarhus, Denmark.	Telecommunication Tower Aarhus	Denmark
country	Xàtiva (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈʃativa), locally: ((æj)ˈʃætɪʋæ); Spanish: Játiva (ˈxatiβa)) is a town in eastern Spain, in the province of Valencia, on the right (western) bank of the river Albaida and at the junction of the Valencia--	Xàtiva	Spain
country	The Estadio Azteca (Spanish pronunciation: (esˈtaðjo asˈteka)) is a football stadium located in the suburb of Santa Ursula in Mexico City, Mexico.	Estadio Azteca	Mexico
country	Carlingford High School is a government high school located in Carlingford, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Carlingford High School	Australia
country	The Municipality of Bohinj (Slovene: Občina Bohinj) is a municipality in the Upper Carniola region of northwest Slovenia.	Municipality of Bohinj	Slovenia
country	Javanabad (Persian: جوان اباد‎, also Romanized as Javānābād; also known as Delbar-e Rok Rok) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Javanabad	Iran
country	Enskede-Årsta was a borough (stadsdelsområde) in the southern part of Stockholm, Sweden from 1998 to 1 January 2007.	Enskede-Årsta	Sweden
country	The Bergen Program for Transport, Urban Development and the Environment (Norwegian: Bergensprogrammet for transport, byutvikling og miljø) is a political agreement for financing road and light rail investments in Bergen, Norway, from 2002 to 2015.	Bergen Program	Norway
country	Marble Canyon Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, established in 1956 to protect Marble Canyon, a limestone formation at the south end of the Marble Range.	Marble Canyon Provincial Park	Canada
country	Lake Băneasa (Romanian: Lacul Băneasa) is a reservoir on the Colentina River at Băneasa in Sector 1 of Bucharest, Romania.	Lake Băneasa	Romania
country	Choa Kariala railway station (Urdu: چوآکڑیالہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Choa Kariala village, Gujrat district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Choa Kariala railway station	Pakistan
country	ASKÖ Pasching was an Austrian football club based in Pasching, Upper Austria.	ASKÖ Pasching	Austria
country	Torre Núñez y Navarro (also Repsol building) is a skyscraper in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Torre Núñez y Navarro	Spain
country	The Machakhlistskali or Machakhlitskal (Georgian: მაჭახელისწყალი, Turkish: Maçahel Suyu) is a river that flows from the Artvin Province in Turkey to Adjara autonomous republic of Georgia.	Machakhlistskali	Georgia
country	Purdka (ˈpurtka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Purdka	Poland
country	The James H B Carr Stakes is an Australian Turf Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race under set weights with penalties conditions for three-year-old fillies, held over a distance of 1400 metres at Randwick Racecourse, Sydney, Australia in April.	James H B Carr Stakes	Australia
country	Heimdal Church (Norwegian: Heimdal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Heimdal Church	Norway
country	Wanhatti is a town and resort in Suriname, located in the Marowijne district on the Cottica River.	Wanhatti	Suriname
country	Harbour City Opera (HCO) is an opera company in Sydney, Australia, presenting chamber opera performances from the mainstream operatic repertoire.	Harbour City Opera	Australia
country	The 2009 Luoding flood (Chinese: 罗定船步水灾) was a major flood that occurred in Luoding, Guangdong in the People's Republic of China on the week of September 17, 2009.	2009 Luoding flood	People's Republic of China
country	Nedungadu, formerly Nedoungadou, is a town and commune in the Karaikal District of Puducherry, India.	Nedungadu	India
country	Kapedes (Greek: Καπέδες) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Kapedes	Cyprus
country	Tamanredjo is a resort and town in Suriname, located in the Commewijne District.	Tamanredjo	Suriname
country	The Vatican Pharmacy (Latin and Italian: Farmacia Vaticana) is the only pharmacy in the Vatican City, founded in 1874 by Eusebio Ludvig Fronmen, a Fatebenefratelli monk.	Vatican Pharmacy	Vatican City
country	Arača is a medieval Romanesque church ruin located about 12 km north of Novi Bečej, Serbia.	Arača	Serbia
country	Csopak is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary at Lake Balaton.	Csopak	Hungary
country	Razgari (Persian: رزگاري‎, also Romanized as Razgārī) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Razgari	Iran
country	St Joseph College of Communication (SJCC), is the first university affiliated media college in South India.	St Joseph College of Communication	India
country	German submarine U-848 was a Type IXD2 U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. Laid down in Bremen and completed in February 1943, the boat was a long-range Type IX, with four bow and two stern torpedo tubes.	German submarine U-848	Germany
country	Chocianowice (xɔt͡ɕanɔˈvit͡sɛ) (Silesian: Koćanowicy, German: Kotschanowitz, Kiefernrode) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chocianowice	Poland
country	Kecel is a town in Bács-Kiskun county, in southern Hungary.	Kecel	Hungary
country	Kundannoor (Malayalam: കുണ്ടന്നൂര്‍) is a fast developing region of Kochi city in the state of Kerala, India.	Kundannoor	India
country	Anuradhapura Airport (Sinhalese: අනුරාධපුර ගුවන්තොටුපළ, Tamil: அனுராதபுரம் விமான நிலையம், IATA: ACJ, ICAO: VCCA) is a domestic airport serving Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka.	Anuradhapura Airport	Sri Lanka
country	The Misinchinka River is a river in the north-central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, rising in the northern Hart Ranges to flow northwest to join the Parsnip River just before that river's estuary into the Parsnip Reach of Lake Williston, part of the Peace-Mackenzie Rivers drainage.	Misinchinka River	Canada
country	Asian Highway 4 (AH4) is a route of the Asian Highway Network which runs 6,024 km (3,743 mi) from Novosibirsk, Russia (on AH6) via Ürümqi, China (on AH5) to Karachi, Pakistan (on AH7).	AH4	Russia	Pakistan
country	Juan Castro Blanco National Park is a National Park, part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area, in the northern part of Costa Rica about 100 km north of San José, to the east of Ciudad Quesada in Alajuela Province.	Juan Castro Blanco National Park	Costa Rica
country	Azinhaga (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐziˈɲaɣ̞ɐ)) is a village and a civil parish in the municipality of Golegã, located in Ribatejo, Portugal.	Azinhaga	Portugal
country	Kvaisi or Kvaisa (Georgian: კვაისა, Ossetian: Къуайса) is an urban-type settlement in the Oni Municipality of Georgia.	Kvaisa	Georgia
country	Chełmża (ˈxɛu̯mʐa) (German: Kulmsee, earlier Culmsee), is a town in Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Chełmża	Poland
country	Juqan (Persian: جوقان‎, also Romanized as Jūqān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Juqan	Iran
country	Orange S.A., formerly France Télécom S.A., is a French multinational telecommunications corporation.	Orange S.A.	France
country	Ouardana (Amazigh: Waṛḍana, ⵡⴰⵕⴹⴰⵏⴰ, Arabic: واردانا) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Ouardana	Morocco
country	The Tuross River, an open semi-mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream, is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Tuross River	Australia
country	Druck or Drutsk (Belarusian: Друцк, (drutsk); Russian: Друцк, also known as Дрютескъ (Dryutesk) or Дрюческъ (Druchesk) in the Middle Ages), is a historical town in Belarus, 40 kilometres (ca. 25 miles) west of Mahilyow.	Drutsk	Belarus
country	Aghbolagh-e Chamanlu (Persian: اغبلاغ چمنلو‎, also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e Chamanlū) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghbolagh-e Chamanlu	Iran
country	The Pont de Rei (English: King's Bridge, French: Pont du Roi, Occitan: Eth Pònt de Rei) is a bridge and border crossing over the Garonne River that connects the Aran Valley of Spain with the Haute-Garonne department of France.	Pont de Rei	Spain
country	The Granja do Torto (Officially the Residência Oficial do Torto) is an official residence maintained by the Presidency of Brazil.	Granja do Torto	Brazil
country	Prime Seal Island is a long island, with a high central ridge and an area of 1220 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Prime Seal Island	Australia
country	Via Caecilia, an ancient highroad of Italy, which diverged from the Via Salaria at the 35th mile (56 km) from Rome, and ran by Amiternum to the Adriatic coast, passing probably by Hadria (Atri).	Via Caecilia	Italy
country	Lawas is a small town and the capital of the Lawas District in Limbang Division of northern Sarawak, eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Lawas	Malaysia
country	Llico River is one of the principal rivers of Llanquihue Province in southern Chile.	Llico River	Chile
country	El Tehuelche Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto El Tehuelche) (IATA: PMY, ICAO: SAVY) is an airport located about 10 km northwest of downtown Puerto Madryn, in the province of Chubut, Argentina.	El Tehuelche Airport	Argentina
country	Indian Head-Milestone is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.	Indian Head-Milestone	Canada
country	Sierra Negra (also, and perhaps more properly, Cerro La Negra) is an extinct volcanic companion peak of Mexico's highest mountain, the Pico de Orizaba (Citlaltepetl).	Sierra Negra	Mexico
country	Botevgrad (Bulgarian: Ботевград; pre-1934 Orhanie (Орхание); pre-1866: Samundzhievo (Самунджиево)), is a town in western Bulgaria.	Botevgrad	Bulgaria
country	The Nanterre massacre refers to an act of mass murder that occurred on March 27, 2002, in Nanterre, France.	Nanterre massacre	France
country	Canzibe Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Canzibe, Eastern Cape in South Africa.	Canzibe Hospital	South Africa
country	The Senate of Serampore College (University) is located in Serampore Town, in Hooghly District, West Bengal, India.	Senate of Serampore College (University)	India
country	Telšiai Bishop Vincentas Borisevičius Priest Seminary (Lithuanian: Telšių Vyskupo Vincento Borisevičiaus kunigų seminarija) is a Roman Catholic seminary in Telšiai, Lithuania.	Telšiai Bishop Vincentas Borisevičius Priest Seminary	Lithuania
country	The Midway Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains, located between the Kettle and Granby Rivers in British Columbia, Canada.	Midway Range	Canada
country	Bratuš is a village in Central Dalmatia, Croatia close to the city of Makarska.	Bratuš	Croatia
country	Pilestræde (lit. English: Willow Alley) is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Pilestræde	Denmark
country	Wszemirów (fʂɛˈmiruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wszemirów	Poland
country	The Karachi Boat Club (KBC) is a recreational boat club in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Karachi Boat Club	Pakistan
country	Mahamakut Buddhist University or MBU (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยมหามกุฏราชวิทยาลัย; rtgs: Maha Makutta Ratcha Witthayalai) is one of the two public Buddhist universities in Thailand.	Mahamakut Buddhist University	Thailand
country	Kudirkos Naumiestis ( pronunciation ) is in the Šakiai district municipality, Lithuania.	Kudirkos Naumiestis	Lithuania
country	Lubicz Górny (ˈlubit͡ʂ ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubicz Górny	Poland
country	In 1934, Bombay Talkies, the first movie company to be founded in India, was established in Malad by Himanshu Rai and Devika Rani.	Malad	India
country	Dublin (/ˈdʌblᵻn/, Irish: Baile Átha Cliath (blʲaːˈklʲiəh)) is the capital and largest city of Ireland.	Dublin	Ireland
country	Mowtowr-e Kheyr Mohammad Huti (Persian: موتورخيرمحمدهوتي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Kheyr Moḩammad Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Kheyr Mohammad Huti	Iran
country	Gorbea Natural Park is a protected area that is located between the provinces of Alava and Vizcaya in the Basque Country (Spain), the highest Basque natural park with an area of 20,008 hectares (49,440 acres).	Gorbea Natural Park	Spain
country	Siglufjörður is a small fishing town in a narrow fjord with the same name on the northern coast of Iceland.	Siglufjörður	Iceland
country	Rogaland College was a privately owned college situated about 40 kilometers (25 mi) south of Stavanger in Norway.	Rogaland College	Norway
country	Acapulco de Juárez (Spanish: (akaˈpulko de ˈxwaɾes)), commonly called Acapulco, is a city, municipality and major seaport in the state of Guerrero on the Pacific coast of Mexico, 380 kilometres (240 mi) southwest from Mexico City.	Acapulco	Mexico
country	Rue de la Montagne is a north-south street located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Rue de la Montagne	Canada
country	The Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition is a music competition for young pianists that takes place in Bolzano, Italy.	Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition	Italy
country	Ilha do Cabo (English: Cape Island) typically known as Ilha de Luanda (English: Island of Luanda) is a spit off the shore of Luanda, the capital of Angola.	Ilha de Luanda	Angola
country	Otuziki (also, Verkhniy Otuziki) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Otuziki	Azerbaijan
country	Quba (also, Kuba, Guba and Kuwa; Lezgin: Къуба́ Judæo-Tat: Qybə / Гъуьбэ / קאובּא) is a city in and the capital of the Quba Rayon (district) of Azerbaijan.	Quba	Azerbaijan
country	Osh State University is a government-sector university in Kyrgyzstan that has been training foreign students since 1992.	Osh State University	Kyrgyzstan
country	Sankt Aegyd am Neuwalde is a market town in the district of Lilienfeld, Lower Austria.	Sankt Aegyd am Neuwalde	Austria
country	Entrambasaguas is a small municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain, 25 km south of the Bay of Santander.	Entrambasaguas	Spain
country	Velika Stara Vas (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈstaːɾa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Velika Stara vas, German: Großaltendorf) is a village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Velika Stara Vas	Slovenia
country	The Cricket Society now has more than 2000 members in the United Kingdom and the cricket playing countries of the world.	The Cricket Society	United Kingdom
country	The Tango Monastery is a Buddhist monastery located 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) to the north of the capital city of Thimphu in Bhutan, near Cheri Mountain.	Tango Monastery	Bhutan
country	Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe is a CEGEP (College of General and Vocational Education) located at 3000 Boullé Street, Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada.	Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe	Canada
country	Frankenstein Castle (German: Burg Frankenstein) is a hilltop castle in the Odenwald overlooking the city of Darmstadt in Germany.	Frankenstein Castle	Germany
country	Adithya Institute of Technology (AIT), located at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, is a private self-financing engineering Institute, adithya Institute of Technology is a engineering college in coimbatore .	Adithya Institute of Technology	India
country	Robovo (Macedonian: Робово) is a village in the Bosilovo Municipality of Macedonia	Robovo	Macedonia
country	Fuente Obejuna is a city located in the province of Córdoba, Andalucía, Spain.	Fuente Obejuna	Spain
country	Ezernieki parish (Latvian: Ezernieku pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Dagda Municipality, Latvia.	Ezernieki parish	Latvia
country	The Volcanoes of east-central Baja California are located on the Baja California Peninsula near the Gulf of California, in the state of Baja California Sur, in Mexico.	Volcanoes of east-central Baja California	Mexico
country	Sutherland Hospital is part of the South Eastern Sydney Local Health District and is located in Caringbah, a southern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Sutherland Hospital	Australia
country	Takht-e Jamshid (Persian: تخت جمشيد‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Jamshīd and Takht-i-Jamshīd) is a village in Kenareh Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Takht-e Jamshid	Iran
country	Mistastin crater is a meteorite crater in Labrador, Canada which contains the roughly circular Mistastin Lake.	Mistastin crater	Canada
country	The Plurinational Constitutional Tribunal (Spanish: Tribunal Constitucional Plurinacional) is a national court in Bolivia charged with adjudicating the constitutionality of laws, government power, and treaties in accordance with the country's 2009 Constitution, which created it.	Plurinational Constitutional Tribunal	Bolivia
country	Valley Gardens Middle School is located in Monkseaton, Whitley Bay in North Tyneside, United Kingdom.	Valley Gardens Middle School	United Kingdom
country	Oskova (Serbian: Оскова) is a village in the municipality of Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Oskova	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Camp Hughes was a Canadian military training camp, located in the Rural Municipality of North Cypress west of the town of Carberry in Manitoba, Canada.	Camp Hughes	Canada
country	Blues Point Tower is an apartment block in Sydney, Australia.	Blues Point Tower	Australia
country	See-Gaster is a constituency (Wahlkreis) in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	See-Gaster	Switzerland
country	Chapinero is a locality (administrative subdivision) of Bogotá, capital of Colombia.	Chapinero	Colombia
country	Caripe is a town in Caripe Municipality in the mountainous north of the state of Monagas in eastern Venezuela.	Caripe	Venezuela
country	Prato Centrale railway station (Italian: Stazione di Prato Centrale) is the main station serving the city and comune of Prato, in the region of Tuscany, central Italy.	Prato Centrale railway station	Italy
country	Gräfenroda is a municipality in Thuringia in the northeast of the Thüringer Wald forest, Ilm-Kreis district, Germany.	Gräfenroda	Germany
country	Naro-Fominsk (Russian: На́ро-Фоми́нск) is a town and the administrative center of Naro-Fominsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Nara River, 70 kilometers (43 mi) southwest from Moscow.	Naro-Fominsk	Russia
country	The Popular Front of the Canary Islands (Frente Popular de las Islas Canarias) or FREPIC-AWAÑAK is a marginal leftist political party seeking independence from Spain for the Canary Islands.	Popular Front of the Canary Islands	Spain
country	Kiribathgoda is a large suburb of Colombo city, and is situated on A1 highway, from Colombo to Kandy between Kelaniya and Mahara/Kadawatha in Sri Lanka.	Kiribathgoda	Sri Lanka
country	The Association of Muslim Professionals (Abbreviation: AMP) is a community self-help group in Singapore that was established on October 10, 1991.	Association of Muslim Professionals	Singapore
country	The Toronto School of Theology (TST) is an ecumenical centre for graduate theological education and the largest of its kind in Canada.	Toronto School of Theology	Canada
country	The Yangon Central Women's Hospital (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် ဗဟို အမျိုးသမီး ဆေးရုံ) is a public hospital in Yangon, Myanmar.	Yangon Central Women's Hospital	Myanmar
country	Bjegovići (Serbian: Бјеговићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bjegovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Oper am Gänsemarkt was a theatre in Hamburg, Germany, built in 1678 after plans of Girolamo Sartorio.	Oper am Gänsemarkt	Germany
country	Kolonia Święte (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɕfjɛntɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kolonia Święte	Poland
country	Gardiner Street (Irish: Sráid Ghairdinéir) is in Dublin, Ireland and stretches from the River Liffey at its southern end via Mountjoy Square to Dorset Street at its northern end.	Gardiner Street	Ireland
country	Cromwell Racecourse Aerodrome (IATA: N/A, ICAO: NZCS) is a small airport 1 Nautical Mile (1.9km) to the west of Cromwell township in Central Otago on the South Island of New Zealand.	Cromwell Racecourse Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Polish Naval Academy (PNA) is a military-training university located in Gdynia, Poland.	Polish Naval Academy	Poland
country	Felsőszölnök (Slovene: Gornji Senik, German: Oberzemming, Latin: Zelnuk Superior) is a village in Vas County, Hungary.	Felsőszölnök	Hungary
country	Ndora is a village and commune/sector in Butare Province, south-western Rwanda, located roughly 10 kilometres east of the city of Butare.	Ndora	Rwanda
country	The RWI Essen, full German name Rheinisch-Westfälisches Institut für Wirtschaftsforschung e.V., is a leading economic research institute in Essen, Germany.	RWI Essen	Germany
country	Frol is a former municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Frol	Norway
country	Esefjorden is a fjord arm on the north side of the Sognefjord in the municipality of Balestrand in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Esefjord	Norway
country	Coro Gulf is located near Coro, a city in Falcón State of Venezuela.	Coro Gulf	Venezuela
country	Taegwan County is a kun, or county, in northeastern North P'yŏngan province, North Korea.	Taegwan County	North Korea
country	Alba Longa (occasionally written Albalonga in Italian sources) was an ancient city of Latium in central Italy, 19 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Rome, in the Alban Hills.	Alba Longa	Italy
country	Manduria is a city and comune of Apulia, Italy, in the province of Taranto.	Manduria	Italy
country	Ilzeskalns parish (Latvian: Ilzeskalna pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Ilzeskalns parish	Latvia
country	City and County of St. John was a federal electoral district in New Brunswick, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1917.	City and County of St. John	Canada
country	Qift (Arabic: قفط‎; Coptic: Ⲕⲉϥⲧ Keft or Kebto; Egyptian Gebtu; Ancient Greek: Κόπτος Coptos or Koptos; Roman Justinianopolis) is a small town in the Qena Governorate of Egypt about 43 km north of Luxor, on the east bank of the Nile.	Qift	Egypt
country	Sianezar (Persian: سيانزار‎, also Romanized as Sīānezār, Sīānzār, and Seyānzār; also known as Sīāh Nesār and Sīāhnisar) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sianezar	Iran
country	Viimsi JK, or simply as Viimsi, is a football club based in Haabneeme, Viimsi Parish, Estonia.	Viimsi JK	Estonia
country	Ruda Waplewska (ˈruda vaˈplɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ruda Waplewska	Poland
country	Praproče pri Grosupljem (pronounced (ˈpɾaːpɾɔtʃɛ pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm); in older sources also Prapreče, German: Lichtenberg) is a small settlement east of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Praproče pri Grosupljem	Slovenia
country	The Royal Swazi Sun Hotel is a major entertainment complex in the Ezulwini Valley of Swaziland.	Royal Swazi Sun Hotel	Swaziland
country	Ortnek (pronounced (ɔɾˈtnɛk); German: Ortenegg) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Ortnek	Slovenia
country	El-Mansuriya or Mansuriya (Tunisian Arabic: المنصوريه ‎), near Kairouan, Tunisia, was the capital of the Fatimid Caliphate during the rules of the Ismaili Shia Muslim Imams al-Mansur Billah (r. 946--953) and al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah (r. 953--975).	El-Mansuriya	Tunisia
country	Djupeskardnosi is a mountain in Hol municipality in Buskerud, in southern Norway.	Djupeskardnosi	Norway
country	The Gârcina mine is a large potash mine located in eastern Romania in Neamţ County, close to Gârcina.	Gârcina mine	Romania
country	Gol Bazu (Persian: گلبازو‎, also Romanized as Gol Bāzū; also known as Gol Bāzo) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gol Bazu	Iran
country	Jahazban-e Pain (Persian: جهازبان پائين‎, also Romanized as Jahāzbān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Jahazban-e Pain	Iran
country	Słowiński National Park (Polish: Słowiński Park Narodowy) is a national park in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Słowiński National Park	Poland
country	Wadelai is a village of northern Uganda on the Albert Nile and was the final chief station of Emin Pasha when Governor of Equatoria.	Wadelai	Uganda
country	Agryz (Russian: Агрыз; Tatar: Cyrillic Әгерҗе, Latin Ägerce) is a town and the administrative center of Agryzsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Izh River (Volga's basin), 304 kilometers (189 mi) east of Kazan.	Agryz	Russia
country	The Turtle Group is the name of four very small and vegetated islands part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Queensland, Australia.	Turtle Group	Australia
country	Hanstholm fortress (German: Festung Hanstholm; Danish: Hanstholm batteri) was a large coastal fortification, built by Nazi Germany at Hanstholm in north-western Denmark during World War II. The remains of the fortress is now a World War II museum situated in Thy National Park.	Hanstholm fortress	Denmark
country	Motyczno (mɔˈtɨt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Motyczno	Poland
country	Petaloudes (Greek: Πεταλούδες) is a former municipality on the island of Rhodes, in the Dodecanese, Greece.	Petaloudes	Greece
country	Igriés is a small village located in the Hoya de Huesca, in the province of Aragón in northern Spain.	Igriés	Spain
country	Korshavn Bay is a bay of northeastern Funen, Denmark, near the village of Nordskov.	Korshavn Bay	Denmark
country	Talmei Elazar (Hebrew: תַּלְמֵי אֶלְעָזָר, lit. Elazar Furrows) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Talmei Elazar	Israel
country	Beris Dam is a water supply dam located in Kedah, Malaysia.	Beris Dam	Malaysia
country	Malatkeşin (also, Malat-Keshen, Malatkeshin, and Malatneshin) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Malatkeşin	Azerbaijan
country	Lalazar is a tourist spot situated 21 km from Naran in Kaghan Valley, Pakistan.	Lalazar	Pakistan
country	Zangulbareh (Persian: زنگول بره‎, also Romanized as Zangūlbareh; also known as Zangolbareh) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zangulbareh	Iran
country	Centennial Parklands is the name given to a group of three parklands in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Centennial Parklands	Australia
country	Allauch (Alaug in Occitan; French pronunciation: ​(alo)) is a French commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France.	Allauch	France
country	Encs is a small town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary, 30 kilometers from the county capital Miskolc.	Encs	Hungary
country	Vary (Ukrainian: Вари, Hungarian: Vári or Mezővári) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Vary	Ukraine
country	Sde Warburg (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה וַרְבּוּרְג) is a moshav shitufi in the Center District of Israel, established in 1938 as a Tower and stockade by immigrants from Germany.	Sde Warburg	Israel
country	Kei Mouth (Afrikaans: Keimond) is a resort town on the southeast coast of South Africa, situated in the Wild Coast region of the Eastern Cape Province, situated 94 kilometres from the city of East London.	Kei Mouth	South Africa
country	Neve Tzedek (Hebrew: נְוֵה צֶדֶק, lit. Abode of Justice) is a neighborhood located in southwestern Tel Aviv, Israel.	Neve Tzedek	Israel
country	Kungsbron (Swedish: ``King's Bridge'') is a double bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Kungsbron	Sweden
country	Orumba North is a Local Government Area in Anambra State, East-central Nigeria.	Orumba North	Nigeria
country	Średnia Krokiew (The Normal Krokiew, in Polish krokiew means rafter) is a ski jumping normal hill in Zakopane, Poland.	Średnia Krokiew	Poland
country	Dowlatabad-e Qeysariyeh (Persian: دولت آبادقيصريه‎, also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Qeyşarīyeh) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Dowlatabad-e Qeysariyeh	Iran
country	Eversel is a small village in Heusden that is part of the municipality of Heusden-Zolder, Belgium.	Eversel	Belgium
country	Negarman (Persian: نگارمن‎, also Romanized as Negārman, Nekārman, Nigārman, Nogārīmān, Nogārman, and Nokārman) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Negarman	Iran
country	Koussour is a well area in the Arta Region of Djibouti.	Koussour	Djibouti
country	The Blautopf (German for Blue Pot; ``blau'' means blue, ``topf'' means pot) is a spring that serves as the source of the river Blau in the karst landscape on the Swabian Jura's southern edge, in Southern Germany.	Blautopf	Germany
country	Donousa (Greek: Δονούσα, also Δενούσα - Denousa) is an island and a former community in the Cyclades, Greece.	Donousa	Greece
country	Valença Airport (IATA: VAL, ICAO: SNVB) is the airport serving Valença, Brazil and the holiday area around Morro de São Paulo.	Valença Airport	Brazil
country	The American University of Paris (AUP) is a private, independent, and accredited liberal arts and sciences university in Paris, France.	American University of Paris	France
country	German submarine U-1060 was a Type VIIF submarine of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.	German submarine U-1060	Nazi Germany
country	Czysta Woda (ˈt͡ʂɨsta ˈvɔda) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czysta Woda	Poland
country	Raduše (pronounced (ˈɾaːduʃɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Raduše	Slovenia
country	Oranjemund (German for: ``Mouth of Oranje'') is a diamond mining town of 4,000 inhabitants situated in the extreme southwest of Namibia, on the northern bank of the Orange River mouth at the border to South Africa.	Oranjemund	Namibia
country	Ellingen Residence (German: Residenz Ellingen) is a Schloss in the Bavarian town of Ellingen, Germany.	Ellingen Residence	Germany
country	Kabudeh-ye Hasanabad (Persian: كبوده حسن اباد‎, also Romanized as Kabūdeh-ye Ḩasanābād) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kabudeh-ye Hasanabad	Iran
country	Molos-Agios Konstantinos (Greek: Μώλος-Άγιος Κωνσταντίνος) is a municipality in the region of Central Greece, in Greece.	Molos-Agios Konstantinos	Greece
country	The Sork Ale Volcano (also known as the Asdaga or Sorcali Volcano) is a sicilic stratovolcano located in the Danakil Horst at the southern end of the Danakil Alps near the Ethiopia/Eritrea border.	Sork Ale	Ethiopia
country	Runayuq (Quechua runa person (woman, man or child), -yuq a suffix, ``the one with a man (or people)'', hispanicized Runayoc) is an archaeological site in Peru on a mountain of that name.	Runayuq	Peru
country	Komarapalayam is a textile town situated on the bank of the Cauvery river, Ganges River of South India, in Namakkal District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Komarapalayam	India
country	Lielmēmele Manor (Latvian: Lielmēmeles muižas pils), also called Mēmele, is a manor house in the historical region of Selonia, in Latvia.	Lielmēmele Manor	Latvia
country	KIU Academy is an international, bilingual Christian school located in Kyōtanabe, Kyoto, Japan.	KIU Academy	Japan
country	Laon-Athies Air Base is an abandoned military airfield, which is located near the city of Laon in the Aisne department of France.	Laon-Athies Air Base	France
country	Gura Jub-e Morad Beyg (Persian: گوراجوب مرادبيگ‎, also Romanized as Gūrā Jūb-e Morād Beyg; also known as Gūrājū Morād Bak) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gura Jub-e Morad Beyg	Iran
country	Khadyzhensk (Russian: Хады́женск) is a town in Apsheronsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Pshish River, 113 kilometers (70 mi) southeast of Krasnodar.	Khadyzhensk	Russia
country	Umuogele Ntigha is one of the villages that make up the Avoh Na Ogele autonomous community of Ntigha, Abia State, Nigeria.	Umuogele Ntigha	Nigeria
country	Honghu (Chinese: 洪湖; pinyin: Hónghú) is a county-level city in the municipal region of Jingzhou, in the south of Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Honghu	People's Republic of China
country	Loviisa (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈloviːsa); Swedish: Lovisa Swedish pronunciation: (luvˈiːsa)) is a municipality and town of 15,424 inhabitants (30 June 2015) on the southern coast of Finland.	Loviisa	Finland
country	The Midou or Midour (/midu/, Occitan: Midor) is the left precursor of the Midouze, in the Southwest of France.	Midou	France
country	The Association for Somogy (Hungarian: Somogyért, officially: Somogyért Egyesület) is a local political party in the county of Somogy in Hungary, allied with the Hungarian Socialist Party.	Association for Somogy	Hungary
country	Abelenkpe is a Urban area in the Accra Metropolitan district, a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.	Abelenkpe	Ghana
country	Jombok Hoas is a non-profit adventure retreat run by the Adventist Development and Relief Agency (ADRA) situated in forest in the small village of Sry Tnong (near the town of Rovieng) in Preah Vihear Province, Cambodia.	Jombok Hoas	Cambodia
country	The Big Culvert is a substantial granite and bluestone arch culvert on the historic Yarra Track near Cambarville, Victoria, Australia.	The Big Culvert	Australia
country	Ewens Ponds is a series of three water-filled limestone sinkholes on Eight Mile Creek 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Mount Gambier and 8.4 kilometres (5.2 mi) east of Port Macdonnell, South Australia.	Ewens Ponds	Australia
country	Orø is a small island in Denmark located in the Isefjord.	Orø	Denmark
country	Garkan-e Sofla (Persian: گركان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Garkān-e Soflá and Garekān-e Soflá) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Garkan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Kulkwitzer See is a lake in Saxony, Germany.	Kulkwitzer See	Germany
country	The Saudi Geological Survey (SGS) is the national geologic survey of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Saudi Geological Survey	Saudi Arabia
country	Ulica Miła 18 (or 18 Pleasant Street in English) was the headquarters ``bunker'' (actually a hidden shelter) of the Jewish Combat Organization (ŻOB), a Jewish resistance group in the Warsaw Ghetto in Poland during World War II.	Miła 18	Poland
country	Beilul (alternatively, Beylul) is a small cape town in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea.	Beilul	Eritrea
country	Morphou (Greek: Μόρφου; Turkish: Omorfo or Güzelyurt) is a town in the northwestern part of Cyprus, under the de facto control of Northern Cyprus.	Morphou	Cyprus
country	Forum Cassii was an ancient town of Etruria, in central Italy, situated on the Via Cassia, with the formation of which, from its name, it was certainly connected.	Forum Cassii	Italy
country	Botoșani (Romanian pronunciation: (botoˈʃanʲ)) (Hungarian: Botosány, Polish: Botoszany, German: Botoschan) is the capital city of Botoșani County, in northern Moldavia, Romania.	Botoșani	Romania
country	Huta Kryształowa (ˈxuta krɨʂtaˈwɔva) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Huta Kryształowa	Poland
country	Most of the developed area is just above the current flood plain of the River Thames which benefits from hay meadows traditionally used as flood meadows to either side of Pangbourne, fewer than 15 properties here flooded during the Winter storms of 2013--14 in the United Kingdom.	Pangbourne	United Kingdom
country	The Kumano Sea is a body of water belonging to North Pacific Ocean (Philippines Sea) located off the coast of Kumano Region of the Kii Peninsula located in central Japan.	Kumano Sea	Japan
country	Grăniceri (Hungarian: Ottlaka) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated on the Crișurilor Plain, at the western border of Romania.	Grăniceri	Romania
country	Shin Kong Life Tower (Chinese: 新光人壽保險摩天大樓; pinyin: Xīnguāng Rénshòu Bǎoxiǎn Mótiān Dàlóu) is the third tallest building in Taiwan at 51 storeys 244.76 metres (803.0 ft).	Shin Kong Life Tower	Taiwan
country	Björndal is a village (smaller locality) in Ekerö Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden.	Björndal	Sweden
country	Tubozabad (Persian: توبزاباد‎, also Romanized as Tūbozābād; also known as Toppozābād) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tubozabad	Iran
country	Frente de Reconstrução Nacional de Timor-Leste - Mudança (English: Front for National Reconstruction of Timor-Leste - Change), commonly known as Frenti-Mudança, is a political party in East Timor led by Vice-Prime minister José Luís Guterres.	Frenti-Mudança	East Timor
country	Nowshahr-e Surgi (Persian: نوشهر سورگي‎, also Romanized as Nowshahr-e Sūrgī) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nowshahr-e Surgi	Iran
country	Asilo de San Vicente de Paul is an orphanage located on UN Avenue in Manila, Philippines.	Asilo de San Vicente de Paul	Philippines
country	Dubna Parish (Latvian: Dubnas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils District, Latvia.	Dubna Parish	Latvia
country	Due to its striking inlay artwork, Bidriware is an important export handicraft of India and is prized as a symbol of wealth.	Bidriware	India
country	Limoges Conservatory or Conservatoire à rayonnement régional de Limoges is a musical conservatory in Limoges, France.	Limoges Conservatory	France
country	The Ponte di San Francesco (Italian for Bridge of Saint Francis) is a medieval segmental arch bridge over the Aniene in Subiaco, Lazio, Italy.	Ponte di San Francesco	Italy
country	Gäu District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, situated in the centre of the canton.	Gäu District	Switzerland
country	Safonovo-1 (Russian: Сафоново-1) is a military garrison in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula on the Kola Bay, 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) southwest of Severomorsk.	Safonovo-1	Russia
country	Fujairah International Airport (Arabic: مطار الفجيرة الدولي‎) (IATA: FJR, ICAO: OMFJ) is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.	Fujairah International Airport	United Arab Emirates
country	Boheyr-e Yek (Persian: بحيريك‎; also known as Beḩor, Bohair, Boher, and Būḩer) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boheyr-e Yek	Iran
country	El Taref (Arabic: الطارف‎) is a city in Algeria.	El Taref	Algeria
country	Pilolcura (Mapudungun for hollow stone) is a beach and hamlet in Valdivia Province, Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Pilolcura	Chile
country	The Granitz is a wooded ridge in the southeast of Germany's largest island, Rügen, between the Baltic Sea resorts of Binz and Sellin.	Granitz	Germany
country	Monaghan (pronounced /ˈmʌnəhən/ MUN-ə-hən; Irish: Muineachán) is the county town of County Monaghan, Ireland.	Monaghan	Ireland
country	The Open Doek Film Festival, held annually in Turnhout, Belgium, since 1992, is an international film festival with a focus on world cinema.	Open Doek Film Festival	Belgium
country	Wola Karczewska (ˈvɔla karˈt͡ʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Karczewska	Poland
country	Kovda River (Russian: Ковда, Finnish Koutajoki) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast and Republic of Karelia, Russia.	Kovda River	Russia
country	Pequeño Seúl (Korean: 작은 서울: jageun seoul) is a Koreatown in Mexico City.	Pequeño Seúl	Mexico
country	Santed is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.	Santed	Spain
country	Lipska Wola (ˈlipska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lipska Wola	Poland
country	Edachira is a small town in Kochi, Kerala in India.	Edachira	India
country	The Larabanga Mosque is a historic mosque, built in the Sudanese architectural style in the village of Larabanga, Ghana.	Larabanga Mosque	Ghana
country	The Caliphal Baths are Arab baths in Córdoba, Spain.	Caliphal Baths	Spain
country	It became the Autonomous Republic of Crimea within newly independent Ukraine in 1991, with Sevastopol having its own administration, within Ukraine but outside of the Autonomous Republic.	Crimea	Ukraine
country	The Research Institute of Petroleum Industry, also known as NIOC-RIPI, often shortened to RIPI (Persian: پژوهشگاه صنعت نفت‎‎) is a governmental research institute founded in 1959 in Tehran, Iran and is affiliated with National Iranian Oil Company.	Research Institute of Petroleum Industry	Iran
country	Maduda is a village in Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Maduda	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Ketu Municipal District was one of the districts in the Volta Region of Ghana.	Ketu Municipal District	Ghana
country	Glendale Technology High School is a government high school in the suburb of Glendale, New South Wales, Australia.	Glendale Technology High School	Australia
country	Imeni Morozova (Russian: имени Морозова) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of Lake Ladoga by the source of the Neva River, northeast of Saint Petersburg.	Imeni Morozova	Russia
country	The Château de Saint-Germain-Beaupré is a château in the commune of Saint-Germain-Beaupré in the Creuse département of France.	Château de Saint-Germain-Beaupré	France
country	Tjentište (Serbian Cyrillic: Тјентиште) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tjentište	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ambankalai is one among the villages of Thiruvattar in the Kanniyakumari district in India.	Ambankalai	India
country	The Poqueira is a river in La Alpujarra region in the province of Granada, in Spain.	Poqueira	Spain
country	Prizren is located on the slopes of the Šar Mountains (Albanian: Malet e Sharrit) in the southern part of the Republic of Kosovo The municipality has a border with Albania and the Republic of Macedonia.	Prizren	Albania
country	The El Rey National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional El Rey) is a national park of Argentina, located in the Anta Department, province of Salta, in the Argentine Northwest, 80 km from the provincial capital.	El Rey National Park	Argentina
country	The Canadian Authors Association was founded in 1921 and is Canada's oldest association for writers and authors.	Canadian Authors Association	Canada
country	Cotignola was the birthplace of the 15th century condottiero Muzio Attendolo, whose family Sforza) later ruled Milan, Pesaro and other seigniories in Italy.	Cotignola	Italy
country	Vellayani is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital city of Kerala, India.	Vellayani	India
country	Dorogawa Dam (Japanese: 泥川ダム) is a dam in Karuizawa, Nagano Prefecture, Japan.	Dorogawa Dam	Japan
country	Los Vilos Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Los Vilos, ICAO: SCLV) is a public use airport located near La Viña, Coquimbo, Chile.	Los Vilos Airport	Chile
country	De Graafschap (Dutch pronunciation: (də ˈɣraːfsxɑp)) is a professional football club from Doetinchem, Netherlands.	De Graafschap	Netherlands
country	The Elliott District Community Government Council was a local government area of the Northern Territory, Australia.	Elliott District Community Government Council	Australia
country	Vissani (Greek: Βήσσανη) is a village in the municipal unit of Delvinaki, Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Vissani	Greece
country	Horokhiv (Ukrainian: Горохів, Polish: Horochów, Yiddish: ארכעוו‎, Russian: Горохов) is a town in Volyn Oblast, Ukraine.	Horokhiv	Ukraine
country	Lechlin-Huby (ˈlɛxlin ˈxubɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lechlin-Huby	Poland
country	Mogilev Airport (Belarusian: Аэрапорт Магілёў, Russian: Аэропорт Могилёв) (IATA: MVQ, ICAO: UMOO) is an airport that serves Mahilyow, Belarus.	Mogilev Airport	Belarus
country	Bam Airport is an airport to the east of Bam, Iran (IATA: BXR, ICAO: OIKM).	Bam Airport	Iran
country	Serangoon Gardens Estate is a private residential estate in Singapore.	Serangoon Garden	Singapore
country	Kodlamane Vishnumurthy Temple is a Hindu temple located in the village of Balkur in Honnavar Taluk, in the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state, India.	Kodlamane Vishnumurthy Temple	India
country	Šentilj pod Turjakom (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtiːl pɔt tuˈɾjaːkɔm) or (ʃənˈtiːl pɔt tuˈɾjaːkɔm)) is a village in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia.	Šentilj pod Turjakom	Slovenia
country	El Aguajito (also called Santa Ana caldera) is a caldera volcano located on the Gulf of California in Mexico.	Aguajito	Mexico
country	Mount Longonot is a stratovolcano located southeast of Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley of Kenya, Africa.	Mount Longonot	Kenya
country	Katangsky District (Russian: Катангский райо́н) is an administrative district, one of the thirty-three in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia.	Katangsky District	Russia
country	Večeslavci (pronounced (ʋeˈtʃeːslau̯tsi); Hungarian: Vasvecsés, archaic Prekmurje Slovene: Vočeslavci, German: Sesseldorf or Sessldorf) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Večeslavci	Slovenia
country	Bani Kinanah Department (Arabic: لواء بني كنانة‎) is one of the nine departments that constitute the Irbid Governorate of Jordan.	Bani Kinanah Department	Jordan
country	Namatanai District is the southernmost and larger of the two districts of New Ireland Province in Papua New Guinea.	Namatanai District	Papua New Guinea
country	Kennedy Baptist College is an Australian coeducational independent secondary school located in Murdoch, Western Australia.	Kennedy Baptist College	Australia
country	St George's Church, Venice is an Anglican parish church in Venice, Italy in the Diocese in Europe.	St George's Church, Venice	Italy
country	Film Festival of Faculty of Informatics is a student film festival held annually in May at the Faculty of Informatics at Masaryk University in Brno, Czech Republic.	Film Festival of Faculty of Informatics	Czech Republic
country	Lovund Church (Norwegian: Lovund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Lovund Church	Norway
country	Flat Witch Island, also known as Little Witch Island, is an island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Flat Witch Island	Australia
country	Four Roads Junction is a settlement on the island of Saint Lucia; it is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart, near Ti Rocher, Dubrassay, and Trois Pitons.	Four Roads Junction	Saint Lucia
country	Sad-e Zarivar (Persian: سد زريوار‎, also Romanized as Sad-e Zarīvār) is a village in Zarivar Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sad-e Zarivar	Iran
country	The Cafetería Rolando bombing was an attack on the Rolando cafe in Calle del Correo, Madrid, Spain which killed 13 people and wounded 71.	Cafetería Rolando bombing	Spain
country	Ostrogozhsk (Russian: Острого́жск; Ukrainian: Острогозьк) is a town and the administrative center of Ostrogozhsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the Tikhaya Sosna River (a Don's tributary), 142 kilometers (88 mi) south of Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast.	Ostrogozhsk	Russia
country	Berachampa (Bengali: বেড়াচাঁপা, pronounced as: Be-ra-cha-pa) is a small town on the outskirts of Kolkata, West Bengal, in eastern India.	Berachampa	India
country	Brickfields is a small to medium-sized town and residential neighbourhood (as well as an administrative zone) located just outside central Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Brickfields	Malaysia
country	Khindsi Lake is a lake near the city of Ramtek in the Nagpur district of India.	Khindsi Lake	India
country	The 2012 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of National Olympic Committees (NOCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the capital of the United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012.	2012 Summer Olympics medal table	United Kingdom
country	The Menen Hotel is the larger of two hotels in the Meneng District in Nauru.	Menen Hotel	Nauru
country	Bolbol Tappeh (Persian: بلبل تپه‎; also known as Būrbūr Tappeh) is a village in Qoroq Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Bolbol Tappeh	Iran
country	Khomasdal is a suburb of Namibia's capital of Windhoek in the Khomas Region.	Khomasdal	Namibia
country	The Zoological Garden of Beersheba (AKA NegevZoo) is a Zoo located near the west entrance of Beersheba, Israel.	NegevZoo	Israel
country	Maussane-les-Alpilles (Occitan: Maussana leis Aupilhas) or (provençal: Maussano lis Aupiho) is a French commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur region in southern France.	Maussane-les-Alpilles	France
country	Gic is a village in Veszprém County, Hungary.	Gic	Hungary
country	The section of the Hunsrück Railway from Boppard to Emmelshausen is the steepest adhesion railway in western Germany.	Hunsrück Railway	Germany
country	Pashaly Treti (also, Pashaly Tret’i, Orta Pashaly, and Pashaly Tretiy) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pashaly Treti	Azerbaijan
country	Saare ots is a cape belonging to the country of Estonia.	Saare ots	Estonia
country	Monteleone di Spoleto (in Antiquity, the Roman town of Brufa), is a town and comune of Italy, in the province of Perugia in southeast Umbria at 978 meters (3209 ft) above sea-level overhanging the upper valley of the Corno River.	Monteleone di Spoleto	Italy
country	Sodo Zuria (Amharic ``Greater Sodo Area'') is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Sodo Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Alnavar (Kannada: ಅಳ್ನಾವರ)is a panchayat town in Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Alnavar	India
country	Klingenthal is a town in the Vogtland region, in the Free State of Saxony, south-eastern Germany.	Klingenthal	Germany
country	Azna County (Persian: شهرستان ازنا‎) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran.	Azna County	Iran
country	Brière Regional Natural Park (French: Parc naturel régional de Brière) is a protected area in the Pays de la Loire region of France.	Brière Regional Natural Park	France
country	The Qayqayt First Nation is one of the smallest First Nations in Canada and the only one registered without a land base.	Qayqayt First Nation	Canada
country	Chakramangai or Chakravageswarar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Siva located in Chakkarapalli, Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Chakravageswarar Temple	India
country	Nadbišec (pronounced (ˈnaːdbiʃəts)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.	Nadbišec	Slovenia
country	Fusignano is a comune in the province of Ravenna (Emilia-Romagna) in Italy.	Fusignano	Italy
country	Uścianek-Dębianka (uɕˈt͡ɕanɛk dɛmˈbjaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Uścianek-Dębianka	Poland
country	The Shire of Barron is a former local government area in Far North Queensland, Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Barron	Australia
country	Abbas Khel Raghzai (Urdu: عباس خیل رغزئی‎) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Abbas Khel Raghzai	Pakistan
country	Rudna Vas (pronounced (ˈɾuːdna ˈʋaːs)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Rudna Vas	Slovenia
country	The Jordan River Dam, officially the Jordan River Diversion Dam, and known locally simply as Diversion Dam, is a dam located in Jordan River, British Columbia, Canada.	Jordan River Dam	Canada
country	Kaiser-Wilhelm-Koog, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany (Eurofurence 1) 1996-07-18 to 1996-07-22 :	Eurofurence	Germany
country	The Aiguille de l'A Neuve is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif, located on the border between Switzerland and France.	Aiguille de l'A Neuve	Switzerland
country	Facinas is a small village in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Facinas	Spain
country	Birmingham Central Mosque is one of the earliest purpose-built mosques in the United Kingdom.	Birmingham Central Mosque	United Kingdom
country	Figueira dos Cavaleiros is a freguesia in Ferreira do Alentejo, Portugal.	Figueira dos Cavaleiros	Portugal
country	Tysta Mari was a famous coffee shop and restaurant in Stockholm, Sweden very popular with artists, intellectuals and journalists.	Tysta Mari	Sweden
country	Father Dueñas Memorial School (FDMS) is an all-male Catholic high school located in Mangilao, in the United States territory of Guam.	Father Dueñas Memorial School	Guam
country	The Shire of Cranbrook is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 92 kilometres (57 mi) north of Albany and about 320 kilometres (199 mi) south-southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Cranbrook	Australia
country	Karakol (Kyrgyz: Каракол), formerly Przhevalsk, is the fourth largest city in Kyrgyzstan, near the eastern tip of Lake Issyk-Kul in Kyrgyzstan, about 150 kilometres (93 mi) from the Kyrgyzstan-China border and 380 kilometres (240 mi) from the capital Bishkek.	Karakol	Kyrgyzstan
country	The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg, South Africa.	City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality	South Africa
country	Bitama is a village in western Eritrea	Bitama	Eritrea
country	O'Shea and Bennett's Siding was a railway siding on the Walhalla narrow gauge line in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, named for the local sawmill company of William O'Shea and David Bennett.	O'Shea and Bennett's Siding	Australia
country	The Honorable Society of King's Inns (HSKI) is the institution which controls the entry of barristers-at-law into the justice system of Ireland.	King's Inns	Ireland
country	Institution Sainte Jeanne-Antide is a French school for girls, located in Alexandria, Egypt.	Institution Sainte Jeanne-Antide	Egypt
country	He wrote many letters to a number of friends in Germany, which he later used as the basis for Italian Journey.	Italian Journey	Germany
country	Monte Agnèr (2,872m) is a mountain of the Dolomites located near the village of Taibon Agordino in the Belluno, northeast Italy.	Monte Agnèr	Italy
country	Riverstick (Irish: Abhainn Stíc) is a village in Ireland lying south of Cork, halfway between Cork and Kinsale, on the Cork to Kinsale road.	Riverstick	Ireland
country	Telstra Research Laboratories (TRL) was a leading telecommunications research and development centre in Australia up until its closure in January 2006.	Telstra Research Laboratories	Australia
country	Naqduz (Persian: نقدوز‎, also Romanized as Naqdūz; also known as Nīāz) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Naqduz	Iran
country	Blåmanen is one of the seven mountains that surround the centre of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Blåmanen	Norway
country	Pleudaniel (Breton: Planiel) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Pleudaniel	France
country	Minbya Township (Burmese: မင်းပြားမြို့နယ်) is a township of Sittwe District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar.	Minbya Township	Myanmar
country	Malwana is a town of 36,050 (estimate as of 2011) inhabitants in the ((Western Province, Sri Lanka	Malwana	Sri Lanka
country	Baldone ( pronunciation ; German: Baldohn) is a town in Latvia.	Baldone	Latvia
country	Tallman West Falls is a 5 metre high horsetail ribbon waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Tallman West Falls	Canada
country	Shuisheliao Station (Chinese: 水社寮車站; pinyin: Shuǐshèliáo Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Zhuqi Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	Shuisheliao Station	Taiwan
country	IMS Engineering College (IMSEC) is an engineering and management college located in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.	IMS Engineering College	India
country	Karanganyar Regency is located in the south east of Central Java, Indonesia.	Karanganyar Regency	Indonesia
country	The three-year, $62 million renovation of the Alte Nationalgalerie was part of a refurbishment of Museum Island and the energetic effort by government and private institutions to re-establish Berlin as Germany's political and cultural heart.	Alte Nationalgalerie	Germany
country	Sychrov Castle can be found near the village Sychrov in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Sychrov Castle	Czech Republic
country	Hendrik Van Eck Airport (IATA: PHW, ICAO: FAPH) is an airport serving Phalaborwa, a town in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Hendrik Van Eck Airport	South Africa
country	St. Peter-Pagig is a former municipality in the district of Plessur in the Grisons, Switzerland.	St. Peter-Pagig	Switzerland
country	Polog (Macedonian: Полог, Polog; Albanian: Pollog) also known as the Polog Valley (Полошка Котлина, Pološka Kotlina; Lugina e Pollogut), is located in the north-western part of the Republic of Macedonia, near the border with Kosovo.	Polog	Macedonia
country	Guruvayur (Malayalam: ഗുരുവായൂർ, Sanskrit: गुरुवायुपुरम्, Guruvāyupuram), also written as Guruvayoor or Gurupavanapuri, is a municipal town in Thrissur District, of Kerala State in India.	Guruvayur	India
country	Skrzydłówko (skʂɨˈdwufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skrzydłówko	Poland
country	Trubchevsk (Russian: Трубче́вск) is a town and the administrative center of Trubchevsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located about 95 kilometers (59 mi) south of the city of Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Trubchevsk	Russia
country	Kiveri (Greek: Κιβέρι) is a small village in the municipal unit of Lerna, Argolis, Greece.	Kiveri	Greece
country	Stary Bartków (ˈstarɨ ˈbartkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Bartków	Poland
country	The site containing the archaeological remains of Fort Lawrence was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923.	Fort Lawrence	Canada
country	KV4 is a tomb in the Valley of the Kings (Egypt).	KV4	Egypt
country	Bittangabee Bay is a tiny, picturesque bay on the rugged and remote stretch of coastline south of Eden in New South Wales, Australia.	Bittangabee Bay	Australia
country	Chandukan (Persian: چندوكان‎, also Romanized as Chandukān and Chandvakān; also known as Chandūk) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chandukan	Iran
country	Vinjeronden is one of the ten mountain in Rondane in Norway over 2,000 metres.	Vinjeronden	Norway
country	Schwarze Pumpe power station (German: Kraftwerk Schwarze Pumpe translated: Black Pump Power Station) is a modern lignite-fired power station in the ``Schwarze Pumpe'' (Black Pump) district in Spremberg, Germany consisting of 2 × 800 megawatts (MW) units.	Schwarze Pumpe power station	Germany
country	Ain Jemaa is a small town and rural commune in Meknès Prefecture of the Fès-Meknès region of Morocco (formerly in the former Meknès-El Menzeh Prefecture of the former Meknès-Tafilalet region).	Ain Jemaa	Morocco
country	Aghvorik (Armenian: Աղվորիկ; formerly, Yeni-Yël, Yeniyol, and Karanamaz, Azerbaijani: Qaranamaz) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Aghvorik	Armenia
country	Bettel (Luxembourgish: Bëttel) is a village in the commune of Tandel, in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Bettel	Luxembourg
country	The Hugh John Flemming Bridge is part of Route 130 located near the town of Hartland in Carleton County, New Brunswick, Canada.	Hugh John Flemming Bridge	Canada
country	Chekmagushevsky District (Russian: Чекмагу́шевский райо́н; Bashkir: Саҡмағош районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Chekmagushevsky District	Russia
country	Azmeh Miran (Persian: ازمه ميران‎, also Romanized as Azmeh Mīrān; also known as Azmīrān) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Azmeh Miran	Iran
country	Shalom Meir Tower (Hebrew: מגדל שלום מאיר‎, Migdal Shalom Meir; commonly known as Migdal Shalom, Hebrew: מגדל שלום‎) is an office tower in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Shalom Meir Tower	Israel
country	El Uweilia (Arabic: العويلية‎) is a village in Jebel Akhdar mountains foothills region in Libya.	El Uweilia	Libya
country	Los Mochis (Spanish pronunciation: (loz ˈmotʃis)) is a coastal city in northern Sinaloa, Mexico.	Los Mochis	Mexico
country	The Sungun copper mine is located in East Azarbaijan, Iran, in Varzaqan county, 75km north west of the provincial town of Ahar.	Sungun copper mine	Iran
country	The Wilson Chambers Building (French: Immeuble Wilson Chambers) is a heritage building in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Wilson Chambers Building	Canada
country	Al-Bassah (Arabic: البصة‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located south of Latakia.	Al-Bassah	Syria
country	Sajiran (Persian: سجيران‎, also Romanized as Sajīrān; also known as Sī Jeyrān) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sajiran	Iran
country	Sinosol projects have included a 15 MW solar power plant in Spain, a 1 MW thin film solar plant in France and a 7.4 MW plant in Germany.	Sinosol	Germany
country	Prudentópolis (Ukrainian:Прудентополіс) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Paraná, in Southern Brazil.	Prudentópolis	Brazil
country	Opernhaus Düsseldorf (English: Düsseldorf Opera House) is a theatre in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Opernhaus Düsseldorf	Germany
country	The Giza pyramid complex (Arabic: أهرامات الجيزة‎, IPA: (ʔɑhɾɑˈmɑːt elˈɡiːzæ), ``pyramids of Giza'') is an archaeological site on the Giza Plateau, on the outskirts of Cairo, Egypt.	Giza pyramid complex	Egypt
country	The Vercors Massif is a range in France consisting of rugged plateaux and mountains straddling the départements of Isère and Drôme in the French Prealps.	Vercors Massif	France
country	Shalva (Hebrew: שַׁלְוָה, lit. Security) is a moshav shitufi in southern Israel.	Shalva	Israel
country	Mollégès (Molegés in Occitan) is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.	Mollégès	France
country	The building where the Parliament of Cantabria is placed is the old hospital of Saint Rafaael, in the High Street (old district) of Santander, Spain.	Parliament of Cantabria	Spain
country	Diavik Airport (IATA: DVK, TC LID: CDK2), is a private aerodrome in the Northwest Territories, Canada that serves the Diavik Diamond Mine.	Diavik Airport	Canada
country	Valderice (Sicilian: Valdèrici) is a town and comune in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani.	Valderice	Italy
country	The Achievement Improvement Monitor (AIM) program was a testing scheme used to monitor the development of literacy and numeracy skills of school students in Victoria, Australia.	Achievement Improvement Monitor	Australia
country	Sharaf ol Din (Persian: شرف الدين‎, also Romanized as Sharaf ol Dīn; also known as Sharaf od Dīn) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sharaf ol Din	Iran
country	Gerdopineh (Persian: گردپينه‎, also Romanized as Gerdopīneh and Gerdpīneh) is a village in Dinaran Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Gerdopineh	Iran
country	Pech Maho oppidum is located in the town of Sigean, Aude, France.	Pech Maho	France
country	Upper Seletar Reservoir (Chinese: 实里达蓄水池上段 ; Malay: Takungan Air Seletar Atas) is Singapore's third impounding reservoir, after MacRitchie Reservoir and Peirce Reservoir (now the Upper Peirce Reservoir and the Lower Peirce Reservoir).	Upper Seletar Reservoir	Singapore
country	Karkas Ab (Persian: كركس اب‎, also Romanized as Karkas Āb) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karkas Ab	Iran
country	Marzi Darreh (Persian: مرزيدره‎, also Romanized as Marzī Darreh; also known as Mīrzā Darreh) is a village in Lafur Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marzi Darreh	Iran
country	Supply Nation (formerly Australian Indigenous Minority Supplier Council) is a non-profit organisation that attempts to grow the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander business sector through the promotion of supplier diversity in Australia.	Supply Nation	Australia
country	Dujail District is a district in the north-eastern part of Saladin Province, Iraq.	Dujail District	Iraq
country	Kiełczówka (kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kiełczówka	Poland
country	Vukanovići (Cyrillic: Вукановићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vukanovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Illerup Ådal (English: Illerup River-valley) is a river valley and archeological site located near Skanderborg, Denmark.	Illerup Ådal	Denmark
country	Sleeping Buddha Hill is located near Shahapur town Shahapur taluk of Yadgir district in Karnataka state, India.	Sleeping Buddha Hill	India
country	Buôn Trấp is a town and capital of Krông Ana District, Đắk Lắk Province, Vietnam.	Buôn Trấp	Vietnam
country	Norak District or Nohiya-i Norak (Tajik: Ноҳияи Норак, Persian: ناحیۀ نارک‎) is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan.	Norak District	Tajikistan
country	The Lukasrand Tower is located on Muckleneuk Hill in the Lukasrand suburb of Pretoria, Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality, Gauteng, South Africa.	Lukasrand Tower	South Africa
country	Kensington is also very densely populated; it forms part of the most densely populated local government district (the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea) in the United Kingdom.	Kensington	United Kingdom
country	Menderjan (Persian: مندرجان‎, also Romanized as Menderjān) is a village in Kaveh Ahangar Rural District, in the Central District of Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Menderjan	Iran
country	Kahel-e Sofla (Persian: كهل سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kahel-e Soflá; also known as Kahūl-e Pā'īn) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kahel-e Sofla	Iran
country	Taastrup Teater is a theatre in Taastrup in the western suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Taastrup Teater	Denmark
country	The Black Drin, or Black Drim (Albanian: Drini i Zi: meaning ``the black deer''; Macedonian: Црн Дрим: Transliterated: Crn Drim) is a river in Republic of Macedonia and Albania.	Black Drin	Albania
country	Valderrobres (Spanish: (baldeˈroβɾes)) or Vall-de-roures (Catalan: (ˈbaʎ də ˈrowɾəs), locally: (ˈbaɫ de ˈrɔwɾes)) is a municipality and the major town of the comarca of Matarranya (Spanish: Matarraña) in the province of Teruel, Aragon (Spain).	Valderrobres	Spain
country	Bravo Airlines was an airline based in Madrid, Spain operating long-haul passenger and cargo services between Europe and Africa.	Bravo Airlines	Spain
country	St Blazey (Cornish: Lanndreth) is a small town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Blazey	United Kingdom
country	The NANTEN2 Observatory is a southern sky observatory in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile.	NANTEN2 Observatory	Chile
country	Falakata is a census town and police station of Alipurduar subdivision in Alipurduar district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Falakata	India
country	Athis-Mons (French pronunciation: ​(atisˈmɔ̃s)) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Athis-Mons	France
country	Muğla Province (Turkish: Muğla ili) is a province of Turkey, at the country's south-western corner, on the Aegean Sea.	Muğla Province	Turkey
country	Casa Central del Banco República is a building, seat of the administration of the Banco de la República Oriental del Uruguay.	Casa Central del Banco República	Uruguay
country	Copán is an archaeological site of the Maya civilization located in the Copán Department of western Honduras, not far from the border with Guatemala.	Copán	Honduras
country	Mala Strmica (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈstəɾmitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Mala Strmica	Slovenia
country	The Grand and General Council (Italian: Consiglio Grande e Generale) is the parliament of San Marino.	Grand and General Council	San Marino
country	Nea Palatia (Greek: Νέα Παλάτια) is a community in East Attica, Greece.	Nea Palatia	Greece
country	Buderim is an urban centre on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Buderim	Australia
country	Bullas (Spanish: (ˈbuʎas), locally: (ˈbuʎæʰ, -ʝæʰ)) is a municipality and town in the Region of Murcia, southeast Spain, located 53 km from the provincial capital, Murcia.	Bullas	Spain
country	Gonje Station (Hangul: 곤제역; hanja: 昆弟驛) is a station of the U Line in Geumo-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Gonje Station	South Korea
country	Karkhaneh-ye Derin (Persian: كارخانه درين‎, also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Derīn) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karkhaneh-ye Derin	Iran
country	Brzegi Małe (ˈbʐɛɡimawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland	Brzegi Małe	Poland
country	Dubréka is a town in Guinea, lying immediately north of Conakry.	Dubréka	Guinea
country	Sheffield City Trust is a registered charity in the United Kingdom that owns and/or manages twelve entertainment and sports venues in Sheffield, England.	Sheffield City Trust	United Kingdom
country	Einsteinfjellet is a mountain in Ny-Friesland at Spitsbergen, Svalbard, Norway.	Einsteinfjellet	Norway
country	The Compañía General de Tabacos de Filipinas was founded by Antonio López y López in Barcelona, Spain in 1881 with the main objective of cultivating, trading, manufacturing, and taking advantage of tobacco from the Philippines.	Compañía General de Tabacos de Filipinas	Spain
country	Békés Airport is a civilian airport located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the centre of Békéscsaba in Hungary and is named after the Békés County.	Békés Airport	Hungary
country	HMV Retail Ltd, formerly HMV Group plc, is a British entertainment retailing company operating in the United Kingdom and Ireland.	HMV	United Kingdom
country	The Nelson Provincial Museum, Pupuri Taonga O Te Tai Ao is a regional museum in the city of Nelson, New Zealand.	Nelson Provincial Museum	New Zealand
country	The Windsor Star is the regional daily newspaper of Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Windsor Star	Canada
country	Mount Banks, a mountain within the Explorers Range of the Blue Mountains Range that is a spur off the Great Dividing Range, is located within the Blue Mountains National Park, approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Sydney in New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Banks	Australia
country	H & A Oval (formerly known as Merrimac Oval) is a multi-sports venue in Mermaid Waters, a suburb in the Gold Coast, Australia.	H & A Oval	Australia
country	Deh Gorji (Persian: ده گرجي‎, also Romanized as Deh Gorjī) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Deh Gorji	Iran
country	Spoorijzer N.V., or shortened SIJ for NV Spoorwegmaterieel en IJzerconstructie, was a narrow gauge railway manufacturer in Delft, Netherlands.	Spoorijzer	Netherlands
country	Uru Harbour Airport, or Atoifi Airport, is a private airport located in Atoifi, Malaita, Solomon Islands.	Uru Harbour Airport	Solomon Islands
country	Lake Vozhe, also known as Lake Charondskoye (Russian: Воже, Чарондское), is a lake in the northern part of Vologda Oblast in Russia.	Lake Vozhe	Russia
country	Polmorla is a hamlet just southwest of Wadebridge, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, map reference SW983715.	Polmorla	United Kingdom
country	Gwangju Health University (GHU) is a bachelor's degree-granting community college located in Gwangju Metropolitan City, South Korea.	Gwangju Health University	South Korea
country	Guaraqueçaba Ecological Station is an ecological station in Brazil.	Guaraqueçaba Ecological Station	Brazil
country	Aracena (Spanish pronunciation: (aɾaˈθena)) is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, south-western Spain.	Aracena	Spain
country	Park im Grüene is a public park and a small amusement park in the municipality of Rüschlikon in Switzerland.	Park im Grüene	Switzerland
country	The Global Public Health Intelligence Network (GPHIN) is an electronic public health early warning system developed by Canada's Public Health Agency, and is part of the World Health Organization's (WHO) Global Outbreak and Alert Response Network (GOARN).	Global Public Health Intelligence Network	Canada
country	Homa Hotel Group is a subsidiary of Social Security Organization, which owns a chain of five-star hotels in major cities of Iran.	Homa Hotel Group	Iran
country	The Colosseum Kino in Oslo, Norway is the largest cinema in Northern Europe and the largest THX cinema in the world.	Colosseum Kino	Norway
country	Nerići (Cyrillic: Нерићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nerići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Norwegian Police University College (Norwegian: Politihøgskolen; PHS) is a public university college located in Oslo, Kongsvinger, Stavern and Bodø, Norway.	Norwegian Police University College	Norway
country	Tøyen Park (Norwegian: Tøyenparken) is a park in Oslo, Norway.	Tøyen Park	Norway
country	Kharpahlu (Persian: خارپهلو‎, also Romanized as Khārpahlū) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kharpahlu	Iran
country	French Bar Canyon is a canyon on the Fraser River in British Columbia, Canada, near Big Bar and Jesmond, about 60 km upstream from Lillooet.	French Bar Canyon	Canada
country	Princess Bay is one of the southern beaches of Wellington, New Zealand.	Princess Bay	New Zealand
country	The geothermal area Krýsuvík is situated on the Reykjanes peninsula in Iceland.	Krýsuvík	Iceland
country	Grantley Adams International Airport (GAIA) (IATA: BGI, ICAO: TBPB) is the international airport of Barbados, located in Seawell, Christ Church.	Grantley Adams International Airport	Barbados
country	Lake Asveja or Dubingiai Lake (Lithuanian: Asveja or Dubingių ežeras) is the longest lake in Lithuania (length: 21.9 km or 29.7 km counting the Žalktynė, Vyriogala and Dubingiai bights).	Lake Asveja	Lithuania
country	The Sankenbach Waterfalls (German: Sankenbach-Wasserfälle) are a cascade southwest of the village of Baiersbronn in the Black Forest in Germany.	Sankenbach Waterfalls	Germany
country	Šķēde parish (Latvian: Šķēdes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality, Latvia.	Šķēde parish	Latvia
country	Monjas River (``Rio Monjas''; translation: Nun River) is located in Pichincha Province, Ecuador.	Monjas River	Ecuador
country	Mount Geraneia (Greek: Γεράνεια) is a mountain range in Corinthia and West Attica, Greece.	Geraneia	Greece
country	Zarzysko (zaˈʐɨskɔ) (German: Grüttenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zarzysko	Poland
country	The Credit Valley Hospital Bus Terminal is located in western Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Credit Valley Hospital	Canada
country	Koitaki is a village along the Kokoda Track in Papua New Guinea to the east of Port Moresby.	Koitaki	Papua New Guinea
country	Pożdżenice (pɔʐd͡ʐɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pożdżenice	Poland
country	Hsinchu CKS Baseball Stadium (Hsinchu Chiang Kai-shek Baseball Stadium) (Chinese: 新竹市立中正棒球場; pinyin: Xīnzhú Shìlì Zhōngzhèng Bàngqiú Chǎng) is a baseball stadium in Hsinchu City, Taiwan.	Hsinchu CKS Baseball Stadium	Taiwan
country	Lake Rerewhakaaitu is a small, shallow lake in northern New Zealand, located 30 kilometres to the east of Rotorua.	Lake Rerewhakaaitu	New Zealand
country	Al-Qamsiyah (Arabic: القمصية‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located north of Tartus.	Al-Qamsiyah	Syria
country	Erkna Lighthouse (Norwegian: Erkna fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Giske, Møre og Romsdal, Norway.	Erkna Lighthouse	Norway
country	Polynesian Spa is a developed geothermal spa facility in Rotorua, North Island, New Zealand.	Polynesian Spa	New Zealand
country	Taguig National High School (Filipino: Mataas na Paaralang Pambansa ng Taguig) commonly abbreviated as T.N.H.S. is a state-owned secondary high school institution in the Philippines.	Taguig National High School	Philippines
country	El Carmel (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫ kərˈmɛɫ)), or simply Carmel, is a neighbourhood in the district of Horta-Guinardó, in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	El Carmel	Spain
country	Kholodets (Ukrainian: Холодець; Polish: Chołodec, Chołodziec, Hołodki) is a very small village located 2--3 km from the town of Kupel, in the Volochysky Raion in Khmelnytskyi Oblast of Ukraine.	Kholodets	Ukraine
country	Namhkam Township (also known as Nanhkan Township) is a township of Mu Se District in the Shan State of eastern Myanmar.	Namhkam Township	Myanmar
country	The Liverpool Art Prize is contemporary art competition open to professional artists based in the Liverpool City Region area of the United Kingdom.	Liverpool Art Prize	United Kingdom
country	Dibina is a town in north-eastern Ethiopia, located in Administrative Zone 4 of the Afar Region.	Dibina	Ethiopia
country	Powerscourt Waterfall (Irish: Eas Chúirt an Phaoraigh) is a waterfall on the river Dargle near Enniskerry, County Wicklow, in Ireland, located in a valley surrounded by Djouce Mountain and the Great Sugar Loaf.	Powerscourt Waterfall	Ireland
country	Presanella is a mountain in the Adamello-Presanella range of the Italian Alps of northern Italy.	Presanella	Italy
country	The Gruenspan is a music club in Hamburg, Germany.	Gruenspan	Germany
country	Kozienice Landscape Park (Polish: Kozienicki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in east-central Poland, established in 1983, covering an area of 262.33 square kilometres (101.29 sq mi).	Kozienice Landscape Park	Poland
country	Radiovce (Macedonian: Радиовце, Macedonian pronunciation: (raˈdiɔftsɛ); Albanian: Radovec) is a village in Brvenica Municipality near the town of Tetovo in the Republic of Macedonia.	Radiovce	Macedonia
country	Baguida is a canton and city of the suburbs of Lomé, the capital of Togo, and was once itself the capital.	Baguida	Togo
country	Klintsy (Russian: Клинцы́) is a town in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Turosna River, 164 kilometers (102 mi) southwest of Bryansk.	Klintsy	Russia
country	Itapevi is located in Southeastern Brazil, in southeastern São Paulo State, approximately halfway between São Paulo city and Sorocaba.	Itapevi	Brazil
country	Bodilly is a hamlet in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, that lends its name to neighbouring farms and settlements.	Bodilly	United Kingdom
country	The Workers' Party of Korea (WPK) is the founding and ruling political party of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea).	Workers' Party of Korea	North Korea
country	Abudwak Airport (Somali: Caabudwaaq), is an airport serving Abudwak, a town in the central Galguduud region of Somalia.	Abudwak Airport	Somalia
country	Münster-Handorf Airfield is a former military airfield located in Germany about 5 miles east-northeast of Münster (Nordrhein-Westfalen); approximately 250 miles west of Berlin.	Münster-Handorf Airfield	Germany
country	The State Office for the Protection of the Constitution (German: Landesbehörde für Verfassungsschutz; LfV) is a state-level security agency in Germany.	State Office for the Protection of the Constitution	Germany
country	Hlyboka (Ukrainian: Глибока; German and Polish: Hliboka; Romanian: Adâncata) is an urban-type settlement in the Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine.	Hlyboka	Ukraine
country	Locmariaquer (Breton: Lokmaria-Kaer) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Locmariaquer	France
country	The HH Tunnel is a proposed tunnel, actually several tunnels, under Øresund between Helsingborg, Sweden and Helsingør, Denmark.	HH Tunnel	Denmark
country	Nuestra Señora de la Porteria Parish Church (also Our Lady of the Gate Parish Church), commonly known as Daraga Church, is a Roman Catholic Church in the municipality of Daraga, Albay, Philippines under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Legazpi.	Daraga Church	Philippines
country	Würzburg Hauptbahnhof has a central location in Germany and was always a major hub for rail transport, but after the division of Germany its importance increased again.	Würzburg Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Gowhar Kuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان گوهركوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gowhar Kuh Rural District	Iran
country	Robinson Crusoe Airfield (Spanish: Aeródromo Robinson Crusoe, ICAO: SCIR) is a public use airport located near Isla Robinson Crusoe, Valparaíso, Chile.	Robinson Crusoe Airfield	Chile
country	Port Grosvenor was a harbour on the Wild Coast in South Africa, near the spot where the Indiaman Grosvenor was wrecked in 1782.	Port Grosvenor	South Africa
country	Palgongsan, also Palgong Mountain, is a mountain in southeastern South Korea, lying on an outlier of the Taebaek range.	Palgongsan	South Korea
country	Cléry-Saint-André is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France, near Orleans.	Cléry-Saint-André	France
country	Planet Internet is a defunct Internet service provider (ISP) in the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium.	Planet Internet	Netherlands
country	Konnur is a panchayat town in the Belgaum District of Karnataka, India.	Konnur	India
country	Mansonville Airport, (TC LID: CSK4), is located at Mansonville, Quebec, Canada.	Mansonville Airport	Canada
country	The Andia Range (Andiako mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Andía in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre, Spain, part of the Basque Mountains.	Andia	Spain
country	Palazzo Molin del Cuoridoro is a 15th-century listed building in the San Marco district of Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Molin del Cuoridoro	Italy
country	Whiteley Bank, also spelled ``Whitely Bank'', is a small village or hamlet on the Isle of Wight, United Kingdom.	Whiteley Bank	United Kingdom
country	Skeiðin is a mountain above the village of Sørvágur in the Faroe Islands.	Skeiðin	Faroe Islands
country	The National Movement for Democracy and Development (French: Mouvement Nationale pour la Démocratie et le Développement, MNDD) was a left-wing political party in Benin.	National Movement for Democracy and Development	Benin
country	Narrow Gauge Railway Museum in Sochaczew (Polish: Muzeum Kolei Wąskotorowej w Sochaczewie) is a 750 mm (2 ft 5 1⁄2 in)-gauge heritage railway based at Sochaczew in Poland, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Warsaw.	Narrow Gauge Railway Museum in Sochaczew	Poland
country	Moreover, Swissmedic must be notified of all clinical studies conducted in Switzerland.	Swissmedic	Switzerland
country	Cytherean is an adjective meaning pertaining to Cythera (Greek Κύθηρα, also transliterated Kythera or Kithira), a small island now part of Greece, southeast of the Peloponnesus.	Cytherean	Greece
country	Al Kifl (Arabic: الكفل‎; also known as Kifl) is a town in southeastern Iraq on the Euphrates River, between Najaf and Al Hillah.	Al Kifl	Iraq
country	Chil Dahanu (Persian: چيل دهنو‎, also Romanized as Chīl Dahanū; also known as Chīlābād) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chil Dahanu	Iran
country	Zalina (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Залина) is a mountain peak located along the border of Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia.	Zalina	Kosovo
country	Serpelice (sɛrpɛˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Serpelice	Poland
country	San Rufo is a village and comune in the province of Salerno, in the Campania region of southern Italy.	San Rufo	Italy
country	Collège Shawinigan is a public Community College located in Shawinigan, Quebec, Canada.	Collège Shawinigan	Canada
country	SIF Stadion is a sports venue located in Stavanger, Norway.	SIF Stadion	Norway
country	The Villa del Trebbio is a Medici villa in Tuscany, Italy.	Villa del Trebbio	Italy
country	Fenouillèdes has been part of France since the Treaty of Corbeil of 1258.	Fenouillèdes	France
country	Logbonou (also spelled Lougbonou) is a village in central Ivory Coast.	Logbonou	Ivory Coast
country	Manas University was founded according to the agreement between governments of Republic of Turkey and Kyrgyz Republic about establishment of Kyrgyz Turkish Manas University in the Kyrgyzstan's capital city Bishkek, which was signed in Izmir on 30/09/1995, which was afterward approved by the competent authorities of both countries.	Manas University	Kyrgyzstan
country	Seoul City Hall is a governmental building for the Seoul Metropolitan Government in South Korea, in charge of the administrative affairs of Seoul.	Seoul City Hall	South Korea
country	The Carmelit (Hebrew: כַּרְמְלִית) is an underground funicular railway and Subway unit in Haifa, Israel.	Carmelit	Israel
country	Migori is a town and the capital of Migori County, Kenya.	Migori	Kenya
country	Italyabroad.com is a company founded by Andrea D’Ercole that sells regional foods, wines, beers and spirits from small Italian producers in the United Kingdom.	Italyabroad.com	United Kingdom
country	Veľké Trakany (Hungarian: Nagytárkány) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Veľké Trakany	Slovakia
country	The Jackson Head to Stafford River Important Bird Area is a stretch of coastline on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Jackson Head to Stafford River Important Bird Area	New Zealand
country	Olympic Gymnastics Arena (Hangul: 올림픽체조경기장; hanja: 奧林匹克體操競技場, also known as Olympic Gymnastics Hall) is an indoor sports arena, located within the Olympic Park, in Bangi-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Olympic Gymnastics Arena	South Korea
country	The Jesuit Missions of Chiquitos are located in Santa Cruz department in eastern Bolivia.	Jesuit Missions of Chiquitos	Bolivia
country	Chaplynka (Ukrainian: Чаплинка) is a town in Kherson Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Chaplynka	Ukraine
country	The 1980 Dutch Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on August 31, 1980 at the Circuit Zandvoort in the Netherlands.	1980 Dutch Grand Prix	Netherlands
country	Qocalı (also, Godzhaly and Kodzhahi) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qocalı	Azerbaijan
country	The Mehedinți Plateau Geopark (Romanian: Geoparcul Platoul Mehedinți) is a protected area (natural park category V IUCN) situated in Romania, on the administrative territory of counties Gorj (5%) and Mehedinți (95%).	Mehedinți Plateau Geopark	Romania
country	Sipyəreğon (also, Sipyərəğon, Spyereqon, Sipyəregon, Spiragun, and Syl’yaregon) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sipyəreğon	Azerbaijan
country	Rennsteig Tunnel (German: Rennsteigtunnel) is the longest road tunnel in Germany with a length of 7,916 meters (4.919 mi).	Rennsteig Tunnel	Germany
country	Ziguinchor Airport (French: Aéroport de Ziguinchor) (IATA: ZIG, ICAO: GOGG) is an airport serving Ziguinchor, the capital of the Ziguinchor Region (also known as Basse Casamance) in Senegal.	Ziguinchor Airport	Senegal
country	Mga (Russian: Мга) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kirovsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Mga	Russia
country	Sagara Subdivision is a Subdivision in the Karnataka state of India.	Sagara Subdivision	India
country	Nanook Dome is a lava dome in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located just northeast of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.	Nanook Dome	Canada
country	Chachani is the highest of the mountains near the city of Arequipa in southern Peru.	Chachani	Peru
country	Gol Ali (Persian: گل عالي‎, also Romanized as Gol ``Ālī; also known as Gol``āleh) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 186, in 38 families.	Gol Ali	Iran
country	Šafarsko (pronounced (ˈʃaːfaɾskɔ); Hungarian: Ligetfalva) is a village on the right bank of the Ščavnica River in the Municipality of Razkrižje in eastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Šafarsko	Slovenia
country	Whitelee Wind Farm is the largest on-shore wind farm in the United Kingdom (second in Europe to Fântânele-Cogealac, in Romania) with 215 Siemens and Alstom wind turbines and a total capacity of 539 megawatts (MW).	Whitelee Wind Farm	United Kingdom
country	Amherstburg Freedom Museum, previously known as 'the Black Museum' is located in Amherstburg, Ontario, Canada.	Amherstburg Freedom Museum	Canada
country	The Kakanui Range is a range of high hills located inland from Oamaru in the South Island of New Zealand.	Kakanui Range	New Zealand
country	Fredelsloh Abbey is a former monastery in Fredelsloh, district Northeim, Germany.	Fredelsloh Abbey	Germany
country	Aspire Academy (Arabic: أكاديمية أسباير; transliterated: Akademeyat Aspayar) is a sports academy based in Qatar, founded in 2004 with the goal to scout and help develop the young male Qatari athletes, whilst also providing them with secondary school education.	Aspire Academy	Qatar
country	Sukhvor-e Namdar-e Mirzapur (Persian: سوخورنامدارميرزاپور‎, also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Nāmdār-e Mīrzāpūr, Sūkhūr-e Nāmdār-e Mīrzāpūr, and Sūkhvor Nāmdār Mīrzāpūr) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sukhvor-e Namdar-e Mirzapur	Iran
country	Lech dl Dragon (Drachensee in German) is a proglacial lake in the Dolomites of South Tyrol, Italy.	Lech dl Dragon	Italy
country	Le Parc Tower is a high-rise building located at the intersection of Avenida Cerviño and Fray Justo Santamaria de Oro in the neighborhood of Palermo in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Le Parc Tower	Argentina
country	Tokangawhā / Split Apple Rock is a geological rock formation in The Tasman Bay off the northern coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Split Apple Rock	New Zealand
country	Pijanowskie Huby (pijaˈnɔfskʲɛ ˈxubɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pijanowskie Huby	Poland
country	Yowla Galdi Rural District (Persian: دهستان يولاگلدئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yowla Galdi Rural District	Iran
country	Vilamoura Old Course is a golf course in Vilamoura, on the Algarve in Southern Portugal.	Vilamoura Old Course	Portugal
country	The Italian Royal Air Force (Regia Aeronautica Italiana) was the name of the air force of the Kingdom of Italy.	Regia Aeronautica	Kingdom of Italy
country	Mong Pan Township (Möng Pawn) is a township of Loilen District in the Shan State of Myanmar.	Mong Pan Township	Myanmar
country	Gonbar (Persian: گنبر‎; also known as Gonbarf and Gonbarof) is a village in Gonbar Rural District, in the Central District of Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gonbar	Iran
country	Behdasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان بهدشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Kushk-e Nar District of Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Behdasht Rural District	Iran
country	The Château de Langeais is a medieval castle, rebuilt as a château, in Indre-et-Loire, France, built on a promontory created by the small valley of the Roumer River at the opening to the Loire Valley.	Château de Langeais	France
country	Archbishop's School is a mixed-ability Church of England secondary school on a parkland site on the outskirts of Canterbury, Kent in the United Kingdom.	Archbishop's School	United Kingdom
country	Colt Island (Irish: Inis Coilt, meaning ``Colt Island'') is the closest and smallest of three low-lying, uninhabited islands off the headland of Skerries, County Dublin in Ireland.	Colt Island	Ireland
country	Betnava Mansion (Slovene: Dvorec Betnava, German: Schloss Windenau) is a manorhouse located near the city of Maribor in northern Slovenia.	Betnava Mansion	Slovenia
country	Roncq commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Roncq	France
country	Nordstad is a development area in north-central Luxembourg, and a colloquial term to refer to the combined urban areas in the region.	Nordstad	Luxembourg
country	CKXT-DT was a broadcast television station based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that broadcast to much of southern and eastern Ontario.	CKXT-DT	Canada
country	Raciechowice (rat͡ɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Raciechowice	Poland
country	Plougrescant (Breton: Plougouskant) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plougrescant	France
country	Khurram Colony is a neighborhood of Rawalpindi in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Khurram Colony	Pakistan
country	Darreh Darreh Rezaabad (Persian: دره دره رضااباد‎, also Romanized as Darreh Darreh Rez̤āābād; also known as Darreh Darreh) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Darreh Rezaabad	Iran
country	The Statue of Father Cícero on the Garden's hill is a monument built in homage to Father Cícero, located in Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil.	Statue of Father Cícero	Brazil
country	Madurai Medical College is a medical school attached to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Madurai Medical College	India
country	Mehrabpur (Urdu: محرابپُور‎), (Sindhi:محرابپور), is a city in the Naushahro Firoz District in Sindh province of Pakistan.	Mehrabpur	Pakistan
country	The Disability Foundation (TDF) is a United Kingdom based non-profit organization.	The Disability Foundation	United Kingdom
country	Rammetshofen is a village located 1 mile south of Oberteuringen in the Bodenseekreis of the federal state of Baden Wuerttemberg in Germany.	Rammetshofen	Germany
country	Scigliano is a small town and comune located in the hills in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Scigliano	Italy
country	The Athinais Cultural Center (Greek: Αθηναΐς Πολυχώρος Πολιτισμού) is a ``multi-purpose'' conference complex in Athens, Greece.	Athinais Cultural Center	Greece
country	Bytomsko (bɨˈtɔmskɔ) is a village and sołectwo in the administrative district of Gmina Żegocina, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bytomsko	Poland
country	Caracol Falls, or Cascata do Caracol, is a 426-foot (130 meter) waterfall about 4.35 miles (7.00 km) from Canela, Brazil in Caracol State Park (Parque do Caracol).	Caracol Falls	Brazil
country	Curi Cancha Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in the central part of Costa Rica, which forms part of the Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area and protects cloud forest in the Cordillera de Tilarán near Juntas.	Curi Cancha Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Perevolochna (Ukrainian: Переволочна) was a settlement in Kobeljaky Raion (district) of Poltava Oblast (province) of Ukraine close to Svitlohirske.	Perevolochna	Ukraine
country	Konglungen is a village in Asker municipality, Norway.	Konglungen	Norway
country	Fakovići (Cyrillic: Факовићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fakovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Aryana Institute for Regional Research and Advocacy is a think tank of researchers and activists from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Aryana Institute for Regional Research and Advocacy	Pakistan
country	Ashbury College is an independent day and boarding school located in Rockcliffe Park, Ottawa, Canada.	Ashbury College	Canada
country	Stade Rue de Lenningen is a football stadium in Canach, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Stade Rue de Lenningen	Luxembourg
country	Avramiou is a village in Messenia, southern Greece.	Avramiou	Greece
country	Waggonfabrik Rastatt ('Rastatt Coach Factory') was a public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft or AG) based in Rastatt in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.	Waggonfabrik Rastatt	Germany
country	Menlough (Irish: Mionlach) is a village in northeast County Galway in Ireland.	Menlough	Ireland
country	The Monte Moro Pass (German: Monte Moropass, Italian: Passo del Monte Moro) is an Alpine pass located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Monte Moro Pass	Switzerland
country	Kajut (Persian: كجوت‎, also Romanized as Kajūt; also known as Gachūt and Gajūt) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kajut	Iran
country	Pigüé (Spanish pronunciation: (piˈɣwe)) is a town in Argentina located in the Pampas, 584 km (363 mi) south-west of Buenos Aires.	Pigüé	Argentina
country	Iđoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Иђош) is a village in Serbia.	Iđoš	Serbia
country	The Letsatsi Solar Park is a 75-megawatt (MW) solar photovoltaic power station in Bloemfontein, Free State, South Africa.	Letsatsi Solar Park	South Africa
country	Todi Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Todi; Concattedrale della Santissima Annunziata) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Todi, Umbria, Italy, dedicated to the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary.	Todi Cathedral	Italy
country	Skafidia (Greek: Σκαφιδιά) is a village and a community in the municipality of Pyrgos, Elis, Greece.	Skafidia	Greece
country	Hasselhøj is a residential area built in 1984, located in peaceful surroundings in Hasselager south of Aarhus, Denmark.	Hasselhøj	Denmark
country	Blankenburg (Harz) is a town and health resort in the district of Harz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, at the north foot of the Harz Mountains, 12 miles (19 km) southwest of Halberstadt.	Blankenburg (Harz)	Germany
country	Hikuai is a small community on the Tairua River towards the base of the Coromandel Peninsula in the North Island of New Zealand.	Hikuai	New Zealand
country	Salon-de-Provence Air Base (French: Base aérienne 701 Salon-de-Provence or BA 701) (ICAO: LFMY) is a base of the French Air Force located 4 km (2.5 mi) south Salon-de-Provence in southern France.	Salon-de-Provence Air Base	France
country	Königsberg (until 1946 officially: Königsberg in Preußen) was a city in the monastic state of the Teutonic Knights, the Duchy of Prussia, the Kingdom of Prussia and Germany until 1946.	Königsberg	Prussia
country	Diveyevo (Russian: Дивеево) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Diveyevsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia.	Diveyevo	Russia
country	The Allen Formation is a geological formation in Argentina whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous (middle Campanian to early Maastrichtian. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.	Allen Formation	Argentina
country	Swedish county road 229 (Länsväg 229) is a primary county road in Sweden from the Örbyleden/Huddingevägen intersection in Stockholm to the Tyresövägen/Bollmoravägen intersection in Tyresö.	Swedish county road 229	Sweden
country	Daraganj is a prominent suburb and a landmark in the city of Allahabad, India.	Daraganj	India
country	Wondo Genet (also transliterated Wendo Genet) is a resort town in Ethiopia.	Wondo Genet	Ethiopia
country	Lexeiba or Lexelba is a town and urban commune in the Gorgol valley Region of southern Mauritania.	Lexelba	Mauritania
country	Stade Jos Haupert is a football stadium in Niederkorn, in southwestern Luxembourg.	Stade Jos Haupert	Luxembourg
country	Qelich Tappeh (Persian: قليچ تپه‎, also Romanized as Qelīch Tappeh) is a village in Khondab Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qelich Tappeh	Iran
country	Bhangtar is a settlement in the southeast of Bhutan.	Bhangtar	Bhutan
country	Singing Fools was a short-lived non-performing music group established in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, in November 1982 by musicians Tim Dunlop and Kevin Murphy.	Singing Fools	Canada
country	Austin Stack Park is a GAA stadium in Tralee, County Kerry, Ireland.	Austin Stack Park	Ireland
country	Atatürk University (Turkish: Atatürk Üniversitesi) is a land-grant university established in 1957 in Erzurum, Turkey.	Atatürk University	Turkey
country	Elibalta (Persian: الي بالتا‎, also Romanized as Elībāltā; also known as ``Alībāltā and Ālībāltā) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 48 families.	Elibalta	Iran
country	Sar Nesa (Persian: سرنسا‎, also Romanized as Sar Nesā'' and Sar Nasā'') is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Nesa	Iran
country	Maly Krasnokholmsky Bridge (Russian: Малый Краснохолмский мост) is a bridge over the Vodootvodny Canal in Zamoskvorechye District in Moscow, Russia.	Maly Krasnokholmsky Bridge	Russia
country	Teepee Airport, (TC LID: CFM6), is in Teepee, Alberta, Canada.	Teepee Airport	Canada
country	The Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi (pronounced (zaˈɡoːɾjɛ ɔp ˈsaːʋi); Slovene: Občina Zagorje ob Savi) is a municipality in central Slovenia.	Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi	Slovenia
country	Boża Pomoc (ˈbɔʐa ˈpɔmɔt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Boża Pomoc	Poland
country	The Cetinje District (Montenegrin: Cetinjski srez / Цетињски срез) was a former district within Montenegro.	Cetinje District	Montenegro
country	Ghatampur (Gautampur) is a city and a municipal board in Kanpur Nagar district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ghatampur	India
country	Akhurian Reservoir (Armenian: Ախուրյանի ջրամբար; Turkish: Arpaçay Barajı) is a reservoir on Akhurian River between Armenia and Turkey.	Akhurian Reservoir	Armenia
country	Muszaki (muˈʂaki) (German: Muschaken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Muszaki	Poland
country	Farafangana is a city (commune urbaine) on the south-east coast of Madagascar and capital of the Atsimo-Atsinanana region.	Farafangana	Madagascar
country	Wisła (ˈviswa) (German: Weichsel) is a town in Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, with a population of about 11,810 (2006), near the border with Czech Republic.	Wisła	Poland
country	Vermo is the main harness racing track of Finland, opened in 1977.	Vermo	Finland
country	Šmarjeta (pronounced (ʃmaˈɾjeːta); German: Sankt Margarethen) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Šmarjeta	Slovenia
country	Vənənd (Armenian: Թրունյանց Ձոր T'runyants Dzor or Վանանդ Ձոր Vanand Dzor; also, Venend) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Vənənd	Azerbaijan
country	Fort McMurray International Airport (IATA: YMM, ICAO: CYMM) is located 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8.1 mi) southeast of Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada.	Fort McMurray International Airport	Canada
country	Kirchstetten is a town in district of Sankt Pölten-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Kirchstetten	Austria
country	Karanodai is a northern suburb of Chennai, India located 7 km north of Redhills on GNT Road connecting Chennai with Andhra Pradesh.The village is bounded on north side by Kosasthalaiyar River, also known as Kortalaiyar, which is one of the three rivers that flow in the Chennai metropolitan area.	Karanodai	India
country	The Kiel Week (German: Kieler Woche) or Kiel Regatta is an annual sailing event in Kiel, Germany.	Kiel Week	Germany
country	Gisselfeld, a former monastery, is Denmark's fifth-largest estate.	Gisselfeld	Denmark
country	The Shire of East Gippsland is a local government area in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, located in the eastern part of the state.	Shire of East Gippsland	Australia
country	Kamaris (Armenian: Կամարիս; until 1978, Gyamrez) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Kamaris	Armenia
country	Arzamas (Russian: Арзама́с) is a city in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Tyosha River (a tributary of the Oka), 410 kilometers (250 mi) east of Moscow.	Arzamas	Russia
country	Bucas Grande is an island in the Mindanao region, Philippines.	Bucas Grande	Philippines
country	Nersu (Persian: نرسو‎, also Romanized as Nersū) is a village in Estarabad Rural District, Kamalan District, Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Nersu	Iran
country	El Chiflón del Diablo or The Devil's Blast (in reference to the natural draft that flows through the mine) is a mine located in Lota, Chile.	El Chiflón del Diablo	Chile
country	In Austria, Volksschule solely is used for primary school from Year One to Year Four.	Volksschule	Austria
country	K'anamarka (Quechua k'ana glowing, K'ana a Peruvian people, marka village, hispanicized spelling Canamarca, also spelled Kanamarca, K'anamarca) is an archaeological site in Peru.	K'anamarka	Peru
country	Bidania-Goiatz (Spanish: Bidegoyan) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.	Bidania-Goiatz	Spain
country	Ikom is a Local Government Area of Cross River State, Nigeria.	Ikom	Nigeria
country	Ralphs Bay is a body of water in south-east Tasmania, Australia.	Ralphs Bay	Australia
country	Teafuaono or Entrance Island is an islet of Nukufetau, Tuvalu.	Teafuaono	Tuvalu
country	Moorooduc railway station is located on Two Bays Road, Mount Eliza, Victoria, Australia.	Moorooduc railway station	Australia
country	Vardon (Hebrew: ורדון‎) is a communal village in south-central Israel north of Kiryat Gat and south of Kiryat Malakhi.	Vardon	Israel
country	Mutoshi Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mutoshi Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Sucha Kamienica (ˈsuxa kamjɛˈnit͡sa) (German Dürr-Kamitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Sucha Kamienica	Poland
country	Outapi, also known as Uutapi and Ombalantu, is a town in northern Namibia near the border with Angola situated 90 km (56 mi) northwest of Oshakati.	Outapi	Namibia
country	Vredefort is a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa with cattle, peanuts, sorghum, sunflowers and maize being farmed.	Vredefort	South Africa
country	The John Felice Rome Center is a campus of Loyola University Chicago in Rome, Italy.	John Felice Rome Center	Italy
country	Okemesi-Ekiti is a major town in Ekiti West LGA of Ekiti State, Nigeria.	Okemesi	Nigeria
country	Ujsoły (ui̯ˈsɔwɨ) is a village in Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Ujsoły	Poland
country	Bergen Technical Museum (Norwegian: Bergens Tekniske Museum) is a technical museum located at Møhlenpris in Bergen, Norway.	Bergen Technical Museum	Norway
country	Bagh-e Nil (Persian: باغ نيل‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Nīl; also known as Baganīl) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Nil	Iran
country	Holmebåen is a point on the tiny island of Steinsøy in an archipelago of small islands northwest of the Utvær islands in the municipality of Solund in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Holmebåen	Norway
country	Punta Penna Lighthouse (Italian: Faro di Punta Penna) is an active lighthouse in Vasto, Italy.	Punta Penna Lighthouse	Italy
country	Chembuthara is a small picturesque village in Kerala, India, known for its Makarachowa festival.	Chembuthara	India
country	The Ngim River (Thai: น้ำงิม) is a river in Thailand.	Ngim River	Thailand
country	Makry Gialos (Greek: Μακρύ Γιαλός) is a former municipality in Lasithi, Crete, Greece, with a population 4,204 in 2001.	Makry Gialos	Greece
country	Bosei Sports High School (Danish: Idrætshøjskolen Bosei) is a folk high school (non-degree granting educational institution for adults) in Præstø, Denmark, in the campus of the former Tokai University Boarding School in Denmark, a Japanese boarding school.	Bosei Sports High School	Denmark
country	Ambilobe Airport (IATA: AMB, ICAO: FMNE) is an airport serving Ambilobe, a city in the Antsiranana province in Madagascar.	Ambilobe Airport	Madagascar
country	Talkhari-ye Dam-e Deligerdu (Persian: تل خاري دم دلي گردو‎, also Romanized as Talkhārī-ye Dam-e Delīgerdū) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Talkhari-ye Dam-e Deligerdu	Iran
country	Guglionesi (local dialect: Ujuniše or Uiniše, pronounced (ujənˈiʒə) or (wiənˈiʒə)) is a town and comune in Molise, southern Italy, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) from Campobasso.	Guglionesi	Italy
country	Katokopia (Greek: Kατωκοπιά (locally (katokoˈpca)); Turkish: Zümrütköy) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, 7 km east of Morphou.	Katokopia	Cyprus
country	Rouko is a town in the Rouko Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso.	Rouko	Burkina Faso
country	Almur (Persian: المور‎, also Romanized as Almūr; also known as Almūd) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Almur	Iran
country	Artanish (Armenian: Արտանիշ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Artanish	Armenia
country	Parleza Wielka (parˈlɛza ˈvjɛlka) (German: Groß Parlösen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parleza Wielka	Poland
country	Mammari (Greek: Μάμμαρι) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus north of Kokkinotrimithia and partly within the UN Buffer Zone.	Mammari	Cyprus
country	Šalka Vas (pronounced (ˈʃaːu̯ka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Šalka vas, German: Schalkendorf) is a settlement immediately northeast of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Šalka Vas	Slovenia
country	Chitinamit (or Chitinamit-Chujuyup) is an archeological site of the Maya civilization in the highlands of Guatemala.	Chitinamit	Guatemala
country	Studenec na Blokah (pronounced (stuˈdɛːnəts na ˈbloːkax)) is a small village east of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Studenec na Blokah	Slovenia
country	As per 2011 Census of India Kurpania had a population of 7,789, of which 3,993 were males and 3,796 females.	Kurpania	India
country	Yamagata City Athletic Stadium is an athletic stadium located in the city of Yamagata, Yamagata Prefecture Japan.	Yamagata City Athletic Stadium	Japan
country	The Cork County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) (Irish: Cumann Luthchleas Gael Coiste Contae Chorcaí) or Cork GAA is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland, and is responsible for Gaelic games in County Cork and the Cork inter-county teams.	Cork GAA	Ireland
country	Kallakoopah Creek is a river running through the southern part of the Simpson Desert in Australia.	Kallakoopah Creek	Australia
country	Barony Rosendal (Baroniet Rosendal) is a historic estate and manor house situated in Kvinnherad in Hordaland county, Norway.	Barony Rosendal	Norway
country	Saltsjöbanan is an electrified suburban rail system between Stockholm and Saltsjöbaden in Nacka, Sweden.	Saltsjöbanan	Sweden
country	Łopienica (wɔpjɛˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łopienica	Poland
country	Independent Native Voice, also known as Native Voice, was a short-lived political party in Manitoba, Canada.	Independent Native Voice	Canada
country	The Rondevlei Nature Reserve is located in Grassy Park, Zeekoevlei and Lavenderhill, suburbs of Cape Town, South Africa.	Rondevlei Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	The Legges Tor is the summit of the Ben Lomond mountain range in northeast Tasmania, Australia.	Legges Tor	Australia
country	Bayanoun (Arabic: بيانون‎) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northwest of Aleppo.	Bayanoun	Syria
country	Tohen (Somali: Tooxin, Arabic: طوهآن‎) is a village in the northeastern Bari province of Somalia.	Tohen	Somalia
country	Tarcento (Friulian: Tarcint) is a town and comune (municipality) in the province of Udine, in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of north-eastern Italy.	Tarcento	Italy
country	Mashaldar (Persian: مشعلدار‎, also Romanized as Mash``aldār) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District, in the Central District of Alborz County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,155, in 702 families.	Mashaldar	Iran
country	Uchqoʻrgʻon (Russian: Учкурган, Uchkurgan) is a city and seat of Uchqoʻrgʻon District in Namangan Province in eastern Uzbekistan.	Uchqoʻrgʻon	Uzbekistan
country	Żelisławie (ʐɛliˈswavjɛ) (German: Ravensberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żelisławie	Poland
country	CJPE-FM, to be nicknamed 99.3 County FM, is a new English-language community radio station which will broadcast at 99.3 MHz/FM in Picton, located in Prince Edward County, Ontario, Canada.	CJPE-FM	Canada
country	The Berza River is a small tributary of the Danube in Călăraşi County, Romania.	Berza River	Romania
country	Le Haut-Soultzbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of northeastern France.	Le Haut-Soultzbach	France
country	Cvetovac (Serbian: Цветовац) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.	Cvetovac	Serbia
country	Skútustaðahreppur is a rural municipality located in East Iceland, in Northeastern Region.	Skútustaðahreppur	Iceland
country	Al-Ahram Canadian University (ACU; Arabic: جامعة الاهرام الكندية‎) is a private university in 6th of October City, Egypt.	Ahram Canadian University	Egypt
country	Shahraki Fayzobod (Persian: فیض‌آباد‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Shahraki Fayzobod	Tajikistan
country	Åheden is an ancient agricultural society, with about 55 people living (December 2008) 25 km south of Umeå, in northern Sweden near the Arctic circle, between localities Sörmjöle and Norrmjöle.	Åheden	Sweden
country	Waikino is a small town situated in the North Island of New Zealand nestled in the Southern end of a gorge alongside the Ohinemuri River, between Waihi and the Karangahake Gorge.	Waikino	New Zealand
country	Nor Malatia (also, Nor Malat’ia and Malatiya) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.	Nor Malatia	Armenia
country	Zboriv (Ukrainian: Зборів, Polish: Zborów, Russian: Зборов) is a town in Ternopil Oblast, west Ukraine.	Zboriv	Ukraine
country	Willowbank Wildlife Reserve is a wildlife park and nature reserve in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Willowbank Wildlife Reserve	New Zealand
country	Science Centre, Surat is a multi-facility complex in Surat, Gujarat, India built by the Surat Municipal Corporation in 2009, the first of its type in western India.	Science Centre, Surat	India
country	Dätgen is a small village in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, located in the center of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Dätgen	Germany
country	Roshchino International Airport (IATA: TJM, ICAO: USTR) is an airport in Tyumen Oblast, Russia located 13 km west of the city of Tyumen.	Roshchino International Airport	Russia
country	Akademia Lospuma Training Institute is a higher education institution originally located in Jaworzno, Poland.	Akademia Lospuma Training Institute	Poland
country	Pematang Gadung is a village in the sub-district of Matan Hilir Selatan, Ketapang District, West Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Pematang Gadung	Indonesia
country	Dhodial Pheasantry (or Dhodial Pheasant Center) is a pheasantry and breeding center for several species of pheasants situated in Mansehra District, Pakistan.	Dhodial Pheasantry	Pakistan
country	The UK Centre for Legal Education (UKCLE) is an organisation in the United Kingdom which aims to promote the development of learning and teaching in legal education in both academic and vocational settings.	UK Centre for Legal Education	United Kingdom
country	Stowięcino (stɔvjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Stojentin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stowięcino	Poland
country	Boelenslaan (West Frisian: Boelensloane) is a small town in Achtkarspelen municipality in Friesland province in the northern Netherlands.	Boelenslaan	Netherlands
country	Kasteln Castle (German: Schloss Kasteln) is a castle in the municipality of Oberflachs in Canton Aargau, Switzerland.	Kasteln Castle	Switzerland
country	Rozdzielna (rɔzˈd͡ʑelna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rozdzielna	Poland
country	Alangon is a village in the Bago Region of north-west Myanmar.	Alangon	Myanmar
country	Relitahallen is an indoor bandy venue in Uppsala, Sweden, opened on 11 September 2011 with the game IK Sirius--	Relitahallen	Sweden
country	Meck Island (Marshallese: Meik, (mʲei͡ɯk)) is part of the Kwajalein Atoll in the Ralik Chain in the Republic of the Marshall Islands, 2,100 nautical miles (3,900 km) southwest of Honolulu, Hawaii.	Meck Island	Marshall Islands
country	The Shanghai International Circuit (simplified Chinese: 上海国际赛车场; traditional Chinese: 上海國際賽車場; pinyin: Shànghǎi Guójì Sàichēchǎng) is a motorsport race track, situated in the Jiading, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.	Shanghai International Circuit	People's Republic of China
country	Hulftsdorp (also written, incorrectly as Hultsdorf ) is a suburb in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Hultsdorf	Sri Lanka
country	Pelince (Macedonian: Пелинце) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia near Kumanovo and the border between the Republic of Macedonia and Serbia.	Pelince	Macedonia
country	Akalla Gårds Bollplan or simply Akalla BP is a football stadium in Akalla , Stockholm, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team Akropolis IF.	Akalla BP	Sweden
country	Salekhard Airport (IATA: SLY, ICAO: USDD) is an airport in Tyumen Oblast, Russia located 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Salekhard.	Salekhard Airport	Russia
country	Kamid al lawz (or Kamid el-Loz) is located in West Bekaa, Lebanon.	Kamid al lawz	Lebanon
country	The Bombay Rock was a rock music venue located in Sydney Road, Brunswick, Victoria, Australia, which ran from 1977 to 1991 when it was destroyed by fire.	Bombay Rock	Australia
country	Nuestra Señora de la Soterraña (Spanish for Our Lady of Soterraña) is a Gothic church and monastery located at Santa María la Real de Nieva, Province of Segovia, Spain.	Nuestra Señora de la Soterraña	Spain
country	Narvskaya (Russian: На́рвская) is a subway station in Saint Petersburg, Russia on the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line between the stations Baltiyskaya and Kirovsky Zavod.	Narvskaya	Russia
country	Royal Brompton Hospital is the largest specialist heart and lung centre in the United Kingdom (UK).	Royal Brompton Hospital	United Kingdom
country	El Kef (Tunisian Arabic: الكاف‎ il-kāf), also known as Le Kef, is a city in north western Tunisia and the capital of the Kef Governorate.	El Kef	Tunisia
country	The Treasure of Eberswalde, the largest pre-Christian gold treasure from the area of today's Germany was found here.	Eberswalde	Germany
country	Rehovot Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת רחובות‎, Taḥanat HaRakevet Rehovot) is an Israel Railways passenger station located in the city of Rehovot.	Rehovot Railway Station	Israel
country	Tân Mỹ Base (also known as Col Co, Tân Mỹ Docks, Tân Mỹ Naval Support Activity or Eagle Beach) is a former U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Navy, U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base northeast of Huế in central Vietnam.	Tân Mỹ Base	Vietnam
country	The Elișeva River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.	Elișeva River	Romania
country	The Suldenbach (Italian: Rio Solda) is a stream located in South Tyrol, Italy.	Suldenbach	Italy
country	Russelva is a settlement in Kvalsund, Norway, located at the mouth of Russelva.	Russelv	Norway
country	Tupaghach (Persian: توپاغاچ‎, also Romanized as Tūpāghāch; also known as Tūpāghāj and Tūp Āqāj) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tupaghach	Iran
country	Karpathos Island National Airport (IATA: AOK, ICAO: LGKP) is an airport in Karpathos, Greece.	Karpathos Island National Airport	Greece
country	Istočni Drvar (Serbian Cyrillic: Источни Дрвар) is a municipality in western Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Istočni Drvar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fatsa is a town and a district of Ordu Province in the central Black Sea region of Turkey.	Fatsa	Turkey
country	Puntland (Somali: Buntlaand, Arabic: أرض البنط‎ ), officially the Puntland State of Somalia (Somali: Dowlad Goboleedka Buntlaand ee Soomaaliya, Arabic: بونتلاند دولة الصومال‎ ), is a region in northeastern Somalia, centred on Garoowe in the Nugal province.	Puntland	Somalia
country	Mirzəcamallı (also, Mirzacamallı and Mirzadzhamally) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mirzəcamallı	Azerbaijan
country	It is possible to access Pohutu Geyser via the New Zealand Māori Arts and Crafts Institute.	Pohutu Geyser	New Zealand
country	Satkosia Tiger Reserve is a tiger reserve located in the Angul district of Odisha, India covering an area of 988.30 km².	Satkosia Tiger Reserve	India
country	Obikporo is a cultural Igbo village in Onitsha, Anambra State, Nigeria.	Obikporo	Nigeria
country	Oulanka National Park (Finnish: Oulangan kansallispuisto) is a national park in the Northern Ostrobothnia and Lapland regions of Finland, covering 270 square kilometres (104 sq mi).	Oulanka National Park	Finland
country	Canadian Military Colleges (CMC) was a group of military academies in Canada.	Canadian Military Colleges	Canada
country	Thankmarsfelde was a former Benedictine monastery in the Harz Mountains of Germany, south of Ballenstedt.	Thankmarsfelde	Germany
country	Stręgiel (ˈstrɛnɡʲɛl) (German: Groß Strengeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Stręgiel	Poland
country	Belmonte Calabro, known simply as Belmonte prior to the proclamation of the Kingdom of Italy, is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza, in Calabria (Southern Italy).	Belmonte Calabro	Italy
country	Chamrousse is a ski resort in southeastern France, in the Belledonne Mountain Range near Grenoble in the Isère department.	Chamrousse	France
country	The Chamacoco people (Ishír) are an indigenous people of Paraguay.	Chamacoco	Paraguay
country	Trondenes is a parish and a former municipality in Troms county in Norway.	Trondenes	Norway
country	EuroJet Turbo GmbH is a multi-national consortium, the partner companies of which are Rolls Royce of the United Kingdom, Avio of Italy, ITP of Spain and MTU Aero Engines of Germany.	EuroJet Turbo GmbH	Germany
country	The Kunsthistorisches Museum (English: ``Museum of Art History'', also often referred to as the ``Museum of Fine Arts'') is an art museum in Vienna, Austria.	Kunsthistorisches Museum	Austria
country	Septfontaines (Luxembourgish: Simmer, German: Simmern) is a commune and small town in western Luxembourg.	Septfontaines	Luxembourg
country	The Wimbledon Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on the southern end of Gribbell Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Wimbledon Range	Canada
country	Tabaseyn-e Pain (Persian: طبسين پائين‎, also Romanized as Ţabaseyn-e Pā’īn; also known as Ţabaseyn-e Soflá, Ţabasān, Ţabaseyn, Ţabasīn, and Tabbasein) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tabaseyn-e Pain	Iran
country	The Philippine Institute of Sports Football and Athletics Stadium, formerly known as the ULTRA Stadium (University of Life Training and Recreational Arena), is a stadium located inside the PhilSports Complex in Pasig, Philippines.	PhilSports Complex	Philippines
country	The Hermitage of El Rocío (Spanish: Ermita del Rocío or Ermita de El Rocío) is a hermitage at El Rocío in the countryside of Almonte, Province of Huelva, Andalusia, Spain.	Hermitage of El Rocío	Spain
country	Berrygil Creek is a creek in north west New South Wales, Australia.	Berrygil Creek	Australia
country	The Canadian Bar Association represents over 37,000 lawyers, judges, notaries, law teachers, and law students from across Canada.	Canadian Bar Association	Canada
country	The Oppidum of Manching (German: Oppidum von Manching) was a large Celtic proto-urban or city-like settlement at modern-day Manching, near Ingolstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.	Oppidum of Manching	Germany
country	Bankovac ( Serbian: Банковац) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac, in the Nišava District.	Bankovac	Serbia
country	Hansaka is the first village located on Rewari-Delhi road in the Rewari district of Haryana, India, approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the city of Rewari.	Hansaka	India
country	Szczepanowice (German: Sczepanowitz, Stefansfeld; since 1936, Stefanshöh) is a district of Opole, Poland.	Szczepanowice	Poland
country	Reyhanluy-e Vosta (Persian: ريحانلوي وسطي‎, also Romanized as Reyḩānlūy-e Vosţá; also known as Reyḩānlū-ye Vasaţ and Reyḩanlū-ye Vosţá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Reyhanluy-e Vosta	Iran
country	Požetva (Cyrillic: Пожетва) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Požetva	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Santa Maria del Parto a Mergellina (Holy Mary of Childbirth in Mergellina) is a church located in the quartiere of Chiaia in Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria del Parto a Mergellina	Italy
country	Sularp Brook (55°42′49.3``N 13°19′31.8''E), near Fågelsång, Skåne, Sweden, is the location of the Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point (GSSP) which marks the boundary between the Middle and Late epochs of the Ordovician period on the geologic time scale.	Sularp Brook	Sweden
country	Basouna is a small countryside village in Saharsa district of Bihar, India about this village.	Basouna	India
country	Pazhanchira Devi Temple (Malayalam: പഴഞ്ചിറ ദേവി ക്ഷേത്രം) is a Hindu temple situated between Ambalathara, Thiruvananthapuram and Paravankunnu, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	Pazhanchira Devi Temple	India
country	Stobrawa Landscape Park (Stobrawski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in south-western Poland, established in 1999, covering an area of 526 square kilometres (203 sq mi) in the region of the Stobrawa river.	Stobrawa Landscape Park	Poland
country	Kudhës is a village on the Albanian Riviera, Vlorë County, Albania.	Kudhës	Albania
country	The Haldane Society of Socialist Lawyers is a socialist and legal campaigning organisation in the United Kingdom.	Haldane Society of Socialist Lawyers	United Kingdom
country	Orzeszki (ɔˈʐɛʂki) (German: Zielonygrund, 1938-45:Schützengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Orzeszki	Poland
country	The Bushwalkers Wilderness Rescue Squad (B.W.R.S.) is a remote area search and rescue service in New South Wales, Australia.	Bushwalkers Wilderness Rescue Squad	Australia
country	Medellín (Spanish pronunciation: (meðeˈʝin)), officially the Municipality of Medellín (Spanish: Municipio de Medellín), is the second-largest city in Colombia and the capital of the department of Antioquia.	Medellín	Colombia
country	Dzierzno (ˈd͡ʑeʐnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dzierzno	Poland
country	Jevenjan (Persian: جونجان‎, also Romanized as Jevenjān) is a village in Kenareh Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jevenjan	Iran
country	Chandrakasem Rajabhat University is a tertiary educational institution in the north of Bangkok, Thailand.	Chandrakasem Rajabhat University	Thailand
country	The Makarewa River is the largest tributary of the Oreti River, and is in Southland, New Zealand.	Makarewa River	New Zealand
country	Björkskatan, often called Björx, is a residential area in Luleå, Sweden.	Björkskatan	Sweden
country	Doueir (Arabic: دوير, al-Dwayr), or Dweir, is a village of 7,500 inhabitants in Southern Lebanon near Nabatieh, and north of the Litani River.	Doueir	Lebanon
country	St. Ansgar's Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Church in Kristiansand, Norway.	St. Ansgar's Church	Norway
country	The cliff face at Trimingham has the youngest chalk in the United Kingdom and it is possible to collect shells, bivalves, crinoids and oysters from here.	Trimingham	United Kingdom
country	Oliver Plunkett Street (Sráid Olibhéir Pluincéid in Irish), is the second most important shopping street in Cork, Ireland after St. Patrick's Street.	Oliver Plunkett Street	Ireland
country	Taohuatan Zhen literally ``Pool of Peach Blossoms'', is a town in Xuancheng, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.	Taohuatan	People's Republic of China
country	Barisal Airport (IATA: BZL, ICAO: VGBR) is a domestic airport located in the southern city of Barisal in Bangladesh.	Barisal Airport	Bangladesh
country	Odin Teatret is a theatre troop based in Holstebro, Denmark.	Odin Teatret	Denmark
country	Kolonia Siemiątkowska (kɔˈlɔɲa ɕemjɔntˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Siemiątkowska	Poland
country	Jarlsberg Travbane is a harness racing track located in Tønsberg, Norway.	Jarlsberg Travbane	Norway
country	Společnost s ručením omezeným is the Czech Republic legal structure for a private limited company.	Společnost s ručením omezeným	Czech Republic
country	FC Spartak Sofia (Bulgarian: ФК Спартак София) was a Bulgarian football club based in Sofia, Bulgaria.	Spartak Sofia	Bulgaria
country	The Atlin Volcanic Field, also called the Llangorse Volcanic Field and the Surprise Lake Volcanic Field, is a group of late-Pleistocene to Holocene cinder cones that lies on the Teslin Plateau east of Atlin Lake, Canada.	Atlin Volcanic Field	Canada
country	Pothy is a small town near Thalayolaparambu, Kottayam district in Kerala, India.	Pothy	India
country	Shelly Bay is a bay on the Miramar Peninsula of Wellington, New Zealand.	Shelly Bay	New Zealand
country	Glennies Creek Dam is a minor ungated concrete faced curved earth and rockfill embankment dam with an uncontrolled rock cut spillway across the Glennies Creek, upstream of Singleton, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.	Glennies Creek Dam	Australia
country	Boriziny (French: Port-Bergé) is a city (commune urbaine) in western Madagascar in Sofia Region.	Boriziny	Madagascar
country	Bunnawarra or Bunnawarra Station is a pastoral lease operating as a sheep station in Western Australia.	Bunnawarra	Australia
country	Diklosmta or simply Diklo (Georgian: დიკლოსმთა) is a peak in the eastern part of the Caucasus Mountains in between border of the Russian Republics of Chechnya and Dagestan and the Tusheti region of Georgia.	Diklosmta	Georgia
country	The Rayoso Formation is a geological formation in the Neuquén Province of Argentina whose strata date back to the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous.	Rayoso Formation	Argentina
country	The Gyeongju nuclear waste disposal facility is of silo-type design involving disposal at depth meant to safely house dangerous radioactive waste at Gyeongju in South Korea.	Gyeongju nuclear waste disposal facility	South Korea
country	The Katoomba Falls is a segmented waterfall that is located close to Echo Point near Katoomba on the Kedumba River descending into the Jamison Valley located within the Blue Mountains National Park in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Katoomba Falls	Australia
country	Ghowchak (Pashto: غوچک Ghowchak) is a village in Surkh-Rod District in Nangarhar province in Afghanistan, 20 km east of Jalalabad city near the Jwe Haft.	Ghowchak	Afghanistan
country	The Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1992 is a United Kingdom Statutory Instrument that stipulates general requirements on accommodation standards for nearly all workplaces.	Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1992	United Kingdom
country	Rote Ndao Regency is a regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia, consisting primarily of the island of Rote, situated south-west of the western tip of West Timor.	Rote Ndao Regency	Indonesia
country	Strelna River (Russian: Стрельна) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Strelna River	Russia
country	Buseto Palizzolo (Sicilian: Palazzolu) is a town and comune in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani.	Buseto Palizzolo	Italy
country	As of 2011 India census Mehkar had a population of 45,245 aless constitute 51.64% of the population and females 78.36%.	Mehkar	India
country	Narrabri Airport (IATA: NAA, ICAO: YNBR) is an airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) northeast of Narrabri, New South Wales, Australia.	Narrabri Airport	Australia
country	The Liberation Monument is a monument in Pyongyang, North Korea.	Liberation Monument	North Korea
country	John Paul II High School in Tarnów ((pl) IV Liceum Ogólnokształcące im. Jana Pawła II w Tarnowie) is a high school in Tarnów, Poland.	John Paul II High School in Tarnów	Poland
country	Ševarice (Serbian Cyrillic: Шеварице) is a village in Serbia.	Ševarice	Serbia
country	The Poiana Ruscă Mountains (part of the Western Carpathians) are a Carpathian mountain range in western Romania.	Poiana Ruscă Mountains	Romania
country	Premier Stateliner is South Australia's largest long national distance coach operator running services from Adelaide across the state.	Premier Stateliner	Australia
country	The Edoardo Chiossone Museum of Oriental Art in Genoa is an important collection of Asian art, one of the most significative collections in Europe and in Italy, along with the museums of Venice and Rome.	Edoardo Chiossone Museum of Oriental Art	Italy
country	Kilkis (Greek: Κιλκίς, Bulgarian: Кукуш) is an industrial city in Central Macedonia, Greece.	Kilkis	Greece
country	The Koala Park Sanctuary, now known colloquially as 'Australia's saddest zoo' is privately owned and run wildlife park located at West Pennant Hills in Sydney Australia.	Koala Park Sanctuary	Australia
country	Bardiya District (Nepali: बर्दिया जिल्ला Listen ), one of the seventy-five Districts of Nepal, is part of Bheri Zone and is headquartered at the city of Gulariya.	Bardiya District	Nepal
country	Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (SQM) is a Chilean chemical company and a supplier of plant nutrients, Iodine, Lithium and industrial chemicals.	Sociedad Química y Minera	Chile
country	Seine-Maritime (French pronunciation: ​(sɛn.ma.ʁi.tim)) is a department of France in the Normandy region of northern France.	Seine-Maritime	France
country	Amba Alagi is a mountain, or an amba, in northern Ethiopia.	Amba Alagi	Ethiopia
country	Batticaloa Lighthouse, is a lighthouse in Sri Lanka, situated near the estuary in Palameenmadu, was built in 1913 and is 28 meters high.	Batticaloa Lighthouse	Sri Lanka
country	Nai Gaj Dam is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Gaj River in the gorge area at the edge of Kirthar Mountains range at about 65 km (40 miles) north-west of Dadu city in Dadu District, Sindh Province of Pakistan.	Nai Gaj Dam	Pakistan
country	The Municipality of Brežice (Slovene: Občina Brežice) is a municipality in eastern Slovenia in the Lower Sava Valley, near the Croatian border.	Municipality of Brežice	Slovenia
country	The Ossolan Union for Autonomy (Unione Ossolana per l'Autonomia, UOPA) was a regionalist political party active in Ossola, a valley region of Piedmont, Italy.	Ossolan Union for Autonomy	Italy
country	Wickford became the birthplace of Naturism in the United Kingdom.	Wickford	United Kingdom
country	The Kalambo Falls on the Kalambo River is a 772ft (235m) single drop waterfall on the border of Zambia and Tanzania at the southeast end of Lake Tanganyika.	Kalambo Falls	Tanzania
country	Damot Gale is one of the woredas (districts) in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Damot Gale	Ethiopia
country	Campichuelo is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.	Campichuelo	Argentina
country	Ulundi Airport (IATA: ULD, ICAO: FAUL) is an airport serving the towns of Ulundi, Nongoma and Melmoth in the Zululand Municipal District of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Ulundi Airport	South Africa
country	Arrivillaga are two blocks with about 25 houses located 800 metres west of Juan Lacaze of Colonia Department, Uruguay.	Arrivillaga	Uruguay
country	Mierzanowo (mjɛʐaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mierzanowo	Poland
country	Alucheh Qeshlaq (Persian: الوچه قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Ālūcheh Qeshlāq; also known as Alcheh Gheshlagh, Ālcheh Qeshlāq, Kyshlag, Qeshlāq, Qeshlāq Ālūcheh, and Qishlāq) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alucheh Qeshlaq	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Abdollah (Persian: مزرعه حاجي عبداله‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājjī ``Abdollah) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 36 families.	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Abdollah	Iran
country	The Monheim Town Hall (German Monheimer Rathaus) is a historical building in Monheim, Bavaria, southern Germany, now owned by the city's council.	Monheim Town Hall	Germany
country	Bistrița (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈbistrit͡sa); German: Bistritz, archaic Nösen; Hungarian: Beszterce) is the capital city of Bistriţa-Năsăud County, in northern Transylvania, Romania.	Bistrița	Romania
country	Sant'Apollonia was a former Benedictine convent, founded in 1339, with some of the remaining structures demarcated on three sides by via Ventisette Aprile, via Santa Reparata, and Via San Gallo, located about a block west of Piazza San Marco, just north of the city center of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Sant'Apollonia	Italy
country	The Calenberg is a hill in central Germany in the Leine depression near Pattensen in the municipality of Schulenburg.	Calenberg	Germany
country	The Mornington Peninsula is a peninsula located south-east of Melbourne, Australia.	Mornington Peninsula	Australia
country	Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust (formerly Royal Free Hampstead NHS Trust) is an NHS foundation trust based in London, United Kingdom.	Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust	United Kingdom
country	The Western Area Urban District is one of the 14 Districts of Sierra Leone.	Western Area Urban District	Sierra Leone
country	The Magai is a small river of Eastern Uttar Pradesh, India.	Magai	India
country	Goruk Kandi (Persian: گروك كندي‎, also Romanized as Gorūk Kandī; also known as Jahāngīrābād) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Goruk Kandi	Iran
country	Govşatlı (also, Govshatlu, Govshatly, and Qovşatlı) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Govşatlı	Azerbaijan
country	Ryvangen or Ryvangskvarteret (English: The Ryvang neighbourhood) is a neighbourhood of single-family detached homes in the northern part of Østerbro, on the border with Hellerup, in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Ryvangen	Denmark
country	Morgan's Grant (pop. 8,000) is a suburban neighbourhood located in Kanata, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Morgan's Grant	Canada
country	The Khewra Salt Mine (or Mayo Salt Mine) is located in Khewra, north of Pind Dadan Khan, an administrative subdivision of Jhelum District, Punjab Region, Pakistan, which rises from the Indo-Gangetic Plain.	Khewra Salt Mine	Pakistan
country	Claye-Souilly (pronounced: (klaj.su.ji)) is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Claye-Souilly	France
country	Cox's Bazar Government High School is a high school in Cox's Bazar district in Bangladesh.	Cox's Bazar Government High School	Bangladesh
country	The Alpine Rhine begins in the most western part of the Swiss canton of Graubünden, and later forms the border between Switzerland to the West and Liechtenstein and later Austria to the East.	Rhine	Switzerland	Austria
country	Dhobaghat -- also called Udayapurkot -- is a village and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan, a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone, western Nepal.	Dhobaghat	Nepal
country	In the following year, governments of Turkish Republic and Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus mutually agreed on opening a university called ``Eastern Mediterranean University''.	Eastern Mediterranean University	Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
country	Couya is a rural settlement in the Arcahaie municipality of the Arcahaie, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Couya	Haiti
country	Monfalcone (moɱfalˈkoːne) (in the local Bisiac dialect: Mofalcòn, Slovene: Tržič, German: Falkenberg) is a town and comune of the province of Gorizia (Friuli-Venezia Giulia, northern Italy), located on the coast of the Gulf of Trieste.	Monfalcone	Italy
country	Makati Avenue is a major commercial thoroughfare in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Makati Avenue	Philippines
country	Paul Roos Gymnasium is a government school for boys in the town of Stellenbosch, Western Cape, South Africa, founded in 1866 as Stellenbosch Gymnasium.	Paul Roos Gymnasium	South Africa
country	Noisy-le-Grand (pronounced: (nwa.zi.lə.ɡʁɑ̃)) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Noisy-le-Grand	France
country	Huéscar (Latin: Osca) is a municipality of the province of Granada, Spain.	Huéscar	Spain
country	Bari Karol Wojtyła Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Bari-Karol Wojtyła) (IATA: BRI, ICAO: LIBD) is an airport serving the city of Bari in Italy.	Bari Karol Wojtyła Airport	Italy
country	Fabci (pronounced (ˈfaːptsi)) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Fabci	Slovenia
country	Naham (Hebrew: נַחַם) is a moshav in central Israel.	Naham	Israel
country	Hahn Brewery was established by Dr Charles ``Chuck'' Hahn in 1988 at an old factory site in the suburb of Camperdown in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Hahn Brewery	Australia
country	Sang Tash (Persian: سنگتاش‎, also Romanized as Sang Tāsh) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sang Tash	Iran
country	Sofiyska Sveta gora Metro Station (Bulgarian: Метростанция ``Софийска Света гора``) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It started operation on April 2, 2015.	Sofiyska Sveta gora Metro Station	Bulgaria
country	The Conservatorium van Amsterdam (CvA) is the largest music academy in the Netherlands, offering programs in classical music, jazz, pop, early music, music education, and opera.	Conservatorium van Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Skydebanehaven (English. The Shooting Range Gardens) is a small public park in the heart of the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Skydebanehaven	Denmark
country	The National School for Ancient Languages and Cultures ``Constantine-Cyril the Philosopher'' (Bulgarian: Национална гимназия за древни езици и култури ``Константин Кирил Φилософ''), abbreviated in Bulgarian НГДЕК (NGDEK), is a high school, located in Sofia, Bulgaria.	NGDEK	Bulgaria
country	Puig Castellar (Balenyà) is a mountain of Catalonia, Spain.	Puig Castellar (Balenyà)	Spain
country	Pery Square (Irish: Cearnog an Pheirigh) is a Georgian Terrace located in the Newtown Pery area of Limerick city, Ireland.	Pery Square	Ireland
country	Ata-Zhurt, sometimes Ata-Jurt, (Kyrgyz: Ата-журт), or Fatherland, is a political party in Kyrgyzstan.	Ata-Zhurt	Kyrgyzstan
country	Gisborne Boys' High School is a boys' secondary school situated in Gisborne, New Zealand that was originally founded as a Co-Ed school in 1909 and was known as Gisborne High School.	Gisborne Boys' High School	New Zealand
country	Hojjatabad-e Deq (Persian: حجت اباددق‎, also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād-e Deq; also known as Ḩojjatābād-e Robāţ) is a village in Baghin Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hojjatabad-e Deq	Iran
country	The Macaque Cave (simplified Chinese: 猕猴洞; traditional Chinese: 獼猴洞; pinyin: Míhóu Dòng) is a karst cave located on the Macaque Ridge (猕猴岭) outside Dongfang City, Hainan, People's Republic of China.	Macaque Cave	People's Republic of China
country	Bjernede Church is a Medieval round church near Sorø in Denmark.	Bjernede Church	Denmark
country	Stockholm East Station (Swedish: Stockholms östra station) or Stockholm Ö is a railway station on the Roslag Railway in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm East Station	Sweden
country	Khairpur railway station (Urdu: خیرپور ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Khairpur city, Khairpur district of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Khairpur railway station	Pakistan
country	Dharanikota is a village in Amaravati mandal, Andhra Pradesh, India, in the Guntur district.	Dharanikota	India
country	The Superior Institute of Religious Sciences of St. Thomas Aquinas is an institution of higher education in Kiev (Ukraine), conducted by the Dominican Friars of the Vicariate General of Russia and Ukraine and, affiliated to the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas (Angelicum).	Superior Institute of Religious Sciences of St. Thomas Aquinas	Ukraine
country	Académica do Sal (Capeverdean Crioulo, also in the Sal Crioulo language, ALUPEC or ALUPEK, Akadémika) is a football (soccer) club that had played in the Premier division and plays in the Sal Island League in Cape Verde.	Académica do Sal	Cape Verde
country	The Railway Museum of Thessaloniki is a museum in Eleftherio-Kordelio, a municipality of the city of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Railway Museum of Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Faculty of Medicine, Diponegoro University (Indonesian: Fakultas Kedokteran Universitas Diponegoro) is one of the leading medical schools in Indonesia.	Faculty of Medicine, Diponegoro University	Indonesia
country	Awqa Punta (Quechua awqa enemy, opponent, rival; hostile, local Quechua punta peak; ridge; first, before, in front of, hispanicized spelling Auga Punta) is an archaeological site in Peru located in the Huánuco Region, Huamalíes Province, Jircan District.	Awqa Punta	Peru
country	Pfäffikon District is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Pfäffikon District	Switzerland
country	Le Louvre des Antiquaires is a historic structure in Paris, France on the Place du Palais-Royal.	Le Louvre des Antiquaires	France
country	Nanzi Station (Chinese: 楠梓車站; pinyin: Nánzǐ Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Nanzih District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Nanzi Station	Taiwan
country	Le Quotidien Jurassien is a Swiss French language regional daily newspaper published in the Jura canton, Switzerland.	Le Quotidien Jurassien	Switzerland
country	The Cajal Institute (Spanish: Instituto de Neurobiología Ramón y Cajal) in Madrid is the largest neuroscience research center in Spain.	Cajal Institute	Spain
country	Parque de la Conferencia is a park in Algeciras, southeastern Spain.	Parque de la Conferencia	Spain
country	Leningrad Hero City Obelisk (Russian: Обелиск ``Городу-герою Ленинграду'') is a monument in the shape of obelisk located in Vosstaniya Square in Saint Petersburg, Russia, which was known as Leningrad from 1924 to 1991.	Leningrad Hero City Obelisk	Russia
country	Tarxien (Maltese: Ħal Tarxien) is a town in the South Eastern Region of Malta.	Tarxien	Malta
country	Karamjanabad (Persian: كرم جان اباد‎, also Romanized as Karamjānābād) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Karamjanabad	Iran
country	The Frontier Region Kohat (often abbreviated as FR Kohat) is a small administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan.	Frontier Region Kohat	Pakistan
country	Dublin Business School (DBS) incorporating Portobello College is the largest independent college in Ireland.	Dublin Business School	Ireland
country	Lysbotn Chapel (Norwegian: Lysbotn kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Lysbotn Chapel	Norway
country	Golchehran (Persian: گلچهران‎, also Romanized as Golchehrān; also known as Kucharān and Kulcharān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Golchehran	Iran
country	The Andi Koysu (Russian: Андийское Койсу - Andiyskoye Koysu, Georgian: ანდის ყოისუ - Andis Qoisu) is a river in Georgia and Dagestan (Russia).	Andi Koysu	Georgia
country	Jelovica (pronounced (jɛˈlɔːʋitsa)) is a karst plateau in northwestern Slovenia.	Jelovica	Slovenia
country	Shardin (Persian: شاردين‎, also Romanized as Shārdīn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shardin	Iran
country	Giaginskaya (Russian: Гиагинская; Adyghe: Джэджэ (d͡ʒad͡ʒa), Džedže) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Giaginsky District of the Republic of Adygea, Russia, located 35 kilometers (22 mi) from Maykop.	Giaginskaya	Russia
country	Sydney Nursing School is the nursing school of the University of Sydney in Australia.	Sydney Nursing School	Australia
country	Dhaperhat Union is a union parishad under Sadullapur Upazila of Gaibandha District, Bangladesh.	Dhaperhat Union	Bangladesh
country	Terra Mítica (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈtɛra ˈmitika)) is a theme park located in Benidorm, Comunitat Valenciana, Spain.	Terra Mítica	Spain
country	Nangō-Nana-Chōme Station (南郷7丁目駅) is a Sapporo Municipal Subway station in Shiroishi-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	Nangō-Nana-Chōme Station	Japan
country	The Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala (Swedish Kungliga Vetenskaps-Societeten i Uppsala), is the oldest of the royal academies in Sweden.	Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala	Sweden
country	The Cégep de Sherbrooke is a public pre-university college located in the city of Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	Cégep de Sherbrooke	Canada
country	Stare Jemielite (ˈstarɛ jɛmjɛˈlitɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Jemielite	Poland
country	Torre de Cali (``Cali Tower'') is a 46-story skyscraper in downtown Cali, Colombia.	Cali Tower	Colombia
country	Santimamiñe cave, Kortezubi, Biscay, Basque Country, Spain, is one of the most important archaeological sites of the Basque Country, including a nearly complete sequence from the Middle Paleolithic to the Iron Age.	Santimamiñe	Spain
country	Udanin (uˈdanin) (German: Gäbersdorf) is a village in Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Udanin	Poland
country	The Municipality of Križevci (Slovene: Občina Križevci) is a municipality in the Prlekija region in eastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Križevci	Slovenia
country	Since 1929, Acta Apostolicae Sedis carries a supplement in Italian, called Supplemento per le leggi e disposizioni dello Stato della Città del Vaticano, containing laws and regulations of Vatican City, the city-state founded in that year.	Acta Apostolicae Sedis	Vatican City
country	Lake Lukomlskoye or Lukoml Lake (Belarusian: Лукомскае возера or Лукомальскае возера, Russian: Лукомльское озеро) is a lake in the Chashniki district, Vitsebsk Voblast, of Belarus.	Lake Lukomlskoye	Belarus
country	Iquitos District is one of thirteen districts of the Maynas Province in Peru.	Iquitos District	Peru
country	The Serer-Noon also called Noon (sometimes spelt Non or None) are an ethnic people who occupy western Senegal.	Serer-Noon	Senegal
country	Colcha District is one of nine districts of the province Paruro, Peru.	Colcha District	Peru
country	Toro Muerto (English: Dead Bull) is a collection of ancient petroglyphs in the Peruvian coastal desert, found in the Castilla province in the region Arequipa in Peru.	Toro Muerto	Peru
country	Schrader Range is a mountain range in central Papua New Guinea, at about 5.15°S 144.45°E. It is a part of the Bismarck Range.	Schrader Range	Papua New Guinea
country	The Shatavar Vatika Herbal Park, Hisar (Hindi: शतावर वाटिका जड़ी बूटी उद्यान, हिसार, हरयाणा), named after Shatavar herb, is a 125-acre herbal park for the preservation of several endangered Ayurvedic medicinal herbs, on Dhansu road in the town of Hisar in the Hisar district of Haryana State, India.	Shatavar Vatika Herbal Park, Hisar	India
country	7 October Stadium is a grass football stadium based in center of Tripoli, Libya.	7 October Stadium	Libya
country	Tembrungharta is a village in the Dang district of Gujarat, India, and is located on the reoad connecting the Dang district headquarters Ahwa and the Saputara hill station.	Tembrungharta	India
country	The Norwegian Christian Student and School Association (Norwegian: Norges Kristelige Student- og Skoleungdomslag or NKSS), is a Christian youth organization in Norway.	Norwegian Christian Student and School Association	Norway
country	Ateliers Varan is an association of filmmakers based in Paris, France, whose primary work is running non-academic hands-on courses in documentary filmmaking both in France and across the world.	Ateliers Varan	France
country	Financial Collection Agencies Ltd (FCA) was an accounts receivable/collections company that operated in Canada, the United States and Europe from 1979 to 1998 when it was acquired by the NCO Group for $68 Million USD.	Financial Collection Agencies	Canada
country	Kapuvár (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkɒpuvaːr); German: Kobrunn) is a small but ancient town of some 11,000 inhabitants in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.	Kapuvár	Hungary
country	Leipzig Hauptbahnhof (Leipzig main station) is the central railway terminus in Leipzig, Germany.	Leipzig Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Their numbers eventually reached between 15,000 and 20,000, leading Lucera to be called Lucaera Saracenorum because it represented the last stronghold of Islamic presence in Italy.	Lucera	Italy
country	Eyjafjörður (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈeːijaˌfjœrðʏr̥), Island Fjord) is the longest fjord in Iceland.	Eyjafjörður	Iceland
country	Koedijk is a village in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Koedijk	Netherlands
country	Buller High School is a secondary school in the town of Westport, New Zealand.	Buller High School	New Zealand
country	The Ukrainian People's Party (Ukrainian: Українська Народна Партія; Ukrains'ka Narodna Partiya) is a political party in Ukraine, registered on Old Year's Day 1999 as Ukrainian National Movement (Ukrainian: Український Народний Рух; Ukrajins'kyi Narodnyj Rukh).	Ukrainian People's Party	Ukraine
country	Sibandarreh (Persian: سيبان دره‎, also Romanized as Sībāndarreh) is a village in Baraghan Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Sibandarreh	Iran
country	The German-Pennsylvanian Association (German: Deutsch-Pennsylvanischer Arbeitskreis) is an organization founded in 2003 in the Rheinhessen area of Ober-Olm in Germany, and dedicated to cultural exchange and research involving the Pennsylvania Dutch language and people.	German-Pennsylvanian Association	Germany
country	Takapuna Grammar School is a state coeducational secondary school located in the suburb of Belmont on the North Shore of Auckland, New Zealand.	Takapuna Grammar School	New Zealand
country	Vieillevie is a commune in the département of (Cantal)) in south-central France.	Vieillevie	France
country	Dąbrowa Tarnowska (dɔmˈbrɔva tarˈnɔfska) is a town in Poland, in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, about 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of Tarnów.	Dąbrowa Tarnowska	Poland
country	The Bremen Main Post Office Building (German: Ehemaliges Hauptpostamt) or (German: Kaiserliche Oberpostdirektion) is a Neo-Renaissance building in Bremen, Germany, that used to be the Imperial Post Office for the Bremen area.	Bremen Main Post Office Building	Germany
country	Akácfa utca (Acacia Road) is located in Erzsébetváros in Budapest, Hungary, between Rákóczi út and Király utca.	Akácfa utca	Hungary
country	The Cheruthoni Dam, located in Idukki District, Kerala, India, is a 138m tall concrete gravity dam.	Cheruthoni Dam	India
country	The Constitution Committee is a cross-party select committee of the House of Lords, the upper chamber of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Constitution Committee	United Kingdom
country	Selat Pandan (or Pandan Strait) is a strait south of Singapore's main island.	Selat Pandan	Singapore
country	RAF Sylt is a former Royal Air Force station located near Sylt, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	RAF Sylt	Germany
country	Durame is a town and separate woreda in southeastern Ethiopia.	Durame	Ethiopia
country	Lefkoniko (Greek: Λευκόνοικο; Turkish: Lefkonuk or Geçitkale) is a town in the Mesaoria Plain of Cyprus.	Lefkoniko	Cyprus
country	Bissandugu (French: Bissandougou) is a city in southwestern Guinea.	Bissandugu	Guinea
country	The Awatere River is a large river flowing through Marlborough, New Zealand.	Awatere River	New Zealand
country	The Sutherland River, also once known as the Beaver River, is a river in the area of Babine Lake in northeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Sutherland River	Canada
country	Ashak Rezvan (Persian: اشك رضوان‎, also Romanized as Āshak Rez̤vān) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ashak Rezvan	Iran
country	Tipperary (/ˌtɪpəˈrɛəri/; Irish: Tiobraid Árann) is a town and a civil parish in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Tipperary	Ireland
country	Vancouver East (French: Vancouver-Est) is a federal electoral district in British Columbia, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1935.	Vancouver East	Canada
country	Upper Moutere (originally called Sarau by its founding German settlers) is a locality in the Tasman District near Nelson at the top of New Zealand's South Island.	Upper Moutere	New Zealand
country	After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, Suzhou City was divided from Wu County again in 1949.	Wu County	People's Republic of China
country	Asht District or Nohiya-i Asht (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ашт/Persian: ناحیۀ اشت‎) is a district in the northernmost tip of Sughd Province, Tajikistan, bordering on Uzbekistan to the north, the east, and the south.	Asht District	Tajikistan
country	The Dari Ovoo (Mongolian: Дарь овоо), also known as Altan Ovoo (Mongolian: Алтан овоо, lit. ``golden+ovoo''), is an extinct volcano in the Dariganga district, Sukhbaatar Province in eastern Mongolia.	Dari Ovoo	Mongolia
country	Vaitape is the largest city of island Bora Bora in French Polynesia.	Vaitape	French Polynesia
country	Nigavan (Armenian: Նիգավան; until 1947, Danagirmaz and Damagermaz; from 1947-1967, Ovit and Hovit) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Nigavan	Armenia
country	The Shoalhaven Scheme is a dual-purpose water supply and hydro-electric power generation scheme located on the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Shoalhaven Scheme	Australia
country	Mussau Island is the largest island of St. Matthias Islands, Papua New Guinea, at 1°25′01``S 149°37′59''E. It is one of the northernmost islands of Papua New Guinea.	Mussau Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Phowintaung (Burmese: ဖိုဝင်တောင် (pʰo wɪ tàʊɴ), also spelt as Hpowindaung, Powintaung, Po Win Taung) is a Buddhist cave complex located approximately 25 kilometers west of Monywa and 10 kilometers southeast of Yinmabin, in Yinmabin Township, Monywa District, Sagaing Region, Northern Burma (Myanmar).	Phowintaung	Myanmar
country	Periya Nagapoondi is a panchayat village located in Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Periya Nagapoondi	India
country	The English School (Helsinki) is a private international school in Helsinki, Finland.	English School (Helsinki)	Finland
country	Kermen (Bulgarian: Кермен) is a small town in Sliven Municipality in Sliven Province, eastern Bulgaria.	Kermen	Bulgaria
country	Warzyce (vaˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Warzyce	Poland
country	The first known reference to Bregentved is from 1319 when King Eric VI of Denmark passed the estate to Roskilde Abbey.	Bregentved	Denmark
country	Ekaterinhof or Catherinehof (Russian: Екатеринго́ф) is a historic district in the south-west of St Petersburg, Russia.	Catherinehof	Russia
country	The Byblos Fossil Museum (aka Memory of Time) is a museum in Byblos, Lebanon.	Byblos Fossil Museum	Lebanon
country	Syekh Hamzah Fansyuri Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Syekh Hamzah Fansyuri) is an airport located in Singkil, Aceh Singkil Regency, Aceh Province, Indonesia.	Syekh Hamzah Fansyuri Airport	Indonesia
country	The Schützenfest (also known in Brazil as Festa dos Atiradores) is a traditional festival held annually since 1988, celebrated in October in Jaraguá do Sul.	Jaraguá do Sul	Brazil
country	Pobratymy (pɔbraˈtɨmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pobratymy	Poland
country	Hick's Cayes (Spanish: Cayos Hicks) are a group of uninhabited Islands in the South of Chetumal Bay, between St. George's Caye and Caye Chapel, about halfway between Belize City and San Pedro Town.	Hick's Cayes	Belize
country	Rîșcani (Romanian pronunciation: (rɨʃˈkanʲ), also spelled Râșcani; Moldovan Cyrillic: Рышкань; Russian: Рышканы) is a city in Moldova, the capital of the Rîșcani District.	Rîșcani	Moldova
country	Colonia del Sacramento (Spanish pronunciation: (koˈlonja ðel sakɾaˈmento); formerly the Portuguese Colónia do Sacramento) is a city in southwestern Uruguay, by the Río de la Plata, facing Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Colonia del Sacramento	Uruguay
country	Porin jäähalli (or locally known as Isomäki or Isomäen Jäähalli) is an arena in Pori, Finland.	Porin jäähalli	Finland
country	The St. James the Apostle Parish Church (Spanish: Iglesia Parroquial de Santiago Apóstol) commonly known as Betis Church is a Baroque church located in the Betis, Guagua in Pampanga, Philippines under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando.	Betis Church	Philippines
country	The Tama Lakes are two crater lakes in New Zealand's Tongariro National Park.	Tama Lakes	New Zealand
country	Oppdal Station (Norwegian: Oppdal stasjon) is a railway station located in downtown Oppdal in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Oppdal Station	Norway
country	Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT (Finnish: Tietotekniikan tutkimuslaitos HIIT, Swedish: Forskningsinstitutet för informationsteknologi HIIT) is a joint research unit of two leading research universities in Helsinki, Finland, the University of Helsinki (UH) and Aalto University.	Helsinki Institute for Information Technology	Finland
country	Bychawa (bɨˈxava) is a town in Poland, in Lublin Voivodeship, in Lublin County, about 25 km south of Lublin.	Bychawa	Poland
country	The Bandian Fire Temple is an archaeological site in Iran.	Bandian Fire Temple	Iran
country	Dana Air is an airline based in Ikeja, Lagos State, Nigeria and flying domestic services.	Dana Air	Nigeria
country	Mah-e Firuzan (Persian: ماه فيروزان‎, also Romanized as Māh-e Fīrūzān; also known as Fīrūzān and Māh Parvīzān) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mah-e Firuzan	Iran
country	Netu'a (Hebrew: נְטוּעָה, lit. Planted) is an moshav in northern Israel.	Netu'a	Israel
country	Kilsəbuqov (also, Kilsəbugov, Kil’syabugov, and Kilisabugov) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kilsəbuqov	Azerbaijan
country	Bestwina (bɛstˈfʲina) is a village in Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bestwina	Poland
country	The Sierra Nevada de Mérida is the highest mountain range in the largest massif in Venezuela, the Cordillera de Mérida, which in turn is part of the northern extent of the Cordillera de los Andes (Andes Mountains).	Sierra Nevada de Mérida	Venezuela
country	Pico de Alberto is a mountain in the eastern part of São Nicolau island in Cape Verde.	Pico de Alberto	Cape Verde
country	Vecdole Castle (German: Schloss Alt-Dahlen) is a castle on the Daugava River in the historical region of Vidzeme, Latvia.	Vecdole Castle	Latvia
country	Erkeç (also, Erk’ej, Erkech, Erkedge, Erketch, and Ertech) is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Erkeç	Azerbaijan
country	Prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics, German media took an interest in a Tongan luger training in Germany, who was apparently also called Bruno Banani.	Bruno Banani	Germany
country	The Château de Longwy is a ruined castle, incorporated into the town's fortifications, in the commune of Longwy in the Meurthe-et-Moselle département of France.	Château de Longwy	France
country	Mary White College is a residential college at the University of New England (UNE), Australia, established in 1957.	Mary White College	Australia
country	The Transilvania International Film Festival (TIFF; Romanian: Festivalul Internațional de Film Transilvania) is a film festival held in Cluj-Napoca, Romania and established in 2001 by Romanian Film Promotion.	Transilvania International Film Festival	Romania
country	Sørkapp Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Sørkapp fuglereservat) is a bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Sørkapp Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Crossland College is a tertiary education institute situated in Priority Highlands, in Chanthar village in Brahmavar, 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) away from Udupi and 73 kilometres (45 mi) from Mangalore, in India.	Crossland College	India
country	Mount Fletcher is a town in Joe Gqabi District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, 69 km north-north-east of Maclear.	Mount Fletcher	South Africa
country	The Hope Downs mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 100 kilometres northwest of Newman.	Hope Downs mine	Australia
country	Kangersuatsiaq (old spelling: Kangerssuatsiaq) (IATA: KGQ), formerly Prøven, is an island settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Kangersuatsiaq	Greenland
country	Røstlandet is an island and the administrative centre of the municipality of Røst in Nordland county, Norway.	Røstlandet	Norway
country	Sandovo (Russian: Сандово) is an urban-type settlement and the administrative center of Sandovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Sandovo	Russia
country	Biswanath Chariali (IPA: ˌbɪswəˈnɑːθ ˈtʃɑːrɪˌælɪ) (Assamese: বিশ্বনাথ চাৰিআলি) is a town and a municipal board in Sonitpur district in the state of Assam, India.	Biswanath Chariali	India
country	Tidhar (Hebrew: תִּדְהָר, lit. Plane tree) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Tidhar	Israel
country	Darbid-e Vosta (Persian: داربيد وسطي‎, also Romanized as Dārbīd-e Vosţá) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darbid-e Vosta	Iran
country	Buada Lagoon is a landlocked, slightly brackish, freshwater lake east of Aiwo District in the island nation of Nauru.	Buada Lagoon	Nauru
country	The Rustavi International Motorpark is a motor racing venue located 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Tbilisi, Georgia.	Rustavi International Motorpark	Georgia
country	Caucagua is fairly prosperous because it is in crossroads between Caracas, the east of Venezuela, and the rest of the Miranda state.	Caucagua	Venezuela
country	Min-Kush (Kyrgyz: Миң куш, 'a thousand birds') is an urban-type settlement (since 1953) in the Jumgal District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Min-Kush	Kyrgyzstan
country	Polokwane (UK /ˌpɒləˈkwɑːnɪ/), meaning ``Place of Safety'', is a city in the Polokwane Local Municipality and the capital of the Limpopo province, South Africa.	Polokwane	South Africa
country	Sahaqurun (Somali: Saaxaqurun) is a city in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Sahaqurun	Somalia
country	The Quaid-e-Azam Library is a library in Bagh-e-Jinnah, a park previously known as ``Lawrence Gardens'', in Lahore, Pakistan.	Quaid-e-Azam Library	Pakistan
country	The Hindenburg Range is a mountain range in western Papua New Guinea, stretching from the Star Mountains to the east, at about 5.25°S 141.3833333°E.	Hindenburg Range	Papua New Guinea
country	Przybranówek (pʂɨbraˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Przybranówek	Poland
country	The Morningside Music Bridge International Music Festival is a month-long summer music institute normally held at Mount Royal University in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Morningside Music Bridge International Music Festival	Canada
country	Shashamane (or Shashemene, Oromo) is a town and a separate woreda in West Arsi Zone, Oromia Region, Ethiopia.	Shashamane	Ethiopia
country	Rengg (el. 959 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton Lucerne in Switzerland.	Rengg	Switzerland
country	Manaris (Greek: Μάναρης) is a village in Arcadia, Greece, part of the municipal unit Valtetsi.	Manaris	Greece
country	Kaloneri (previously Vrongista) is a village and the seat of the former Askio municipality in the Kozani regional unit, Greece.	Kaloneri	Greece
country	Bijacovce (Hungarian: Szepesmindszent; German Biazowitz/Betendorf) is a village and municipality in Levoča District in the Prešov Region of central-eastern Slovakia.	Bijacovce	Slovakia
country	Příbram (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpr̝̊iːbram); German: Freiberg in Böhmen, Przibram or Pribram, in the time of the German occupation (1939--1945) Pibrans) is a city in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic with a population of 35,147.	Příbram	Czech Republic
country	Jomfru Ane Gade (English: Virgin Anne's Street), in Aalborg, is possibly Denmark's most famous street.	Jomfru Ane Gade	Denmark
country	Oroton is owned by the OrotonGroup which is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and has held the license for the Polo Ralph Lauren in Australia and New Zealand for 2 decades.	Oroton	Australia
country	The Chronicle-Journal is the daily newspaper in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.	The Chronicle-Journal	Canada
country	Skjeggestad Bridge (Norwegian: Skjeggestadbrua) is the name of two parallel highway bridges on European route E18 in Holmestrand municipality, Vestfold, Norway.	Skjeggestad Bridge	Norway
country	Smallwood Academy is a k-12 school in Gambo, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Smallwood Academy	Canada
country	Yuanquan Station (Chinese: 源泉車站; Hanyu Pinyin: Yuánquán Chēzhàn; Tongyong Pinyin: Yuáncyuán Chejhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Jiji Line located in Ershui Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Yuanquan Station	Taiwan
country	Volcanoes National Park (French: Parc National des Volcans) lies in northwestern Rwanda and borders Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Mgahinga Gorilla National Park in Uganda.	Volcanoes National Park	Rwanda
country	Al Dair (Arabic: الدير‎) is a village in Bahrain on the northern coast of Muharraq Island.	Al Dair	Bahrain
country	Kigali International Airport (IATA: KGL, ICAO: HRYR), formerly known as Gregoire Kayibanda International Airport, but sometimes referred to as Kanombe International Airport, is the primary airport serving Kigali, the capital of Rwanda.	Kigali International Airport	Rwanda
country	Murça (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmuɾsɐ)) is a municipality in northern Portugal.	Murça	Portugal
country	Meaux Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Étienne de Meaux) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, in the town of Meaux, in the department of Seine-et-Marne, east of Paris.	Meaux Cathedral	France
country	Słonne (ˈswɔnnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Słonne	Poland
country	Balakot (Urdu: بالاکوٹ ‎) is a town in Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Balakot	Pakistan
country	Maline pri Štrekljevcu (pronounced (ˈmaːlinɛ pɾi ˈʃtɾeːkljɛu̯tsu)) is a small village north of Štrekljevec in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Maline pri Štrekljevcu	Slovenia
country	Lihir Group is an island group in Papua New Guinea, located north of New Ireland, at 3°S 152.583333°E. It is a part of Bismarck Archipelago.	Lihir Group	Papua New Guinea
country	The Riverbank Arena was a stadium in the Olympic Park, in Hackney Wick, London, United Kingdom, containing a water-based astroturf.	Riverbank Arena	United Kingdom
country	Aishbagh Stadium is a field hockey stadium in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Aishbagh Stadium	India
country	The Royal Guardians were a mutual benevolent society in Canada.	The Royal Guardians	Canada
country	Pitești (Romanian pronunciation: (piˈteʃtʲ)) is a city in Romania, located on the Argeș River.	Pitești	Romania
country	Agios Charalampos is a village in the Ellispontos municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, Greece.	Agios Charalampos	Greece
country	Tajik State University of Commerce is an economics university located in Dushanbe, Tajikistan.	Tajik State University of Commerce	Tajikistan
country	Magyarszombatfa (Slovene: Sobočka ves) is a village in Vas county, Hungary.	Magyarszombatfa	Hungary
country	Wallern im Burgenland (Hungarian: Valla) is a town in the northeastern part of Burgenland in Austria.	Wallern im Burgenland	Austria
country	DSV Concordia is a multi sport club in Delft that has been operating since 1885 and introduced Jan Thomée to the world when he became the leading football goal scorer for the Netherlands and played in the 1908 Summer Olympics as part of the Dutch team that took the Football Bronze.	DSV Concordia	Netherlands
country	Stellwerk Fichtengrund is a decommissioned railway signal box on the outskirts of Berlin in Oranienburg, Germany, formerly in the GDR.	Stellwerk Fichtengrund	Germany
country	The United Populars (Popolari Uniti) is a regional Centrist and Christian-democratic political party based in Basilicata, Italy.	United Populars	Italy
country	Atninsky District (Russian: Атни́нский райо́н; Tatar Cyrillic: Әтнә районы, Latin: Ətnə rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Atninsky District	Russia
country	Mount Omurga in Olympos, Turkey, is located alongside the Olympos ruins.	Mount Omurga	Turkey
country	Bashsyz (also, Bashyz) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bashsyz	Azerbaijan
country	Greensborough Highway is a highway in the north-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia, and is an important route for north-east Melbourne.	Greensborough Highway	Australia
country	Dzwola (ˈd͡zvɔla) is a village in Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dzwola	Poland
country	Groote Eylandt is the largest island in the Gulf of Carpentaria in northeastern Australia.	Groote Eylandt	Australia
country	Bafatá is a town in central Guinea-Bissau, known as the birthplace of Amílcar Cabral.	Bafatá	Guinea-Bissau
country	Dif is a settlement divided between Kenya's Wajir County and Somalia's Lower Juba region.	Dif	Kenya
country	Ypenburg Airport (Dutch: Vliegveld Ypenburg), which later became Ypenburg Air Base was an airport in the Netherlands near the city of The Hague.	Ypenburg Airport	Netherlands
country	Glil Yam (Hebrew: גְּלִיל יָם) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Glil Yam	Israel
country	České Petrovice (German: Petersdorf) is a small village in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	České Petrovice	Czech Republic
country	Dostuk (Kyrgyz: Достук) is an urban-type settlement in the Naryn District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan on the Naryn River and highway A361 about 35 km west of Naryn.	Dostuk	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Mas de Malherbes is a provençal mas and a small hotel near Aimargues, in the south of France.	Mas de Malherbes	France
country	Bulindo is a neighborhood in Kira Municipality, Kyaddondo County, Wakiso District, in the Central Region of Uganda.	Bulindo	Uganda
country	Enskedefältet is a community in Söderort, Stockholm, Sweden.	Enskedefältet	Sweden
country	Qinggang County (simplified Chinese: 青冈县; traditional Chinese: 青岡縣; pinyin: Qīnggāng Xiàn) is a county of western Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Qinggang County	People's Republic of China
country	Narast (Persian: نارست‎, also Romanized as Nārast) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Narast	Iran
country	Alta-Talvik (or Alten-Talvig in the historic Norwegian spelling) is a former municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Alta-Talvik	Norway
country	Tawa College is a coeducational school (year 9 - year 13) situated in Tawa, New Zealand, and its principal is Murray Lucas.	Tawa College	New Zealand
country	Hauhungatahi is an eroded volcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand, located about 11 kilometres (7 mi) WNW of Mount Ruapehu.	Hauhungatahi	New Zealand
country	Fajara is a coastal suburb of Bakau in the Gambia.	Fajara	Gambia
country	Holmens Cemetery (Danish: Holmens Kirkegård) is the oldest cemetery still in use in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Holmens Cemetery	Denmark
country	The Canal de Lalinde is a canal in south western France lateral to the Dordogne River.	Canal de Lalinde	France
country	Ennedi-Est Region is a region of Chad which was created in 2012 from Ennedi Region.	Ennedi-Est Region	Chad
country	Parpi (Armenian: Փարպի) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Parpi	Armenia
country	Sundhiyamau (Hindi: सुढ़ियामऊ) is a census village & village panchayat in Tehsil Ramnagar of Barabanki district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sundhiyamau	India
country	Sandoyartunnilin is a planned undersea road tunnel in the Faroe Islands.	Sandoyartunnilin	Faroe Islands
country	Chereshovska Reka (Bulgarian: Черешовска река) is a village in the municipality of Smolyan, located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria.	Chereshovska Reka	Bulgaria
country	Turukhansk (Russian: Туруха́нск) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Turukhansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located 1,474 kilometers (916 mi) north of Krasnoyarsk, at the confluence of the Yenisey and Nizhnyaya Tunguska Rivers.	Turukhansk	Russia
country	Duninów (duˈninuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Duninów	Poland
country	The Abdolabad Tomb (Persian: آرامگاه عبدل‌آباد‎) is a historical tomb of Ilkhanate era that is located in Abdolabad village at Bardaskan County.The tomb was added to the list of National Monuments of Iran As the 10908st monument.	Abdolabad Tomb	Iran
country	Keşdək (also, Geştək, Keştək, Keshdek, Keshtag, and Keshtek) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Keşdək	Azerbaijan
country	Manzuri (Persian: منظوري‎, also Romanized as Manz̧ūrī) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Manzuri	Iran
country	Saint-Pierre-la-Cour is a commune, in the Mayenne department in the north-western of France.	Saint-Pierre-la-Cour	France
country	Asociación Atlética Quimsa, usually called simply Quimsa, is a professional basketball team in Santiago del Estero, Argentina playing in the Liga Nacional de Básquet (LNB).	Quimsa	Argentina
country	Querévalo is a village and corregimiento in Alanje District, Chiriquí Province, Panama.	Querévalo	Panama
country	Sremič (pronounced (ˈsɾeːmitʃ)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of the town of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Sremič	Slovenia
country	The Burj Al Alam (English: ``World Tower'') was a proposed 108-story, 510 m (1,670 ft) hyperboloid skyscraper in the Business Bay area of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, though the project's roots are in a 101-storey design called ``Fortune 101'' and slated for the Dubai Marina area.	Burj Al Alam	United Arab Emirates
country	Rouxville is a small wool and cattle farming town in the Free State province of South Africa and is situated on the N6 national route.	Rouxville	South Africa
country	Truro (/ˈtrʊəroʊ/; Cornish: Truru) is a city and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Truro	United Kingdom
country	The La Tour-Blanche Anticline, also called Chapdeuil Anticline or Chapdeuil-La Tour-Blanche Anticline, is a tectonically caused, dome-like upwarp in the sedimentary succession of the northeastern Aquitaine Basin in France.	La Tour-Blanche Anticline	France
country	Cantarell Field or Cantarell Complex is an aging supergiant oil field in Mexico.	Cantarell Field	Mexico
country	Vélez-Rubio (Spanish: (ˈbeleðˈruβjo), locally: (ˈbɛlɛʱˈruβjo)) is a municipality in the province of Almería, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Vélez-Rubio	Spain
country	Tsui Ping Estate (Chinese: 翠屏邨) is a public housing estate in Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Tsui Ping Estate	Hong Kong
country	La Pallice (also known as grand port maritime de La Rochelle) is the commercial deep-water port of La Rochelle, France.	La Pallice	France
country	Castillo de las Escobetas (``Castle of the Nazarene'') is located 3.25 miles (5.23 km) northward of Cantal Point, in the town of Garrucha, Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Castillo de las Escobetas	Spain
country	Wolwedans Dam is a concrete dam in South Africa located on the Great Brak River near Mossel Bay, Western Cape, South Africa.	Wolwedans Dam	South Africa
country	Copperbelt Energy Corporation Plc (CEC) is a Zambian electricity generation, transmission, distribution and supply company with operations in Zambia and Nigeria.	Copperbelt Energy Corporation	Zambia
country	Faizobod District or Nohiyai Faizobod (Tajik: Ноҳияи Файзобод / Persian: ناحیۀ فیض‌آباد‎; Russian spelling: Faizabad) is a small district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, about 60 km east of Dushanbe.	Faizobod District	Tajikistan
country	Trinity Bellwoods Park is a public park located in the west end of Toronto, Canada, bordered by Queen Street West on the south and Dundas Street on the north.	Trinity Bellwoods Park	Canada
country	Dizaj-e Herik (Persian: ديزج هريك‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Herīk; also known as Dīzaj-e Arīk) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Herik	Iran
country	Marco de Canaveses (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmaɾku ðɨ kɐnɐˈvezɨʃ)) is a city and municipality of the Porto district, in northern Portugal.	Marco de Canaveses	Portugal
country	Khodutka (Russian: Ходутка), also known as Khodutkinskiye Gory (Russian: Ходуткинские Горы), is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Khodutka	Russia
country	Lake Como (Lago di Como (ˈlaːɡo di ˈkɔːmo) or locally (ˈlaːɡo di ˈkoːmo) in Italian, also known as Lario (ˈlaːrjo), after the Latin name of the lake; Lach de Comm in Lombard; Latin: Larius Lacus) is a lake of glacial origin in Lombardy, Italy.	Lake Como	Italy
country	Polykastro (Greek: Πολύκαστρο, formerly Καρασούλι, Karasoúli; Bulgarian and Macedonian: Ругуновец, Rugunovec) is a town and a former municipality in Kilkis regional unit of Central Macedonia, Greece.	Polykastro	Greece
country	The Battle of Montepeloso was fought on 3 September 1041 between Lombard-Norman rebel forces and the Byzantine Empire, near Montepeloso in southern Italy.	Battle of Montepeloso	Italy
country of citizenship	Adel Abdel-Hamid (born 1939) is the Minister of Justice of Egypt in the interim government of Hazem Al Beblawi.	Adel Abdel-Hamid	Egypt
country of citizenship	Sohail Butt (Also Known as Sohail Ahmed) (born 6 June 1966 in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan) is a former international cricketer for the United Arab Emirates.	Sohail Butt	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Dr. Eusebius Juma Mukhwana in Bungoma District, Kenya) is the past president of the African agricultural NGOs Network based in Ghana.	Eusebius Juma Mukhwana	Kenya
country of citizenship	Amaya Salazar (born 1951, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican artist known for her faceless personas that inhabit mystical and magical environments where light and the Antillean flora are present.	Amaya Salazar	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Danny Lendich is a business owner and franchise operator, having opened the first Wendy's in New Zealand in the 1980s.	Danny Lendich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexis-Xyste Bernard (December 29, 1847 -- June 17, 1923) was Bishop of St. Hyacinthe, Canada.	Alexis-Xyste Bernard	Canada
country of citizenship	Suraiya Faroqhi (b. 1941 Berlin, Germany), is a German scholar, Ottoman historian and a leading authority on Ottoman History,	Suraiya Faroqhi	Germany
country of citizenship	Chief Justice Saeeduzzaman Siddiqui (alternatively Saeed-uz-zaman Siddiqui; Urdu : سعید الزماں صدیقی; b. 1 December 1937), is a Pakistani Jurist and legislator of great prominence who formerly served as the Chief Justice of Pakistan at the Supreme Court of Pakistan.	Saeeduzzaman Siddiqui	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ana Victoria García Pérez, known as Vickiana (born July 15, 1954, in Santiago, Dominican Republic) is a singer, vedette and television presenter.	Vickiana	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Peter Elyakim Taussig was born in Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia, and grew up in Israel, where he studied with Czech pianist, Edith Kraus - a student of Artur Schnabel.	Peter Elyakim Taussig	Israel
country of citizenship	Daniel David Moses (born 18 February 1952) is a First Nations poet and playwright from Canada.	Daniel David Moses	Canada
country of citizenship	Silvia Chivás (born September 10, 1954) is a former track and field athlete from Cuba.	Silvia Chivás	Cuba
country of citizenship	Yngve Kalin (born May 2, 1950 in Växjö, Sweden) is a Swedish priest in Hyssna and one of the leaders of the traditionalist movement in the Church of Sweden.	Yngve Kalin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kai Peterson (stage name), (born March 24, 1962 née Kai-Peter Sauer in Hannover, Lower Saxony, Germany) is a German actor, voice talent, music producer, composer, lyricist and singer in the genres musical theater, Jazz, Soul and Funk.	Kai Peterson	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrew Crayford and The Kosmos have toured extensively around the United Kingdom.	Andrew Crayford	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Martin Moana (born 13 August 1973 in Huntly, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer who was an international representative and played club football in England and New Zealand.	Martin Moana	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Edvard Askeland (born 10 December 1954 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (Upright bass), known from a series of album releases in various genres and for being regular in Dag Arnesens lineups in 1970-80, and within ``Cutting Edge''.	Edvard Askeland	Norway
country of citizenship	Denis Abdulahi (born 22 May 1990 in Kosovska Mitrovica, SFR Yugoslavia) is a professional football player from Finland who currently plays for FC Viikingit.	Denis Abdulahi	Finland
country of citizenship	Zulma Yugar (born January 6, 1952 in Oruro, Bolivia) is a Bolivian politician and folk singer with international recognition and influence.	Zulma Yugar	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Hussein Akil (Arabic: حسين عقيل‎) (born 3 May 1990 in Australia) is an Australian-Lebanese footballer who last played for S.League club Woodlands Wellington.	Hussein Akil	Australia
country of citizenship	Alice Tumler (born 11 November 1978 in Innsbruck, Austria) is an Austrian television presenter.	Alice Tumler	Austria
country of citizenship	Ananda Everingham (Thai: อนันดา เอเวอริงแฮม; born 31 May 1982 in Thailand) is a Thai film actor who was born in Thailand.	Ananda Everingham	Thailand
country of citizenship	William Crabtree (1610--1644) was an astronomer, mathematician, and merchant from Broughton, then in the Hundred of Salford, Lancashire, England.	William Crabtree	England
country of citizenship	Nicolae Neacșu (1924 -- 3 September 2002) was a lăutar, an important member of the Taraf de Haïdouks, a well-known Romani (Gypsy) band from Clejani, Romania.	Nicolae Neacșu	Romania
country of citizenship	Ilia Shuke was a former footballer and coach of Albania national football team for a short spell in 1973, where he led the team in three friendlies (a victory against Finland, a loss against East Germany, and a draw against China.	Ilia Shuke	Albania
country of citizenship	Mohammad Seifzadeh (Persian: سید محمد سیف زاده‎ - born 1948) is an Iranian lawyer, a former judge, human rights activist and a cofounder of Centre for the Defence of Human Rights in Iran.	Mohammad Seifzadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Throughout his lifetime, Yuan Mei travelled extensively throughout southern China, visiting Huangshan, Guilin, Tiantai, Wuyi and other famous mountains.	Yuan Mei	China
country of citizenship	Ingólfr Arnarson (spelled with a ⟨u⟩ in Modern Icelandic: Ingólfur Arnarson (ˈiŋkoulvʏr̥ ˈartnar̥sɔn)) and his wife, Hallveig Frodesdatter, are commonly recognized as the first permanent Nordic settlers of Iceland.	Ingólfr Arnarson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Nehro Mohammed Abdul-Karim Kasnazan is an Iraqi politician who led the Iraq Assembly of National Unity (now the ((Coalition for Iraqi National Unity ))) electoral coalition.	Nehro Mohammed	Iraq
country of citizenship	Felix Abt (born 15 January 1955, Switzerland) is a business affairs specialist on North Korea and Vietnam.	Felix Abt	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dr. Maciej Konacki (MATCH-ee Konn-ATZ-kee) (born 1972 in Toruń, Poland) is a Polish astronomer, notable for his tentative discovery of HD 188753 Ab, a possible planet discovered in a three star system.	Maciej Konacki	Poland
country of citizenship	Windradyne (c. 1800 -- 21 March 1829) was an Aboriginal warrior and resistance leader of the Wiradjuri nation, in what is now central-western New South Wales, Australia; he was also known to the British settlers as Saturday.	Windradyne	Australia
country of citizenship	Dipti Saravanamuttu was born in Sri Lanka and arrived in Australia with her family in 1972.	Dipti Saravanamuttu	Australia
country of citizenship	Alan Estrada Gutiérrez (b. in Tepatitlán de Morelos, Jalisco, Mexico, December 23, 1980) is an actor, dancer and singer, known for his role as ``Mario'' in the Spanish musical Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar.	Alan Estrada	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nicky Hager (born 1958) is a New Zealand investigative journalist.	Nicky Hager	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alena Dylko (born 14 September 1988 in Kossovo, Belarus) is a Belarusian track cyclist.	Alena Dylko	Belarus
country of citizenship	John Richard Lobo, popularly known as J. R. Lobo, is an Indian politician and current MLA of Mangalore South constituency in Karnataka, India.	John Richard Lobo	India
country of citizenship	Panuwat Yimsa-ngar (Thai: พานุวัฒ ยิ้มสง่า, born January 16, 1982) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Panuwat Yimsa-ngar	Thailand
country of citizenship	Juan José Cañas (c. 1826 -- January 19, 1918) is perhaps most famous for the (allegedly joint) writing of Himno Nacional De El Salvador (national hymn of El Salvador) with Italian-born composer Juan Aberle.	Juan José Cañas	El Salvador
country of citizenship	César Luis Menotti (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsesaɾ ˈlwis meˈnoti)), known as El Flaco (``the slim one'') (born November 5, 1938 in Rosario), is an Argentine football coach and former player who, as coach, won the 1978 FIFA World Cup for Argentina.	César Luis Menotti	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tomás Pedro Regalado (born Tomás Pedro Regalado y Valdez May 24, 1947 in Havana, Cuba) is a former broadcast journalist and current mayor of Miami, Florida.	Tomás Pedro Regalado	Cuba
country of citizenship	Lassi Parkkinen was born in Varkaus, an industrial town in the southeast of Finland.	Lassi Parkkinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Luis Alberto Ferrizo (born 1951) was a member of the Congress of Uruguay starting in 1989.	Luis Alberto Ferrizo	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Theodor Peckolt (1822--1912) was a German-born naturalist, botanist, phytochemist and pharmacist who worked in Brazil from 1847 to 1912, analyzing the chemical and medicinal properties of Brazilian flora.	Theodor Peckolt	Brazil
country of citizenship	Terence Rattigan was born in 1911 in South Kensington, London, United Kingdom, of Irish Protestant extraction.	Terence Rattigan	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Owen Moncrieffe aka Fantan Mojah was born in White Hill, St Elizabeth Parish, Jamaica.	Fantan Mojah	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Kem Sitsongpeenong (Thai: เข้ม ศิษย์สองพี่น้อง; born December 16, 1984), formerly known as Khem Fairtex, is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer and the reigning Thailand and WMC Muaythai super welterweight world champion.	Kem Sitsongpeenong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Saul Alves Martins (November 1, 1917, Januária, Brazil -- December 10, 2009 Belo Horizonte) was a Brazilian anthropologist and folklorist, professor of Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG).	Saul Alves Martins	Brazil
country of citizenship	Avetis Sultan-Zade was born Avetis Mikaelian in 1889 in the Persian town of Maragheh, located in East Azerbaijan, a province in the northwestern part of the current Iran.	Avetis Sultan-Zade	Iran
country of citizenship	Jos Valentijn (born 28 March 1952) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands who specialized in the 500 m and 1000 m distances.	Jos Valentijn	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Simona Senoner (June 13, 1993 -- January 7, 2011) was a cross-country racer and ski jumper from Italy.	Simona Senoner	Italy
country of citizenship	Robert Monro (died 1680), was a famous Scottish General, from the Clan Munro of Ross-shire, Scotland.	Robert Monro	Scotland
country of citizenship	Claire Robyns (born 1968, Port Elizabeth, South Africa) is an author of historical and contemporary romances.	Claire Robyns	South Africa
country of citizenship	Badda Peter Sugandhar (B. P. Sugandhar; known as Peter) was the fifth successor of Frank Whittaker as Bishop in Medak in the Church of South India (CSI).	Peter Sugandhar	India
country of citizenship	Pieter van Dalen (born 22 March 1966) is a South African politician in the National Assembly of South Africa with the Democratic Alliance (DA).	Pieter van Dalen	South Africa
country of citizenship	Dániel Horváth (born January 25, 1996 in Győr, Hungary), is a Hungarian footballer.	Dániel Horváth	Hungary
country of citizenship	Víctor Ullate (born 9 May 1947, Zaragoza, Spain) is a dancer, choreographer and ballet director.	Víctor Ullate	Spain
country of citizenship	Augustin Ngirabatware (born 12 January 1957) is a Rwandan politician who participated in the Rwandan Genocide and has been convicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.	Augustin Ngirabatware	Rwanda
country of citizenship	Jury Sukhorukov (Ukraine: Юрій Сухоруков; born March 29, 1968) is an Olympic shooter from Ukraine.	Jury Sukhorukov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Madhupran Wolfgang Schwerk is an ultra-marathon runner, born July 28, 1955 and now living in Solingen, Germany.	Wolfgang Schwerk	Germany
country of citizenship	His father was Jean-Élie Gautier (1743--1828), a merchant in Bordeaux who was ennobled without a title by Louis XVIII of France in 1816.	Jean-Élie Gautier	France
country of citizenship	Fábio Caramuru (São Paulo Brazil, September 14, 1956) is a Brazilian pianist, composer and musical producer.	Fábio Caramuru	Brazil
country of citizenship	Hans Aslak Guttorm (15 December 1907 -- 24 March 1992 in Outakoski, Finland) was a Sámi author who wrote in Northern Sámi.	Hans Aslak Guttorm	Finland
country of citizenship	Michael Fifi'i (born 24 December 1987) is a Solomon Islands international footballer who currently plays for the Kiwi F.C..	Michael Fifi'i	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Mabel Te Aowhaitini Mangakahia (4 September 1899--23 August 1940) was a New Zealand district nurse.	Mabel Te Aowhaitini Mangakahia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Erkki Kurenniemi (born July 10, 1941 in Hämeenlinna, Finland) is a Finnish designer, philosopher and artist, best known for his electronic music compositions and the electronic instruments he has designed.	Erkki Kurenniemi	Finland
country of citizenship	Augustin de Saffray de Mésy (1598-1665) was the first Governor General of New France in 1663 after Louis XIV took over the administration of New France from the Compagnie des Cent-Associés.	Augustin de Saffray de Mésy	France
country of citizenship	Rishi Shankar (born 1934) is a Fiji Indian lawyer who was elected to the House of Representatives of Fiji.	Rishi Shankar	Fiji
country of citizenship	Paul Bonwick, PC (born October 24, 1964) is a lobbyist and former politician in Canada.	Paul Bonwick	Canada
country of citizenship	Lady Afrodita (Born July 18, 1990 in Puebla, Puebla, Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a tecnico (``Good guy'') wrestling character.	Lady Afrodita	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alessandro Patias (born 8 July 1985) is an Italian futsal player who plays as a pivot for Portuguese club Benfica and the Italy national team.	Alessandro Patias	Italy
country of citizenship	In March 1917, Vasile Lucaciu was a member of a group of exiled Romanian Habsburg subjects who were sent as a delegation to the United States to campaign for Romania's cause.	Vasile Lucaciu	Romania
country of citizenship	Born in Kenya's Keiyo District, Daniel Rono established himself with a win at the Groningen Half Marathon in a fast time of 60:14 minutes in 2002.	Daniel Rono	Kenya
country of citizenship	Virginia Patrone (born 1960 in Montevideo, Uruguay), she lived and worked in Uruguay, before moving to Spain in 2003.	Virginia Patrone	Uruguay
country of citizenship	John Boulger (born 18 June 1945 in Adelaide, South Australia) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider.	John Boulger	Australia
country of citizenship	Manuela Dalla Valle (born January 20, 1963 in Como) is a retired medley and breaststroke swimmer from Italy, who represented her native country in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984.	Manuela Dalla Valle	Italy
country of citizenship	Manis Lamond (born 14 September 1966) is a retired soccer player from Papua New Guinea.	Manis Lamond	Papua New Guinea
country of citizenship	Edvinas Dautartas (born 28 August 1987 in Raudondvaris, Lithuania) is a swimmer from Lithuania.	Edvinas Dautartas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Juan Nepomuceno Fernández Lindo y Zelaya (generally known as Juan Lindo) (16 May 1790, Tegucigalpa, Honduras -- 23 April 1857, Gracias, Honduras) was a Conservative Central American politician, president of the Republic of El Salvador from 1841 to 1842 and of the Republic of Honduras from 1847 to 1852.	Juan Lindo	Honduras
country of citizenship	Sverrir Gudnason (in Icelandic Sverrir Páll Guðnason), born 12 September 1978 in Lund, Sweden, is a Swedish actor of Icelandic origin.	Sverrir Gudnason	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jacques's oeuvre (body of work) is significantly smaller than that of his father's: according to the Bibliothèque Nationale de France's Inventaire du fonds français entry on the Lepautre family, the BNF's Cabinet des estampes et de la photographie possesses fifty-eight works attributed to Jacques Lepautre.	Jacques Lepautre	France
country of citizenship	Judi Farr (Queensland, Australia) is a much awarded Australian actress of theatre, film and television best known for several situation comedy roles on Australian television.	Judi Farr	Australia
country of citizenship	In March 2000, Klaus Luft established the Klaus Luft Foundation, which focuses on supporting young students'' causes in education, performing arts, and science, as well as partly contributing to other foundations with the same mission in Germany, India, Venezuela, and the United States.	Klaus Luft	Germany
country of citizenship	Povilas Leimonas (born 16 November 1987 in Marijampole) is a footballer from Lithuania.	Povilas Leimonas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Grant Rowe (born 1969) is a Sydney (Australia) based artist who specializes in semi-realistic/impressionistic portraits.	Grant Rowe	Australia
country of citizenship	L. Ganesan (born 24 April 1934) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	L. Ganesan	India
country of citizenship	Lesley Ann Patten is a film director, screenwriter, and producer whose first feature documentary Loyalties won the 1999 Canada Award.	Lesley Ann Patten	Canada
country of citizenship	Jürgen Moser's parents lived in Königsberg, German empire and resettled in Stralsund, East Germany as a result of the second world war.	Jürgen Moser	Germany
country of citizenship	Jeff Danchie (born 19 April 1984 in Ghana) is an English professional basketball player, and currently plays for the London Mets in the English Basketball League's first division.	Jeff Danchie	Ghana
country of citizenship	Ali Mebarki (born 28 December 1944 in Pierrefonds, Oise, France), represented Algeria in the boxing, competing at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event, unfortunately he lost in the first round.	Ali Mebarki	Algeria
country of citizenship	Lisa Bund (born Anna-Lisa Bund; 31 May 1988, in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German pop singer, songwriter, radio host, actor, and reality television star.	Lisa Bund	Germany
country of citizenship	Isabel Vericat Núñez was born in Spain to mixed nationality parents.	Isabel Vericat	Spain
country of citizenship	Michael Hight, a prominent New Zealand artist, was born in Stratford, New Zealand in 1961.	Michael Hight	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Cai Mingjie (蔡明杰, born 1952) is a Singaporean taxicab driver and former biology researcher, known for his blog, A Singapore Taxi Driver's Diary.	Cai Mingjie	Singapore
country of citizenship	Dan Alexandru Leucuță (born 1 October 1987 in Ineu, Romania) is a Romanian football player, currently playing for Şoimii Pâncota.	Alexandru Leucuță	Romania
country of citizenship	Due to his numerous ascents in the Italian Dolomites, climbing routes have been named after him (e.g. the Aste-Susatti route in the Monte Civetta, near Belluno, Italy, first ascent by Armando Aste and Fausto Susatti on 26--28 July 1954).	Armando Aste	Italy
country of citizenship	Sara Nuru (born August 19, 1989 in Erding, West Germany) is a German fashion model.	Sara Nuru	Germany
country of citizenship	Hansruedi Widmer (born 4 April 1944) is a retired speed skater from Switzerland.	Hansruedi Widmer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Gustavo Dantas (born 23 December 1974 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), is a fourth degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from Andre Pederneiras.	Gustavo Dantas	Brazil
country of citizenship	Laurent Brochard (born March 26, 1968 in Le Mans, France) is a retired professional road racing cyclist from France.	Laurent Brochard	France
country of citizenship	Petr Hrbek (born 3 April 1969 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech ice hockey player currently playing for Chemnitzer RSC in the German Regionalliga.	Petr Hrbek	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Zvi Studinski (Hebrew: צבי סטודינסקי‎), born 16 February 1927, was an Israeli footballer, who played for Maccabi Tel Aviv and for Israel.	Zvi Studinski	Israel
country of citizenship	Władysław Pasikowski (Polish pronunciation: (vwaˈdɨswaf paɕiˈkɔfskʲi); born June 14, 1959 in Łódź, Poland) is a Polish film director and screenwriter.	Władysław Pasikowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Mats Rådberg, born 8 June 1948 in Brännkyrka Parish in Stockholm, Sweden is a Swedish country singer, guitarist, composer and architect scoring several chart successes in Sweden during the 1970s and 80s.	Mats Rådberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Akhtar Rasool (born January 13, 1954) is a field hockey player, captain and Olympian from Pakistan who won the gold medal with the Men's National Hockey Team at the Hockey World Cups 1978 and again in 1982.	Akhtar Rasool	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Prabhat Prakash Shukla (born 29 March 1951) is the Ambassador of India to Russia.	Prabhat Prakash Shukla	India
country of citizenship	Belinda Lang (born 23 December 1953) is an English actress, best known in the United Kingdom for her role as Bill Porter in the long running BBC sitcom 2point4 Children (1991--1999).	Belinda Lang	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Edoff Andersson (25 July 1902 in Salem, Sweden -- 1934) was a Swedish politician and trade unionist.	Edoff Andersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Marcio Kogan (born March 6, 1952, São Paulo, Brazil) graduated from the School of Architecture and Urbanism at the University Presbiterian Mackenzie in 1976.	Marcio Kogan	Brazil
country of citizenship	Vitaly Malkin (born 16 September 1952) is a Russian-Israeli business oligarch and politician who was born in Pervouralsk near Ekaterinburg in central Russia, the administrative center of Sverdlovsk Oblast.	Vitaly Malkin	Russia
country of citizenship	Ivan Graeme Ferguson, CM (born 7 October 1929 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian filmmaker and inventor who co-invented IMAX.	Graeme Ferguson	Canada
country of citizenship	Aaron of York or Aaron fil Josce was a Jewish financier and chief rabbi of England.	Aaron of York	England
country of citizenship	Gijze Stroboer (born May 24, 1954 in Amsterdam) is a former competitive water polo player from the Netherlands, who participated in two consequentive Summer Olympics.	Gijze Stroboer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Winifred Lily Boys-Smith (7 November 1865--1 January 1939) was an English-born New Zealand science artist and lecturer, university professor, school principal.	Winifred Lily Boys-Smith	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Groon XXX (born January 11, 1980 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico) is the ring name of a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.	Groon XXX	Mexico
country of citizenship	Illya Chichkan (Ukrainian: Ілля Аркадійович Чичкан, born 1967 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a representative of the art movement ``Ukrainian New Wave'', which developed in the 1990s.	Illya Chichkan	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Louis Monier finding the idea interresting, François Bourdoncle then returned to France, tackled the problem, and found an ultra-rapid algorithm for ranking in non-predefined categories.	François Bourdoncle	France
country of citizenship	Alvina Reynolds, is a Saint Lucian politician who represents the Babonneau constituency for the Saint Lucia Labour Party.	Alvina Reynolds	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Josune Bereziartu, was born on January 19, 1972, at Lazkao, a Basque town of the province of Gipuzkoa, northern Spain.	Josune Bereziartu	Spain
country of citizenship	Jadea Kelly is a singer-songwriter from Whitby, Ontario, Canada.	Jadea Kelly	Canada
country of citizenship	Mihailo Janković (Serbian: Михаило Јанковић) was a Serbian architect who designed a few of the important structures in Serbia whilst a part of Yugoslavia.	Mihailo Janković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Narciso Ferreira (1862-1933) was a Portuguese entrepreneur in the north of Portugal (Riba d’Ave, in Vila Nova de Famalição).	Narciso Ferreira	Portugal
country of citizenship	Nan Ping (Chinese: 南萍) (1918--1989) was a People's Republic of China politician and People's Liberation Army major general.	Nan Ping	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Ansten Samuelstuen was born in Brøttum parish, in Ringsaker, Hedmark, Norway.	Ansten Samuelstuen	Norway
country of citizenship	Ravi Varman was born in a village called Poyyoundarkudikkadu near Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India.	Ravi Varman	India
country of citizenship	Upendra Kushwaha (born 2 June 1960) is an Indian politician and Minister of State in Government of India.	Upendra Kushwaha	India
country of citizenship	Kazumasa Hashimoto (born 1974 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese composer, mastering engineer and web designer.	Kazumasa Hashimoto	Japan
country of citizenship	A year later, however, Charles the Bald was in control of France and Ebbo was deposed a second time.	Ebbo	France
country of citizenship	Vasile Caciureac (born 19 October 1962 in Sighetu Marmaţiei, Romania) is a Romanian former football striker.	Vasile Caciureac	Romania
country of citizenship	Jake Epp was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) in the 1972 election for the riding of Provencher, which was the home of Atomic Energy of Canada Limited's Whiteshell Laboratories.	Jake Epp	Canada
country of citizenship	The son of Charles Didelot, the dance master of the King of Sweden, he studied dance with his father, who was an instructor in dance at the Swedish Opera, and debuted as dancer in the theatre of Bollhuset in Stockholm 1786.	Charles Didelot	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pierre Auguste Avaro (1911--??) was the foreign minister of Gabon in 1964 to 1965.	Pierre Auguste Avaro	Gabon
country of citizenship	Ivan Zajc (also Croatian: Ivan plemeniti Zajc, Italian: Giovanni di Zayitz; pronounced (ǐʋan zâjts); August 3, 1832 -- December 16, 1914), was a Croatian composer, conductor, director and teacher who for over forty years dominated Croatia's musical culture.	Ivan Zajc	Croatia
country of citizenship	Leopoldo Jaucian, Roman Catholic Bishop of Bangued in Abra (Philippines), was born on July 27, 1960 in Santa, Ilocos Sur (Philippines).	Leopoldo Jaucian	Philippines
country of citizenship	In April 2009 Ikedi Ohakim led a fourteen man delegation to Taiwan to see what lessons from that resource-poor but dynamic economy could be applied to Nigeria.	Ikedi Ohakim	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Billy Bibit (March 10, 1950 - October 25, 2009) was a Filipino retired colonel who led a series of attempted coups against former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino during the 1980s as a member of the Revolutionary Patriot Alliance (Rebolusyonaryong Alyansang Makabayan, RAM).	Billy Bibit	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ernestina Naadu Mills (née Botchway) is an educator and former First Lady of Ghana.	Ernestina Naadu Mills	Ghana
country of citizenship	Akinwunmi Ambode attended St. Jude's Primary School, Ebutte Meta, Lagos, Nigeria, from 1969-1974, where he sat for the National Common Entrance Examinations.	Akinwunmi Ambode	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Shaquille Barzey is a Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballer.	Shaquille Barzey	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country of citizenship	Rababe Arafi (born 12 January 1991) is a middle-distance runner from Morocco, who specialises in the 1500 metres.	Rababe Arafi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Freddy Homburger (8 February 1916 in Sankt Gallen, Switzerland- 25 September 2001 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a Swiss-born oncologist.	Freddy Homburger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sigurd Ømann (1923--1988) was chairman of the Socialist People's Party of Denmark in the period 1968-1974.	Sigurd Ømann	Denmark
country of citizenship	Dario Kordić (born 14 December 1960) is a Bosnian Croat former politician from HDZ BiH, military commander of the Croatian Defence Council (HVO) between 1992 and 1994, vice president of the Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia, a self-proclaimed Croat territory in Bosnia and Herzegovina and convicted war criminal.	Dario Kordić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Rachel Kolly d'Alba (born May 21, 1981 in Lausanne, Switzerland) is a Swiss violinist.	Rachel Kolly d'Alba	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Henri Eyebe Ayissi (born September 24, 1955) is a Cameroonian politician and diplomat who served in the government of Cameroon as Minister of Foreign Relations from 2007 to 2011.	Henri Eyebe Ayissi	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Dom Fra' Manuel Pinto da Fonseca (1681 -- 23 January 1773) was a Knight of the Langue of Portugal in the Order of Malta, of which he also was the 68th Prince and Grand Master from 1741 until his death.	Manuel Pinto da Fonseca	Portugal
country of citizenship	Retno Kustijah (name sometimes appears as Retno Koestijah) is a former badminton player from Indonesia who competed internationally from the early 1960s to the early 1970s.	Retno Kustijah	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Munni Baji Urdu: منی باجی of Radio Pakistan was a Pakistani artist who remained associated to the Radio Pakistan for almost 45 years and retired in 1993, but worked on contracts till 1998.	Munni Baji	Pakistan
country of citizenship	John Icha Lal (born Suva, Fiji 24 February 1933) was formerly a player, captain and coach of Fiji's National Football side.	John Icha Lal	Fiji
country of citizenship	Marcos Losekann (born January 8, 1966) is a Brazilian correspondent who is well known in Brazil for covering important international conflicts and events.	Marcos Losekann	Brazil
country of citizenship	William J. Wadsworth (died March 20, 1949) was a long serving municipal politician in Toronto, Canada.	William J. Wadsworth	Canada
country of citizenship	Valentina Dimitrova (Bulgarian: Валентина Димитрова) (born 18 July 1988 in Dobrich, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian singer who contended in the first season of the Bulgarian television series ``Music Idol''.	Valentina Dimitrova	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Moshe Arad (born August 15, 1934 in Romania) is the former ambassador from Israel to Mexico (1983--1987) and the former ambassador from Israel to the United States (1987--1990).	Moshe Arad	Israel
country of citizenship	Raghav Bahl is an Indian businessman best known for his ownership of several television channels, including TV18 India.	Raghav Bahl	India
country of citizenship	Gafatasi Su'a (born 21 January 1992) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a hooker for Counties Manukau in the ITM Cup.	Gafatasi Su'a	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maytê Piragibe (born Maytê Bernardes Rodrigues Piragibe on December 2, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress and keyboardist.	Maytê Piragibe	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bernie Wijesekara (1930 - 1 October 2014) was a senior sports journalist in Sri Lanka.	Bernie Wijesekara	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Ustad Farida Mahwash (born Farida Gulali Ayubi, Persian: فریده مهوش‎‎ in 1947, Kabul, Afghanistan) commonly referred to as Ustad Mahwash (Afghan: استاد مهوش) is a singer and voice of Afghanistan.	Mahwash	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Karl Fredrik Dahlgren (1791--1844), Swedish poet At a time when literary partisanship ran high in Sweden, and the writers divided themselves into Goths and Phosphorists, Dahlgren made himself indispensable to the Phosphorists by his polemical activity.	Karl Fredrik Dahlgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Born in Australia, Bill Strutton won a state scholarship to university at 14 but dropped out after two years to go and work in an office.	Bill Strutton	Australia
country of citizenship	Ícaro Passos de Oliveira (born June 11, 1984 in Tapes, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil), is a Brazilian footballer.	Ícaro Passos de Oliveira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Andrei Kavalenka (born 9 March 1955 in Körmend, Hungary) is a trap shooter competing for Belarus.	Andrei Kavalenka	Hungary
country of citizenship	Joe Vagana (born 21 January 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Joe Vagana	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Janet Kerdikoshvili (Georgian: ჟანეტ ქერდიყოშვილი; born 29 November 1991) is a Georgian beauty pageant titleholder.She was crowned Miss Georgia 2011 and competed at the Miss World 2011 pageant and was designated to represent Georgia at Miss Universe 2013 before she withdrew due to unexpected health problems.	Janet Kerdikoshvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Éric Charden was born in Haïphong, Vietnam, during World War II. He is from a French father (who was a port engineer in France and overseas) and a Tibetan mother.	Éric Charden	France
country of citizenship	Born and raised in Cameroon, Sokoudjou began training in judo at the age of five and was talented, winning three consecutive junior national championships from 1997-1999 in his home country.	Sokoudjou	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Born in Kuwait, Karim Nagi lived in Egypt until his father received an offer to complete his residency in England.	Karim Nagi	Egypt
country of citizenship	Sabatina James lived until her tenth year as a Muslim with her family in the city of Dhedar, Pakistan until her family moved to Linz, Austria.	Sabatina James	Austria
country of citizenship	Fabian Taylor (born 13 April 1980 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican soccer player, who currently plays striker for Harbour View.	Fabian Taylor	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Pamela Palmater (born 1970) is a Mi'kmaq lawyer, professor, activist and politician from Mi'kma'ki, New Brunswick, Canada.	Pamela Palmater	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Ottawa, Andrew Ager is one of Canada´s most prominent composers, with numerous premieres and performances each year, in Canada, Europe, and the United States.	Andrew Ager	Canada
country of citizenship	Raymond Detrez (Antwerp 1948) is Professor of East European history and cultures and modern Greek history at the University of Ghent, Belgium.	Raymond Detrez	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ossian Donner was relieved of his duties as Finnish ambassador in 1925 because of his criticism of czarist Russia during the time when Finland was an autonomous Grand Duchy under Russian rule.	Ossian Donner	Finland
country of citizenship	Margaret Forbes (c.1807--13 January 1877) was a New Zealand innkeeper and land protester.	Margaret Forbes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jack Penner is a farmer and former politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Jack Penner	Canada
country of citizenship	Hatef Esfehani was born in Isfahan (Esfahan), a central province of Iran, and most likely he died there in 1783.	Hatef Esfehani	Iran
country of citizenship	Astrid Schop (born 1 December 1965 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a former Dutch road racing cyclist.	Astrid Schop	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jan Zwartkruis (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjɑn ˈzʋɑrt.ˌkrœy̯s)) (18 February 1926 -- 7 March 2013) was the manager of the Netherlands national football team for two periods (1976--77, 1978--81), coaching the team in 28 matches, including the 1980 UEFA European Football Championship.	Jan Zwartkruis	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Rachel Mwanza is an actress from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, best known for her performance as Komona in the 2012 film Rebelle (War Witch).	Rachel Mwanza	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Per Ivar Moe (born 11 November 1944 in Lillehammer) is a former speed skater from Norway.	Per Ivar Moe	Norway
country of citizenship	Glódís Perla Viggósdóttir (born 27 June 1995) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a defender for Eskilstuna United DFF in the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Iceland national team.	Glódís Perla Viggósdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Maya Kidowaki represented Japan at the 1992 Summer Olympics in doubles with Kimiko Date and lost to Jana Novotná and Andrea Strnadová in the third round 6--3, 7--6(4).	Maya Kidowaki	Japan
country of citizenship	Jamil Rostami (born 1971 in Sanandaj, Kurdistan Province, Iran) is an Iranian film director of Kurdish origin.	Jamil Rostami	Iran
country of citizenship	Julián Rejala was born in a small town of Aregua, in the Central Department of Paraguay, called ``Kokué Guazú'', on February 16, 1907.	Julián Rejala	Paraguay
country of citizenship	José Gordon (born 1953, Mexico) is a Mexican novelist, essayist, translator and cultural journalist.	José Gordon	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alceu Valença (born July 1, 1946 in São Bento do Una, Pernambuco, Northeast Brazil) is a Brazilian composer, writer, performer, actor, and poet.	Alceu Valença	Brazil
country of citizenship	Segun Adewale was born into a royal family in Oshogbo, Nigeria.	Segun Adewale	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Joseph-Arthur Labissonnière was a politician in Quebec, Canada and an official opposition Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).	Joseph-Arthur Labissonnière	Canada
country of citizenship	Although recognized as a first-class businessman and tough negotiator, Flemming Østergaard has primarily been in charge of the turn-around and rise of F.C. Copenhagen, to its present status as one of the leading football teams in Denmark.	Flemming Østergaard	Denmark
country of citizenship	Born in Vittoriosa on 30 June 1890, Paul Boffa was educated at the Lyceum and at the University of Malta from where he graduated as a medical doctor in 1912.	Paul Boffa	Malta
country of citizenship	Joseph Joe Piccininni (1922 - September 16, 1995) was a long-serving city councillor in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Joe Piccininni	Canada
country of citizenship	Carmen Boullosa (born September 4, 1954 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a leading Mexican poet, novelist and playwright.	Carmen Boullosa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Joel Everson (born 9 March 1990) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a Lock for Southland in the ITM Cup.	Joel Everson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kai Tracid (born as Kai Franz on 17 January 1972 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a trance DJ and producer.	Kai Tracid	Germany
country of citizenship	Patricio Sebastián (Born March 3, 2003, Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican television actor.	Patricio Sebastián	Mexico
country of citizenship	Laura Cunningham was an Irish singer/journalist/stylist from Dublin, Ireland, known for her role in Irish Traditional girl group Trinití.	Laura Cunningham	Ireland
country of citizenship	Hyrbyair Marri (Urdu: حربیار مری ‎) (born 1968) is a Baloch nationalist from Balochistan, Pakistan.	Hyrbyair Marri	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Dan Craven (born 1 February 1983) is a racing cyclist from Namibia, riding for Cycling Academy Team.	Dan Craven	Namibia
country of citizenship	Vampiro won his first and only title in WCW with The Great Muta, by defeating KroniK in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on August 13, 2000.	Vampiro	Canada
country of citizenship	Amir Mirza Hekmati (Persian: امیر میرزا حکمتی‎‎) (born July 28, 1983) is a former United States Marine who was arrested in August 2011 for allegedly spying for the CIA in Iran.	Amir Mirza Hekmati	Iran
country of citizenship	Sir Dadiba Merwanji Dalal CIE (12 December 1870 - 4 March 1941) was an Indian Parsi diplomat who was the second High Commissioner for India and the first of Indian origin.	Dadiba Merwanji Dalal	India
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Lezcano (born 15 April 1982 in Esperanza (Santa Fe), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for 9 de Julio de Morteros of the Torneo Argentino B in Argentina.	Ezequiel Lezcano	Argentina
country of citizenship	Hellen Kimaiyo Kipkoskei (born September 8, 1968 in Moiben) is a retired runner from Kenya.	Hellen Kimaiyo	Kenya
country of citizenship	Ulli Wegner grew up in former East Germany and learned to box there.	Ulli Wegner	East Germany
country of citizenship	On the Hainfeld Party Convention of 1888/1889, Jakob Reumann was designated first secretary of the newly founded Social Democratic Party, which then united social democrats of the whole multinational Austrian part of Austria-Hungary.	Jakob Reumann	Austria
country of citizenship	Elisabeth Mandaba (born 7 June 1989) is a middle-distance runner from the Central African Republic.	Elisabeth Mandaba	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	As a result members of LMP's ``Dialogue for Hungary'' platform, including Rebeka Szabó, announced their decision to leave the opposition party and form a new organization.	Rebeka Szabó	Hungary
country of citizenship	Alexandru Spiridon (born 20 July 1960, in Edineț) is a professional football manager and former footballer from Moldova.	Alexandru Spiridon	Moldova
country of citizenship	Dr. Alcides Sagarra Carón (born August 18, 1936 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban sport official best known for moulding the Cuban amateur boxing team into a dominant force during his reign as national coach.	Alcides Sagarra Carón	Cuba
country of citizenship	Mohamed Nasef (Arabic: محمد ناصيف‎ ; born on 30 January 1987 in Egypt) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League team ENPPI.	Mohamed Nasef	Egypt
country of citizenship	Stole Popov (Macedonian: Столе Попов) was born 20 August 1950 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	Stole Popov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Behdad Nejatbakhshe, better known by his stage name Uppermost, is a French electronic music producer based in Paris, France.	Uppermost	France
country of citizenship	Michael Szwarc (9 June 1909, Będzin, Poland -- 4 August 2000, United States) was a British and American polymer chemist who discovered and studied ionic living polymerization.	Michael Szwarc	Poland
country of citizenship	Joseph Marie Terray (9 December 1715, Boën -- 18 February 1778) was a Controller-General of Finances during the reign of Louis XV of France, an agent of fiscal reform.	Joseph Marie Terray	France
country of citizenship	Basrizal Koto (born October 11, 1959 in Pariaman, West Sumatra) is a businessman from Indonesia; the owner of a well-known Indonesian conglomerate.	Basrizal Koto	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Maka Kotto (born December 7, 1961), is a politician of Cameroonian descent from Quebec, Canada who is a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Bourget.	Maka Kotto	Canada
country of citizenship	Svilena Kidess was born in Bulgaria on May 26, 1978 as Svilena Iassenova Ratcheva.	Svilena Kidess	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Stanisław Kociołek (3 May 1933 -- 1 October 2015), often referred to as the ``butcher of Tri-City'', was a Communist official who served as deputy prime minister of Poland for six months in 1970.	Stanisław Kociołek	Poland
country of citizenship	Master Vinayak was Born in Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India.	Master Vinayak	India
country of citizenship	On September 20, 2013, José Miguel Granadino and 13 other players of El Salvador were banned for life, the players were accused of receiving bribes such as a 0-5 defeat against Mexico in 2011 and a 2-4 loss against Paraguay on February 2013.	José Miguel Granadino	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Bakare Gbadamosi (born 1930) is a Yoruba poet, anthropologist and short story writer from Nigeria.	Bakare Gbadamosi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Five Steez is an independent underground Hip Hop artiste from Kingston, Jamaica.	Five Steez	Jamaica
country of citizenship	David Pfeffer, who is also a police officer in Duisburg, Germany, released his debut album I Mind on December 9, 2011 which entered the German charts at No.20.	David Pfeffer	Germany
country of citizenship	Djaniny received his first call-up for Cape Verde in late 2011.	Djaniny	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	The anti-military and pro-democracy, Ola Oni hails from Ekiti State southwestern Nigeria where he was born but based in Ibadan, the capital of Oyo State, Nigeria.	Ola Oni	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Marijan Brnčić (born 23 July 1940 near Crikvenica, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a former Croatian football player.	Marijan Brnčić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	At the end of the uprising, Dimitar Andonov returned in Bulgaria and again joined the military and served in his battalion.	Dimitar Andonov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	José Said (born 1930 in Arequipa, Perú) is chilean businesspeople and the founder and current head of Parque Arauco S.A., which is one of the largest real estate developers and operators of shopping malls in both Chile and Argentina.	José Said	Chile
country of citizenship	Eva Esther Hill (19 September 1898--17 April 1981) was a New Zealand doctor, medical superintendent, writer, publicist and health campaigner.	Eva Esther Hill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Omid Ghorbani (Persian: امید قربانی‎‎); is an Iranian defenderwho currently plays for the Iranian football club Saba Qom in the Iran Pro League.	Omid Ghorbani	Iran
country of citizenship	Reynaldo Chanco Flores (born November 15, 1988 in Quezon City, Philippines) better known as Jace Flores is a Filipino actor and Model in Philippines.	Jace Flores	Philippines
country of citizenship	Daniel Ruczko (born 3 July 1982 in Bremen, Germany) is an internationally known artist.	Daniel Ruczko	Germany
country of citizenship	Azriel Páez (born May 28, 1989 in San Luis Rio Colorado, Sonora, Mexico) an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division.	Azriel Páez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Hanno Höfer (born July 8, 1967 in Timişoara, Romania) is a German-Romanian movie director, producer and musician.	Hanno Höfer	Romania
country of citizenship	Pietro Cussida, Pietro Cuside or Pedro Cossida (died October 1622) was a Spanish diplomat in the service of Philip III of Spain and his successor, Philip IV. He was an art collector and patron, known for his patronage of Caravaggisti artists, including Jusepe de Ribera and Dirck van Baburen.	Pietro Cussida	Spain
country of citizenship	Warnakulasurya Wadumestrige Devasritha Valence Mendis (born May 21, 1958 Koralawella, Sri Lanka) is the current Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw since 2006.	Warnakulasurya Wadumestrige Devasritha Valence Mendis	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Alhaji Abubakar Barde (1938 - 17 June 2002) was Governor of Gongola State, Nigeria between October 1979 and September 1983 during the Nigerian Second Republic.	Abubakar Barde	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Abdeslam Ouaddou (Arabic: عبدالسلام وادو‎) (born November 1, 1978 in Alnif, Morocco) is a Moroccan footballer.	Abdeslam Ouaddou	Morocco
country of citizenship	Ryoji Nakata (中田 亮二, born November 3, 1987 in Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball first baseman for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Ryoji Nakata	Japan
country of citizenship	Thomas Houston (c1777-1803), although born in Ireland, was considered a Tyneside poet/songwriter.	Thomas Houston	Ireland
country of citizenship	Alain Haché (born 14 December 1970, in Tracadie, New Brunswick) is an experimental physicist, a professor at the University of Moncton, Canada.	Alain Haché	Canada
country of citizenship	Sarmīte Ēlerte (born 8 April 1957, Riga, Latvian SSR) is a Latvian politician, member of the Unity party and former Minister of Culture of Latvia from 3 November 2010 until 25 October 2011.	Sarmīte Ēlerte	Latvia
country of citizenship	Rubens Paiva (December 26, 1929 -- January 1971) was a Brazilian civil engineer and politician who became a victim of torture and forced disappearance during the military dictatorship in Brazil.	Rubens Paiva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Reuven Feuerstein was one of nine siblings born in Botoșani, Romania (August 21, 1921).	Reuven Feuerstein	Romania
country of citizenship	Sawsan Badr (Arabic: سوسن بدر‎) (nicknamed: Egypt's Cinema's Nefertiti) (born ٍSeptember 25, 1957) is an Egyptian actress of film, stage and television.	Sawsan Badr	Egypt
country of citizenship	Joseph Szydlowski (originally Józef Szydłowski; November 21, 1896, Skryhiczyn (in Chełm County, Poland), -- July 16, 1988 in Israel), was a Polish-Israeli aircraft engine designer who founded Turbomeca in France.	Joseph Szydlowski	France
country of citizenship	Knut Tarald Taraldsen (born 23 March 1948, in Oslo) is a Norwegian linguist working in Tromsø, Norway as a senior researcher at the Center for Advanced Study in Theoretical Linguistics (CASTL).	Knut Tarald Taraldsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Harold Bedoya Pizarro (born December 30, 1938 in Cali, Colombia) is a former General and Commander of the Colombian National Army.	Harold Bedoya Pizarro	Colombia
country of citizenship	Andrey Klimov (born July 26, 1982 in Klimovsk, Russia) is a Russian professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the current National Russian Lightweight Champion.	Andrey Klimov	Russia
country of citizenship	Helmut Brenner (1 January 1957 in Mürzzuschlag, Austria) is an Austrian ethnomusicologist .	Helmut Brenner	Austria
country of citizenship	Ahmed El-Leithy (born 1945) was appointed Minister of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of Egypt in Nazif's first Cabinet in 2004.	Ahmed El-Leithy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Jean-Efflam Bavouzet (born 1962 in Lannion, France) is a French classical pianist.	Jean-Efflam Bavouzet	France
country of citizenship	Victor Diaz Lamich (born in 1966, Chile) is a photojournalist, first known for his work with The Canadian Press.	Victor Diaz Lamich	Chile
country of citizenship	Alejandro Vanoli (born April 10, 1961) is an Argentine economist and public official, He was the former President of the Central Bank of Argentina.	Alejandro Vanoli	Argentina
country of citizenship	Nils Per Imerslund (9 May 1912 -- 7 December 1943), born in Kristiania, Norway, was one of the most prominent figures of the national socialist scene in pre-World War II Norway.	Per Imerslund	Norway
country of citizenship	Alberto Saichann is a comic book artist and penciller born in Argentina.	Alberto Saichann	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sterjo Spasse was born in 1914 in Gollomboç, Liqenas Municipality, Korçë District, Albania, of Macedonian descent.	Sterjo Spasse	Albania
country of citizenship	Frédéric Borel is a French architect, born in 1959 in Roanne (France).	Frédéric Borel	France
country of citizenship	Born in Trinidad and raised in Edmonton, Alberta, Roger Mooking is currently the host of the television series ``Man Fire Food'' and is the Host and co-creator of Everyday Exotic, both airing on the Cooking Channel and Food Network Canada.	Roger Mooking	Canada
country of citizenship	Jeremy Corbett (born in Westport, New Zealand) is a radio and television host and comedian from New Zealand.	Jeremy Corbett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dheena Chandra Dhas (born in Madras (now Chennai), India on August 1, 1956) is an actor, singer and sound engineer.	Dheena Chandra Dhas	India
country of citizenship	Zenonas Petrauskas (June 22, 1950 -- January 18, 2009) was a Lithuanian lawyer and deputy foreign minister of Lithuania (2004--2006).	Zenonas Petrauskas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Nadine Leopold grew up in Austria where she was scouted at age 16.	Nadine Leopold	Austria
country of citizenship	Anas Osama Mahmoud represented Egypt in the 2012 FIBA Under-17 World Championship.	Anas Osama Mahmoud	Egypt
country of citizenship	John McQuilliam (born 3 August 1962) is a Formula One car designer from England.	John McQuilliam	England
country of citizenship	Andre Heimgartner (born 8 June 1995) is a racing driver from Auckland, New Zealand currently competing in the V8 Supercars Championship for Super Black Racing.	Andre Heimgartner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zebastian Lucky Luisi (born 22 December 1984 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player who has competed in the Auckland Rugby League competition, his most recent club being the Howick Hornets.	Zebastian Lucky Luisi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Colonel Paul Manueli is a former Commander of the Royal Fiji Military Forces, a former Fiji Cabinet minister, Senator and successful businessman.	Paul Manueli	Fiji
country of citizenship	Kay Gregory is a journalist and former presenter at Television New Zealand.	Kay Gregory	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stan Zemanek (29 May 1947 -- 12 July 2007) was an Australian radio broadcaster who presented a popular night time show on 2UE Sydney and which was networked across parts of Australia via Southern Cross.	Stan Zemanek	Australia
country of citizenship	Although Ellie Goulding signed to Polydor Records in July 2009, her debut single, ``Under the Sheets'', was released through the independent label Neon Gold Records as a deliberately low-key debut, appearing digitally in the United Kingdom on 15 November 2009.	Ellie Goulding	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Aert Schouman or Aart Schouman (4 March 1710 - 7 May 1792) was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Aert Schouman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Menaye Donkor (born 20 March 1981) is a Canadian-born Ghanaian businesswoman, entrepreneur, philanthropist, and former beauty queen who was named Miss Universe Ghana 2004, and represented Ghana in Miss Universe 2004, and got a fast track to the quarter-finals.	Menaye Donkor	Ghana
country of citizenship	Akhtar Mohiuddin (born in Chaman, Pakistan), is the head coach of Pakistan national football team.	Akhtar Mohiuddin	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sis Ram Ola (30 July 1927 -- 15 December 2013) was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.	Sis Ram Ola	India
country of citizenship	Recha Sternbuch was the wife of Yitzchak Sternbuch, a businessman in Montreux, Switzerland.	Recha Sternbuch	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Nejat Alp (born 1952,in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish musician who plays synth-driven Turkish ambient folk.	Nejat Alp	Turkey
country of citizenship	Samuel Dyer 台約爾 (20 February 1804 -- 24 October 1843), was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China in the Congregationalist tradition, who worked among the Chinese in Malaysia.	Samuel Dyer	Malaysia
country of citizenship	In 2012, the Writers' Trust of Canada awarded Paul Yee the Vicky Metcalf Award for Literature for Young People in recognition of having ``contributed uniquely and powerfully to our literary landscape over a writing career that spans almost 30 years''.	Paul Yee	Canada
country of citizenship	Dr. Moses Odaro holds the degrees of BSc Hons (Econs) from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka (1965), M.A.(Econs) from McGill University in Montreal, Canada (1968), and PhD (Econs) from the University of Ottawa, also in Canada (1971).	Moses Odaro	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Born in Genoa, Emilio Caprile was the youngest player on Italy's 1950 World Cup team, but one of four players who didn't see any action.	Emilio Caprile	Italy
country of citizenship	Tatiana Panina Shishkova (born 20 December 1969) is a former road cyclist from Moldova, as of 2008 she is from Russia and since 2010 she is representing Belarus.	Tatiana Panina	Belarus
country of citizenship	Povilas Aksomaitis (b. March 29, 1938 in Kaunas -- d. August 23, 2004) was a Lithuanian engineer, politician, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.	Povilas Aksomaitis	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Eduardo Barrón was born in a village in Colonial Cuba and his family moved to Spain towards the turn of the century, settling in Madrid.	Eduardo Barrón	Spain
country of citizenship	Darren McDonald is an Australian news anchor known for his work on Australia's Seven Network and New Zealand's TV3.	Darren McDonald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Shalulile (born 23 March 1993) is a Namibian footballer who plays as a left-back for Tura Magic (The Magicians) football club in the Namibia Premier League and Namibia's national U/20 soccer team.	Peter Shalulile	Namibia
country of citizenship	Anders Nilsen Wiborg (c. 1655 -- 1718) was the fourth commander of the Christiansfjell Fortress in Norway.	Anders Nilsen Wiborg	Norway
country of citizenship	Raja Sayyid Muhammad Baquar Ali Khan (1842-1902) C.I.E., the Mir of Kotaha and the Raja of Pindriwal was a noted zamindar and philanthropist from Pindrawal in North-West Frontier Province of British India	Muhammad Baquar Ali Khan	India
country of citizenship	Berthe-Evelyne Agbo is a writer from Benin who has published poems in French.	Berthe-Evelyne Agbo	Benin
country of citizenship	Muhaimin Iskandar (born in Jombang, East Java, 24 September 1966) has been the Minister of Manpower and Transmigration of the Republic of Indonesia since 22 October 2009.	Muhaimin Iskandar	Indonesia
country of citizenship	The Official Papuan Collection, National Museum of Australia, over 3,000 items collected by Sir Hubert Murray for the Australian Territory of Papua, between 1907 and 1933, held in the National Museum of Australia.	Hubert Murray	Australia
country of citizenship	A fan of Thoroughbred horse racing, Sir Victor Sassoon owned a highly successful stable of horses that won numerous prestigious races in the United Kingdom.	Victor Sassoon	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Dr. Victor Omololu Olunloyo (born 1935) is a mathematician who became governor of Oyo State in Nigeria in October 1983, holding the office briefly until the military regime of Muhammadu Buhari took power in December 1983.	Victor Omololu Olunloyo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Fritz Aanes (born July 20, 1978) is a Greco-Roman wrestler from Narvik, Norway.	Fritz Aanes	Norway
country of citizenship	Laszlo Witt (born April, 1933 in Budapest, Hungary, died December 27, 2005 in Toronto, Canada) was a Hungarian-Canadian International Master of chess.	Laszlo Witt	Hungary
country of citizenship	Arash Afshin (Persian: آرش افشین‎‎, born January 21, 1989) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Malavan in the Iran Pro League.	Arash Afshin	Iran
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Antonicelli (1897 - 10 March 1980) was an Italian conductor who was highly active with Italy's leading opera houses from the 1920s through the 1950s.	Giuseppe Antonicelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Amrolah Saberi (Persian: امراله صابری ‎, born 1941 in Tonekabon, Iran) is an Iranian actor.	Amrolah Saberi	Iran
country of citizenship	Brandon O'Neill (born 12 April 1994 in Perth, Australia) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a defensive midfielder who plays for Australian A-League club Sydney FC.	Brandon O'Neill	Australia
country of citizenship	Tadhg Murphy (born 1956 in Glanmire, County Cork, Ireland) is an Irish former sportsperson.	Tadhg Murphy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Suchon Sa-nguandee (Thai: สุชนม์ สงวนดี; born March 10 1982) or formerly Chalakorn Sa-nguandee (Thai: ชลากร สงวนดี ) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Suchon Sa-nguandee	Thailand
country of citizenship	Alejandro Cao de Benós de Les y Pérez (born 1974) is, according to himself, the Spanish Special Delegate of North Korea's Committee for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries.	Alejandro Cao de Benós de Les y Pérez	North Korea
country of citizenship	Sandra Gugliotta (born July 13, 1969, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine film director, screenplay writer, and producer.	Sandra Gugliotta	Argentina
country of citizenship	Mario René Díaz Leyva (born in Holguín, Cuba, April 13, 1951) is a Cuban photographer.	Mario René Díaz Leyva	Cuba
country of citizenship	Marie Bregendahl née Sørensen (6 November 1867 -- 22 July 1940) was one of Denmark's most acclaimed authors of rural literature whose novels and short stories were written in a realistic, almost grotesque style.	Marie Bregendahl	Denmark
country of citizenship	Peter Borlase (born 22 May 1985) is New Zealand rugby union player.	Peter Borlase	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eberhard Zangger (born in 1958, Kamen, Germany) is a Swiss geoarchaeologist, corporate communications consultant and publicist.	Eberhard Zangger	Germany
country of citizenship	Francisco de Pando y Armand (1900-1977) was a sugar estate owner in Cuba known for his influential leadership in the Cuban sugar industry.	Francisco de Pando y Armand	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ali Tanrıyar (born 15 March 1914 in Eleftheroupoli, Greece) is a Turkish politician, former interior minister of Turkey and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray.	Ali Tanrıyar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Annie Patterson was born in Lurgan, County Armagh, Ireland, and was related through her mother's family to Lord Macaulay.	Annie Patterson	Ireland
country of citizenship	Eva Irgl was born in Šempeter near Nova Gorica in western Slovenia, then part of former Yugoslavia.	Eva Irgl	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Hein Zar Aung (Burmese: ဟိန်းရာဇာအောင် born 28 June 1990) is a footballer from Myanmar.	Hein Zar Aung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Sanee Rohana Kodithuvakku (born 15 February 1961) is a Sri Lankan politician and member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Sanee Rohana Kodithuvakku	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Ash Nair's debut album, titled Chameleon, consists of ten tracks, two in Bahasa Malaysia and the rest in English.	Ash Nair	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Deji Afolabi Ayanleke was the acting Military Governor of Kwara State from 1988 to 1990, during the military regime of Major General Ibrahim Babangida in the Nigeria government.	Deji Afolabi Ayanleke	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Radovan Jelašić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Јелашић, Hungarian: Jelasity Radován; born 19 February 1968 in Baja, Hungary) is a Serbian economist who was the Governor of the National Bank of Serbia from 2004 to 2010.	Radovan Jelašić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Samir Mammadov (Azerbaijani: Samir Məmmədov; born May 15, 1988) is a boxer from Azerbaijan, who won the silver medal in the men's flyweight division (-- 51 kg) at the 2006 European Championships in Bulgaria and bronze at the 2007 World Championships.	Samir Mammadov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Jorge Galván (born April 1966 in Mexico City) is a Mexican writer and engineer.	Jorge Galván	Mexico
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Ikushi (1146--1173) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Ikushi	Japan
country of citizenship	Margus Reinsalu (born 20 November 1960) is an Estonian entrepreneur and the Moroccan honorary consul in Estonia.	Margus Reinsalu	Estonia
country of citizenship	Itumeleng Sekwale (born 5 January 1983 in Mohlakeng, South Africa) is a South African soccer player.	Itumeleng Sekwale	South Africa
country of citizenship	Alexander Vargas Blay, better known as Alex Vargas, is a singer, songwriter and producer born in Holte, Denmark on 17 February 1988 to a Danish/English mother and Uruguayan father.	Alex Vargas	Denmark
country of citizenship	Robert Carlsson (born July 2, 1974 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a retired ice hockey forward who played eleven seasons for the Timrå IK, the last eight of them in the Swedish Elitserien league.	Robert Carlsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Metin Boşnak has a BA in TEFL from College of Education, 19 Mayıs University, Samsun,Turkey.	Metin Boşnak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Joanne Kelly was born in Bay d'Espoir, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Joanne Kelly	Canada
country of citizenship	Oleg Yesayan (Armenian: Օլեգ Եսայան; born 12 November 1946) is an Armenian politician and diplomat and is the current Ambassador of Armenia to Russia, presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 5 February 2010.	Oleg Yesayan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Michael Cutajar (born 14 February 1971, Malta) was a professional footballer who played for Rabat Ajax, Birkirkara, Marsaxlokk, Marsa and Dingli Swallows.	Michael Cutajar	Malta
country of citizenship	Eric Hawthorne (born 1963) is a Scottish-born software developer living in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	Eric Hawthorne	Canada
country of citizenship	Tabatha Cash (born December 27, 1973) is the stage name of a French former pornographic actress and currently the editor in chief of France's Hot Video magazine as well as the head of the Hot Video group.	Tabatha Cash	France
country of citizenship	Artem Radchenko (Ukrainian: Артем Олегович Радченко; born 2 January 1995 in Kharkiv, in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.	Artem Radchenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Adolf Klose (1844--1923) was the chief engineer of the Royal Württemberg State Railways in southern Germany from June 1885 to 1896.	Adolf Klose	Germany
country of citizenship	Ernesto Marcel (born 23 May 1948, in Panama City, Panama) is a retired Panamanian boxer.	Ernesto Marcel	Panama
country of citizenship	Frank País Pesqueira (December 7, 1934 -- July 30, 1957) was a Cuban revolutionary who campaigned for the overthrow of General Fulgencio Batista's government in Cuba.	Frank País	Cuba
country of citizenship	Prior to acting, Ganesh Venkatraman was a successful model and had been a winner of Gladrags Mr. India 2003 and been a representative for India in Mr. World 2004.	Ganesh Venkatraman	India
country of citizenship	Kunchacko was born to Mani Chacko Maliampurackal and Eliyamma in Pulinkunnoo, Alappuzha, Kerala, India in 1912.	Kunchacko	India
country of citizenship	Eskil Rønningsbakken (born 24 June 1979) is an extreme artist from Vallset in Stange, Norway.	Eskil Rønningsbakken	Norway
country of citizenship	Max Meazza(born Milan, Italy 19 May 1952) is a singer/songwriter and recording artist for Polydor Records and Ariola Records APPALOOSA Records Meazza is a former member of the country rock band PUEBLO, which was produced by La Bionda.	Max Meazza	Italy
country of citizenship	Zuhal Sultan (Arabic: زحل سلطان‎; born 1991 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi pianist and activist.	Zuhal Sultan	Iraq
country of citizenship	Eulogia Echaurren García-Huidobro (1830--1887) was First Lady of Chile and the wife of President Federico Errázuriz Zañartu.	Eulogia Echaurren	Chile
country of citizenship	Puran Chand Joshi (Hindi: पूरन चन्द जोशी) (born 14 April 1907, Almora -- died 9 November 1980, Delhi), one of the early leaders of the communist movement in India.	Puran Chand Joshi	India
country of citizenship	Ralph Tate (11 March 1840 -- 20 September 1901) was a British-born botanist and geologist, who was later active in Australia.	Ralph Tate	Australia
country of citizenship	In Norway, the name Bjarte Flem has become eponymous for a goalkeeper making a huge mistake.	Bjarte Flem	Norway
country of citizenship	Heidi Andersson (born 27 February 1981, in the locality of Ensamheten (English: ``Solitude''), Storuman, Sweden) is a Swedish armwrestler.	Heidi Andersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Devyani Rana was the prospective fiancée of the Crown Prince Dipendra of Nepal.	Devyani Rana	Nepal
country of citizenship	Shamsuddin Abul Kalam (Bengali: শামসুদ্দিন আবুল কালাম; 1926--1997), was an actor and an author of Bengali literature in Bangladesh.	Shamsuddin Abul Kalam	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Adela Navarro Bello (born 1968 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican journalist and the general director of the Tijuana weekly magazine Zeta.	Adela Navarro Bello	Mexico
country of citizenship	Klaus Klaffenböck (born 24 July 1968 in Peuerbach, Austria) is an Austrian World Champion in the FIM World Sidecar Championship, and former team-principal of Klaffi Honda World Superbike squad running Alex Barros, Frankie Chili and Max Neukirchner.	Klaus Klaffenböck	Austria
country of citizenship	Attar Singh Saini is a cinematographer based in Mumbai, India.	Attar Singh Saini	India
country of citizenship	Savannah King (born June 4, 1992) is a competition swimmer from Canada, who competes primarily in the freestyle events.	Savannah King	Canada
country of citizenship	Juan Nepomucino Goetz (German: Johannes Nepomuk Goetz) was an Austrian Catholic priest whose arrival in Cuba led to two extraordinary controversies.	Juan Nepomucino Goetz	Cuba
country of citizenship	Nicolas Florine, born Nikolay Florin (19 July 1891 -- 21 January 1972), was an engineer that built the first tandem rotor helicopter to fly freely in Belgium in 1933.	Nicolas Florine	Belgium
country of citizenship	But all the while they are being stalked by an insane mass hysteria that sees them as outsiders C K Meena takes the readers on a roller coaster ride through the love and hate, gentleness and brutality that is metropolitan India.	C K Meena	India
country of citizenship	Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil was born in Sangli, Maharashtra, India on 2nd Nov.1971 in a family of musicians.	Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil	India
country of citizenship	Jukka Setälä (born 24 February 1967, Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish designer.	Jukka Setälä	Finland
country of citizenship	Federica Sallusto (born 27 November 1961 in Naples, Italy) is an Italian biologist and immunologist.	Federica Sallusto	Italy
country of citizenship	Rossana Reguillo is the daughter of a chiapaneca woman and a republican, communist madrileño who claimed refugee status in Mexico.	Rossana Reguillo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Yuh Myung-woo (Hangul: 유명우, Hanja: 柳明佑) (born January 10, 1964 in Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean former 2-time WBA light flyweight boxing champion.	Yuh Myung-woo	South Korea
country of citizenship	William Kamm, also known as The Little Pebble (born 1950 in Cologne, Germany), is the leader of a religious group in Australia and is currently serving a prison term after being convicted of the rape and assault of a teenager in 1993.	William Kamm	Germany
country of citizenship	Seizing Koumbi Saleh, the capital of the recently defunct Ghana Empire, Soumaoro Kanté proceeded to conquer several neighboring states, including the Mandinka people in what is now Mali.	Soumaoro Kanté	Mali
country of citizenship	Music Director of Orchestra London Canada, l’Orchestre Symphonique de Laval, as well as Principal Guest Conductor of the Victoria Symphony Orchestra, Alain Trudel is one of the most sought after conductors on the Canadian Scene.	Alain Trudel	Canada
country of citizenship	Véronic DiCaire (born in Embrun, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian Franco-Ontarian singer and impressionist.	Véronic DiCaire	Canada
country of citizenship	Ovidiu Iuliu Moldovan died of cancer at the age of 66 at a hospital in Bucharest, Romania, on March 12, 2008.	Ovidiu Iuliu Moldovan	Romania
country of citizenship	Luiz Carlos Dórea Barreto (born March 7, 1965) is a boxing and mixed martial arts trainer from Brazil and is also a retired boxer.	Luiz Carlos Dórea	Brazil
country of citizenship	Tang Kwong Hau (Chinese: 鄧廣豪; Jyutping: dang6 gwong2 hou4; born 9 September 1969) is a Hong Kong fencer.	Tang Kwong Hau	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Aizaz bin Ilyas Cheema known as Aizaz Cheema (born 5 September 1979 in Sargodha) is an international cricketer from Pakistan.	Aizaz Cheema	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Prashant Thakur started studying civil engineering but didn't continue after second year (bachelor's degree in engineering takes at least 4 years in India).	Prashant Thakur	India
country of citizenship	Noël Juchereau, Sieur des Chatelets (30 August 1593 - about 31 July 1648) was an early pioneer in New France (now Québec, Canada), and a member of the Company of One Hundred Associates.	Noël Juchereau	France
country of citizenship	Mohamed Guezzaz (Arabic: محمد كزاز‎) (born October 1, 1962) is a retired football (soccer) referee from Morocco, best known for supervising match Spain--	Mohamed Guezzaz	Morocco
country of citizenship	Commins Menapi (born 18 September 1977) is a Solomon Islands striker, who is currently a Marist FC player.	Commins Menapi	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Hilda Sehested was born in Funen, Denmark, of parents Niels Frederik Bernhard Sehested (1813--82), an archeologist, and Charlotte Christine Linde (1819--94).	Hilda Sehested	Denmark
country of citizenship	Ali Joego (Soewandi Spelling Ali Jugo; Perfected Spelling: Ali Yugo; 17 March 1907 -- 18 February 1970) was a stage and film actor and director active in the Dutch East Indies and Indonesia.	Ali Joego	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Taavi Varm studied at the Tallinn Art Gymnasium (Estonia) in 1991-1997.	Taavi Varm	Estonia
country of citizenship	Mark Dornford-May (born 29 September 1955) is an English theatre and film director, now based in South Africa.	Mark Dornford-May	South Africa
country of citizenship	Myrna Braza (born 3 November 1983 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, composer, and the younger sister of dancer and singer Belinda Braza.	Myrna Braza	Norway
country of citizenship	Henryk Lipp is a well-known Swedish musician, songwriter and music producer from Gothenburg, Sweden.	Henryk Lipp	Sweden
country of citizenship	Emperor Magus Caligula (Magnus ``Masse'' Broberg; born 23 May 1973 in Ludvika, Sweden) is an extreme metal musician best known as the former vocalist, bassist and lyricist of Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral, performing for the band between 1996 and 2010.	Emperor Magus Caligula	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tanit Jitnukul (Thai: ธนิตย์ จิตนุกูล, born in 1956 in Songkhla Province, Thailand) is a Thai film director, screenwriter and producer.	Tanit Jitnukul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Thamer Nayef al-Hathal (b. ~1973) is, as of 2004, the mayor of the town of Nukhayb, Al Anbar Province, Iraq.	Thamer Nayef al-Hathal	Iraq
country of citizenship	Jaime Roldós Aguilera (November 5, 1940 -- May 24, 1981) was President of Ecuador from August 10, 1979 until his death on May 24, 1981.	Jaime Roldós Aguilera	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Merata Mita, CNZM (19 June 1942 -- 31 May 2010) was a significant filmmaker in New Zealand as well as a key figure in the growth of the Māori screen industry.	Merata Mita	New Zealand
country of citizenship	General Salvador Castaneda Castro (6 August 1888 - 5 March 1965) was President of El Salvador from 1 March 1945 to 14 December 1948.	Salvador Castaneda Castro	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Vernon Corea (11 September 1927 -- 23 September 2002) was a pioneer radio broadcaster with 45 years of public service broadcasting both in Sri Lanka and the UK.	Vernon Corea	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Ram Shanker Vijaya Mogan (born 17 June 1985 in Singapore) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Balestier Khalsa Football Club.	Ram Shanker	Singapore
country of citizenship	Fathur Rahman al-Ghozi (17 February 1971 in Indonesia -- October 2003 in the Philippines) was a key operative and bomb-maker of the Islamic militant Jemaah Islamiya group (JI).	Fathur Rahman al-Ghozi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Sergio Amidei (30 October 1904 -- 14 April 1981) was an Italian screenwriter and an important figure in Italy's neorealist movement.	Sergio Amidei	Italy
country of citizenship	Didier Ruef (born 1961) is a Swiss documentary photographer best known for his portrayal of Man & Waste, Man & Animals, Africa and Switzerland.	Didier Ruef	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Gilbert Fiamenyo is a football player for Heart of Lions of the Ghana Premier League.	Gilbert Fiamenyo	Ghana
country of citizenship	Frans Hemerijckx (1902-1969) was a Flemish leprologist, humanist and the founder of the Damien Foundation in Belgium, a non profit non governmental organization engaged in providing treatment and rehabilitation services to people afflicted with leprosy.	Frans Hemerijckx	Belgium
country of citizenship	Frank Wormuth (born 13 September 1960 in West Berlin) is a former German footballer who is now coach of the Germany U-20 team.	Frank Wormuth	Germany
country of citizenship	Mario Fargetta (born 19 July 1962, Lissone, Milan, Italy) is an Italian dance/house/electronica/techno DJ, producer, recording artist, composer, and remixer.	Fargetta	Italy
country of citizenship	Alexandre Allard (born 11 October 1969 in Washington, D.C.) is a French businessman known for the creation and the sale of Consodata and the restoration of the legendary Palace-Hotel Royal Monceau in Paris, France.	Alexandre Allard	France
country of citizenship	Jean de Joinville (c. May 1, 1224 -- 24 December 1317) was one of the great chroniclers of medieval France.	Jean de Joinville	France
country of citizenship	Stuart Meha (29 December 1878 --7 November 1963) was a New Zealand farmer and local Mormon leader.	Stuart Meha	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joey Matenga Ashton (3 June 1907--8 November 1993) was a New Zealand railway worker, sportsman, dance band leader.	Joey Matenga Ashton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	He was born in Bertie Township in Welland County, Upper Canada in 1832, the son of Jacob Baxter, former reeve of Bertie.	Jacob Baxter	Canada
country of citizenship	Michael Galvin is a New Zealand actor, singer and playwright, well known for his role as Dr. Chris Warner on the soap opera Shortland Street, a character he has played almost continuously since the show's debut in 1992, and remains the only original cast member.	Michael Galvin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Betty Lise (born 5 September 1972 in Fort de France, Martinique) is a retired French triple jumper.	Betty Lise	France
country of citizenship	Eja (born Siti Shahrizah bt Saifuddin on 18 January 1972 at Kuala Kubu Baru, Selangor, Malaysia) is a Malaysian actress of television and film.	Eja	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Together with Friedrich von Borries Matthias Böttger was 2008 the general commissioner and curator for the German contribution `` Updating Germany - 100 Projects for a Better Future'' to the XI. International Venice Biennale of Architecture.	Matthias Böttger	Germany
country of citizenship	Hugo Rafael Soto (born 16 August 1967 in Catamarca, Argentina) is a former professional boxer.	Hugo Rafael Soto	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kaleb ``K.One'' Vitale is a New Zealand rapper, currently signed to Illegal Musik.	K.One	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Justice E. N. P. Sowah was the Chief Justice of Ghana from 1986 to 1990.	E. N. P. Sowah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Lorne Lofsky is a jazz guitarist in Toronto, Canada.	Lorne Lofsky	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohamed Ibrahim Mostafa (Arabic: محمد إبراهيم مصطفى ‎, other transliterations include: Mohammad, Muhammad, Ibraheem, Mustafa, Mustapha) (born 2 July 1979 in Alexandria, Egypt) is an Egyptian Internet activist and IT consultant with an interest in political reform, human rights and social media.	Mohamed Ibrahim Mostafa	Egypt
country of citizenship	Kaisha Atakhanova (born 18 July 1957 ) is a biologist from Karaganda, Kazakhstan, specializing in the genetic effects of nuclear radiation.	Kaisha Atakhanova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Johann George Tromlitz (November 8, 1725 -- February 4, 1805), born at Reinsdorf, near Artern, Germany, was a flautist, flute maker and composer.	Johann George Tromlitz	Germany
country of citizenship	Íñigo Rey (born May 19, 1984 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Irapuato in the Ascenso MX league in Mexico.	Íñigo Rey	Mexico
country of citizenship	Christian Hellmich was born in 1977 in Düsseldorf, Germany and is among the latest wave of young German artists to make their mark on the New York art scene.	Christian Hellmich	Germany
country of citizenship	Alexander Binder (* 1969 in Bad Ischl, Upper Austria) is an Austrian film director, cameraman and film producer.	Alexander Binder	Austria
country of citizenship	Jean de La Forêt departed together with the returning Ottoman embassy to France.	Jean de La Forêt	France
country of citizenship	Júlio Silva (born on 1 July 1979) is a professional tennis player from Brazil who turned professional in 1999.	Júlio Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Petri Purho (born 1983 in Kouvola, Finland ) is a Finnish computing science student and rapid game prototyper.	Petri Purho	Finland
country of citizenship	Füsun Önal (March. 11. 1947-Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish pop music singer, theatre actress, and writer.	Füsun Önal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Matang Sinh is a leader of Indian National Congress and a former union minister of India.	Matang Sinh	India
country of citizenship	Chahida Ben Fraj Bouraoui, (born 1 September 1960 in Monastir, Tunisia) is an engineer and politician.	Chahida Ben Fraj Bouraoui	Tunisia
country of citizenship	André Gagnon, OC, a renowned Canadian composer, conductor, arranger, and actor was born 2 August 1936 in Saint-Pacôme-de-Kamouraska, Quebec, Canada.	André Gagnon	Canada
country of citizenship	Antoinette Quinche (1896--1979) was a Swiss feminist and politician (Free Democratic Party of Switzerland).	Antoinette Quinche	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Don Domingo Ordoñana (1829-1897), was a prominent rancher in Soriano Department in Uruguay.	Domingo Ordoñana	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Idriss Ndele Moussa Yayami (17 April 1959 in Faya-Largeau, Chad, Africa -- 20 May 2013) was the president of the African Union's Pan-African Parliament from 2009--2012.	Idriss Ndele Moussa	Chad
country of citizenship	Ognjen Vranješ (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Врањеш; born 24 October 1989) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Spanish club Sporting Gijón and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Ognjen Vranješ	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Louis Daly Irving Austin (20 February 1877 -- 7 April 1967) was a New Zealand pianist, music teacher, conductor, composer and critical gadfly.	Louis Daly Irving Austin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Margo Rey was born in Acapulco, Mexico and grew up in Arlington and Dallas, Texas, the youngest of five children in the family.	Margo Rey	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pene Taka Tuaia (? -- 3 July 1889) was a New Zealand warrior, military engineer and land protester.	Pene Taka Tuaia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aleksander Arendt (6 December 1912, Będargowo - 2002) was an activist of the Kashubians and Pomeranians (ethnic groups in northern Poland).	Aleksander Arendt	Poland
country of citizenship	Hampton Neil Dansie OAM (born 2 July 1928) is a former first-class cricketer and long-term administrator for South Australia.	Neil Dansie	Australia
country of citizenship	Antje Duvekot (/ˈɑːntjə ˈduːvəkɑːt/ AUNT-yuh DOO-va-kott; born 1976 in Heidelberg, Germany) is a singer-songwriter and guitarist based in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Antje Duvekot	Germany
country of citizenship	Lidia Ávila (born Lidia Erika Ávila Beltrán on September 13, 1979 in Puebla, Puebla, Mexico) is a Mexican singer and actress.	Lidia Ávila	Mexico
country of citizenship	Thomas Hauert (born 1967 in Schnottwil, Switzerland) is a Swiss dancer and choreographer, leader of the Brussels-based company ZOO/Thomas Hauert.	Thomas Hauert	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Eli Maor, an Israel-born historian of mathematics, is the author of several books about the history of mathematics.	Eli Maor	Israel
country of citizenship	Renata Kusmanto (born 7 November 1982) is a model and actress from Indonesia.	Renata Kusmanto	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Larysa Berezhna (Ukrainian: Лариса Бережна, also Russian: Лариса Бережная - Larisa Berezhnaya; born February 28, 1961) is a retired long jumper who represented USSR and later Ukraine.	Larysa Berezhna	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Siddique Shameer is an Indian film director, writer, and novelist, born in Kodungallur, district Thrishur, Kerala, India.	Siddique Shameer	India
country of citizenship	Thủy Tiên is a Vietnamese language pop singer from southern Vietnam.	Thủy Tiên	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Vartan Oskanian (Armenian: Վարդան Օսկանյան; born February 7, 1955) is former Foreign Minister of Armenia (1998--2008) and founder of the Civilitas Foundation.	Vartan Oskanian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Luis Razetti (Caracas, Venezuela, September 10, 1862 - May 14, 1932) was a surgeon, who supported and managed a number of advances in the progress of Venezuelan medicine.	Luis Razetti	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Paul Becker is an actor, director, choreographer, and producer best known for choreographing ``Descendants (2015 film)'' , Mirror Mirror, Twilight, and Diary of a Wimpy Kid (film), and producing ``Canada's Got Talent''.	Paul Becker	Canada
country of citizenship	Ghazi Kanaan (1942 -- 12 October 2005) (Arabic: غازي كنعان‎; transliterations vary), also known as Abu Yo'roub, was Syria's Interior Minister from 2004 to 2005, and long-time head of Syria's security apparatus in Lebanon.	Ghazi Kanaan	Syria
country of citizenship	Alice Edun is a singer who is of Nigerian-Russian descent but makes her home in Milan, Italy.	Alice Edun	Italy
country of citizenship	Evan McMillan (born 20 November 1986) is a footballer, currently Player-coach of League of Ireland club UCD He is able to play as both a centre back and a striker.	Evan McMillan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Carmen Romo Sepúlveda was the mayor of Quilicura, Región Metropolitana, Chile, a large and bustling suburb of over 126,000 people in the Santiago de Chile metropolitan area since 1992.	Carmen Romo Sepúlveda	Chile
country of citizenship	Hannaliis Jaadla (born 12 July 1986) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a defender for English club Oxford United and for the Estonia national team.	Hannaliis Jaadla	Estonia
country of citizenship	Aaron McIntosh (born 7 January 1972 in Auckland) is a sailor from New Zealand who won a Bronze medal at 2000 in Sydney.	Aaron McIntosh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Kipchirchir Mutai (born 12 October 1984) is a long distance runner from Kenya, who specialises in marathons.	Emmanuel Kipchirchir Mutai	Kenya
country of citizenship	Egbert Schuurman (born July 23, 1937) is a Dutch engineer, philosopher, politician for the Christian Union, and Emeritus Professor of Philosophy in the Netherlands.	Egbert Schuurman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Peter Hartmann (born 19 June 1921, Hamburg, Germany; died 14 November 2007, Geneva, Switzerland) was a Swiss sculptor known for his bronze sculptures installed in public spaces in Geneva.	Peter Hartmann	Switzerland
country of citizenship	He emigrated from Hungary to the United States in 1950, and he simplified his name to Ivan Boszormenyi-Nagy at the time of his naturalization as a US citizen.	Ivan Boszormenyi-Nagy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Anna Glazkova (born July 29, 1981 in Salihorsk) is a Belarus rhythmic gymnast.	Anna Glazkova	Belarus
country of citizenship	Born in 1944 in Kita, Mali, Doumbi Fakoly spent his childhood in Senegal.	Doumbi Fakoly	Mali
country of citizenship	Volodymyr Yelchenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Єльченко; born June 27, 1959 in Kyiv, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations since December 9, 2015.	Volodymyr Yelchenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Ľuboš Križko (born August 9, 1979) is an Olympic swimmer from Trenčín, Slovakia who competes in men's 100 meter backstroke.	Ľuboš Križko	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Carmen García González (1905 -- May 13, 1980) was first lady of Mexico.	Carmen García González	Mexico
country of citizenship	Markus Bott (born 13 January 1962 in Pforzheim, Germany) is a former boxer.	Markus Bott	Germany
country of citizenship	Amyr Klink (born September 25, 1955 in São Paulo, Brazil) is an explorer and sailor.	Amyr Klink	Brazil
country of citizenship	Andrew Snoid born Andrew McLennan is a New Zealand musician, singer, and songwriter.	Andrew Snoid	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dewi Driegen (born in Amsterdam, the Netherlands on 15 September 1982), is a Dutch model.	Dewi Driegen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ikram Khan is a famous sarangi player from Jaipur, India.	Ikram Khan	India
country of citizenship	Fernão Mendes Pinto was born in about 1509, in Montemor-o-Velho, Portugal to a poor rural family (or perhaps to a family of minor nobility who had fallen on hard times).	Fernão Mendes Pinto	Portugal
country of citizenship	Petra Buzková is living in Prague (Czech Republic) with her husband Josef Kotrba who is a financial advisor.	Petra Buzková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Lars Pirak (July 27, 1932 -- October 2, 2008) was a Lule and North Sámi artist, yoiker and duodji master from Jokkmokk, Sweden.	Lars Pirak	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sylvie Bernier, CM, CQ (born January 31, 1964) is an Olympic athlete from Sainte-Foy, Quebec in Canada.	Sylvie Bernier	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Achstetten, Germany in 1870, Oscar Ameringer came to America at the age of 15.	Oscar Ameringer	Germany
country of citizenship	Rashid Rehman (13 October 1958 -- 7 May 2014) was a regional coordinator for the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP).	Rashid Rehman	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Alberto Acereda was born in Calahorra (La Rioja (Spain)) in 1965.	Alberto Acereda	Spain
country of citizenship	Basilio Vadillo (14 July 1885, Zapotlán, Jalisco, Mexico -- 25 July 1935, Montevideo, Uruguay) was an educator and politician who served briefly as Governor of the Mexican State of Jalisco (1921--22).	Basilio Vadillo	Mexico
country of citizenship	'Emanuele Viscuso, (born 24 December 1952 in Palermo, Italy) is a sculptor, a musician, a designer and a cultural promoter.	Emanuele Viscuso	Italy
country of citizenship	Bonivert Claude (born February 2, 1945, in Torbeck, Les Cayes, Haiti) is a former governor of the Banque de la République d'Haïti and a presidential candidate in the 2000 and 2006 Haitian elections.	Bonivert Claude	Haiti
country of citizenship	Born Chukwudi Echezona Chukwujekwu on November 4, 1983 in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria to Dr I.E and Evangelist J.C Chukwujekwu, Blossom Chukwujekwu is the first of two sons.	Blossom Chukwujekwu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Aira Marketta Kokkonen (born 1946) was City Manager/Mayor of Espoo, the second largest city in Finland, from 1995 to 2010.	Marketta Kokkonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Nowa Omoigui attended Corona primary school, St Saviors Primary School, and St Mary's Primary School, all in Lagos, Nigeria.	Nowa Omoigui	Nigeria
country of citizenship	François Villeroy de Galhau (born 24 February 1959) is a French bank executive and haut fonctionnaire (higher civil servant), Governor of the Bank of France since 1 November 2015.	François Villeroy de Galhau	France
country of citizenship	Malik Bouziane (Arabic: مالك بوزيان‎) (born January 11, 1978) is a retired boxer from Algeria.	Malik Bouziane	Algeria
country of citizenship	Kafil Ahmed (Bengali: কফিল আহমেদ) (born September 1, 1962 in Kishoreganj, Bangladesh) is a poet, singer, and painter of Bangladesh of contemporary age.	Kafil Ahmed	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Sigri Mitra Gaïni (Persian: سیگری میترا قائنی) (born 1975 in Oslo, Norway) is a Faroese poet, actress and school teacher.	Sigri Mitra Gaïni	Norway
country of citizenship	Dr. Sri Sri Sri Shivakumara Swamiji (Kannada:ಡಾ.ಶಿವಕುಮಾರ ಸ್ವಾಮೀಜಿ) (born April 1, 1907) is the head of Sree Siddaganga Mutt in Tumkur District, South India and founder of the Sri Siddaganga Education Society.	Shivakumara Swami	India
country of citizenship	Otto Abt was born in 1903 in Binningen in the Canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Otto Abt	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hugo Zemp (born 14 May 1937, Basle, Switzerland) is a Swiss-French ethnomusicologist.	Hugo Zemp	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Mladen Plakalović (born September 25, 1991) is a cross-country skier from Bosnia and Herzegovina who has competed since 2007.	Mladen Plakalović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Dušan Moravčík represented Czechoslovakia in three editions of the Summer Olympics (1972, 1976 and 1980).	Dušan Moravčík	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Thamsanqa Mahlangu (DEAD 5 October 2015) a former MDC politician, was also the Zimbabwe Deputy Minister of Youth Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment.	Thamsanqa Mahlangu	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Andriy Kruhlyak (Russian: Андрей Кругляк) (born 22 April 1986 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a football striker from Ukraine.	Andriy Kruhlyak	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Idrak Abbasov (born c. 1976) is an Azerbaijani journalist who works for the newspaper Zerkalo, one of Azerbaijan's few newspapers not controlled by the government of President Ilham Aliyev.	Idrak Abbasov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Marelisa Gibson Villegas (born 26 August 1988) is a Venezuelan designer, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Venezuela 2009 and represented Venezuela at Miss Universe 2010.	Marelisa Gibson	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Abderraouf Ayadi (Tunisian Arabic: عبد الرؤوف العيادي‎; born 12 February 1950 in Manouba, Tunisia) is a Tunisian human rights activist, politician and lawyer.	Abderraouf Ayadi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Hans Olof Holmström, born 15 October 1784 in Ösmo Parish, Sweden, dead 27 August 1855 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish bishop within the Church of Sweden.	Hans Olof Holmström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Cui Xiaodi (Chinese: 崔晓迪, born March 7, 1989) is a Chinese ski mountaineer, and member of the national selection of the People's Republic of China.	Cui Xiaodi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Chitra Subramaniam Duella is an Indian journalist and one of India's best known media personalities.	Chitra Subramaniam	India
country of citizenship	Lissette was born March 10, 1947, in Lima, Peru, at a time when her parents, Cuban TV stars Olga Chorens and Tony Álvarez (Olga y Tony), were touring South America.	Lissette	Peru
country of citizenship	Ann Vriend is a Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in the neighborhood of McCauley.	Ann Vriend	Canada
country of citizenship	Gustavo Rodas (born 16 January 1986 in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who is currently unemployed.	Gustavo Rodas	Argentina
country of citizenship	Albert Jan van den Berg is a former President (2003-2010) and Secretary-General (1980-1988) of the Netherlands Arbitration Institute (NAI) in Rotterdam and a former Vice-President of the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA) (1998-2002).	Albert Jan van den Berg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Shah Abdul Karim (February 15, 1916 -- September 12, 2009) was a Baul musician from Bangladesh.	Shah Abdul Karim	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Giada Trebeschi (born August 8, 1973 in Reggio Emilia, Italy) is an Italian author of historical novels, theater plays and screenplays.	Giada Trebeschi	Italy
country of citizenship	Béla Drahos (born 1955 in Kaposvár, Hungary) is a Hungarian conductor and flautist.	Béla Drahos	Hungary
country of citizenship	Boglárka Csemer (born 30 November 1986 in Budapest, Hungary), professionally known as Boggie, is a Hungarian pop vocalist and songwriter.	Boggie	Hungary
country of citizenship	Arsala Jamal (1966 -- October 15, 2013) (also anglicised as Arsallah Jamal) was an Afghan government official, who served as governor of the provinces of Khost and Logar in Afghanistan.	Arsala Jamal	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Tante Leen (English: Auntie Leen, January 28, 1912 -- August 5, 1992), real name Helena Kok-Polder, later Helena Jansen-Polder, was a Dutch folk singer from Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Tante Leen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Len Holmes (born in Australia) was a rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs and for the New South Wales Rugby League team in the 1940s.	Len Holmes	Australia
country of citizenship	Manmohan Acharya is a poet and lyricist from India.	Manmohan Acharya	India
country of citizenship	Susanne Alfvengren (born Susanne Irene Lund, 12 February 1959 in Visby, Gotland, Sweden) is a Swedish singer.	Susanne Alfvengren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Marie-France Gaîté (born 17 July 1941 in Lyon, France -- died 18 January 1968), better known as Gribouille was a singer, musician, and song writer.	Gribouille	France
country of citizenship	Benoit Gaudet (born December 18, 1979 in Drummondville, Quebec, Canada) is a professional Canadian boxer in the Lightweight division.	Benoit Gaudet	Canada
country of citizenship	Brigadier General (Ret) Adam Sowa (born 29 June 1957 in Kraków, Poland) was the deputy chief executive of the European Defence Agency.	Adam Sowa	Poland
country of citizenship	Antoni Macierewicz (born August 3, 1948) is the Minister of National Defence for Poland.	Antoni Macierewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	John Macmillan Brown (5 May 1845 -- 18 January 1935) was a Scottish-New Zealand academic, administrator and promoter of education for women.	John Macmillan Brown	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ayatollah Gholamreza Rezvani (born ? - April 20, 2013) was a member of the Council of Guardians in the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Gholamreza Rezvani	Iran
country of citizenship	Herlinatiens (born Herlina Tien Suhesti; Ngawi, Indonesia April 26, 1982) is an author from Indonesia.	Herlinatiens	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Carl Malcolm (born July 1952, Black River, St. Elizabeth, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae singer and percussionist.	Carl Malcolm	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Manfred Pohl is an honorary professor at the Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany.	Manfred Pohl	Germany
country of citizenship	Tesfai Ghirmazion was the first Minister of Agriculture of Eritrea and moved in 1997 to the Ministry of Land, Water, and Environment as its first Minister.	Tesfai Ghirmazion	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Fantamady Keita (born 25 September 1949) is a former Malian international footballer who was the leading scorer in the 1972 African Cup of Nations, scoring five goals as Mali reached the final.	Fantamady Keita	Mali
country of citizenship	Cornelia Bürki (born October 3, 1953 in Humansdorp, South Africa) is a retired long-distance runner who represented Switzerland in three consecutive Olympic Games, starting in 1980, with her best result being fifth in the 1984 3000 metres final.	Cornelia Bürki	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Walter Potter (2 July 1835 -- 21 May 1918) was an English taxidermist noted for his anthropomorphic dioramas featuring mounted animals mimicking human life, which he displayed at his museum in Bramber, Sussex, England.	Walter Potter	England
country of citizenship	Alessandro Pistone (born 27 July 1975 in Milan, Italy) is a former Italian footballer, who played as a fullback.	Alessandro Pistone	Italy
country of citizenship	Dušan Jelinčič (born 1953) is a writer and a journalist from the community of Slovene minority in Italy from Trieste, Italy.	Dušan Jelinčič	Italy
country of citizenship	Oka Rusmini (Ida Ayu Oka Rusmini), the poet and novelist, was born on 11 July 1967 in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Oka Rusmini	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Raimund Emmanuel Parcon Marasigan, (born May 22, 1971) or simply known as Raimund Marasigan, is a Rock musician and record producer in the Philippines.	Raimund Marasigan	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jukka Kuoppamäki (b. 1 September 1942 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish singer, songwriter and priest for The Christian Community in Germany.	Jukka Kuoppamäki	Finland
country of citizenship	Dejenee Regassa Mootumaa (born 18 April 1989) is an Ethiopian-born long-distance runner who competes internationally for Bahrain.	Dejenee Regassa	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Neva Krysteva (Bulgarian: Нева Кръстева), born on August 2, 1946 in Sofia, Bulgaria, is a Bulgarian organist and also professor of music, pedagogue and composer.	Neva Krysteva	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Masayoshi Manabe (真鍋 政義 Manabe Masayoshi, born August 21, 1963 in Himeji, Hyōgo) is a former volleyball player from Japan, who played as a setter for the Men's National Team in the 1980s and 90s.	Masayoshi Manabe	Japan
country of citizenship	Meor Aziddin Yusof (born 1967 in Bruas, Perak), popularly known as Meor, is an independent Malay language folk singer-songwriter from Malaysia.	Meor Aziddin Yusof	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Anna Wroblewski (born c.1985 in Vietnam) is an American professional poker player, with multiple live tournament results that add up to over $1 million in career earnings.	Anna Wroblewski	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Arthur Marshall Stoneham, FRS (May 18, 1940 Barrow, Cumbria, UK-- February 18, 2011), known as Marshall Stoneham, was a British physicist who worked for the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority, and from 1995 was Massey professor of physics at University College London.	Marshall Stoneham	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Henri Privat-Livemont (1861--1936) was an artist born in Schaerbeek, Brussels, Belgium.	Henri Privat-Livemont	Belgium
country of citizenship	Helen Varley Jamieson is a digital media artist, playwright, performer, director and producer from New Zealand.	Helen Varley Jamieson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vilhjálmur Árnason (born in Iceland 1953) is professor of philosophy at the University of Iceland.	Vilhjálmur Árnason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Abu al-Misk Kafur (905--968), also called al-Laithi, al-Suri, al-Labi was a dominant personality of Ikhshidid Egypt and Syria.	Abu al-Misk Kafur	Egypt
country of citizenship	Otto-Raúl González (January 1, 1921 in Guatemala City -- June 23, 2007 in Mexico City) was a Guatemalan writer, poet, and lawyer.	Otto-Raúl González	Guatemala	Mexico
country of citizenship	Daniel Hoffmann (born 27 October 1971 in Rostock, East Germany) is a German football coach and a former player.	Daniel Hoffmann	East Germany
country of citizenship	Nacho Chapado (Jose Ignacio Chapado) is a Dj and producer born in Barcelona, Spain in 1970	Nacho Chapado	Spain
country of citizenship	Kim Dong-kil (Hangul: 김동길; hanja: 金東吉; born May 19, 1963 in Damyang, Jeollanam-do, South Korea) is a former South Korean amateur boxer.	Kim Dong-kil	South Korea
country of citizenship	Wes Mannion (born September 1970) is best known from the series The Crocodile Hunter as Steve Irwin's best friend and director of Australia Zoo.	Wes Mannion	Australia
country of citizenship	Ena Gregory (18 April 1906 -- 13 June 1993) was an Australian motion picture actress from Sydney, Australia.	Ena Gregory	Australia
country of citizenship	Anna Bourma (in Greek Άννα Μπουρμά) (born in Athens, Greece) is a Greek singer of Pontian origin.	Anna Bourma	Greece
country of citizenship	Antonio Nóbrega (born May 2, 1952 in Recife, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer, dancer and actor.	Antonio Nóbrega	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kiraitu Murungi was born on 1 January 1952 in Kionyo village, Abogeta division of Meru District in Eastern Kenya.	Kiraitu Murungi	Kenya
country of citizenship	Martin Horntveth (born 20 September 1977 in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (mainly the drums), composer and electronica artist, the younger brother of tubaist Line Horntveth, but best known as the drummer and key member of Jaga Jazzist and The National Bank together with his brother Lars Horntveth.	Martin Horntveth	Norway
country of citizenship	Charles Bozon, Jr. (15 December 1932 -- 7 July 1964) was an alpine ski racer and world champion from France.	Charles Bozon	France
country of citizenship	Admiral T's album became a hit throughout the West Indies, France and Europe.	Admiral T	France
country of citizenship	Sala Baker (born September 22, 1976) is an actor and stuntman from Wellington, New Zealand.	Sala Baker	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lars Sund (born 1953 in Jakobstad, Finland), is a Finland-Swedish author.	Lars Sund	Finland
country of citizenship	Count Józef Hauke-Bosak (March 19, 1834 in Saint Petersburg -- January 21, 1871) was a Polish general in the January Uprising, and commander of the Polish army in Lesser Poland, the closest collaborator of rebellion leader Romuald Traugutt.	Józef Hauke-Bosak	Poland
country of citizenship	Yogendra Tiku (born 25 July,) is an Indian film, television and stage actor, born and brought up at Allahabad, India.	Yogendra Tiku	India
country of citizenship	Ishmeet Singh (Punjabi: ਇਸ਼ਮੀਤ ਸਿੰਘ, 2 September 1988 -- 29 July 2008) was a winning singer on the STAR Plus show Amul STAR Voice of India.	Ishmeet Singh	India
country of citizenship	Héctor Reynoso López (born October 3, 1980 in Mexico City) is a Mexican football defender, who is currently a free agent.	Héctor Reynoso	Mexico
country of citizenship	Joseph Malboeuf, dit Beausoleil (March 11, 1752 -- December 27, 1823) was a farmer, blacksmith and political figure in Lower Canada.	Joseph Malboeuf, dit Beausoleil	Canada
country of citizenship	Crooks & Straights are a country group from Rijeka, Croatia.	Crooks & Straights	Croatia
country of citizenship	Yannick Eijssen (born 26 June 1989) is a Belgian cyclist, born in Leuven, Belgium.	Yannick Eijssen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Prof. Dr. Shkëlqim Cani (born 6 May 1956) was Governor of the Bank of Albania, which is the Central Bank of Albania, from August 1997 to October 2004, when Ardian Fullani took over the position.	Shkëlqim Cani	Albania
country of citizenship	Radka Vodičková lives in Jablonec nad Nisou in the North of the Czech Republic and in Hellikon, Switzerland.	Radka Vodičková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Te Keepa Te Rangi-puawhe (?--1905) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, soldier and entrepreneur.	Te Keepa Te Rangi-puawhe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Baba Sissoko (born 8 March 1963 in Bamako, Mali) is a musician (tamani, ngoni, kamalengoni, bala, calabass) and vocalist.	Baba Sissoko	Mali
country of citizenship	Basil Samuel (1912--1987) was the founder of Great Portland Estates, one the United Kingdom's largest property businesses.	Basil Samuel	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Aung Kyaw Moe (Burmese: အောင်ကျော်မိုး, born 2 July 1982) is a professional football player from Myanmar.	Aung Kyaw Moe	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Yusuf Başer (born February 4, 1980 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite open division.	Yusuf Başer	Turkey
country of citizenship	René El Khazraje (born 11 September 1976 in Braunschweig, Germany) best known by his stage name MC Rene is a rapper and stand-up comedian.	MC Rene	Germany
country of citizenship	Raúl Zurita was born in Santiago de Chile in 1950, where he spent his childhood and school years.	Raúl Zurita	Chile
country of citizenship	Amadaiya Rennie (born 17 March 1990, in Monrovia, Liberia) is a Liberian football player, who plays as a forward for Hammarby IF.	Amadaiya Rennie	Liberia
country of citizenship	Pablo Bartholomew (born 1955) is an award-winning Indian photojournalist and an independent photographer based in New Delhi, India.	Pablo Bartholomew	India
country of citizenship	Martin Annen (born 12 February 1974 in Zug, Switzerland) is a bobsledder who competed from 1996 to 2006.	Martin Annen	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Carmelo Garrido Alarcón (born September 12, 1971 in Puertollano, Ciudad Real) is a 5-per-team football player from Spain.	Carmelo Garrido Alarcón	Spain
country of citizenship	Liam Hess (born 28 March 1992; Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom) is a British actor.	Liam Hess	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Graziano Pellè (Italian pronunciation: (ɡratˈtsjano pelˈlɛ); born 15 July 1985) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Southampton and the Italy national team.	Graziano Pellè	Italy
country of citizenship	Nduka Ugbade (born 6 September 1969) is an assistant coach of the Nigeria under-17 national football team and a former football player.	Nduka Ugbade	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Wiremu Maihi Te Rangikaheke (?--1896) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, scholar and public servant.	Wiremu Maihi Te Rangikaheke	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christos Zachopoulos is the former general-secretary of the Ministry of Culture in Greece.	Christos Zachopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Sten Carl Bielke, born March 14, 1709 in Stockholm, Sweden, deceased July 13, 1753, was a Swedish Friherre, official, scientist and member of the Swedish parliament (riksdag).	Sten Carl Bielke	Sweden
country of citizenship	Doinall Dhu O'Connor (1894--1975) or Dan, was a New Zealand theatrical manager, concert impresario and businessman.	Doinall Dhu O'Connor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manuel Antonio Barrantes Rodríguez is a Costa Rican diplomat and is the current Ambassador of Costa Rica to Russia, presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 29 May 2009.	Manuel Antonio Barrantes Rodríguez	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Paulo Pedroso (born 28 May 1965 in Aveiro, Portugal) is a Portuguese professor, politician, member of the Portuguese Parliament, and former Secretary of State and Minister for Labor and Training from 1999 to 2001.	Paulo Pedroso	Portugal
country of citizenship	Marie-Josée Houle is an accordionist who lives in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Marie-Josée Houle	Canada
country of citizenship	Stephany Ortega (born 15 December 1989) is an Uruguayan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Uruguay 2010.	Stephany Ortega	Uruguay
country of citizenship	João Fernandes de Andrade (1470s--1527) was a Portuguese noblemen, member of the Court of Afonso V and John II of Portugal.	João Fernandes de Andrade	Portugal
country of citizenship	According to Interfax, ``Lawmakers in Russia's Jewish Autonomous Region have confirmed the appointment of Alexander Vinnikov as the region's new governor.	Alexander Vinnikov	Russia
country of citizenship	Gertrude Maseko is the incumbent First Lady of Malawi.	Gertrude Maseko	Malawi
country of citizenship	Duško Vujošević was born in Titograd, PR Montenegro, FPR Yugoslavia.	Duško Vujošević	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Julien Anfruns is a Member of the Council of State (France) ('Conseil d'Etat'), Supreme Court Judge.	Julien Anfruns	France
country of citizenship	Sergo Chakhoyan (Armenian: Սերգո Չախոյան, born December 9, 1969 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian weightlifter who later represented Australia.	Sergo Chakhoyan	Australia
country of citizenship	René Dupéré (born in 1946) is a Québécois composer from Mont-Joli, Québec, Canada.	René Dupéré	Canada
country of citizenship	John Douglas Armour (May 4, 1830 -- July 11, 1903) was a Canadian Puisne judge of the Supreme Court of Canada.	John Douglas Armour	Canada
country of citizenship	Mijaela Tesleoanu (March 20, 1942 -- August 17, 2011) was a Romanian dancer, classical ballet teacher, and ballet master who developed her artistic work in Cuba.	Mijaela Tesleoanu	Cuba
country of citizenship	Angela McKee (née Warner) (born 1 December 1974 in Henderson, New Zealand) is a former High Jump competitor for New Zealand.	Angela McKee	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eliezer Goldberg (Hebrew: אליעזר גולדברג‎) (born May 24, 1931) is a former Israeli Supreme Court judge, and former State Comptroller of Israel.	Eliezer Goldberg	Israel
country of citizenship	Cornelia Rudloff-Schäffer (born on February 10, 1957 in Bad Camberg/Taunus, Germany) is the current president of the Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt (DPMA) (English: German Patent and Trade Mark Office), a post she holds since January 1, 2009.	Cornelia Rudloff-Schäffer	Germany
country of citizenship	Michele Pinto (born 2 January 1931, Teggiano) is a retired Italian Christian Democrat politician and Italy's agriculture minister from 18 May 1996 to 21 October 1998.	Michele Pinto	Italy
country of citizenship	Erkki Liikanen (born 19 September 1950) is a Finnish social democratic politician and the Governor of the Bank of Finland.	Erkki Liikanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Rita Kovács (born March 29, 1970 in Nyíregyháza) is a former long-distance swimmer from Hungary.	Rita Kovács	Hungary
country of citizenship	Fatih Solak has always thanked former coach Selcuk Ernak who is believed to have helped in Fatih's development as one of Turkey's top centres.	Fatih Solak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Erika Salumäe (born 11 June 1962 in Pärnu) is an Estonian track bicycle racer who won the first Olympic gold medal for Estonia after the country regained its independence in 1991.	Erika Salumäe	Estonia
country of citizenship	Susanna Mälkki (born Helsinki, Finland, 13 March 1969) is a Finnish conductor.	Susanna Mälkki	Finland
country of citizenship	Josefin Lillhage (born 15 March 1980 in Gothenburg) is a freestyle swimmer from Sweden, who won the bronze medal in the 200 m freestyle at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal.	Josefin Lillhage	Sweden
country of citizenship	Hiromi Amada (Japanese: 天田 ヒロミ; born May 10, 1973) is a retired Japanese super heavyweight kickboxer and boxer from Gunma, Japan.	Hiromi Amada	Japan
country of citizenship	Gregorio de Hinestrosa (fl. 1610--1647) was Governor of Paraguay from June 27, 1641 --	Gregorio de Hinestrosa	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Septar Mehmet Yakub (known in Romanian as Septar Mehmet Iacub) (1904-1991) was a Crimean Tatar lawyer, thinker, spiritual leader of Tatars and Turks in Dobruja, Mufti of the Muslim community in Romania.	Septar Mehmet Yakub	Romania
country of citizenship	Nduduzo Makhathini is a South African jazz musician from Umgungundlovu, Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.	Nduduzo Makhathini	South Africa
country of citizenship	Konstantin Hierl (24 February 1875 -- 23 September 1955) was a major figure in the administration of Nazi Germany.	Konstantin Hierl	Germany
country of citizenship	Nitya Nand Reddy (born 1950) is a Fiji Indian has been an accountant and a unionist before being elected to the House of Representatives of Fiji.	Nitya Nand Reddy	Fiji
country of citizenship	Gilbert Lumoindong (born in Jakarta, December 26, 1966) was a priest from Indonesia.	Gilbert Lumoindong	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Julio Larosiliere is a businessman and former senator of the Republic of Haiti.	Julio Larosiliere	Haiti
country of citizenship	Vinay Kumar Pandey alias Vinnu was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.	Vinay Kumar Pandey	India
country of citizenship	Boris Boillon is officially appointed by the Council of Ministers embassador of France in Iraq in July 2009.	Boris Boillon	France
country of citizenship	Alexander Ossovsky was born on March 31, 1871 in Kishinev, Bessarabia, Russian Empire into the family of Vyacheslav Stepanovich Ossovsky, who was a Department Chair in the Odessa Court; his mother was Yevgenia Cherkunova.	Alexander Ossovsky	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Harry Jacks (born Herman Jekeles on 5 August 1908--19 August 1994) was a New Zealand soldier, plant pathologist, lecturer and forester.	Harry Jacks	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jürgen Budday (born 1948 in Germany) is a German conductor, director of church music and music teacher.	Jürgen Budday	Germany
country of citizenship	Homayun Gharavi was born into an Iranian family of diplomats and came to Germany as a small child.	Homayun Gharavi	Germany
country of citizenship	He was the son of general major Georg Reichwein, Sr., who immigrated to Denmark-Norway from Hesse in 1628.	Georg Reichwein	Norway
country of citizenship	Professor Thorsteinn I. Sigfusson (born June 4, 1954 in Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland) is an Icelandic physicist prominent in the field of energy research.	Thorsteinn I. Sigfusson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Allan Kerr Taylor (1832--1890) was a notable New Zealand landowner and businessman.	Allan Kerr Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rajeev Bindal is minister of health and family welfare in Government of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Rajeev Bindal	India
country of citizenship	Harald Nielsen played 14 games for the Denmark national football team in 1959 and 1960, scoring 15 goals, and he was known as Guld-Harald (Gold-Harald).	Harald Nielsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Sarah McLachlan was born on January 28, 1968, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, and adopted.	Sarah McLachlan	Canada
country of citizenship	His father soon returned to Norway to work at Fredrikstad Mekaniske Verksted, whereas Harald Damsleth lived with his mother until the age of eleven.	Harald Damsleth	Norway
country of citizenship	Esmail Sohikish is a former tennis player from Iran.	Esmail Sohikish	Iran
country of citizenship	Sant Rampal is a controversial preacher but has large number of followers in Punjab state of India and in other parts of Northern India.	Rampal	India
country of citizenship	Bonifaci López y Pulido was Bishop of Urgell and ex officio Co-Prince of Andorra from 1824 to 1827.	Bonifaci López y Pulido	Andorra
country of citizenship	General Rohan Daluwatte, WWV, RWP, RSP, VSV, USP, (born 9 May 1941) is a former commander and a General of the Sri Lanka Army.	Rohan Daluwatte	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Juan Luis Hevia Fernández (born 20 February 1977 in Pola de Laviana, Asturias) is a Spanish professional footballer currently playing for Real Oviedo the champions of the region of Asturias (winners Trofeo Principado 2007) and currently top of the Tercera division in Spain.	Juan Luis Hevia	Spain
country of citizenship	Mohamed Noh Alam Shah (born 3 September 1980) is a professional football player from Singapore.	Noh Alam Shah	Singapore
country of citizenship	Vicente Mejía Colindres (6 April 1878 -- 24 August 1966) was President of Honduras between 16 September and 5 October 1919; and again between 1 February 1929 and 1 February 1933.	Vicente Mejía Colindres	Honduras
country of citizenship	Mathew P. John was a Biblical Scholar and President of the Society for Biblical Studies in India.	Mathew P. John	India
country of citizenship	Dee Nasty (Born 1960) is a DJ, producer, and Hip-Hop pioneer in Paris, France.	Dee Nasty	France
country of citizenship	Yardena Alotin studied from 1948 to 1950 at the Music Teachers' College in Tel Aviv and then from 1950 to 1952 at the Israel Music Academy.	Yardena Alotin	Israel
country of citizenship	Joacim Cans (born 19 February 1970 in Mora, Sweden) is the lead singer of HammerFall, a Swedish power metal band.	Joacim Cans	Sweden
country of citizenship	John Z. Robinson (born 25 May 1953 in Foxton, New Zealand) is a New Zealand painter, printmaker, and jeweller.	John Z. Robinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Valampuri John was a Tamil writer, orator and former Rajya Sabha member of India He was Born in Uvari village in Tirunelveli district, he started his career as an advocate and activist of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK).	Valampuri John	India
country of citizenship	Lalainia Lindbjerg (born September 3, 1974) is a Canadian voice actress who worked for Ocean Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Lalainia Lindbjerg	Canada
country of citizenship	Mary Greig Campbell (17 November 1907 -- 22 April 1989) was a New Zealand librarian and quaker.	Mary Greig Campbell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dato' Haji Tajuddin Abdul Rahman (born 17 January 1948) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Pasir Salak constituency in the state of Perak.	Tajuddin Abdul Rahman	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Rebecca Singh (born 28 January 1975) is a news presenter on the New Zealand television station, TV3.	Rebecca Singh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Benatar (born 1966) is a professor of philosophy and head of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Cape Town in Cape Town, South Africa.	David Benatar	South Africa
country of citizenship	Camille Gourvenec was an officer of the French external intelligence service SDECE, possibly with the rank of colonel, who, from 1966, was seconded as security adviser to President François Tombalbaye of Chad, and was therefore effectively head of Tombalbaye's security and intelligence service.	Camille Gourvenec	Chad
country of citizenship	Amos Yudan (born November 5, 1936) is an Israeli businessman, Chairman of the Israel-China and Hong Kong chamber of commerce and CEO of Comodan, a company that promotes Sino-Israeli business.	Amos Yudan	Israel
country of citizenship	Alfredo Prior, born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, is a painter, writer, performer and musician.	Alfredo Prior	Argentina
country of citizenship	Robert Jeremy Mansfield (better known as Jeremy Mansfield) was born in Grahamstown, South Africa.	Jeremy Mansfield	South Africa
country of citizenship	Vatta Parambath Sathyan (29 April 1965 -- 18 July 2006), popularly known as V. P. Sathyan, was a captain of the India national football team who played in the centre back position.	V. P. Sathyan	India
country of citizenship	Roberto Coll (born April 20, 1925 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for River Plate in Argentina, Deportivo Cali in Colombia and Palestino in Chile.	Roberto Coll	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tommy Ambrose, singer, songwriter, born in Toronto, Canada.	Tommy Ambrose	Canada
country of citizenship	Luis Hernán Álvarez (21 May 1938 -- 23 January 1991) was a Chilean footballer who played in clubs in Chile and El Salvador.	Luis Hernán Álvarez	Chile
country of citizenship	Rabbi Ben-Tzion Spitz (born 1969) is the Chief Rabbi of Uruguay.	Ben-Tzion Spitz	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Jules-Émile Zingg was born in Montbéliard in the mountainous Jura area of Eastern France, the son of a clockmaker and woodcutter.	Jules-Émile Zingg	France
country of citizenship	Jonathan Poff (born 27 September 1983 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a rugby union player currently playing for the London Wasps in the Aviva Premiership.	Jonathan Poff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joseph-Edmond-André Laurendeau (March 21, 1912 -- June 1, 1968) was a journalist, politician, co-chair of the Royal Commission on Bilingualism and Biculturalism, and playwright in Quebec, Canada.	André Laurendeau	Canada
country of citizenship	Frank Stanley Frankish (2 November 1872 -- 30 May 1909) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Canterbury from 1894 to 1903, and played for New Zealand in the days before New Zealand played Test cricket.	Stanley Frankish	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yasuo Furuhata (降旗 康男 Furuhata Yasuo, born 19 August 1934 in Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan) is a Japanese film director.	Yasuo Furuhata	Japan
country of citizenship	Muhammad Saleh Shah (Urdu: محمد صالح شاہ) is a Pakistani Politician and Member of Senate of Pakistan, currently serving as Chairperson- Senate Committee on States and Frontier Regions.	Muhammad Saleh Shah	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Vaclav Vaca (pronounced Vatslaf Vasa) is a surrealist artist from the Czech Republic who was born in 1948.	Vaclav Vaca	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Amelia Penichet (born Amelia Rogelia Penichet-Rodriguez on December 2, 1916 in New York City, New York) is a journalist and historian living in Cuba.	Amelia Penichet	Cuba
country of citizenship	Nacho Canut (June 5, 1957 in Valencia, Spain) is the bass player and one of the main composers (along with Alaska) of the band Fangoria.	Nacho Canut	Spain
country of citizenship	Abdul Hadi Shekaib (27 April 1940) born in Kabul is a former Afghanistan athlete, who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympic Games in the Men's 100m and the Men's 4 × 100 m Relay, he failed to advance in either.	Abdul Hadi Shekaib	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Zana Krasniqi (born September 15, 1988 in Pristina) is a Kosovar fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Kosovo 2008.	Zana Krasniqi	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Dan Berglund (born 5 May 1963 in Pilgrimstad, Sweden) is a Swedish musician (upright bass) that is especially well known within jazz and fusion.	Dan Berglund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Yoon Kyung-won (Korean: 윤경원; born 1 January 1982 in South Korea) is a Korean professional ice hockey defenceman.	Yoon Kyung-won	South Korea
country of citizenship	Rasmus Nøhr (born 7 March 1972 in København) is a Danish musician, composer, and guitarist who had a breakthrough in Denmark with the song Det glade pizzabud, a duet with Ida Corr.	Rasmus Nøhr	Denmark
country of citizenship	A.H. Heineken Prize for Art. Aernout Mik by Maria Hlavajova, curator of the Dutch pavilion in Venice, selected in 2007 for the Netherlands to take part in the Venice Biennale.	Aernout Mik	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Adolf Froelich was born in Łaziska, Opole Lubelskie County, Poland, to parents Reinhold Froelich and Antonina Wilhelmina Józefina Froelich (née Majewska).	Adolf Froelich	Poland
country of citizenship	V. Sambasivan (1929--1996) was a famous ``Kadhaprasangam'' artist of Kerala, India.	V. Sambasivan	India
country of citizenship	Sheikh Jamal (28 April 1954 - 15 August 1975) was the second son of Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib and Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the first president of Bangladesh.	Sheikh Jamal	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Matej Juhart (born November 19, 1976) is a German bobsledder who competed for his native Germany and now Croatia and has been a regular in international bobsled competitions since 2005.	Matej Juhart	Germany
country of citizenship	Lalrinkimi Varte (born April 19, 1988), better known by her stage name Mami Varte, is a Mizo singer who became successful in Northeast India as a musician.	Mami Varte	India
country of citizenship	Jose Vicente P. Mapa III, who is better known by his screen name Jao Mapa (born February 11, 1976), is a popular actor in the Philippines.	Jao Mapa	Philippines
country of citizenship	Hadi Teherani (born 2 February 1954, in Teheran, Iran) is a German-Iranian architect and designer who lives in Hamburg, Germany.	Hadi Teherani	Iran	Germany
country of citizenship	Elwell Stephen Otis (March 25, 1838 -- October 21, 1909) was a United States of America General who served in the Philippines late in the Spanish--	Elwell Stephen Otis	United States of America
country of citizenship	Louis Loucheur and the Shaping of Modern France 1916-1931.	Louis Loucheur	France
country of citizenship	Kristof Vizvary (born 21 August 1983 in Lower Austria) is a professional handball player.	Kristof Vizvary	Austria
country of citizenship	Shaun Ata is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally in Australia and England.	Shaun Ata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Francisco de Jesus (born May 9, 1956) is a retired boxer from Brazil, who competed in the men's light-middleweight division (-- 71 kg) during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Francisco de Jesus	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mohammad Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah (born 10 October 1955) is the former deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of Kuwait.	Mohammad Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Eduardo Salhuana is a former member of the Congress of Peru of the Perú Posible party representing Madre de Dios.	Eduardo Salhuana	Peru
country of citizenship	Hansel Izquierdo (born January 2, 1977 in Havana, Cuba) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher.	Hansel Izquierdo	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sun Sopanha (born 2 March 1985 in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is Cambodian footballer who plays for home town club Nagacorp in Cambodian League.	Sun Sopanha	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Jerzy Duszyński (ˈjɛʐɨ duˈʂɨɲskʲi) was one of the most popular actors in a post-war Poland.	Jerzy Duszyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Craig Cachopa (born 17 January 1992) is a professional cricketer who plays for Sussex in English county cricket, having previously played for Auckland and Wellington at New Zealand domestic level.	Craig Cachopa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aristidh Parapani (1926--1979) was a former Albanian footballer who played for Sportklub Tiranë and Partizani Tirana as well as the Albania national team.	Aristidh Parapani	Albania
country of citizenship	Muhsin Ertuğrul was bestowed the title Honorary Doctor by Ege University on 23 April 1979 in recognition for his contribution to the theatre and cinema of Turkey.	Muhsin Ertuğrul	Turkey
country of citizenship	Oscar Milani was born in Rosario, Argentina, November 24, 1946, where he studied medicine and music.	Oscar Milani	Argentina
country of citizenship	Paula Morris (born 18 August 1965) is a novelist and short story writer from New Zealand.	Paula Morris	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Petru Groza (7 December 1884 -- 7 January 1958) was a Romanian politician, best known as the Prime Minister of the first Communist Party-dominated governments under Soviet occupation during the early stages of the Communist regime in Romania.	Petru Groza	Romania
country of citizenship	William Sanderson Fitzgerald (12 November 1838--27 January 1920) was a New Zealand teacher and educationalist.	William Sanderson Fitzgerald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Louis Chamniern Santisukniram (Thai: หลุยส์ จำเนียร สันติสุขนิรันดร์; rtgs: Chamnian Santisukniran; born October 30, 1942) is the Archbishop of Thare and Nonseng, Thailand.	Louis Chamniern Santisukniram	Thailand
country of citizenship	Born in 1931 in Lucea, Barrington Watson made his original mark in Jamaica as a football player for Kingston College.	Barrington Watson	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Ledjie Taq is the Kepala adat of the Wehea Dayak village of Nehas Liah Bing, East Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Ledjie Taq	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Katzian (born October 28, 1956 in Stockerau, Austria) is an Austrian trade unionist.	Wolfgang Katzian	Austria
country of citizenship	Sergio García Michel (July 28, 1945 in Mexico City, Mexico -- September 19, 2010 in Mexico City) was an influential Mexican film director and professor, considered one of the key figures of Super 8 cinema and part of the counterculture movements of La Onda and Rupestre.	Sergio García Michel	Mexico
country of citizenship	Sharad Singh Bhandari is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Madhesi Jana Adhikar Forum, Nepal.	Sharad Singh Bhandari	Nepal
country of citizenship	Dieter Cunz (August 4, 1910 -- February 17, 1969) was an emigre from Nazi Germany to the United States who taught German language and literature as a professor at the University of Maryland from 1939 to 1957 and at Ohio State University from 1957 until his death in 1969.	Dieter Cunz	Germany
country of citizenship	Gaurav Gogoi is an active politician of Indian National Congress in Assam state of India from Tai-Ahom community.	Gaurav Gogoi	India
country of citizenship	Erwin Wurm (born 1954) is an Austrian artist born in Bruck an der Mur, Styria, Austria.	Erwin Wurm	Austria
country of citizenship	Moses Appaqaq Jr. (born: April 2, 1946) is a soapstone carver former retail clerk, and a former territorial level politician from Sanikiluaq, Northwest Territories (now Nunavut, Canada).	Moses Appaqaq	Canada
country of citizenship	Haris Kastanidis (Greek: Χάρης Καστανίδης, born on 11 March 1956 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek politician who served as Minister for Justice, Transparency and Human Rights and Minister for the Interior under George Papandreou.	Haris Kastanidis	Greece
country of citizenship	Patricio Coll is a movie director from Argentina who has worked in film, video and TV, both in Argentina and Venezuela and Spain.	Patricio Coll	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rusiate Rogoyawa (born May 16, 1961. Cikobia, Fiji) is a former Fijian cross-country skier.	Rusiate Rogoyawa	Fiji
country of citizenship	Fatoş Yıldırım was called up to the Turkey girls' U-17 team, and debuted in the friendly match against Bulgaria on June 27, 2009.	Fatoş Yıldırım	Turkey
country of citizenship	Colonel Fiqri Dine was Prime Minister of Albania's Quisling government under Nazi Germany.	Fiqri Dine	Albania
country of citizenship	Pedro de Araújo Lima, Marquis of Olinda (22 December 1793 -- 7 June 1870) was a politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil.	Pedro de Araújo Lima, Marquis of Olinda	Brazil
country of citizenship	Rakshanda Khan was born into a Muslim family on September 27, 1974 in Mumbai, India.	Rakshanda Khan	India
country of citizenship	Hermann Schussler was born in what is today Rastede, Germany.	Hermann Schussler	Germany
country of citizenship	In July 2005 the European Court of Human Rights ruled that both Moldova and the Russian Federation were responsible for the unlawful detention and torture and ill-treatment suffered by Ilie Ilașcu, Alexandru Leșco, Andrei Ivanţoc, and Tudor Petrov-Popa.	Alexandru Leșco	Moldova
country of citizenship	Carlos Henrique de Brito Cruz, born in Rio de Janeiro on July 19, 1956, is one of Brazil's most noted physicists and a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences.	Carlos Henrique de Brito Cruz	Brazil
country of citizenship	M. D. Nandana Gunathilake is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Nandana Gunathilake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Alan McLeod McCulloch AO (5 August 1907 -- 21 December 1992) was one of Australia's foremost art critics for more than 60 years, an art historian and gallery director, cartoonist, and painter.	Alan McLeod McCulloch	Australia
country of citizenship	Mushir-ul-Haq wrote several books namely - Religion and Politics in Muslim India (1857-1947):	Mushir-ul-Haq	India
country of citizenship	Petros Klampanis (born July 15, 1981 in Zakynthos, Greece), is a bassist, composer, arranger, producer and educator.	Petros Klampanis	Greece
country of citizenship	Cheenu Pillai is a self-taught artist from chennai, India who blends European expressionism with dravidian themes.	Cheenu Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Hermann Askan Demme in German, French and Italian in the online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland.	Hermann Askan Demme	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Oscar Ariel González Mezzenasco (born October 28, 1974 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an Argentine naturalized Mexican footballer who plays as a center forward, for Irapuato.	Ariel González	Argentina
country of citizenship	Indrachapa Liyanage was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka, on January 13, 1982 and educated at Ananda College Colombo.	Indrachapa Liyanage	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Serhiy Petrovych Klyuyev (Ukrainian: Сергій Петрович Клюєв) is a Ukrainian businessman and a member of the Ukrainian Parliament, Serhiy Klyuyev was born on August 19, 1969 in Donetsk (Soviet Union).	Serhiy Klyuyev	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Gukov (Russian: Александр Гуков; born 18 March 1972 in Minsk) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Belarus, who won two gold medal in the men's breaststroke events at the 1997 European Championships in Seville, Spain.	Aleksandr Gukov	Belarus
country of citizenship	Asadullah Jan is a citizen of Pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	Asadullah Jan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jeremiah Lucas Opira (August 28, 1933 -- November 22, 2000) was a Ugandan politician and the National Executive Secretary of the Uganda National Liberation Front (UNLF) 1979-1980.	Jeremiah Lucas Opira	Uganda
country of citizenship	Nelson Agresta del Carro (born August 2, 1955 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a retired Uruguayan footballer, who played for clubs of Uruguay, Argentina, Chile and Ecuador and the Uruguay national football team.	Nelson Agresta	Uruguay
country of citizenship	James Kwalia C'Kurui (born James Kwalia Chepkurui on 12 June 1984) is an athlete who represents Qatar after switching from his homeland Kenya.	James Kwalia	Kenya
country of citizenship	Mihailo Đurić (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаило Ђурић; 22 August 1925 -- 25 November 2011) was one of Serbia's most prominent philosophers.	Mihailo Đurić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Selasee is a World Music/Reggae artist from Ghana who lives in Boulder, Colorado most of the time.	Selasee	Ghana
country of citizenship	Marjorie de Sousa (born Marjorie de Sousa Rivas on April 23, 1980 in Las Acacias, Parroquia San Pedro, Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and actress of Portuguese descent.	Marjorie de Sousa	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Joseph Jaquet, born in Antwerp in Belgium, was the son of a baker.	Joseph Jaquet	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jo Morrison (née Steed) is a former New Zealand international netball representative, who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur.	Jo Morrison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Colonel Umar Farouk Ahmed was Military Administrator of Cross River State, Nigeria (August 1996 - August 1998) during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Umar Farouk Ahmed	Nigeria
country of citizenship	The Ladybirds also returned to Eurovision, backing Olivia Newton-John, singing on ``Long Live Love'', in the 1974 contest staged in Brighton, United Kingdom.	The Ladybirds	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Shivnath Singh (July 11, 1946 -- June 6, 2003) was one of the few great long-distance runners that India has produced.	Shivnath Singh	India
country of citizenship	Syed Abid Ali Abid (Urdu: سید عابد علی عابد) was an Urdu and Persian poet and educator who was born on 17 September 1906 in Dera Ismail Khan, British India and died in Lahore, Pakistan on 20 January 1971.	Abid Ali Abid	India
country of citizenship	Celia Correas de Zapata (born 9 October 1935 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an academic, poet, and author, and a leading scholar of the history of Latin American women writers.	Celia Correas de Zapata	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ignacio Mariscal (Oaxaca, Mexico July 5, 1829 -- Mexico City April 17, 1910) was an important Mexican writer, diplomat, and politician.	Ignacio Mariscal	Mexico
country of citizenship	Diongolo Traore (born 1914 in Bobo-Dioulasso, Burkina Faso, died April 18, 1971) was a Burkinabe politician who served in the French senate from 1952-1958.	Diongolo Traore	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Vlasta Pavić (born 24 May 1957) is a former mayor of Zagreb, the second woman to hold that office, and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Croatia (SDP).	Vlasta Pavić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Dr.Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma has been appointed as member of the Congress Manifesto Committee constituted by AICC (All India Congress Committee) for the upcoming Assembly Elections 2013 in the state of Rajasthan.He has also worked as member of the Congress Manifesto Committee in Assembly Elections 2008.	Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Paul Frommelt (born August 9, 1957 in Schaan) is a former Alpine skier from Liechtenstein and young brother of Willi Frommelt.	Paul Frommelt	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Prashant Pillai (born 8 September 1981) is a music producer and composer from India.	Prashant Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Túlio Mourão (born January 18, 1952) is a pianist and composer from Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Túlio Mourão	Brazil
country of citizenship	Carlton Lindsay Barrett, also known as Eseoghene (born 15 September 1941), is a Jamaican poet, novelist, essayist, playwright, journalist and photographer who lives in Nigeria.	Lindsay Barrett	Nigeria
country of citizenship	David Aloua (born April 24, 1987, Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand professional cruiserweight boxer.	David Aloua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Athar Minallah is a High Court lawyer in Pakistan and the former spokesperson of Justice Iftikhar Chohadry during Justice Movement.	Athar Minallah	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Loïc Rémy (born 2 January 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the France national team, primarily as a striker.	Loïc Rémy	France
country of citizenship	Bojan Isailović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Иcaилoвић, born 25 March 1980 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian former football player.	Bojan Isailović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Born and raised in Breslau Germany, Joachim Kuettner put his early interest in the atmosphere aside to complete a doctorate in law and economics at age 21.	Joachim Kuettner	Germany
country of citizenship	Ronald Ernest Aitchison (1921--1996), was born in Hurstville, NSW, Australia on 29 December 1921.	Ronald Ernest Aitchison	Australia
country of citizenship	Mats Ronander (born 1 April 1954, Sundsvall, Sweden) is a Swedish rock musician, guitar player, producer and composer.	Mats Ronander	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jerome Chen FRSC (simplified Chinese: 陈志让; traditional Chinese: 陳志讓; pinyin: Chén Zhìràng) (b. 1919 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China) is a noted Chinese historian.	Jerome Chen	China
country of citizenship	Tapani Kalliomäki (born 1970 in Tampere, Finland) is a Finnish stage and film actor.	Tapani Kalliomäki	Finland
country of citizenship	Manju Nadgoda (born 11 July 1976, in Belgaum, Karnataka) is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Manju Nadgoda	India
country of citizenship	Chennas Narayanan Namboodiripad (born 1428) was a 15th-century mathematician from Kerala, India.	Chennas Narayanan Namboodiripad	India
country of citizenship	Tomi Kalliola, although generally recognised by his stage name, Narqath, was born in Finland on 11 October 1979.	Narqath	Finland
country of citizenship	Marco Maggi (born 1957 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a New York and Uruguay based artist whose work incorporates common materials such as office paper, aluminum foil, graphite and apples to create micro drawings, sculptures and macro installations Maggi will represent Uruguay at the upcoming 2015 Venice Biennale.	Marco Maggi	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Miriam Meyerhoff is a New Zealand sociolinguist.	Miriam Meyerhoff	New Zealand
creator	Jeopardy! is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin.	Jeopardy!	Merv Griffin
creator	Babylon 5 is an American science fiction television series created by writer and producer J. Michael Straczynski, under the Babylonian Productions label, in association with Straczynski's Synthetic Worlds Ltd. and Warner Bros. Domestic Television.	Babylon 5	J. Michael Straczynski
creator	All Hands to the Pumps is an 1888-89 painting by British artist Henry Scott Tuke.	All Hands to the Pumps	Henry Scott Tuke
creator	Under Carmony's direction, Linspire started and sponsored Nvu, hiring Daniel Glazman, former Netscape Communications Corporation employee, to be the lead developer.	Nvu	Daniel Glazman
creator	Naked Video was a BBC Scotland comedy series, broadcast between 1986 and 1991 on BBC2, the series was created by Colin Gilbert who also created A Kick Up the Eighties and Naked Radio.	Naked Video	Colin Gilbert
creator	QB VII by Leon Uris is a dramatic courtroom novel published in 1970.	QB VII	Leon Uris
creator	Sculpted by Danish-American Gutzon Borglum and his son, Lincoln Borglum, Mount Rushmore features 60-foot (18 m) sculptures of the heads of four United States presidents:	Mount Rushmore	Gutzon Borglum	Lincoln Borglum
creator	Circle Limit III is a woodcut made in 1959 by Dutch artist M. C. Escher, in which ``strings of fish shoot up like rockets from infinitely far away'' and then ``fall back again whence they came''.	Circle Limit III	M. C. Escher
creator	Thatched Cottages and Houses is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh that he painted in May 1890 when he lived in Auvers-sur-Oise, France.	Thatched Cottages and Houses	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Cuckoo Waltz was a British television sitcom made by Granada Television for the ITV network between 1975 and 1977 and in 1980, written by Geoffrey Lancashire, produced and directed by Bill Gilmour.	The Cuckoo Waltz	Geoffrey Lancashire
date of birth	Julia Lebedeva (born 26 February 1978) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Russia and Armenia.	Julia Lebedeva	26 February 1978
date of birth	Rafael Fernández Pérez (born 13 June 1980), commonly known as Rafa, is a Spanish futsal player who plays for ElPozo Murcia as a Goalkeeper.	Rafael Fernández Pérez	13 June 1980
date of birth	Paul Dolezar also known as Pavle Dolezar and Paja Dolezar (born 1 May 1946) is a football manager best known for his time in South Africa.	Paul Dolezar	1 May 1946
date of birth	Dave Carson (born 1955) is a Northern Ireland--born artist and novel illustrator.	Dave Carson	1955
date of birth	Raymundo Rodríguez González (15 April 1905 - date of death unknown), nicknamed Mapache, - was a Mexican footballer.	Raymundo Rodríguez	15 April 1905
date of birth	Jiřína Adamičková-Pelcová (born 22 November 1969) is a retired Czechoslovak, later Czech biathlete.	Jiřína Adamičková-Pelcová	22 November 1969
date of birth	Ronald Koeman (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈroːnɑlt ˈkumɑn); born 21 March 1963) is a former Dutch footballer and the current manager of English club Southampton.	Ronald Koeman	21 March 1963
date of birth	Paul Garrin (born 1957) is an interdisciplinary artist and social entrepreneur whose work explores the social impact of technology and issues of media access, free speech, public/private space, and the digital divide.	Paul Garrin	1957
date of birth	Pepe, real name Marcos Paulo Aguiar de Jesus (born 4 October 1983) is a Brazilian footballer.	Marcos Paulo Aguiar de Jesus	4 October 1983
date of birth	Carsten Juste (born 6 July 1947) is a Danish journalist and former editor-in-chief of Jyllands-Posten, a Danish large-circulation newspaper.	Carsten Juste	6 July 1947
date of birth	Bhushan Kumar (born Bhushan Dua Kumar; 27 November 1977) is an Indian film producer and Music producer.	Bhushan Kumar	27 November 1977
date of birth	Habib Nasib Nader (born 1979) is a British actor, best known for his role as Gregory in the BBC television comedy Little Britain, written by and starring Matt Lucas and David Walliams.	Habib Nasib Nader	1979
date of birth	Jovan Hadžić (pseudonym Miloš Svetić; Sombor, 8 September 1799-Novi Sad, 28 April 1869) was a Serbian writer and legislator.	Jovan Hadžić	8 September 1799
date of birth	Brandon Auret (born 27 December 1972) is a South African actor known for his starring role as Leon du Plessis in the SABC3 soap opera Isidingo.	Brandon Auret	27 December 1972
date of birth	Dardan Selimaj (born 1984 in Prishtina, Kosovo) is a journalist, producer and music theorist.	Dardan Selimaj	1984
date of birth	Richard Grey, 3rd Earl of Tankerville, 8th Lord of Powys (5 November 1436 -- c. 1466) fought on the side of the House of York in the War of the Roses.	Richard Grey, 3rd Earl of Tankerville	5 November 1436
date of birth	Sir Simeon Jacobs C.M.G. (1839 -- June 15, 1883) was a Judge in the Supreme Court of the Cape of Good Hope.	Simeon Jacobs	1839
date of birth	Justin Robertson (born 11 June 1968 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey) is an English electronic musician, DJ ,record producer and Artist	Justin Robertson	11 June 1968
date of birth	Charles J. O'Byrne (born 1959) is an executive at Related Rentals Companies, an American lawyer and former political staffer to Governor of New York David Paterson, serving as Secretary to the Governor.	Charles J. O'Byrne	1959
date of birth	Cheng Wu (born 201) was a politician of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history.	Cheng Wu	201
date of birth	Dag Mejdell (born 28 June 1957) is a Norwegian businessperson and current Chief Executive Officer of Posten Norge, the Norwegian Postal Service as well as Chairman of the Board of ErgoGroup.	Dag Mejdell	28 June 1957
date of birth	Austin Atupele Muluzi (born 6 August 1978) is a Malawian politician and Member of Parliament for Machinga North East constituency since 2004.	Atupele Muluzi	6 August 1978
date of birth	David Ing (born 1957) is a Canadian systems scientist, business architect, management consultant and marketing scientist.	David Ing	1957
date of birth	Vera von Falkenhausen (born 1938) is a German Byzantinist who lives and works in Italy.	Vera von Falkenhausen	1938
date of birth	Àngels Ribé (born 1943 in Barcelona) is considered one of the most important Catalan conceptual artists of the 70s.	Àngels Ribé	1943
date of birth	Diego Aguirre Parra (Spanish pronunciation: ('djeɣo a'ɣire 'para); born 17 October 1990) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a left winger or left back.	Diego Aguirre Parra	17 October 1990
date of birth	Stefano Malinverni (born 14 May 1959) was an Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Stefano Malinverni	14 May 1959
date of birth	Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar (Marathi: तन्वी गणेश लोणकर) (born 5 March 1995) is an Indian actress best known for her 2008 role as the teenage version of 'Latika', a character in the Academy Award-winning film Slumdog Millionaire.	Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar	5 March 1995
date of birth	Zdeněk Pouzar (born 13 April 1932) is a Czech mycologist.	Zdeněk Pouzar	13 April 1932
date of birth	Daniel Brooks (born 23 June 1958) is a Canadian theatre director, actor and playwright.	Daniel Brooks	23 June 1958
date of birth	Margaret Berger (born 11 October 1985) is a Norwegian singer, songwriter, music director, and DJ. She made her debut on Sony BMG after she placed second on the second season of Norwegian Idol in 2004.	Margaret Berger	11 October 1985
date of birth	Rosamond Mary Monckton, married name Rosamond Mary Lawson, (born 26 October 1953 in Westminster, London) is an English business woman and charity campaigner, usually known as Rosa Monckton.	Rosa Monckton	26 October 1953
date of birth	Olbram Zoubek (born 21 April 1926 in Prague) is a famous Czech contemporary sculptor and designer.	Olbram Zoubek	21 April 1926
date of birth	Wang Jiarui (Chinese: 王家瑞; born September 1949) is a Chinese politician and senior diplomat, currently serving as the Vice Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.	Wang Jiarui	1949
date of birth	Ahmed Samir Farag (Arabic: أحمد سمير فرج‎; born 20 May 1986) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Al-Ismaily and Egyptian national football team.	Ahmed Samir Farag	20 May 1986
date of birth	Neil Sullivan (born 24 February 1970) is a former professional Scottish internationalist footballer.	Neil Sullivan	24 February 1970
date of birth	Michael Laimo (born 1966 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American horror author.	Michael Laimo	1966
date of birth	Huang Fan (Chinese: 黃凡) is a contemporary Taiwanese writer, born in 1950.	Huang Fan	1950
date of birth	Mao Xiaobing (Chinese: 毛小兵; pinyin: Máo Xiǎobīng; born April 1965) is a former Chinese politician and mining executive.	Mao Xiaobing	1965
date of birth	Denman Maroney (born 1949) is a jazz musician who plays what he calls ``hyperpiano''.	Denman Maroney	1949
date of birth	Radu Troi, (12 June 1949 in Dragomireşti, Giurgiu), is a former Romanian professional football player.	Radu Troi	12 June 1949
date of birth	Steven Pitt (born 22 July 1973) is a former Australian rules football player.	Steven Pitt	22 July 1973
date of birth	Gretel Beer (Vienna, 11 July 1921--11 August 2010, Deal, Kent) was an Austrian-born English author of cooking books and travel reports.	Gretel Beer	11 July 1921
date of birth	Anahita Uberoi (born 1967) is an Indian stage actress working actively in theater circuit.	Anahita Uberoi	1967
date of birth	Morten Sigval Bergesen (born 2 June 1951) is a Norwegian ship-owner.	Morten Sigval Bergesen	2 June 1951
date of birth	Jozef Pisár (born 20 July 1971) is a former Slovak football striker who recently played for the Slovak 2.	Jozef Pisár	20 July 1971
date of birth	Javier Lozano Cid (born 28 October 1960) is a Spanish former futsal player and World Cup champion two times as a manager.	Javier Lozano Cid	28 October 1960
date of birth	Jonathan Clements (born 9 July 1971) is a British author and scriptwriter.	Jonathan Clements	9 July 1971
date of birth	Deng Shichang (4 October 1849 -- 17 September 1894), courtesy name Zhengqing, posthumous name Zhuangjie, was a Chinese military officer who lived in the late Qing dynasty.	Deng Shichang	1849
date of birth	Bruno Grollo (born 1942, Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian businessman.	Bruno Grollo	1942
date of birth	Erik Chopin (born 1970) is the winner of The Biggest Loser (season 3) in 2006.	Erik Chopin	1970
date of birth	David Johnny (born 5 January 1982) is a Malaysian footballer from the state of Sabah.	David Johnny	5 January 1982
date of birth	Countess Alexandra Branitskaya née von Engelhardt (Russian: Александра Васильевна Браницкая, 1754--1838), also known as Saneckka and Countess Branicka, was a Russian noble.	Alexandra Branitskaya	1754
date of birth	Serge Crasnianski (born 3 July 1942) is a French entrepreneur who founded in 1963 the Grenoble based Key Independent System (KIS).	Serge Crasnianski	3 July 1942
date of birth	Andrew Bulumakau (born 28 July 1992) is a Scottish Professional rugby union player who plays Doncaster Knights in the RFU Championship.	Andrew Bulumakau	28 July 1992
date of birth	Anton Csorich (Croatian: Antun Čorić; 1795--1864) was the baron od Monte Creto and became a general in the Austrian Army and then was promoted to the position of lieutenant field marshal when he became second chief of the 15th Infantry Regiment.	Anton Csorich	1795
date of birth	Elise Dethloff, née Stoltz (3 February 1872 -- 22 January 1931) was a Norwegian physician.	Elise Dethloff	3 February 1872
date of birth	Neil Slatter (born 30 May 1964 in Cardiff) is a Welsh former professional footballer, who played at left back.	Neil Slatter	30 May 1964
date of birth	Marcel Kittel (born 11 May 1988) is a German racing cyclist, who rides for Etixx--	Marcel Kittel	11 May 1988
date of birth	Óscar Meléndez (born 21 March 1966, San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican singer and former member of boy band Menudo.	Óscar Meléndez	21 March 1966
date of birth	John Berton Carnett (1890--1988) was an American surgeon remembered for Carnett's sign.	John Berton Carnett	1890
date of birth	Benjamin Edwin Minns (17 November 1863 -- 21 February 1937) was an Australian artist, recognised as one of Australia's foremost watercolourists.	Benjamin Edwin Minns	17 November 1863
date of birth	Damon Hague (born 29 October 1970) is a former two weight World Boxing Foundation champion.	Damon Hague	29 October 1970
date of birth	Cale Morton (born 18 January 1990) is an Australian rules football player, recruited at pick 4 in the 2007 AFL Draft by the Melbourne Football Club.	Cale Morton	18 January 1990
date of birth	Mahamanyabar Rajkumar Srila-Srijukta Nabadwipchandra Dev Burman (1854 - September 5, 1931), also transliterated as Nabadwip Chandra Deb Barman, was a noted Indian sitarist and Dhrupad singer.	Nabadwipchandra Dev Burman	1854
date of birth	Branislav Simić (born 21 March 1935) is a retired Serbian wrestler of the Greco-Roman style.	Branislav Simić	21 March 1935
date of birth	Frederick Campbell Rose CSI (1865 -- 18 July 1946) was a Scottish civil engineer who spent most of his career in India.	Frederick Campbell Rose	1865
date of birth	Rebecca Quin (born 30 January 1987) is an Irish professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where she wrestles under the ring name Becky Lynch.	Becky Lynch	30 January 1987
date of birth	Kenith Trodd (born 1936, Southampton, Hampshire) is a British television producer best known for his long association with television playwright Dennis Potter.	Kenith Trodd	1936
date of birth	Richard Scheer (born 9 March 1974) is a Franco-Seychellois former weightlifter who competed in the sport for twenty years.	Richard Scheer	9 March 1974
date of birth	María Esther Orozco Orozco (born 25 April 1945) is a Mexican biologist, researcher and politician.	Esther Orozco	25 April 1945
date of birth	Nikephoros Theotokis or Nikiforos Theotokis (Greek: Νικηφόρος Θεοτόκης; Russian: Никифор Феотоки or Никифор Феотокис; 1731--1800) was a Greek scholar and theologian, who became an archbishop in the southern provinces of the Russian Empire.	Nikephoros Theotokis	1731
date of birth	Yuval Avidor (Hebrew: יובל אבידור‎; born 19 October 1986) is an Israeli football player who plays for Bnei Sakhnin.	Yuval Avidor	19 October 1986
date of birth	Tellu Turkka (formerly Tellu Paulasto, Tellu Virkkala, born 1969, Koskenpää) is a Finnish fiddler and singer in the contemporary folk / neo-folk music genre.	Tellu Turkka	1969
date of birth	Chihiro Kato (加藤 千尋 Kato Chihiro, born 22 November 1988) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.	Chihiro Kato	22 November 1988
date of birth	Wout Brama (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋʌut ˈbraːmɐ)) (born 21 August 1986) is a Dutch footballer.	Wout Brama	21 August 1986
date of birth	Mariangela Perrupato (born 15 September 1988) is an Italian synchronized swimmer.	Mariangela Perrupato	15 September 1988
date of birth	Ermesinde of Carcassonne (ca. 972 -- March 1, 1058) was a noblewoman in southern France.	Ermesinde of Carcassonne	972
date of birth	Stephen Kettle (born 12 July 1966, in Castle Bromwich, Warwickshire, England) is a British sculptor who works exclusively with slate.	Stephen Kettle	12 July 1966
date of birth	Vanessa Proux (born 31 May 1974) is a French biologist and the current President of Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris.	Vanessa Proux	31 May 1974
date of birth	Alexander Nikolayevich Samokhvalov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Самохва́лов; 21 August 1894 - 20 August 1971) was a Soviet Russian painter, watercolorist, graphic artist, illustrator, art teacher and Honored Arts Worker of the RSFSR, who lived and worked in Leningrad.	Alexander Nikolayevich Samokhvalov	21 August 1894
date of birth	Morten Skogstad (born 26 June 1962) is the drummer in the Norwegian hard rock/glam metal band Stage Dolls.	Morten Skogstad	26 June 1962
date of birth	Raúl Alcalá Gallegos (born 3 March 1964) is a former professional road racing cyclist, who competed between 1985 and 1999 and again in 2008 and 2010.	Raúl Alcalá	3 March 1964
date of birth	Jürgen Röber (born 25 December 1953) is a German football player and manager who last managed Ankaraspor.	Jürgen Röber	25 December 1953
date of birth	Hucbald (Hucbaldus, Hubaldus) (c. 840 or 850 -- June 20, 930) was a Frankish music theorist, composer, teacher, writer, hagiographer, and Benedictine monk.	Hucbald	840
date of birth	Bartosz Piasecki (IPA: (ˈbartɔʂ pjaˈsɛt͡skʲi); born 9 December 1986) is a Norwegian fencer.	Bartosz Piasecki	9 December 1986
date of birth	Blake Ayshford (born 15 April 1988) is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the Australian NRL competition.	Blake Ayshford	15 April 1988
date of birth	Anita Berber (10 June 1899 -- 10 November 1928) was a German dancer, actress, and writer who was the subject of an Otto Dix painting.	Anita Berber	10 June 1899
date of birth	Jacques Nicolet (born 5 April 1956 in Gigondas) is a French businessman and racing driver.	Jacques Nicolet	5 April 1956
date of birth	Pearl Argyle (7 November 1910 -- 29 January 1947) was a South African ballet dancer and actress.	Pearl Argyle	7 November 1910
date of birth	Peter Fuzes (born 14 May 1947) is an Australian former association soccer player.	Peter Fuzes	14 May 1947
date of birth	Kutski (born John Walker on 4 February 1982), is a radio DJ. He was born in Chester, England.	Kutski	4 February 1982
date of birth	Alki Zei (Greek: Άλκη Ζέη) (born 1925) is a Greek novelist and children's writer.	Alki Zei	1925
date of birth	Thaao Penghlis (/ˌteɪ.oʊ ˈpɛŋ.ɡlɪs/, born 15 December 1945) is an Australian actor.	Thaao Penghlis	15 December 1945
date of birth	Kasper Bai (born 1974) is a Danish songwriter, composer, arranger and guitarist.	Kasper Bai	1974
date of birth	Erik Hollingsworth (born 23 August 1978 in United States), is a retired American rugby league football player, who played for the Glen Mills Bulls and the Connecticut Wildcats.	Erik Hollingsworth	23 August 1978
date of birth	Robert Godley (born 7 July 1971 in Whitstable, Kent) is a British designer of men's clothing.	Robert Godley	1971
date of birth	Dame Ann Marilyn Strathern, DBE (née Evans; born 6 March 1941) is a British anthropologist, who has worked largely with the natives of Papua New Guinea and dealt with issues in the UK of reproductive technologies.	Marilyn Strathern	6 March 1941
date of birth	Johan de Fin, also known as Jean de Fin, was born 15 September 1800 in Prague.	Johan de Fin	15 September 1800
date of birth	Katsumasa Miyamoto (Japanese: 宮本勝昌, born 28 August 1972) is a Japanese professional golfer.	Katsumasa Miyamoto	28 August 1972
date of birth	Jonathan Loughran (born 1966) is an American actor who is in most Happy Madison films with his friend, actor Adam Sandler.	Jonathan Loughran	1966
date of birth	Danny Porte (born 18 June 1975 in England) is an English former rugby union player who played for Glasgow Warriors at the Tighthead Prop position.	Danny Porte	18 June 1975
date of birth	Cam F. Awesome (born 1988, in Uniondale, New York), formerly known as Lenroy Thompson, is an American amateur boxer best known to win the US title in 2008, 2010, 2013 and 2014 and the Golden Gloves 2009, 2011 and 2013 at super heavyweight.	Cam F. Awesome	1988
date of birth	Chris Polglase (born 12 January 1978 in Newcastle), known professionally as The Jungle Drummer, is an electronic music session drummer.	Jungle Drummer	12 January 1978
date of birth	Frank Mace MacFarland (1869--1951) was an American malacologist associated with Stanford University in California.	Frank Mace MacFarland	1869
date of birth	Harwant Kaur (born 5 July, 1980) is an Indian discus thrower and shot putter.	Harwant Kaur	5 July, 1980
date of birth	Ralf Pönitzsch (born 20 October 1957) is a former East German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Ralf Pönitzsch	20 October 1957
date of birth	Fabrice Grinda (born 3 August 1974) is a French entrepreneur, blogger for Business Insider and super angel, with more than 150 investments around the world, including Alibaba Group, Airbnb, Beepi, FanDuel, Palantir and Windeln.	Fabrice Grinda	3 August 1974
date of birth	George Derek Varnals (born 24 July 1935 in Durban, Natal) is a former South African cricketer who played in three Tests in the 1964-65 season.	Derek Varnals	24 July 1935
date of birth	Toni Savevski (Macedonian: Тони Савевски; Greek: Τόνι Σαβέβσκι; born 14 June 1963) is a Macedonian football player.	Toni Savevski	14 June 1963
date of birth	James Strachey Barnes (1890--1955) was a British theorist of Fascism.	James Strachey Barnes	1890
date of birth	Antonio Nieto (born September 1967) is Vice President of Global Engineering with the Laureate International Universities.	Antonio Nieto	September 1967
date of birth	Hilal Musa (Arabic: هلال موسى‎, Hebrew: הילאל מוסא‎; born 31 May 1990) is an Arab-Israeli footballer who currently plays at Bnei Sakhnin.	Hilal Musa	31 May 1990
date of birth	Iain Farrington (born 1977) is a British pianist, organist, composer and arranger.	Iain Farrington	1977
date of birth	Erwin Kelm (1911 -- 1994) was an American businessman born in Minnesota.	Erwin Kelm	1911
date of birth	Eugeniu Plohotniuc - Rector Balti State University ``Alecu Russo'', born 18 August 1953 s.Bagrineshty Floresti region of Moldova.	Eugeniu Plohotniuc	18 August 1953
date of birth	Anna Svenjeby (born 1962) is a Swedish retired football player who played as a midfielder for Kronängs IF and Jitex BK in the Swedish Championship in the late 1970s and 1980s.	Anna Svenjeby	1962
date of birth	Ottilie Patterson (31 January 1932 -- 20 June 2011) was a Northern Irish blues singer best known for her performances and recordings with the Chris Barber Jazz Band in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Ottilie Patterson	31 January 1932
date of birth	Xiaolan Bao (1949 -- January 22, 2006) was a Burmese-American historian, educator, and researcher.	Xiaolan Bao	1949
date of birth	Dame Rachel Waterhouse, DBE (born 2 January 1923) is a local historian of Birmingham and the West Midlands of England, consumer affairs activist and writer.	Rachel Waterhouse	2 January 1923
date of birth	Stanley Ng Chau-pei (born February 1970) is a Hong Kong pro-Beijing politician and trade unionist and the Chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions (HKFTU), the largest trade union in Hong Kong.	Ng Chau-pei	1970
date of birth	Sang Chul Lee (born 1924) was the 32nd Moderator of the United Church of Canada and the first person of Asian descent to hold the position.	Sang Chul Lee	1924
date of birth	Alexander Bain 1811-1877, visitdunkeld.com.	Alexander Bain	1811
date of birth	Stephan Hartmann (born 1 March 1968) is a German philosopher and Professor of Philosophy of Science at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, known for his contributions to formal epistemology.	Stephan Hartmann	1968
date of birth	Antonella Interlenghi (born 6 August 1960) is an Italian stage, film and television actress.	Antonella Interlenghi	6 August 1960
date of birth	Rudolf Otepka (born 13 November 1973 is a Czech football player who plays as a midlefielder for Czech club Dynamo České Budějovice. In October 2011, Otepka became the 11th player to play 400 matches in the Czech, and previously Czechoslovak top flight.	Rudolf Otepka	13 November 1973
date of birth	Chris Joyce (born Manchester, England, 11 October 1957) is known for being drummer with various new wave groups and with Simply Red in the 1980s.	Chris Joyce	11 October 1957
date of birth	Thomas Ainslie Caterer (16 May 1858 - 25 August 1924) was a leading South Australian cricketer, cricket administrator and educator of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Ainslie Caterer	16 May 1858
date of birth	Per Egil Hegge (born 6 March 1940) is a Norwegian journalist.	Per Egil Hegge	6 March 1940
date of birth	Phillip Blond (born 1 March 1966) is an English political philosopher, Anglican theologian and director of the ResPublica think tank.	Phillip Blond	1 March 1966
date of birth	Arne Vodder (16 February 1926 -- 27 December 2009) was a Danish furniture designer, a close friend and partner of Finn Juhl who had been his teacher.	Arne Vodder	16 February 1926
date of birth	Khishigbatyn Erdenet-Od (Mongolian: Хишигбатын Эрдэнэт-Од; born 7 July 1975) is a retired Mongolian judoka.	Khishigbatyn Erdenet-Od	7 July 1975
date of birth	Torill Fonn (born 1 November 1967) is a Swedish ultramarathon runner from Skövde.	Torill Fonn	1 November 1967
date of birth	John Van Hamersveld (born 1941, Baltimore, Maryland, United States) is an American graphic artist and illustrator who designed record jackets for pop and psychedelic bands, since the 1960s.	John Van Hamersveld	1941
date of birth	Leonardo Pinizzotto (born 14 August 1986) is an Italian cyclist, who last rode for UCI Continental team Amore & Vita-Selle SMP in 2014 season.	Leonardo Pinizzotto	14 August 1986
date of birth	Sven Patrik Lövgren (born 12 October 1975 in Malmö) is a retired Swedish athlete who specialised in sprinting events.	Patrik Lövgren	12 October 1975
date of birth	Cheng Chao-Tsun (born 17 October 1993) is a Taiwanese athlete specialising in the javelin throw.	Cheng Chao-Tsun	17 October 1993
date of birth	Dame Jane Elizabeth Ailwên Phillips, DBE (born 14 May 1933), known professionally as Siân Phillips (/ˈʃɑːn/), is a Welsh actress.	Siân Phillips	14 May 1933
date of birth	Harold Fern (20 April 1881 -- 21 August 1974) was the British president of swimming's world governing body, FINA from 1936 -- 1948.	Harold Fern	20 April 1881
date of birth	Peter Schrank (born 23 September 1952 in St Gallen, Switzerland) is a political cartoonist whose work appears in the UK's Independent on Sunday newspaper, The Economist magazine, and Ireland's Sunday Business Post.	Peter Schrank	23 September 1952
date of birth	Lech Garlicki (born 23 August 1946 in Warsaw) is a Polish jurist and constitutional law specialist.	Lech Garlicki	23 August 1946
date of birth	Amy Roselle (1854 - 17 November 1895) was an English actress who performed in Britain, the U.S. and Australia.	Amy Roselle	1854
date of birth	Eliezer Kulas (Hebrew: אליעזר קולס‎, born 29 August 1944) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988.	Eliezer Kulas	29 August 1944
date of birth	Stanley Bootle, known as Stan Kelly-Bootle (15 September 1929 -- 16 April 2014) was a British author, singer-songwriter and computer scientist.	Stan Kelly-Bootle	15 September 1929
date of birth	Aleix García Serrano (born 28 June 1997) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Manchester City as a Defensive Midfielder in the Elite Development Squad.	Aleix García Serrano	28 June 1997
date of birth	Stanley Sfekas (Greek: Στάνλεϋ Σφήκας; born 1942) is Professor Emeritus of Philosophy and Religion at the University of Indianapolis - Athens Campus and was born in the United States.	Stanley Sfekas	1942
date of birth	Jennifer Moon (1973- ) is a conceptual artist living in Los Angeles.	Jennifer Moon	1973
date of birth	Prince Léopold Biha (1919--2003) was a Burundian politician and a Tutsi.	Léopold Biha	1919
date of birth	José Luis Arrieta Lujambio (born 15 June 1971, in San Sebastián) is a retired Spanish professional road racing cyclist.	José Luis Arrieta	15 June 1971
date of birth	Lochlann Quinn (born in 1940) is an Irish businessman and philanthropist.	Lochlann Quinn	1940
date of birth	Sir Charles Hulse, 4th Baronet (1771--1854), of Breamore, near Fordingbridge, Hampshire and 4 New Burlington Street, Middlesex.	Charles Hulse	1771
date of birth	William Hogarth Tower (1871--1950), of New Jersey, USA was a postage stamp collector who endowed a ``stamp room'' at Princeton University.	William Hogarth Tower	1871
date of birth	Joshua Bassett or Basset (c. 1641 -- c.1720, London) was an English academic, Master of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge under James II.	Joshua Bassett	1641
date of birth	Karen Arnold (born 1964) is a British company director and a promoter of entrepreneurship and business education.	Karen Arnold	1964
date of birth	Gregory of Tatev, or Grigor Tatevatsi (Armenian: Գրիգոր Տաթևացի) (1346--1409 or 1410) was an Armenian philosopher, theologian and a saint in the Armenian Apostolic Church.	Gregory of Tatev	1346
date of birth	David Vavruška (born 14 September 1972) is a Czech football coach, since June 2015 working as a head coach of football club FK Teplice.	David Vavruška	14 September 1972
date of birth	Huang Bowen (simplified Chinese: 黄博文; traditional Chinese: 黃博文; pinyin: Huáng Bówén; born 13 July 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Huang Bowen	13 July 1987
date of birth	Orin O'Brien (born 1935) is an American double bassist.	Orin O'Brien	1935
date of birth	Milena Vukotic (born 23 April 1938) is a former ballerina and a stage, television, and film actress.	Milena Vukotic	23 April 1938
date of birth	Richard Aldborough (1607 -- 1649) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640.	Richard Aldborough	1607
date of birth	Vincent Marcone (born 1973) is a Canadian web designer, illustrator, film director, and musician.	Vincent Marcone	1973
date of birth	Wladimir Besnard (1890, St. Petersburg, Russia -- 1960, São Paulo, Brazil) was a French biologist and Brazilian oceanographer, and is considered to be the father of Brazilian oceanography.	Wladimir Besnard	1890
date of birth	William Ernest Bush (1861--1903) aka the Baron de Bush, was the only Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg-Gotha.	Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg-Gotha	1861
date of birth	Gottfried Knebel (born 1908) was a German botanist.	Gottfried Knebel	1908
date of birth	Catherine Jean Milligan (born 11 September 1986, Newtownards, County Down, Northern Ireland) was Miss Northern Ireland 2006 and represented her country in the Miss World finals in Poland.	Catherine Jean Milligan	11 September 1986
date of birth	Judd Tilyard (born 15 August 1978) is an Australian film director and producer, based in Toronto since 2010 where he is the co-owner and head of Production at Dimeworth Films.	Judd Tilyard	15 August 1978
date of birth	Ricky Dyson, (born 28 September 1985) is an Australian rules footballer originally from the Epping Football Club who in 2012 was delisted from Essendon in the AFL.	Ricky Dyson	28 September 1985
date of birth	Hans Metzger (born 1912) is a former German diplomat, who spent a part of his childhood in Finland.	Hans Metzger	1912
date of birth	Obiora Nwokolobia-Agu (born 9 June 1977), better known by his artistic name Obiora Obiwon, is a Nigerian singer, musician, songwriter, recording artiste, music minister and evangelist.	Obiwon	9 June 1977
date of birth	Magali de Lattre (born 14 June 1987, in Lausanne) is a Portuguese former professional tennis player.	Magali de Lattre	14 June 1987
date of birth	Stephen John Sutton (born 1964) is an Australian man who was imprisoned in Argentina.	Stephen John Sutton	1964
date of birth	Peter Courtenay (c. 1432 -- 23 September 1492) was Bishop of Exeter and Bishop of Winchester, and also had a successful political career during the tumultuous years of the Wars of the Roses.	Peter Courtenay	1432
date of birth	Philip Nobile (born 1942) is an American freelance writer, journalist, historian, teacher, and social critic/commentator.	Philip Nobile	1942
date of birth	Gao Chongwen (Chinese: 高崇文; 746--809), formally Prince Weiwu of Nanping (南平威武王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, most well known for his defeat of the warlord Liu Pi.	Gao Chongwen	746
date of birth	Andrew McCabe (born 29 August 1990 in Longreach, Queensland) is an Australian track and field sprinter.	Andrew McCabe	29 August 1990
date of birth	Gordon Jamieson (born 17 April 1983) is a much loved Scottish sporting hero.	Gordon Jamieson	17 April 1983
date of birth	Barry Lam (Chinese: 林百里; pinyin: Lín Bǎilǐ; Cantonese Yale: Lam4 Baak3 Lei5; born 1949 in Shanghai) is the founder and Chairman of Quanta Computer, the leading laptop producer worldwide.	Barry Lam	1949
date of birth	Antonio Carafa (1538 -- January 13, 1591) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal from the House of Carafa.	Antonio Carafa	1538
date of birth	Dante Ferretti (born 26 February 1943) is an Italian production designer, art director and costume designer.	Dante Ferretti	26 February 1943
date of birth	Deepti Bhatnagar (born 30 September 1967) is an Indian film actress and model.	Deepti Bhatnagar	30 September 1967
date of birth	Brad Morrin (born 23 September 1981 in Bankstown, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Bulldogs club of the National Rugby League.	Brad Morrin	23 September 1981
date of birth	Zhang Anshun (Chinese: 张安顺; born April 1965) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2015 as the Communist Party Secretary of Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in Jilin province, and a member of the provincial Party Standing Committee of Jilin.	Zhang Anshun	April 1965
date of birth	Sultana Yesmin Boishakhi (Bengali: সুলতানা ইয়াসমিন বৈশাখী) (born: 13 August 1989) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women's cricket team.	Sultana Yesmin	13 August 1989
date of birth	Giorgos Iordanidis (Greek: Γιώργος Ιορδανίδης; born 28 March 1989) is a footballer who plays for Aiolikos F.C..	Giorgos Iordanidis	28 March 1989
date of birth	Mariano Riccio (1510--??) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.	Mariano Riccio	1510
date of birth	Chen Zhimin (simplified Chinese: 陈智敏; traditional Chinese: 陳智敏; pinyin: Chén Zhìmǐn; born October 1955) is a politician of People's Republic of China.	Chen Zhimin	October 1955
date of birth	Putra Nababan (born 28 July 1974) is an Indonesian newsreader, journalist and editor in chief of MetroTV.	Putra Nababan	28 July 1974
date of birth	Shadmehr Aghili (Persian: شادمهر عقیلی‎‎; born 27 January 1973) is an Iranian pop singer, musician, composer, music arranger, producer and song-writer, and formerly an actor.	Shadmehr Aghili	27 January 1973
date of birth	Kevin Van Hoovels (born 31 July 1985) is a Belgian cross-country mountain biker.	Kevin Van Hoovels	31 July 1985
date of birth	Benjamin Marc Ramaroson, C.M. (born 25 April 1955 in Manakara), is Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antsiranana in Madagascar.	Benjamin Marc Ramaroson	25 April 1955
date of birth	Thomas Howell Williams Idris (5 August 1842 -- 10 February 1925), known as Howell Idris, was a Welsh Liberal Party politician and chemical manufacturer.	Thomas Howell Williams Idris	5 August 1842
date of birth	Robert Booth Goodwin II (born 1971), known commonly as Booth Goodwin, is an American attorney with Goodwin & Goodwin, LLP in Charleston, WV and is currently running for Governor of the State of West Virginia.	Booth Goodwin	1971
date of birth	William J. Hochul, Jr. (born 1959) is the United States Attorney for the Western District of New York.	William J. Hochul, Jr.	1959
date of birth	Abdulqadir Hassan Mohamed (Arabic: عبد القادر حسن محمد‎) (born 15 April 1962) is an Emirati footballer.	Abdulqadir Hassan	15 April 1962
date of birth	Peter Halldorf (born 21 June 1958) is a Swedish Pentecostal pastor, self-taught theologian, and writer.	Peter Halldorf	21 June 1958
date of birth	Flora Steiger-Crawford (1 September 1899, Bombay -- 31 July 1991, Zurich) was a Swiss architect and sculptor.	Flora Steiger-Crawford	1 September 1899
date of birth	Patriarch Constantine Cyril V Zaim (about 1655--1720), sometimes known also as Cyril III, was Greek Patriarch of Antioch.	Cyril V Zaim	1655
date of birth	Silvester Harding (also Sylvester) (25 July 1745 -- 12 August 1809) was an English artist and publisher.	Silvester Harding	25 July 1745
date of birth	Serena Brooke (born 9 January 1976) is an Australian professional surfer from Coolangatta, Queensland.	Serena Brooke	9 January 1976
date of birth	Dr. Bodo Otto (1711--1787) was a Senior Surgeon of the Continental Army during the American Revolution.	Bodo Otto	1711
date of birth	Benny Johansen (born 18 March 1949) is a Danish former football (soccer) player and manager.	Benny Johansen	18 March 1949
date of birth	Timothy Cathalina (born 24 January 1985) is a professional footballer from Curaçao who plays as a right back for SV Spakenburg.	Timothy Cathalina	24 January 1985
date of birth	Anne Lauber (born 28 July 1943 in Zurich) is a Canadian composer, conductor, and music educator.	Anne Lauber	28 July 1943
date of birth	Koe Yeet (born 17 January 1992) is a Malaysian television and film former child actress.	Koe Yeet	17 January 1992
date of birth	Christopher Koskei (also written Kosgei, born 14 August 1974) is a Kenyan runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Christopher Koskei	14 August 1974
date of birth	Miriam Giovanelli (born 28 April 1989) is a Spanish actress and model, perhaps best known for her roles in Limoncello, Canciones de amor en Lolita's Club and Física o Química.	Miriam Giovanelli	28 April 1989
date of birth	Katrina Dawkins known as Katie Dawkins (born 20 August 1988) is a competitor in synchronized swimming who represented Great Britain in the team event at the 2012 London Olympics.	Katie Dawkins	20 August 1988
date of birth	(George) Ernest Spero (2 March 1894 -- 7 January 1960) was a British physician, author, journalist, businessman and politician.	Ernest Spero	1894
date of birth	Karel Jarolím (born 23 August 1956) is a Czech football coach and former Czechoslovakia international footballer.	Karel Jarolím	23 August 1956
date of birth	Ernie Copland (15 April 1927) was a Scottish footballer who played for Arbroath, Dundee and Raith Rovers.	Ernie Copland	15 April 1927
date of birth	Titus Labienus (c. 100 BCE -- March 17, 45 BCE) was a professional Roman soldier in the late Roman Republic.	Titus Labienus	100 BCE
date of birth	Irina Valeryevna Shaykhlislamova (Russian: Ири́на Вале́рьевна Шайхлисла́мова) (born 6 January 1986), known popularly as Irina Shayk and sometimes credited as Irina Sheik (Russian: Ири́на Шейк), is a Russian model and actress known for her appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue between 2007 and 2015.	Irina Shayk	6 January 1986
date of birth	Mootaz Attia Mohamed Hasan, better known as Abu Quassey (born 20 March 1973) is a convicted people smuggler and the head of the syndicate that organised the fatal SIEV-X voyage.	Abu Quassey	20 March 1973
date of birth	Dame Helen Metcalf, DBE, FRSA (née Pitt; 7 October 1946 -- 3 December 2003) was a British academic, educator, and politician.	Helen Metcalf	7 October 1946
date of birth	Péter Kozma (born 1959) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County Regional List from 1998 to 2006 and from 2010 to 2014.	Péter Kozma	1959
date of birth	Acharya Buddharakkhita (1922- 2013) was a Buddhist monk, prolific writer who established the Maha Bodhi Society of Bangalore and its sister bodies.	Acharya Buddharakkhita	1922
date of birth	Arthur Burghardt (born July 29, 1947) is an American actor known for portraying Dr. Jack Scott on the soap opera One Life to Live.	Arthur Burghardt	1947
date of birth	Uri Fink (Hebrew: אורי פינק, born 18 September 1963 in Israel) is an Israeli comic book artist and writer, and creator of the comics series Zbeng!.	Uri Fink	18 September 1963
date of birth	K. Thavamani Devi (c. 1925 -- 10 February 2001) was a Sri Lankan actress who also worked in a number of Tamil films during the 1940s.	K. Thavamani Devi	1925
date of birth	Ralph Collins (born 1 January 1933) was a Scottish football player and manager.	Ralph Collins	1 January 1933
date of birth	Ian Noble (born Bulawayo, 6 April 1972) is a Zimbabwean rugby union coach and former rugby footballer.	Ian Noble	6 April 1972
date of birth	Jonny King (Jonathan Z. King, born 2 February 1965, New York City, New York,) is an American jazz pianist.	Jonny King	2 February 1965
date of birth	Rigmor Dam (born 18 December 1971) is a Faroese politician and teacher, she has also been working as a journalist for the Faroese paper Sosialurin before she was elected to the Faroese parliament, the Løgting.	Rigmor Dam	18 December 1971
date of birth	Belgian electronic music composer André Stordeur was born 1941 in Haine-Saint-Paul.	André Stordeur	1941
date of birth	Tijana Arnautović (born 1986) is a Bosnian Serb-Canadian beauty pageant titleholder.	Tijana Arnautović	1986
date of birth	Graham Webster (born 15 May 1992) is a Scottish football Midfielder currently playing for Montrose.	Graham Webster	15 May 1992
date of birth	Eddie Germano (born 1924) is a cartoonist who is best known for his sports cartoons.	Eddie Germano	1924
date of birth	Tsvetan Atanasov (Bulgarian: Цветан Атанасов) (born 10 April 1948) was a Bulgarian football player, playing as a central midfield.	Tsvetan Atanasov	10 April 1948
date of birth	Gerhard Präsent (born 21 June 1957, in Graz) is an Austrian composer, conductor and academic.	Gerhard Präsent	21 June 1957
date of birth	Gregg Saretsky (born 1959 in Châteauguay, Quebec) is the current President and CEO of WestJet, a carrier based in Calgary, Alberta.	Gregg Saretsky	1959
date of birth	Prince Edward Taw Phaya (Burmese: တော်ဘုရား, born 22 March 1924, also known as Tun Aung) is the Pretender to the Throne of Burma (abolished in 1885).	Taw Phaya	22 March 1924
date of birth	Agustín González Tapia (born 30 January 1983) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Unión La Calera of the Chilean Primera División.	Agustín González Tapia	30 January 1983
date of birth	Muhammad Kashif Shahid (Urdu: محمد کاشف شاہد) (born 31 January 1985) commonly known as Kashif Butt (Urdu: کاشف بٹ) is a Pakistani poet.	Kashif Butt	31 January 1985
date of birth	Wilbär is a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Wilhelma Zoo in Stuttgart, Germany on 10 December 2007.	Wilbär	10 December 2007
date of birth	Mary Anne Keeley, née Goward (22 November 1805 -- 12 March 1899) was an English actress and actor-manager.	Mary Anne Keeley	22 November 1805
date of birth	Peter Stojanovič (born 18 March 1990) is a Slovenian football Midfielder who plays for FC ŠTK 1914 Šamorínin the Slovak 2.	Peter Stojanovič	18 March 1990
date of birth	Artsyom Vasilyew (Belarusian: Арцём Васíльеў, pronounced (arˈtsʲɔm vaˈsʲilʲɛw); Russian: Артём Васи́льев, tr. Artyom Vasilyev; IPA: (ɐrˈtʲɵm vɐˈsʲilʲɪf); born 23 January 1997) is a Belarusian footballer.	Artsyom Vasilyew	23 January 1997
date of birth	Donald Pass (9 September 1930 -- 3 December 2010) is a British painter whose art has been compared to that of William Blake by a reviewer in an Oxford newspaper, among others.	Donald Pass	9 September 1930
date of birth	Adolf Muschg (born 13 May 1934) is a Swiss writer and professor of literature.	Adolf Muschg	13 May 1934
date of birth	Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace (/æʃˈliːn ˈhɔːrɡən ˈwɒlᵻs/; born 28 December 1978) is a British glamour model, fashion designer, magazine columnist, actress, and television and media personality.	Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace	28 December 1978
date of birth	Edward Doran (1885 -- 15 December 1945) was a British film producer and politician who served as a Conservative Member of Parliament.	Edward Doran	1885
date of birth	Vivienne Dick (born 1950) is an Irish feminist experimental and documentary filmmaker.	Vivienne Dick	1950
date of birth	Weronika Szmajdzińska (born 1994) is a Polish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Polonia 2015 and represented Poland in Miss Universe 2015 pageant.	Weronika Szmajdzińska	1994
date of birth	Wilhelm Ohlandt (15 October 1886 -- ??) was a Norwegian civil servant.	Wilhelm Ohlandt	15 October 1886
date of birth	Jamie Spencer (born 8 June 1980) is an Irish flat racing jockey currently riding in the UK.	Jamie Spencer	8 June 1980
date of birth	Sir Brian McGrath, GCVO (born 1925) was the Private Secretary to His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh.	Brian McGrath	1925
date of birth	Henry Wisner (c. 1720 -- March 4, 1790) was an American miller from Goshen, New York.	Henry Wisner	1720
date of birth	Or Havivyan (born 27 December 1994, in Be'er Sheva) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva as a Central Midfielder.	Or Havivyan	27 December 1994
date of birth	Carl Weathersby (born Carlton Weathersby, 24 February 1953, Jackson, Mississippi) is an American electric blues vocalist, guitarist, and songwriter.	Carl Weathersby	24 February 1953
date of birth	Jure Dobelšek (born 1 April 1984 in Celje, Slovenia) is a professional handball player currently playing for RK Cimos Koper.	Jure Dobelšek	1 April 1984
date of birth	Zheng Bijian (Chinese: 郑必坚, born 1932) is a longtime advisor to the leadership of China.	Zheng Bijian	1932
date of birth	Salvatore Totino A.S.C. (born 1964, Brooklyn, New York, USA) is an American cinematographer.	Salvatore Totino	1964
date of birth	Pamela O. Long (born 1943) is an independent American historian specializing in late Medieval and Renaissance history and the history of science and technology.	Pamela O. Long	1943
date of birth	Sakmongkol Sithchuchok (Thai: ศักดิ์มงคล ศิษย์ชูโชค; born 6 July 1973) is a Thai super middleweight Muay Thai-kickboxer.	Sakmongkol Sithchuchok	6 July 1973
date of birth	Saša Kolman (born 1 May 1984) is a Slovenian football manager and a former player capped for Slovenia U-18 national team.	Saša Kolman	1 May 1984
date of birth	Edward Clodd (1 July 1840, Margate, Kent -- 16 March 1930) was an English banker, writer and anthropologist.	Edward Clodd	1 July 1840
date of birth	Julian Anderson (born 6 April 1967) is a British composer and teacher of composition.	Julian Anderson	6 April 1967
date of birth	Edward Shenderovich (born 1976) is a Russian-American entrepreneur and poet.	Edward Shenderovich	1976
date of birth	Josh Begley (born 1984) is an American internet artist.	Josh Begley	1984
date of birth	Youma Diakite (born 1 May 1971), also known simply as Youma, is a Malian model, actress and television personality, mainly active in Italy.	Youma Diakite	1 May 1971
date of birth	Ernest Ferdinand Grecian, best known as Barney Grecian (1872 -- 2 June 1919) was an Australian rules football player.	Barney Grecian	1872
date of birth	Zhang Shichang (simplified Chinese: 张世昌; traditional Chinese: 張世昌; pinyin: Zhāng Shìchāng; born 5 January 1989) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Shichang	5 January 1989
date of birth	William Scoresby Routledge, FRGS (1859--1939) was a British ethnographer, anthropologist and adventurer.	William Scoresby Routledge	1859
date of birth	Christian Calon (born 5 September 1950) is a French-born Canadian composer who is active in electroacoustic music.	Christian Calon	5 September 1950
date of birth	Michael Letwin (born 1956) is a public defender in Brooklyn, New York,.	Michael Letwin	1956
date of birth	Masha Qrella (real name Masha Kurell, born 1975 in East Berlin) is a German singer/songwriter.	Masha Qrella	1975
date of birth	Giancarlo Minardi (born 18 September 1947) is the founder and former Managing Director of the now-defunct Minardi Formula One team.	Giancarlo Minardi	18 September 1947
date of birth	Generał broni Edward Pietrzyk (born 3 November 1949) is a Polish military officer, diplomat and general in the Polish Army.	Edward Pietrzyk	3 November 1949
date of birth	Shizzio (born Shazad Khan, 12 July 1986), is an English recording artist.	Shizzio	12 July 1986
date of birth	John Trivers (born 1946) is an American songwriter and musician, the recipient of gold and platinum records for his involvement with Blue Öyster Cult and Tina Turner, and the co-writer with his wife and partner Elizabeth Myers of several popular themes for commercials, television programs, and film scores.	John Trivers	1946
date of birth	Alan Caves (born 5 January 1966 in Hillingdon) is an English darts player who plays in the Professional Darts Corporation.	Alan Caves	5 January 1966
date of birth	Frank Lentricchia (born 1940) is an American literary critic, novelist, and film teacher.	Frank Lentricchia	1940
date of birth	Richard H. Wilkinson (born 1951) is an archaeologist in the field of Egyptology.	Richard H. Wilkinson	1951
date of birth	A. C. Sreehari (born 1970) is a poet in Malayalam literature.	A. C. Sreehari	1970
date of birth	Bruce Woolley (born 11 November 1953) is an English writer, performer, record producer and composer.	Bruce Woolley	11 November 1953
date of birth	Cha Yun-hee (Hangul: 차연희, born 26 February 1986) is a South Korean football player who is currently playing WK-League side Goyang Daekyo Noonnoppi.	Cha Yun-hee	26 February 1986
date of birth	Stephen A. Decatur (born 1813, died 1888 or 1889), born Stephen Decatur Bross and often referred to as Commodore Decatur, was one of the earliest settlers in Nebraska.	Stephen Decatur Bross	1813
date of birth	Bill Dalkin (15 November 1921 -- 27 November 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Dalkin	15 November 1921
date of birth	Vũ Đình Long (19 December 1896 - 14 August 1960) was a Vietnamese dramatist noted for the first western style spoken play in Vietnamese - A cup of Poison in 1921.	Vũ Đình Long	19 December 1896
date of birth	Sandro Bolchi (18 January 1924 -- 2 August 2005) was an Italian director, actor and journalist.	Sandro Bolchi	18 January 1924
date of birth	Antonius Philippus René Laanen (born 23 January 1952) is a Dutch bass trombonist.	René Laanen	23 January 1952
date of birth	Milorad Roganović (born 1951) is a journalist and graduated sociology professor.	Milorad Roganović	1951
date of birth	Roberto Soldado Rillo (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈβerto solˈdaðo ˈriʎo); born 27 May 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a striker.	Roberto Soldado	27 May 1985
date of birth	Stanley Christodoulou (Greek: Χριστοδούλου) (born 31 January 1944 in Johannesburg) is a South African international boxing judge and referee.	Stanley Christodoulou	31 January 1944
date of birth	Talan Skeels-Piggins (born 10 September 1970 in Bath, Somerset) is a World Champion 600cc (Paralysed category) and British alpine skier.	Talan Skeels-Piggins	10 September 1970
date of birth	Leo Hebert (born c. 1932) is a Canadian retired curler.	Leo Hebert	1932
date of birth	Muluken Melesse (born 1954) is an Ethiopian singer and drummer.	Muluken Melesse	1954
date of birth	Lady Oyinkansola Abayomi (also known as Oyinkan) (March 6, 1897 -- March 19, 1990) was a Nigerian nationalist and feminist.	Oyinkansola Abayomi	1897
date of birth	Larry Stabbins (born 9 September 1949 in Bristol) is a British jazz saxophonist, flutist and composer.	Larry Stabbins	9 September 1949
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Canlis (born 1973) is an American glass artist.	Jean-Pierre Canlis	1973
date of birth	Adam C. Hochfelder (born 1971) is an American real estate executive who co-founded the real estate firm Max Capital in 1996, with members of the powerful Kalikow real estate family.	Adam C. Hochfelder	1971
date of birth	Nathaniel Colgan (1851 Dublin -- 1919 Dublin) was a self-taught Irish naturalist primarily known for his botanical work.	Nathaniel Colgan	1851
date of birth	Lee Loevinger (April 24, 1913 -- April 26, 2004) was an American jurist and lawyer.	Lee Loevinger	1913
date of birth	Yoo Young-ho (Korean: 유영호, born 1965) is a South Korean sculptor.	Yoo Young-ho	1965
date of birth	Douglas Thomas (born 1966) is an American scholar, researcher, and journalist.	Douglas Thomas	1966
date of birth	Candice Adams (born 23 November 1988) is a Queensland netballer from the Gold Coast.	Candice Adams	23 November 1988
date of birth	Salomon Sambia (born 7 September 1996), commonly known as Junior Sambia, is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Chamois Niortais.	Junior Sambia	7 September 1996
date of birth	David Buckley (born 7 June 1976) is a British film score composer living in Los Angeles.	David Buckley	7 June 1976
date of birth	Evan Balfour (born 9 September 1965) is a Scottish footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Airdrieonians and Ayr United.	Evan Balfour	9 September 1965
date of birth	Dr. Chukka Ramaiah (born 20 November 1925) popularly known as IIT Ramaiah is an Indian educationist and MLC of Telangana.	Chukka Ramaiah	20 November 1925
date of birth	Øistein Lars Hasvold (1908 -- 1964) was a Norwegian organizational director.	Lars Hasvold	1908
date of birth	Ma Xiaotian (Chinese: 马晓天; pinyin: Mǎ Xiǎotiān; born August 1949) is a general and Commander of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Ma Xiaotian	August 1949
date of birth	Anders Stone (born in 1964) is a painter and multimedia artist.	Anders Stone	1964
date of birth	Roland Edge (born 25 November 1978) is an English footballer who plays and coaches at non-league Folkestone Invicta.	Roland Edge	25 November 1978
date of birth	Grant Goldman (born 3 February 1950) is an Australian radio and TV personality.	Grant Goldman	3 February 1950
date of birth	Darina Valitova (Russian: Дарина Валитова) (born 9 February 1997) is a Russian competitor in Solo and Mixed Duet synchronized swimming.	Darina Valitova	9 February 1997
date of birth	Engineer Habibullah Qaderi (born 1961 in Kandahar province, Afghanistan) is a former Minister of Counter Narcotics in Afghanistan, serving between January 2004 and July 2007.	Habibullah Qaderi	1961
date of birth	John Fielder (born 1950) is an American landscape photographer, nature writer, publisher of over 40 books, and conservationist.	John Fielder	1950
date of birth	Zsuzsanna Emese Mokcsay (born 30 January 1940 in Budapest, Hungary) is an American author, activist, journalist, playwright and songwriter of Hungarian origin who writes about feminist spirituality and Dianic Wicca under the pen name Zsuzsanna Budapest or Z. Budapest.	Zsuzsanna Budapest	30 January 1940
date of birth	Frédérick Têtu is a teacher born in the city of Québec (Qc, Canada) in 1967.	Frédérick Têtu	1967
date of birth	Barrie Karp (born 1945 in Laredo, Texas) is an artist, independent scholar and academic.	Barrie Karp	1945
date of birth	David Hepworth (born 27 July 1950) is a music journalist, writer and publishing industry analyst who has launched several successful British magazines.	David Hepworth	27 July 1950
date of birth	Ossian Donner (1866--1957) was a Finnish industrialist, engineer, senator and diplomat.	Ossian Donner	1866
date of birth	Peter James Knight (born 1 January 1954) is an anti-abortion activist who shot dead a security guard in an Australian abortion clinic.	Peter James Knight	1 January 1954
date of birth	Stéphane Martine (born 5 March 1978) is a French footballer, playing as a striker.	Stéphane Martine	5 March 1978
date of birth	Sir Anthony Peter McCoy OBE (born 4 May 1974), commonly known as A. P. McCoy or Tony McCoy, is a Northern Irish former horse racing jockey.	Tony McCoy	4 May 1974
date of birth	Harry Fielder (born 26 April 1940) is an English actor and supporting artist who has worked extensively in British films and television since the 1960s.	Harry Fielder	26 April 1940
date of birth	Steven Kretiuk (born 4 July 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Steven Kretiuk	4 July 1972
date of birth	Dame Catherine Fiona Woolf, DBE, JP (née Swain; born 11 May 1948) is a British corporate lawyer.	Fiona Woolf	11 May 1948
date of birth	Edward Cowie (born 17 August 1943) is an English composer, author, natural scientist, and painter	Edward Cowie	17 August 1943
date of birth	Claudia Melchers (born 6 May 1969, Ruurlo) is the Dutch head of a cooking company called CMC Catering.	Claudia Melchers	6 May 1969
date of birth	José Elias Moedim Júnior (born 25 September 1976), commonly known as Zé Elias, is a Brazilian retired footballer.	Zé Elias	25 September 1976
date of birth	Dragoș Protopopescu (1892, Călăraşi -- 1948) was a Romanian writer, poet, critic and philosopher.	Dragoș Protopopescu	1892
date of birth	Konstanti Kakhay or Konstanti Kakhi (Georgian: კონსტანტი კახაჲ; კონსტანტი კახი) (768 -- November 10, 853) was a Christian Georgian nobleman from Kartli, who was seized captive by the Abbasid general Bugha al-Kabir during his 853 expedition into the Caucasus.	Konstanti Kakhi	768
date of birth	Bulcha Demeksa (born 1930) is an outspoken Ethiopian politician and businessman.	Bulcha Demeksa	1930
date of birth	Harold Frederick Neville Gye (22 May 1888--25 November 1967), who published under the name Hal Gye, was an author of cartoons, illustrations and articles for early Australian newspapers and journals.	Harold Frederick Neville Gye	1888
date of birth	Tarmo Mitt (born 22 May 1977) is an Estonian professional strongman competitor and regular entrant to the World's Strongest Man competition.	Tarmo Mitt	22 May 1977
date of birth	Dayton Duncan (born September 3, 1949) was the writer and co-producer of The National Parks:	Dayton Duncan	1949
date of birth	Joseph Ferrers (1725--1797), was an English Carmelite friar.	Joseph Ferrers	1725
date of birth	Thomas Southwell, 2nd Baron Southwell PC (Ire), FRS (7 January 1698 -- 19 November 1766), styled The Honourable from 1717 until 1720, was an Irish peer, politician and freemason.	Thomas Southwell, 2nd Baron Southwell	7 January 1698
date of birth	Jone Macilai-Tori (born 27 August 1990 in Suva, Fiji), is a professional rugby union player.	Jone Macilai-Tori	27 August 1990
date of birth	George Edward Watts (1786 -- December 2, 1860) commanded a Royal Navy ship during the War of 1812.	George Edward Watts	1786
date of birth	József Vura (born 6 February 1955 in Paks) is a former Hungarian international handball player and handball coach, who was most recently in charge by HK IUVENTA Michalovce.	József Vura	6 February 1955
date of birth	David John de Laubenfels or D. J. de Laubenfels (born 1925) is an American botanist known as an expert on tropical conifers.	David John de Laubenfels	1925
date of birth	Pierre Guariche (1926--95) was a French designer, interior decorator and architect.	Pierre Guariche	1926
date of birth	Jodie Marsh (born 23 December 1978) is an English media personality, bodybuilder and occasional glamour model.	Jodie Marsh	23 December 1978
date of birth	Thomas Taylor, Baron Taylor of Blackburn CBE (born 10 June 1929) is a former Labour member of the House of Lords.	Thomas Taylor, Baron Taylor of Blackburn	10 June 1929
date of birth	Kewullay Conteh (born 31 December 1977) is a Sierra Leonean footballer currently unattached.	Kewullay Conteh	31 December 1977
date of birth	Brian O'Keeffe (born 1977) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior team.	Brian O'Keeffe	1977
date of birth	Athanasios Papoulis (Greek: Αθανάσιος Παπούλης; 1921 -- April 25, 2002) was a Greek-American engineer and applied mathematician.	Athanasios Papoulis	1921
date of birth	Cenap Aşçı (born 1967) is a Turkish politician and civil servant who served as the Minister of Customs and Trade in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu from 28 August to 17 November 2015.	Cenap Aşçı	1967
date of birth	John Brownlie (born 11 March 1952) is a Scottish former football player who played for Pumpherston Juniors, Hibernian, Newcastle United, Middlesbrough, Hartlepool United, Berwick Rangers, Blyth Spartans and Scotland.	John Brownlie	11 March 1952
date of birth	Terry Watkinson (born 1940 in what is now Thunder Bay, Ontario) is an artist, painter, illustrator, and musician.	Terry Watkinson	1940
date of birth	Walter Chiari (ˈvalter ˈkjaːri), stage name of Walter Annicchiarico (8 March 1924 - 20 December 1991), was a hugely successful Italian stage and screen actor, mostly in comedy roles.	Walter Chiari	8 March 1924
date of birth	Elena Rover (born 1966) is a digital strategy consultant in the New York area.	Elena Rover	1966
date of birth	Jeannette Bougrab was born 26 August 1973 in Déols (Indre), to a Harki father.	Jeannette Bougrab	26 August 1973
date of birth	Mario Cassano (born 8 October 1983) is an Italian professional footballer	Mario Cassano	8 October 1983
date of birth	John R. Adler (born 1954) is an American neurosurgeon.	John R. Adler	1954
date of birth	Jaya Sharma (born 17 September 1980 in Ghaziabad) is an Indian cricketer who has played one women's test match and 77 women's one-day internationals including the 2005 Women's Cricket World Cup in South Africa.	Jaya Sharma	17 September 1980
date of birth	Hanna Winsnes (29 August 1789 -- 19 October 1872) was a Norwegian poet, novelist and non-fiction writer.	Hanna Winsnes	1789
date of birth	Karel Lismont (born 8 March 1949) is a former Belgian long-distance runner.	Karel Lismont	8 March 1949
date of birth	Michael von Newlinsky (1891--1964) was an Austrian film actor who appeared in numerous supporting roles during his career, in films such as Georg Wilhelm Pabst's Pandora's Box (1929).	Michael von Newlinsky	1891
date of birth	Mohammad Laeeq (Urdu: محمد لئیق‎; born 4 August 1989 in Faisalabad) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Mohammad Laeeq	4 August 1989
date of birth	Ioanna Papantoniou (Greek; Ιωάννα Παπαντωνίου, b. 1936) is a Greek author, scenic designer, costume designer and folklorist.	Ioanna Papantoniou	1936
date of birth	Igor Andreyevich Polyanski (Russian: Игорь Андреевич Полянский, also transliterated as Polyanskiy or Polyansky), born 16 January 1990 in Zhelesnogorsk), is a Russian professional triathlete, Russian Sprint Champion 2010 and a permanent member of the Russian National Team.	Igor Andreyevich Polyanski	16 January 1990
date of birth	István Nemere (born in Pécs on 8 November, 1944) is a Hungarian novelist, Esperantist, and translator.	István Nemere	8 November, 1944
date of birth	Aharon Mor (Hebrew: אהרון מור‎, born 22 August 1947) is a Polish-born Israeli civil servant who, as senior director, heads the Restitution of Rights and Jewish Property Department at the Israeli Ministry of Pensioner Affairs, which is affiliated with the Prime Minister's Office.	Aharon Mor	22 August 1947
date of birth	Michael Grundy (born 1 March 1987) is a British freestyle wrestler, who competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games for Team England finishing 5th overall.	Michael Grundy	1 March 1987
date of birth	Paul Bonga Bonga (born 25 April 1933 in Ebonda) was a Congolese footballer of the 1950s and 1960s.	Paul Bonga Bonga	25 April 1933
date of birth	Michael Derrick Hudson (born 1963) is an American poet and librarian.	Michael Derrick Hudson	1963
date of birth	William Trent (1715 -- c. 1787) was a fur trader and merchant based in colonial Pennsylvania.	William Trent	1715
date of birth	Thomas Edvard von Westen Sylow (3 August 1792 -- 20 December 1875) was the Norwegian Minister of the Army 1848--1852 and 1852--1853, and member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm 1851--1852 and 1853--1854.	Thomas Edvard von Westen Sylow	1792
date of birth	Isabelle Hudon, born in 1967, is a Canadian businesswoman.	Isabelle Hudon	1967
date of birth	Fredric Jameson (born 14 April 1934) is an American literary critic and Marxist political theorist.	Fredric Jameson	14 April 1934
date of birth	Nadir Khashimov (born 16 August 1990) is a classical violinist who began his studies at the age of 7.	Nadir Khashimov	16 August 1990
date of birth	Dominic Dale (born Christopher Dale on 29 December 1971) is a Welsh professional snooker player and occasional snooker commentator and presenter for the BBC.	Dominic Dale	29 December 1971
date of birth	Hồ Trung Dũng (1984) is a popular Vietnamese singer.	Hồ Trung Dũng	1984
date of birth	Joel Untersee (born 11 February 1994) is a Swiss-South African footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Serie A champions Juventus.	Joel Untersee	11 February 1994
date of birth	Daniel Askill (born 1977) is an Australian filmmaker and artist who uses film, photographs, video installation and sculpture in his work.	Daniel Askill	1977
date of birth	Christophe Decarnin, (pronounced: (kʁis.tɔf də.kaʁ.nɛ̃), born 1964 in Le Touquet), is a French fashion designer.	Christophe Decarnin	1964
date of birth	Nicolas Morice (born 1774) was a French navy officer.	Nicolas Morice	1774
date of birth	Ali Akbar Alizad (Persian: علی اکبر علیزاد‎‎; born 1973) is a theater director in Iran.	Akbar Alizad	1973
date of birth	Lisa Allen (born 29 April 1981) is a British chef best known for being executive chef of the Michelin starred Northcote Manor.	Lisa Allen	29 April 1981
date of birth	DJ Reach (born Semu A. Namakajo in 1979) is an American music producer and DJ. He is considered a prominent figure in the New York City and Las Vegas club scene and first gained significant notice after being the official DJ for Last Call with Carson Daly.	DJ Reach	1979
date of birth	Corey Rozzoni (born February 1, 1973), also known as Rizzo, is an American rock guitarist.	Corey Rozzoni	1973
date of birth	Daniel Gorringe (born 2 June 1992) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Daniel Gorringe	2 June 1992
date of birth	Carl-Ulrik Schierup (born 1948) is a Swedish Professor of Ethnicity at Linköping University.	Carl-Ulrik Schierup	1948
date of birth	Alexandra Mavrokordatou (Greek: Αλεξάνδρα Μαυροκορδάτου; 1605--1684) was a famous Greek intellectual and salonist.	Alexandra Mavrokordatou	1605
date of birth	Josh Hodgson (born 31 October 1989 in Hull) is an English rugby league player for Canberra Raiders in the NRL.	Josh Hodgson	31 October 1989
date of birth	Maharana Sangram Singh (12 April 1484 -- 30 January 1528) commonly known as Rana Sanga, was Rana of Mewar and head of a powerful confederacy threatening all the non-Indian Muslim dynasties of India during the 16th century.	Rana Sanga	12 April 1484
date of birth	Professor Mooli Lahad (Hebrew: מולי להד‎; born 1953) is an Israeli psychologist and psychotrauma specialist, known for his creative methods of intervention and treatment of stress.	Mooli Lahad	1953
date of birth	Rajagopal Muthukumaraswamy (born 2 December 1936) is a publisher, librarian, translator and a Tamil scholar.	Rajagopal Muthukumaraswamy	2 December 1936
date of birth	Alexander Knaster (born 19 February 1959) is an international billionaire businessman, founder of Pamplona Capital Management.	Alexander Knaster	1959
date of birth	Pasquale Camerlengo (born 14 April 1966) is an Italian former competitive ice dancer who is now a coach and choreographer.	Pasquale Camerlengo	14 April 1966
date of birth	Jorge Alderete (born 1971), also known as Dr. Alderete, is an Argentine illustrator, animator, editor and owner of several businesses, best known for his comic book and kitsch aesthetic in his work.	Jorge Alderete	1971
date of birth	Adrienne Albert (born 1941) is an American composer living and working in Santa Monica, California.	Adrienne Albert	1941
date of birth	Lieutenant General Mohammad Ahmed Zaki (born 20 January 1935, Hyderabad, Telangana) is a retired army general.	Mohammad Ahmed Zaki	20 January 1935
date of birth	Peter Hajba (born 15 December 1974), also known by his demoscene nickname Skaven, is a Finnish electronic musician, video game composer and graphic artist.	Peter Hajba	15 December 1974
date of birth	Marty Wilde (born Reginald Leonard Smith, 15 April 1939) is an English singer and songwriter.	Marty Wilde	15 April 1939
date of birth	Isacco Ravaioli, best known as Isarco Ravaioli (3 March 1933 -- 15 February 2004), was an Italian film actor.	Isarco Ravaioli	3 March 1933
date of birth	Aung Myat was born on 14 April 1963 to parents Nyunt Aung and Khin Kyi, in Pwela, Pindaya Township, Burma.	Aung Myat	14 April 1963
date of birth	Zhao Ying (趙瑩) (885 - June 8, 951), courtesy name Yuanhui (元輝), was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period states Later Tang and Later Jin, serving as a chancellor during Later Jin.	Zhao Ying	885
date of birth	Marjorie Hewitt Suchocki (born 1933) is an author and United Methodist professor emerita of theology at Claremont School of Theology.	Marjorie Hewitt Suchocki	1933
date of birth	Matthew Alpern (1920-1996) was an American physiologist known for his research on color vision and color blindness.	Matthew Alpern	1920
date of birth	Dheiraj Kapoor (born 25 October 1978) is an Indian film actor, model, director, producer and entrepreneur.	Dheiraj Kapoor	25 October 1978
date of birth	Torsten Zuberbier (born 28 February 1962) is a German dermatologist and allergologist.	Torsten Zuberbier	28 February 1962
date of birth	Fanni Kenyeres (born 1 October 1978 in Salgótarján) is a retired Hungarian international handball player and World Championship bronze medalist.	Fanni Kenyeres	1 October 1978
date of birth	Simon Laffy (born 11 October 1958) is an English bassist, a member of Man Raze and former member of Girl.	Simon Laffy	11 October 1958
date of birth	Erling Steen (6 March 1891 -- 22 September 1961) was a Norwegian businessman, humanitarian leader and member of the Norwegian resistance movement in World War II.	Erling Steen	6 March 1891
date of birth	Anders Haglund (born 4 November 1964) is a Swedish former professional golfer.	Anders Haglund	4 November 1964
date of birth	Lisa A. Hertzner (born August 21, 1972), better known by the stage name Lisa Casalino, is an American singer-songwriter and musician recognized for vocal performance within the jazz genre.	Lisa Casalino	1972
date of birth	Cita Potokar (28 November 1915 - 28 November 1993) was a Slovene painter also known for her illustrations of children's books.	Cita Potokar	28 November 1915
date of birth	Ole Fogh Kirkeby (born 1947) is a Danish philosopher and a professor at Copenhagen Business School in the Philosophy of Leadership.	Ole Fogh Kirkeby	1947
date of birth	Juliana Farha (born 1966) is a Canadian writer and businesswoman who lives in London, England.	Juliana Farha	1966
date of birth	Nelson Borges da Costa, known as Nelson Borges (born 17 October 1992) is a Portuguese professional footballer who is currently a free agent.	Nelson Borges	17 October 1992
date of birth	John Altham (1589 -- November 5, 1640) was a British Jesuit missionary who came to North America to preach to the Native Americans.	John Altham	1589
date of birth	Panagiotis Kourdakis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κουρδάκης; born 15 August 1988) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Iraklis in the Greek Football League as a center back.	Panagiotis Kourdakis	15 August 1988
date of birth	Warwick Collins (born 14 December 1948 - 10 February 2013) was a British novelist, screenwriter, yacht designer, and evolutionary theorist.	Warwick Collins	14 December 1948
date of birth	Sebastian Kienle (born 6 July 1984) is a German long-distance triathlete.	Sebastian Kienle	6 July 1984
date of birth	Marion Clyde McCarroll (1891-1977) was a writer and journalist.	Marion Clyde McCarroll	1891
date of birth	Aldo Vannucchi (born 24 September 1928) is an educator from Sorocaba, Brazil, former rector of the University of Sorocaba UNISO.	Aldo Vannucchi	24 September 1928
date of birth	Maggie dela Riva (born Magdalena T. dela Riva in 1942) in the Philippines, is a Filipino movie actress, who has appeared in about 80 films.	Maggie dela Riva	1942
date of birth	Luís Fabiano Clemente (born 8 November 1980), commonly known as Luís Fabiano, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Tianjin Quanjian as a striker.	Luís Fabiano	8 November 1980
date of birth	Rick Oginz (born 1944) is an American visual artist born in Philadelphia.	Rick Oginz	1944
date of birth	Erik De Beck (born 6 June 1951) is a Belgian former long-distance runner who specialised in cross country running.	Erik De Beck	6 June 1951
date of birth	Cia Berg (born 2 December 1963), now known as Cia Soro, is a Swedish television presenter and singer.	Cia Berg	2 December 1963
date of birth	Yin Anna (born 23 March 1992 in Shandong) is a Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Yin Anna	23 March 1992
date of birth	John Brian Bolus (born 31 January 1934) is a former English cricketer who played in seven Tests from 1963 to 1964.	Brian Bolus	31 January 1934
date of birth	Brenda Hean (1910-1972) was a member of the Lake Pedder Action Committee (LPAC) and a resident of Hobart, Tasmania at the time of the flooding of Lake Pedder.	Brenda Hean	1910
date of birth	Marco Fusi (1972) is an Italian clarinetist and composer, known for his collaborations with some of the leading names in the Italian cultural scene.	Marco Fusi	1972
date of birth	Nancy Thomas (23 August 1918 -- 7 January 2015) was a British television producer known for her work within the Talks Department of BBC Television.	Nancy Thomas	23 August 1918
date of birth	Anna Rogowska (born 21 May 1981) is a retired Polish athlete who specialised in the pole vault.	Anna Rogowska	21 May 1981
date of birth	Yang Anjiang (Chinese: 阳安江; pinyin: Yáng Ānjiāng; born August 1945) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Yang Anjiang	August 1945
date of birth	James S. Robbins (born 1962) is a commentary writer for USA Today and Senior Fellow for National Security Affairs on the American Foreign Policy Council.	James S. Robbins	1962
date of birth	Augustus Jules Bouvier (1827--1881) was a French-born English painter active in London.	Augustus Jules Bouvier	1827
date of birth	Inger Bjørnbakken, married Weimer (born 28 December 1933) is a former Norwegian alpine skier.	Inger Bjørnbakken	28 December 1933
date of birth	James Mathews Leigh (1808 -- 20 April 1860) was an English art educator, painter, writer, dramatist and critic.	James Mathews Leigh	1808
date of birth	Elspeth Howe, Baroness Howe of Idlicote CBE (born Elspeth Rosamund Morton Shand; 8 February 1932) is a British Crossbencher life peer who has served in many capacities in public life.	Elspeth Howe, Baroness Howe of Idlicote	8 February 1932
date of birth	Philippe-Louis-François Badelard (25 May 1728 -- 7 February 1802) was an army officer and surgeon from France who came to Louisbourg, Cape Breton Island, in 1757.	Philippe-Louis-François Badelard	25 May 1728
date of birth	Anita De Bauch (born 15 January 1986) is the professional name used by an English model from London, England.	Anita De Bauch	15 January 1986
date of birth	Danny Denzongpa (born 25 February 1948) is an Indian actor, of Sikkimese Bhutia descent, working in Bollywood films though he has also appeared in several Nepali, Tamil, Bengali & Telugu films as well and is also film director and singer as well.	Danny Denzongpa	25 February 1948
date of birth	Nityananda Saha (1940--2005) was a Bengali Indian academic administrator and a professor of inorganic chemistry.	Nityananda Saha	1940
date of birth	Simon Kerrod (born 25 August 1992) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with English RFU Championship side Jersey.	Simon Kerrod	25 August 1992
date of birth	Guenther Roth (German spelling Günther Roth, b. 12 January 1931 in Wolfskehlen near Darmstadt, Germany) is a German-American sociologist.	Guenther Roth	12 January 1931
date of birth	Anna S. Þorvaldsdóttir (Anna Thorvaldsdottir) (born 1977) is an Icelandic composer and 2012 winner of the Nordic Council Music Prize.	Anna S. Þorvaldsdóttir	1977
date of birth	Ali Karim (Persian: علی کریم, born 10 October 1977) is an Iranian film director and screenwriter.	Ali Karim	10 October 1977
date of birth	Csaba Szücs (Hungarian: Szűcs Csaba; born 28 July 1987 in Košice) is a Slovakian team handball player, belonging to the Hungarian minority.	Csaba Szücs	28 July 1987
date of birth	Giovanni Fortunatti (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɡioβɐni fortʃunati), born 22 May 1984) is a former Brazilian footballer.	Giovanni Fortunatti	22 May 1984
date of birth	Hanna Alwan, MLM (born on 20 September 1954 in Aytou, Lebanon) is Curial bishop of the Maronite Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch.	Hanna Alwan	20 September 1954
date of birth	Anand Goradia (born 23 November 1975) is an Indian television actor and writer.	Anand Goradia	23 November 1975
date of birth	Debi Prasanna Pattanayak (born 14 March 1931) is an Indian professor, linguist, social scientist and author.	Debi Prasanna Pattanayak	14 March 1931
date of birth	Joseph A. Meyer (c. 1895 -- July 14, 1970) was an American football, basketball, and baseball coach.	Joseph A. Meyer	1895
date of birth	Tracey Childs (born 30 May 1963) is an English actress, known for playing Lynne Howard in the 1980s drama series Howards' Way.	Tracey Childs	30 May 1963
date of birth	Malky McCormick (born 1943 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a cartoonist and caricaturist.	Malky McCormick	1943
date of birth	Agathe Uwilingiyimana (Kinyarwanda: (uwiliɲɟijimɑ̂ːnɑ); 23 May 1953 -- 7 April 1994), sometimes known as Madame Agathe, was a Rwandan political figure.	Agathe Uwilingiyimana	23 May 1953
date of birth	Mustafa Changazi (مصطفئ ݘݩگݐڒی, born 1990) is a Pakistani actor, ex-RJ, Voice over artist and model.	Mustafa Changazi	1990
date of birth	Rune Gjeldnes (born 20 May 1971 in Surnadal) is a Norwegian adventurer.	Rune Gjeldnes	20 May 1971
date of birth	William Bernard O'Donoghue (1843 -- 16 March 1878) was an Irish-American noted as having been the treasurer in the provisional government established by Louis Riel at the Red River Colony during the Red River Rebellion of 1869 -- 1870.	William Bernard O'Donoghue	1843
date of birth	Oksana Kalashnikova (Georgian: ოქსანა კალაშნიკოვა; born 5 September 1990) is a professional Georgian tennis player of Russian origin.	Oksana Kalashnikova	5 September 1990
date of birth	Alp Yalman (born 1 January 1940) is a Turkish businessman and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray.	Alp Yalman	1 January 1940
date of birth	Albert Ashwood (born 1959) is American emergency management official from the State of Oklahoma.	Albert Ashwood	1959
date of birth	Josh Vivian (born 13 December 1990) is an Indian composer, singer, and songwriter based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.	Josh Vivian	13 December 1990
date of birth	Suzanne Todd (born 1965) is an American film and television producer whose movies have grossed over two billion dollars worldwide.	Suzanne Todd	1965
date of birth	John Bradbury, 3rd Baron Bradbury (born 1940, of Winsford in the County of Chester), is a British peer, the third holder of the title Baron Bradbury.	John Bradbury, 3rd Baron Bradbury	1940
date of birth	Bobby Gonzalez (born March 18, 1963) is the former head coach of the Seton Hall University Pirates men's basketball team.	Bobby Gonzalez	1963
date of birth	Eliza Sam (Chinese: 岑麗香; born 17 November 1984) is a Canadian actress based in Hong Kong, and is currently under contract in TVB.	Eliza Sam	17 November 1984
date of birth	Juraj Minčík (born 27 March 1977 in Spišská Stará Ves) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1990s to the late 2000s (decade).	Juraj Minčík	27 March 1977
date of birth	Marta Burgay (30. November 1976, Torino) is an Italian radio astronomer whose initial claim to fame was being the discoverer of PSR J0737-3039, the first double pulsar (two pulsars orbiting each other), through using the 64-metre Parkes radio telescope in Australia.	Marta Burgay	30. November 1976
date of birth	Philippe Paolantoni (born 1952) is a French civil servant and administrator.	Philippe Paolantoni	1952
date of birth	Atta Kim (born 1956) is a South Korean photographer who has been active since the mid-1980s.	Atta Kim	1956
date of birth	Godfrey Pilkington (8 November 1918 - 8 July 2007) was an art dealer, director and co-founder of the Piccadilly Gallery Pilkington is remembered for his work at the Piccadilly Gallery and in the community of St. Helen's from where his family operated Pilkington Glass from 1826 to 2006.	Godfrey Pilkington	8 November 1918
date of birth	Robert Opel (23 October 1939 -- 7 July 1979) was a photographer and art gallery owner most famous as the man who streaked during the 46th Academy Awards in 1974.	Robert Opel	23 October 1939
date of birth	Hans-Martin Sass (born December 1935), is a bioethicist.	Hans-Martin Sass	1935
date of birth	Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi (1963 -- 22 September 2014) was an Iraqi human rights activist and lawyer.	Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi	1963
date of birth	Sir Christopher Robinson (1766--1833), admiralty lawyer, born in 1766, was son of Dr. Christopher Robinson, rector of Albury, Oxfordshire, and Wytham, Berkshire, who died at Albury on 24 January 1802.	Sir Christopher Robinson	1766
date of birth	Wouter Wippert (born 14 August 1990) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for Cannondale.	Wouter Wippert	14 August 1990
date of birth	Friedrich Nowottny (born 16 May 1929 in Hindenburg (Poland)) is a German television journalist.	Friedrich Nowottny	16 May 1929
date of birth	Denisa Smolenová (born 14 February 1989 in Bratislava) is a Slovak swimmer who competes in the women's 100 metre butterfly.	Denisa Smolenová	14 February 1989
date of birth	HC Gilje (born 1969) is a Norwegian artist who works with realtime environments, installations, live performance, set design and single channel video.	HC Gilje	1969
date of birth	Luigi Maifredi (born 20 April 1947), commonly known as Gigi Maifredi, is an Italian football manager, currently working as a technical collaborator of Brescia in the Serie B league.	Luigi Maifredi	20 April 1947
date of birth	Robert Brydon Jones, MBE (born 3 May 1965), known as Rob Brydon, is a Welsh actor, comedian, radio and television presenter, singer and impressionist.	Rob Brydon	3 May 1965
date of birth	Alija Bešić (born 30 March 1975, in Zavidovići, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a retired Luxembourgian professional football player of Bosnian descent.	Alija Bešić	30 March 1975
date of birth	Orlando Jacinto Garcia (born 1954; surname sometimes spelled García) is a Cuban-American composer of contemporary classical music.	Orlando Jacinto Garcia	1954
date of birth	Gavrik Losey (born 1938) is an American born key participant in various aspects of filmmaking including producer and production manager.	Gavrik Losey	1938
date of birth	Chitchanok Xaysensourinthone (Thai: ชิตชนก ไชยเสนสุรินธร; rtgs: Chitchanok Chaisensurinthon, born 23 August 1994), is a Swiss-born Thai-Lao professional footballer currently playing for Suphanburi in the Thai Premier League.	Chitchanok Xaysensourinthone	23 August 1994
date of birth	Krzysztof Buchowski (born 1969) is a Polish historian at Institute of History at University of Białystok.	Krzysztof Buchowski	1969
date of birth	Oscar Martel (February 1848 -- 1924) was a renowned Canadian violinist and violin teacher.	Oscar Martel	February 1848
date of birth	Marilyn Cole (born 7 May 1949) is Playboy magazine's January 1972 Playmate of the Month.	Marilyn Cole	7 May 1949
date of birth	David Tai Bornoff (born 1980 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American writer, Advertising Creative Director, photographer, film director and multimedia artist.	David Tai Bornoff	1980
date of birth	Edward Meyrick FRS (24 November 1854 -- 31 March 1938) was an English schoolmaster and amateur entomologist.	Edward Meyrick	24 November 1854
date of birth	Benjamin Gregory (born 21 November 1990) is a British decathlete.	Benjamin Gregory	21 November 1990
date of birth	David Boyd Haycock (born 1968 in Banbury, Oxfordshire) is a British writer of non-fiction.	David Boyd Haycock	1968
date of birth	Helen Shingler (born 19 August 1919) is a British film actress and the mother of actor Anthony Stewart Head and singer/musician Murray Head.	Helen Shingler	19 August 1919
date of birth	Sir Philip Warwick (24 December 1609 -- 15 January 1683), English writer and politician, born in Westminster, was the son of Thomas Warwick, or Warrick, a musician.	Philip Warwick	24 December 1609
date of birth	Étienne Djaument (born 1911 in Ivory Coast) was an Ivorian politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1947.	Étienne Djaument	1911
date of birth	Johannes Daniel Dahm (*born 1969 at Cologne) is a German geographer, ecologist, activist, consultant and entrepreneur.	Daniel Dahm	1969
date of birth	Manni Sandhu (born Amrinder Singh Sandhu) was born on 26 September 1989.	Manni Sandhu	26 September 1989
date of birth	Letitia Elizabeth Rudge, better known as Letty Lind (21 December 1861 -- 27 August 1923), was an English actress, singer, dancer and acrobat, best known for her work in burlesque at the Gaiety Theatre, and in musical theatre at Daly's Theatre, in London.	Letty Lind	21 December 1861
date of birth	François Louis-Marie (born 13 October 1961) is a French Guianan professional football manager.	François Louis-Marie	13 October 1961
date of birth	Ranjanben Dhananjay Bhatt (born 10 August 1962 Birth Place- Rayma-hansot, Bharuch (Gujarat))is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party who won the By elections, 2014 from the Vadodara (Lok Sabha constituency).	Ranjanben Dhananjay Bhatt	10 August 1962
date of birth	Paul Martin Andrews (born 1959) is an American rape survivor and an advocate for rape survivors.	Paul Martin Andrews	1959
date of birth	Felipe Campanholi Martins, commonly known as Felipe (born 30 September 1990) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer.	Felipe Campanholi Martins	30 September 1990
date of birth	Charles Swinnerton Heap (10 April 1847 - 11 June 1900) was an English organist and composer.	Charles Swinnerton Heap	10 April 1847
date of birth	Julie Laipply (born 1978) also known as Julie Marie Carrier or Julie Carrier is an award winning speaker, author and role model who is especially recognized for her work promoting youth leadership and self-esteem in young women.	Julie Laipply	1978
date of birth	Yaakov Elman (born 1943) is a professor of Talmud at Yeshiva University's Bernard Revel Graduate School of Jewish Studies where he holds the Herbert S. and Naomi Denenberg Chair in Talmudic Studies.	Yaakov Elman	1943
date of birth	Henry Quastler (1908--1963) was an Austrian physician and radiologist who became a pioneer in the field of information theory applied to biology after emigrating to America.	Henry Quastler	1908
date of birth	Matteo Negrini (born 21 December 1982) is an Italian footballer who played in the last two season for Italian fourth division club Alessandria.	Matteo Negrini	21 December 1982
date of birth	Morris George Cornell Vaagenes (1929- ) has been a leader in the national and international Lutheran and Ecumenical Charismatic movement since 1970, the largest spiritual awakening movement in history, with 650,000,000 Christians involved in its transformational power.	Morris George Cornell Vaagenes	1929
date of birth	Dally Messenger III (born 1938) is a civil celebrant, author, publisher, commentator, and a founder and chronicler of the civil celebrant movement which originated in Australia.	Dally Messenger III	1938
date of birth	Marco Gebhardt (born 7 October 1972) is a German football manager and former football player.	Marco Gebhardt	7 October 1972
date of birth	Mamdouh Habib was born on 3 June 1955 in Alexandria, Egypt, where he grew up in a Muslim family.	Mamdouh Habib	3 June 1955
date of birth	Mary Anne Atwood (née South), (1817--1910), was an English writer on hermeticism and spiritual alchemy.	Mary Anne Atwood	1817
date of birth	Neville Brody (born 23 April 1957) is an English graphic designer, typographer and art director.	Neville Brody	23 April 1957
date of birth	Ethel Merston (23 December 1882, London -- 19 March 1967, Tiruvannamalai, India) was one of G. I. Gurdjieff's first students at his Institute for the Harmonious Development of Man, at the Prieuré in Fontainebleau-en-Avon, France.	Ethel Merston	23 December 1882
date of birth	Ryan Esders (born 20 October 1986 in England), is an English rugby league player for Harlequins Rugby League in the European Super League competition.	Ryan Esders	20 October 1986
date of birth	Adam Neuser (c. 1530 -- 1576) was a Protestant pastor of Heidelberg who held Antitrinitarian views.	Adam Neuser	1530
date of birth	Christina Hembo (born 1978) is a Danish watch designer and entrepreneur, who owns the company Christina Design London and the Danish cycling team Christina Watches.	Christina Hembo	1978
date of birth	Hans-Georg Backhaus (born 1929) is a German Marxian economist and philosopher.	Hans-Georg Backhaus	1929
date of birth	Gilbert Livingston Wilson (1869 -- 1930) was an American ethnographer and a Presbyterian minister.	Gilbert Livingston Wilson	1869
date of birth	Guo Songling (simplified Chinese: 郭松龄; traditional Chinese: 郭松齡; pinyin: Guō Sōnglíng; Wade--Giles: Kuo Sung-ling) (1883 -- 24 December 1925) was a Manchurian general who led a three-month rebellion against his commanding warlord - Zhang Zuolin.	Guo Songling	1883
date of birth	Sila Puafisi (born 15 April 1988) is a Tongan international rugby union player, currently playing for Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12.	Sila Puafisi	15 April 1988
date of birth	Roderick Wellington (born 13 July 1978 in Tooting, England) is a British professional basketball player, and currently plays for the Leicester Riders in the British Basketball League.	Roderick Wellington	13 July 1978
date of birth	George Preston (c. 1659 -- 1748) was a Scottish army officer, known for his involvement in the Jacobite uprisings.	George Preston	1659
date of birth	Alexandra Chekina (born 10 February 1993) is a track and road cyclist from Russia.	Alexandra Chekina	10 February 1993
date of birth	Herman A. DeVry (1876 - 1941) was an American inventor, aviator, and colleague of Lee DeForest.	Herman A. DeVry	1876
date of birth	Angelika Führing (born on 4 October 1976 in Vienna) was an Austrian ice dancer.	Angelika Führing	4 October 1976
date of birth	David Hubbard (1792 -- January 20, 1874) was a U.S. Representative from Alabama, cousin of Sam Houston.	David Hubbard	1792
date of birth	Ginés de Mafra (1493--1546) was a Portuguese or Spanish explorer who sailed to the Philippines in the 16th century.	Ginés de Mafra	1493
date of birth	John Meesen (born 20 June 1986) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Melbourne Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	John Meesen	20 June 1986
date of birth	Dr. Hou Kok Chung (simplified Chinese: 何国忠; traditional Chinese: 何國忠; born 22 February 1963) is a Malaysian politician and was one of the Deputy Ministers for Higher Education along with Dato Saifuddin Abdullah in the Malaysian Cabinet.	Hou Kok Chung	1963
date of birth	Walter Butler, 16th Earl of Ormonde and 9th Earl of Ossory (de jure; 10 June 1703 -- 2 June 1783), succeeded his first cousin as de jure Earl of Ormonde but did not assume the honours.	Walter Butler, 16th Earl of Ormonde	10 June 1703
date of birth	Dr. Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah (born 6 November, 1951) (Arabic: أمين حسن عمر عبد الله‎) was the Minister of State at the Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports in Sudan.	Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah	6 November, 1951
date of birth	Laban Chege (born 10 September 1969) is a Kenyan athlete who specialises in middle and long distance running.	Laban Chege	10 September 1969
date of birth	Josiah Strong (April 14, 1847 -- June 26, 1916) was an American Protestant clergyman, organizer, editor and author.	Josiah Strong	1847
date of birth	Campese Ma'afu, (born 19 December 1984) is a Fiji professional rugby union footballer.	Campese Ma'afu	19 December 1984
date of birth	Riccardo Ghedin (born 5 December 1985) is a right-handed Italian tennis player.	Riccardo Ghedin	5 December 1985
date of birth	Tullio De Rosa (1923--1994) was an Italian enologist.	Tullio De Rosa	1923
date of birth	Paul Zacchias (1584-1659) was an Italian physician, teacher of medical science, medio-legal jurist, philosopher, and poet.	Paul Zacchias	1584
date of birth	Tessa Morris-Suzuki (born 29 October 1951 in England) is a historian of modern Japan and Korea.	Tessa Morris-Suzuki	29 October 1951
date of birth	Christiane Lanzke (15 March 1947 -- 2005) was a German diver and actress.	Christiane Lanzke	15 March 1947
date of birth	Arnold Schlaet (1859--1946) was a U.S. oil industrialist and business man.	Arnold Schlaet	1859
date of birth	Keshav Rao Koratkar was born in 1867 at Purjal Village in his maternal grandfather's house.	Keshav Rao Koratkar	1867
date of birth	Henrik Rasmussen (born 13 June 1968) is a Danish former professional footballer who made 322 appearances in the Superliga for AaB.	Henrik Rasmussen	13 June 1968
date of birth	Francisco Seixas da Costa, GCC, CMG, (Vila Real, 1948) is a former Portuguese diplomat and politician.	Francisco Seixas da Costa	1948
date of birth	Miraš Dedeić (Montenegrin: Mihailo, Miraš Dedeić), also known as Metropolitan Mihailo, (b. 8 November 1938) is the head of the uncanonical Montenegrin Orthodox Church since 1997.	Miraš Dedeić	8 November 1938
date of birth	Guido Marchi (born 21 September 1896) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a right back for Juventus.	Guido Marchi	21 September 1896
date of birth	Stefan Merrill Block (born 1982) is an American-born writer.	Stefan Merrill Block	1982
date of birth	John James McCook (1806 -- October 11, 1865), was a patriarch of the Fighting McCooks, one of the most prolific families in United States Army history.	John James McCook	1806
date of birth	Angela Grant (born 1950) is a British actress best known for her appearances in 4 Carry On films including Carry On Up the Khyber and Carry On Girls.	Angela Grant	1950
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Castello (1500 or 1509--1569 or 1579) was an Italian historical painter.	Giovanni Battista Castello	1509
date of birth	Rolf Aamot (born in Bergen on 28 September 1934) is a Norwegian painter, film director, photographer and tonal-image composer.	Rolf Aamot	28 September 1934
date of birth	Christie Whelan-Browne (born 6 August 1982) is an Australian actress who has worked extensively in musical theatre.	Christie Whelan	6 August 1982
date of birth	Mangesh Narayanrao Kale (born 1966) is a reputed Marathi poet, critic, translator and editor.	Mangesh Narayanrao Kale	1966
date of birth	David Claypoole Johnston (25 March 1798 -- 8 November 1865) was a 19th-century American cartoonist, printmaker, painter and actor from Boston, Massachusetts.	David Claypoole Johnston	25 March 1798
date of birth	Caleb Mills (1806 -- 1879) was an American educator and the first faculty member of Wabash College in Crawfordsville, Indiana.	Caleb Mills	1806
date of birth	Bryony Kimmings (born 30 March 1981) is an English live artist based in London.	Bryony Kimmings	30 March 1981
date of birth	John Reynald Tiangco (born November 21, 1972) popularly known as John Rey Tiangco is a Filipino politician, Tiangco is the incumbent mayor of the City of Navotas.	John Rey Tiangco	1972
date of birth	Sonia Ahmed (Urdu: سونیا احمد) (born 23 August 1980), is a Kuwaiti born Pakistani and founder of Miss Canada Pakistan Inc., also known as Miss Pakistan World, Mr. Pakistan World and Mrs. Pakistan World.	Sonia Ahmed	23 August 1980
date of birth	Ray Gaston (born 22 December 1946) is a former Northern Irish footballer who played for Coleraine, Oxford United and Lincoln City.	Ray Gaston	22 December 1946
date of birth	Christine Strübing (born 30 March 1952) was an East German swimmer.	Christine Strübing	30 March 1952
date of birth	Phelan Hill (born 21 July 1979) is a British rowing coxswain.	Phelan Hill	21 July 1979
date of birth	Saint Olivia of Palermo (Italian: S. Oliva dì Palermo, Sicilian: Uliva di Palermu), Palermo, 448 --	Olivia of Palermo	448
date of birth	Éric Bourdon (born in 1979) is a French painter and writer.	Éric Bourdon	1979
date of birth	Liisa Veijalainen (née Liukkonen; born 4 April 1951) is a Finnish orienteering competitor.	Liisa Veijalainen	4 April 1951
date of birth	Pamela Gillies, CBE, FRSA, FAcSS (born 1953) is a Scottish academic and educator, appointed as Principal/Vice-Chancellor of Glasgow Caledonian University in March 2006.	Pamela Gillies	1953
date of birth	Khadija Arib (Arabic: خديجة عريب‎, born 10 October 1960 in Hedami, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Dutch politician and the current Speaker of the Dutch House of Representatives.	Khadija Arib	10 October 1960
date of birth	Amada García Rodriguez (Mugardos, 1911 -- Ferrol, 1938) was a Galician Communist activist.	Amada García	1911
date of birth	Morari Bapu (Gujarati: મોરારી બાપુ, Hindi: मुरारी बापू; real name Moraridas Prabhudas Hariyani) was born on 25 September 1946 in Talgajarda near Mahuva, Gujarat.	Morari Bapu	1946
date of birth	Jindřich Dejmal (born 4 July 1948) is a Czech football manager who is the current sports director of FC Písek.	Jindřich Dejmal	4 July 1948
date of birth	Juan Pablo Passaglia (born 24 May 1989) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays as midfielder for Torneo Argentino A club Juventud UU.	Juan Pablo Passaglia	24 May 1989
date of birth	Ralph Sam Haeems (9 November 1940 -- 31 March 2005) was a leading British criminal defence solicitor.	Ralph Sam Haeems	9 November 1940
date of birth	Gjest Baardsen (1791 -- 13 May 1849) was a Norwegian outlaw, jail-breaker, non-fiction writer, songwriter and memoirist.	Gjest Baardsen	1791
date of birth	Henri Akoka (23 June 1912 -- 22 November 1976) was an Algerian Jewish clarinetist.	Henri Akoka	23 June 1912
date of birth	Matías Rodrigo Pérez Marín (born 4 January 1994) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Sporting B. He is one of the most promising Paraguayan soccer defenders.	Matías Rodrigo Pérez	4 January 1994
date of birth	Louise Hearman (born 1963) is an artist from Melbourne who has been painting and drawing from a very young age.	Louise Hearman	1963
date of birth	Wilson Onsare Ombui (born 15 June 1976) is a Kenyan former long-distance runner who competed in half marathon and marathon races.	Wilson Onsare	15 June 1976
date of birth	James Main (29 May 1886 -- 29 December 1909) was a Scottish footballer who played for Hibernian and the Scotland national football team as a right back.	James Main	29 May 1886
date of birth	Frances Walsingham, Countess of Essex and Countess of Clanricarde (1567 -- 17 February 1633) was an English noblewoman.	Frances Walsingham	1567
date of birth	Philip Shallcrass (born 1953), often known by his Druid name, Greywolf, is Chief of the British Druid Order.	Philip Shallcrass	1953
date of birth	Jörg Fiedler (born 21 February 1978) is a German épée fencer, European champion in 2011 and 2013 and three-time team silver World medallist (1999, 2003 and 2005).	Jörg Fiedler	21 February 1978
date of birth	Colin Bean (15 April 1926 -- 20 June 2009) was an English actor best known for his role as Private Sponge in the Second World War BBC comedy Dad's Army from 1968 to 1977, appearing in 76 of Dad's Army's 80 episodes.	Colin Bean	15 April 1926
date of birth	Robert McRuer (born 1966) is an American theorist who has contributed to fields in transnational queer and disability studies.	Robert McRuer	1966
date of birth	Marija Šerifović (Serbian: Марија Шерифовић, Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (mǎrija ʃerǐːfoʋitɕ), born 14 November 1984) is a Serbian singer.	Marija Šerifović	14 November 1984
date of birth	David Calthorpe (born 17 August 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon, the Brisbane Lions and the Kangaroos in the Australian Football League (AFL).	David Calthorpe	17 August 1973
date of birth	Jeon Tae-hyun (Hangul: 전태현; born 18 August 1986) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Jeju United in the K League Classic.	Jeon Tae-hyun	18 August 1986
date of birth	Cameron McFadzean, (born 7 May 1971 in Melbourne) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s (decade).	Cameron McFadzean	7 May 1971
date of birth	Stuart Pearson Wright (born 1975, Northampton) is an English portrait artist, winner of the BP Portrait Award.	Stuart Pearson Wright	1975
date of birth	Márcio Montarroyos (1949--2007) was a Brazilian jazz trumpet player.	Márcio Montarroyos	1949
date of birth	Dieric Bouts the Younger, also Dirk Bouts the Younger, (1448--May 2,1491) was a Belgian painter of the Early Netherlandish painting era.	Dieric Bouts the Younger	1448
date of birth	Veronica Geng (1941 -- December 24, 1997) was an American editor and writer.	Veronica Geng	1941
date of birth	Julian Iantzi Mitxelena, born in California in 1967, is a famous TV presenter in The Basque Country.	Julian Iantzi	1967
date of birth	Andreja Gomboc (born 1969) is a Slovenian astrophysicist.	Andreja Gomboc	1969
date of birth	Kuniyil Kailashnathan (25 May 1953) is a 1979 batch IAS Officer, served then Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi's as Chief Principal Secretary from 2013 to 2014.	Kuniyil Kailashnathan	25 May 1953
date of birth	Jeffrey Shaw (born 1944) is a pioneering new media artist and researcher.	Jeffrey Shaw	1944
date of birth	Vincent Oshana (born 1979) is an American actor and comedian best known for his HBO Stand-Up Comedy Set on Russell Simmons's Def Comedy Jam and various roles on Showtime channel's television series The Underground.	Vincent Oshana	1979
date of birth	Pedro de Aguado (1513 or 1538 -- late 16th or early 17th century) was a Spanish Franciscan friar who spent around 15 years in the New Kingdom of Granada, preaching to the Indians.	Pedro de Aguado	1513
date of birth	Nir Friedman (born 1967) is an Israeli Professor of Computer Science and Biology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Nir Friedman	1967
date of birth	Maulvi Faqir Mohammed (Pashto/Urdu: فقیر محمد; c. 1970) is a member of the Mohmand tribe and, until March 2012, a deputy leader of the Pakistani Taliban umbrella group Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan.	Faqir Mohammed	1970
date of birth	Mira Aroyo (Bulgarian: Мира Аройо; born July 11, 1977) is a Bulgarian musician, known as the secondary vocalist and one of the keyboardists and songwriters of the electronic band Ladytron, as well as a DJ. She writes and sings her songs for Ladytron in Bulgarian as well as English.	Mira Aroyo	1977
date of birth	Ni Sichong (simplified Chinese: 倪嗣沖; traditional Chinese: 倪嗣衝; pinyin: Ní Sìchōng; Wade--Giles: Ni2 Si4-ch'ung1; IPA: (ní sìʈ͡ʂʰʊ̄ŋ); 1868--1924) was a Chinese general.	Ni Sichong	1868
date of birth	Sonja Becq (born 8 December 1957 in Duffel) is a Belgian politician and a federal representative since 2007 (for the constituency Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde).	Sonja Becq	8 December 1957
date of birth	Desmond Nakano (born in 1953) is an American film director, screenwriter, film score composer, and actor.	Desmond Nakano	1953
date of birth	Luwamo Garcia (born 1 May 1985) is an Angolan footballer who played for Alki Larnaca in the Cypriot First Division.	Luwamo Garcia	1 May 1985
date of birth	Yim Sung-ah (Hangul: 임성아; hanja: 任晟娥; born 20 March 1984) is a South Korean professional golfer.	Yim Sung-ah	20 March 1984
date of birth	Henry Maxwell, 7th Baron Farnham KP (9 August 1799 -- 20 August 1868) was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament.	Henry Maxwell, 7th Baron Farnham	9 August 1799
date of birth	Ahmed Abdulhakim Ahmed Al-Sarori (Arabic: أحمد عبدالحكيم أحمد السروري‎) (born 9 August 1998) is a Yemeni football player.	Ahmed Al-Sarori	9 August 1998
date of birth	Benjamin Wolf Löw (1775 -- March 6, 1851) was a Polish--	Benjamin Wolf Löw	1775
date of birth	Payal Rohatgi (born 9 November 1984) is an Indian actress and reality TV performer and also a model who appears in Bollywood.	Payal Rohatgi	9 November 1984
date of birth	Erik Sanko (born 27 September 1963) is a bass player from New York who has played in The Lounge Lizards and currently active in Skeleton Key.	Erik Sanko	27 September 1963
date of birth	Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus Quintianus (170 -- aft. 212 and bef. 217) was the son of Syrian Roman Consul Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus and Annia Aurelia Galeria Lucilla.	Pompeianus	170
date of birth	Louise Armstrong (17 March 1937 -- 10 August 2008) was a published author of numerous adult and children books.	Louise Armstrong	17 March 1937
date of birth	Justice S. R. Bannurmath (Kannada:ಎಸ್. ಆರ್. ಬನ್ನೂರ್ ಮಠ)(Born: 23 January 1948, Dharwad) is the former Chief Justice of Kerala High Court and the present Chairman of Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission.	S. R. Bannurmath	23 January 1948
date of birth	Derek Minter (27 April 1932 -- 2 January 2015) was an English former Grand Prix motorcycle and short-circuit road racer.	Derek Minter	27 April 1932
date of birth	Paramjit Khurana (born 15 August 1956) is an Indian scientist in Plant Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, Genomics who is presently Professor in the Department of Plant Molecular Biology in the University of Delhi, Delhi.	Paramjit Khurana	15 August 1956
date of birth	Paul Yee (born 1 October 1956) is a Chinese-Canadian historian and writer.	Paul Yee	1 October 1956
date of birth	Jeri Laber (born 1931) is one of the founders of Human Rights Watch, the largest human rights organization in the United States.	Jeri Laber	1931
date of birth	Manuel Miguel Afonso Pedroso Liz Rodrigues (born 30 November 1989), known as Manuel Liz, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Atlético as a second striker.	Manuel Liz	30 November 1989
date of birth	Greg Stekelman (born 12 February 1975 in London) is a British novelist and writer.	Greg Stekelman	12 February 1975
date of birth	George G. Anderson (1839 - May 8, 1884) is best known for making the first ascent to the summit of Half Dome in Yosemite National Park in California, United States on October 12, 1875.	George G. Anderson	1839
date of birth	Amram Mitzna (Hebrew: עמרם מצנע, born 20 February 1945) is an Israeli politician and former general in the IDF.	Amram Mitzna	20 February 1945
date of birth	Lata Mangeshkar ( pronunciation ) (born 28 September 1929) is an Indian playback singer, and occasional music-composer.	Lata Mangeshkar	28 September 1929
date of birth	Eve Pancharoen (Thai: อีฟ ปานเจริญ - born 7 August 1981), better known by her stage name Palmy (Thai: ปาล์มมี่), is a Thai-Belgian pop singer.	Palmy	7 August 1981
date of birth	Alonso de Sotomayor y Valmediano (1545--1610) was a Spanish conquistador from Extremadura, and a Royal Governor of Chile.	Alonso de Sotomayor	1545
date of birth	William Washington Cole (1847 -- March 10, 1915), was part owner of the Barnum & Bailey Circus.	William Washington Cole	1847
date of birth	Professor John Michael Cullen (14 December 1927 -- 23 March 2001) was an Australian ornithologist, of English origin.	John Michael Cullen	1927
date of birth	Jacob Glushakow (1914-- October 12, 2000) was an American painter known for his keen observations of life in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, USA.	Jacob Glushakow	1914
date of birth	Ireneusz Paliński (13 May 1932 -- 9 July 2006) was the first Polish weightlifter to win an Olympic gold medal, which he has done in 1960.	Ireneusz Paliński	13 May 1932
date of birth	Terri Crawford Hansen (born 1953) is a journalist who focuses primarily on environmental and scientific issues affecting North American tribal and worldwide indigenous communities.	Terri Crawford Hansen	1953
date of birth	Andrei Lungu (born 29 January 1989, Pitești) is a Romanian professional football player, who currently plays for Energie Cottbus in German 3.	Andrei Lungu	29 January 1989
date of birth	Yuliya Biryukova (Russian: Юлия Сергеевна Бирюкова; born 17 March 1985) is a Russian foil fencer.	Yuliya Biryukova	17 March 1985
date of birth	Facundo Cangiani (born 23 April 1991) is an Argentine handball player.	Facundo Cangiani	23 April 1991
date of birth	Tammy Thomas (born 1970 or 1971) is a former American sprint track cyclist, who won a silver medal at the 2001 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the individual sprint event.	Tammy Thomas	1970
date of birth	Peter Prevc (Slovene: (pèːtɛ́ːr prèːút͡s); born 20 September 1992) is a Slovenian ski jumper.	Peter Prevc	20 September 1992
date of birth	Robert A. Levy (born 1941 in Washington, DC) is the chairman of the libertarian Cato Institute and the organizer and financier behind District of Columbia v. Heller, the Supreme Court Case that established the Second Amendment as affirming an individual right to gun ownership.	Robert A. Levy	1941
date of birth	Lars Bygdén (born 1973) is a Swedish singer, song-writer and guitarist.	Lars Bygdén	1973
date of birth	Doris Mae Oulton (born May 23, 1945 in Barrhead, Alberta, Canada) One of three daughters, she left home early after high school.	Doris Mae Oulton	1945
date of birth	Alula Girma (Amharic: አሉላ ግርማ?, born 15 July 1993) is an Ethiopian footballer.	Alula Girma	15 July 1993
date of birth	Kain O'Keeffe (born 22 October 1987) is an Australian actor, known for his appearances in Australian television dramas and minor roles in films.	Kain O'Keeffe	22 October 1987
date of birth	Michael Buback (February 16, 1945) is a chemist and professor at Göttingen University.	Michael Buback	1945
date of birth	Rahim Beqiri (Albanian: Rahim Beqiri; Macedonian: Рахим Беќири), (1 January 1957 -- 1 August 2001), or better known as Komandant Roki, was an army commander in the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) during the Kosovo War of the late 1990s.	Rahim Beqiri	1 January 1957
date of birth	Richard Humann (born 1961) is a New York City-based American neo-conceptual artist.	Richard Humann	1961
date of birth	Sigurd Wallén (1 September 1884 - 20 March 1947) was a Swedish actor, film director and singer.	Sigurd Wallén	1 September 1884
date of birth	Dunia Susi (born 10 August 1987) is an English international footballer.	Dunia Susi	10 August 1987
date of birth	Mark Naley (born 11 March 1961) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the VFL/AFL and South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Mark Naley	11 March 1961
date of birth	Joseph van Vicker (born 1 August 1977), better known as Van Vicker, is a Ghanaian actor.	Van Vicker	1 August 1977
date of birth	Alifatou Djibril (born 13 February 1980) is a Togolese athlete specializing in the shot put and discus throw.	Alifatou Djibril	13 February 1980
date of birth	Dominic Carman (born 23 August 1961) is a British journalist, writer and Liberal Democrat politician.	Dominic Carman	23 August 1961
date of birth	Michelle Borel (born 13 April 1983, Trinidad and Tobago) is a radio personality, television host and producer.	Michelle Borel	13 April 1983
date of birth	Henry Victor (2 October 1892 -- 15 March 1945) was an English-born character actor who had his highest profile in the silent era.	Henry Victor	2 October 1892
date of birth	Heinrich Wilhelm Zimmerman, portrait painter, was born at Danzig in 1805.	Heinrich Wilhelm Zimmerman	1805
date of birth	Vadim Dale was born 19 January 1976 to an Italian mother and Australian father.	Vadim Dale	19 January 1976
date of birth	Dr. Ahmad Abu Matar (born 1944, deceased 2016) was a Palestinian academic and writer, often on human rights issues.	Ahmad Abu Matar	1944
date of birth	Juan de Atienza (born at Tordehumos, near Valladolid, in Spain, in 1546) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary in South America.	Juan de Atienza	1546
date of birth	Per Landgren (born 1958) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician, member of the Swedish parliament (Riksdag) 1998--2006.	Per Landgren	1958
date of birth	Laarbi Batma (1948, in Oulad Bouziri (Chaouia) -- 1997) was a Moroccan musician, author, and the front man of the group Nass El Ghiwane.	Laarbi Batma	1948
date of birth	Edward Robins (2 March 1862 -- 22 May 1943) was an American newspaperman, author of fiction and non-fiction for both adults and juveniles, antiquarian, and historian.	Edward Robins	2 March 1862
date of birth	Sir Francis Drake, 3rd Baronet (1642 - 1718) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1700.	Sir Francis Drake, 3rd Baronet	1642
date of birth	Jane Trahey (November 19, 1923 -- April 22, 2000) was an American businesswoman and writer.	Jane Trahey	1923
date of birth	Anna Nagornyuk (Russian: Анна Нагорнюк; born 10 January 1996) is a Russian ice dancer who competed for Uzbekistan with Viktor Kovalenko until mid-2013.	Anna Nagornyuk	10 January 1996
date of birth	Amanda Fraser (born 10 September 1981 in Emerald, Queensland) is an Australian Paralympic athlete and swimmer.	Amanda Fraser	10 September 1981
date of birth	Tommy McGrain (born 31 January 1959) was a Scottish footballer who was initially signed up on an 'S' form by Celtic.	Tommy McGrain	31 January 1959
date of birth	Matthew Burt (born 1951) is a furniture designer-maker in England who runs a contemporary practice from a studio and workshop (established 1978) based in the South Wiltshire village of Sherrington, west of Salisbury.	Matthew Burt	1951
date of birth	May Britt Hartwell (born May Britt Våland; 8 May 1968 in Sola) is a Norwegian cyclist.	May Britt Hartwell	8 May 1968
date of birth	Thomas V. Morris, also known as Tom Morris and, on social media, tomvmorris (born 1952), is an American philosopher.	Thomas V. Morris	1952
date of birth	Tony O'Neill (born 1978, Blackburn, Lancashire) is a New York-based author.	Tony O'Neill	1978
date of birth	Henry Dison Gabell, D.D. (1764--1831), was head-master of Winchester College.	Henry Dison Gabell	1764
date of birth	Countess Palatine Maria Anna of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler (18 July 1753 -- 4 February 1824) was Countess Palatine of Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen and Duchess in Bavaria, through her marriage to Duke Wilhelm in Bavaria.	Countess Palatine Maria Anna of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld	18 July 1753
date of birth	Eduard Hrnčár (born 8 July 1978) is a Slovak international footballer, who last played as a defender for Kozani F.C..	Eduard Hrnčár	8 July 1978
date of birth	Nataraja Krishnamoorthy (born 1951), better known as Soorya Krishnamoorthy, is the founder-director of the SOORYA Stage and Film Society.	Soorya Krishnamoorthy	1951
date of birth	Noor Alam Khan (born 12 October 1972) is a Pakistani politician who was elected as Member of 18th National Assembly.	Noor Alam Khan	12 October 1972
date of birth	Brendon Gooneratne (born 28 March 1938) is a Sri Lankan scholar, physician, cricketer and author.	Brendon Gooneratne	28 March 1938
date of birth	Princess Caroline of Nassau-Usingen (German: Prinzessin Karoline Polyxena von Nassau-Usingen; 4 April 1762 -- 17 August 1823) was the elder daughter of Karl Wilhelm, Prince of Nassau-Usingen, and wife of Landgrave Frederick of Hesse-Kassel.	Princess Caroline of Nassau-Usingen	4 April 1762
date of birth	Raoul Weston La Barre (13 December 1911 -- March 1996) was an American anthropologist, best known for his work in ethnobotany, particularly with regard to Native-American religion, and for his application of psychiatric and psychoanalytic theories to ethnography.	Weston La Barre	13 December 1911
date of birth	Evgeny Sedov (Russian: Евгений Вадимович Седов; born 29 January 1996) is a Russian competitive swimmer.	Evgeny Sedov	29 January 1996
date of birth	Marco Botti (born 23 December 1976) is an Italian racehorse trainer who is based in Great Britain, working from a stables at Newmarket, Suffolk.	Marco Botti	23 December 1976
date of birth	David Durell D.D. (1728--1775) was Principal of Hertford College, Oxford from 1757 to 1775, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1765 to 1768, and a noted Old Testament scholar of his day.	David Durell	1728
date of birth	Chris Hersch (born 1982, in Orefield, Pennsylvania) is a Boston-based guitarist.	Chris Hersch	1982
date of birth	Albert Cummings (born 1968, Williamstown, Massachusetts, United States) is an American blues musician who is currently signed to Blind Pig Records.	Albert Cummings	1968
date of birth	William Winfield Scott (February 1855 in Pennsylvania -- October 1, 1935 in New Jersey) was a lawyer and the official historian of Passaic, New Jersey.	William Winfield Scott	February 1855
date of birth	Princess Michael of Kent (Marie Christine Anna Agnes Hedwig Ida; née von Reibnitz; born 15 January 1945) is a member of the British Royal Family of German and Hungarian descent.	Princess Michael of Kent	15 January 1945
date of birth	Rudolf Stingel (born 1956) is an artist based in New York.	Rudolf Stingel	1956
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Shashindra Pal Tyagi (born 14 March 1945), more commonly known as S P Tyagi, is the former Chief of the Air Staff of the Indian Air Force.	Shashindra Pal Tyagi	14 March 1945
date of birth	Maharaja Sir Manindra Chandra Nandy KCIE (29 May 1860 -- 12 May 1929) was the Maharaja of Cossimbazar Raj from 1898 to 1929 and a philanthropist and reformist in the period of the Bengal Renaissance.	Manindra Chandra Nandy	29 May 1860
date of birth	Alex Templeton-Ward (born 9 June 1983, Carlisle, Cumbria) is an English artist and musician.	Alex Templeton-Ward	9 June 1983
date of birth	Ravi V. Melwani (RVM) (born 15 October 1966) is an Indian speaker, an author, a singer, a poet and a philanthropist.	Ravi V. Melwani	15 October 1966
date of birth	Jason Hewitt (born 28 August 1983 in Manchester, England) is an English professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Sheffield Steelers in the EIHL Hewitt began his fledgling career with his local junior team, the Altrincham Aces after having watched the Manchester Storm.	Jason Hewitt	28 August 1983
date of birth	Nicola Park (born 6 January 1972) is a Scottish actress and performer.	Nicola Park	6 January 1972
date of birth	Shinji Kazama (born 26 September 1950) is a Japanese motorcyclist who rode to the North and South Poles on motorcycles.	Shinji Kazama	26 September 1950
date of birth	Henry P. Melnikow was born in 1892 in Kiev, Russia, where his father was a shopkeeper.	Henry P. Melnikow	1892
date of birth	Andrew Norton (born 7 July 1965) is an Australian author and researcher.	Andrew Norton	1965
date of birth	Steven Downes (born 22 November 1961) is a British sports journalist, television producer and a contributing writer for the Sunday Herald.	Steven Downes	22 November 1961
date of birth	Stuart Magee (born 13 October 1943 in Ireland) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Footscray in the VFL.	Stuart Magee	13 October 1943
date of birth	Chaim Pinchas Scheinberg (Hebrew: חיים פנחס שיינברג‎;‎ 1 October 1910 -- 20 March 2012) was a Polish-born, American-raised, Israeli Haredi rabbi and rosh yeshiva who, from 1965, made his home in the Kiryat Mattersdorf neighborhood of Jerusalem, Israel.	Chaim Pinchas Scheinberg	1 October 1910
date of birth	Freddie Hogan (born 17 May 1988) is a British actor, who became known to a wider audience in a leading role in the ninth series of the British sitcom Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps broadcast by BBC Three.	Freddie Hogan	17 May 1988
date of birth	Anita Doth (born 28 December 1971) is a Dutch singer and songwriter best known as the front person of the duo 2 Unlimited, along with rapper Ray Slijngaard.	Anita Doth	28 December 1971
date of birth	Steffen Kummerer was born in Chemnitz (Karl-Marx-Stadt then) on 1 June 1985.	Steffen Kummerer	1 June 1985
date of birth	Gerald Goodhardt (born 1930) is a marketing scientist.	Gerald Goodhardt	1930
date of birth	Rodreck Mutuma (born 5 April 1988) is a Zimbabwean footballer who is currently with Dynamos Harare who he join after being released by South African Premier Soccer League club Bloemfontein Celtic.	Rodreck Mutuma	5 April 1988
date of birth	Antoine-Roger Bolamba (1913--2002) was the first Secretary of State and Minister of Information in the first Congolese government.	Antoine-Roger Bolamba	1913
date of birth	Johan Erik Forsström (1775--1824) was a Swedish pastor and naturalist from the province of Dalarna.	Johan Erik Forsström	1775
date of birth	Oscar López Rivera (born 6 January 1943) is a Puerto Rican nationalist and one of the leaders of the FALN.	Oscar López Rivera	6 January 1943
date of birth	John J. Lloyd (1922 -- September 20, 2014) was an American art director and production designer known for his work on such films as National Lampoon's Animal House, The Blues Brothers, The Thing, Big Trouble in Little China, and The Naked Gun:	John J. Lloyd	1922
date of birth	Fr. Xavier Khan Vattayil was born in Pallikurup near Mannarkkad, Palakkad in 1969.	Xavier Khan Vattayil	1969
date of birth	Đorđe Branković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Бранковић; anglicized as George; 1461--1516) was the titular Despot of Serbia, given to him in 1486 by Matthias Corvinus, and ruled a region known as Racszag (after Rascia, being equivalent of modern Vojvodina) under the Kingdom of Hungary.	Đorđe Branković	1461
date of birth	Yves Rogers (born 1989) is a former Dutch professional basketball player who played for Dutch league eredivisie club Upstairs!	Yves Rogers	1989
date of birth	Clément Mignon (born 21 January 1993) is a French freestyle swimmer.	Clément Mignon	21 January 1993
date of birth	Abdellatif Filali (Arabic: عبد اللطيف الفلالي‎; 26 January 1928 -- 20 March 2009) was a Moroccan politician and diplomat under King Hassan II. Filali was known to have progressive views.	Abdellatif Filali	26 January 1928
date of birth	August Hagenbach (1871--1949) was a Swiss physicist working in spectroscopy.	August Hagenbach	1871
date of birth	André Franc (1911 -- 1990s) was a French biologist and malacologist.	André Franc	1911
date of birth	Anne-Grete Rendtorff (born 1947) is a Danish singer, who was most popular in the 1980s.	Anne-Grete	1947
date of birth	Kadhem Sharif was born in 1952 and like his father became obsessed with motorcycles.	Kadhem Sharif	1952
date of birth	Charles Tjessem (born 5 May 1971, Sandnes) is a Norwegian chef, and winner of the 2003 Bocuse d'Or.	Charles Tjessem	5 May 1971
date of birth	Eran Malkin (Hebrew: ערן מלכין‎; born 22 March 1993) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	Eran Malkin	22 March 1993
date of birth	Nerija Putinaitė (born 19 May 1971 in Tauragė, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian philosopher and politician, Vice-minister of the Ministry of Science and Education of the Republic of Lithuania.	Nerija Putinaitė	19 May 1971
date of birth	Elder Grigorije (Serbian: Старац Григорије ; fl. 1310--1355) was a Serbian nobleman, Orthodox cleric and writer.	Elder Grigorije	1310
date of birth	Rakhee Thakrar (born 29 February 1984) is an English actress from Leicester, Leicestershire, best known for playing the character of Shabnam Masood in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.	Rakhee Thakrar	29 February 1984
date of birth	Diego Daldosso (or spells as Dal Dosso, born 24 June 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sambonifacese.	Diego Daldosso	24 June 1983
date of birth	Sandra Gal (born 9 May 1985) is a German professional golfer who currently plays on the United States--based LPGA Tour.	Sandra Gal	9 May 1985
date of birth	Marie Hardiman (born 21 July 1975) is an English former competitive swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200-metre breaststroke at the 1993 European Aquatics Championships.	Marie Hardiman	21 July 1975
date of birth	Oni Buchanan (born 1975) is an American poet, and pianist.	Oni Buchanan	1975
date of birth	Francis Adorno (1521 - January 13, 1586) was a celebrated Italian preacher.	Francis Adorno	1521
date of birth	Lin Po-cheng (林柏辰, born 18 October 1985) is a 26-year-old Taiwanese footballer.	Lin Po-cheng	18 October 1985
date of birth	Eva Pilarová (born 9 August 1939, in Brno) is a Czech singer and actress.	Eva Pilarová	9 August 1939
date of birth	Jamil Azzaoui (in Arabic جميل عزاوي), also known as just Jamil (born 17 May 1961) is a Canadian humorous artist / comedian, musician (guitarist) and an artist agent of Moroccan origin living in Montreal and well known in France and the francophone countries.	Jamil Azzaoui	17 May 1961
date of birth	Prince Opoku Bismark Polley Sampene (born 4 May 1969), simply known as Prince Polley is a retired Ghanaian footballer.	Prince Polley	4 May 1969
date of birth	Abraham Cohen Labatt (1802, Charleston, South Carolina - August 16, 1899, Galveston, Texas) was an American Sephardic Jew who was a prominent pioneer of Reform Judaism in the United States in the 19th century, founding several early congregations in the South and in San Francisco after the Gold Rush.	Abraham Cohen Labatt	1802
date of birth	Mary Stanton (born 1947 in Winter Park, Florida) is an American author most famous for her eight-volume children's fantasy series Unicorns of Balinor.	Mary Stanton	1947
date of birth	Mohammad Saleh Uddin, ``Badal'' (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ সালেহ উদদিন; born 6 November 1954) is a Bangladeshi architect, professor, author and artist.	Saleh Uddin	6 November 1954
date of birth	Marius Tomozei (born 9 September 1990) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Botoșani as a Defender.	Marius Tomozei	9 September 1990
date of birth	Ron Coe (born 29 January 1933 -- 5 March 1988) was an English professional cyclist from Barnsley and a multiple British National Road Race Champion.	Ron Coe	29 January 1933
date of birth	Debra Phillips (born in 1958) is an Australian artist.	Debra Phillips	1958
date of birth	Bogdan Straton (born 23 August 1983 in Iaşi) is a Romanian footballer who currently plays as a Defensive Midfielder.	Bogdan Straton	23 August 1983
date of birth	Isaac de Razilly (1587 -- juillet 1636 ) was a member of the French nobility appointed a knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem at the age of 18.	Isaac de Razilly	1587
date of birth	Enzo Lefort (born 29 September 1991) is a French foil fencer, bronze medal in the 2014 World Championships, European and World team champion in 2014.	Enzo Lefort	29 September 1991
date of birth	Víctor Rangel Ayala (born 11 March 1957) is a retired Mexican footballer, currently manager of Atlético Mexiquense of the Mexican Primera Division A.	Víctor Rangel	11 March 1957
date of birth	John Wannuaucon Quinney (1797 -- July 21, 1855) was a Mahican (also Stockbridge) diplomat, and was nicknamed ``The Dish''.	John Wannuaucon Quinney	1797
date of birth	Michel Daerden (16 November 1949 -- 5 August 2012) was a francophone Belgian politician, a member of the Parti Socialiste, and a Finance auditor.	Michel Daerden	16 November 1949
date of birth	Philip Weller (born 1956) is a Canadian environmental scientist.	Philip Weller	1956
date of birth	Anne of York, Duchess of Exeter (10 August 1439 -- 14 January 1476) was the first child and eldest surviving daughter of Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York, and Cecily Neville.	Anne of York, Duchess of Exeter	10 August 1439
date of birth	Es'kia Mphahlele (17 December 1919 -- 27 October 2008) was a South African writer, educationist, artist and activist celebrated as the Father of African Humanism and one of the founding figures of modern African literature.	Es'kia Mphahlele	17 December 1919
date of birth	Sabhan Adam (Arabic: سبهان آدم‎; born 19 January 1973) is a Syrian plastic artist.	Sabhan Adam	19 January 1973
date of birth	Jack Cockburn (26 December 1911 - 21 September 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and for South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Jack Cockburn	26 December 1911
date of birth	Horia Colibășanu (born 4 January 1977 Timișoara) is a Romanian mountain climber.	Horia Colibășanu	4 January 1977
date of birth	Judy Horacek (born 12 November 1961) is an Australian cartoonist, illustrator and writer whose work recently includes children's picture books.	Judy Horacek	12 November 1961
date of birth	Jamad Scott Walden (born 1969) is an American DJ and radio host known as DJ Jamad.	DJ Jamad	1969
date of birth	Oliver Eric Guerin (23 October 1924 -- 21 March 1993) is an American Hall of Fame jockey.	Eric Guerin	23 October 1924
date of birth	Seah Eu Chin (1805--1883; simplified Chinese: 佘有进; traditional Chinese: 佘有進; pinyin: Shé Yǒujìn; also spelt Siah U-chin, Seah Uchin, Seah You Chin) was an immigrant from South China to Singapore, later becoming a successful merchant and leader in the Chinese community.	Seah Eu Chin	1805
date of birth	Liu Guchang (Chinese: 刘古昌, born 1946 in Jiangsu) was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the People's Republic of China to the Russian Federation from 2003 to 2009.	Liu Guchang	1946
date of birth	Merle Park, DBE, (born 8 October 1937) is a British ballet dancer and teacher, now retired.	Merle Park	8 October 1937
date of birth	Luis Conte (born 16 November 1954) is a Cuban percussionist.	Luis Conte	16 November 1954
date of birth	Bente Moe (born 2 December 1960) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon race.	Bente Moe	2 December 1960
date of birth	Peter Knobler (born 1946) is an American writer living in New York City.	Peter Knobler	1946
date of birth	Tjokorda Krishna Putra Sudharsana (born 1956) is a famous Balinese artist and the current prince of Ubud.	Tjokorda Krishna Putra Sudharsana	1956
date of birth	Zhang Haidi (Chinese: 张海迪; born September 1955) is a Chinese writer, translator, inspirational speaker, and Chairperson of China Disabled Persons' Federation (CDPF).	Zhang Haidi	1955
date of birth	Luke Milbourne or Milbourn (1649--1720) was an English clergyman, known as a High Church supporter of Henry Sacheverell, and also as a critic and poet.	Luke Milbourne	1649
date of birth	Hari Shankar Sharma (1891--1968) was a Hindi and Urdu poet from Harduaganj, Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Hari Shankar Sharma	1891
date of birth	Katsu Naito (born 1964) is a Japanese photographer.	Katsu Naito	1964
date of birth	Jemima Condict was born in a rural setting in the mountains of northwestern New Jersey on 24 August 1754.	Jemima Condict	1754
date of birth	Liu Jianye (simplified Chinese: 刘建业; traditional Chinese: 劉建業; pinyin: Liú Jiànyè; born 17 June 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League.	Liu Jianye	17 June 1987
date of birth	General Mohammed Asif Safi (1923 -- July 26, 2009) (Pashto:تور نجنرال اركا نحرب محمد آصف صافي) was an Army General in the Afghan National Army during King Zahir Shah's rule in Afghanistan, and later during the 1970s era of President Mohammed Daoud Khan.	Mohammed Asif Safi	1923
date of birth	Willie Manu (born 20 March 1980) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League.	Willie Manu	20 March 1980
date of birth	General Sir James Shaw Kennedy, KCB (13 October 1788 -- 30 May 1865) was a British soldier and military writer.	James Shaw Kennedy	13 October 1788
date of birth	Keith Charters (b 1965) is a British author and publisher.	Keith Charters	1965
date of birth	Hugh Newell Jacobsen (born 1929) is a prominent United States architect.	Hugh Newell Jacobsen	1929
date of birth	Naim Sharifi (Persian: نعیم شریفی‎‎; Russian: Махмаднаим Махмадкаримзаде Шарифи; born 3 June 1992 in Tajikistan) is a Russian footballer of Tajik origin.	Naim Sharifi	3 June 1992
date of birth	William V. Ranous (12 March 1857 -- 1 April 1915) was an American silent film actor and director.	William V. Ranous	12 March 1857
date of birth	Jeon Jin-ho (Korean: 전진호 born 10 October 1980 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey right winger.	Jeon Jin-ho	10 October 1980
date of birth	Charles Lennox Richardson (16 April 1834 -- 14 September 1862) was an English merchant based in Shanghai who was killed in Japan during the Namamugi Incident.	Charles Lennox Richardson	16 April 1834
date of birth	Valdis Mintals (born 11 December 1979 in Tallinn) is an Estonian pair skater.	Valdis Mintals	11 December 1979
date of birth	Bénédict Pierre Georges Hochreutiner (1873-1959) was a Swiss botanist and plant taxonomist.	Bénédict Pierre Georges Hochreutiner	1873
date of birth	Albert Nolan, O.P. (born 1934) is a Roman Catholic priest and member of the Dominican order in South Africa.	Albert Nolan	1934
date of birth	Robert Verbeek (born 26 July 1961) is a Dutch former soccer player and subsequently a manager.	Robert Verbeek	26 July 1961
date of birth	Robin Schimminger (born 1947) represents District 140 in the New York State Assembly, which comprises all of the Town of Tonawanda (including the Village of Kenmore), the City of Tonawanda in Erie County, and most of the City of North Tonawanda in Niagara County.	Robin Schimminger	1947
date of birth	John Edward Jacob (born 1934 in Trout, Louisiana) was a U.S. civil rights leader.	John Edward Jacob	1934
date of birth	Priyanka Chopra (pronounced (prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː); born 18 July 1982) is an Indian film actress and singer, and the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000.	Priyanka Chopra	18 July 1982
date of birth	Francis Burns (1809 -- 1863) was an American Methodist minister who served as a missionary in Liberia.	Francis Burns	1809
date of birth	Diane Kruger (German pronunciation: (diˈa:nə ˈkru:ɡɐ); born Diane Heidkrüger; 15 July 1976) is a German actress and former fashion model.	Diane Kruger	15 July 1976
date of birth	Born in 1972, Florian Wiek was scholarship-holder of Villa musica-Mainz from 1994--1997 where he performed chamber music with leading German musicians like Thomas Brandis, Ida Bieler, Martin Ostertag, Wolfgang Gaag and Rainer Moog.	Florian Wiek	1972
date of birth	Otto-Wilhelm Wandesleben (born 16 December 1912) was a German police officer and SS-Obersturmbannführer.	Otto-Wilhelm Wandesleben	16 December 1912
date of birth	Friedrich Hasenöhrl (German: (ˈhaːzn̩øːɐ̯l); 30 November 1874 -- 7 October 1915), was an Austrian physicist.	Friedrich Hasenöhrl	30 November 1874
date of birth	Jan Gissberg (born 13 August 1948) is a Swedish cartoonist, animator and film director.	Jan Gissberg	13 August 1948
date of birth	Swami Krishnananda Saraswati (25 April 1922 -- 23 November 2001) was a disciple of Sivananda Saraswati and served as the General Secretary of the Divine Life Society in Rishikesh, India from 1958 until 2001.	Krishnananda Saraswati	25 April 1922
date of birth	Mustafa Rugibani (Arabic: مصطفى الرجباني‎), is a Libyan businessman and politician who was born in 1941.	Mustafa Rugibani	1941
date of birth	Paz Márquez-Benítez (1894--1983) was a Filipina short-story writer.	Paz Márquez-Benítez	1894
date of birth	Nemanja Vidić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Видић, Serbian pronunciation: (ně̞maɲa v̞ǐːdit͡ɕ); born 21 October 1981) is a retired Serbian professional footballer.	Nemanja Vidić	21 October 1981
date of birth	José Daniel Santibáñez or JD Santibáñez (Guayaquil, 1959) is an Ecuadorian science fiction novelist and comic book writer.	José Daniel Santibáñez	1959
date of birth	Gheorghe Tudor (born 1884, Stâncăuţi) was a Bessarabian politician.	Gheorghe Tudor	1884
date of birth	Richie Unterberger (born 1962) is an American author and journalist whose focus is popular music and travel writing.	Richie Unterberger	1962
date of birth	Petra Pfaff (born 16 October 1960 in Hoyerswerda) is a retired East German 400 metres hurdler.	Petra Pfaff	16 October 1960
date of birth	Gloria Marks (born 1923) is a former pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during the 1943 season.	Gloria Marks	1923
date of birth	Arthur Smithells, CMG FRS (24 May 1860 -- 24 February 1939) was a British chemist.	Arthur Smithells	24 May 1860
date of birth	Damien Martin (born 2 October 1946) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Offaly senior hurling team.	Damien Martin	2 October 1946
date of birth	Polly James (born 8 July 1941) born as Pauline Devaney, is an English actress with a career in theatre, film, television and radio spanning 35 years.	Polly James	8 July 1941
date of birth	Don Stivers (born Donald Ray Stivers, 1926 - 2009) was an American artist, known for his portrayal of historical and military subjects.	Don Stivers	1926
date of birth	Irfan Razack (born 30 October 1953) is an Indian entrepreneur from Bangalore.	Irfan Razack	30 October 1953
date of birth	Brian Rajadurai (born 24 August 1965) is a Canadian and Sri Lankan cricket player.	Brian Rajadurai	24 August 1965
date of birth	Karunakara Guru (1 September 1927 -- 6 May 1999) also known as Navajyothi Sree Karunakara Guru, is the Founder Guru of Santhigiri Ashram situated in Pothencode, Kerala, India, and the fundamental force behind the re-emergence of Sanathana Dharma or Eternal religion.	Karunakara Guru	1 September 1927
date of birth	Burleigh Smith (born Andrew Christopher Burleigh Smith, 7 January 1979) is an Australian screenwriter, film director and actor.	Burleigh Smith	7 January 1979
date of birth	Maria João Mira (born 18 September 1959 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas.	Maria João Mira	18 September 1959
date of birth	Cheryl Wheeler-Dixon (born 1960) is a stunt woman, stunt double, and stunt driver in the US movie industry.	Cheryl Wheeler-Dixon	1960
date of birth	Ernő Koch (8 August 1898, Szászváros, Austria-Hungary (now Orăștie, Romania) -- 31 March 1970, St. Louis, United States) was a Hungarian graphic artist.	Ernő Koch	1898
date of birth	Richard Jago (1 October 1715 -- 8 May 1781) was an English clergyman poet and minor landscape gardener from Warwickshire.	Richard Jago	1 October 1715
date of birth	Thierry Michel (born 13 October 1952) is a Belgian film director, mostly making social and political documentaries.	Thierry Michel	13 October 1952
date of birth	Corey Hanson (born 11 August 1992) is a Rugby League player, currently playing for York City Knights.	Corey Hanson	11 August 1992
date of birth	Mor Filiksinos Yusuf Çetin (born 20 August 1954) is a Turkish Christian religious leader who has been serving since 1986 as the Patriarchal Vicar of the Syriac Orthodox Church in Istanbul and Ankara.	Yusuf Çetin	20 August 1954
date of birth	Zelma I. Edgell, better known as Zee Edgell, MBE (born 21 October 1940 in Belize City, Belize), is a Belizean-born American writer who has had four novels published.	Zee Edgell	21 October 1940
date of birth	Joshua Ian Robin (best known as Josh Robin; born 5 March 1976) is a television journalist in New York City with the all-news channel NY1.	Josh Robin	5 March 1976
date of birth	Carl Eric Stålberg (born 1951) is a Swedish businessman and the current Chairman of Swedbank.	Carl Eric Stålberg	1951
date of birth	Laurence Westgaph (born 28 February 1975), is a British historian, activist and television presenter, specialising in British black history and slavery.	Laurence Westgaph	28 February 1975
date of birth	Yolanda Sonnabend (26 March 1935 -- 9 November 2015) was a British theatre and ballet designer and painter, primarily of portraits.	Yolanda Sonnabend	26 March 1935
date of birth	Catherine Maria Fanshawe (1765--1834) was an English poet.	Catherine Maria Fanshawe	1765
date of birth	Pacôme Assi (born 25 February 1981) is a French kickboxer and Europe Kick Boxing Champion.	Pacôme Assi	25 February 1981
date of birth	Richard Charlton (1791--1852) was the first diplomatic Consul from Great Britain to the Kingdom of Hawaii (1825--1843).	Richard Charlton	1791
date of birth	Daniel Felgenhauer (born 10 May 1976) is a German former footballer who is now assistant manager of MSV Duisburg.	Daniel Felgenhauer	10 May 1976
date of birth	Karl-Heinz Mrosko (born 11 October 1946) is a German former football midfielder who played for Stuttgarter Kickers, Bayern Munich, 1.	Karl-Heinz Mrosko	11 October 1946
date of birth	Michael Hasted (born 3 December 1945, Bristol, England) Artist, Writer and Director for the theatre and Photographer	Michael Hasted	3 December 1945
date of birth	Agamemnon Koutsogiorgas (Greek: Αγαμέμνων Κουτσόγιωργας; 1922 -- April 18, 1991), commonly known as Menios Koutsogiorgas (Μένιος Κουτσόγιωργας), was a Greek lawyer, police officer and politician.	Menios Koutsogiorgas	1922
date of birth	Abdo Hakim (Arabic: عبدو حكيم‎, 29 August 1973) is a Lebanese actor and voice actor.	Abdo Hakim	29 August 1973
date of birth	Kamal Boulahfane (born 1 July 1976) is a former Algerian runner, who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Kamal Boulahfane	1 July 1976
date of birth	Philip Abramo (born 1945), also known as ``The King Of Wall Street'', ``Lou Metzer'' is a caporegime in the New Jersey DeCavalcante crime family who was allegedly involved in security fraud and murder.	Philip Abramo	1945
date of birth	Harbans Mukhia (born 1939) is an Indian historian whose principal area of study is medieval India.	Harbans Mukhia	1939
date of birth	Scott Bieser (born 1957) is an illustrator and writer of comics, and a former computer game animator.	Scott Bieser	1957
date of birth	Zou Yu (simplified Chinese: 邹瑜; traditional Chinese: 鄒瑜; pinyin: Zōu Yú; born October 1920 in Bobai County, Yulin, Guangxi) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Zou Yu	October 1920
date of birth	Hannu Koistinen (born 1966, Joensuu) is a Finnish kantele maker, founder and CEO of Koistinen Kantele.	Hannu Koistinen	1966
date of birth	Henry Hermann Mumm Thornton (born 1932) was a prominent banker and businessman whose young adulthood was detailed in the journals of his stepfather Edmund Wilson, the noted essayist and scholar.	Henry Hermann Mumm Thornton	1932
date of birth	Perwîz Cîhanî (born 1955), is a Kurdish writer and novelist.	Perwîz Cîhanî	1955
date of birth	Avril Starling (born Avril Moira Starling, 19 April 1953, Hampstead, London) is an English Women's cricketer.	Avril Starling	19 April 1953
date of birth	J. Radhakrishnan (born 16 September 1966) is an Indian civil servant and administrator who is primarily known for his relief work in Nagapattinam and Thanjavur districts during the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which gained worldwide appreciation.	J. Radhakrishnan	16 September 1966
date of birth	Christopher Panzner (born 1959) is an American artist/writer/producer living and working in France.	Christopher Panzner	1959
date of birth	John C. Hooper (Jock), born 1945, is an American conservationist, forest manager, and organic farmer.	John C. Hooper	1945
date of birth	Ricardo Arregui Calvo (born 19 September 1952) is a neurosurgeon doctor, frostbite specialist and former president of CAI Balonmano Aragón and Asobal Handball League.	Ricardo Arregui	19 September 1952
date of birth	Hsieh Kuo-liang (traditional Chinese: 謝國樑; simplified Chinese: 谢国梁; pinyin: Xiè Guóliáng; Wade--Giles: Hsieh Kuo-liang; born 5 October 1975) is a Taiwanese politician.	Hsieh Kuo-liang	5 October 1975
date of birth	Ed Donaldson, born 1959-01-01 in Mobile, AL, was a professional boxer.	Ed Donaldson	1959
date of birth	Lê Bật Hiếu (born 22 August 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Centre-back for V-League club Thanh Hoa F.C..	Lê Bật Hiếu	22 August 1984
date of birth	John Bylsma (born 1 February 1946) is an Australian former track cyclist who won a silver medal at the 1966 Commonwealth Games in the 4000 metre individual pursuit.	John Bylsma	1 February 1946
date of birth	Benedict Mason, born on 23 February 1954, is a British composer.	Benedict Mason	23 February 1954
date of birth	Graham Sheen (born 1952) is a bassoonist, teacher, composer and arranger.	Graham Sheen	1952
date of birth	Julia Wilmotte Henshaw (8 August 1869 -- 19 November 1937) was a Canadian botanist, geographer, writer, and political activist who also served with the Red Cross in World War I.	Julia Wilmotte Henshaw	1869
date of birth	Rabbi Shmaryahu Yosef Nissim Karelitz (Hebrew: נסים קרליץ‎; born July 1926 in Vilnius) is the chairman of the beis din tzedek (rabbinical court) of Bnei Brak.	Nissim Karelitz	1926
date of birth	Jin Daoming (born December 1953) is a former Chinese politician who spent his career in Beijing and Shanxi province.	Jin Daoming	December 1953
date of birth	Ada Udechukwu (born 1960) is a Nigerian artist and poet associated with the Nsukka group.	Ada Udechukwu	1960
date of birth	Nabil El Zhar (Arabic: نبيل الزهر‎; born 27 August 1986) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Spanish club UD Las Palmas as a right winger.	Nabil El Zhar	27 August 1986
date of birth	Ditlev Gothard Monrad (24 November 1811 -- 28 March 1887) was a Danish politician and bishop of Lolland-Falster.	Ditlev Gothard Monrad	24 November 1811
date of birth	Prince Charles Kofi Asamoah (also known as Charles Asamoah; born 1 July 1985) is a Ghanaian footballer.	Charles Asamoah	1 July 1985
date of birth	Erra Fazira (born Fazira Wan Chek 9 February 1974) is a Malaysian actress, singer, fashion model, TV Host, film producer, as well as former beauty queen.	Erra Fazira	9 February 1974
date of birth	Adel Humoud (Arabic: عادل حمود‎, born 20 June 1986) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a Midfielder.	Adel Humoud	20 June 1986
date of birth	Bob Shannon (born 1945) is an American former high school football coach.	Bob Shannon	1945
date of birth	Lorraine Shaw (born 2 April 1968 in Gloucester) is an English hammer thrower.	Lorraine Shaw	2 April 1968
date of birth	Stefan Tafrov is a Bulgarian politician, born on 11 February 1958, in Sofia.	Stefan Tafrov	1958
date of birth	Dan W. Quinn (1859 -- November 7, 1938) was one of the first American singers to become popular in the new medium of recorded music.	Dan W. Quinn	1859
date of birth	Li Xueju (simplified Chinese: 李学举; traditional Chinese: 李學舉; pinyin: Lǐ Xuéjǔ; born April 1945) is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and the former Minister of Civil Affairs of PRC.	Li Xueju	April 1945
date of birth	William Macmichael (30 November 1783 -- 10 January 1839) was an English physician and medical biographer, remembered as the author of The Gold-Headed Cane (1827).	William Macmichael	1783
date of birth	Farrokh Ghaffari (1921 -- 17 December 2006) was an Iranian film director, actor, critic and author.	Farrokh Ghaffari	1921
date of birth	Jeraldyne Blunden (1940--1999) was the founder and artistic director of the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company.	Jeraldyne Blunden	1940
date of birth	Michael H. Carty (1860 -- April 1, 1900) was an Irish-born lawyer and politician in Newfoundland.	Michael H. Carty	1860
date of birth	Norodom Vichara (17 August 1946 -- July 28, 2013) was a Cambodian princess and politician.	Norodom Vichara	17 August 1946
date of birth	Lionel Sackville-West, 2nd Baron Sackville, GCMG (19 July 1827 -- 3 September 1908), was a British diplomat.	Lionel Sackville-West, 2nd Baron Sackville	19 July 1827
date of birth	Forster Alleyne McGeachy (1809 -- 20 March 1887) was a politician, Conservative Member of Parliament in the UK, and a school reformer.	Forster Alleyne McGeachy	1809
date of birth	Federico Cesarano (5 July 1886 -- 22 January 1969) was an Italian fencer and sport shooter.	Federico Cesarano	5 July 1886
date of birth	Benjamin Abadiano (born 1963) is a Filipino lexicographer who has worked in the country's highlands with the Mangyan, Lumad, and other indigenous peoples.	Benjamin Abadiano	1963
date of birth	Frank Mavius (born 15 March 1956) is a retired German weightlifter who won four medals in the bantamweight category (56 kg) at the European championships of 1977--1985.	Frank Mavius	15 March 1956
date of birth	Vujica Vulićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Вујица Вулићевић; 1773--1828) was a Serbian voivode (military commander) in the First Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution, led by Grand Leader Karađorđe against the Ottoman Empire.	Vujica Vulićević	1773
date of birth	Antonia Campbell-Hughes (born 19 September 1982) is a Northern Irish actress of English and Irish descent, best known for appearing in Jack Dee's sitcom Lead Balloon.	Antonia Campbell-Hughes	1982
date of birth	Callee Keating (born 30 September 1987) is an Australian professional wrestler best known by her ring name of Kellie Skater.	Kellie Skater	30 September 1987
date of birth	Réka Szemerkényi (born 25 October 1966) is a Hungarian economist, political scientist and politician, who has been the Hungarian Ambassador to the United States since 2015.	Réka Szemerkényi	25 October 1966
date of birth	Robbin Remers (born 20 August 1991, Gouda) is a water polo player of the Netherlands.	Robbin Remers	20 August 1991
date of birth	John Le Neve (1679--1741) was an English antiquary, known for his Fasti Ecclesiæ Anglicanæ (``Feasts of the Anglican Church''), a work of English church biography which has been published in many subsequent editions.	John Le Neve	1679
date of birth	Davide Morello (born 22 June 1978) is a former Italian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, his last club was then Serie C1 club Trapani.	Davide Morello	22 June 1978
date of birth	Manfred Stohl (born 7 July 1972 in Vienna) is an Austrian rally driver who debuted in the World Rally Championship in 1991.	Manfred Stohl	7 July 1972
date of birth	Martyn Ashton (born 2 December 1974) is a former British and World Champion mountain bike trials rider, stunt rider and team manager.	Martyn Ashton	2 December 1974
date of birth	William Saurin Lyster (21 March 1828 -- 27 November 1880) was an impresario, active in Australia.	William Saurin Lyster	21 March 1828
date of birth	Mohamed Ihab Youssef Ahmed Mahmoud (born 21 November 1989) is an Egyptian weightlifter.	Mohamed Ihab	21 November 1989
date of birth	Jaroslav Melnik (Yaroslav Melnyk Lithuanian: Jaroslavas Melnikas, Ukrainian: Ярослав Мельник; born 6 February 1959) is a Ukrainian/Lithuanian novelist, philosopher, and critic.	Yaroslav Melnyk	6 February 1959
date of birth	Dafydd Glyn Jones (born 1941) is a Welsh scholar and lexicographer, born in the village of Carmel, Gwynedd.	Dafydd Glyn Jones	1941
date of birth	Yang Na,( 9 October 1982 -- ) is a Surrealism artist.	Yang Na	9 October 1982
date of birth	Herman P. Schwan (7 August 1915 -- 17 March 2005) was a biomedical engineer and biophysicist, recognised as the ``founding father of biomedical engineering''.	Herman P. Schwan	7 August 1915
date of birth	George Walker Weld (1840--1905), youngest son of William Fletcher Weld and member of the Weld Family of Boston, was a founding member of the Boston Athletic Association (organizers of today's Boston Marathon) and the financier of the Weld Boathouse, a landmark on the Charles River.	George Walker Weld	1840
date of birth	Gerwin Pardoel (born 12 May 1981), better known by his stage name Gers Pardoel or mononymously as Gers, is a Dutch rapper.	Gers Pardoel	12 May 1981
date of birth	Tommy Bruce (16 July 1937 -- 10 July 2006) was an English rock and roll singer who had most of his success in the early 1960s.	Tommy Bruce	16 July 1937
date of birth	Mark Uth (born 24 August 1991) is a left-footed German footballer who plays as a striker for 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga.	Mark Uth	24 August 1991
date of birth	Gwendoline Riley is an English writer, born in 1979.	Gwendoline Riley	1979
date of birth	Claude Hêche (born 20 December 1952) is a Swiss politician and First Vice President of the Swiss Council of States for 2013/2014.	Claude Hêche	20 December 1952
date of birth	Konstancja Kochaniec (born 27 May 1976 Wroclaw, (Poland)) is a Polish classical and film music composer.	Konstancja Kochaniec	27 May 1976
date of birth	Cornelius Nozeman or Cornelis (15 August 1720-- 22 July 1786) was a Dutch Remonstrant churchman and naturalist.	Cornelius Nozeman	15 August 1720
date of birth	Loup Verlet (French pronunciation: ​(lu vɛʁˈlɛ); born 24 May 1931) is a French physicist who pioneered the computer simulation of molecular dynamics models.	Loup Verlet	24 May 1931
date of birth	Vadym Karatayev or Vadim Karataev (15 January 1964) is an association footballer from the former Soviet Union.	Vadym Karatayev	15 January 1964
date of birth	Melissha Martinez (born 1978), better known by her stage name Maya Jupiter, is a Turkish-Mexican Australian rapper and radio personality.	Maya Jupiter	1978
date of birth	Du Bin (Chinese: 杜斌; Pinyin: Dù Bīn; born 1972) is a Chinese journalist, photographer, poet and documentary film-maker.	Du Bin	1972
date of birth	William Reid Clanny FRSE (1776 -- 10 January 1850) was an Irish physician and inventor of a safety lamp.	William Reid Clanny	1776
date of birth	Inocencio Pérez (born 1870 - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball pitcher in the Cuban League.	Inocencio Pérez	1870
date of birth	Clyde Van Dusen (1885 -- January 8, 1951) was an American jockey and trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses best known for winning the 1929 Kentucky Derby.	Clyde Van Dusen	1885
date of birth	Alangadu Ramamurthi Srinivasan (born 8 April 1933), popularly known as A. R. Srinivasan and A. R. S., is a Tamil stage, television and film actor.	A. R. Srinivasan	8 April 1933
date of birth	Devajyoti Ray (born in 1974) is an Indian painter and installation artist whose works attained significance in the post-liberalization phase of the Indian economy.	Devajyoti Ray	1974
date of birth	John Nicholas Brown I (1861 -- May 1, 1900) was a book collector who donated his father's collection to Brown University.	John Nicholas Brown I	1861
date of birth	Oliver Spencer (6 October 1736 -- 22 January 1811) was a New Jersey officer during the American Revolutionary War and received a special commission to enlist and lead one of 16 Additional Continental Regiments.	Oliver Spencer	6 October 1736
date of birth	Dominic Sandbrook (born 2 October 1974) is a British historian, author, columnist and television presenter.	Dominic Sandbrook	1974
date of birth	Roy Marsden (born Roy Anthony Mould; 25 June 1941) is an English actor, who is probably best known for his portrayal of Adam Dalgliesh in the Anglia Television dramatisations of P. D. James's detective novels.	Roy Marsden	25 June 1941
date of birth	Vladimir Valjarević (born 1973, Tuzla, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia), is a Bosnian/American pianist.	Vladimir Valjarević	1973
date of birth	Alice Stuart (born 1942, Chelan, Washington) is an American blues and folk singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Alice Stuart	1942
date of birth	Tan Kai (Chinese: 谭凯; born 1973) is a mainland Chinese computer technician and an environmental activist from Zhejiang province.	Tan Kai	1973
date of birth	Philip R. Day, Jr. (born 7 August 1945) is the former Chancellor of City College of San Francisco.	Philip R. Day	7 August 1945
date of birth	Marcelo dos Santos Cipriano (born 11 October 1969), known simply as Marcelo, is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a striker.	Marcelo dos Santos Cipriano	11 October 1969
date of birth	Christoph Schappeler (1472 -- August 25, 1551) was a German religious figure, the preacher at St. Martin's in Memmingen during the early 16th century, during the Protestant Reformation and the German Peasants' War.	Christoph Schappeler	1472
date of birth	Lt. General Sir Hugh Lyle Carmichael (1764-1813), was a British officer of the 2nd West India Regiment.	Hugh Lyle Carmichael	1764
date of birth	Klaus Lang (born 26 April 1971 in Graz) is an Austrian composer, concert organist, improviser, and academic teacher.	Klaus Lang	26 April 1971
date of birth	Giorgi Alaverdashvili (Georgian: გიორგი ალავერდაშვილი; born 21 November 1987) is a Georgian footballer who plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz.	Giorgi Alaverdashvili	21 November 1987
date of birth	Bradley Mark (born 26 February 1957) is a New Zealand born Australian shooter.	Bradley Mark	26 February 1957
date of birth	Carlos Eduardo Medellín Becerra (born 14 September 1962) is a Colombian lawyer and diplomat and has served as Minister of Justice of Colombia and as Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom.	Carlos Eduardo Medellín Becerra	14 September 1962
date of birth	Christian Bonfanti (born 30 November 1981 in Bergamo) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI ProTeam Domina Vacanze in 2005.	Christian Bonfanti	30 November 1981
date of birth	Richard Warren (c. 1578--died c.1628) was one of the passengers on the Pilgrim ship Mayflower and a signer of the Mayflower Compact.	Richard Warren	1578
date of birth	Meredith Garniss (born 1967) is an American visual artist and landscape painter.	Meredith Garniss	1967
date of birth	Flora Macaulay (1859 - 1958) was a long-time editor of The Oban Times newspaper in Oban, Scotland.	Flora Macaulay	1859
date of birth	Michael Elwyn (born 23 August 1942) is a Welsh actor, notable for his work in film (Shadow Man), stage (The Audience, as Anthony Eden) and television (Stella).	Michael Elwyn	23 August 1942
date of birth	Chris Aberdein (born 23 January 1963) is a South African racing driver who competed in the South African Touring Car Championship for Audi in the late 1990s, finishing runner-up in 1996 to team-mate Terry Moss, and picking up 7 wins and 12 podiums on the way.	Chris Aberdein	23 January 1963
date of birth	Dave Cousins (born David Joseph Hindson, 7 January 1945, Hounslow, Middlesex, England) is an English singer and songwriter, who has been the leader, singer and most active songwriter of Strawbs since 1967.	Dave Cousins	7 January 1945
date of birth	Charlotte Tansey (c. 1922 -- August 26, 2010) was a Canadian academic, educator and writer who founded the Thomas More Institute for Adult Education in Montreal, in 1945.	Charlotte Tansey	1922
date of birth	Ashley Martin (born c. 1981) is an American athlete who became the first woman to play and score in an NCAA Division I American football game, and one of the first ever to score points in any college football game.	Ashley Martin	1981
date of birth	Hans van der Zee (born 15 January 1956 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch soccer manager and scout.	Hans van der Zee	15 January 1956
date of birth	Laura J. Snyder (born 1964) is an American historian, philosopher, and writer.	Laura J. Snyder	1964
date of birth	Gilda Olvidado (born 9 August 1957 in Cebu City, Cebu) is a Filipino movie and television writer, and melodrama novelist.	Gilda Olvidado	9 August 1957
date of birth	James Francillon (1802--1866), was an English barrister and legal writer.	James Francillon	1802
date of birth	Mylan Engel Jr. (born 1960) is a full professor of philosophy at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb.	Mylan Engel	1960
date of birth	Mary Ormond or Ormand (born c. 1702, date of death unknown) was the wife of the notorious English pirate Blackbeard.	Mary Ormond	1702
date of birth	José Francisco Ramírez Pineda (born 10 July 1976), known as Francisco Ramirez, is a retired Honduran footballer.	José Francisco Ramírez	10 July 1976
date of birth	Tsoro Deep (23 July 1977) was born (Sifiso Mavuso) in a small village called Belgrade in Pongola KZN.	Tsoro Deep	23 July 1977
date of birth	Xu Zongheng (simplified Chinese: 许宗衡; traditional Chinese: 許宗衡; pinyin: Xǔ Zōnghéng; born July 1955) was the mayor of Shenzhen, Guangdong, China from June 2005 to June 2009.	Xu Zongheng	July 1955
date of birth	Sven Lõhmus (born 13 July 1972) is an Estonian pop-composer, producer and lyricist.	Sven Lõhmus	13 July 1972
date of birth	Amanda Fahy born in London on 20 April 1985 is a British actress most famous for her role as Shannon Parks in the BBC children's series Grange Hill.	Amanda Fahy	20 April 1985
date of birth	Bagher Larijani (born 5 May 1961), is an Iranian medical doctor (Professor of Endocrinology) and Director General of the Endocrinology and Metabolism Research Institute (EMRI).	Bagher Larijani	5 May 1961
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Sukampol Suwannathat (Thai: สุกำพล สุวรรณทัต, rtgs: Sukamphon Suwannathat; born 17 August 1951) is a Thai air force officer and politician.	Sukampol Suwannathat	17 August 1951
date of birth	Kim van Kooten (born 26 January 1974 in Purmerend, North Holland) is a Dutch actress and screenwriter.	Kim van Kooten	26 January 1974
date of birth	Fadıl Öztürk (1955, Tunceli, Turkey) is a Zaza writer and poet.	Fadıl Öztürk	1955
date of birth	James Maurice Daniels (born 1924) is a Canadian Oxford-educated physicist, inventor, author, and former university professor.	James Maurice Daniels	1924
date of birth	Gus Harrington (born 1943) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-back for the Cork senior football team.	Gus Harrington	1943
date of birth	Curtis Woodhouse (born 17 April 1980) is an English former professional footballer turned professional boxer and football manager.	Curtis Woodhouse	17 April 1980
date of birth	Ghulam Farid Sabri (1930 - April 5, 1994) was a major Qawwali singer, and a leading member of the Sabri Brothers a leading qawwali group.	Ghulam Farid Sabri	1930
date of birth	Jun Ji-hyun (Hangul: 전지현; hanja: 全智賢; born Wang Ji-hyun, 30 October 1981), also known as Gianna Jun, is a South Korean actress.	Jun Ji-hyun	30 October 1981
date of birth	Jobst Hirscht (born 19 July 1948) is a German former athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Jobst Hirscht	19 July 1948
date of birth	Jared Rando (born 1981) is an Australian downhill mountain biker, signed to Giant Bicycles.	Jared Rando	1981
date of birth	Colbert Clark (1898--1960) was an American screenwriter, film director and film producer.	Colbert Clark	1898
date of birth	Giovanni Antonio Amadeo (c. 1447 -- August 27 or 28, 1522) was an Italian early Renaissance sculptor, architect, and engineer.	Giovanni Antonio Amadeo	1447
date of birth	Khalid Hussain (Urdu: خالد حسین‎; born 1969 in Pakistan) is a Norwegian-Pakistani writer and film producer.	Khalid Hussain	1969
date of birth	Jane Williams (née Jane Cleveland; 21 January 1798 -- 8 November 1884) was a British woman best known for her association with the Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley.	Jane Williams	21 January 1798
date of birth	Miguel S. Demapan BSc, MBA, JD, D.Litt (c. 1953 -- June 30, 2012) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1999 to 2011.	Miguel S. Demapan	1953
date of birth	Philip Saltzman (1928 - August 14, 2009) was an American executive producer and television writer.	Philip Saltzman	1928
date of birth	Aamir Liaquat Hussain (Urdu: عامر لیاقت حسین‎; born 5 July 1971) is a Pakistani politician and broadcaster.	Aamir Liaquat	5 July 1971
date of birth	Claire Barratt (born 1974) is an industrial archaeologist, steam engineer and television presenter from the UK.	Claire Barratt	1974
date of birth	Lê Thần Tông (chữ Hán: 黎神宗), birth name Lê Duy Kỳ (黎維祺) (1607--1662) was the sixth king of Vietnamese Lê Dynasty.	Lê Thần Tông	1607
date of birth	Nick van Woert (born 1979) is an American artist from Reno, Nevada.	Nick van Woert	1979
date of birth	Terence Siufay (born 13 July 1976, in Macau) is a Chinese singer who has been with the group C-Plus for the past 10 years in Macau.	Terence Siufay	13 July 1976
date of birth	Jeremy Ray (born 19 July 1984) is an Australian television presenter and video game reviewer.	Jeremy Ray	19 July 1984
date of birth	Kate Cordsen (born 1964, Great Falls, Virginia, United States) is an American photographer and contemporary artist.	Kate Cordsen	1964
date of birth	Jessica Lindell-Vikarby (born 7 February 1984) is a retired Swedish World Cup alpine ski racer.	Jessica Lindell-Vikarby	7 February 1984
date of birth	Chittabrata Majumdar (Bengali: চিত্তব্রত মজুমদার) (1935 -- 2007) was general secretary of Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), the trade union wing of CPI(M) from 2003 till his death.	Chittabrata Majumdar	1935
date of birth	Arran Brindle (born Thompson on 23 November 1981 at Steeton, Yorkshire) is an English cricketer and member of the England Women's team.	Arran Brindle	23 November 1981
date of birth	Ned Manning was born in 1950 and grew up on a property in Coonabarabran, New South Wales.	Ned Manning	1950
date of birth	Peter Fitzgerald-Moore, (28 May 1919 -- 5 May 2004) was a geologist, environmentalist and political activist.	Peter Fitzgerald-Moore	1919
date of birth	Félix Pissarro (24 July 1874 -- 29 November 1897), born in Pontoise, Paris, in the year of the first Impressionist exhibition, was a nineteenth-century French painter, etcher and caricaturist.	Félix Pissarro	24 July 1874
date of birth	Datta Bhagat (born 13 June 1945 in Waghi village of Nanded district Maharashtra) is a noted Marathi playwright and one of the leaders of the Dalit theater movement in Marathi.	Datta Bhagat	13 June 1945
date of birth	Francis L. Delmonico, MD, FACS (born in New York in 1945) is a surgeon, clinical professor and health expert in the field of transplantation.	Francis L. Delmonico	1945
date of birth	Hannah Rich (born 3 January 1991) is a Welsh racing cyclist from Undy near Caldicot, Monmouthshire, Wales.	Hannah Rich	3 January 1991
date of birth	Allyssa Wolf (born 1971) is an American poet of the post-Language school.	Allyssa Wolf	1971
date of birth	Lydia Chichester du Pont (1907-1958) was an American heir who was part of the prominent Du Pont family.	Lydia Chichester du Pont	1907
date of birth	Serkan Silan (born 18 March 1983 in İstanbul) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a left back or left winger back for Balıkesirspor in the Turkish Second League.	Serkan Silan	18 March 1983
date of birth	William Gustavo Constâncio (born 9 January 1992), simply known as William Gustavo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Académica.	William Gustavo	9 January 1992
date of birth	Darren Stamp (born 2 December 1980 in Oulart, County Wexford) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Wexford senior team.	Darren Stamp	2 December 1980
date of birth	Salem Nasser Bakheet (born 27 June 1977) is a Bahraini athlete who specialises in the high jump.	Salem Nasser Bakheet	27 June 1977
date of birth	Abraham Polonski (aka ``Pol'' or ``Maurice Ferrer'') was born in Russia in 1913.	Abraham Polonski	1913
date of birth	Kaan Kairinen (born 22 December 1998) is a Finnish footballer currently playing for danish Superliga club FC Midtjylland.	Kaan Kairinen	22 December 1998
date of birth	Fujiwara no Kamatari (藤原 鎌足, 614 -- November 14, 669) was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician during the Asuka period (538 -- 710).	Fujiwara no Kamatari	614
date of birth	Ian Aspinall (born 1961) is a British actor who is well known for the role of Mubbs Hussein in Holby City, which he played from 2001 to 2005.	Ian Aspinall	1961
date of birth	Paul Keenan (born 5 November 1976) is a songwriter and producer based in Dumbarton, near Glasgow in Scotland.	Paul Keenan	5 November 1976
date of birth	Ditte Marie Jensen (born c. 1970) is a former softcore erotic model from Farum, Denmark posing for pornographic magazines.	Ditte Marie Jensen	1970
date of birth	Pedro Virgil (born 28 August 1973) is a Fiji born Australian Photographer and Reality TV show personality, and engineer.	Pedro Virgil	28 August 1973
date of birth	Birgit Hogefeld (born 27 July 1956) is a former member of the West German Red Army Faction (RAF).	Birgit Hogefeld	27 July 1956
date of birth	Vronwy Hankey (b. Vronwy Mary Fisher) (5 September 1916 -- 11 May 1998) was an archaeologist, a specialist in Near Eastern, Minoan, and Mycenaean archaeology.	Vronwy Hankey	5 September 1916
date of birth	Rachel Neylan (born 9 March 1982) is an Australian professional road cyclist.	Rachel Neylan	9 March 1982
date of birth	H. Pierre Noyes (born December 10, 1923) is an American nuclear physicist.	H. Pierre Noyes	1923
date of birth	Ma Dehua (simplified Chinese: 马德华; traditional Chinese: 馬德華; pinyin: Ma Dehua; born 11 August 1945) is a Chinese actor best known for his role as Zhu Bajie in the 1986 television series Journey to the West.	Ma Dehua	11 August 1945
date of birth	Lauren Mitchell (born 23 July 1991) is an Australian artistic gymnast.	Lauren Mitchell	23 July 1991
date of birth	Hugo von Seeliger (23 September 1849 -- 2 December 1924), also known as Hugo Hans Ritter von Seeliger, was a German astronomer, often considered the most important astronomer of his day.	Hugo von Seeliger	23 September 1849
date of birth	Prof. Clive Finlayson MBE FLS (b. 15 January 1955) is a Gibraltarian zoologist, paleoanthropologist and paleontologist.	Clive Finlayson	15 January 1955
date of birth	Lyle H. Lanier (1903--1988) was an American experimental psychologist, university professor and administrator, and a scholar in education studies.	Lyle H. Lanier	1903
date of birth	Wilfred Bamnjo (Chinese: 賓曹born 27 March 1980 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley.	Wilfred Bamnjo	27 March 1980
date of birth	Nina George (30 August 1973 in Bielefeld) is a German writer, best known as the author of The Little Paris Bookshop, an international bestseller, that has been translated in more than 28 languages as of 2015, and sold in more than 500.000 copies.	Nina George	30 August 1973
date of birth	Todd Foster (born August 27, 1967 in Great Falls, Montana) is an American boxer in the Junior middleweight division.	Todd Foster	1967
date of birth	Prasad V. Potluri (Telugu: ప్రసాద్ వి పొట్లూరి, born on 8 September 1970), popularly known as ``PVP'' is a serial entrepreneur, philanthropist and educationalist.	Prasad V. Potluri	8 September 1970
date of birth	Zuzana Schindlerová (born 25 April 1987) is Czech athlete, whose specialization is race walking.	Zuzana Schindlerová	25 April 1987
date of birth	George Papageorgiou (born c. 1958) is an American football coach and former player in the United States.	George Papageorgiou	1958
date of birth	Jay Milder (born 1934) is an American artist and a figurative expressionist painter of the second generation New York School.	Jay Milder	1934
date of birth	Ian Hart (born Ian Davies; 8 October 1964) is an English stage, television and film actor best known for playing Quirinus Quirrell in the 2001 fantasy film Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.	Ian Hart	8 October 1964
date of birth	Gustavo Di Lella (born 6 October 1973) is an Argentinian footballer who played in The Football League for Darlington, Hartlepool United and Scarborough.	Gustavo Di Lella	6 October 1973
date of birth	Zoe Carides (born 19 February 1962) is an Australian actress of film and television, who is best known for her roles in the television series (and film version) Police Rescue as Lorrie Gordon G. P. as Dr. Sonia Kapek and Grass Roots as Liz Murray.	Zoe Carides	19 February 1962
date of birth	Jordan Ramos (born 18 July 1995 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a British sprinter, former British Gymnast, five-times British Tumbling (gymnastics) Champion, a European Silver Medallist, a Guinness World Records Breaker for the longest slam dunk from a trampoline.	Jordan Ramos	18 July 1995
date of birth	Martin Nduwimana (born 1958) was the First Vice-President of Burundi from 29 August 2005 to November 2007.	Martin Nduwimana	1958
date of birth	Marilyn Gillies Carr (born 16 December 1941) is a Scottish woman from Dundee.	Marilyn Gillies Carr	16 December 1941
date of birth	Henry Frederick William Behnsen (March 16, 1852 -- after 1916) was a German-born cigar manufacturer and political figure in British Columbia.	Henry Frederick William Behnsen	1852
date of birth	Giorgi Shengelaia (Georgian: გიორგი შენგელაია; Russian: Гео́ргий Никола́евич Шенгела́я; born 11 May 1937) is a Georgian and Soviet film director.	Giorgi Shengelaia	11 May 1937
date of birth	Hugh Lester (born 1891, date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played as a defender.	Hugh Lester	1891
date of birth	Ali Bapir, also called Mamosta Ali Bapir and Sheikh Ali Bapir (in Kurdish: مامۆستا عه‌لی باپیر, in Arabic: الشيخ علي بابير)is a well known man in Iraqi Kurdistan, born 1961 in the Peshdar region, Iraqi Kurdistan.	Ali Bapir	1961
date of birth	Sabahudin Kurt (born 18 July 1935) is a Bosnian folk and pop singer.	Sabahudin Kurt	18 July 1935
date of birth	Tomislav Bušić (born 2 February 1986 in Split) is a Croatian footballer who plays with Malaysian club T-Team F.C. in Malaysia Premier League.	Tomislav Bušić	2 February 1986
date of birth	Danny Raco (born 24 December 1979) is an Australian actor and director, known for his television work.	Danny Raco	24 December 1979
date of birth	Žanil Tataj - Žak (born 2 May 1967), is a Croatian musician, singer, composer and producer.	Žanil Tataj - Žak	2 May 1967
date of birth	Mervyn Meggitt (20 August 1924 -- 13 November 2004 New York State) was an Australian anthropologist and one of the pioneering researchers of highland Papua New Guinean and Indigenous Australians cultures.	Mervyn Meggitt	20 August 1924
date of birth	Otto Duecker (born 1948, Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American Hyperrealist painter and draughtsman.	Otto Duecker	1948
date of birth	William Mossop (1751--1805) was an Irish medallist and founder of the art in Ireland.	William Mossop	1751
date of birth	Samuel Honywood (born 19 October 1996) is an English teen actor best known for having portrayed Sebastian Brown in Nanny McPhee.	Samuel Honywood	19 October 1996
date of birth	Mark Dalle Cort (born in Ayr, Queensland on 19 May 1982) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Northern Pride RLFC in the Queensland Cup he previously played for the Crusaders in the Super League.	Mark Dalle Cort	19 May 1982
date of birth	William Dichtel (born 1978, Houston, Texas) is a chemist at Cornell University and a 2015 MacArthur Fellow who has helped pioneer the development of porous polymers known as covalent organic frameworks.	William Dichtel	1978
date of birth	Gérard Guillaumaud (1961 -- November 29, 2006), was a French Air Force test pilot.	Gérard Guillaumaud	1961
date of birth	Flora Wiegmann (born 1976 Lincoln, Nebraska) is an American dancer, choreographer and filmmaker based in Los Angeles.	Flora Wiegmann	1976
date of birth	Col Galbraith (3 April 1920 -- 8 August 1986) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Col Galbraith	3 April 1920
date of birth	Fu Zhenghua (simplified Chinese: 傅政华; traditional Chinese: 傅政華; pinyin: Fù Zhènghuá; born March 1955) is a Chinese public security official.	Fu Zhenghua	March 1955
date of birth	James Bagnall (bap. 16 November 1783 -- 20 June 1855) was a printer, publisher and politician in Prince Edward Island.	James Bagnall	16 November 1783
date of birth	Sue Howland (born 4 September 1960) is an Australian javelin thrower whose best result was a gold medal at the 1982 Commonwealth Games.	Sue Howland	4 September 1960
date of birth	Lee Hup Wei (Simplified Chinese Surname: 李) (born 5 May 1987 in Selangor) is a Malaysian high jumper.	Lee Hup Wei	5 May 1987
date of birth	Berris Smith, (born 1978) is a Jamaican-Canadian hip-hop rapper and producer.	Berris Smith	1978
date of birth	Dick Sahlén (born 10 November 1986 in Stockholm) is a Swedish auto racing driver who has competed in the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for Mattias Ekström Juniorteam.	Dick Sahlén	10 November 1986
date of birth	Israel Covyn (1582, Antwerp -- 1665, Antwerp), was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter.	Israel Covyn	1582
date of birth	Juan Miguel Rando Gálvez (Santa Coloma de Gramenet, 26 March 1988) is a Spanish swimmer.	Juan Miguel Rando	26 March 1988
date of birth	Friedrich Haag (20 August 1856 -- 8 December 1941) was a pioneering German crystallographer.	Friedrich Haag	20 August 1856
date of birth	Richard P. Aulie (born 1927) is an evangelical Christian, a former high school biology teacher, and a doctoral Yale University graduate in the history of science.	Richard P. Aulie	1927
date of birth	Geeta Kapur (born 1943) is a noted Indian art critic, art historian and curator based in New Delhi.	Geeta Kapur	1943
date of birth	John Dollar (born 1961 in Georgia) is an American artist best known for his contributions to a number of RPG settings during the mid-to-late 90s (TSR properties and White Wolf's Changeling).	John Dollar	1961
date of birth	A. N. Prahlada Rao (born 24 July 1953) is an Indian author and Kannada-language crossword compiler.	A. N. Prahlada Rao	24 July 1953
date of birth	Shettima Mustapha OFR (born 26 November 1939) is a Nigerian academic and politician who served as Minister of Agriculture (1990-1992), and in 2007 was appointed Minister of Defense in the cabinet of President Umaru Yar'Adua.	Shettima Mustapha	26 November 1939
date of birth	Mohammad Nourizad, (Persian: محمد نوری زاد‎‎) born 10 December 1952 in Shahriar County is an Iranian filmmaker, activist, and former journalist for the conservative daily Kayhan.	Mohammad Nourizad	10 December 1952
date of birth	Lucy Clifford (2 August 1846 -- 21 April 1929), better known as Mrs. W. K. Clifford, was a British novelist and journalist, and the wife of William Kingdon Clifford.	Lucy Clifford	2 August 1846
date of birth	Elvis Fatović (born 8 May 1971 in Dubrovnik) is a former Croatian waterpolo player and until recently coach of waterpolo team Jug from Dubrovnik.	Elvis Fatović	8 May 1971
date of birth	Davian Clarke (born 30 April 1976) is a Jamaican athlete, who mainly competes in the 400 metres.	Davian Clarke	30 April 1976
date of birth	NaoKo TakaHashi (高橋 尚子, born 1973 in Niigata, Japan) is a London based artist.	NaoKo TakaHashi	1973
date of birth	Katerina Michalopoulou (born c. 1972), in Greek:	Katerina Michalopoulou	1972
date of birth	Tuomo Lassila (born 1965) is a Finnish musician best known as the former drummer, founder member and co-songwriter of the power metal band Stratovarius and currently the drummer and percussionist for the Finnish metal band Conquest.	Tuomo Lassila	1965
date of birth	Lord Robert Seymour (20 January 1748 -- 23 November 1831) was a British politician, the third son of Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Marquess of Hertford.	Lord Robert Seymour	20 January 1748
date of birth	Aaron Goldsmith (born August 29, 1983 in Wichita, Kansas) is an American sportscaster.	Aaron Goldsmith	1983
date of birth	Esteban Becker Churukián (Hebrew: אסטבן בקר‎; Armenian: Էստեբան Բեքեր, born 31 August 1964) is a former Argentine footballer and the coach of Equatorial Guinea.	Esteban Becker	31 August 1964
date of birth	Ömer Erdoğan (born 3 May 1977) is a Turkish former international footballer.	Ömer Erdoğan	3 May 1977
date of birth	Bogdan Nicolae (born 26 April 1976, Bucureşti) is a former Romanian footballer.	Bogdan Nicolae	26 April 1976
date of birth	Patience Agbabi (born 1965) is a British poet and performer with a particular emphasis on the spoken word.	Patience Agbabi	1965
date of birth	Jagmeet Bal born December 13, 1972 is a popular music video director in India who is known for his traditional and religious Punjabi music videos.	Jagmeet Bal	1972
date of birth	Horst-Tanu Margraf (26 October 1903 − 1978) was a German conductor, Generalmusikdirektor of Halle (Saale) from 1950 to 1969.	Horst-Tanu Margraf	1903
date of birth	Momir Savić (born 21 January 1951, Drinsko, Višegrad) is a Bosnian Serb paramilitary commander convicted for war crimes committed during the ethnic cleansing of the Višegrad region of eastern Bosnia during the 1992-1995 Bosnian War.	Momir Savić	21 January 1951
date of birth	Brás Viegas (Blasius de Viegas) (1553--1599) was a Portuguese Jesuit, known as a biblical commentator.	Brás Viegas	1553
date of birth	Nirupama Sanjeev (née: Vaidyanathan; born 8 December 1976) is a retired Indian professional tennis player.	Nirupama Sanjeev	8 December 1976
date of birth	Mehmet Boztepe (born 16 January 1988 in Elazığ), is a Turkish-German professional footballer.	Mehmet Boztepe	16 January 1988
date of birth	Ludwik Trynkowski (born 1805, d. 1849 in Irkutsk) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest and religious writer.	Ludwik Trynkowski	1805
date of birth	Johan Norberg (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈjuːˈan ˈnuːrˈbærj); born 27 August 1973) is a Swedish author and historian, devoted to promoting economic globalization and classical liberal positions.	Johan Norberg	27 August 1973
date of birth	Sadettin Tantan (born: 1 January 1941) is the Turkish politician who is the founder and current leader of the Homeland Party (Turkish: Yurt Partisi, YURT-P) since 2002.	Sadettin Tantan	1 January 1941
date of birth	Kjell Sture Jensen (born 18 June 1968) is a Norwegian football coach, football player, and teacher.	Kjell Sture Jensen	18 June 1968
date of birth	Scott Cairns, PhD (né Scott Clifford Cairns; born 1954 Tacoma, Washington) is an American poet, memoirist, librettist, and essayist.	Scott Cairns	1954
date of birth	Moritz Waldemeyer (born 1974) is a British/German designer and engineer.	Moritz Waldemeyer	1974
date of birth	Peng Ming-min (Chinese: 彭明敏; pinyin: Péng Míngmǐn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Phêⁿ Bêng-bín; born 15 August 1923) is a noted democracy activist, advocate of Taiwan independence, and politician.	Peng Ming-min	15 August 1923
date of birth	Frederick Shepherd (1869--1969) was an English boat designer.	Frederick Shepherd	1869
date of birth	Cris Kobryn (1952) is an American technologist, system architect and entrepreneur who specializes in advanced software and systems development.	Cris Kobryn	1952
date of birth	Giorgos Stathakis (Greek: Γιώργος Σταθάκης; born 8 November 1953) is a Greek politician and economist.	Giorgos Stathakis	8 November 1953
date of birth	Emanuil Vaskidovich (Bulgarian: Емануил Васкидович; 1795-30 September 1875) was a Bulgarian National Revival enlightener of Greek descent, the founder of the first secular school in the Bulgarian lands.	Emanuil Vaskidovich	1795
date of birth	Andrew Hoyem (born 1935) is a typographer, letterpress printer, publisher, poet, and preservationist.	Andrew Hoyem	1935
date of birth	Kevin Sharkey (born 1961) (Irish: Caoimhín Ó Searcaigh) is an Irish artist.	Kevin Sharkey	1961
date of birth	Mehdi Mahdavi (Persian: مهدی مهدوی‎‎, born 13 February 1984 in Karaj) is an Iranian volleyball player, who plays as a setter for the Men's National Team.	Mehdi Mahdavi	13 February 1984
date of birth	Jochen Dauer (born 10 January 1952) is a German former racing driver and founder of Dauer Sportwagen.	Jochen Dauer	10 January 1952
date of birth	Robert Gellately (born 1943) is a Canadian academic who is one of the leading historians of modern Europe, particularly during World War II and the Cold War era.	Robert Gellately	1943
date of birth	Michael Higgs (born 14 February 1962) is a British actor best known for prominent roles in two long-running television series:	Michael Higgs	14 February 1962
date of birth	Emma Alegre (born 1933) is a retired Filipina actress, who worked from 1954 to 1957, mostly for LVN Pictures.	Emma Alegre	1933
date of birth	Antonio Pasin (1897--1991 ) was the founder of the Radio Flyer company, best known for making the Radio Flyer toy wagon.	Antonio Pasin	1897
date of birth	Gee Jon (c. 1895 -- February 8, 1924) was a Chinese national who was the first person in the United States to be executed by lethal gas.	Gee Jon	1895
date of birth	Tobias Andreae, who was born at Frankfort in 1823, studied under J. Becker, and then went to Munich, where he made the acquaintance of Rahl and Genelli.	Tobias Andreae	1823
date of birth	Ferdinando Cona (25 April 1882 -- unknown) was an Italian military officer who participated in World War II. His positions included C.O. XXI.	Ferdinando Cona	25 April 1882
date of birth	Kirk Hudson (born 12 December 1986) is an English footballer who last played for Canvey Island in 2012.	Kirk Hudson	12 December 1986
date of birth	Aaron Chatman (born 11 May 1987) is an Australian right arm amputee Paralympic athlete competing in class F/T46 men's high jump, long jump and 100m.	Aaron Chatman	11 May 1987
date of birth	Roy Swetman (born 25 October 1933, Westminster, London) is an English former cricketer, who played in eleven Tests as a wicket-keeper from 1959 to 1960.	Roy Swetman	25 October 1933
date of birth	Christine Quinn-Brintnall (1952 -- May 19, 2014) was an American jurist.	Christine Quinn-Brintnall	1952
date of birth	Amadeus Paulussen (born 13 June 1981 in Basel) is a Swiss music producer.	Amadeus Paulussen	13 June 1981
date of birth	Martin Creed (born 1968) is a British artist and musician.	Martin Creed	1968
date of birth	Nick Rhodes (born Nicholas James Bates; 8 June 1962) is an English musician, best known as the founding member and keyboardist of the new wave band Duran Duran.	Nick Rhodes	8 June 1962
date of birth	Harry Entwistle (born 31 May 1940) is an English-born Australian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the first Ordinary of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross.	Harry Entwistle	31 May 1940
date of birth	Ian Prowse (born 10 January 1964 ) is an English singer-songwriter, currently frontman of Amsterdam and previously of Pele.	Ian Prowse	10 January 1964
date of birth	Jerry Sonnenberg (born May 1958) is a member of the Colorado Senate, representing Senate District 1 which encompasses Cheyenne, Elbert, Kit Carson, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington, Yuma counties, and parts of Weld County.	Jerry Sonnenberg	1958
date of birth	Hoàng Ấu Phương, pen name Bảo Ninh (Nghệ An, 18 October 1952) is a Vietnamese novelist, essayist and writer of short stories, best known for his first novel, published in English as The Sorrow of War.	Bảo Ninh	18 October 1952
date of birth	Vladan Vićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Вићевић, born 26 July 1967) is a retired Serbian-born Salvadoran international football player.	Vladan Vićević	26 July 1967
date of birth	Giuseppe Lorenzo Maria Casaregi (1670--1737) was an Italian jurist whose research on promissory notes, insurance, endorsement and sea trade law influenced the European evolution of the Law Merchant.	Giuseppe Lorenzo Maria Casaregi	1670
date of birth	Heiki Nabi (born 6 June 1985) is an Estonian Olympic champion wrestler.	Heiki Nabi	6 June 1985
date of birth	Major General Carl H. Freeman, USA (born 1947) is a retired American Quartermaster officer and former Chairman of the Inter-American Defense Board, Washington, D.C.	Carl H. Freeman	1947
date of birth	Norman Olson (born 1946) is an American militia movement activist.	Norman Olson	1946
date of birth	Roberto Ledesma (La Habana, 24 June 1924) is a Cuban-born bolero singer who emigrated to the US in 1960 and gained a contract with Musart in the 1970s.	Roberto Ledesma	24 June 1924
date of birth	Donald Morrill (born 1955, Des Moines, Iowa) is an American non-fiction author and poet.	Donald Morrill	1955
date of birth	Paul Jeanjean (1874 -- 1928) was a noted French composer.	Paul Jeanjean	1874
date of birth	Tony Pro (born September 1973) is an American realist painter known for his paintings of the human figure, still life, and landscapes.	Tony Pro	September 1973
date of birth	Konstantin Stepanov (born 26 September 1983) (Russian: Константин Степанов) is a Russian professional pool player.	Konstantin Stepanov	26 September 1983
date of birth	Marianne Werner, née Schulze Entrup, later Ader (born 4 January 1924), is a retired West German athlete who competed mainly in the shot put events.	Marianne Werner	4 January 1924
date of birth	Joshua Bayes (1671--1746), was an English nonconformist minister.	Joshua Bayes	1671
date of birth	Mariana Weissmann (born 17 December 1933) is an Argentinian physicist, specializing in the computational physics of condensed matter.	Mariana Weissmann	17 December 1933
date of birth	Melissa Hoskins (born 24 February 1991) is an Australian track and road racing cyclist.	Melissa Hoskins	24 February 1991
date of birth	Zoran Zlatkovski (Macedonian: Зоран Златковски; born 5 April 1987 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a striker for Greek side Panachaiki.	Zoran Zlatkovski	5 April 1987
date of birth	Siddharth Pico Raghavan Iyer (born 11 February 1957), known as Pico Iyer, is a British-born essayist and novelist of Indian origin, best known for his travel writing.	Pico Iyer	11 February 1957
date of birth	József Sir (born Schier; 28 April 1912 -- 22 September 1996) was a Hungarian sprinter.	József Sir	28 April 1912
date of birth	Kenneth Hyman (born 1928) is an American film producer, best known for The Dirty Dozen (1967).	Kenneth Hyman	1928
date of birth	Michael Schutzler (born 1962) is the CEO of Livemocha, an online language learning community.	Michael Schutzler	1962
date of birth	Anna Ingrid Caroline Schlyter, (born 9 October 1961) is a Swedish artist focusing on sculpture and installations.	Caroline Schlyter	9 October 1961
date of birth	The Mazeking (born 1968) is an American contemporary visual artist living and working in New York City.	The Mazeking	1968
date of birth	John Moulder-Brown (born 3 June 1953) is a British actor, is perhaps best remembered for his roles in the films Deep End and La residencia.	John Moulder-Brown	3 June 1953
date of birth	Mehmed IV Giray Sufi, Mehmed Sufi Girai (Crimean Tatar: IV Mehmed Geray, ۴محمد كراى‎; Sofu Mehmed Geray, صوفى محمد كراى‎) (1610--1674) -- a khan of the Crimean Khanate in 1641--44 and 1654--56.	Mehmed IV Giray	1610
date of birth	Salvatore Dierna (born 18 November 1934) is an Italian Architect, Full Professor in Environmental Design since 1977 at the University of Rome ``La Sapienza''; he was the Dean of the Architecture School at the same University (2000-2003);	Salvatore Dierna	18 November 1934
date of birth	Gustav David Hamilton (1699--1788) was a Swedish count and soldier.	Gustav David Hamilton	1699
date of birth	Antonio Folco (born 4 October 1906, date of death unknown) was an Italian racing cyclist.	Antonio Folco	4 October 1906
date of birth	Luigi Misto (born 24 June 1952) is the current secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011.	Luigi Misto	24 June 1952
date of birth	Karin Ström, born 1977, is a Swedish singer and writer.	Karin Ström	1977
date of birth	Douglas Veitch, better known as Champion Doug Veitch (born 1960, Hawick, Scotland) is a Scottish musician and songwriter.	Champion Doug Veitch	1960
date of birth	Milena Dravić (pronounced (mǐlena drǎːvit͡ɕ); Serbian Cyrillic: Милена Дравић; born 5 October 1940) is a Serbian actress.	Milena Dravić	5 October 1940
date of birth	George Douglas, 1st Earl of Angus (1380--1403) was a mediaeval Scottish nobleman.	George Douglas, 1st Earl of Angus	1380
date of birth	Erzsébet Bognár (pronounced (ˈɛrʒeːbɛt ˈboɡnaːr); born 1942 in Budapest) is a former Hungarian handball player and World champion.	Erzsébet Bognár	1942
date of birth	Maria Mączyńska (born 22 May 1932) is a retired Polish archer.	Maria Mączyńska	22 May 1932
date of birth	Claus Schromm (born 21 April 1969) is a German football coach who currently is the head coach of SpVgg Unterhaching.	Claus Schromm	21 April 1969
date of birth	Monica Brodd (born 1973) is a Swedish model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Sweden in 1992 and was in top 10 at Miss Universe the same year.	Monica Brodd	1973
date of birth	Władysław Oporowski (1395--1453) was a Polish medieval political and religious leader.	Władysław Oporowski	1395
date of birth	Captain Sir Norman Lloyd-Edwards KCVO GCStJ RD GOMLJ JP RNR (born 13 June 1933) was the Lord Lieutenant of South Glamorgan from 1990 to 2008.	Norman Lloyd-Edwards	13 June 1933
date of birth	Tim Barling (born 21 June 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Tim Barling	21 June 1965
date of birth	Carlton Errington Grant (born 30 May 1969), better known as Spragga Benz, is a Jamaican dancehall deejay.	Spragga Benz	30 May 1969
date of birth	Aziz Ahmed Khan was born to a Pathan family on 16 September 1943.	Aziz Ahmed Khan	1943
date of birth	Eleanor Anne Porden (14 July 1795 - 22 February 1825) was a British Romantic poet and the first wife of the explorer John Franklin.	Eleanor Anne Porden	14 July 1795
date of birth	Susan Kaiser Greenland, JD (born 1956) is an American author and teacher of Mindful Awareness, a blending of East Asian meditation techniques thought to develop overall attentiveness and social/emotional skills while encouraging secular values.	Susan Kaiser Greenland	1956
date of birth	Katarzyna Broniatowska (born 22 February 1990) is a Polish athlete specializing in the middle distance events.	Katarzyna Broniatowska	22 February 1990
date of birth	Nunzio Ferraiuoli (1661--1735) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly of landscapes.	Nunzio Ferraiuoli	1661
date of birth	Bobby Harrison (born Robert Leslie Harrison, 22 June 1939, at West Ham, England) is a drummer.	Bobby Harrison	22 June 1939
date of birth	Ned McGowan (born 1970) is an American composer and flutist based in Amsterdam.	Ned McGowan	1970
date of birth	Seema Bowri (born 25 March 1976) is a British-based actor most noted for the role of PC Leela Kapoor in the ITV soap opera The Bill.	Seema Bowri	25 March 1976
date of birth	Dr. Abolhassan Naeini (Persian: ابوالحسن نائینی ‎, born in 1955 in Qazvin) is an Iranian academic and the chancellor of Imam Khomeini International University from 2004 to 2006 and also 2014 to present.	Abolhassan Naeini	1955
date of birth	Joan Trumpauer Mulholland (born September 14, 1941) is an American civil rights activist and a Freedom Rider from Arlington, Virginia.	Joan Trumpauer Mulholland	1941
date of birth	László Vasile Gergely (Hungarian: Gergely László; born 28 October 1941) is a Romanian former football player.	Vasile Gergely	28 October 1941
date of birth	Zhou Haibin (simplified Chinese: 周海滨; traditional Chinese: 周海濱; pinyin: Zhōu Hǎibīn; born 19 July 1985) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League.	Zhou Haibin	19 July 1985
date of birth	Barış Çakmak (born 5 July 1979) is a Turkish actor who has been involved in television series, theatre plays and films.	Barış Çakmak	5 July 1979
date of birth	Harry Levinson (1922 -- June 26, 2012) was an American psychologist and consultant in work and organizational issues.	Harry Levinson	1922
date of birth	Huỳnh Tuấn Linh (born 17 April 1991) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Than Quảng Ninh F.C.	Huỳnh Tuấn Linh	17 April 1991
date of birth	Dr. Joshua Mar Ignathios (born 24 May 1950) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Mavelikkara of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church in the state of Kerala, India.	Joshua Mar Ignathios	24 May 1950
date of birth	Frank Ash Yeo (18 August 1832 - 4 March 1888) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician.	Frank Ash Yeo	1832
date of birth	Charles McGleenan (1894 -- 1974 fl.1966) was a farmer and a Republican politician in Northern Ireland.	Charles McGleenan	1894
date of birth	Valentine Stockdale (born 15 December 1981) is an English film producer, screenwriter and executive producer.	Valentine Stockdale	15 December 1981
date of birth	Thomas Conning (born 11 January 1981), better known by the stage name Verb T is a UK hip-hop artist based in London.	Verb T	11 January 1981
date of birth	Nadia Sawalha (born 18 November 1964) is an English actress and television presenter best known for her role as Annie Palmer in the BBC One soap opera EastEnders from 1997 to 1999.	Nadia Sawalha	18 November 1964
date of birth	Georges Hobeika (born 8 February 1962) is a Lebanese fashion designer of haute couture and ready-to-wear clothing.	Georges Hobeika	8 February 1962
date of birth	Pádraig Brehony (born 28 January 1993) is an Irish hurler who plays as a forward for the Galway senior team.	Pádraig Brehony	28 January 1993
date of birth	Michel Venne (born in 1960) is a Quebec journalist, author and intellectual.	Michel Venne	1960
date of birth	Elizabeth Kiss (born 1961) is serving as the eighth president of Agnes Scott College in Decatur, Georgia.	Elizabeth Kiss	1961
date of birth	Vilmos Földes (sometimes transliterated as Foeldes or occasionally Foldes; born 16 December 1984) is a Hungarian professional Pocket billiards (pool) player.	Vilmos Földes	16 December 1984
date of birth	Dwayne Jenner (born 17 November 1990, in Benoni) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Eastern Province Kings.	Dwayne Jenner	17 November 1990
date of birth	Lady Linn (born 1981, in Sint-Amandsberg) is the artist name of the Flemish singer Lien De Greef.	Lady Linn	1981
date of birth	Bae Sang-moon (Korean: 배상문; born 21 June 1986), or Sang-moon Bae, is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour, Asian Tour and Japan Golf Tour.	Bae Sang-moon	21 June 1986
date of birth	Sergio Monteiro (Niteroi, RJ, 12 February 1974) is a Brazilian pianist.	Sergio Monteiro	12 February 1974
date of birth	Peng Shaoxiong (simplified Chinese: 彭绍雄; traditional Chinese: 彭紹雄; pinyin: Péng Shàoxióng; born 27 May 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League Two side Meizhou Wuhua.	Peng Shaoxiong	27 May 1989
date of birth	Samuel Maoz (Hebrew: שמואל מעוז; born c. 1962) is an Israeli film director.	Samuel Maoz	1962
date of birth	Jefferson Friedman (born 1974 Swampscott, Massachusetts) is an American composer.	Jefferson Friedman	1974
date of birth	Margrit Schiller (born March 1948) was a West German militant leftist associated with the Socialist Patients' Collective and later the Red Army Faction.	Margrit Schiller	1948
date of birth	Liu Chunyan (simplified Chinese: 刘纯燕; traditional Chinese: 劉純燕; pinyin: Liú Chúnyàn; born 20 August 1966) better known by her nickname Jin Guizi (simplified Chinese: 金龟子; traditional Chinese: 金龜子; pinyin: Jīn Guīzi), is a Chinese host and actress.	Liu Chunyan	20 August 1966
date of birth	Marcel Göpferich (born 16 May 1983), is a German football referee.	Marcel Göpferich	16 May 1983
date of birth	Gnaeus Claudius Severus Arabianus (113-after 176) was a Roman Senator and philosopher who lived in the Roman Empire.	Gnaeus Claudius Severus Arabianus	113
date of birth	Renato Beghe (1933 - July 7, 2012) was a Judge of the United States Tax Court.	Renato Beghe	1933
date of birth	William Stobbs (27 June 1914 in South Shields, England -- 6 April 2000) was an author and illustrator.	William Stobbs	27 June 1914
date of birth	Nej Adamson (born 23 December 1958), also credited as Nejdet Salih, is an English actor.	Nej Adamson	23 December 1958
date of birth	Jaleh Farhadpour (born 1958) is a Canadian jewelry designer of Persian origin.	Jaleh Farhadpour	1958
date of birth	Enrico Venti (Born 30 December 1978) is an Italian actor and comedian.	Enrico Venti	30 December 1978
date of birth	English Prince (1971--1983) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.	English Prince	1971
date of birth	Yi Xiqun (Simplified Chinese: 衣锡群) (born 1947) is a Chinese entrepreneur.	Yi Xiqun	1947
date of birth	Ralph Tepel born 1964 in Celle, Lower Saxony, Germany is a german artist, working now for more than 25 years as a fine art photographer, painter, sculptor and last but not least as a sound performance artist.	Ralph Tepel	1964
date of birth	Tserenjavyn Enkhjargal (Mongolian: Цэрэнжавын Энхжаргал; born 26 October 1984) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Tserenjavyn Enkhjargal	26 October 1984
date of birth	Chris van Heerden (born 19 June 1987) is a South African professional boxer and the former IBO welterweight champion.	Chris van Heerden	19 June 1987
date of birth	Shadi Jamil (شادي جميل) (born 22 September 1955) is a Syrian singer from Aleppo.	Shadi Jamil	22 September 1955
date of birth	Júlio Eduardo Zamith Carrilho (born 1947 in Pemba, Cabo Delgado Province) is a Mozambican politician and long-time member of FRELIMO.	Júlio Eduardo Zamith Carrilho	1947
date of birth	Kym Barrett (born 11 August 1965) is an Australian costume designer of Hollywood films.	Kym Barrett	11 August 1965
date of birth	Jerome Fleisch (born 2 April 1980) is an English professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Jody Fleisch.	Jody Fleisch	2 April 1980
date of birth	LaToya Ruby Frazier (born 1982) is an American artist and professor of photography at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.	LaToya Ruby Frazier	1982
date of birth	Olav Gjelsvik (born30 June 1956) is a Norwegian philosopher.	Olav Gjelsvik	1956
date of birth	Adam Bothwell was born about 1527; his epitaph states that he died ``anno ætatis suæ (at the age of ) 67.''	Adam Bothwell	1527
date of birth	Zoltán Boros (b. 1948) is a Hungarian orienteering competitor.	Zoltán Boros	1948
date of birth	Seamus McCabe (born 13 May 1987) is an Irish football player currently playing for Rock Celtic F.C. He has won honours with his school including a Leinster League medal as well as North East league.	Seamus McCabe	13 May 1987
date of birth	Shomshuklla (born 9 November 1965) is an Indian film director, script writer, theatre personality, singer and a writer.	Shomshuklla	9 November 1965
date of birth	Erling Trondsen (born 28 December 1959) is a Paralympic swimmer who has won 20 medals, thirteen of them gold, between 1976 and 1992.	Erling Trondsen	28 December 1959
date of birth	Ritu Rani (born 29 December 1991) is an Indian field hockey player and current captain of the national team.	Ritu Rani	29 December 1991
date of birth	Chu Qing (Chinese: 楚青; pinyin: Chǔ Qīng; born March 1923), born Zhan Yongzhu (詹永珠), is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Chu Qing	March 1923
date of birth	Serge Said (born 11 November 1985) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	Serge Said	11 November 1985
date of birth	Kate Church (born 27 March 1978) is an Australian Paralympian from Victoria who competed in swimming at the 2000 Summer Paralympic Games.	Kate Church	27 March 1978
date of birth	Giovanni Giuseppe Bianconi, sometimes J. Josephi or Joseph Bianconi, (31 July 1809, Bologna - 18 October 1878, Bologna) was an Italian zoologist, herpetologist, botanist and geologist.	Giovanni Giuseppe Bianconi	31 July 1809
date of birth	Hans de Witte (1583-1630) was a German financier who was the main financial backer of Albrecht von Wallenstein's army during the Thirty Years War.	Hans de Witte	1583
date of birth	Luigi Basiletti (April 18, 1780 -- January 25, 1859) was an Italian painter, engraver, architect, and archeologist.	Luigi Basiletti	1780
date of birth	Kevin Woodford (born 4 June 1950) is a Manx celebrity chef, actor, television presenter, businessman, hotelier and former restaurateur.	Kevin Woodford	4 June 1950
date of birth	Martin Bergman (born 17 June 1957) is a British producer, writer and director notable for working in Hollywood.	Martin Bergman	17 June 1957
date of birth	David Lowenthal (born 1923) is an American historian and geographer.	David Lowenthal	1923
date of birth	Graeme Sutherland (born 25 December 1964) is a free-lance writer, mainly specialising in broadcast comedy.	Graeme Sutherland	25 December 1964
date of birth	Lisa Zaiser (born 23 August 1994) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Lisa Zaiser	23 August 1994
date of birth	Samuel Julius Gould (born 13 October 1924) is Emeritus Professor of Sociology at the University of Nottingham.	Julius Gould	13 October 1924
date of birth	Francesco Antonio Rosetti (c. 1750 -- June 30, 1792, born Franz Anton Rösler, changed to Italianate form by 1773) was a classical era composer and double bass player, and was a contemporary of Haydn and Mozart.	Antonio Rosetti	1750
date of birth	Rufus Ferrand Pelletier (29 March 1824, in Carteret County, North Carolina -- ?), was an early resident and principal founder of Jacksonville, North Carolina.	Rufus Ferrand Pelletier	29 March 1824
date of birth	Joseph Meister (21 February 1876 - 24 June 1940) was the first person to be inoculated against rabies by Louis Pasteur, and the first person to be successfully treated for the infection.	Joseph Meister	21 February 1876
date of birth	Shawn Lewfatt (born 11 March 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Shawn Lewfatt	11 March 1977
date of birth	Henry Bristow Wilson (1803--1888) was a theologian and a fellow of St John's College, Oxford.	Henry Bristow Wilson	1803
date of birth	Donato Coco (born 1956, Foggia) is an Italian automobile designer.	Donato Coco	1956
date of birth	Manding Claro (born 1938) is a Filipino Matinee idol of LVN Pictures of the 50's paired with another matinee idol Nenita Vidal.	Manding Claro	1938
date of birth	Albert Evers (1868 -- after 1890) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath.	Albert Evers	1868
date of birth	Terézia Poliaková (born 2 April 1989) is a Slovak biathlete.	Terézia Poliaková	2 April 1989
date of birth	Coleen Fitzgibbon (born 1950) is an American experimental film artist associated with Collaborative Projects, Inc. Colab.	Coleen Fitzgibbon	1950
date of birth	Ronald Hertog (born in Moordrecht, now merged into Zuidplas, on 13 January 1989) is a Dutch amputee and Paralympic javelin thrower.	Ronald Hertog	13 January 1989
date of birth	Hayden Skipworth (born 25 February 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer with Australian Football League (AFL) clubs Adelaide and Essendon.	Hayden Skipworth	25 February 1983
date of birth	Philip James DeVries PhD (born March 7, 1952) is a tropical biologist whose research focuses on insect ecology and evolution, especially butterflies.	Philip James DeVries	1952
date of birth	Shankha Ghosh (Bengali: শঙ্খ ঘোষ; born 6 February 1932) is a Bengali Indian poet and critic.	Shankha Ghosh	6 February 1932
date of birth	Dan Steinbock (born 1954) is a global economic and policy analyst.	Dan Steinbock	1954
date of birth	Vebjørn Tandberg (16 September 1904 -- 30 August 1978) was a Norwegian electronics engineer.	Vebjørn Tandberg	16 September 1904
date of birth	Patricio G. Espinoza, (born 1962 in Quito, Ecuador), is a journalist best known for his Spanish language investigative TV news reports, newspaper columns and Hispanic community contributions in the United States.	Patricio G. Espinoza	1962
date of birth	Deborah Poynton (born in 1970) is a South African painter best known for her monumental, hyper-realistic, hyper-detailed, nude portraits, usually of friends and family.	Deborah Poynton	1970
date of birth	Syed Abdullah Muhammad Taher (Bengali: সৈয়দ আবদুল্লাহ মোহাম্মদ তাহের)(born 1958) is a Bangladeshi politician and former Member of Parliament for Comilla-12 constituency in seventh parliamentary elections from 2001-2006 in Bangladesh.	Syed Abdullah Muhammad Taher	1958
date of birth	Tanika Liburd (born 20 May 1982) is an athlete representing Saint Kitts and Nevis who specialized in the long jump.	Tanika Liburd	20 May 1982
date of birth	Christopher Soghoian (born 1981) is a privacy researcher and activist.	Christopher Soghoian	1981
date of birth	Pakhi Tyrewala (born 6 June 1984) is the stage name of Punarnava Mehta an Indian actress who debuted in Bollywood in 2002 with Yeh Kya Ho Raha Hai?, in which she used her real name Punarnava Mehta.	Pakhi Tyrewala	6 June 1984
date of birth	Łukasz Zakrzewski (born 1984) is a Polish sailor, ice sailor.	Łukasz Zakrzewski	1984
date of birth	Iwo Zaniewski (born 22 May 1956 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish painter, photographer, director and artistic director of Przybora Zaniewski Ltd (PZL), an advertising agency.	Iwo Zaniewski	22 May 1956
date of birth	Cesare Aureli (Rome, 1844 -- 1923) was an Italian sculptor and writer.	Cesare Aureli	1844
date of birth	Francisco Combés (1620 -- 1665) was a Spanish priest who established Christian monasteries in the Philippines in the 17th century.	Francisco Combés	1620
date of birth	Jean de Gisors (1133--1220) was a Norman lord of the fortress of Gisors in Normandy, where meetings were traditionally convened between English and French kings.	Jean de Gisors	1133
date of birth	Bhau Daji Lad (Ramakrishna Vitthal Lad) (1822--74) was an Indian physician, Sanskrit scholar, and an antiquary, of the Marathi community, who hailed from a little village in Goa called Parsem who later moved to Mumbai.	Bhau Daji	1822
date of birth	Thomas Sills (August 20, 1914 -- September 26, 2000) was a painter and collagist and a participant in the New York Abstract Expressionist movement.	Thomas Sills	1914
date of birth	Holly Crawford (born 10 February 1984) is an Australian half-pipe snowboarder.	Holly Crawford	10 February 1984
date of birth	Jake Riviera (born Andrew Jakeman, February 1948, in Edgware, Middlesex) is a music business entrepreneur best known for his management of such performers as Elvis Costello and Nick Lowe and as co-founder (with Dave Robinson) of pioneering British indie label Stiff Records.	Jake Riviera	1948
date of birth	John Merewether (1797--1850) was an English churchman, Dean of Hereford from 1832, known also as an antiquary.	John Merewether	1797
date of birth	Stewart Palfreyman (born 30 December 1948) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1970s.	Stewart Palfreyman	30 December 1948
date of birth	Moosa Raza was born on 27 February 1937 in Minambur, a small village located between Gingee and Villupuram in the Villupuram District in the State of Tamil Nadu, India to Ghulam Ali Mehkari and Aasiya Begum.	Moosa Raza	27 February 1937
date of birth	Muhammed Akhtar FRS (Urdu: محمد اختر‎; born 23 February 1933) is a Pakistani chemist, and Director General of the School of Biological Sciences, at the University of the Punjab.	Muhammed Akhtar	23 February 1933
date of birth	Sean Marsden (born 17 January 1980 in Stirling) is a rugby union player who was born in Scotland but has spent most of his life in England, being capped by England at U16 Level, even scoring a hat-trick of tries against the land of his birth.	Sean Marsden	17 January 1980
date of birth	Sir Matthew Lamb, 1st Baronet (1705 -- 6 November 1768) was a British barrister and politician.	Sir Matthew Lamb, 1st Baronet	1705
date of birth	Ann Jago (born 20 February 1939 in Hull, Yorkshire) played two Test matches for the England women's cricket team in the 1960--61 season.	Ann Jago	20 February 1939
date of birth	Peter Brötzmann (born 6 March 1941) is a German artist and free jazz saxophonist and clarinetist.	Peter Brötzmann	6 March 1941
date of birth	Abbas Al-Saffar (born 15 January 1994) is a Saudi Arabian handball player for Mudhar and the Saudi Arabian national team.	Abbas Al-Saffar	15 January 1994
date of birth	Lars Lunde (born 21 March 1964) is a Danish former professional football player, who played in the striker position.	Lars Lunde	21 March 1964
date of birth	Scott Cardle (born 28 September 1989) is a British boxer who won the British lightweight title in May 2015.	Scott Cardle	28 September 1989
date of birth	Colonel John Walpole (17 November 1787 -- 10 December 1859) was a soldier and diplomat, a younger son of Horatio Walpole, 2nd Earl of Orford.	John Walpole	17 November 1787
date of birth	Sam Savitt (1917--2000) was an equine artist and author, as well as an illustrator of over 100 books.	Sam Savitt	1917
date of birth	Kim Kee-hee (Hangul: 김기희; born 13 July 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the K League Classic.	Kim Kee-hee	13 July 1989
date of birth	Eirini Aindili (Greek: Ειρήνη Αϊνδιλή; born 11 March 1983 in Euboia) is a Greek rhythmic gymnast.	Eirini Aindili	11 March 1983
date of birth	Richard Sweetman (born 28 July 1990 in Maitland, New South Wales) is an Australian speedway rider who rode for several British teams.	Richard Sweetman	28 July 1990
date of birth	Manuel de la Cámara y Libermoore (or Livermoore) (7 May 1835 -- 1920) was a vice admiral of the Spanish Navy.	Manuel de la Cámara y Libermoore	7 May 1835
date of birth	Andrej Einspieler (13 November 1813 -- 16 January 1888) was a Slovene politician, Roman Catholic priest and journalist, and one of the early leaders of the Old Slovene national movement in the 19th century.	Andrej Einspieler	13 November 1813
date of birth	Cino Tortorella, born 27 June 1927, is a former Italian television presenter, best known for creating and conducting the Zecchino d'Oro festival of children's songs.	Cino Tortorella	27 June 1927
date of birth	Jeffrey P. Nadler (born 27 February 1950, in Brooklyn, New York) is a Jewish American Infectious Diseases and HIV/AIDS expert.	Jeffrey P. Nadler	27 February 1950
date of birth	Jacques Distler (born 1961) is a physicist working in string theory.	Jacques Distler	1961
date of birth	Paul Landers (born 9 December 1964) is a German musician, notable as guitarist for the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein.	Paul Landers	9 December 1964
date of birth	Mendo de Benavides (1569-17 Oct 1644) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cartagena (1640-1644) and Bishop of Segovia (1533--1540).	Mendo de Benavides	1569
date of birth	Tommy Jessop (born 19 January 1985) is a British actor who has Down syndrome.	Tommy Jessop	19 January 1985
date of birth	Shu-Park Chan (1929--February 22, 2013) was a Chinese-born electrical engineer who served for many years as a professor at Santa Clara University and went on to found International Technological University and serve as its first president.	Shu-Park Chan	1929
date of birth	Wayne Cegielski (born 11 January 1956) is a former Welsh under-21 international footballer.	Wayne Cegielski	11 January 1956
date of birth	Yves Lampaert (born 10 April 1991) is a Belgian racing cyclist, currently riding for Etixx-Quick Step.	Yves Lampaert	10 April 1991
date of birth	Kylie Nicole Sicangco Padilla (born 25 January 1993), also known as Kylie Padilla, is an Australian--	Kylie Padilla	25 January 1993
date of birth	Edgar R. Aston (1847 -- April 14, 1932) was a soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars against Cochise.	Edgar R. Aston	1847
date of birth	Ana Boulter (born 29 April 1976) is a British television presenter, who currently lives in Hong Kong.	Ana Boulter	29 April 1976
date of birth	Eileen Shields (Born 1970 in New York) is a footwear designer and owner of the EILEEN SHIELDS label and the Dublin-based store/gallery ``5 Scarlet Row''.	Eileen Shields	1970
date of birth	William Lowther, 2nd Earl of Lonsdale PC, FRS (21 July 1787 -- 4 March 1872), styled Viscount Lowther between 1807 and 1844, was a British Tory politician.	William Lowther, 2nd Earl of Lonsdale	21 July 1787
date of birth	Esther Qin (born 18 November 1991) is a Chinese-born Australian diver.	Esther Qin	18 November 1991
date of birth	Martin Ågerup (born 1966) is a Danish economist and the current president of the think tank CEPOS.	Martin Ågerup	1966
date of birth	Mohamed Bennouna (born 29 April 1943 in Marrakech, Morocco) is a diplomat and jurist from Morocco.	Mohamed Bennouna	29 April 1943
date of birth	Roman Szymański (4 August 1840, Kostrzyn - 18 December 1908, Poznań) was a Polish political activist, publicist, editor of Orędownik magazine.	Roman Szymański	4 August 1840
date of birth	Fréderike Geerdink (born 1970) is a Dutch freelance journalist and author who specializes in reporting on Kurdish women and political issues in Turkey from Diyarbakir, where she was the lone foreign journalist based there between 2012-2015.	Fréderike Geerdink	1970
date of birth	Stephen Duck (c. 1705 -- 1756) was an English poet whose career reflected both the Augustan era's interest in ``naturals'' (natural geniuses) and its resistance to classlessness.	Stephen Duck	1705
date of birth	Dorthe Skappel (born 18 December 1962) is a Norwegian television personality, journalist, celebutante and former model, probably best known for hosting God kveld, Norge! and Gullruten on TV2.	Dorthe Skappel	18 December 1962
date of birth	Adrienne von Speyr (20 September 1902 -- 17 September 1967) was a Swiss Catholic physician, writer and theologian.	Adrienne von Speyr	20 September 1902
date of birth	Bernard O'Hara is an Irish historian, born c. 1945.	Bernard O'Hara	1945
date of death	Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel (1777 -- 28 September 1826) was the inventor of the first successful metronome.	Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel	1826
date of death	Fred W. Stewart (1894-1991) was an American surgical pathologist who was chief of pathology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	Fred W. Stewart	1991
date of death	Michel Tacq, or Mitacq, (10 June 1927 -- 22 May 1994) is an author of Belgian comics.	Mitacq	22 May 1994
date of death	Michael O'Herlihy (1 April 1929 -- 16 June 1997) was an Irish television producer and director who directed shows like Gunsmoke (1955), Maverick (1957), Star Trek (1965), Hawaii Five-O (1968), M*A*S*H (1972) and The A-Team (1983).	Michael O'Herlihy	16 June 1997
date of death	Joan Ophelia Gordon Bell (1915-1975), known as Ophelia, was an English sculptor, known for her several commisisons for the United Kingdom's Atomic Energy Authority.	Ophelia Gordon Bell	1975
date of death	Aloha Wanderwell (born Idris Hall; 13 October 1906 -- 4 June 1996) was a Canadian-American internationalist, explorer, author and filmmaker.	Aloha Wanderwell	4 June 1996
date of death	Cecil Wingfield (21 September 1893 -- 28 January 1955) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1938 until his death.	Cecil Wingfield	28 January 1955
date of death	Guru Har Krishan ((ɡʊru həɾ kɾɪʃən); 23 July 1656 -- 30 March 1664) was the eighth of the ten Sikh Gurus.	Guru Har Krishan	30 March 1664
date of death	Hermann Bahlsen (born 14 November 1859 in Hannover; died 6 November 1919 in Hannover) was a German entrepreneur.	Hermann Bahlsen	6 November 1919
date of death	Trần Hoàn, born Nguyễn Tăng Hích (1928 -- 23 November 2003), was a Vietnamese songwriter and performer.	Trần Hoàn	23 November 2003
developer	Hey You, Pikachu!, known in Japan as Pikachū Genki Dechū (ピカチュウげんきでちゅう, lit. a pun on ``Pikachu genki desu'' (Pikachu is fine)), is a Nintendo 64 video game developed by Ambrella and published by Nintendo that is recommended for children aged 12 and under.	Hey You, Pikachu!	Ambrella
developer	Basketbrawl is a video game released for the Atari 7800 in 1990 and the Atari Lynx in 1992.	Basketbrawl	Atari
developer	Bible Adventures is a Christian video game by Wisdom Tree first released in 1991 for the NES, and re-released in 1995 for the Sega Mega Drive/Sega Genesis.	Bible Adventures	Wisdom Tree
developer	The Sims Online (also known as EA-Land) was the first massively multiplayer online variation on Maxis's highly popular computer game The Sims, the second being the Online Weekend mode for The Sims Bustin' Out, and third being The Sims Social.	The Sims Online	Maxis
developer	Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe is a crossover fighting video game between Mortal Kombat and the DC Comics fictional universe, developed by Midway Games and Warner Bros. Games.	Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe	Midway Games
developer	Flashgal is a 1985 scrolling shooter arcade game by Sega.	Flashgal	Sega
developer	Colossus Chess is a series of chess-playing computer programs developed by Martin Bryant, commercially available for various home computers in the 1980s.	Colossus Chess	Martin Bryant
developer	Mobiola is a wide range of software by SHAPE Services.	Mobiola	SHAPE Services
developer	Silent Scope 3 is a rail shooter video game developed and published by Konami.	Silent Scope 3	Konami
developer	Philanthropist John Gilmore initiated GNU Radio with the funding of $320,000 (US) to Eric Blossom for code creation and project management duties.	GNU Radio	Eric Blossom
developer	NCAA Basketball 10 is a basketball video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts.	NCAA Basketball 10	EA Canada
developer	Fast Food Tycoon, also known as Pizza Syndicate in Europe, is an economical simulation computer game developed by Software 2000, and licensed to Activision Value Publishing.	Fast Food Tycoon	Software 2000
developer	Bejeweled 3 is a tile-matching puzzle video game developed and published by PopCap Games.	Bejeweled 3	PopCap Games
developer	Windows 1.0 is a graphical personal computer operating environment developed by Microsoft.	Windows 1.0	Microsoft
developer	Cosmic Avenger is a horizontally scrolling shooter arcade game developed and published by Universal Entertainment Corporation and released in 1981.	Cosmic Avenger	Universal Entertainment Corporation
developer	Super Swap is an action puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare.	Super Swap	Teyon
developer	Ultimate Shooting Collection, originally released in Japan as Milestone Shooting Collection:	Ultimate Shooting Collection	Milestone
developer	Kawasaki Quad Bikes is a video game for the Wii console, developed by Data Design Interactive, a budget developer.	Kawasaki Quad Bikes	Data Design Interactive
developer	Netrek is an Internet game for up to 16 players, written almost entirely in cross-platform open source software.	Netrek	open source
developer	Gloria Union (subtitle ``Twin Fates in Blue Ocean'') is a tactical role-playing game for the PlayStation Portable, developed by Sting Entertainment and published by Atlus.	Gloria Union	Sting Entertainment
developer	Pro/DESKTOP (commonly referred to as Pro/D) formerly known as DesignWave, was a Computer-aided design (CAD) program from Parametric Technology Corporation (PTC), that allowed users to design and model in 3D and create 2D drawings.	Pro/DESKTOP	Parametric Technology Corporation
developer	NBA Jam 2001 is a sports Game Boy Color game made by Acclaim Entertainment as licensed basketball simulation for the 2001-2002 NBA season.	NBA Jam 2001	Acclaim Entertainment
developer	EA Sports MMA is a fighting video game which was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon from 2008 to 2010.	EA Sports MMA	EA Tiburon
developer	Victoria II is a grand strategy wargame developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive, sequel to 2003's Victoria.	Victoria II	Paradox Development Studio
developer	Battle Out Run was a 1989 videogame released by Sega on the Master System.	Battle Out Run	Sega
developer	Windows Server 2008 R2 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft.	Windows Server 2008 R2	Microsoft
developer	Both Outlaw Golf and Outlaw Golf 2 are golf video games developed by Hypnotix, that are intended for adults and mature teens.	Outlaw Golf	Hypnotix
developer	Firefly Online is a strategic role-playing video game in development by Spark Plug Games and Quantum Mechanix for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS, iOS, and Android based on the Firefly franchise.	Firefly Online	Spark Plug Games	Quantum Mechanix
developer	Medieval Mayor is a city-building game set in the Middle Ages under development by Tilted Mill Entertainment.	Medieval Mayor	Tilted Mill Entertainment
developer	WINtA is a music video game for the iOS platform, developed pro bono by Masaya Matsuura's NanaOn-Sha Studio and Triangle Studios, published by ngmoco under the OneBigGame charity initiative.	WINtA	NanaOn-Sha
developer	Supremacy MMA is a mixed martial arts--style fighting video game developed by Kung Fu Factory and published by 505 Games.	Supremacy MMA	Kung Fu Factory
developer	Impossamole is a platform game developed by Core Design for the Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum.	Impossamole	Core Design
developer	Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5 is a skateboarding video game in the Tony Hawk's series developed by Robomodo and Disruptive Games, and published by Activision.	Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5	Robomodo
developer	Sexy Poker is a strip poker video game by Gameloft originally released for mobile phone platforms in 2004.	Sexy Poker	Gameloft
developer	F-19 Stealth Fighter is a combat flight simulator developed and released in 1988 (DOS) and 1990 (Amiga and Atari ST) by MicroProse, featuring a fictional United States military aircraft.	F-19 Stealth Fighter	MicroProse
director	Dvanáct křesel (Polish: Dwanaście krzeseł, translit. Twelve Chairs) is a 1933 Polish-Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński and Martin Frič freely based on the Russian novel ``Twelve Chairs'' by Ilya Ilf and Evgeny Petrov.	Dvanáct křesel	Michał Waszyński	Martin Frič
director	Love of Siam (Thai: รักแห่งสยาม, rtgs: Rak Haeng Sayam, pronounced (rák hɛ̀ŋ sà.jǎːm)) is a 2007 Thai gay-themed romantic-drama film written and directed by Chookiat Sakveerakul.	Love of Siam	Chookiat Sakveerakul
director	The Frog Kingdom (Chinese: 青蛙王国) is a 2013 Chinese animated adventure drama film directed by Nelson Shin.	The Frog Kingdom	Nelson Shin
director	A Season of Giants (Italian: La primavera di Michelangelo, also known as Michelangelo: The Last Giant) is a 1990 American-Italian biographical drama television film directed by Jerry London.	A Season of Giants	Jerry London
director	Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American black comedy drama road film and the directorial film debut of the husband-wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris.	Little Miss Sunshine	Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris
director	Yeh Zindagi Ka Safar (English: Journey of Life) is a 2001 Bollywood film, directed by Tanuja Chandra and produced by Mukesh Bhatt.	Yeh Zindagi Ka Safar	Tanuja Chandra
director	Tapeheads is a 1988 comedy film directed by Bill Fishman.	Tapeheads	Bill Fishman
director	Paths of War (Italian: Franco e Ciccio sul sentiero di guerra) is a 1970 Italian western-comedy film directed by Aldo Grimaldi.	Paths of War	Aldo Grimaldi
director	Maiden's Rock (Bulgarian:Momina skala) is a 1922 Bulgarian silent drama film directed by Boris Grezov and starring Grezov, Katya Syoyanova and Vyara Salplieva-Staneva.	Maiden's Rock	Boris Grezov
director	Tonto Basin Outlaws is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, the tenth of the entries in the Range Busters series.	Tonto Basin Outlaws	S. Roy Luby
dissolved or abolished	The Southern Qi (simplified Chinese: 南齐; traditional Chinese: 南齊; pinyin: Nán Qí) (479-502) was the second of the Southern dynasties in China, followed by the Liang Dynasty.	Southern Qi	502
dissolved or abolished	The Toungoo Dynasty (Burmese: တောင်ငူမင်းဆက်, (tàʊɴŋù mɪ́ɴ zɛʔ); also spelled Taungoo Dynasty) was the ruling dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from the mid-16th century to 1752.	Taungoo Dynasty	1752
dissolved or abolished	Belgorod Province was an administrative of the Tsardom of Moscow and the Russian Empire in 1719--1775.	Belgorod Province	1775
dissolved or abolished	Owing partly to that success, Child World management announced that the new prototype would be used to renovate 11 existing sites, and new market expansion would be targeted in 1990, 1991 and 1992 using the new design.	Child World	1992
dissolved or abolished	The Kerma Culture was an early civilization that flourished from around 2500 BCE to about 1500 BCE in Nubia in present-day southern Egypt and northern Sudan, centered at Kerma, Sudan.	Kerma Culture	1500 BCE
dissolved or abolished	Ordubadsky Uyezd (Russian: Ордубадский уезд) was one of the uyezds (administrative units) of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Ordubad from 1849 until 1868.	Ordubadsky Uyezd	1868
dissolved or abolished	The Federation of Independents (German: Verband der Unabhängigen, VdU) was a German nationalist and national-liberal political party in Austria active from 1949 to 1955.	Federation of Independents	1955
dissolved or abolished	On April 30, 2010, Movie Gallery announced it was closing and liquidating all of its stores per a filing of Chapter 7 bankruptcy.	Movie Gallery	2010
dissolved or abolished	Taiwan under Japanese rule is the period between 1895 and 1945 in which the island of Taiwan (including the Penghu Islands) was a dependency of the Empire of Japan, after Qing China lost the First Sino-Japanese War to Japan and ceded Taiwan Province in the Treaty of Shimonoseki.	Taiwan under Japanese rule	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Anglo-German Fellowship was a group which existed from 1935 to 1939 and aimed to build up friendship between the United Kingdom and Germany; it was widely perceived as being allied to Nazism.	Anglo-German Fellowship	1939
dissolved or abolished	Aeromarine West Indies Airways was a United States airline that operated from 1920 to 1924.	Aeromarine West Indies Airways	1924
dissolved or abolished	It was founded in 1881 and in 1919 became part of the Union of Post Office Workers (later to be renamed Union of Communication Workers) by the merger of the Postmen's Federation, Postal and Telegraph Clerks' Association and the Fawcett Association.	Postal and Telegraph Clerks' Association	1919
dissolved or abolished	Kexholm County (Swedish: Kexholms län, Finnish: Käkisalmen lääni) was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1721, when the southern part was ceded to the Russian Empire in the Treaty of Nystad.	Kexholm County	1721
dissolved or abolished	East Prussia (German: Ostpreußen, pronounced (ˈɔstˌpʁɔʏsən); Latin: Borussia orientalis; Russian: Восточная Пруссия) was a province of Prussia from 1773--1829 and 1878--1945.	East Prussia	1945
dissolved or abolished	On March 17, 2015, Actavis, plc completed the acquisition of Allergan, Inc. in a cash and equity transaction valued at approximately $70.5 billion.	Allergan, Inc.	2015
dissolved or abolished	The Ulster Transport Authority (UTA) ran rail and bus transport in Northern Ireland from 1948 until 1966.	Ulster Transport Authority	1966
dissolved or abolished	The Benin Empire was ``one of the oldest and most highly developed states in the coastal hinterland of West Africa, dating perhaps to the eleventh century CE'', until it was annexed by the British Empire in 1897.	Benin Empire	1897
dissolved or abolished	The Bund Deutscher Frauenvereine (Federation of German Women's Associations) was founded on 28/29th March 1894 as umbrella organization of the women's civil rights feminist movement and existed until the Nazi seizure of power by the National Socialists in 1933.	Bund Deutscher Frauenvereine	1933
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Orihuela was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed probably from around 1239 to 1249.	Taifa of Orihuela	1249
dissolved or abolished	Skierniewice Voivodeship (Polish: województwo skierniewickie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland from 1975 to 1998, superseded by Łódź Voivodeship and Masovian Voivodeship.	Skierniewice Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	The Kumul Khanate was a semi-autonomous feudal Turkic khanate within the Qing dynasty and then the Republic of China until it was abolished by Xinjiang governor Jin Shuren in 1930.	Kumul Khanate	1930
dissolved or abolished	During the secularisation in 1803, Heggbach Abbey came into the possession of Count Waldbott von Bassenheim, passing in 1806 to the Kingdom of Württemberg.	Heggbach Abbey	1803
dissolved or abolished	Conversely, although it was not a state in the German Reich, until 1919 Luxembourg remained in the Zollverein.	Zollverein	1919
dissolved or abolished	On June 23, 2006, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation acquired Kerr-McGee in an all-cash transaction totaling $16.5 billion plus $2.6 billion in debt and all operations moved out of Oklahoma.	Kerr-McGee	2006
dissolved or abolished	Rainbow Arts was a German video game developer founded in 1984 in Gütersloh by Marc Ulrich which was later bought by Funsoft, and eventually absorbed by THQ in 1999.	Rainbow Arts	1999
educated at	Dr Maressa Orzack studied at Columbia University, where she worked as an experimental psychologist.	Maressa Orzack	Columbia University
educated at	Corey Marks holds a Ph.D. in Creative Writing and Literature from the University of Houston, an MFA from the Program for Writers at Warren Wilson College, and a BA in English from Kalamazoo College.	Corey Marks	University of Houston	Kalamazoo College
educated at	A native of Philadelphia, Herbert Callen received his Bachelor of Science degree from Temple University.	Herbert Callen	Temple University
educated at	Paul Nathaniel Barman (born October 30, 1974), better known by his stage name MC Paul Barman, is a Jewish-American rapper from Ridgewood, New Jersey, who attended Brown University.	MC Paul Barman	Brown University
educated at	Eleni Avlonitou attended Indiana University (Bloomington) and received her MSc in Physical Education in 1983 and PhD in ergophysiology in 1988.	Eleni Avlonitou	Indiana University
educated at	Born in the village of Quarter, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, on 5 June 1949, Walter Perrie was educated at the Hamilton Academy from which he entered the University of Edinburgh (subsequently gaining a further degree from the University of Stirling.)	Walter Perrie	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Clyde Hart (born in 1935) is the director of track and field at Baylor University.	Clyde Hart	Baylor University
educated at	Ketil Lenning graduated from the Texas A&M University with a Bachelor of Science in 1974.	Ketil Lenning	Texas A&M University
educated at	Sukhdevsinhji later studied economics at St. Stephen's College, Delhi, and has held a variety of positions with companies in India's oil and gas sector, most notably as chairman of Bharat Petroleum.	Sukhdevsinhji	St. Stephen's College
educated at	Barbara Rosene majored in English at John Carroll University and picked up early experience singing with the school choir, performing with a big band, and at a jazz bar.	Barbara Rosene	John Carroll University
employer	H. Allen Brooks (6 November 1925, New Haven, Connecticut -- 8 August 2010, Hanover, New Hampshire) was an architectural historian and longtime professor at the University of Toronto.	H. Allen Brooks	University of Toronto
employer	Louise Goodman is a British commentator and reporter who worked on ITV's Formula One coverage until it ceased at the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix.	Louise Goodman	ITV
employer	Dacher Keltner is a professor of psychology at University of California, Berkeley, where he directs the Berkeley Social Interaction Lab. He is also the director of the Greater Good Science Center, formerly known as the Center for the Development of Peace and Well-Being.	Dacher Keltner	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Tom Kalin (born 1962) is a screenwriter, film director, producer, and professor of experimental film at European Graduate School in Saas-Fee.	Tom Kalin	European Graduate School
employer	Nicholas A. Kotov, FRSC (born August 29, 1965, Moscow, USSR), is the Joseph B. and Florence V. Cejka Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, MI.	Nicholas A. Kotov	University of Michigan
employer	Peter Trowbridge is an American landscape architect, Professor and Chair of Landscape Architecture at Cornell University	Peter Trowbridge	Cornell University
employer	Noreen M. Clark was the Myron E. Wegman Distinguished University Professor, Director of the Center for Managing Chronic Disease, Professor of Health Behavior & Health Education, and Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Michigan.	Noreen M. Clark	University of Michigan
employer	Markus Greiner is a German physicist and Professor of Physics at Harvard University.	Markus Greiner	Harvard University
employer	Tim Benton (born 21 June 1945, Rome) is Professor of Art History at the Open University in the UK as well as a writer and broadcaster.	Tim Benton	Open University
employer	Mário Vieira de Carvalho is a full professor of sociology of music at Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Faculdade de Ciências Sociais e Humanas.	Mário Vieira de Carvalho	Universidade Nova de Lisboa
employer	Wilfred Watson (May 1, 1911 -- March 25, 1998) was professor emeritus of English at Canada's University of Alberta for many years.	Wilfred Watson	University of Alberta
employer	Christa Dürscheid (born October 4, 1959 in Kehl-Kork, Germany), is a German linguist and professor at the University of Zurich, Switzerland.	Christa Dürscheid	University of Zurich
employer	Eduard Gaugler (23 June 1928 -- 12 April 2014) was a German researcher, economist and former professor for human resource management at both the University of Regensburg and the University of Mannheim from 1972 to 1989.	Eduard Gaugler	University of Mannheim
employer	Leonard Barkan is Class of 1943 University Professor and Chair of the Department of Comparative Literature, at Princeton University.	Leonard Barkan	Princeton University
employer	Mabel Berezin is a sociologist at the Department of Sociology at Cornell University.	Mabel Berezin	Cornell University
employer	Kenneth A. Loparo is Nord Professor of Engineering and Chair of Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Case Western Reserve University, OH, USA, where has been affiliated with since 1979.	Kenneth A. Loparo	Case Western Reserve University
employer	David Streatfield is a widely recognized historian of landscape architecture and long-time professor in the Department of Landscape Architecture at the University of Washington.	David Streatfield	University of Washington
employer	Marla Spivak (born 1955) is an American entomologist, and Distinguished McKnight University Professor at the University of Minnesota.	Marla Spivak	University of Minnesota
employer	In 2003, Timothy Radcliffe was made an honorary Doctor of Divinity in the University of Oxford, the University's highest honorary degree.	Timothy Radcliffe	University of Oxford
employer	Shiulie Ghosh (Bengali: শিউলি ঘোষ, /ʃjuli ghɔːʃ/, born 28 September 1968) is a television journalist, currently working for Al Jazeera English.	Shiulie Ghosh	Al Jazeera English
employer	Roger Pusey is a former BBC Radio 1 producer who worked on the Peel Sessions.	Roger Pusey	BBC
employer	Caroline Hawley (born 1967, Nigeria) is a British journalist who has been a Special Correspondent for the BBC News channel since 2007.	Caroline Hawley	BBC
employer	Robert David Stevens (born 1965) is a Professor of Bio-Health Informatics in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester.	Robert David Stevens	University of Manchester
employer	Michael Schratz (born 1952 in Graz, Austria) is an educational researcher, professor of Education at the University of Innsbruck.	Michael Schratz	University of Innsbruck
employer	Jeremy A. Rabkin (born July 15, 1952) is a professor of law at George Mason University School of Law, where he teaches constitutional law and international law.	Jeremy A. Rabkin	George Mason University
employer	Jia Rongqing (simplified Chinese: 贾荣庆; traditional Chinese: 賈榮慶; pinyin: Jiǎ Róngqìng; Wade--Giles: Chia Jungch'ing) is a Canadian mathematician of Chinese origin who is a mathematics professor at the University of Alberta researching approximation theory and wavelet analysis.	Jia Rongqing	University of Alberta
employer	Thomas W. Clarkson is a heavy metals toxicologist and an emeritus professor in the department of environmental medicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center.	Thomas W. Clarkson	University of Rochester
employer	Margaret Morganroth Gullette (born 1941), a Resident Scholar at the Women's Studies Research Center at Brandeis University, is a cultural critic who calls herself an age critic and theorist.	Margaret Morganroth Gullette	Brandeis University
employer	Joseph Fielding McConkie (April 3, 1941 -- October 10, 2013) was a professor of Ancient Scripture at Brigham Young University (BYU) and an author or co-author of over 25 books.	Joseph Fielding McConkie	Brigham Young University
employer	Catherine Pollard (born in 1960 in Georgetown, Guyana) is the Coordinator for Multilingualism for the United Nations.	Catherine Pollard	United Nations
employer	Heather Cox (born Heather Schoeny on June 3, 1970) is an American sportscaster who is a sideline reporter for WNBA, NBA, college basketball and college football games on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC Sports.	Heather Cox	ESPN
employer	Ellen Spertus is a Professor of Computer Science at Mills College, Oakland, California, United States, and a senior research scientist at Google.	Ellen Spertus	Mills College	Google
employer	Heinz Schlaffer studies German language and culture and is an emeritus Professor of Literary Science of the University of Stuttgart.	Heinz Schlaffer	University of Stuttgart
employer	Clyde Taylor is an African-American writer and film scholar, who is an emeritus professor at New York University, and a contributor to journals such as Black Film Review and Jump Cut.	Clyde Taylor	New York University
employer	Caroline Bilton (born Caroline Davis on 3 February 1976 in Anlaby, West Hull) is a British television presenter, currently one of the main anchors host of the BBC regional news programme Look North, broadcast from Hull to the East Riding of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.	Caroline Bilton	BBC
employer	Michael Collie is a British television and radio presenter who appears on BBC News.	Michael Collie	BBC News
employer	Brigitte Mral (born 1953 in Germany) is a professor of rhetoric at Örebro University.	Brigitte Mral	Örebro University
employer	Zarin Patel is a British accountant and company executive who was the BBC's Chief Financial Officer from 2004, following the promotion of John Smith to Chief Operating Officer, until 2013.	Zarin Patel	BBC
employer	Richard Conn Henry (born 7 March 1940) is a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Johns Hopkins University, author of one book and over 200 publications on the topics of astrophysics and various forms of astronomy including optical, radio, ultraviolet, and X-ray.	Richard Conn Henry	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Edward Kellog Strong, Jr. (August 18, 1884 -- December 4, 1963) was an Emeritus Professor of Applied Psychology at Stanford University, who specialized in organizational psychology and career theory and development.	Edward Kellog Strong, Jr.	Stanford University
employer	William C. Clark (born December 20, 1948 in Greenwich, Connecticut) is an American ecologist and environmental policy analyst, and Harvey Brooks Professor of International Science, Public Policy and Human Development at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.	William C. Clark	Harvard University
employer	Raia Prokhovnik (born 7 May 1951), is Reader in Politics at the Open University's Faculty of Social Sciences, for their Department of Politics and International Studies, and founding editor of the journal Contemporary Political Theory.	Raia Prokhovnik	Open University
employer	Catherine Lutz is an American anthropologist and Thomas J. Watson, Jr. Family Professor of Anthropology and International Studies at Brown University.	Catherine Lutz	Brown University
employer	Linda Ruth Williams (born 16 April 1961) is Professor of Film Studies in the School of Humanities at the University of Southampton, UK.	Linda Ruth Williams	University of Southampton
employer	Lynette Pearson (1950 - c. 11 December 2001), known professionally as Lynette Lithgow), was a Trinidad-born, British-based newsreader and journalist who is best remembered for her career as a newsreader for BBC News.	Lynette Lithgow	BBC
employer	David P. Calleo (* 19 July 1934) is an American political scientist, based at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies, where he holds the titles of Dean Acheson Professor and University Professor.	David P. Calleo	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Peter Flora (*3 March 1944, in Innsbruck, Tyrol, Austria) is an Austrian citizen and taught until his retirement in spring 2009 as a professor of sociology at the University of Mannheim.	Peter Flora	University of Mannheim
employer	Shang Fa Yang (Chinese: 楊祥發; November 10, 1932 -- February 12, 2007) was an acclaimed plant scientist and a professor at the University of California, Davis.	Shang Fa Yang	University of California, Davis
employer	Theodore Roosevelt IV (born November 27, 1942) is an investment banker and managing director at Barclays Capital Corporation.	Theodore Roosevelt IV	Barclays
employer	Antony Valentini is a theoretical physicist and a professor at Clemson University.	Antony Valentini	Clemson University
employer	Rudolf Eitelberger, full name Rudolf Eitelberger von Edelberg (17 April 1817, Olomouc, Moravia -- 18 April 1885, Vienna) was an art historian and the first Ordinarius (full professor) for art history at the University of Vienna.	Rudolf Eitelberger	University of Vienna
employer	Elaine Pagels, née Hiesey (born Palo Alto, California, February 13, 1943), is the Harrington Spear Paine Professor of Religion at Princeton University.	Elaine Pagels	Princeton University
employer	Andrew Rossos is Canadian Macedonian historian, Professor at the University of Toronto.	Andrew Rossos	University of Toronto
employer	Hermann Hunger (born 1942), an Austrian Assyriologist, Professor of Assyriology at the University of Vienna, until his retirement (2007).	Hermann Hunger	University of Vienna
employer	Bernhard Walke (born 28 July 1940) is a pioneer of mobile Internet access and professor emeritus at RWTH Aachen University in Germany.	Bernhard Walke	RWTH Aachen University
employer	Allan M. Collins is an American cognitive scientist, Professor Emeritus of Learning Sciences at Northwestern University's School of Education and Social Policy.	Allan M. Collins	Northwestern University
employer	Bob van Asperen has taught at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague and the Sweelinck Conservatory in Amsterdam, while for the past thirty years he has been giving master-classes in Europe, USA and elsewhere.	Bob van Asperen	Royal Conservatory of The Hague
employer	Annette Kuhn FBA is Emeritus Professor of Film Studies at Queen Mary University of London.	Annette Kuhn	Queen Mary University of London
employer	Joel Moses (born 1941) is an Israeli-American computer scientist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Joel Moses	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Bruno Zumino (April 28, 1923 − June 21, 2014) was an Italian theoretical physicist and emeritus faculty at the University of California, Berkeley.	Bruno Zumino	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Dong-Pyou Han, born in Seoul, South Korea, is a former assistant professor of biomedical sciences at Iowa State University who resigned his post there in October 2013.	Dong-Pyou Han	Iowa State University
employer	Ed Guerrero is an African-American film historian and professor of film and African-American studies at New York University.	Ed Guerrero	New York University
employer	Jane Millar OBE FAcSS is Professor of Social Policy and was previously the Pro-Vice Chancellor Research, University of Bath.	Jane Millar	University of Bath
employer	Larry Cochran is a Canadian psychologist and Professor of Counseling Psychology at the University of British Columbia.	Larry Cochran	University of British Columbia
employer	Manolis Andronikos (Greek: Μανόλης Ανδρόνικος) (October 23, 1919 -- March 30, 1992) was a Greek archaeologist and a professor at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.	Manolis Andronikos	Aristotle University of Thessaloniki
employer	Manju Jaidka is a Professor of English at the Panjab University, Chandigarh, in India.	Manju Jaidka	Panjab University
employer	Phil Maymin is an Assistant Professor of Finance and Risk Engineering at the New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering.	Phil Maymin	New York University
employer	Marc Chase (born April 7, 1960) (aka Mark Thompson) is an award-winning American radio executive currently working for Tribune Company as the President of Tribune Interactive.	Marc Chase	Tribune
employer	Joseph Morton Ransdell (1931--2010) was an associate professor of philosophy from 1974 to 2000 at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas.	Joseph Morton Ransdell	Texas Tech University
employer	Dionisio Loya Plancarte (born 21 October 1955) is a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the Knights Templar Cartel, a quasi-religious criminal organization based in the state of Michoacán.	Dionisio Loya Plancarte	Knights Templar Cartel
employer	Sheana Keane (born 27 May 1975) is an Irish presenter on Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).	Sheana Keane	Raidió Teilifís Éireann
employer	Hugues Sweeney is head of French-language interactive media production at the National Film Board of Canada, based in Montreal.	Hugues Sweeney	National Film Board of Canada
employer	F. Warren Hellman (July 25, 1934 -- December 18, 2011) was an American private equity investor and co-founder of Hellman & Friedman, a multi-billion dollar private equity firm.	Warren Hellman	Hellman & Friedman
employer	Dieter Zetsche (born on May 5, 1953 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a German businessman and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Daimler AG and Head of Mercedes-Benz Cars since 2006 as well as member of the company's Board since 1998.	Dieter Zetsche	Daimler AG
employer	Lakhdar Brahimi (Algerian pronunciation: (læxdˤɑr bræhiːmi); Arabic: الأخضر الإبراهيمى‎; al-Akhḍar al-Ibrāhīmi; born 1 January 1934) is an Algerian United Nations diplomat who served as the United Nations and Arab League Special Envoy to Syria until 14 May 2014.	Lakhdar Brahimi	United Nations
employer	Ronald Daus (12 May 1943, Hannover) is a German university Professor of Romance philology and cultural studies at the Free University of Berlin involved in multi-disciplinary studies.	Ronald Daus	Free University of Berlin
employer	Rudolph Snel van Royen (5 October 1546 -- 2 March 1613), Latinized as Rudolph Snellius, was a Dutch linguist and mathematician who held appointments at the University of Marburg and the University of Leiden.	Rudolph Snellius	University of Marburg
father	Ansegisel (also Ansgise, Ansegus, or Anchises) (c. 602 or 610 -- murdered before 679 or 662) was the son of Saint Arnulf, bishop of Metz, and his wife Doda.	Ansegisel	Arnulf
father	John de Mowbray, 4th Duke of Norfolk, KG (18 October 1444 -- 14 January 1476), known as 1st Earl of Surrey between 1451 and 1461, was the only son of John de Mowbray, 3rd Duke of Norfolk and Eleanor Bourchier.	John de Mowbray, 4th Duke of Norfolk	John de Mowbray, 3rd Duke of Norfolk
father	Born in Tijara, Hakim Syed Fazlur Rahman started family profession (Unani way of treatment) from the very early life with his father Hakim Syed Karam Husain (1870--1953) and elder brother Hafiz Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir (1900--2000) at Dawakhana Shifaul Amraz.	Hakim Syed Fazlur Rahman	Hakim Syed Karam Husain
father	William Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Effingham (c. 1510 -- 12 January 1573), was the eldest son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk by his second wife, Agnes Tilney.	William Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Effingham	Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk
father	A son of Member of Parliament and cabinet minister Jacob Aall Bonnevie, Thomas Bonnevie earned the cand.jur.	Thomas Bonnevie	Jacob Aall Bonnevie
father	Ladkin (foaled 1921 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by August Belmont, Jr. Out of the dam, Lading, he was sired by Fair Play who also sired Man o' War.	Ladkin	Fair Play
father	Born in Copenhagen, Rued Langgaard was the only son of composer and Royal Chamber musician Siegfried Langgaard (1852--1914) and Emma Langgaard (née Foss, 1861--1926), both of whom were pianists.	Rued Langgaard	Siegfried Langgaard
father	Busanda was sired by 1937 U.S. Triple Crown champion War Admiral, a son of Man o' War who was ranked No. 1 in the Blood-Horse magazine list of the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century.	Busanda	War Admiral
father	Lev Lvovich Tolstoy (Russian: Лев Львович Толстой; 1869 -- October 18, 1945) was a Russian writer, and the son of Leo Tolstoy.	Lev Lvovich Tolstoy	Leo Tolstoy
father	Lucas Cranach the Younger (Lucas Cranach der Jüngere; 4 October 1515 -- 25 January 1586) was a German Renaissance painter and portraitist, also known as the son of Lucas Cranach the Elder.	Lucas Cranach the Younger	Lucas Cranach the Elder
father	Maud of Gloucester, Countess of Chester (died 29 July 1189), also known as Matilda, was an Anglo-Norman noblewoman and the daughter of Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester, an illegitimate son of King Henry I of England and Mabel, daughter of Robert fitz Hamon.	Maud of Gloucester, Countess of Chester	Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester
father	Francis Folger Franklin (October 20, 1732 -- November 21, 1736) was the eldest son of Founding Father of the United States Benjamin Franklin by Deborah Read.	Francis Folger Franklin	Benjamin Franklin
father	Sylvain Tesson is the son of Marie-Claude Tesson and the journalist Philippe Tesson who founded the French newspaper Le Quotidien de Paris.	Sylvain Tesson	Philippe Tesson
father	Regal Embrace was sired by Vice Regent, a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee and a son of Northern Dancer who is regarded as the 20th century's best sire of sires.	Regal Embrace	Vice Regent
father	In Greek mythology, Democoon is a son of king Priam mentioned in Homer's Iliad, Hyginus's Fabulae and the Bibliotheca.	Democoon	Priam
father	Frozen Fire (born 2005) is a thoroughbred horse sired by Montjeu from the dam Flamingo Sea, who won the 2008 Irish Derby.	Frozen Fire	Montjeu
father	Gustav of Saxe-Lauenburg (31 August 1570 (?) -- 11 November 1597) was the eldest son of Magnus II, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg and Sophia of Sweden, the daughter of King Gustav I of Sweden.	Gustav of Saxe-Lauenburg	Magnus II, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg
father	Wang Yacheng (王亞澄) (d. 944), formally the Prince of Min (閩王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Min. He was the only historically-known son of its fifth ruler Wang Yanxi (also known as Wang Xi, Emperor Jingzong).	Wang Yacheng	Wang Yanxi
father	Edward Stafford, 4th Baron Stafford (1572 -- 16 September 1625) was the son of Edward Stafford, 3rd Baron Stafford and Maria Stanley, daughter of Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby and Dorothy Howard.	Edward Stafford, 4th Baron Stafford	Edward Stafford, 3rd Baron Stafford
father	Lembu Amiluhur Priyawardhana Priyono (23 October 1939 -- 6 June 2001), generally referred to as Ami Prijono (Perfected Spelling: Ami Priyono) was an Indonesian film director and actor.	Ami Priyono	Prijono
father	Eve Blantyre Simpson (1855--1920) was the daughter of Professor James Young Simpson, who popularised the use of chloroform as an anaesthetic.	Eve Blantyre Simpson	James Young Simpson
father	According to the Torah, Kehath (Hebrew: קְהָת, K'hath) was one of the sons of Levi and the patriarchal founder of the Kehathites, one of the four main divisions of the Levites in biblical times.	Kehath	Levi
father	Childebert II (570--595) was the Merovingian king of Austrasia, which included Provence at the time, from 575 until his death in 595, the eldest and succeeding son of Sigebert I, and the king of Burgundy from 592 to his death, as the adopted and succeeding son of his uncle Guntram.	Childebert II	Sigebert I
father	The son of Emperor Thiệu Trị, Prince Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Nhậm was born on 22 September 1829, and succeeded his father on the throne, with the reigning title of Tự Đức, but family troubles caused his era to have a violent start.	Tự Đức	Thiệu Trị
father	Tamara Gustavson is the daughter of B. Wayne Hughes, the founder and chairman of Public Storage, a self-storage company.	Tamara Gustavson	B. Wayne Hughes
father	Fusu (died 210 BCE) was the eldest son and heir apparent of Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of the Qin dynasty.	Fusu	Qin Shi Huang
father	Shin Sawbu was the only daughter of the Mon King Razadarit who had two sons as well.	Shin Sawbu	Razadarit
father	Eleanor of Normandy (1011/1013 -- after 1071) was a Norman noblewoman and the daughter of Richard II, Duke of Normandy.	Eleanor of Normandy	Richard II, Duke of Normandy
father	Yang Meng was the third son of Yang Xingmi, a major warlord at the end of Tang Dynasty as the military governor (Jiedushi) of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu).	Yang Meng	Yang Xingmi
father	Muhammad bin Abdul-Rahman (1882 - 25 July 1943) was a son of Abdul-Rahman bin Faisal, Imam of the Second Saudi State based in Riyadh.	Muhammad bin Abdul-Rahman	Abdul-Rahman bin Faisal
father	In 1 Chronicles 12:5, Jerimoth is a Benjamite and one of King David's mighty men.	Jerimoth	David
father	Saucy Sue's sire, Swynford, was a successful racehorse and stallion, winning the St Leger Stakes in 1910 and becoming British Champion sire in 1923.	Saucy Sue	Swynford
father	Lucius Aebutius Elva (died 463 BC), son of Titus Aebutius Elva, was consul in 463 BC with Publius Servilius Priscus.	Lucius Aebutius Elva	Titus Aebutius Elva
father	Louise Meijerfeldt was the daughter of Governor general major Count Axel Wrede-Sparre and Augusta Törnflycht.	Louise Meijerfeldt	Axel Wrede-Sparre
father	Kaja Kallas is the daughter of Siim Kallas, the former Chairman of the Estonian Reform Party and the former Vice-President of the European Commission.	Kaja Kallas	Siim Kallas
father	Carl Wilhelm Jessen was a Danish naval officer and the son of Councillor of State Nicolai Jacob Jessen and Marie Christine Jacobi.	Carl Wilhelm Jessen	Nicolai Jacob Jessen
father	Stephen Devereux was born about 1191, the eldest of three sons of Walter Devereux and Cecilia de Longchamp.	Stephen Devereux	Walter Devereux
father	Murong Jun was born in 319, while his father Murong Huang was still the heir apparent to his grandfather Murong Hui, the Jin-created Duke of Liaodong.	Murong Jun	Murong Huang
father	David Lauren (born October 11, 1971) is the middle child and youngest son of clothing designer Ralph Lauren.	David Lauren	Ralph Lauren
father	Nubkheperre Intef and, by implication, his brother Sekhemre Wepmaat Intef, were probably the sons of Sekhemre Shedtawy Sobekemsaf (Sobekemsaf II today) on the basis of inscriptions found on a doorjamb discovered in the remains of a 17th Dynasty temple at Gebel-Antef on the Luxor-Farshut road.	Nubkheperre Intef	Sobekemsaf II
founder	Sun Pharmaceuticals was established by Mr. Dilip Shanghvi in 1983 in Vapi with five products to treat psychiatry ailments.	Sun Pharmaceutical	Dilip Shanghvi
founder	The Republic of Morac-Songhrati-Meads was originally a micronation in the Spratly Islands established by British naval captain James George Meads in the 1870s.	Republic of Morac-Songhrati-Meads	James George Meads
founder	Young Chamber of Commerce was founded by Ansif Ashraf on 25 August 2014 in Kochi to have a platform for young entrepreneurs and professionals where opportunity providers and opportunity seekers come together under a single umbrella for mutual benefit.	Young Chamber of Commerce	Ansif Ashraf
founder	Blackwell UK, also known as Blackwell's and Blackwell Group, is a British academic book retailer and library supply service originally founded in 1879 by Benjamin Henry Blackwell, after whom the chain is named.	Blackwell UK	Benjamin Henry Blackwell
founder	The Abode of the Message is a Universal Sufi community founded in 1975 by Vilayat Inayat Khan.	The Abode of the Message	Vilayat Inayat Khan
founder	Public Allies was founded in 1992 by Vanessa Kirsch and Katrina Browne, recent college graduates who wanted to challenge the notion that their generation was apathetic and uncaring.	Public Allies	Vanessa Kirsch
founder	Biocon India is incorporated as a joint venture between Biocon Biochemicals Ltd. of Ireland and Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw.	Biocon	Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw
founder	New Hormones was a Manchester independent record label founded by Buzzcocks and manager Richard Boon.	New Hormones	Richard Boon
founder	Samuda Brothers was an engineering and ship building firm at Cubitt Town on the Isle of Dogs in London, founded by Jacob and Joseph d'Aguilar Samuda.	Samuda Brothers	Joseph d'Aguilar Samuda
founder	Founded in 1979 by Bob and Harvey Weinstein, Miramax was a leading independent film motion picture distribution and production company before it was acquired by The Walt Disney Company on June 30, 1993.	Miramax	Harvey Weinstein
headquarters location	Gertrude Hawk Chocolates is a chocolate company based in Dunmore, Pennsylvania.	Gertrude Hawk Chocolates	Dunmore, Pennsylvania
headquarters location	Finning International Inc., headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, is one of the world's largest distributors of Caterpillar products and support services.	Finning	Vancouver
headquarters location	Southend Interactive was a game development studio based in Malmö, Sweden.	Southend Interactive	Malmö
headquarters location	The Kansal Group is a company based out of Chandigarh with industrial bases in Mohali, Punjab and Gurgaon, Haryana.	Kansal Group	Chandigarh
headquarters location	Sportingbet is a British e-gaming operator, owned by GVC Holdings plc. The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index prior to its acquisition by GVC.	Sportingbet	London
headquarters location	Washington Stamp Collectors Club is an organization of stamp collectors in the Washington, D.C. area, serving collectors in the district, northern Virginia, and Maryland.	Washington Stamp Collectors Club	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	CMS Cameron McKenna LLP, trading as CMS, is a multinational law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	CMS Cameron McKenna	London
headquarters location	Cloud Nine Movies is a Tamil film production and distribution company, based in Chennai.	Cloud Nine Movies	Chennai
headquarters location	De Havilland Aviation was a licensed aircraft company based in Bournemouth, United Kingdom.	De Havilland Aviation	Bournemouth
headquarters location	VolkerRail is a specialist railway infrastructure services company based in Doncaster, England, providing services across the United Kingdom and Ireland.	VolkerRail	Doncaster
headquarters location	The Hungarian University of Fine Arts (Hungarian: Magyar Képzőművészeti Egyetem, MKE) is the central Hungarian art school in Budapest, Andrássy Avenue.	Hungarian University of Fine Arts	Budapest
headquarters location	Kalbe Farma is a pharmaceutical company in North Jakarta, established in 1966.	Kalbe Farma	Jakarta
headquarters location	Tradus got born as an emerger of QXL, founded in London in 1997 by Financial Times journalist Tim Jackson, and ricardo, founded in Baar, Switzerland in 1999.	Tradus	London
headquarters location	McLaren Racing Limited, competing as McLaren Honda, is a British Formula One team based at the McLaren Technology Centre, Woking, Surrey, England.	McLaren	Woking
headquarters location	Adobe vacated the former Omniture offices in Orem, Utah in November 2012, moving a large portion of its Digital Marketing Business Unit to a new facility in Lehi, Utah.	Omniture	Lehi
headquarters location	Hall, Russell & Company, Limited was a shipbuilder based in Aberdeen, Scotland.	Hall, Russell & Company	Aberdeen
headquarters location	Prometheus Global Media is a New York City-based B2B media company.	Prometheus Global Media	New York City
headquarters location	SF Express (Group) Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 顺丰速运(集团)有限公司; pinyin: Shùnfēng Sùyùn (Jítuán) Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a Chinese delivery services company based in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China.	SF Express	Shenzhen
headquarters location	Gebrüder Stitch is an Austrian manufacturer of organic jeans made to measure, founded in 2010 and based in Vienna.	Gebrüder Stitch	Vienna
headquarters location	Cervecería Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma (Cerveceria Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma / Heineken Mexico) (English: Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery) is a major brewery based in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico, founded in 1890.	Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery	Monterrey
headquarters location	Foster Wheeler AG (formerly Foster Wheeler Inc.) was a Swiss global engineering conglomerate with its principal executive offices in Reading, UK and its registered office in Baar, Canton of Zug, Switzerland.	Foster Wheeler	Baar
headquarters location	Full House Resorts, Inc. is a casino developer and operator based in Spring Valley, Nevada, in the Las Vegas Valley.	Full House Resorts	Spring Valley
headquarters location	On 28 September 2012, at YMCA Hall, Kolkata, Kobita Club officially launched its website.	Kobita Club	Kolkata
headquarters location	Symbolics, Inc. was a computer manufacturer headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and later in Concord, Massachusetts, with manufacturing facilities in Chatsworth, California (a suburban section of Los Angeles).	Symbolics	Concord
headquarters location	Unipar Carbocloro is a publicly traded Brazilian chemical company based in São Paulo and chaired by Frank Geyer Abubakir.	Unipar Carbocloro	São Paulo
headquarters location	The Blues Foundation is an American nonprofit corporation, headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee, that is affiliated with more than 175 Blues organizations from various parts of the world.	Blues Foundation	Memphis
headquarters location	Canongate Books (often simply Canongate) is a Scottish independent publishing firm based in Edinburgh; it is named for The Canongate, an area of the city.	Canongate Books	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Companies Committed to Kids (formerly known as Concerned Children's Advertisers) is a Canadian non-profit organization based in Toronto, founded in 1989.	Companies Committed to Kids	Toronto
headquarters location	The National Alliance for Youth Sports (NAYS) is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization based in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S.A. NAYS provides a variety of programs and services for everyone involved in youth sports, including professional and volunteer administrators, volunteer coaches, officials, parents and young athletes.	National Alliance for Youth Sports	West Palm Beach
headquarters location	Allen Family Foods is a large U.S. producer and exporter of chicken, headquartered in Seaford, Delaware.	Allen Family Foods	Seaford
headquarters location	Hyundai IHL Co., Ltd. is an automotive components manufacturing company headquartered in Gyeongju, South Korea.	Hyundai IHL	Gyeongju
headquarters location	Café Rouge Express at London Euston railway station and Southampton's WestQuay shopping centre, aims to reduce customer waiting time and the reduced menu range is available to eat in or take away.	Café Rouge	London
headquarters location	Dubberman Denmark is a Danish dubbing company based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Dubberman Denmark	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Permacharts Inc. is a Canadian company based in Concord, Ontario, which specializes in the manufacture of laminated quick reference Study guides.	Permacharts	Concord, Ontario
headquarters location	Öhlins, with a total of 280 employees, is headquartered in Upplands Väsby, Sweden, where the main R&D departments and production site are located.	Öhlins	Upplands Väsby
headquarters location	McIntosh Laboratory is an American manufacturer of handcrafted high-end audio equipment based in Binghamton, New York.	McIntosh Laboratory	Binghamton
headquarters location	The Beguiling is a comic shop in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Beguiling	Toronto
headquarters location	LHV Pank (originally Lõhmus, Haavel & Viisemann) is an Estonian banking and financial services company headquartered in Tallinn.	LHV Pank	Tallinn
headquarters location	Alferon Management Limited of London is a management company responsible for running the International Mineral Resources (IMR) in Kazakhstan.	Alferon Management	London
headquarters location	The Home Defence Pyrotechnician and Warship Battalion of the Hungarian Defence Forces based in Újpest Port, on the River Danube, Budapest.	Hungarian Defence Force	Budapest
headquarters location	Due to the popularity of its signed acts, Wati B established its own ``Wati B'' line of fashion apparel with the first ``Wati Boutique'' opened on 1 February 2011 in Paris.	Wati B	Paris
headquarters location	Immersion Corporation of San Jose, California, a developer and licensor of touch feedback technology, also known as haptic technology.	Immersion Corporation	San Jose
headquarters location	LPK (formerly known as Libby, Perszyk, Kathman Inc.) is a global brand design agency headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, with offices in Cincinnati, Geneva, Guangzhou, London and Singapore.	Libby, Perszyk, Kathman Inc.	Cincinnati
headquarters location	Evergreen Marine Corporation (Chinese: 長榮海運) (LSE: EGMD TWSE: 2603), headquartered in Luzhu District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan, is a global containerized-freight shipping company.	Evergreen Marine	Luzhu
headquarters location	In 1952, Omar A. Balubaid (founder) established his first spare parts store in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.	Balubaid	Jeddah
headquarters location	Field Communications was a division of Field Enterprises, which owned the Chicago Sun-Times and the Chicago Daily News.	Field Communications	Chicago
headquarters location	After the discontinuation of the Renault Avantime (co-designed and built by Matra), on February 27, 2003 Matra announced its intention to close its automobile factory in Romorantin-Lanthenay, with the factory closing a month later.	Matra	Romorantin-Lanthenay
headquarters location	COVRA (Centrale Organisatie Voor Radioactief Afval) is the Dutch nuclear waste processing and storage company in Vlissingen, which stores the waste produced in the Borssele nuclear power plant after it is reprocessed by Areva NC in La Hague, Manche, Basse-Normandie, France.	COVRA	Vlissingen
headquarters location	Introduction of Thule sport and travel bags In June 2011 Thule Group launched its first concept store near the Mobilia shopping center in Malmö, on the premises that previously housed Malmö Strumpfabrik.	Thule Group	Malmö
headquarters location	Timas Publishing Group (Turkish: Timaş Yayınları) is a publishing group based in Istanbul, Turkey.	Timas Publishing Group	Istanbul
headquarters location	Coast Capital Savings Credit Union is a member-owned financial co-operative headquartered in Surrey, British Columbia.	Coast Capital Savings	Surrey
headquarters location	The Southeastern Shipbuilding Corporation was formed in Savannah, Georgia, during World War II to build Liberty ships.	Southeastern Shipbuilding Corporation	Savannah
headquarters location	With headquarters in Venlo, the Netherlands, Océ is active in over 100 countries and employs more than 20,000 people worldwide.	Océ	Venlo
headquarters location	Founded in 1988 in Wayne, Pennsylvania, Medecision has additional offices in Dallas and Philadelphia.	Medecision	Wayne
headquarters location	Cathay Bank (traditional Chinese: 國泰銀行; simplified Chinese: 国泰银行; pinyin: Guótài Yínháng) is a Chinese American bank based in Los Angeles, California.	Cathay Bank	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Coastal Corporation was a diversified energy and petroleum products company headquartered at 9 Greenway Plaza (Coastal Tower) in Greenway Plaza, Houston, Texas.	Coastal Corporation	Greenway Plaza
headquarters location	The Alaska Packers' Association (APA) was a San Francisco based manufacturer of Alaska canned salmon founded in 1891 and sold in 1982.	Alaska Packers' Association	San Francisco
headquarters location	Half of MarkMonitor's employees are based at its San Francisco facility where its ``brand protection solutions'' division is located.	MarkMonitor	San Francisco
headquarters location	Lauren Engineers & Constructors is a North American Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) contractor based in Abilene, Texas.	Lauren Engineers & Constructors	Abilene
headquarters location	The Duncan Toys Company is an American toy manufacturer based in Middlefield, Ohio, best known for its yo-yo line.	Duncan Toys Company	Middlefield, Ohio
headquarters location	Girl Management is a London, UK based glamour modeling agency founded by former models Nikkala Stott and Zoe McConnell in 2005.	Girl Management	London
headquarters location	Green Integer is an American publishing house of pocket-sized belles-lettres books, based in Los Angeles, California.	Green Integer	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Vidéotron was established in 1964, under the name ``Télécâble Vidéotron Ltée'' as northern Montreal's first cable television network.	Vidéotron	Montreal
headquarters location	Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. is a Chicago-based telecommunications service company providing wireless, local- and long-distance telephone, broadband and video services to approximately 7 million customers in 36 states through its business units TDS Telecom and U.S. Cellular (NYSE: USM).	Telephone and Data Systems	Chicago
headquarters location	Benetti is an Italian shipbuilding and Boat building company based in Viareggio, Livorno, and Fano, owned by Azimut.	Benetti	Viareggio
headquarters location	Hot Toys Limited is a Hong Kong-based production house for designing, developing, and manufacturing highly detailed collectible merchandise to worldwide markets.	Hot Toys	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Warner Chilcott (formerly Galen) is a pharmaceutical company based in Rockaway, New Jersey, USA.	Warner Chilcott	Rockaway, New Jersey
headquarters location	National Stores Inc., is a family-owned company headquartered in the Harbor Gateway area of Los Angeles, California with more than 350 locations in twenty-two states and Puerto Rico.	National Stores	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Velocity Micro is a privately held computer manufacturer located in Richmond, VA (USA), specializing in custom high performance gaming computers, pro workstations, and high performance compute solutions.	Velocity Micro	Richmond
headquarters location	Fisher's Big Wheel was a discount department store chain based in the Pittsburgh suburb of New Castle, Pennsylvania, United States.	Fisher's Big Wheel	New Castle
headquarters location	Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic health care system operating multiple hospitals across 5 states, with headquarters in Renton, Washington.	Providence Health & Services	Renton
headquarters location	Hugo's is headquartered in the city of Grand Forks, North Dakota.	Hugo's	Grand Forks
headquarters location	In 2007, the Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops moved to Toronto, where it is now hosted by the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research.	Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops	Toronto
headquarters location	Mater Health Services North Queensland operates two private hospitals, one established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1945 named Mater Hospital Pimlico (Formally the Mater Misericordiae Hospital Townsville) and the second purchased in 2007 named the Mater Women's and Children's Hospital Hyde Park (formerly the Wesley/Park Haven Hospital Hyde Park).	Mater Health Services North Queensland	Townsville
headquarters location	Léon & Lévy was a French printer and a photograph editing company located in Paris.	Léon & Lévy	Paris
headquarters location	The company was established by Albert Francois, a Belgian who had been striving to improve grouting associated with shaft sinking for coal mining, as the Francois Cementation Company based at Doncaster in 1910.	Cementation Company	Doncaster
headquarters location	Universidad Pedagógica Experimental Libertador is a university in Caracas.	Universidad Pedagógica Experimental Libertador	Caracas
headquarters location	NewTek, Inc. is a San Antonio, Texas--based hardware and software company that produces live and post-production video tools and visual imaging software for personal computers.	NewTek	San Antonio
headquarters location	Printed Circuit Corporation (PCC), was founded in 1961, and was a contract printed circuit board manufacturer located in Woburn, Massachusetts.	Printed Circuit Corporation	Woburn
headquarters location	OpSource, Inc. is a cloud and managed services hosting company headquartered in Santa Clara, California.	OpSource	Santa Clara
headquarters location	The Biologics Business Unit (BU) of Intas Pharmaceuticals Limited was formerly an independent biotechnology company and was known as Intas Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. Intas Pharmaceuticals limited is an Indian company headquartered in Ahmedabad, India.	Intas Biopharmaceuticals	Ahmedabad
headquarters location	MasterMover is a British limited manufacturing company headquartered in Ashbourne, Derbyshire, a few miles from Derby.	MasterMover	Ashbourne
headquarters location	Dagens Industri (often referred to as DI) is a financial newspaper in tabloid format published in Stockholm, Sweden.	Dagens Industri	Stockholm
headquarters location	SmartUse is a software and hardware company founded in 2012 and headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada with additional offices in New York, New York, U.S. and Atlanta, Georgia, U.S. The company specializes in designing touch solutions for the AEC industry.	SmartUse	Montreal
headquarters location	Quidgest is a software engineering company headquartered in Lisbon, Macau, München, Maputo and Dili.	Quidgest	Lisbon
headquarters location	IsaDora cosmetics is a Swedish cosmetics brand established in 1983 by the company Swedish INVIMA AB, located in Malmö.	IsaDora cosmetics	Malmö
headquarters location	Baptist Health System is a hospital and medical facility system located in San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas.	Baptist Health System	San Antonio
headquarters location	Stork B.V. is a Dutch manufacturing and service providing company with its headquarters in Naarden.	Stork B.V.	Naarden
headquarters location	The Colorado Mountain Club (CMC), formed in 1912, is a nonprofit, 501 (c)(3) outdoor education organization based in Golden, Colorado that gathers and disseminates information regarding Colorado's mountains in the areas of art, science, literature and recreation.	Colorado Mountain Club	Golden
headquarters location	Apogee Software, LLC is an American video game publisher based in Garland, Texas.	Apogee Software	Garland
headquarters location	Dragon Lady Comics was a comic book shop in Toronto, Ontario, owned by John Biernat.	Dragon Lady Comics	Toronto
headquarters location	Anglo Swiss Capital Ltd is a principal investment and advisory company, privately owned and managed with offices in London and Geneva.	Anglo Swiss Capital	Geneva
headquarters location	Welspun Retail Ltd is an Indian household goods retailer based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Welspun Retail Ltd	Mumbai
headquarters location	Travel Insured International is headquartered out of Glastonbury, Connecticut within the historical insurance hub of greater Hartford, Connecticut.	Travel Insured International	Glastonbury
headquarters location	The 48th Highlanders of Canada is a Canadian Forces Primary Reserve (i.e., part-time militia) infantry regiment based in Toronto, parading out of Moss Park Armoury.	48th Highlanders of Canada	Moss Park Armoury
headquarters location	Boğaziçi University (also known as Bosphorus University, Turkish: Boğaziçi Üniversitesi, ``Boğaziçi'' literally meaning Bosphorus in Turkish) is a major research university located on the European side of the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul, Turkey.	Boğaziçi University	Istanbul
headquarters location	Initially Freemans operations remained in London, but was quickly integrated with the Bradford based Grattan, utilising not only its head office at Anchor House, Ingleby Road, Bradford, but warehousing in Peterborough and Bradford and a call centre in Sheffield.	Freemans	Bradford
headquarters location	The Carrozzeria Francis Lombardi was founded in 1947 in Vercelli, Italy, by noted pilot Carlo ``Francis'' Lombardi.	Carrozzeria Francis Lombardi	Vercelli
headquarters location	Pennon Group plc is a British water utility and waste management company based in Exeter, Devon in the United Kingdom.	Pennon Group	Exeter
headquarters location	Incapital has multiple offices throughout the U.S., with corporate headquarters in Chicago and a major sales, trading and capital markets office in Boca Raton, Florida.	Incapital	Chicago
headquarters location	Espace Group is a French media company established in 1987, based at Lyon and which engages in mainly radio publishing.	Espace Group	Lyon
headquarters location	Clapper Post (German: Klapperpost) was an urban postal service, which existed in Vienna (since 1772), the capital of Austria, and in other cities in that country.	Clapper Post	Vienna
headquarters location	AmerisourceBergen Corporation is a Chesterbrook, Pennsylvania based drug wholesale company that was formed by the merger of Bergen Brunswig and AmeriSource in 2001.	AmerisourceBergen	Chesterbrook
headquarters location	Heritage Internet Technologies was a web design and web hosting company located in Provo, Utah and founded in 2001 which specialized in creating custom websites for small and medium-sized businesses.	Heritage Internet Technologies	Provo
headquarters location	Henkel AG & Company, KGaA, headquartered in Düsseldorf, Germany, is a multinational company active both in the consumer and industrial sector.	Henkel	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	Andersen Tax LLC is a tax firm headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States.	Andersen Tax LLC	San Francisco
headquarters location	Alexander & Baldwin has its headquarters in downtown Honolulu at the Alexander & Baldwin Building, which was built in 1929.	Alexander & Baldwin	Honolulu
headquarters location	Toronto Transit Commission - H series subway cars GO Transit - bi-level coaches Soo Line Railroad Canadian Wheat Board - cylindrical grain hoppers Saskatchewan Grain Car Corporation - grain hoppers Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority - Orange and Blue line transit cars National Railways of Mexico - passenger coaches Hawker Siddeley Canada headquarters was in Mississauga, Ontario.	Hawker Siddeley Canada	Mississauga
headquarters location	Ansariyan Publications is a private publisher located at Qom,Islamic Republic of Iran.	Ansariyan Publications	Qom
headquarters location	Campmor's warehousing and order processing facilities are located in Mahwah, New Jersey.	Campmor	Mahwah, New Jersey
headquarters location	Westdeutscher Rundfunk Köln (WDR, West German Broadcasting Cologne) is a German public-broadcasting institution based in the Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia with its main office in Cologne.	Westdeutscher Rundfunk	Cologne
headquarters location	Raven Rotorcraft (also called Raven Redrives and Raven Rotorcraft & Redrives, Inc.) is an American aircraft manufacturer based in El Prado, New Mexico and formerly of Boulder Colorado.	Raven Rotorcraft	El Prado, New Mexico
headquarters location	NNB Generation Company (NNB GenCo) is a subsidiary created by EDF Energy to build and then operate two new nuclear power stations in the United Kingdom.	NNB Generation Company	United Kingdom
headquarters location	The Grilled Cheese Grill restaurants are a combination of reclaimed vehicle and food cart restaurants that focus on gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches in Portland, Oregon.	The Grilled Cheese Grill	Portland
headquarters location	Godfrey-Proctor, (Godfrey and Proctor), was a British car manufacturer (circa late 1920s-1928) founded by Henry Ronald Godfrey (H.R. Godfrey) and Stuart Proctor at Richmond, Surrey in England.	Godfrey-Proctor	Richmond
headquarters location	Shree Venkatesh Films (SVF) is an Indian media and entertainment company headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal.	Shree Venkatesh Films	Kolkata
headquarters location	U-Haul is an American moving equipment and storage rental company, based in Phoenix, Arizona, that has been in operation since 1945.	U-Haul	Phoenix
headquarters location	Zuyd University of Applied Sciences (Dutch: Zuyd Hogeschool) is a University of Applied Sciences with campuses in Heerlen, Sittard and Maastricht in the southeastern Netherlands.	Zuyd University of Applied Sciences	Heerlen
headquarters location	The TestDaF-Institut is an institute for language testing in Bochum, Germany.	TestDaF-Institut	Bochum
headquarters location	Village Inn's parent company, American Blue Ribbon Holdings, is based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Village Inn	Nashville
headquarters location	The CIGI Campus, located in Waterloo, Ontario, is a hub of academic study and policy-based research in global governance and international affairs.	CIGI Campus	Waterloo
headquarters location	The Mustache Gallery is an underground art gallery on the West Side district of Chicago in the Pilsen/ South Loop area.	The Mustache Gallery	Chicago
headquarters location	Princess Productions is a London-based television production company started in September 1996 by Henrietta Conrad and Sebastian Scott which has produced broadcast shows and pilots for all the major British broadcasters across a variety of genres, mainly specialising in entertainment and factual entertainment programmes.	Princess Productions	London
headquarters location	A 501(c)(3) nonprofit based in Silver Spring, Maryland, Trees for the Future also offers individuals and businesses a form of carbon offset through planting trees.	Trees for the Future	Silver Spring
headquarters location	Castle Harlan's team of 18 investment professionals, based in New York City, has completed over 50 acquisitions since its inception with a total value of approximately $10 billion.	Castle Harlan	New York City
headquarters location	At Bay Press is a Canadian book publishing company, based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, established in 2008 in Toronto, Ontario.	At Bay Press	Winnipeg
headquarters location	RTV Studio B, more often called Studio B (Serbian Cyrillic: Студио Б), is a radio and television broadcaster in Belgrade, Serbia, which was the first broadcast station outside the national electronic media system.	RTV Studio B	Belgrade
headquarters location	Jama Software is a computer software company headquartered in Portland, Oregon.	Jama Software	Portland
headquarters location	The American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE) is a non-profit organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., representing 50,000 individuals and the top 2% of medical and biomedical engineers.	American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Zensar Technologies is an information technology services and infrastructure services provider with headquarters in Pune, India.	Zensar Technologies	Pune
headquarters location	Island Savings has 16 branches 13 insurance offices throughout B.C. in the communities of Duncan, Chemainus, Brentwood, Ladysmith, Lake Cowichan, Mill Bay, Nanaimo, Pender Island, Saltspring Island, and Victoria.	Island Savings	Duncan
headquarters location	Warner Bros. downsized the studio further in June, shut down the Sherman Oaks studio, and had Warner Bros. Animation moved to the Warner Bros. Ranch in Burbank, California.	Warner Bros. Animation	Burbank
headquarters location	Wortmann AG is a German computer manufacturer, based in Hüllhorst, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Wortmann	Hüllhorst
headquarters location	Giusto Manetti Battiloro is one of Florence's 25 oldest companies.	Giusto Manetti Battiloro	Florence
headquarters location	Bigfoot International, Inc. was a New York City based holding company, which developed email communications, marketing automation and customer interaction software products during the dot-com era.	Bigfoot International	New York City
headquarters location	Biohit is headquartered in Helsinki and has subsidiaries in Italy and the UK.	Biohit	Helsinki
headquarters location	Signature BioScience Inc. was the first biotechnology company based in San Francisco.	Signature BioScience	San Francisco
headquarters location	Mikro-Gen was a UK software company based in Bracknell, Berkshire that produced games for home computers in the early to mid-1980s.	Mikro-Gen	Bracknell
headquarters location	The Gillig Corporation, formerly Gillig Bros., is an American manufacturer of heavy-duty low-floor transit buses based in Hayward, California.	Gillig Corporation	Hayward
headquarters location	Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc., based in Naples, Florida, is an owner/operator of radio stations in the United States.	Beasley Broadcast Group	Naples
headquarters location	British Hunter is a manufacturer of sailing boats based in the Lauren Marines boat yard Southampton, England.	British Hunter	Southampton
headquarters location	The Thomanerchor (English: St. Thomas Choir of Leipzig) is a boys' choir in Leipzig, Germany.	Thomanerchor	Leipzig
headquarters location	North Country Cinema is a Canadian media arts collective based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	North Country Cinema	Calgary
headquarters location	The Bank of Latvia administration is located in Riga.	Bank of Latvia	Riga
headquarters location	CriticalBlue is a Scottish software company based in Edinburgh that provides software optimization tools and services for Android and Linux platforms.	CriticalBlue	Edinburgh
headquarters location	The V H Group has its headquarters in Pune, and has offices in London, Morocco, Switzerland, Syria, South Africa, Brazil, Moscow, UAE, Singapore, Bangladesh, Vietnam, Indonesia and The Philippines.	V H Group	Pune
headquarters location	Mariage Frères (French, Mariage Brothers) is a French gourmet tea company, based in Paris.	Mariage Frères	Paris
headquarters location	Qcue is an Austin-based company that offers dynamic and time-based pricing solutions to live entertainment organizations.	Qcue	Austin
headquarters location	Marmol Radziner is a design-build practice based in Los Angeles that was founded in 1989 by American architects Leo Marmol, FAIA, and Ron Radziner, FAIA.	Marmol Radziner	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Based in Seoul, South Korea, the Hankook Tire group is the 7th largest tire company in the world.	Hankook Tire	Seoul
headquarters location	United Services of America Federal Credit Union (often referred to as USA Federal Credit Union or USA Fed) was a credit union headquartered in San Diego, California, chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) of the U.S. federal government.	USA Federal Credit Union	San Diego
headquarters location	Hoopla Software, Inc. is a privately held SaaS company founded in 2010, headquartered in Silicon Valley, San Jose, California.	Hoopla Software	San Jose
headquarters location	Sungale Group Inc is a manufacturer of consumer electronics headquartered in Chino, CA with its production facilities in Shenzhen, China.	Sungale Group Inc	Chino
headquarters location	BMO Harris Bank, N.A. is a United States bank based in Chicago, Illinois.	BMO Harris Bank	Chicago
headquarters location	Immerse Learning was founded in 2005 as Languagelab.com in London by David Kaskel and Shiv Rajendran.	Immerse Learning	London
headquarters location	Barrandov Studios is a famous set of film studios in Prague, Czech Republic.	Barrandov Studios	Prague
headquarters location	ISM Information Systems Management Canada Corporation (ISM) is an Information Technology service company based in Regina, Saskatchewan.	Information Systems Management Canada	Regina
headquarters location	Plaid Pantry is a chain of privately owned convenience stores based in Beaverton, Oregon, USA.	Plaid Pantry	Beaverton
headquarters location	InkStop, Inc. was an office supply retailer founded in 2005 and most recently headquartered in Warrensville Heights, Ohio.	InkStop	Warrensville Heights
headquarters location	With its headquarters in Logan, Utah, Reminderband also has a logistics and development center in Hong Kong.	Reminderband	Logan
headquarters location	Equens SE is a European full service card and payment processor headquartered in Utrecht, Netherlands, and with offices in Frankfurt, Stuttgart, Milan, Rome, Helsinki, and London.	Equens	Utrecht
headquarters location	Anesrif is headquartered in Algiers, and it is structured as an Établissement Public à caractère Industriel et Commercial, or ``EPIC'';	Anesrif	Algiers
headquarters location	Park West Gallery is a commercial art gallery founded in 1969 by Albert Scaglione and based in Southfield, Michigan, USA, where it occupies 63,000-square-foot (5,900 m2) premises, which is open for public and educational visits.	Park West Gallery	Southfield
headquarters location	Shropshire Youth Theatre Ltd (Shrewsbury Youth Theatre Inc) is a non-profit organisation which is run by committee members who are voted in annually by the senior members.	Shropshire Youth Theatre	Shrewsbury
headquarters location	Heyco was founded in 1937 by Max and Ernst Heynen and started off manufacturing hand tools for the early automotive industry in Remscheid, Germany.	Heyco	Remscheid
headquarters location	SARIA Bio-Industries AG & Co. KG is a company group based in Selm (Westphalia / Germany) and active throughout Europe.	SARIA	Selm
headquarters location	Metropolitan Educational Enterprises, Inc. is a company, founded in 1968 and based in Chicago, Illinois, that reportedly sells educational materials through independent contractors.	Metropolitan Educational Enterprises	Chicago
headquarters location	Sodern is a French company based in Limeil-Brévannes, near Paris in Ile-de-France, specialized in space instrumentation, optics and neutron analyzers.	Sodern	Limeil-Brévannes
headquarters location	Lowepro is a brand of carrying bags for cameras, laptops, imaging accessories and portable consumer electronics with corporate headquarters in Petaluma, California.	Lowepro	Petaluma
headquarters location	Voyager Capital is a information technology venture capital firm that is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.	Voyager Capital	Seattle
headquarters location	Forsythe Technology, Inc. is a IT infrastructure, professional services and financial services company located in Skokie, Illinois.	Forsythe Technology	Skokie
headquarters location	Celkon is a mobile phone manufacturing company in India based in Hyderabad.	Celkon	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Brown Bag Films, or Brown Bag, is an Irish computer animation studio, based in Dublin, Ireland with a 2D facility based in Manchester, UK.	Brown Bag Films	Dublin
headquarters location	Each year the OFW offers around 40 students the opportunity to add practical experience to their theoretical knowledge by organising the annual World Business Dialogue which took place the first time at the (University of Cologne) in 1987.	World Business Dialogue	Cologne
headquarters location	Discovery Communications, Inc. is an American global mass media and entertainment company based in Silver Spring, Maryland.	Discovery Communications	Silver Spring
headquarters location	Prologis'' corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California.	Prologis	San Francisco
headquarters location	Beijing Polybona Film Distribution Co. Ltd. (simplified Chinese: 保利博纳电影发行有限公司; traditional Chinese: 保利博納電影發行公司), known simply as, Polybona Films and Bona Film Group, is a Chinese production company, involved in the production, co-production and distribution of films from China and Hong Kong.	Polybona Films	Beijing
headquarters location	Daptone Records is a funk and soul independent record label formed by Gabriel Roth and Neal Sugarman and based in Brooklyn, New York.	Daptone Records	Brooklyn
headquarters location	Created in 2007, Lingueo is a French enterprise situated in Paris and founded by Guillaume le Dieu de Ville, Arnaud Portanelli and Johann Querne.	Lingueo	Paris
headquarters location	Viewzi was a search engine company based in Dallas, Texas that developed a highly visual experience that tailored the way users look at information based on what they are looking for.	Viewzi	Dallas
headquarters location	Constantin Medien AG (formerly EM.Entertainment and EM.TV & Merchandising AG, then EM.TV AG, and finally em.sport media ag) is a German media group, based in Ismaning near Munich, active in the area of sports, film and event marketing to medium-sized media companies.	Constantin Medien	Ismaning
headquarters location	Founded in USA in 1996, by naval architect & marine engineer Horacio Bozzo, Axis Group Yacht Design has moved to Viareggio, Italy in 2001.	Axis Group Yacht Design	Viareggio
headquarters location	New Relic is an American software analytics company based in San Francisco, California.	New Relic	San Francisco
headquarters location	Sunac China Holdings Limited (SEHK: 1918), headquartered in Tianjin, People's Republic of China, is one of the leading residential property developers in China.The company focuses on large-scale, medium to high-end property developments.	Sunac China	Tianjin
headquarters location	Bukowskis is a Scandinavian fine art and antique auction house established in 1870 by the Polish nobleman Henryk Bukowski in Stockholm, Sweden.	Bukowskis	Stockholm
headquarters location	Headquartered in Boulogne-Billancourt, the Renault group is made up of the namesake Renault marque and subsidiaries, Automobile Dacia from Romania, and Renault Samsung Motors from South Korea.	Renault	Boulogne-Billancourt
headquarters location	Paraná Banco is a small bank founded in 1979 by Grupo JMalucelli, a Brazilian conglomerate based in Curitiba.	Paraná Banco	Curitiba
headquarters location	OpenCube Technologies is a French company headquartered in Toulouse, member of the Belgian group EVS Broadcast Equipment.	OpenCube Technologies	Toulouse
headquarters location	World Council of Credit Unions and its subsidiaries are headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin.	World Council of Credit Unions	Madison
headquarters location	Jakab Industries was an Australian bodybuilder in Tamworth, New South Wales.	Jakab Industries	Tamworth, New South Wales
headquarters location	In the same year, Stockland's activities became more diversified, moving into commercial development, initially with retail projects in suburbs of Sydney.	Stockland	Sydney
headquarters location	Tarmac Building Products is a British producer of building products, based in Wolverhampton.	Tarmac Building Products	Wolverhampton
headquarters location	Sporveien Trikken AS, formerly Oslo Sporvognsdrift AS and Oslotrikken AS, is the company that operates the Oslo Tramway in Oslo, Norway.	Sporveien Trikken	Oslo
headquarters location	Cortera, headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida, USA, is a provider of credit information on businesses and corporations.	Cortera	Boca Raton
headquarters location	Beyond Retro is a vintage clothing retailer with shops in London, Brighton and Sweden.	Beyond Retro	London
headquarters location	Mubadala Development Company PJSC (Mubadala) was established in October 2002 as a Public Joint Stock Company and is a wholly owned investment vehicle of the Government of Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates.	Mubadala Development Company	Abu Dhabi
headquarters location	The Teldec (Telefunken-Decca Schallplatten GmbH) is a German record label in Hamburg, Germany.	Teldec	Hamburg
headquarters location	China Great Wall Wine Co., Ltd. is a Chinese producer of wine based in Shacheng town, Huailai County, Zhangjiakou, Hebei province, China.	Great Wall Wine	Hebei
inception	The Union for Homeland (Arabic: الإتحاد من أجل الوطن‎, Al-Ittihad min Ajl Al-Watan) is a political party in Libya, founded in 2012.	Union for Homeland	2012
inception	It was named Victoria in 1844, after Queen Victoria, though amended to Victoria West in 1855 to distinguish it from an Eastern Cape district.	Victoria West	1844
inception	ETAS GmbH, founded in 1994, is a 100-percent subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH with international subsidiaries and sales offices in France, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom, India, Korea, Thailand, Vietnam, Brazil, Sweden, Italy, and the Russian Federation.	ETAS	1994
inception	The award was originally created in 1985 as the VPBL Pitcher of the Year Award, and was renamed Carrao Bracho Trophy since 1995 to honour José Bracho, who spent 26 years in the league.	Carrao Bracho Trophy	1985
inception	The Opus sacerdotale Amici Israel was an international Roman Catholic association founded in Rome in February 1926.	Opus sacerdotale Amici Israel	1926
inception	Scotland Loves Animation, is a UK-based film festival, dedicated to animation, which began in 2010 with a primary focus on Japanese animation with an event called ``Scotland Loves Anime''.	Scotland Loves Animation	2010
inception	On 1 January 2015, Vaugneray annexed the neighboring commune of Saint-Laurent-de-Vaux.	Vaugneray	1 January 2015
inception	Yanbu University College was established in 2005, in the city of Yanbu Al-Sinaiyah, located on the coast of the Red Sea in Madinah Province, Saudi Arabia.	Yanbu University College	2005
inception	The group have been together since February 2011 and have released two EPs: 'The Young Peculiar EP' (2012) & 'Ordinary' (2013).	Young Peculiar	2011
inception	Propagandhi is a Canadian punk rock band formed in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba in 1986 by guitarist Chris Hannah and drummer Jord Samolesky.	Propagandhi	1986
inception	In 2007 Miss International Australia held for the first time.	Miss International Australia	2007
inception	After a series of delays, Capital MetroRail was inaugurated in March 2010.	Capital MetroRail	2010
inception	Bharat Sundari was a national pageant in India that sent its winner to compete in Miss World pageant from 1968 to 1975.	Bharat Sundari	1968
inception	Gaz de France was created with its sister company Électricité de France (EDF) in 1946 by the French Government.	Gaz de France	1946
inception	Guangdong Ocean University (simplified Chinese: 广东海洋大学; traditional Chinese: 廣東海洋大學; pinyin: Guǎngdōng hǎiyáng dàxué, GDOU) was established in 1997 to provide courses in oceanography and maritime sciences.	Guangdong Ocean University	1997
inception	Subsequently, in 2004 Tarak Ben Ammar successfully lobbied the then Italian Communications Minister Maurizio Gasparri for a decree allowing him to convert the concessions from crypted TV to free TV: here, then, Sportitalia.	Sportitalia	2004
inception	Following this successful operation, the Edmonton Radial Railway Society was founded in 1980.	Edmonton Radial Railway Society	1980
inception	The Electric Revelators are a blues band, formed in Swansea 2004, Wales, added Jerry Donahue ex-member of Fairport Convention and Chris Rea Band to the line-up in 2011.	The Electric Revelators	2004
inception	XDC, a member company of EVS, was created in 2004 by Laurent Minguet but changed its name to dcinex in 2012.	XDC	2004
inception	The Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz (``German Foundation for Monument Protection'') is a German private initiative founded in 1985 that works for the preservation of cultural heritage in Germany and to promote the idea of cultural heritage management.	Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz	1985
inception	Established in the year 2001, Ahlcon International School- was inaugurated by Smt.	Ahlcon International School	2001
inception	It was established in 1993 (as RTV Cazin) and the program is mainly produced in Bosnian language.	RTV Cazin	1993
inception	The Düsseldorf-Elberfeld Railway Company (German: Düsseldorf-Elberfelder Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft, DEE) was founded in October 1835 and officially recognised by a Prussian government statute on 23 September 1837.	Düsseldorf-Elberfeld Railway Company	1835
inception	Less Than Jake is an American ska punk band from Gainesville, Florida, formed in 1992.	Less Than Jake	1992
inception	The Echo Foundation is a non-profit education foundation, co-founded in 1997 by Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel and Stephanie G. Ansaldo.	Echo Foundation	1997
inception	Founded in 2001 by fourteen undergraduate men and women at the University at Buffalo (SUNY), Theta Delta Sigma has been a partner in the values-based fraternal movement.	Theta Delta Sigma	2001
inception	Hissanol were a two-piece experimental indie rock band based in both Amsterdam, the Netherlands and Victoria, British Columbia, Canada active between 1994 and 1998.	Hissanol	1994
inception	The Free-minded Union or Radical Union (German: Freisinnige Vereinigung) was a liberal party in the German Empire that existed from 1893 to 1910.	Free-minded Union	1893
inception	Newmans Airways Limited, trading as Newmans Air, was a wholly owned airline subsidiary of Newmans Group (most well known as the owners of Newmans Coach Lines) and served the New Zealand domestic market between 1985 and 1987.	Newmans Air	1985
inception	The Central University of Kerala (CUK) is one of the 15 Central universities established under The Central Universities Act, 2009 (Act No.25 of 2009).	Central University of Kerala	2009
inception	Natteravnene (English: the Night Ravens), established in 1990, is a Norwegian based franchise organisation of volunteers that encourages adult, sober citizens to walk around in the city in groups at night during the weekends.	Natteravnene	1990
inception	Castle Gallery was first established in 2002 by Andrew Lyttle at the age of 23.	Castle Gallery	2002
inception	MegaDriver is a Brazilian heavy metal and video game music cover band formed in 2003 by Antonio ``Nino'' Francisco Tornisiello, who uses the stage name ``Nino Megadriver''.	MegaDriver	2003
inception	The X-Stream Network was the first free ISP based in Britain launched in 1998 and founded by Canadian businessmen Christopher Sukornyk and Gregory Sukornyk, founder of Project Breakout and Wippit founder Paul Myers.	X-Stream Network	1998
inception	The Nikon F-401 (N4004 in North America) was a beginner's level, autofocus, 35mm, single-lens reflex (SLR) film camera built by Nikon and introduced in 1987.	Nikon F-401	1987
inception	The Dresden English Football Club was a football club founded in 1874 in Dresden, the first in Germany and likely the first outside Great Britain.	Dresden English Football Club	1874
inception	The office existed since the foundation of the see from part of the Diocese of Ripon in 1920 under George V. The last diocesan Bishop of Bradford was Nick Baines, from 21 May 2011 until 20 April 2014.	Bishop of Bradford	1920
inception	2007 - Rosslyn Analytics was founded by Charles Clark and Hugh Cox.	Rosslyn Analytics	2007
inception	Willow Creek Academy (WCA) received its charter in 2001 and opened its doors in September 2001 as a K-4 school with 37 students.	Willow Creek Academy	2001
inception	South Elgin High School (SEHS), opened 2005, is a four-year high school located in South Elgin, Illinois, a north-west suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	South Elgin High School	2005
inception	Earle Wines is a long-standing British wine and spirit merchant, which began trading in 1992.	Earle Wines	1992
inception	The International Biological Program (IBP) was an effort between 1964 and 1974 to coordinate large-scale ecological and environmental studies.	International Biological Program	1964
inception	The Reality Party is a political party in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2014, by Mark ``Bez'' Berry.	Reality Party	2014
inception	Originally called the Canadian Business Forum (CBF), the Canadian Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai was formed in 1996 by a group of locally based Canadian companies and entrepreneurs .	Canadian Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai	1996
inception	TERI University was established on 19 August 1998 and recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC) as a deemed to be university in 1999.	TERI University	1998
inception	St James Capua Hospital, or Saint James Hospital Sliema, started out in 1996 as the Capua Palace Hospital.	St James Capua Hospital	1996
inception	Groupe BPCE is France's second largest bank, formed by the 2009 merger of CNCE (Caisse nationale des caisses d'épargne) and BFBP (Banque fédérale des banques populaires), has more than 8,200 branches nationwide under their respective brand names serving nearly 40 million customers.	Groupe BPCE	2009
inception	WRPW made its debut in 1996 as WAPU.	WRPW	1996
inception	But in 1987--89 things changed with KAGU when Station Manager John Hipp developed radio shows that were cutting edge college radio.	KAGU	1987
inception	PVRIS formed in Lowell, Massachusetts in 2012 under the name Operation Guillotine.	PVRIS	2012
inception	Scottish Dance Theatre was founded by Royston Maldoom in 1986 as the Dundee Rep Dance Company.	Scottish Dance Theatre	1986
inception	Tampa Bay Elite was an American women's soccer team, founded in 2005.	Tampa Bay Elite	2005
inception	The following musicians were, at some point between 1999 and 2002, members of Mujeres Encinta:	Mujeres Encinta	1999
inception	Joliot-Curie Metro Station (Bulgarian: Метростанция ``Жолио Кюри``) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It was put into operation on May 8, 2009.	Joliot-Curie Metro Station	2009
inception	Blackjack Pizza is a Colorado-based pizza delivery chain founded in 1983 by a former Domino's Pizza employee, Vince Schmuhl, because Domino's Pizza was the only major pizza delivery company in the Rocky Mountain region and he thought customers would appreciate an alternative.	Blackjack Pizza	1983
inception	The Central Policy Unit (中央政策組), established in 1989, is responsible for advising the Chief Executive (previously the Governor) of Hong Kong.	Central Policy Unit	1989
inception	Saltsjöbanan was inaugurated on 1 July 1893 and was operated with steam locomotives until 1910 after which the lines were gradually electrified (circa 1 kV DC).	Saltsjöbanan	1 July 1893
inception	Hublot (French pronunciation: ​(yblo)) is a Swiss luxury watchmaker founded in 1980 by Italian Carlo Crocco.	Hublot	1980
inception	Wüsthof knives have been made in Solingen by the family-owned operation since 1814, currently headed by Harald Wüsthof and Viola Wüsthof.	Wüsthof	1814
inception	June Jordan School for Equity was founded in 2003 by Small Schools for Equity (SSE), a non-profit organization formed by a group of teachers, parents, and students who believed that San Francisco needed a new and innovative model of schooling.	June Jordan School for Equity	2003
inception	Research Association of Laozi Taoist Culture or Chinese Research Association of Laozi Taoist Culture (RALTC or CRALTC) is a religious and academic organisation founded in March 2008 in China.	Research Association of Laozi Taoist Culture	2008
inception	Schwegman, Lundberg & Woessner, P.A. (Formerly Schwegman, Lundberg, Woessner & Kluth, P.A.) is an intellectual property law firm founded in December 1993 by six attorneys and associated staff.	Schwegman, Lundberg & Woessner, P.A.	1993
inception	The Mego Corporation was a toy company founded in 1954.	Mego Corporation	1954
inception	The Reuben Foundation was formed in 2002 and is a registered charity under English law.	Reuben Foundation	2002
inception	Okanagan Dirt Riders (ODR Racing) is a Canadian off-road racing series started by George Madarasz in 2002.	Okanagan Dirt Riders	2002
inception	Morning Has Occurred (initiated 2010 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz ensemble.	Morning Has Occurred	2010
inception	The National Agricultural Cooperative Federation (NACF) was established in 1961 to enhance the social and economic status of its membership and to promote a balanced development of the national economy.	National Agricultural Cooperative Federation	1961
inception	Archipelago Sea Naval Command was formed in 1998 by combining the Archipelago Sea Fleet and Turku Coastal Regiment.	Archipelago Sea Naval Command	1998
inception	The Lahore Museum (Punjabi: لاہور میوزیم, Urdu: لاہور عجائب گھر‎), was originally established in 1865-66 on the site of the hall or building of the 1864 Punjab Exhibition and later shifted to its present site located on The Mall, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan in 1894.	Lahore Museum	1865
inception	In September 2005, Stratford, Ontario hosted the Ovation Music Festival, organized by local resident Chris Parson.	Ovation Music Festival	2005
inception	Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Foundation (Arabic: مؤسسة خلف أحمد الحبتور للأعمال الخيرية‎) was launched in January 2013 by Khalaf Al Habtoor, Chairman of the Al Habtoor Group with the mission to improve the lives of people in need within the UAE, in addition to providing aid abroad.	Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Foundation	2013
inception	Steynsrus is s a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa that was founded in 1910 and named after the last president of the Orange Free State, Martinus Theunis Steyn.	Steynsrus	1910
inception	Mansford was formed in 1995 and has invested directly in income producing properties, real estate development projects, indirect investments and managed structured transactions totaling circa £2.1 billion since inception.	Mansford	1995
inception	The Max Myanmar Group of Companies was originally established as Max Myanmar Co., Ltd. in 1993.	Max Myanmar	1993
inception	Stemming from the hacking, biohacking, and DIYbio movements, Genspace has focused (since 2009) on supporting citizen science and public access to biotechnology.	Genspace	2009
inception	The Desert Rose Band is a US country rock band from California founded by Chris Hillman (formerly of the Byrds and the Flying Burrito Brothers) along with Herb Pedersen and John Jorgenson in 1985.	The Desert Rose Band	1985
inception	The Council of Europe Development Bank (French: CEB, Banque de Développement du Conseil de l'Europe) dates from 1956, when the Council of Europe established the Resettlement Fund for National Refugees and Over-Population in Europe as a Partial Agreement.	Council of Europe Development Bank	1956
inception	Chris Eichenseer founded Someoddpilot in 1999, three years after graduating from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign with a BFA in photography.	Someoddpilot	1999
inception	Talen Energy is an independent power producer founded in 2015.	Talen Energy	2015
inception	Michigan Cyber Range was established by Merit Network in the summer of 2012 to teach cybersecurity certification courses and to provide cybersecurity-related services.	Michigan Cyber Range	2012
inception	Arizona International College (AIC) was an American liberal arts college in Tucson, Arizona, that existed from 1996--2005.	Arizona International College	1996
inception	The Huabiao Award for Outstanding Writer was first awarded in 1995.	Huabiao Award for Outstanding Writer	1995
inception	Part of the funding for Canal180 came from the Creative Industries National Award, an award appointed by Unicer and Serralves Foundation, in 2010.	Canal180	2010
inception	The Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA), or Ginnie Mae, was established in the United States in 1968 to promote home ownership.	Government National Mortgage Association	1968
inception	Adventures by Disney's first operating season was in summer of 2005 and featured just two destinations (Wyoming and Hawaii -- both in the USA).	Adventures by Disney	2005
inception	Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart 1893 E. V., commonly known as VfB Stuttgart (German pronunciation: (faʊ̯ ʔɛf beː ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt)), is a German sports club based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg.	VfB Stuttgart	1893
inception	Señorita México was the name of a national beauty pageant in Mexico, celebrated since 1952.	Señorita México	1952
inception	Rexel is a French group founded in 1967, which specializes in the distribution of electrical supplies to professional users.	Rexel	1967
inception	The Narrative is an American independent indie rock band from Long Island, New York, formed in 2007.	The Narrative	2007
inception	Foxboro Hot Tubs is a garage rock side project of Green Day, formed in 2007.	Foxboro Hot Tubs	2007
inception	IAR Systems was founded in 1983, and is listed on NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm.	IAR Systems	1983
inception	Scatterheart is a Vancouver, B. C. (Canada) band formed in 2007.	Scatterheart	2007
inception	TSV Hartberg is an Austrian association football club based in Hartberg, founded in 1946, which is currently playing in the Austrian Regional League Central.	TSV Hartberg	1946
inception	Strahovlje was part of Šemnik until 2008, when it was separated from it and made a separate village.	Strahovlje	2008
inception	Founded in 1997, the Marijuana Reform Party ran a candidate for Governor of New York and other statewide offices in 1998 and 2002.	Marijuana Reform Party	1997
inception	The American Dental Society of Anesthesiology (ADSA) is an American professional association established in 1953 and based in Chicago.	American Dental Society of Anesthesiology	1953
inception	Slick Airways was a cargo airline from the United States, that operated scheduled and chartered flights between 1946 and 1966.	Slick Airways	1946
inception	Arena Flowers'' first website was launched in 2006.	Arena Flowers	2006
inception	Dr. Phillips High School opened in fall of 1987 and was built for approximately 2,500 students in the Dr. Phillips area of southwest Orange County, Florida.	Dr. Phillips High School	1987
inception	The Isogaisa Festival started in 2009 and is an annual festival and in 2014 is celebrating its 5th anniversary.	Isogaisa Festival	2009
inception	The Consortium for Elections and Political Process Strengthening (CEPPS) is a cooperative agreement supervised by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) Office of Democracy and Governance made in 1995.	Consortium for Elections and Political Process Strengthening	1995
inception	Iceburn, known later as the Iceburn Collective, was a musical group formed in 1991 in Salt Lake City, Utah, US, by guitarist/vocalist/composer Gentry Densley, the sole constant member through multiple personnel changes.	Iceburn	1991
inception	Saladworks was founded in 1986 by John Scardapane, who served as the company's CEO until 2015.	Saladworks	1986
inception	Vyshny Volochyok as a settlement was mentioned in chronicles in 1471.	Vyshny Volochyok	1471
inception	CompuBank was founded in 1998 by banking veteran Frank Goldberg and launched on the internet in early October the same year.	CompuBank	1998
inception	DiggyPOD, Inc. was started in 1988 by Laura Alexander and three partners, and was called Quickprint, Inc. In 2001 Tim Simpson bought the business from Laura Alexander and changed the name to DiggyPOD.	DiggyPOD	2001
inception	The Colombo Plan Secretariat, headed by a Secretary-General is located in Colombo, Sri Lanka, since 1951 and functions as the secretariat for the Consultative Committee and the Council.	Colombo Plan	1951
inception	The Union of Democrats and Independents (French: Union des démocrates et indépendants, UDI) is a centrist political party in France founded on 18 September 2012 on the basis of the parliamentary group of the same name.	Union of Democrats and Independents	18 September 2012
inception	The Affiliated New Thought Network, or ANTN, based in Pacific Grove, California, is an organization of New Thought centers across the United States that was founded in 1992.	Affiliated New Thought Network	1992
inception	FC Rubin-2 Kazan (Russian: ФК ``Рубин-2'' Казань) was a Russian association football club from Kazan, founded in 1997.	FC Rubin-2 Kazan	1997
inception	Breaking Benjamin is an American rock band from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, founded in 1999 by lead singer and guitarist Benjamin Burnley and drummer Jeremy Hummel.	Breaking Benjamin	1999
inception	In 1439, Makaryevo-Unzhensky monastery was founded on the territory of the modern town.	Makaryev	1439
inception	Red Feather Development Group was founded in 1994 in Bellevue, Washington, by Robert and Anita Young.	Red Feather Development Group	1994
inception	The Table Tennis World Cup has been held annually since 1980.	Table Tennis World Cup	1980
inception	Scarfo were a British rock band, formed in Andover, England in 1994, by former art college students Jamie Hince (vocals, guitar), Nick Prior (bass), and Al Saunders (drums).	Scarfo	1994
inception	AAON, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation (``AAON-Oklahoma''), was incorporated on August 15, 1988, for the purpose of acquiring the assets, subject to certain liabilities, of the HVAC Division of John Zink Company in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	AAON	1988
inception	The South Asian Regional Trade Union Council was formed in January 1988 by some of the affiliates of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (now the ITUC) in countries belonging to the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC)--	South Asian Regional Trade Union Council	1988
inception	George Piper Dances was founded in 2001 by Michael Nunn and William Trevitt, both dancers with The Royal Ballet.	George Piper Dances	2001
inception	Yeti mountain bikes have been around since 1985 when Yeti Cycles was founded by John Parker.	Yeti Cycles	1985
inception	Charlecote Park was built in 1558 by Sir Thomas Lucy, and Queen Elizabeth I stayed in the room that is now the drawing room.	Charlecote Park	1558
inception	Enerplus Corporation was established in 1986 and is one of Canada's largest independent oil and gas producers offering investors a high yield combined with moderate, profitable growth potential from resource plays across Western Canada and the United States.	Enerplus	1986
inception	The Annapolis Group was first organized in early 1993 in Annapolis, Maryland.	Annapolis Group	1993
inception	FolkEast Festival started in 2012 at Somerleyton Hall, Suffolk.	FolkEast	2012
inception	FEU Institute of Technology formerly known as FEU - East Asia College (FEU-EAC), East Asia College of Information Technology (EACIT) and East Asia Institute of Computer Technology (EAICT), was established in 1992.	FEU Institute of Technology	1992
inception	Founded in 1998 by Martín Perna as ``Conjunto Antibalas'', the group first performed on May 26, 1998, at St. Nicks Pub in Harlem at a poetry night organized by renowned visual artist Xaviera Simmons.	Antibalas	1998
inception	Lydenburg was founded in 1849 by a group of Voortrekkers under the leadership of Andries Potgieter when they abandoned their previous settlement Ohrigstad (to the north) due to a malaria epidemic.	Lydenburg	1849
inception	Founded in 1859, the Missouri Botanical Garden is one of the oldest botanical institutions in the United States and a National Historic Landmark., as well as the National Register of Historic Places.	Missouri Botanical Garden	1859
inception	Miami Fashion Week was started in 1998 and is the world's largest fashion week for Latin American and the Caribbean fashion designers.	Miami Fashion Week	1998
inception	The Kansas City Blades were a professional ice hockey team in the International Hockey League (IHL) from 1990--2001 until the demise of the league after the 2000--01 season.	Kansas City Blades	1990
inception	Cellius (株式会社セリウス Kabushiki-Gaisha Seriusu), located in Shibuya, Tokyo, is a computer game developer founded in 2007 as a venture between Sony and Bandai Namco Holdings.	Cellius	2007
inception	Bury Tomorrow are a five piece British melodic metalcore band formed in 2006 in Southampton, Hampshire, England.	Bury Tomorrow	2006
inception	The Formula Renault 2.0 West European Cup (WEC) was a Formula Renault 2.0 championship that replaced the Championnat de France Formula Renault 2.0 as of 2008, though the series was folded in 2010.	Formula Renault 2.0 West European Cup	2008
inception	The Blue Shadows were a Juno Award-nominated Canadian alt-country band that existed between 1993 and 1996, releasing two albums in Canada on Sony Music.	The Blue Shadows	1993
inception	MCV Bus and Coach is a British manufacturer of bus bodies founded in late 2002 after buying the assets of defunct bus builder Marshall Bus who closed down in the summer of that year.	MCV Bus and Coach	2002
inception	The Iranian Orchestra for New Music was founded by maestro Alireza Mashayekhi in 1995.	Iranian Orchestra for New Music	1995
inception	Beginning on January 2013, the channel was renamed 7'eren, rebranding itself as a channel for youth programming.	7'eren	2013
inception	Bayburt University was founded under the city name as a new university in Bayburt, 2008.	Bayburt University	2008
inception	National Theatre Wales is the English language national theatre company of Wales, founded by a community of theatre makers and practitioners in May 2009, with the launch of an online community social network web site.	National Theatre Wales	May 2009
inception	The band was renamed to Hyubris, in 2001, when Filipa Mota joined in for the vocals, and where they started to play continuously, without any hiatus.	Hyubris	2001
inception	In 1990, they issued their first single, ``Deputy of Love'', as a 12`` three-track under the name, Ground Level featuring D J Walker, on an independent label.	Ground Level	1990
inception	The Pepsi Music Festival is a major Argentine music festival, held annually since 2003.	Pepsi Music Festival	2003
inception	Banca Commerciale Italiana (COMIT), founded in 1894, was once one of the largest banks in Italy.	Banca Commerciale Italiana	1894
inception	The RSS Advisory Board is a group founded in July 2003 that publishes the RSS 0.9, RSS 0.91 and RSS 2.0 specifications and helps developers create RSS applications.	RSS Advisory Board	2003
inception	In May 2014, KOP Limited was listed on the Singapore Exchange Catalist board listing following a reverse takeover of Scorpio East by KOP Properties.	KOP Limited	2014
inception	Dreadzone was formed in London, England in 1993 when ex-Big Audio Dynamite drummer Greg Roberts, teamed up with Tim Bran, who had previously worked as a musician and sound engineer for Julian Cope.	Dreadzone	1993
inception	The first Waffle House opened on Labor Day weekend in 1955 at 2719 East College Avenue in Avondale Estates, Georgia.	Waffle House	1955
inception	FEMNET, also called the African Women's Development and Communication Network, is an organization established in 1988 to promote women's development in Africa.	FEMNET	1988
inception	The Olympus E-330 is a DSLR launched on 30 January 2006, using the Four Thirds System lens mount standard.	Olympus E-330	2006
inception	Meow Mix was introduced in 1974 and sells many flavors too.	Meow Mix	1974
inception	25 January 2002 Board of Directors of RAO UES of Russia ``decided on the establishment of OAO'' Federal Grid Company of Unified Energy System ``(OAO'' FGC UES ``).	FGC UES	2002
inception	Rodeo FX was founded in 2006 in Montreal, Canada by Sébastien Moreau and started producing visual effects for feature films in 2007.	Rodeo FX	2006
inception	Humansdorp was founded in 1849, and was named after Johannes Jurie Human and Matthys Gerhardus Human, who were joint founders of the Dutch Reformed Church congregation there.	Humansdorp	1849
inception	St. Timothy's Co-op was founded on September 1, 2006 with full support of the Diocese of Pittsburgh including Bishops Robert Duncan and Henry Scriven.	St. Timothy's Co-op	2006
inception	The station is owned by J. & J. Fritz Media, Ltd. The station was assigned the call letters KNAF-FM on August 26, 1996.	KNAF-FM	1996
inception	In late 2007 Jani Stefanovic formed Solution .45, with Christian Älvestam (who had left Scar Symmetry in 2008) joining as one of its last members.	Solution .45	2008
inception	Youves are a dance-punk quintet from Nuneaton, England, formed in 2003.	Youves	2003
inception	Textron Aviation is the general aviation business unit of the American Textron group formed in March 2014 following the acquisition of Beech Holdings which included the Beechcraft and Hawker aircraft businesses.	Textron Aviation	2014
inception	Willamette Week (WW) is an alternative weekly newspaper and a website published in Portland, Oregon, United States, since 1974.	Willamette Week	1974
inception	FC Vityaz Krymsk (Russian: ФК ``Витязь'' Крымск) was a Russian football club from Krymsk, Krasnodar Krai, founded in 1994.	FC Vityaz Krymsk	1994
inception	Melior Discovery was co-founded in 2005 by Dr. Andrew Reaume (President and CEO) and Dr. Michael Saporito (Vice President of Research).	Melior Discovery	2005
inception	The Saola Working Group SWG is a working group of the IUCN Species Survival Commission's Asian Wild Cattle Specialist Group, created in 2006 to protect the saolas (Pseudoryx nghetinhensis) and their habitat.	Saola Working Group	2006
inception	26th U-boat Flotilla (``26. Unterseebootsflottille'') was a training flotilla (``Ausbildungsflottille '') of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The flotilla was formed at Pillau in April 1941 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Hans-Gerrit von Stockhausen.	26th U-boat Flotilla	1941
inception	Established in Ogden, Utah, United States on May 6, 1993 International Armoring Corporation uses light weight synthetic armor laminates called Armormax (a material designed and developed by IAC).	International Armoring Corporation	1993
inception	By the time FIDS was renamed British Antarctic Survey in 1962, 19 stations and three refuges had been established.	British Antarctic Survey	1962
inception	The pre-2001 GeoTrust was focused on the B to B exchange market which never materialized.	GeoTrust	2001
inception	The Terra Ronca State Park was created by decree nr. 10,879 of 7 July 1989 and had its area and boundaries established by decree nr. 4,700 of 21 August 1996, covering the municipality of São Domingos.	Terra Ronca State Park	1989
inception	Danger Danger is an American hard rock band, formed in 1987 in Queens, New York.	Danger Danger	1987
inception	In 2002, Cdigix launched the music subscription service Ctrax as a response to the widespread illicit file sharing on college campuses.	Cdigix	2002
inception	Ivy Queen Musa Sound Corporation (formerly known as Filtro Musik and later Drama Records) is an multi-genre record label founded by Ivy Queen and José Guadalupe in San Juan, Puerto Rico in 2005 with the release of Ivy Queen's fifth studio album Flashback.	Ivy Queen Musa Sound Corporation	2005
inception	The Donut King chain was founded in 1981 in Sydney, and is currently managed, under license, by the Gold Coast-based Retail Food Group Limited.	Donut King	1981
inception	Gyeonggi Snack Company is a Korean food company established in 2004 and headquartered in Paju Gyeonggi-do, Korea.	Gyeonggi Snack Company	2004
inception	More Protein is a record label started by Boy George and Jeremy Healy in 1989.	More Protein	1989
inception	InterConsult Bulgaria (ICB) is a Bulgarian software and consulting company established in 1996.	InterConsult Bulgaria	1996
inception	Ashley-Famous was a talent agency started in 1951 by talent agent Ted Ashley.	Ashley-Famous	1951
inception	The Charity Foundation for Special Diseases, as a public and NGO entity, started its activities on May 1995 with the support of H.E. Hashemi Rafsanjani and Dr. Fatemeh Rafsanjani as well as other men of righteous.	Charity Foundation for Special Diseases	1995
inception	Sewer Trout was an American punk rock band, formed in Sacramento, California in 1985.	Sewer Trout	1985
inception	Gardenian is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Gothenburg that formed in 1996 and disbanded in 2004 but reunited in 2012.	Gardenian	1996
inception	The Narcotics Control Bureau was created on 17 March 1986 to enable the full implementation of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 and fight its violation through the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1988.	Narcotics Control Bureau	1986
inception	Desert Hot Springs High School opened on September 7, 1999, with an initial enrollment of 642.	Desert Hot Springs High School	1999
inception	Sohag University became an independent university in 2006.	Sohag University	2006
inception	The Fatima Family Apostolate (FFA) is a U.S.-based Roman Catholic Apostolate with headquarters in Hanceville, Alabama, founded in 1986 by Fr. Robert J. Fox and named after Our Lady of Fátima.	Fatima Family Apostolate	1986
inception	Dubai Press Club (Arabic: نادي دبي للصحافة) is an association for journalists and media professionals founded in November 1999 by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and is based in Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Press Club	November 1999
inception	Polish Humanitarian Action was established on 12 December 1992, initially as the EquiLibre Foundation, and from December 1994 under its present name.	Polish Humanitarian Action	1994
inception	Kent Fine Art is an art gallery in New York City founded in 1985 by Douglas Walla.	Kent Fine Art	1985
inception	Launched in 2003, NauticExpo is the Virtual Boat and Marine Show.	NauticExpo	2003
inception	Datadog was founded in 2010 by Olivier Pomel, former VP of technology at Wireless Generation, and Alexis Lê-Quôc, former director of operations at Wireless Generation.	Datadog	2010
inception	Glen Garioch distillery (pronounced ``Geery'' in the Doric dialect of Aberdeen), is one of the oldest whisky distilleries in Scotland, dating back to 1797.	Glen Garioch distillery	1797
inception	Pacific Lutheran High School was known as South Bay Lutheran High School from 1997 until 2003, when it separated from its sister campus and gained its own standing as an individual school.	Pacific Lutheran High School	1997
inception	The Goodwood Saints Football Club was established in 1985 with the amalgamation of Goodwood Football Club and St. Raphaels Football Club.	Goodwood Saints Football Club	1985
inception	The Calgary Inferno (formerly known as Team Alberta, nickname ``Honeybadgers'', during the 2011-12 season) is a women's ice hockey team that joined the Canadian Women's Hockey League for the 2011-12 season.	Calgary Inferno	2011
inception	Alien Ant Farm is an American rock band that formed in Riverside, California, United States, in 1996.	Alien Ant Farm	1996
inception	The American Bible Society (ABS) is an interconfessional, non-denominational, nonprofit organization, founded on May 11, 1816 in New York City, which publishes, distributes and translates the Bible and provides study aids and other tools to help people engage with the Bible.	American Bible Society	1816
inception	The Causey Way was a punk/new wave group formed in 1997 in which the underlying theme was that of a cult operating as a band (with T-shirts coyly stating ``The Causey Way Is Not A Cult'').	The Causey Way	1997
inception	Since 1951, Island Savings has served communities on Vancouver Island and Gulf Islands.	Island Savings	1951
inception	Circles End is a Norwegian progressive rock band who started up in 1994 as a cover band named Venture.	Circles End	1994
inception	As a consequence of this the three municipalities Altenbauna, Altenritte and Kirchbauna fused into Baunatal on 1 January 1964.	Baunatal	1964
inception	The Scottish Yeomanry (SCOTS YEO) was a Yeomanry Regiment of the British Territorial Army formed in 1992.	Scottish Yeomanry	1992
inception	Hunnu Air (Mongolian: Хүннү Эйр) is a Mongolian domestic airline that began scheduled flights in 2011.	Hunnu Air	2011
inception	Wassmer was a French specialized woodworking company formed by Bernard Wassmer in 1905.	Wassmer	1905
inception	As the population of L'Amoreaux grew and needing a separate high school in that area, Mary Ward Catholic Secondary School was founded January 23, 1985, during the 400th anniversary of Mary Ward's birth as a conventional high school in northeast Toronto under the leadership of the first principal, Mary Anne O'Leary with 200 students.	Mary Ward Catholic Secondary School	1985
inception	The Eternal Gandhi Multimedia Museum is a digital multimedia museum established in 2005.	Eternal Gandhi Multimedia Museum	2005
inception	Although it takes on the abbreviation of Japanese Tetris developer and publisher Bullet-Proof Software, Inc., Blue Planet Software is a separate company founded by Henk Rogers in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1996.	Blue Planet Software	1996
inception	The company was created on 25 June 2008 as an extension of the original National Preservation forum, which began on 10 March 2005, and has since moved to its own server.	National Preservation	2008
inception	The Bolivarian University of Chile (Spanish: Universidad Bolivariana de Chile) is a Chilean university established in 1987.	Bolivarian University of Chile	1987
inception	The Ideas Festival was established in 2001 to present ideas, promote public debate, and to foster and celebrate innovation in Queensland, Australia.	Ideas Festival	2001
inception	On December 1, 1994, Luis Teófilo Núñez Arismendi, Guillermo Zuloaga Núñez, Nelson Mezerhane Gosen, and Alberto Federico Ravell Arreaza, inaugurated Globovisión, channel 33, the first 24-hour news network in Venezuela to broadcast over-the-air.	Globovisión	1994
inception	Terrible Things is an alternative rock band initially formed in 2009 by Fred Mascherino, formerly of Taking Back Sunday, Andy Jackson of Hot Rod Circuit, and Josh Eppard, from Coheed and Cambria.	Terrible Things	2009
inception	The Blockbuster Entertainment Awards was a film awards ceremony, founded by Blockbuster Inc., that ran from 1995 until 2001.	Blockbuster Entertainment Awards	1995
inception	Gambia International Airlines was established on 23 January 1996 and started operations (originally only ground handling) on 1 March of the same year.	Gambia International Airlines	1996
inception	Yottaa was founded in 2009 in Boston by Coach Wei, a Tsinghua University, and MIT alumnus, and Robert Buffone who studied applied mathematics at SUNY Brockport.	Yottaa	2009
inception	International Society of Skin Pharmacology and Physiology(ISP) is an international organization founded in Basel in 2003 to provide an interdisciplinary forum for discussion and presentation of advances in skin-related topics.	International Society of Skin Pharmacology and Physiology	2003
inception	Starship Children's Health, opened in 1991, is one of the first purpose-built children's hospitals in New Zealand, and the largest such facility in the country.	Starship Children's Health	1991
inception	In November 2004 NHS Employers was formed, and became the body that negotiates healthcare staff contracts on behalf of the government.	NHS Employers	November 2004
inception	South Louisiana Community College (SLCC) was established in 1997 to provide academic and vocational training to the people of the Lafayette, Acadia, Evangeline, St. Landry, St. Martin, Vermilion, and St. Mary parishes.	South Louisiana Community College	1997
inception	When India became a republic on 26 January 1950, the Royal prefix was dropped and the name Indian Navy was officially adopted.	Indian Navy	26 January 1950
inception	Traidcraft is a UK-based Fairtrade organisation, established in 1979.	Traidcraft	1979
inception	The International Endowment for Democracy, or IED, is a U.S. non-profit organization founded in 2006 to help people bring back democracy in the USA.	International Endowment for Democracy	2006
inception	Einherjer is a Viking metal band from Haugesund, Norway, founded in 1993.	Einherjer	1993
inception	The Nazarbayev Center was established by a Decree of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan on January 23, 2012 as a multifunctional research and educational public institution The Nazarbayev Center is dedicated to advancing research and broadening the information available on the history of statehood of Kazakhstan.	Nazarbayev Center	2012
inception	The second Sherbrooke Castors team (1998-2003), originally the Trois-Rivières Draveurs, franchise moved to Sherbrooke in 1992 as the Sherbrooke Faucons (``Falcons'').	Sherbrooke Castors	1998
inception	Founded in 2009, Green Charge Networks (GCN) focuses on helping businesses and institutions reduce peak demand charges through a combination of predictive software and battery hardware the company calls ``power efficiency.''	Green Charge Networks	2009
inception	Somontano is a Spanish Denominación de Origen (DO) for wines, created in 1984, and located in the county of the same name, in the province of Huesca, (Aragon).	Somontano	1984
inception	TV Barrandov is a Czech television channel, launched in 2009.	TV Barrandov	2009
inception	The EriAm Sisters became known after their appearance on America's Got Talent 2009.	EriAm Sisters	2009
inception	Guiyang Symphony Orchestra (Chinese: 贵阳交响乐团; pinyin: Guìyáng jiāoxiǎng yuètuán, abbreviated GYSO) is an orchestra founded in Guiyang, Guizhou province, China on February 19, 2009, Its inaugural concert was held on September 19, 2009 conducted by artistic directors Chen Zuohuang and Li Xincao.	Guiyang Symphony Orchestra	2009
inception	Founded in 1984, Bio-Synthesis, Inc. was known as OCS Laboratories and was one of the first companies providing commercially available synthetic oligonucleotides to the biomedical research community worldwide.	Bio-Synthesis, Inc.	1984
inception	Since the establishment and successful launch of Chilsung Cider, a lemon-lime soft drink, in 1950, Lotte Chilsung Beverage has been continuously developing and launching the highest quality products in carbonated drinks, juices, coffee, tea, and water.	Lotte Chilsung	1950
inception	Cnova N.V. is an e-commerce company, founded in June 2014.	Cnova	2014
inception	Household Records (initiated 2002 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian record label started by Petter Wettre to release his music.	Household Records	2002
inception	KTAO's transmitter was in the town of Taos prior to 1991.	KTAO	1991
inception	AutoNavi Software Co., Ltd. (高德软件有限公司) is a corporation of web mapping content and navigation, and location-based solutions (LBS) in China, which was founded in 2001.	AutoNavi	2001
inception	The Almonte Thunder were granted expansion into the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League in 2009.	Almonte Thunder	2009
inception	In 1981, Norma Editorial absorbed magazines from Riego Ediciones;	Norma Editorial	1981
inception	Dazzle Dreams is a Ukrainian electronic band formed in 2006 in Kyiv.	Dazzle Dreams	2006
inception	The first How Do You Roll? location opened its doors in October, 2008 and the company began franchising in early 2010.	How Do You Roll?	2008
inception	It was established in 1972 as the 'European regional group of the IMC' and was renamed the European Music Council in 1992.	European Music Council	1972
inception	Clare Hall Boat Club is the youngest (founded 1995) and one of the smallest boat clubs at Cambridge.	Clare Hall Boat Club	1995
inception	Phantagram was founded 1994 by a group of teenagers.	Phantagram	1994
inception	Operation Sangaris is a military intervention of the French military in the Central African Republic, ongoing since the 5th of December 2013.	Operation Sangaris	2013
inception	The party was relaunched as the ``English Democrats'' in September 2002, after merging with several other smaller political parties.	English Democrats	2002
inception	The Reich Party of the German Middle Class (German: Reichspartei des deutschen Mittelstandes), known from 1920-25 as the Economic Party of the German Middle Classes (German: Wirtschaftspartei des deutschen Mittelstandes), was a conservative German political party during the Weimar Republic.	Reich Party of the German Middle Class	1920
inception	Motherhead Bug was a rock music group founded in 1989 in New York City by singer and trombone player David Ouimet and bass guitarist Tony Lee.	Motherhead Bug	1989
inception	Krones' corporate evolution is closely connected to the socioeconomic conditions prevalent in Germany following World War II. Hermann Kronseder, the father of the present-day executive board chairman, used his own designs to manufacture semi-automatic labellers starting with 1951.	Krones	1951
inception	V&S Group (V&S Vin & Sprit AB), founded in 1917, is an international producer and distributor of alcoholic beverages.	V&S Group	1917
inception	Icarus Publishing is an American comic book publisher established in 2002.	Icarus Publishing	2002
inception	The American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology (ABPN) is a nonprofit corporation that was founded in 1934 following conferences of committees appointed by the American Psychiatric Association, the American Neurological Association, and the then Section on Nervous and Mental Diseases of the American Medical Association.	American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology	1934
inception	Kansas City Life Insurance Company is a public insurance company established in 1895 and located in Kansas City, Missouri.	Kansas City Life Insurance Company	1895
inception	The MTV Russia Movie Awards (Before 2009 MTV Movie Awards Russia (Russian: Кинонаграды MTV Россия)) made its debut in 2006 and have celebrated local Russian movies as well as International.	MTV Russia Movie Awards	2006
inception	It was founded on 1 January 2014 from former municipalities of Massa Fiscaglia, Migliarino and Migliaro.	Fiscaglia	1 January 2014
inception	Jump, Little Children is a band formed in 1991 in the city of Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Jump, Little Children	1991
inception	Chiang Mai University (CMU) (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยเชียงใหม่) is a public research university in northern Thailand founded in 1964.	Chiang Mai University	1964
inception	In 2003, the Chicago Park District awarded a 20-year contract to run the Park Grill to a partnership, including several of Mayor Richard M. Daley's friends and neighbors.	Park Grill	2003
inception	Day26 is an American male R&B music group formed in August 2007 by Sean ``Diddy'' Combs in a handpicked selection at the end of MTV's Making the Band 4.	Day26	2007
inception	The Chautauqua Prize is an annual American literary award established by the Chautauqua Institution in 2012.	Chautauqua Prize	2012
inception	The Hazards Forum, founded in 1989, is an independent, non-profit, non-governmental, professional association promoting the study of disasters (and resulting learning), public understanding of risk and of risk reduction strategies.	Hazards Forum	1989
inception	Oxitec was started in 2002 by Oxford University's Isis Innovation technology transfer company.	Oxitec	2002
inception	Mozdok was established in 1763 as a Russian fort at the site of a Kabardian village founded four years earlier, settling the families of the Volga Cossacks in stanitsas around it.	Mozdok	1763
inception	Quixey was co-founded in 2009 by CEO Tomer Kagan and CTO Liron Shapira.	Quixey	2009
inception	Since 2009 the association provides education for all under the shelter of the Autonomous School Zurich.	Autonomous School Zurich	2009
inception	The Crail Golfing Society is a Scottish golf club established in February 1786 in the Golf Hotel, Crail, Fife.	Crail Golfing Society	1786
inception	Toodyay Community Radio was established in 2010 under the name Toodyay Community Radio Inc. Assoc. It is a volunteer run organisation and is listener funded.	Toodyay Community Radio	2010
inception	Owned by Vamplew Electronics, CHEE-FM received approval by the CRTC on February 17, 1999.	CHEE-FM	1999
inception	The Soviettes are a punk rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota, founded in 2001.	The Soviettes	2001
inception	Hosfelt Gallery in San Francisco, California was founded in 1996 by Todd Hosfelt to exhibit contemporary international artists working in all media.	Hosfelt Gallery	1996
inception	Furtherfield was founded in Harringay London in 1996 by artist-theorists Ruth Catlow and Marc Garrett.	Furtherfield	1996
inception	Katz Broadcasting, LLC was founded on February 3, 2014 by Jonathan Katz, who serves as chief operating officer of Bounce TV and formerly served as an executive at the Turner Broadcasting System.	Katz Broadcasting	2014
inception	Fjällräven was founded in 1960 by Åke Nordin (1936--2013).	Fjällräven	1960
inception	White, together with Lance Ivy and Marcus Nelson, launched UserVoice in February 2008.	UserVoice	2008
inception	Founded in 1939, Citizens Advice Edinburgh is a member of the Scottish Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux (SACAB), and provides free, confidential, independent and impartial advice to Edinburgh residents.	Citizens Advice Edinburgh	1939
inception	Civil Civic are an instrumental post-punk/electronic rock band consisting of two Australian musicians, Aaron Cupples (guitar, synth) and Benjamin Green (bass, synth), formed in 2009.	Civil Civic	2009
inception	Nothing Real L.L.C, a company founded in October 1996 by Allen Edwards and Arnaud Hervas, developed high-end digital effects software for the feature film, broadcast and interactive gaming industries.	Nothing Real	1996
inception	Oaklands College is a further education college in Hertfordshire, England in the United Kingdom, established in 1991.	Oaklands College	1991
inception	After the second world war Vestas was founded in 1945 by his son Peder Hansen as ``Vestjysk Stålteknik A/S'' (West-Jutlandish steel technology).	Vestas	1945
inception	The Federation of Clinical Immunology Societies (FOCIS) was initially established as a cross-disciplinary meeting, holding its first Annual Meeting in 2001.	Federation of Clinical Immunology Societies	2001
inception	Revolution Renaissance was a multinational power metal band founded by guitarist Timo Tolkki after he left Stratovarius in 2008.	Revolution Renaissance	2008
inception	In 1987, the Committee determined that a more comprehensive approach was necessary and created the National Alliance to End Homelessness.	National Alliance to End Homelessness	1987
inception	ComicsOne Corp. was an American distributor of Asian Comics (manga, manhwa, and manhua), established in 1999.	ComicsOne	1999
inception	In 1998, Wellington Partners closed its first fund, Wellington Partners I. Two years later, the firm closed its second fund on €210 million.	Wellington Partners	1998
inception	The Multiple Sclerosis Trust (MS Trust) is an independent, national UK charity that was established in 1993.	Multiple Sclerosis Trust	1993
inception	PTN Publishing itself would be acquired for a reported $98 million as the final piece in the creation of Cygnus Business Media in 1997.	Cygnus Business Media	1997
inception	In April 2012, Curb Records announced the re-launch of Sidewalk Records with country singer Heidi Newfield as the flagship artist.	Sidewalk Records	2012
inception	Ulver (Norwegian for ``wolves'') are a Norwegian experimental musical collective founded in 1993, by vocalist Kristoffer Rygg.	Ulver	1993
inception	Civic Exchange is an independent Hong Kong-based public policy think tank that was established in September 2000.	Civic Exchange	September 2000
inception	The new centre began trading in 1994 under the new name Sunshine Plaza.	Sunshine Plaza	1994
inception	The Ukrainian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church (UOGCC) is an Eastern Christian religious movement established in 2009 and based in Pidhirtsi in Ukraine.	Ukrainian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church	2009
inception	The Navy Fleet Marine Force Ribbon is a decoration of the United States Navy established in 1984 by Secretary of the Navy John F. Lehman, Jr. It was awarded to eligible Navy personnel serving with the Marines between 1984 and 2006.	Fleet Marine Force Ribbon	1984
inception	VDL Berkhof is a Netherlands-based bus and coach builder, founded in 1970 by Arthur Berkhof and his son Henk.	VDL Berkhof	1970
inception	Founded by Caspar Zyli in 1741, the company was renamed Wegelin & Co. in 1893.	Wegelin & Co.	1741
inception	Artaria & Co. was founded as a publishing house for art and maps by Carlo Artaria (1747--1808) in 1770 in Vienna, then the capital of the Habsburg Monarchy.	Artaria	1770
inception	The Facilities Society was founded in the UK on 9 December 2008 as a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee (registered in England nr. 6769050).	The Facilities Society	2008
inception	The Open Web Foundation was announced July 24, 2008 at the O'Reilly Open Source Convention (OSCON).	Open Web Foundation	2008
inception	Sindh Awami Ittehad (Urdu: سندھ عوامي اتحاد‎), (Sindhi: سنڌ عوامي اتحاد‎) was a political party established in 2012 by Liaquat Ali Jatoi in Sindh, Pakistan.	Sindh Awami Ittehad	2012
inception	Jill Milan launched the brand in 2011 with a line of handbags.	Jill Milan	2011
inception	Subsea 7, Inc. was the result of a series of mergers between DSND Offshore AS, Halliburton Subsea, Subsea Offshore and Rockwater over an extended period, with Rockwater and SubSea merging in 1999 to form Halliburton Subsea, and the resulting company merging with DSND in 2002 to form Subsea.	Subsea 7	2002
inception	Public Mobile is a self-serve, prepaid Canadian mobile brand launched on March 18, 2010 and acquired by Telus in October 2013.	Public Mobile	2010
inception	Freeserve was a British Internet Service Provider, founded in 1998.	Freeserve	1998
inception	Sikkim University (Nepali : सिक्किम विश्वविद्यालय) is a central university established under an Act of Parliament of India (THE SIKKIM UNIVERSITY ACT, 2006 (No. 10 of 2007)).	Sikkim University	2006
inception	Founded by producers/writers Cheryl Wagner, the creator of The Big Comfy Couch and Harmony Wagner in March 2010, Periscope Pictures creates screen-based entertainment.	Periscope Pictures	2010
inception	The British School at Rome (BSR) was established in 1901 and granted a UK Royal Charter in 1912.	British School at Rome	1901
inception	The Association of the Scientific Medical Societies in Germany (AWMF), established in 1962 and located in Frankfurt am Main (office at Düsseldorf), is the umbrella organisation of the more the 150 German medical societies.	Association of the Scientific Medical Societies in Germany	1962
inception	Zamil Industrial was formed in 1998 by merging flagship companies which were previously fully owned by their parent company, Zamil Group Holding Company.	Zamil Industrial	1998
inception	Sonic Vista Music is an independent English record label, founded in Kingston upon Hull in 2005, notable for having business connections in Japan and Canada.	Sonic Vista Music	2005
inception	Sputnik Engineering AG has been working in the field of solar energy since 1991 and is one of the pioneers for the industry that invented, among others, the first transformer-less inverter in 1994.	Sputnik Engineering	1991
inception	My Head was a grunge/alternative rock power trio from Los Angeles, California, United States formed in 1993 by singer-songwriter and guitarist Adam Siegel and drummer Greg Saenz.	My Head	1993
inception	A'Salt Creek Roller Girls (ACRG) is a player owned and operated flat track roller derby league in Casper, Wyoming, founded in December 2009.	A'Salt Creek Roller Girls	2009
inception	Jijiga University was established in 2005 with 714 students, expanding to take in c. 1,500 students in 2008, and c. 2,800 in 2009.	Jijiga University	2005
inception	In January 1995, the Rail Management and Consulting Corporation acquired the property and transferred it to the new Western Kentucky Railway.	Western Kentucky Railway	1995
inception	Benton & Bowles (B&B) was a New York-based advertising agency founded by William Benton and Chester Bowles in 1929.	Benton & Bowles	1929
inception	Pariyaram Medical College was established in March 1993 at Pariyaram in Kannur district, Kerala state, South India.	Pariyaram Medical College	1993
inception	Fang Island began in 2005 as an art project with original members, Philip Curcuru, Chris Georges, and Pete Watts, while attending Rhode Island School of Design.	Fang Island	2005
inception	The Bharatiya Jana Sangh (abbrv. BJS), commonly known as the Jan Sangh, was an Indian nationalist political party that existed from 1951 to 1977 and was the political arm of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a Hindu right-wing organisation.	Bharatiya Jana Sangh	1951
inception	In 2001 Bergen Hull Club and UNITAS merged to create Norwegian Hull Club.	Norwegian Hull Club	2001
inception	In 1993, this line was reopened to passenger traffic as part of the new Robin Hood Line, and, on 24 May 1994, the station reopened under its original name, the other Bulwell stations having closed in the meantime.	Bulwell station	1994
inception	China Daily was established in June 1981 and has the widest print circulation of any English-language newspaper in China (over 200,000 copies per issue, of which a third are abroad).	China Daily	June 1981
inception	Camp Quest UK was started by Stein and a group of volunteers in 2008, supported by a grant from the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science, and hosted its first camp in 2009 in Somerset for children aged 8-17.	Camp Quest UK	2008
inception	The Phalang Chon Party (Thai: พรรคพลังชล, Phak Phalang Chon) is a political party in Thailand founded in 2011.	Phalang Chon Party	2011
inception	Formed in November 2002, The Favours appeared on the UK music scene in 2003 with a series of gigs, followed up by self-released album Magpies Revenge in the summer of 2004.	The Favours	2002
inception	The Busters are a German third wave ska revival band, established as a side project in 1987.	The Busters	1987
inception	UUNET, founded in 1987, was one of the largest Internet service providers and one of the early Tier 1 networks.	UUNET	1987
inception	Brown Bayley Steels was a steel-making company established in Sheffield, England in 1871, as Brown, Bayley & Dixon.	Brown Bayley Steels	1871
inception	The White Dacha was built in 1898 following Chekhov's success with The Seagull.	White Dacha	1898
inception	GP Basic (Korean: 지피 베이직) was a South Korean girl group who debuted on August 15, 2010.	GP Basic	2010
inception	The New Battlefront Foundation was founded in 2010 by Ryan Cleckner, a current law student and former United States Army Ranger, Sniper, and combat veteran dedicated to raising veterans' issues awareness who was featured as one of the ``Dozen Who Make a Difference'' by the Connecticut Law Tribune.	New Battlefront Foundation	2010
inception	Wild Choir was an American country music band, originally formed in 1985 and founded by country artist Gail Davies and her guitarist Pete Pendras.	Wild Choir	1985
inception	It was established in 2006 by Wojciech Szczurek, mayor of Gdynia ``The idea of Gdynia Literary Prize is to honour unique achievements of contemporary Polish authors which shall determine a strong and also permanent impulse to further intensify activities in literature and art in its broad meaning.''	Gdynia Literary Prize	2006
inception	Lillix (/ˈlɪlɪks/) is a pop/rock band from Cranbrook, British Columbia, Canada, formed under the name Tigerlily in 1997 when the early members were in high school.	Lillix	1997
inception	CFL USA all-time records and statistics This list combines the statistics and records of the seven CFL American teams from 1993 to 1995:	CFL USA all-time records and statistics	1993
inception	SNR Denton was formed through the merger of the UK-based Denton Wilde Sapte LLP and the US-based Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP in September 2010.	SNR Denton	2010
inception	The Christianaires was an American black gospel music group from Detroit, Michigan, they were active from 1989 until 2004.	The Christianaires	1989
inception	Remington Rand (1927--1955) was an early American business machines manufacturer, best known originally as a typewriter manufacturer and in a later incarnation as the manufacturer of the UNIVAC line of mainframe computer.	Remington Rand	1927
inception	Mega Gem - Demo (2011) - Self released	Mega Gem	2011
inception	Pale Saints were a British alternative rock band formed in 1987 by Ian Masters (bass/vocals), Graeme Naysmith (guitar), and Chris Cooper (drums) in Leeds, England.	Pale Saints	1987
inception	The Colonial Promenade Alabaster is a lifestyle center that opened in 2005 and is located in Alabaster, Alabama, United States.	Colonial Promenade Alabaster	2005
inception	The channel was launched on January 1, 1995 as Canal D.	Canal D	1995
inception	Fox Sports South was originally launched on August 29, 1990 as SportSouth, under the ownership of the Turner Broadcasting System, in conjunction with business partners Tele-Communications Inc. (TCI) and Scripps-Howard Broadcasting.	Fox Sports South	1990
inception	The Professional Inline Hockey Association Pro Division originated in 2002 with eight American teams, and through a sequence of team expansions, reductions, and relocations, the PIHA currently consists of 15 teams, all of which are based in the United States.	Professional Inline Hockey Association Pro Division	2002
inception	The Milwaukee Blitzdkrieg, founded in 2009, are the first all-men's roller derby league established in Wisconsin.	Milwaukee Blitzdkrieg	2009
inception	LuxConnect is a private company created under the initiative of the Luxembourg government in 2006.	LuxConnect	2006
inception	The MP3 Party was a British political party founded in 2002 that promised to ``delete one regulation per day, one law per week, one subsidy per month and one tax per year''.	MP3 Party	2002
inception	Established in 1944, the RMIT University Student Union or RUSU, is the peak representative body for all students enrolled at RMIT University.	RMIT University Student Union	1944
inception	The National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA) was formed on February 18, 1890 to work for women's suffrage in the United States.	National American Woman Suffrage Association	1890
inception	The Great North Open was the final name of a European Tour golf tournament which was played at Slaley Hall, a country house golf resort in Northumberland in North East England, six years out of seven between 1996 and 2002.	Great North Open	1996
inception	As a company, Veidekke was founded 6 February 1936 by Nico S. Beer and Gustav Piene.	Veidekke	1936
inception	In March 1998, an overall makeover was initiated and completed with the official opening on 31 October 1998 as Beitou Hot Spring Museum.	Beitou Hot Spring Museum	1998
inception	The Resolution Foundation was founded by entrepreneur Clive Cowdery in 2005.	Resolution Foundation	2005
inception	The Yilishen Tianxi Group (Chinese: 蚁力神天玺集团; pinyin: Yǐ Lì Shén Tiān Xǐ Jí Tuán) was a Chinese company established in 1999 which sold traditional Chinese medicine products made from ants.	Yilishen Tianxi Group	1999
inception	Democrat Turkey Party (Turkish: Democrat Türkiye Partisi, DTP) is a former political party in Turkey, The party was founded by a group of MPs issued from the True Path Party on 7 January 1997.	Democrat Turkey Party	1997
inception	In July 2011, Young Buffalo released the ``Young Von Prettylips EP'' on Cantora Records, an American label noted for signing the then-unknown psychedelic rock band MGMT for their second EP, Time to Pretend EP.	Young Buffalo	2011
inception	Kalisz Department (Polish: departament kaliski) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Polish Duchy of Warsaw in years 1807--1815.	Kalisz Department	1807
inception	The school was renamed to Heywood Community High School 31 August 1990.	Heywood Community High School	1990
inception	The project's Scientific Director Michela Magas of Stromatolite launched the first Music Tech Fest event in London 2012 as a way to bring academics and practitioners together.	Music Tech Fest	2012
inception	Mammoth Cave Recording Co. was a Canadian independent record label, active from 2009 to 2015.	Mammoth Cave Recording Co.	2009
inception	The Northern Indian Medical & Dental Association of Canada, more commonly known as NIMDAC was officially registered in the year 1993 as a non-profit organization in Canada.	Northern Indian Medical & Dental Association of Canada	1993
inception	Innisfail State College is a combined secondary school and TAFE facility which opened in 2010, replacing Innisfail State High School and the Innisfail TAFE in Innisfail, Queensland.	Innisfail State College	2010
inception	Originally named ``Dallasmore'', the Dallas Dhu distillery was built in 1898 by Alexander Edward of the Sanquhar estate outside Forres.	Dallas Dhu distillery	1898
inception	Madeleine Hutin, taking the name Little Sister Magdeleine of Jesus, founded the Little Sisters of Jesus on 8 September 1939, in Touggourt, Algeria, following the path marked out by Charles de Foucauld (also known as Father de Foucauld or Brother Charles of Jesus).	Little Sisters of Jesus	1939
inception	A Young Archer is an oil painting, painted about 1640 by the Dutch Golden Age artist Govaert Flinck.	A Young Archer	1640
inception	Zaporizhia State Engineering Academy was founded in 1959 by the Ministry of Higher Education of USSR as the evening faculty of Dnepropetrovsk Metallurgical Institute.	Zaporizhia State Engineering Academy	1959
inception	In 1294, the bishop loses most of his previous rights, and from now on Speyer is a Free Imperial Town of the Holy Roman Empire.	Speyer	1294
inception	Partners in Flight / Compañeros en Vuelo / Partenaires d’Envol is an organization launched in 1990 in response to growing concerns about declines in the populations of many land bird species, and in order to emphasize the conservation of birds not covered by existing conservation initiatives.	Partners in Flight	1990
inception	In 2013 Transport Heritage NSW was established by the Government of New South Wales to manage rail heritage in NSW following an independent review.	Transport Heritage NSW	2013
inception	Apikoğlu was founded in Kayseri in 1910 by ethnic Armenian Krikor Apikoğlu (1878--1945).	Apikoğlu	1910
inception	Kick Against Indiscipline commonly known as KAI is an environmental law enforcement unit established in November 2003 by the Lagos State government to monitor and enforce environmental law in the state.	Kick Against Indiscipline	2003
inception	Worldweaver Ltd is an independent UK games and middleware developer founded in 1997 by Chris Sterling and Simon Dean.	Worldweaver Ltd	1997
inception	First Nations University Students' Association (FNUnivSA) was formed in 1994 by students of the First Nations University of Canada (then, the Saskatchewan Indian Federated College-SIFC).	First Nations University Students' Association	1994
inception	826LA was founded in 2005 and is one of several chapters of 826 National.	826LA	2005
inception	The Millennium Gate Museum opened July 4, 2008, and cost approximately $20 million.	Millennium Gate Museum	2008
inception	Urwego Opportunity Bank of Rwanda, SA (Urwego), was created in July 2007, as a result of a merger between Urwego Community Banking SA (Urwego), and Opportunity International Bank of Rwanda SA (OIBR).	Urwego Opportunity Bank	2007
inception	Acorn Records was a short-lived American record label, created in 1950, which issued several singles by notable musical artists.	Acorn Records	1950
inception	The Franz Mayer Museum (Spanish: Museo Franz Mayer), in Mexico City opened in 1986 to house, display and maintain Latin America's largest collection of decorative arts.	Franz Mayer Museum	1986
inception	Big Fil was a Christian rock band formed by Rob Bell in 1995 in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Big Fil	1995
inception	Omega Phi Beta (ΩΦΒ) is a sorority founded on March 15, 1989 at the State University of New York in Albany, New York by seventeen women of diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds.	Omega Phi Beta	1989
inception	On April 6, 1943, in a meeting among friends at Lino Barsi's home, Goiás Esporte Clube was founded.	Goiás Esporte Clube	1943
inception	CFAD-FM is a community radio station that began broadcasting on October 11, 2008 at 92.1 (later changed to 91.1)FM in Salmo, British Columbia.	CFAD-FM	2008
inception	The Committee on Socialist Studies was formed in 1967 and renamed The Society for Socialist Studies/Societe D'Études Socialistes (SSS) in 1981.	Society for Socialist Studies	1967
inception	Maktoob was founded in 1998 by Samih Toukan and Hussam Khoury who were able to introduce a webmail service with Arabic support for emails when no other free email service had such support.	Maktoob	1998
inception	Between May 1993 and October 1994, the resurrected 35th Operations Group managed a fighter (F-15C) and rescue squadron (HH-60G) in Iceland under the 35th Wing.	35th Operations Group	1993
inception	The Kuomintang Youth League was created in 2006 by former Kuomintang Chairman Ma Ying-jeou during his term as chairman to help promote cultural and political awareness among Chinese youths.	Kuomintang Youth League	2006
inception	Royal Doulton was an English company producing tableware and collectables, dating from 1815.	Royal Doulton	1815
inception	De-illumination is a Symphonic rock/Metal band in Bangladesh formed in October 2006.	De-illumination	2006
inception	Riding Mountain Biosphere Reserve (RMBR) is a UNESCO World Biosphere Reserve designated by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in 1986 as part of its Man and the Biosphere Programme.	Riding Mountain Biosphere Reserve	1986
inception	Gamil Design began in 1995.	Gamil Design	1995
inception	Greenway Health was formed in 2013 following Vista Equity Partners' acquisition and combination of three HIT vendors:	Greenway Health	2013
inception	M&C Saatchi (LSE: SAA) is an international advertising agency network formed in January 1995 by the brothers Maurice Saatchi and Charles Saatchi after they were ousted from the advertising agency group Saatchi & Saatchi which they had founded in 1970.	M&C Saatchi	1995
inception	Citrix Systems, Inc. is an American multinational software company founded in 1989 that provides server, application and desktop virtualization, networking, software-as-a-service (SaaS), and cloud computing technologies.	Citrix Systems	1989
inception	Taw9eel.com went online in 2006 Sheeel.com sold its first deal on January 19, 2011.	Taw9eel	2006
inception	The Kassel Literary Prize for Grotesque Humor (Kasseler Literaturpreis für grotesken Humor), established 1985, is an annual prize awarded by the city of Kassel and the Stiftung Brückner-Kühner foundation in recognition of ``grotesque and comic work'' at a high artistic level.	Kassel Literary Prize	1985
inception	Ellahy Amen Records is an American-French independent avant-garde record label, launched in 2002 by former Pigface member and experimental/avant-garde musician Leila Bela.	Ellahy Amen Records	2002
inception	Founded by current CEO, Paul Sesay, who is also the founder and CEO of I Spoil U Media, The Diversity Group and The Excellence in Diversity Awards, The National Diversity Awards launched in 2012.	The National Diversity Awards	2012
inception	The Tyne and Wear Development Corporation (TWDC) was established in 1987 to develop land on the banks of the River Tyne and the River Wear in England.	Tyne and Wear Development Corporation	1987
inception	AC Entertainment is headed by Ashley Capps, who founded the company in 1991.	AC Entertainment	1991
inception	Jet Black Orchid is an American rock band from Louisville, Kentucky, that formed in 2012.	Jet Black Orchid	2012
inception	Abici is an Italian bicycle manufacturer founded by entrepreneurs Giuseppe Marcheselli, Stefano Stelleti and Cristiano Gozzi in 2006.	Abici	2006
inception	Shanto-Mariam University of Creative Technology (SMUCT) (Bengali: শান্ত-মরিয়ম সৃজনশীল প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a private university established in 2003 under the 1992 Private University Act.	Shanto-Mariam University of Creative Technology	2003
inception	The International Music Council (IMC) was created in 1949 as UNESCO's advisory body on matters of music.	International Music Council	1949
inception	Highbury Korfball Club succeeded Arsenal Korfball Club, which was established by Hugh Barker in 1998.	Highbury Korfball Club	1998
inception	Remia originated in October 1925, when Arie de Rooij began to produce margarine and butter in his Amersfoort-based garage and basement.	Remia	1925
inception	Disharmonic Orchestra is an Austrian death metal/grindcore band that was formed in Klagenfurt, in 1987.	Disharmonic Orchestra	1987
inception	Rendezvous Music (formerly known as Rendezvous Entertainment) is a record label founded by multiple-Grammy Award nominee and RIAA Certified Gold recording artist Dave Koz, renowned radio entrepreneur Frank Cody and music business veteran Hyman Katz in 2002.	Rendezvous Music	2002
inception	Americana de Aviación was founded in 1990 and began operations in 1991 using a Boeing 727-077 with regional routes within Peru.	Americana de Aviación	1990
inception	When Hitler replaced the Ministry of War with the OKW and made the organization part of the Führer's personal ``working staff'' in June 1938, the Abwehr became its intelligence agency and Vice-Admiral Wilhelm Canaris was placed at the head of the organization.	Abwehr	1938
inception	The Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas was instituted in 1928.	Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas	1928
inception	24-year-old Ibrahim Abdel Gawad was crowned Mr Egypt in 2006.	Mr Egypt	2006
inception	Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia (in Georgian: საქართველოს სკაუტური მოძრაობის ორგანიზაცია; Georgian Organization of the Scout Movement), the national Scouting organization of Georgia, was founded in 1994, and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1997.	Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia	1994
inception	Speak Social was founded in November 2010 when Brad Bogus, now president of Speak Social, partnered with Adam Price, a former SEO expert with HostYouOnline.com, to integrate the concept of video sharing (and other social media platforms) with content marketing utilizing SEO practices to form a social media marketing startup company.	Speak Social	2010
inception	Advisory Commission of National and Democratic Parties (Persian: کمیسیون مشورتی احزاب ملی و دموکراتیک ‎) was an alliance of political parties in Afghanistan, founded in October 2004.	Advisory Commission of National and Democratic Parties	2004
inception	The Yuba Sutter Mall (formerly called The Mall at Yuba City) is a shopping mall located in Yuba City, California, opening on March 7, 1990.	Yuba Sutter Mall	1990
inception	The Election Assistance Commission (EAC) is an independent agency of the United States government created by the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (HAVA).	Election Assistance Commission	2002
inception	The Workers Revolutionary Party - Revolutionary Left (Spanish language: Partido Revolucionario de los Trabajadores-Izquierda Revolucionaria. PRT-IR) was a Spanish Trotskyist political organization, formed in the summer of 2002 as a result of the merger of the Workers Revolutionary Party (PRT) and the Revolutionary Left (IR).	Workers Revolutionary Party - Revolutionary Left	2002
inception	Miss Yugoslavia (named Miss Serbia and Montenegro between 2003 and 2006) was the national beauty pageant of Serbia and Montenegro (FR Yugoslavia) held from 1991 to 2006, organized by the company, ``Miss YU''.	Miss Yugoslavia	1991
inception	He and a few friends put up $2.5 million in capital to open the first Price Club on July 12, 1976 at 4605 Morena Boulevard, San Diego, the former site of a manufacturing building once owned by Howard Hughes, now Costco warehouse 401.	Price Club	1976
inception	From the station's launch in 2006 until that change, KKJK aired an active rock music format branded as ``Thunder 103.1''.	KKJK	2006
inception	Since its creation in 1988, EMBnet has evolved from an informal network of individuals in charge of maintaining biological databases into the only worldwide organization bringing bioinformatics professionals to work together to serve the expanding fields of genetics and molecular biology.	EMBnet	1988
inception	The Calgary Cannons were a minor league baseball team located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada for 18 seasons, from 1985 until 2002.	Calgary Cannons	1985
inception	The new CBS-affiliated sub-channel officially launched as WNKY-DT2 on February 1, 2007.	WNKY-DT2	2007
inception	La Navidad was a settlement that Christopher Columbus and his men established in present-day Haiti in 1492 from the remains of the Spanish ship, the Santa María.	La Navidad	1492
inception	23 Parachute Engineer Regiment is a Royal Engineers regiment in the British Army that was formed in 2003.	23 Parachute Engineer Regiment	2003
inception	Hooj Choons is a house record label formed by Alex Simons and Red Jerry (real name Jeremy Dickens) in 1990.	Hooj Choons	1990
inception	Ankara Milli Piyango Anadolu Lisesi is an Anatolian High School in Ankara, founded by the Turkish National Lottery Administration (Millî Piyango İdaresi) and given to the Turkish Ministry of Education in 1992.	Ankara Milli Piyango Anadolu Lisesi	1992
inception	The group was founded by Hans Westfal-Larsen in 1905.	Westfal-Larsen	1905
inception	Sugar Army, fronted by Patrick McLaughlin and consisting of Todd Honey on lead guitar, Jamie Sher on drums and Ian Berney on bass guitar formed in 2005.	Sugar Army	2005
inception	The St. Petersburg Bowl is an NCAA-sanctioned post-season college football bowl game that has been played annually at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida, since 2008.	St. Petersburg Bowl	2008
inception	Birla Tyres, a division of Kesoram Industries Limited, was founded in 1991.	Birla Tyres	1991
inception	Sant Muktabai Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana (SMSSK ) known as Sant Muktabai Cooperative Sugar Factory is a cooperative factory founded in 1988 by Pratibha Patil and others.	Sant Muktabai Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana	1988
inception	Hwaseong IBK Altos (Korean: 화성 IBK 기업은행 알토스) is a South Korean women's professional volleyball team founded in 2011.	Hwaseong IBK Altos	2011
inception	ESDES School of Business and Management (École supérieure pour le développement économique et social) was founded in 1987 as part of the Catholic University of Lyon which has stood for a hundred and thirty years since its foundation in 1875 in Lyon, France.	ESDES	1987
inception	Gowalla was a location-based social network launched in 2007 and closed in 2012.	Gowalla	2007
inception	Merv Griffin Enterprises was a television production company founded by Merv Griffin, in business from 1964 to 1994.	Merv Griffin Enterprises	1964
inception	Chaingang formed in 2007 following the dissolution of Hayley Foster and Mike Jeffery's former band Pinky Tuscadero on New Year's Eve 2006.	Chaingang	2007
inception	New Democracy Electoral Union (Portuguese: Nova Democracia União Eleitoral) is a political coalition in Angola, founded November 18, 2006.	New Democracy Electoral Union	2006
inception	CyberRegs was created in 1997 by Citation Technologies as the first web-based Environment, Health and Safety document portal for regulatory compliance.	CyberRegs	1997
inception	Ssangbangwool Raiders Baseball Club (Hangul: 쌍방울 레이더스 야구단) was a Korea Professional Baseball team founded in 1990.	Ssangbangwool Raiders	1990
inception	Ben's Garden was founded in 1992 by the company's president and owner, Ben Busko, when he was eight years old.	Ben's Garden	1992
inception	Founded in 2007, Rock City Marine develops and manufactures the RockBox A.M.P.D., Advanced Mobile Performance Device, a GPS based instrument tailored for the racing sailor.	Rock City Marine	2007
inception	Royal Mail was separated into three divisions in 1986, and in 1990 Royal Mail Parcels was rebranded as Parcelforce.	Parcelforce	1990
inception	Lisgar Middle School was opened on June 1, 1996.	Lisgar Middle School	1996
instrument	Esa Tapani is a Finnish horn player, born in 1968.	Esa Tapani	horn
instrument	Scott MacIntyre also plays guitar, drums, percussion, and bass on all of his brother Todd's songs.	Scott MacIntyre	guitar
instrument	According to Bruce Bastin, ``Of limited musical interest, but completely within the guitar traditions of the Southeast, Louis Washington may have the distinction of being the one recorded resident Florida Bluesman of the period of commercial blues recording.''	Louis Washington	guitar
instrument	Jordi Savall i Bernadet (Catalan: (ˈʒɔrði səˈβaʎ i βərnəˈðɛt); born August 1, 1941) is a Spanish conductor, viol player, and composer.	Jordi Savall	viol
instrument	Another band Silenoz, or ``Ed Damnator'' as he was called, played rhythm guitar and occasional bass in was the Norwegian thrash metal band, ``Nocturnal Breed''.	Silenoz	guitar
instrument	Sid Busby is a British jazz trumpet player best known for his Hollywood Jazz albums.	Sid Busby	trumpet
instrument	Peter Havlicek (born April 17, 1963 in Vienna) is an Austrian musician - Kontragitarre (viennese harp-guitar), jazz guitar, composition, vocals.	Peter Havlicek	guitar
instrument	Jon Schofield is an Australian musician (bass guitar, guitar and vocals) who has played in a range of bands from indie rock 1960s inspired band, Grooveyard, to The Coloured Girls (a.k.a. The Messengers) of Paul Kelly & the Coloured Girls.	Jon Schofield	guitar
instrument	Jack Brownlow (March 3, 1923 - October 27, 2007) was an American jazz piano player.	Jack Brownlow	piano
instrument	Tristan Honsinger (born October 23, 1949) is a cello player active in free jazz and free improvisation.	Tristan Honsinger	cello
instrument	Bjørnar Andresen (1 April 1945 -- 2 October 2004) was a Norwegian jazz musician (double bass, guitar, banjo), known for his improvisational and multicultural musical expression in a variety of publications.	Bjørnar Andresen	guitar
instrument	Woratep Rattana-umpawan began his guitar lessons when he was 12.	Woratep Rattana-umpawan	guitar
instrument	Mick Medew as lead vocalist and guitarist formed a straight-ahead hard rock band, The 31st, in Brisbane in 1979, with Ron Peno (ex-The Hellcats) on vocals, Tony Robertson (ex-Credits) on bass guitar and Chris Welsh on drums.	Mick Medew	guitar
instrument	Paul performs as a solo performer with an acoustic guitar and also with his band the Paul Poulton Project.	Paul Poulton	guitar
instrument	Niki Sullivan (June 23, 1937 -- April 6, 2004) was an American rock and roll guitar player, born in South Gate, California.	Niki Sullivan	guitar
instrument	Alfred Edwin Brain Jr. (born London, 24 October 1885; died Los Angeles, 29 March 1966) was an English player of the French horn.	Alfred Edwin Brain Jr.	horn
instrument	The new band is composed of Nathan Azarcon on vocals and bass, Ira Cruz on guitar, and Vic Mercado on drums.	Ira Cruz	guitar
instrument	Marie Speziale is the first female trumpet player to play in a major symphony orchestra.	Marie Speziale	trumpet
instrument	Eli Eban was born in New York and received his early musical training in Israel, studying the clarinet with Richard Lesser and Yona Ettlinger.	Eli Eban	clarinet
instrument	Both were formerly members of the Spencer Davis Group in the 1960s, in which Muff Winwood played bass guitar.	Muff Winwood	guitar
instrument	Roy Stevens (1916--1988) was an American trumpet player, Stevens-Costello System brass embouchure teacher, and author of the Embouchure Self-Analysis:	Roy Stevens	trumpet
instrument	Richard Watkins, born in 1962, is a horn player.	Richard Watkins	horn
instrument	At this point, the Hanoi Rocks line-up consisted of Michael Monroe (lead vocals), Andy McCoy (lead guitar), Nasty Suicide (rhythm guitar), Sam Yaffa (bass) and Swedish Gyp Casino (drums).	Andy McCoy	guitar
instrument	Peter Wyper (Lanarkshire, Scotland, 1861 - 1920) was a player of the diatonic button accordion (or melodeon), believed to have been the first person to ever be recorded playing the accordion, which he did on wax cylinder in 1903.	Peter Wyper	accordion
instrument	Paul David Harbour, born 1965 New Orleans, Louisiana is an American bass guitar and guitar player, pianist and composer.	Paul David Harbour	bass guitar
instrument	Leo Wright (December 14, 1933 in Wichita Falls, Texas -- January 4, 1991 in Vienna) was an American jazz musician who played alto saxophone, flute and clarinet.	Leo Wright	clarinet
languages spoken or written	Henrik Gustaf Söderbaum (12 March 1862 in Kalmar -- 1933 in Djursholm) was a Swedish chemist and secretary of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1923 to 1933.	Henrik Gustaf Söderbaum	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Armin Knab (19 February 1881, Oberaurach -- 23 June 1951) was a German composer and musical writer.	Armin Knab	German
languages spoken or written	He was the son of Franz von Werner, a Croatian landowner of Austro-German origin, and his wife, the former Eleonore Pfeiffer.	Franz von Werner	German
languages spoken or written	Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll (pronounced: (ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol); English /ʃəˈkɪərə/; born February 2, 1977) is a Colombian singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer, choreographer, and model.	Shakira	English
languages spoken or written	The academy, which is now known as the ``Academia Edna Coll'' (The Edna Coll Academy) and situated in San Juan, has served as the exposition center of art works by many of the Spaniard artists who fled Spain during the Spanish Civil War of the 1930s.	Edna Coll	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Laurence Urdang (March 21, 1927 -- August 26, 2008) was a lexicographer, editor and author noted for first computerising the unabridged Random House Dictionary of the English Language, published in 1966.	Laurence Urdang	English
languages spoken or written	Uri Avnery (Hebrew: אורי אבנרי‎, also transliterated Uri Avneri, born 10 September 1923) is an Israeli writer and founder of the Gush Shalom peace movement.	Uri Avnery	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Eugeniusz Żytomirski (1911--1975) was a Polish poet, playwright and novelist, born in Taganrog, Russia and died in Toronto, Canada.	Eugeniusz Żytomirski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Horace Lecoq de Boisbaudran (May 14, 1802 -- August 7, 1897) was a French artist and teacher.	Horace Lecoq de Boisbaudran	French
languages spoken or written	Lazăr Șăineanu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈlazər ʃəjˈne̯anu), also spelled Șeineanu, born Eliezer Schein; Francisized Lazare Sainéan, French pronunciation: ​(lazaʁ sa.ine.ɑ̃), or Sainéanu; April 23, 1859 -- May 11, 1934) was a Romanian-born philologist, linguist, folklorist and cultural historian.	Lazăr Șăineanu	Romanian	French
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkar Island is an oval-shaped volcanic island located in the Bismarck Sea, about 30 kilometres off the north coast of mainland Papua New Guinea in Madang Province.	Karkar Island	Madang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miavaq (Persian: مياوق‎, also Romanized as Mīāvaq and Mīyāvaq) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Miavaq	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frachowiec (fraˈxɔvjɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Frachowiec	Gmina Kodrąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scott Hotel is a former hotel located at 101 East Quincy Street in Hancock, Michigan, originally known as the Hotel Scott.	Scott Hotel	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshall's Mill is a former flax spinning mill on Marshall Street in Holbeck, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Marshall's Mill	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tower Fall is a waterfall on Tower Creek in the northeastern region of Yellowstone National Park, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Tower Fall	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ouachita River Lock and Dam No. 8 are a historic lock and dam on the Ouachita River in Calhoun County, Arkansas.	Ouachita River Lock and Dam No. 8	Calhoun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Polinowska (ˈvulka pɔlʲiˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Polinowska	Gmina Konstantynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grodno District or Hrodna District (Belarusian: Гродзенскі раён, Гарадзенскі раён; Russian: Гродненский район) is a district (raion) of Grodno Region of Belarus.	Grodno District	Grodno Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gnieżdżewo (ɡɲɛʐˈd͡ʐɛvɔ) (Kashubian: Gniéżdżewò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gnieżdżewo	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blättersberg near Rhodt unter Rietburg in the Rhenish-Palatine county of Südliche Weinstraße is a mountain, 613.2 m above sea level (NHN), in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Blättersberg	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhasot is a village in Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bhasot	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wayland E. Poole House is a historic home located near Auburn, Wake County, North Carolina, a suburb of the state capital Raleigh.	Wayland E. Poole House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzylatków Duży (tʂɨˈlatkuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trzylatków Duży	Gmina Błędów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elephant Butte Reservoir is a reservoir on the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico, 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Truth or Consequences.	Elephant Butte Reservoir	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lecale Upper (named after the former barony of Lecale) is a barony in County Down, Northern Ireland.	Lecale Upper	County Down
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High Court of Justiciary is the supreme criminal court of Scotland.	High Court of Justiciary	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Iwiczna (pronounced (ˈnɔva iˈvit͡ʂna)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Iwiczna	Gmina Lesznowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa is an Indian gaming casino, of the Morongo Band of Cahuilla Mission Indians, located in Cabazon, California, USA, near San Gorgonio Pass.	Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soleil Center was a 43-story skyscraper and condo-hotel planned for Raleigh, North Carolina.	Soleil Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenarbaghcheh (Persian: كنارباغچه‎, also Romanized as Kenārbāghcheh) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kenarbaghcheh	Kiyaras Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Mingenew is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia, about 110 kilometres (68 mi) southeast of the city of Geraldton and about 370 kilometres (230 mi) north of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Mingenew	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buonconsiglio Castle (Italian: Castello del Buonconsiglio) is a castle in Trento, northern Italy.	Buonconsiglio Castle	Trento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Sofia a Via Boccea is a church at 478 Via Boccea, in Rome, Italy.	Santa Sofia a Via Boccea	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemirówek-Kolonia (ɲɛmiˈruvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Niemirówek-Kolonia	Gmina Tarnawatka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koce-Piskuły (ˈkɔt͡sɛ pisˈkuwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koce-Piskuły	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abernyte is a small village in Perth and Kinross in Scotland.	Abernyte	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria Public Airport (Capt. G. Allan Hancock Field) (IATA: SMX, ICAO: KSMX, FAA LID: SMX) is three miles (5 km) south of Santa Maria, in northern Santa Barbara County, California.	Santa Maria Public Airport	Santa Barbara County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przytyki (pʂɨˈtɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Przytyki	Gmina Chodel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amadiya District (Central Kurdish: قەزای ئامێدی‎, translit. qezayê Amêdî, Arabic: قضاء العمادية‎, translit. qaḍāʾ al-Emadiyah) is a district in northern central Dohuk Governorate within the Kurdistan Region of northern Iraq.	Amadiya District	Dohuk Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazabad-e Yek (Persian: گز آباد1‎, also Romanized as Gazābād-e Yek; also known as Gazābād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazabad-e Yek	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurak-e Pain (Persian: شورك پائين‎, also Romanized as Shūrak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shurak-e Pain	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surobash (Persian: سورباش‎, also Romanized as Sūrobāsh; also known as Sarv, Sarvbāsh, Sorūbāsh, and Surubāsh) is a village in Kushk-e Nar Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Surobash	Kushk-e Nar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jubilee Christian Church International is a Christian church located in Boston, Massachusetts and Stoughton, Massachusetts.	Jubilee Christian Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domariaganj is a town and tehsil of Siddharthnagar district in eastern Uttar Pradesh.	Domariaganj	Siddharthnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongzhi County (simplified Chinese: 东至县; traditional Chinese: 東至縣; pinyin: Dōngzhì Xiàn) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Chizhou City.	Dongzhi County	Chizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mittineague Elementary is an elementary school in the neighborhood of Mittineague on Second Street in the city of West Springfield, Massachusetts.	Mittineague Elementary	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalgety Bay (i/dælˈɡɛti ˈbeɪ/, Scots: Dawgety) is a coastal town in Fife, Scotland, on the north shore of the Firth of Forth.	Dalgety Bay	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winter Sports School in Park City is a college preparatory public charter school, with students from 9th through 12th grades, located in Park City, Utah.	The Winter Sports School in Park City	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United Laymen Bible Student Tabernacle, now the George Bray Neighborhood Center, is located in Racine, Wisconsin.	United Laymen Bible Student Tabernacle	Racine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trieb is a river of Saxony, Germany and a right-hand tributary of the White Elster.	Trieb	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winona Senior High School is a publicly funded high school in Winona, in Winona County, which is located in southeastern Minnesota.	Winona Senior High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elizabeth Mine was a copper mine located on the town line between the Town of Strafford and the Town of Thetford, in Orange County, Vermont.	Elizabeth Mine	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negrete (Spanish pronunciation: (neˈɣɾete)) is a Chilean town and commune in Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region.	Negrete	Bío Bío Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novempopulania (Latin for ``country of the nine peoples'') was one of the provinces created by Diocletian out of Gallia Aquitania, being also called Aquitania Tertia.	Novempopulania	Gallia Aquitania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otto Du Plessis Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the road between Ida, Eastern Cape and Clifford, Eastern Cape.	Otto Du Plessis Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strefford is a historic hamlet in Shropshire, England.	Strefford	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Botanic Garden of Israel (official name: The Botanical Garden for the Native Plants of Israel in memory of Montague Lamport, in Hebrew: הגן הבוטני לצמחי ארץ ישראל ע``ש מונטג'יו למפורט) is a botanical garden located in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem --	National Botanic Garden of Israel	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James B. Sheffield Olympic Skating Rink is an artificial ice track for speedskating in Lake Placid, New York, United States (US).	James B. Sheffield Olympic Skating Rink	Lake Placid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Village of Cross Keys is a privately owned upscale area of Baltimore, Maryland.	Village of Cross Keys	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reclamation Street (Chinese: 新填地街; pinyin: Xīntiándì Jiē; Cantonese Yale: san1 tin4 dei6 gaai1) is a street stretching from Jordan to Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Reclamation Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Zwesten is a community in the Schwalm-Eder district of Hesse, Germany.	Bad Zwesten	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plenowo (plɛˈnɔvɔ) (German: Plönhöfen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Plenowo	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Information Centre for Foreign Language Research (German: Informationszentrum für Fremdsprachenforschung, IFS), an institute of the Philipps University of Marburg, has existed since 1969.	Information Centre for Foreign Language Research	Marburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rtyně v Podkrkonoší (German: Hertin) is a small town in the Trutnov District, the Czech Republic.	Rtyně v Podkrkonoší	Trutnov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cercié is a rural commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.	Cercié	Rhône
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ventura County Medical Center is a hospital in the city of Ventura, California, USA.	Ventura County Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendzel (ˈxɛnd͡zɛl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Hendzel	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	University School's Entrepreneur Institute was founded in 2006 to help students learn entrepreneurial skills, provide opportunities to experience entrepreneurship, connect to other Northeast Ohio students and entrepreneur organizations, and encourage them to return to Northeast Ohio to pursue careers.	University School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villers-Bettnach Abbey (Latin: Villerium; German: Weiler-Bettnach) is a former Cistercian abbey in the commune of Saint-Hubert in the Moselle department, France.	Villers-Bettnach Abbey	Saint-Hubert
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Bernardo della Compagnia (also known as San Bernardo a Colonna Traiani, San Bernardi ad Columnam Traiani or San Bernardo della Compagnia al Foro) was a small church in Rome, next to Trajan's Column, dedicated to Saint Bernard and the Virgin Mary.	San Bernardo della Compagnia	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Mustard Museum (formerly the Mount Horeb Mustard Museum) is a museum near U.S. 14 in the heart of downtown Middleton, Wisconsin.	National Mustard Museum	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kola Kheyl (Persian: كلاخيل‎, also Romanized as Kolā Kheyl) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kola Kheyl	Tangeh Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Following the collapse of the post-invasion Helvetic Republic, in 1803 as part of the Act of Mediation Einsiedeln became a Bezirk (or District) in the Canton of Schwyz.	Einsiedeln	Canton of Schwyz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzemuszka (tʂɛˈmuʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trzemuszka	Gmina Kotuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friskney is a village and civil parish within the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Friskney	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adelaide Remand Centre is a maximum-security prison facility located in Adelaide, South Australia, used to hold prisoners on remand pending trial.	Adelaide Remand Centre	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arapahoe Basin (often shortened as A-Basin, or simply The Basin) is an alpine ski area in the Rocky Mountains of the United States, in the White River National Forest of Colorado.	Arapahoe Basin	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaozhai (Chinese: 姚寨镇) is a town in Dong'e County, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Yaozhai	Dong'e County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gandu (Persian: چشمه گندو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gandū) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gandu	Khafri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kur Bonav (Persian: كوربناو‎, also Romanized as Kūr Bonāv; also known as Kūr Bonāb) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kur Bonav	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Muen Ram (Thai: ท่าหมื่นราม) is a sub-district in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Tha Muen Ram	Wang Thong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahrak Mahalleh (Persian: طاهرك محله‎, also Romanized as Ţāhrak Maḩalleh; also known as Tārīk Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tahrak Mahalleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakville GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network located at 214 Cross Avenue in Oakville, Ontario, Canada, near the Trafalgar Road exit 118 of the Queen Elizabeth Way.	Oakville GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omnowsheh (Persian: ام نوشه‎, also Romanized as Omm ol Nowsheh) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omnowsheh	Gharb-e Karun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	London-Corbin Airport (IATA: LOZ, ICAO: KLOZ, FAA LID: LOZ), also known as Magee Field, is a general aviation airport located in Laurel County, Kentucky, three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of London and about 12 miles north of Corbin.	London-Corbin Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shipley Art Gallery is an art gallery situated in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, England, located at the south end of Prince Consort Road.	Shipley Art Gallery	Gateshead
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKeesport National Bank (now McKeesport City Hall) located at 5th Avenue and Sinclair Street in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, was built from 1889 to 1891.	McKeesport National Bank	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gęzyn (ˈɡɛ̃zɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gęzyn	Gmina Poraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pueblo Libre is a district of the Lima Province in Peru and one of the districts that comprise the city of Lima.	Pueblo Libre	Lima Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janardhanavaram is a village in Chatrai Mandal, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from Mandal Headquarters, Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Janardhanavaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarqa Governorate (Arabic محافظة الزرقاء Muħāfazat az-Zarqāʔ, local dialects ez-Zergā or ez-Zer'a) is the third largest governorate in Jordan by population.	Zarqa Governorate	Jordan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Zoghal Manzel (Persian: پائين ذغال منزل‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Zoghāl Manzel; also known as Zoghāl Manzel) is a village in Chapakrud Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Zoghal Manzel	Chapakrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWDM, ``88.7 KWDM The Point,'' is a modern rock high school radio station serving the Des Moines, Iowa area on 88.7 FM.	KWDM	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernard M. Baruch College of the City University of New York, commonly known as Baruch College, is a constituent college of the City University of New York system located in the Gramercy Park section of Manhattan, New York City.	Baruch College	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Trigg Ester Library is a small nonprofit membership library, located in Ester in the U.S. state of Alaska.	John Trigg Ester Library	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان كلارستاق غربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church, Graveyard and Sexton's House is an historic Episcopal church complex located at Worton, Kent County, Maryland.	Christ Church, Graveyard and Sexton's House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miserden is a village and civil parish in Stroud District, Gloucestershire, England, 4 miles north east of Stroud.	Miserden	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anayit Beyk (Persian: عنايت بيك‎, also Romanized as ʿAnyāīt Beyḵ) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Anayit Beyk	Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Scalottas is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located near Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Piz Scalottas	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOMO-FM (97.7 FM) is a radio station simulcasting the newsradio format of Seattle, Washington's KOMO (1000).	KOMO-FM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truman's Place is a historic home located at Hughesville, Charles County, Maryland, United States.	Truman's Place	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dugway Range is a 13-mile (21 km) long mountain range located in central-south Tooele County, Utah, on the Juab County north border.	Dugway Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitlock Cordage is a former industrial complex that has been renovated for residential and commercial use located along the banks of the since-filled Morris Canal in the Lafayette Section of Jersey City, New Jersey.	Whitlock Cordage	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jereh Rural District (Persian: دهستان جره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jereh Rural District	Jereh and Baladeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swiss Customs Museum, or Museo doganale svizzero, is a museum located in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Swiss Customs Museum	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saran Bar-e Kashkali (Persian: سرانباركاشكلي‎, also Romanized as Sarān Bār-e Kāshkalī) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Saran Bar-e Kashkali	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Itcha Range is a small isolated mountain range in the West-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Itcha Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان بربرود غربی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shengeh Dul (Persian: شنگه دول‎‎, also Romanized as Shengeh Dūl) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shengeh Dul	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Immokalee High School, located at 701 W. Immokalee Drive, Immokalee, Florida 34142, is the only public high schools located in Immokalee.	Immokalee High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Duzakh (Persian: دره دوزخ‎, also Romanized as Darreh Dūzakh) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darreh Duzakh	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Hills Airport (FAA LID: L84), also known as Lost Hills-Kern County Airport, is a public airport located one mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district (CBD) of Lost Hills, in Kern County, California, USA.	Lost Hills Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laudium is an Indian township southwest of central Pretoria, in the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality.	Laudium	City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czaplice-Bąki (t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ ˈbɔnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czaplice-Bąki	Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molega Lake is a large lake in Queens County, Nova Scotia approximately 30 minutes outside of Bridgewater.	Molega Lake	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flowery Branch High School is a four-year public charter high school located outside the city limits of Flowery Branch, Georgia, USA, operated by Hall County Schools.	Flowery Branch High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worth County High School (also known as Worth County Comprehensive High School) is a public high school located in Sylvester, Georgia, USA.	Worth County High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cymbark (ˈt͡sɨmbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Cymbark	Gmina Wąbrzeźno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol Municipal Stadium, also referred to as the Stone Castle, is an athletic facility located on the campus of Bristol Tennessee High School in Bristol, Tennessee.	Bristol Municipal Stadium	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Đeče (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђече) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Đeče	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schœlcher is a town and the fourth-largest commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.	Schœlcher	Martinique
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Große Freiheit (German for: ``Big Freedom'') is a cross street on the North Side to Hamburg's Reeperbahn road in the St. Pauli quarter.	Große Freiheit	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salt Lake Stadium or Yuva Bharati Krirangan is a multipurpose stadium in Bidhannagar, Kolkata, West Bengal.	Salt Lake Stadium	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salem Cross Inn is a restaurant and bed and breakfast establishment at 260 West Main Street (Massachusetts Route 9) in West Brookfield, Massachusetts.	Salem Cross Inn	West Brookfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel and Esther Bartlett House, now the Lonetown Farm Museum, is at historic house and farmstead at 43 Lonetown Road in Redding, Connecticut.	Daniel and Esther Bartlett House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardgowan House is a late 18th-century mansion and estate on the Firth of Clyde near Inverkip, Scotland.	Ardgowan House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasabestan (Persian: قصبستان‎, also Romanized as Qaşabestān and Qaşbestān; also known as Ghasabtan, Kāsāhasan, Kasbasān, and Kāseh Ḩasan) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qasabestan	Miyan Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Bottom Wetlands Preserve in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States, is a 725-acre (293 ha) wetlands area along the Tualatin River in Washington County, Oregon.	Jackson Bottom Wetlands Preserve	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudaheh (Persian: دودهه‎, also Romanized as Dūdaheh and Dowdaheh; also known as Deheh-ye Bālā, Dūdah, Dudakh, and Dūdeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Dudaheh	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National College Baseball Hall of Fame, located in Lubbock, Texas, is a museum operated by the College Baseball Foundation serving as the central point for the study of the history of college baseball in the United States.	National College Baseball Hall of Fame	Lubbock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thrithallur is located on the western part of (Thrissur) district.	Thrithallur	Thrissur) district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Coos County, New Hampshire and Oxford County, Maine, Umbagog National Wildlife Refuge is a northern treasure in the National Wildlife Refuge System.	Umbagog National Wildlife Refuge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tag Ab Khanak (Persian: تگ اب خنك‎, also Romanized as Tag Āb Khanaḵ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tag Ab Khanak	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tornø (meaning Thorn Island) is a small island in the Odense Fjord, roughly 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northeast of the city of Odense, in Kerteminde Municipality, Funen, Denmark.	Tornø	Kerteminde Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province (Persian: استان چهارمحال و بختیاری‎‎, Ostān-e Chahār-Mahāl-o Bakhtiyārī ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudy-Rysie (ˈrudɨ ˈrɨɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rudy-Rysie	Gmina Szczurowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dongpo Academy is located near the town of Zhonghe, 40 km from Danzhou (Nada) city.	Dongpo Academy	Danzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selmier State Forest was established through a donation to the Indiana Department of Natural Resources by Mrs. Frank Selmier, on behalf of her husband Frank.	Selmier State Forest	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tramagal is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District.	Tramagal	Abrantes Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fritchley is a small village in Derbyshire south of Crich and north of Ambergate.	Fritchley	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	1E is a privately owned IT software and services company based in the United Kingdom.	1E	United Kingdom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buller District, one of 53 districts of New Zealand, and is within the West Coast Region.	Buller District	West Coast Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilby Correctional Facility is an Alabama Department of Corrections (ADOC) prison for the state of Alabama, located in Mt.	Kilby Correctional Facility	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarash (Persian: سراش‎, also Romanized as Sarāsh) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sarash	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eilenburg station is one of two railway stations in the district town of Eilenburg in the German state of Saxony.	Eilenburg station	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asschat is a hamlet in the municipality Leusden, in the Dutch province of Utrecht.	Asschat	Leusden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State Greater Allegheny, commonly referred to as PSUGA, is a Commonwealth Campus of the Pennsylvania State University in McKeesport, Pennsylvania.	Penn State Greater Allegheny	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fathkuh (Persian: فتحكوه‎, also Romanized as Fatḩkūh; also known as Fatkūh) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Fathkuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts (NSFIA) was a city-run vocational and art school in Newark, New Jersey.	Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duddell Street (Chinese: 都爹利街; pinyin: Dūdiēlì Jiē; Cantonese Yale: dou1 de1 lei6 gaai1) is a small street located near the Lan Kwai Fong district in Central, Hong Kong.	Duddell Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chedington is a small village and civil parish in west Dorset, England, situated near the A356 road 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Crewkerne in Somerset.	Chedington	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metz Ice Plant, also known as Jacob Klaer Gristmill and Milford Ice and Refrigeration Company, is a historic ice manufacturing plant located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Milford, Pike County, Pennsylvania.	Metz Ice Plant	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palisade Head is a large rock formation on the North Shore of Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Palisade Head	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molló (Catalan pronunciation: (muˈʎo), Catalan for ``milestone'') is a town and municipality in the comarca of Ripollès in Girona, Catalonia, Spain, located in the Pyrenees, by the French border.	Molló	Ripollès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amparanirappel is a place near Palai in Kottayam district of Kerala, India.	Amparanirappel	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osowiec Śląski (ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s ˈɕlɔ̃ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Osowiec Śląski	Gmina Turawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grundy Senior High School is a public high school located east of Grundy, Virginia on Slate Creek in Buchanan County, Virginia.	Grundy Senior High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorcheh (Persian: درچه‎) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dorcheh	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mavilakadappuram is a small island village near Cheruvathur in Kasaragod district, Kerala, India.	Mavilakadappuram	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol-e Fahlian (Persian: پل فهليان‎, also Romanized as Pol-e Fahlīān; also known as Gar-e Dodāngeh) is a village in Fahlian Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pol-e Fahlian	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dörzbach is a town in the Jagst river valley in the Hohenlohe district of Baden-Württemberg, in south central Germany.	Dörzbach	Hohenlohe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bad Newz Kennels dog fighting investigation began in April 2007 with a search of property in Surry County, Virginia, owned by Michael Vick, who was at the time quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons football team, and the subsequent discovery of evidence of a dog fighting ring.	Bad Newz Kennels dog fighting investigation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chmieleń (ˈxmjɛlɛɲ) (German: Langwasser) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chmieleń	Gmina Lubomierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachemak Bay Campus (KBC) is a campus of Kenai Peninsula College, which is a unit of the University of Alaska Anchorage.	Kachemak Bay Campus	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Compton Abbas Airfield (IATA: n/a, ICAO: EGHA) is located 2.7 NM (5.0 km; 3.1 mi) south of Shaftesbury, Dorset, England.	Compton Abbas Airfield	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thanlon is a subdivisional headquarters in the Indian state of Manipur.	Thanlon	Manipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikory Juskie (ɕiˈkɔrɨ ˈjuskʲɛ) (German: Schikorren; 1927-1945: Wellheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sikory Juskie	Gmina Stare Juchy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jijil (Persian: جيجيل‎, also Romanized as Jījīl; also known as Jījel) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jijil	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edinample Castle is a late 16th century castle on the southern shores of Loch Earn near Balquhidder in the Stirling council area of Scotland.	Edinample Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutyłowo-Perysie (kutɨˈwɔvɔ pɛˈrɨɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kutyłowo-Perysie	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kermestan (Persian: كرمستان‎, also Romanized as Kermestān) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kermestan	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tang Mahi (Persian: سرتنگ ماهي‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang Māhī) is a village in Mahru Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Tang Mahi	Mahru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bigton is a small settlement on South Mainland, Shetland, UK.	Bigton	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Rasm El Hadeth is an archaeological site 18 km north of Baalbek in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Rasm El Hadeth	Baalbek
located in the administrative territorial entity	A. J. McClung Memorial Stadium is a 15,000-seat sports stadium located in Columbus, Georgia.	A. J. McClung Memorial Stadium	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanavand (Persian: كناوند‎, also Romanized as Kanāvand, Kanawand, Kanvand, and Kenāvand) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kanavand	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartalkh (Persian: سرتلخ‎) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sartalkh	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bladen Lakes State Forest (BLSF) is a North Carolina state forest near Elizabethtown, North Carolina.	Bladen Lakes State Forest	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wingello State Forest is a planted forest in the Australian state of New South Wales.	Wingello State Forest	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadakkanadu is a hamlet located in Thiruvattar block of Kanyakumari district.	Vadakkanadu	Kanyakumari district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulmówek (sulˈmuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sulmówek	Gmina Goszczanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludomki (luˈdɔmki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ludomki	Gmina Ryczywół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verkhny Fiagdon or Upper Fiagdon (Ossetian: Уæллаг Фиййагдон; Wællag Fijjagdon, Russian: Верхний Фиагдон) is a settlement in Alagirsky District of North Ossetia--	Verkhny Fiagdon	Alagirsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spears School of Business (or Spears School) is the business component of Oklahoma State University.	Spears School of Business	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jistrum (Dutch: Eestrum) is a village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland of the Netherlands.	Jistrum	Tytsjerksteradiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anayesht (Persian: عنايشت‎, also Romanized as ``Anāyesht; also known as Ānāghesht and Enā``esht) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 20 families.	Anayesht	Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmaj-e Karami (Persian: سرماج كرمي‎, also Romanized as Sarmāj-e Karamī; also known as Sarmāj and Sarmāj-e Keranū) is a village in Shizar Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarmaj-e Karami	Shizar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucecea (Yiddish: בוטשעטש) is a town in Botoşani County, Romania.	Bucecea	Botoşani County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 32nd Indiana Monument, also known as the August Bloedner Monument, honors the Union soldiers of the 32nd Indiana Volunteer Infantry Regiment, also known as Indiana's ``1st German'' regiment, who died in the Battle of Rowlett's Station on 17 December 1861, near Munfordville, Kentucky.	32nd Indiana Monument	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teshkan Rural District (Persian: دهستان تشكن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Teshkan Rural District	Chegeni District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rio Grande de Añasco (also, in English, Añasco Big River or just Añasco River) is a river in western Puerto Rico.	Rio Grande de Añasco	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołów County (Polish: powiat wołowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Wołów County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zięblice (ʑɛmˈblit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zięblice	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Miguel Island (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w miˈɣɛɫ); named for the Archangel Michael or, literally, Portuguese for Saint Michael), is also referred to locally as ``The Green Island'', is the largest and most populous island in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	São Miguel Island	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Par Rural District (Persian: دهستان پشت پر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Posht Par Rural District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Glossop is a parish village and the original part of the town of Glossop in the High Peak area of Derbyshire, England, about 15 miles east of Manchester and 23 miles west of Sheffield.	Old Glossop	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northwest Highlands are located in the northern third of Scotland that is separated from the Grampian Mountains by the Great Glen (Glen More).	Northwest Highlands	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ransomes and Reavell Sports Club Ground is a cricket ground in Ipswich, Suffolk.	Ransomes and Reavell Sports Club Ground	Ipswich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul Eames Sports Complex is a minor league baseball stadium, located in Albany, Georgia.	Paul Eames Sports Complex	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltness is a hamlet in southwestern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland.	Saltness	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murestaneh (Persian: مورستانه‎, also Romanized as Mūrestāneh; also known as Mūrestāneh-ye-Qāzī Bolāghī, Muristāneh, and Muristanekh) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Murestaneh	Dast Jerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Adams Light was a lighthouse near the mouth of the Columbia River on the Oregon Coast of the United States.	Point Adams Light	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Joe Holt was a Union base during the American Civil War in Jeffersonville, Indiana, across the Ohio River from Louisville, Kentucky on land that is now part of Clarksville, Indiana, near the Big Eddy.	Camp Joe Holt	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldburg-Wurzach was a county ruled by the House of Waldburg, located on the southeastern border of Baden-Württemberg, Germany, located around Wurzach (located about 15 kilometres west of Bad Waldsee).	Waldburg-Wurzach	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klugajny (kluˈɡai̯nɨ) (German Klogehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klugajny	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordelta district, located at the north of the Tigre Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, consists of a gated community made up of 9 neighborhoods, founded in 1999 and known as the first ciudadpueblo (``city-ville'' in English) of Argentina; it is close to the town General Pacheco.	Nordelta	Tigre Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zgojewo (zɡɔˈjɛvɔ) (German: Schojow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zgojewo	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kan District (Persian: بخش کن‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kan District	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	École secondaire catholique de la Vérendrye (ESCDLV) is a French Catholic high school located in Port Arthur, Thunder Bay, Ontario.	École secondaire catholique de la Vérendrye	Thunder Bay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karvian (Persian: كرويان‎, also Romanized as Karvīān) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Karvian	Mir Deh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tayyareh (Persian: طياره‎, also Romanized as Ţayyāreh) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tayyareh	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aircraft railway station is located on the Werribee line in Victoria, Australia.	Aircraft railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oodnadatta Track, Australia is an unsealed 620 km (385 mi) outback road between Marree and Marla via Oodnadatta in South Australia.	Oodnadatta Track	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Herbst Theatre is an auditorium in the War Memorial and Performing Arts Center in Civic Center in San Francisco, California, United States.	Herbst Theatre	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Bykowska (ˈvɔla bɨˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Bykowska	Gmina Grabica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flisk (Scottish Gaelic: Fleasg meaning ``Stalk'' or ``Rod'') was a parish in Fife, Scotland.	Flisk	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łubne (ˈwubnɛ) (Ukrainian: Лубне, Lubne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród, within Lesko County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łubne	Gmina Baligród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kupferhof Bauschenberg was one of many brass producing factories built in the 17th century in the German city of Stolberg.	Kupferhof Bauschenberg	Stolberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tatoosh Wilderness is a designated wilderness in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in Washington in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States.	Tatoosh Wilderness	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuldīga ( pronunciation ) (German: Goldingen) is a town in western Latvia.	Kuldīga	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keilberg (Schneeberg) is a mountain in West-Erzgebirge of Saxony, southeastern Germany nearby the town Schneeberg.	Keilberg (Schneeberg)	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Druitt College is an independent, co-educational Kindergarten to Year 12 Anglican school situated in North Boambee on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales.	Bishop Druitt College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibli (Persian: سيبلي‎‎, also Romanized as Sībelī) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sibli	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biddeford-Saco Mills Historic District encompasses the historic mill complex that flanks both sides of the Saco River in Biddeford and Saco, Maine.	Biddeford-Saco Mills Historic District	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sacatar Trail Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Ridgecrest, California USA.	Sacatar Trail Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Brieuc (pronounced French: (sɛ̃.bʁi.jø), Breton: Sant-Brieg, Gallo: Saent-Berioec) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Brieuc	Côtes-d'Armor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hedsor is a small village and civil parish in Wycombe district in Buckinghamshire, England, in the very south of the county, near the River Thames and Bourne End.	Hedsor	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Razavi (Persian: احمدابادرضوي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Raẕavī; also known as Aḩmadābād and Allahābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Razavi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łazek (ˈwazɛk) is a part of village Niemstów in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łazek	Gmina Lubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viger Square (French: Square Viger) is an urban square in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Viger Square	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlereagh Aerodrome was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) emergency landing ground and dispersal ground during World War II at Castlereagh, New South Wales, Australia.	Castlereagh Aerodrome	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janaszów (jaˈnaʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Janaszów	Gmina Zagnańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posiłów (pɔˈɕiwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Posiłów	Gmina Proszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liard Plateau is a plateau in far northern British Columbia, Canada, located between the Smith and Liard Rivers, and extending north into the Yukon.	Liard Plateau	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Bial is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located in Graubünden, Switzerland.	Piz Bial	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKAI is a 25,000 watt FM radio station on 100.1 kHz in Macomb, Illinois, in west-central Illinois.	WKAI	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Renville County Courthouse and Jail is a historic building located at 500 East DePue Avenue in Olivia, Minnesota, United States; the seat of Renville County.	Renville County Courthouse	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Studium Biblicum Franciscanum is a Franciscan academic society based in Jerusalem.	Studium Biblicum Franciscanum	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salafchegan District (Persian: بخش سلفچگان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Salafchegan District	Qom County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grześka (ˈɡʐɛɕka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grześka	Gmina Wieruszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górnystok (ɡurˈnɨstɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Górnystok	Gmina Jasionówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haigh Field Airport (FAA LID: O37) is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) southeast of the central business district (CBD) of Orland, a city in Glenn County, California, USA.	Haigh Field Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazeh Kaz (Persian: مازه كز‎, also Romanized as Māzeh Kaz; also known as Māzeh Gar, Māzeh Gaz, and Māzgeh) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mazeh Kaz	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grove Place is a Grade I listed building in Nursling, Hampshire.	Grove Place	Nursling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trevitt's Addition Historic District is a neighborhood, primarily residential in character, located in The Dalles, Oregon, United States.	Trevitt's Addition Historic District	The Dalles
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rachel Carson Greenway is a planned 25-mile stretch of trails, spanning from the historic Adelphi Mill in Prince George's County north through eastern Montgomery County, Maryland to Patuxent River State Park, and incorporating existing Northwest Branch trails.	Rachel Carson Greenway	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Public School No. 109, also known as Male and Female Primary School No. 5 and Broadway School, was a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Public School No. 109	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Squamish River is a short but very large river in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Squamish River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Tang-e Chenaran (Persian: پشت تنگ چناران‎, also Romanized as Posht Tang-e Chenārān; also known as Posht Tang) is a village in Shizar Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Posht Tang-e Chenaran	Shizar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltan (Persian: بالتان‎, also Romanized as Bāltān) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baltan	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arab World Institute (abbreviated ``AWI''; French: Institut du Monde Arabe, abbreviated ``IMA'') is an organization founded in Paris in 1980 by 18 Arab countries with France to research and disseminate information about the Arab world and its cultural and spiritual values.	Arab World Institute	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeley Repertory Theatre is a regional theater company located in Berkeley, California.	Berkeley Repertory Theatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Rocky Mountains are a major subregion of the Rocky Mountains of North America located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Wyoming, the central and western portions of Colorado, the northern portion of New Mexico, and extreme eastern portions of Utah.	Southern Rocky Mountains	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cousins Inlet is a fjord in the Central Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Cousins Inlet	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiffield is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire, England, north of Towcester between the A5 road to its west and the A43 road to its east.	Tiffield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otematata is a village in the Waitaki District of North Otago in New Zealand's South Island.	Otematata	Waitaki District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dells Raceway Park (DRP), formerly known as the Dells Motor Speedway, is a car racing raceway located in the town of Lyndon, in Juneau County, north of Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin just off of U.S. Route 12/Wisconsin Highway 16.	Dells Raceway Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education (known as FIGSE) at Arizona State University was established in 1954 and disestablished in 2010 by Provost Elizabeth Capaldi amidst strong objections from faculty, students, and relevant professional organizations.	Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parsęcko (parˈsɛnt͡skɔ) (German Persanzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Parsęcko	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treorchy (Welsh: Treorci) is a village, although it used to be and still has characteristics of a town, in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, lying in the Rhondda Fawr valley.	Treorchy	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica Julia was partially destroyed in 410 AD when the Visigoths sacked Rome and the site slowly fell into ruin over the centuries.	Basilica Julia	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace Theological Seminary (GTS) is a conservative evangelical Christian seminary located in Winona Lake, Indiana.	Grace Theological Seminary	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yelnikovsky District (Russian: Е́льниковский райо́н; Moksha: Ельниконь район; Erzya: Кузбуе) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Yelnikovsky District	Republic of Mordovia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuchmy-Pietruki (ˈkuxmɨ pjɛˈtruki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kuchmy-Pietruki	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pirelli Stadium is an association football stadium on Princess Way in Burton upon Trent, East Staffordshire, England.	Pirelli Stadium	Burton upon Trent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daylaq (Persian: دايلاق‎, also Romanized as Dāylāq) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Daylaq	Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of Aghaboe is one of the most important of the abbeys and priories in County Laois.	Abbey of Aghaboe	County Laois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naugle House is an historic house of the American colonial architecture style called Dutch Colonial on Dunkerhook Road in Fair Lawn, New Jersey, adjacent to the Saddle River County Park.	Naugle House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hodod (Hungarian: Hadad, Hungarian pronunciation: (hɒdɒd); German: Kriegsdorf) is a commune of 3,209 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Hodod	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Tuczępska (ˈvulka tuˈt͡ʂɛmpska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Tuczępska	Gmina Grabowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suoyarvi (Russian: Суоя́рви; Karelian: Suojärvi; Finnish: Suojärvi) is a town and the administrative center of Suoyarvsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located 140 kilometers (87 mi) northwest of Petrozavodsk.	Suoyarvi	Suoyarvsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CBS Building in New York City, also known as Black Rock, is the headquarters of CBS Corporation.	CBS Building	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWPA (1340 AM) is an adult standards radio station broadcasting at 1340 AM and licensed to serve the community of Williamsport, Pennsylvania, USA.	WWPA	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierce Memorial Field is an 8,000-capacity stadium located in East Providence, Rhode Island.	Pierce Memorial Field	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bell Tower Building, or the Allegany County League for Crippled Children building, is a historic building in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland.	Bell Tower Building	Cumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shendeh (Persian: شنده‎) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Shendeh	Chendar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht Mian (Persian: دشت ميان‎, also Romanized as Dasht Mīān) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dasht Mian	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sityodtong USA, also known as Team Sityodtong, is a Muay Thai and mixed martial arts training camp based out of Somerville, Massachusetts.	Team Sityodtong	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stanford Cricket Ground, colloquially known as ``Sticky Wicket Stadium'', is a cricket ground in Osbourn, Saint George Parish, Antigua.	Stanford Cricket Ground	Saint George Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halsey Field House is a multi-purpose arena at the United States Naval Academy, in Annapolis, Maryland, with a seating capacity of 5,000.	Halsey Field House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żerczyce (ʐɛrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Жирчиці, Zhyrchytsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Żerczyce	Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Androscoggin Mill Block is an historic tenement house at 269-271 Park Street in Lewiston, Maine, United States.	Androscoggin Mill Block	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr Pamp-e Baharestan (Persian: موتورپم پبهارستان‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Bahārestān) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr Pamp-e Baharestan	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koeru Parish (Estonian: Koeru vald) is a rural municipality in Järva County, Estonia.	Koeru Parish	Järva County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanyang County (simplified Chinese: 山阳县; traditional Chinese: 山陽縣; pinyin: Shānyáng Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo, Shaanxi, China, has an area of 3,515 square kilometers and a population of 440,000 as of 2004.	Shanyang County	Shangluo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawadka Rymanowska (zaˈvatka rɨmaˈnɔfska) (Ukrainian: Завадка Риманівська, Zavadka Rymanivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Zawadka Rymanowska	Gmina Dukla
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rheinwald (literally ``Rhine Forest'', but derived from Latin Rheni vallis meaning ``Rhine Valley''; Romansh: Valrain) is a valley in the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Rheinwald	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suderu (Persian: سودرو‎, also Romanized as Sūderū, Soodroo, and Sūdrū) is a village in Tazian Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Suderu	Tazian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borough Hall of the Borough of Waynesboro is a historic borough hall located at Waynesboro in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.	Borough Hall of the Borough of Waynesboro	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onion Lake Cree Nation, comprising the adjacent Makaoo 120 and Seekaskootch 119 Indian reserves, is a Cree First Nation band government in Canada that straddles the Alberta/Saskatchewan provincial border approximately 50 km (31 mi) north of the City of Lloydminster.	Onion Lake Cree Nation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avoca River, an inland intermittent river of the north--central catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower Riverina bioregion and Central Highlands and Wimmera regions of the Australian state of Victoria.	Avoca River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanfen District (simplified Chinese: 南芬区; traditional Chinese: 南芬區; pinyin: Nánfēn Qū) is a District under the administration of Benxi City, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Nanfen District	Benxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzyżownica (kʂɨʐɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krzyżownica	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arctic Bay (Inuktitut syllabics: ᐃᒃᐱᐊᕐᔪᒃ, Ikpiarjuk ``the pocket'') is an Inuit hamlet located in the northern part of the Borden Peninsula on Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Arctic Bay	Qikiqtaaluk Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Orens-de-Gameville (also referred to as Saint-Orens) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France.	Saint-Orens-de-Gameville	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeffreys Bay is a constituent part of the Kouga Local Municipality of the Cacadu District in the Eastern Cape Province.	Jeffreys Bay	Kouga Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eleanor Cabot Bradley Estate is a nonprofit country house and garden ground museum in Canton, Massachusetts.	Eleanor Cabot Bradley Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domodedovsky District (Russian: Домоде́довский райо́н) was an administrative district (raion) of Moscow Oblast, Russia, which was municipally incorporated as Domodedovo Urban Okrug.	Domodedovsky District	Moscow Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khur Ab (Persian: خوراب‎, also Romanized as Khūr Āb; also known as Ḩūrāb, Kaura, Khorab, Khūro, Khūrrāb, and Khūru) is a village in Dehram Rural District, Dehram District, Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khur Ab	Dehram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dollar Academy, founded in 1818 by benefaction of trader John McNabb, is a co-educational day and boarding school in Scotland.	Dollar Academy	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pataver (Persian: پاتاور‎, also Romanized as Pātāver; also known as Pātāvereh) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pataver	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sound of Night (Italian: Il Rumore della Notte) is an outdoor 1986 bronze sculpture by Italian artist Mimmo Paladino, installed at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston's (MFAH) Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden, in the U.S. state of Texas.	The Sound of Night	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Dulverton is a large shallow lake/lagoon associated with the town of Oatlands in Southern Midlands of Tasmania.	Lake Dulverton	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frostisen is a glacier on the border of the municipalities of Ballangen and Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Frostisen	Ballangen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zasada (Serbian Cyrillic: Засада) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zasada	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrowo (dɔˈbrɔvɔ) (German: Dubberow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dobrowo	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miękisze (mʲɛŋˈkʲiʂɛ) (Ukrainian: М'якиші, Myakyshi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Miękisze	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanai Township (Burmese: တနိုင်းမြို့နယ်) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Tanai Township	Myitkyina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzczonów-Folwark (ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf ˈfɔlvark) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzczonów-Folwark	Gmina Krzczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilshana (Ukrainian: Вільшана) is an urban-type settlement located in the Horodysche Raion (district) of Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Vilshana	Horodysche Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelmagno is a small comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Turin and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Cuneo.	Castelmagno	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estate Catherineberg is a historic mansion on Denmark Hill in Charlotte Amalie, on Saint Thomas island, in the United States Virgin Islands.	Estate Catherineberg	Charlotte Amalie	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamabad (Persian: كم اباد‎, also Romanized as Kamābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kamabad	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaveh-ye Beyt Mansur (Persian: شاوه بيت منصور‎, also Romanized as Shāveh-ye Beyt Manṣūr) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shaveh-ye Beyt Mansur	Moshrageh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tung Chung, meaning 'eastern stream', is an area situated on the north-western coast of Lantau Island in Hong Kong.	Tung Chung	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nottely Dam is a hydroelectric and flood storage dam on the Nottely River in Union County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.	Nottely Dam	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middleburg United Methodist Church, formerly known as the Methodist Episcopal Church at Black Creek, is an historic church in Middleburg, Florida.	Middleburg United Methodist Church	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reczpol (ˈrɛt͡ʂpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Reczpol	Gmina Krzywcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2015, The Scottish Borders Council officially announced that Galashiels was the capital of the Scottish Borders.	Galashiels	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glacier Bay Wilderness is a wilderness area in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Glacier Bay Wilderness	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Satyanarayanapuram is a village in Cherla mandalam, in Khammam district, Andhra Pradesh.	Satyanarayanapuram	Khammam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moses Lake High School is a public high school in Moses Lake, Washington serving 2,100 students in grades 9-12.	Moses Lake High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Shahab (Persian: چم شهاب‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Shahāb and Cham Shahab) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Cham-e Shahab	Hayat Davud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Open Door Christian Academy is a co-educational private Christian school in Troutdale, Oregon, United States.	Open Door Christian Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Stanwix was a colonial fort whose construction commenced on August 26, 1758, under the direction of British General John Stanwix, at the location of present-day Rome, New York, but was not completed until about 1762.	Fort Stanwix	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Pahn Ganjegan (Persian: چشمه پهن گنجگان‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pahn Ganjegān; also known as Cheshmeh Pahn) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Pahn Ganjegan	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gręblin (ˈɡrɛmblin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gręblin	Gmina Pelplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojanów ((vɔˈjanuf); German: Schildau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wojanów	Gmina Mysłakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haga Palace (Swedish: Haga slott), formerly known as the Queen's Pavilion (Swedish: Drottningens paviljong), is located in the Haga Park, Solna Municipality in Metropolitan Stockholm, Sweden.	Haga Palace	Solna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baridi (Persian: بريدي‎, also Romanized as Barīdī) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Baridi	Surak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Supilinn (Estonian for ``Soup town'') is a neighbourhood of Tartu, Estonia.	Supilinn	Tartu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurjaq (Persian: قورجاق‎, also Romanized as Qūrjāq and Qeverjāq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qurjaq	Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaogan (Chinese: 孝感; pinyin: Xiàogǎn) is a prefecture-level city in east-central Hubei province, People's Republic of China, some 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of the provincial capital of Wuhan.	Xiaogan	Hubei
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mesabi Trail is a 132-mile paved bicycle trail running from Grand Rapids, Minnesota to Ely, Minnesota.	Mesabi Trail	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jangal District (Persian: بخش جنگل‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jangal District	Rashtkhvar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smołdzęcino (smɔu̯d͡zɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Schmalzenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Smołdzęcino	Gmina Ostrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exhaling Pearls is an outdoor 1993 bronze sculpture by postmodernist American artist Joseph Havel, installed at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston's Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Exhaling Pearls	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dellemont-Wemple Farm is a historic farm complex located at Rotterdam in Schenectady County, New York.	Dellemont-Wemple Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Hulen was a military training camp near Palacios, Texas, United States that operated from 1925 until 1946, and at one time supported the largest concentration of troops for field training in the United States military.	Camp Hulen	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Falmouth Village Historic District encompasses the historic 19th-century village of North Falmouth, Massachusetts, which is a village in the town of Falmouth, Massachusetts.	North Falmouth Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coral Ridge Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located just south of Interstate 80 in Coralville, Iowa.	Coral Ridge Mall	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caleb Baldwin Tavern is a historic house at 32 Main Street in the Newtown Borough Historic District, located in Newtown, Connecticut, United States.	Caleb Baldwin Tavern	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queule is a Chilean town in the commune of Toltén in Cautín Province, Araucanía Region.	Queule	Cautín Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahidasht District (Persian: بخش ماهیدشت‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mahidasht District	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razmgah-e Sofla (Persian: رزمگاه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Razmgāh-e Soflá; also known as Razmgāh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Razmgah-e Sofla	Sefid Sang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hovenden House, Barn and Abolition Hall is a group of historic buildings in Plymouth Meeting, Whitemarsh Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Hovenden House, Barn and Abolition Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pooyamkutty is a small town in Ernakulam district, Kothamangalam Taluk, Kuttampuzha panchayath and in the Indian state of Kerala.	Pooyamkutty	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pariangan is a Minangkabau village located in the regency of Tanah Datar, West Sumatra province, Indonesia.	Pariangan	West Sumatra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Onion is a restaurant located on East Cooper Avenue in Aspen, Colorado, United States.	The Red Onion	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duncan Mills Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County, Illinois nominated for the National Register of Historic Places.	Duncan Mills Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhausabari is a Keroun village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in mother land Nepal.	Bhausabari	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Populonia or Populonia Alta (Etruscan: Pupluna, Pufluna or Fufluna, all pronounced Fufluna; Latin: Populonium, Populonia, or Populonii) today is a frazione of the comune of Piombino (Tuscany, central Italy).	Populonia	Piombino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broad Run High School is a public secondary school in Ashburn, an unincorporated area in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States.	Broad Run High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manassas Park City Schools is a school division that serves the city of Manassas Park, Virginia, United States.	Manassas Park City Schools	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiełczew (ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kiełczew	Gmina Małkinia Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uffenheim is a city in the Middle Franconian district of Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim, in Bavaria, Germany.	Uffenheim	Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Creek Gristmill is an historic building located in Wildcat Den State Park in Muscatine County, Iowa, United States.	Pine Creek Gristmill	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holyrood Secondary School is a Catholic secondary school in the south-side of Glasgow, Scotland.	Holyrood Secondary School	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph R. Bowles House is a house located in southwest Portland, Oregon, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Joseph R. Bowles House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franconian lands lie principally in Bavaria, north and south of the winding Main River, which together with the left (southern) Regnitz tributary, including its Rednitz and Pegnitz headstreams, drains most parts of Franconia.	Franconia	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loaningfoot is a hamlet in the Kirkbean parish of Dumfries and Galloway county.	Loaningfoot	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swenson Arts and Technology High School (Swenson High School), formally known as ``Swenson Skills Center'', is a full-time Technical/Vocational high school located in the greater Northeast of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Swenson Arts and Technology High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riisipere (German: Riesenberg) is a small borough (alevik) in the county of Harju, Estonia, and is the Nissi Parish administrative center.	Riisipere	Nissi Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highworth is a market town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 6 miles (10 km) northeast of Swindon town centre.	Highworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairhaven Station, also called Bellingham, is a train station serving the Amtrak's ''Amtrak Cascades route, as well as a bus station serving Greyhound Lines and local Whatcom Transportation Authority buses, in Bellingham, Washington, United States.	Fairhaven Station	Bellingham	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sleemanabad is a village in Madhya Pradesh, India, approximately 62 km from Jabalpur and 32 km from Katni.	Sleemanabad	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodchute Wilderness is a 5,923-acre (2,397 ha) wilderness area in Prescott National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Woodchute Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlton Gardens is a World Heritage Site located on the northeastern edge of the Central Business District in the suburb of Carlton, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Carlton Gardens	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Manazarieh (Persian: باغ منظريه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Manẓarīeh) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Manazarieh	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Mohammad Bazar (Persian: علي محمدبازار‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Moḩammad Bāzār; also known as Moḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ali Mohammad Bazar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mecca Covered Bridge crossing Big Raccoon Creek East of Mecca, Indiana is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by J.J. Daniels in 1873.	Mecca Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Stręczyn (ˈnɔvɨ ˈstrɛnt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Stręczyn	Gmina Cyców
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilka-Bory (ˈvilka ˈbɔrɨ) (German: Bohra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Wilka-Bory	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Ahmadiyah (Arabic: ‎, also spelled Ahmediye; also known as el-Hamediyeh or Ammudiya), is a former Syrian village in the central Golan Heights, 15 kilometers southeast of Lake Hula.	Al-Ahmadiyah	Golan Heights
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangolli (also Ganguli) a is village in Kundapur Taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka state.	Gangolli	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santana High School, located in Santee, California, is part of the Grossmont Union High School District.	Santana High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarreh-ye Sofla (Persian: جره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jarreh-ye Soflá; also known as Jarrah-e Pā’īn and Jarreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Vahdatiyeh Rural District, Sadabad District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Jarreh-ye Sofla	Vahdatiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Timpone della Motta is a hill two kilometers to the southwest of Francavilla Marittima in Calabria, Italy.	Timpone della Motta	Francavilla Marittima
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Kelid Darreh (Persian: قشلاق كليددره‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Kelīd Darreh) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Kelid Darreh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pau dos Ferros is a municipality in the homonymous microregion, in Rio Grande do Norte state, Northeast Brazil.	Pau dos Ferros	Rio Grande do Norte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Factory Bridge, also known as Horsham Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge in White Deer Township, Union County, Pennsylvania.	Factory Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trowbridge Square Historic District, originally known as Village of Spireworth and Mount Pleasant, is a 26-acre (11 ha) historic district in the Hill section New Haven, Connecticut.	Trowbridge Square Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hast (Persian: هست‎) is a village in Hana Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hast	Hana Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Euston Arch, built in 1837, was the original entrance to Euston station, facing onto Drummond Street, London.	Euston Arch	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wells Regional Transportation Center is a train station in Wells, Maine served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system, and other transportation providers.	Wells Regional Transportation Center	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut Kaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: توتكله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tūt Kaleh-ye Soflá; also known as Tūt Kalā-ye Soflá) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tut Kaleh-ye Sofla	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bushkan District (Persian: بخش بوشکان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bushkan District	Bushehr Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žablje (pronounced (ˈʒaːbljɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žablje	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahnejerd (Persian: دهنجرد‎, also Romanized as Dahanjerd; also known as Danjerd) is a village in Sofalgaran Rural District, Lalejin District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Dahnejerd	Sofalgaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkby on Bain is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Kirkby on Bain	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isle of Comandatuba (Ilha de Comandatuba, in Portuguese) is in the municipality of Una, on the south coast of the State of Bahia, Brazil.	Ilha de Comandatuba	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margavar Rural District (Persian: دهستان مرگور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Margavar Rural District	Silvaneh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George R. Kress House is a Tudor Revival style home in Los Angeles, California.	George R. Kress House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żebry-Stara Wieś (ˈʐɛbrɨ ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żebry-Stara Wieś	Gmina Olszewo-Borki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purgatoire River is a river in southeastern Colorado, United States.	Purgatoire River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena is a 1,400-seat hockey rink on Niagara University's campus in Lewiston, New York, USA.	Dwyer Arena	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahal Mirap (Persian: چهل ميرپ‎, also Romanized as Chahal Mīrap; also known as Ārk Mellī Tandūreh) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahal Mirap	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rantoul National Aviation Center (ICAO: KTIP, FAA LID: TIP), also known as Frank Elliott Field, is a public-use airport located in Rantoul, a village in Champaign County, Illinois, United States.	Rantoul National Aviation Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Salem, Massachusetts and owned by the Peabody Essex Museum the Cotting-Smith Assembly House was built in 1782 and is located at 138 Federal Street in the Federal Street District.	Cotting-Smith Assembly House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Main-à-Dieu (population 240) is a community located in Nova Scotia's Cape Breton Regional Municipality.	Main-à-Dieu	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churt is a village and civil parish in the borough of Waverley in Surrey, England.	Churt	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colorado Bend State Park is a 5,328.3-acre (2,156 ha) Texas state park in the Hill Country region.	Colorado Bend State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castanheiras (Portuguese meaning chestnut) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rondônia.	Castanheiras	Rondônia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shepard Company Building is an historic building at 259 Westminster Mall, 72-92 Washington Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Shepard Company Building	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perumpazhuthoor is a village on the shores of Neyyar River, about 3 km away from the taluk municipality of Neyyattinkara in Thiruvananthapuram district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Perumpazhuthoor	Thiruvananthapuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurnukh (Armenian: Շուռնուխ) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Shurnukh	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redditt is an unincorporated community in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Redditt	Kenora District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conop (Hungarian: Konop) is a commune located in Arad County, Romania.	Conop	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Sevaine Flats is a small area of flatland east of Cucamonga Peak in the San Gabriel Mountains in San Bernardino County, California.	San Sevaine Flats	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Beneventano del Bosco is a large townhouse at Syracuse in Sicily, Italy.	Palazzo Beneventano del Bosco	Syracuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narju (Persian: نارجو‎, also Romanized as Nārjū) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Narju	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olshammar is a locality situated in Askersund Municipality, Örebro County, Sweden with 271 inhabitants in 2010.	Olshammar	Askersund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranmore Common is an area of wooded former common land on the North Downs, immediately northwest of Dorking in the English county of Surrey.	Ranmore Common	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erlestoke is a village and civil parish about 6 miles (9.7 km) southwest of the market town of Devizes in Wiltshire, England.	Erlestoke	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singirikudi (Tamil: சிங்கிரிகுடி) or Singarakudi is a revenue village in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Singirikudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Small Point-Adam's Cove-Blackhead-Broad Cove is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador, located in the Trinity-Conception Bay District north of Carbonear.	Small Point-Adam's Cove-Blackhead-Broad Cove	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Rural District (Persian: دهستان چنار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chenar Rural District	Kabgian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanny Mountain is a mountain summit in York County in the state of South Carolina (SC).	Nanny Mountain	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillside Facility, also called the Hillside Support Facility or the Hillside Maintenance Complex, is a maintenance facility of the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) in Hollis, Queens in New York City.	Hillside Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajo Peak (O'odham: S-vepegĭ moʼokam or To:lo Vipidoḍ We:co) is a mountain peak in southern Arizona, in the north-and-east Sonoran Desert.	Ajo Peak	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sven Hedin Glacier is a glacier north of Princess Marie Bay on central Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Sven Hedin Glacier	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fringford is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, about 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Bicester.	Fringford	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke St Gregory is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 7 miles (11.3 km) east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Stoke St Gregory	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craighouse (Scottish Gaelic: Taigh na Creige) is the main settlement on the Scottish Inner Hebridean Isle of Jura, in Argyll and Bute.	Craighouse	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation, in Malecite-Passamaquoddy Sipayik, is an Indian reservation in Washington County, Maine, United States.	Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation	Washington County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dornoch Castle is situated opposite Dornoch Cathedral in the village of Dornoch, in Sutherland, Scotland, a little over 40 miles (64 km) north of Inverness.	Dornoch Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert S. Kerr Reservoir is located within the Cookson Hills, on the Arkansas River in Sequoyah, Le Flore, Haskell, and Muskogee counties in eastern Oklahoma, US.	Robert S. Kerr Reservoir	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lt. Robert Andrews House is an historic house at 428 South Bridgton Road in Bridgton, Maine, United States.	Lt. Robert Andrews House	Bridgton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad Shadjerd (Persian: محمودابادشادجرد‎, also Romanized as Mahmūdābād Shādjerd; also known as Mahmūdābād and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad Shadjerd	Qomrud Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flamboro Speedway is a 1/3-mile semi-banked asphalt oval auto racing track in Hamilton (Flamborough), Ontario.	Flamboro Speedway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2006, a survey conducted by Halifax revealed that Seaham is the top property price increase hotspot in England and Wales as average prices rose by 172% since 2003.	Seaham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kremikovtsi (Bulgarian: Кремиковци) is an industrial district of Sofia, Bulgaria.	Kremikovtsi	Sofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bełzów (ˈbɛu̯zuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bełzów	Gmina Skalbmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuscarora Creek Historic District is a national historic district located near Martinsburg and Nollville, Berkeley County, West Virginia.	Tuscarora Creek Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	John F. Lutz Furniture Co. & Funerary is a historic building complex located at St. Lawrence, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	John F. Lutz Furniture Co. & Funerary	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Ghazban (Persian: محمدغضبان‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Ghaz̤bān) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Ghazban	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Agata dei Goti is a church in Rome, Italy, dedicated to the martyr Saint Agatha.	Sant'Agata dei Goti	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Evil Clown of Middletown is a large outdoor sign in Middletown Township, New Jersey.	Evil Clown of Middletown	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Mamur (Persian: شهرك مامور‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Māmūr) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Mamur	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkut Stadium (Bulgarian: Стадион Беркут) is a football stadium, located in the small village of Brestnik, in the Plovdiv Province, Bulgaria.	Berkut Stadium	Plovdiv
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Hesar (Persian: مزرعه حصار‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩeşār) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hesar	Zulachay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warszowice (varʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice, within Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Warszowice	Gmina Pawłowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canaveral National Seashore (CANA) is a National Seashore located between New Smyrna Beach and Titusville, Florida, in Volusia County and Brevard County, United States.	Canaveral National Seashore	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curyn (ˈt͡surɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Curyn	Gmina Wisznice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjomand District (Persian: بخش ارجمند‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Arjomand District	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gisborough Priory is a ruined Augustinian priory in Guisborough in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland and ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.	Gisborough Priory	Guisborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waterbeach is a large fen-edge village located 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Cambridge in Cambridgeshire in England, and forms part of the administrative district of South Cambridgeshire.	Waterbeach	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nith River is a river in Brant, Oxford and Perth Counties and the Regional Municipality of Waterloo in Southwestern Ontario, Canada.	Nith River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cima Park Fire Guard Station near Douglas, Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.	Cima Park Fire Guard Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Qahreman (Persian: چمقهرمان‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Qahremān; also known as Bon Tūmān-e Do) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Qahreman	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World Athletes Monument, more commonly known as the Prince Charles Monument or Prince of Wales Monument, is a monument located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	World Athletes Monument	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset Boulevard is a boulevard in the central and western part of Los Angeles County, California that stretches from Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles to the Pacific Coast Highway at the Pacific Ocean.	Sunset Boulevard	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greene-Durfee House (also Greene-Durffee) is an historic house at 1272 West Shore Road in Warwick, Rhode Island.	Greene-Durfee House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walla Walla Regional Airport (IATA: ALW, ICAO: KALW, FAA LID: ALW) is a public airport in the western United States, located in Walla Walla County, Washington, three miles (5 km) northeast of the central business district of the city of Walla Walla.	Walla Walla Regional Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockland Green Hills is a major shopping centre located in East Maitland, an eastern suburb of Maitland, New South Wales, Australia.	Stockland Green Hills	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mercer County Vocational School District is a countywide vocational public school district based in Trenton, serving the high school-aged population of Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Mercer County Vocational School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institut de théologie orthodoxe Saint-Serge (St. Sergius Orthodox Theological Institute) in Paris, France, is a private school of higher education in Orthodox theology, founded in 1925 in conformity with French legislation and the norms of European university education, accredited by the Académie de Paris.	St. Sergius Orthodox Theological Institute	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Museum, also known as the DeWitt Wallace Gallery, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia, and is one of Colonial Williamsburg's attractions.	DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Museum	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kovor (pronounced (ˈkɔːʋɔɾ); German: Kaier) is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Kovor	Tržič
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keriq-e Bozorg (Persian: كريق بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Kerīq-e Bozorg; also known as Karan-e Bozorg, Karī Bozorg, and Karī-ye Bozorg) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Keriq-e Bozorg	Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ozias Goodwin House is a historic house at 7 Jackson Avenue in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts.	Ozias Goodwin House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chempra is a village in Kozhikode district of Kerala state, India.	Chempra	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scoby Power Plant and Dam is a historic dam and power plant located between the towns of Ashford and Concord, near Springville, New York.	Scoby Power Plant and Dam	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penna in Teverina is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria, located about 70 km south of Perugia and about 25 km southwest of Terni.	Penna in Teverina	Province of Terni
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qin Sakht (Persian: قين سخت‎, also Romanized as Qīn Sakht) is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qin Sakht	Kalashi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzazgowa Wola (dʐazˈɡɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Drzazgowa Wola	Gmina Będków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kardi Kola (Persian: كارديكلا‎, also Romanized as Kārdī Kolā; also known as Kārdī Kolā-ye Sharqī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kardi Kola	Khvosh Rud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Like much of the Smokies crest, Spence Field lies along the Tennessee-North Carolina border, between Blount County and Swain County.	Spence Field	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toorak Park is a cricket and Australian rules football arena in the Melbourne suburb of Armadale, Victoria, Australia.	Toorak Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daia Română (German: Dallendorf, Luprechttal; Hungarian: Oláhdálya, Dálya) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Daia Română	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lekhtusi Radar Station (Russian: ) is an early warning radar near Lekhtusi in Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Lekhtusi Radar Station	Leningrad Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dörtdivan is a town and a district in the Bolu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Dörtdivan	Bolu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Saqi (Persian: كلاته ساقي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sāqī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Eqbāl) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Saqi	Ordughesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Similkameen Country, also referred to as the Similkameen Valley or Similkameen District, but generally referred to simply as The Similkameen or more archaically, Similkameen, is a region roughly coinciding with the basin of the river of the same name in the Southern Interior of British Columbia.	Similkameen Country	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjamin Franklin Holland House (also known as The Gables or Roy Trent Gallemore House) is a historic home in Bartow, Florida.	Benjamin Franklin Holland House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Compostela Valley (Cebuano: Kawalogang Kompostela; Filipino: Lambak ng Compostela) is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao.	Compostela Valley	Davao Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Geluband (Persian: ده گلوبند‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Gelūband) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Geluband	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arts Orange County (AOC) is the official Orange County, California, USA arts council.	Arts Orange County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolniki Gwiazdowskie (sɔkɔlˈniki ɡvjazˈdɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sokolniki Gwiazdowskie	Gmina Swarzędz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Hall is an early 19th-century Federal-style mansion and working farm near the Potomac River north of Leesburg in Loudoun County, Virginia.	Temple Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walendów (vaˈlɛnduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Walendów	Gmina Nadarzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapālama, now often called Pālama, is a neighborhood of Honolulu, Hawaii.	Kapālama	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsville Speedway is a quarter-mile (.402 km) oval race track in Huntsville, Alabama.	Huntsville Speedway	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Traprock Important Bird Area comprises a 627 km2 tract of land in the Darling Downs region of south-eastern Queensland, Australia.	Traprock Important Bird Area	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eberz House is a historic home located in the Black Rock neighborhood of Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Eberz House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dewathang Gewog (Dzongkha: དབེ་བ་ཐང་) is a gewog (village block) of Samdrup Jongkhar District, Bhutan.	Dewathang Gewog	Samdrup Jongkhar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xin'an County (Chinese: 新安县; Pinyin: Xīn'ān Xiàn,Hakka Dialect:Sin On Yen) is a part of Luoyang City, Henan Province, People's Republic of China.	Xin'an County	Luoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Salman (Persian: سيدسلمان‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Salmān; also known as Seyyed Soleymān) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Salman	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Mian (Persian: چالميان‎, also Romanized as Chāl Mīān and Chāl Meyān) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chal Mian	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver International Airport (IATA: YVR, ICAO: CYVR) is located on Sea Island in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada, about 12 km (7.5 mi) from Downtown Vancouver.	Vancouver International Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheep Hole Mountains are in the Mojave Desert, to the north of Joshua Tree National Park, in San Bernardino County, California.	Sheep Hole Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuujjuarapik (Inuktitut: ᑰᔾᔪᐊᕌᐱᒃ small great river) is the southernmost northern village (Inuit community) at the mouth of the Great Whale River (French: Grande Rivière de la Baleine) on the coast of Hudson Bay in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada.	Kuujjuarapik	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cauldron Dome is a tuya in the Mount Cayley volcanic field, British Columbia, Canada.	Cauldron Dome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Bi Seyyedan (Persian: بي بي سيدان‎, also Romanized as Bī Bī Seyyedān) is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bi Bi Seyyedan	Padena-ye Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Tryon Square is an office and retail building in Charlotte, North Carolina located at 201 and 237 South Tryon Street.	South Tryon Square	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Castle Museum or Assaraya Alhamra Museum (Arabic: متحف السرايا الحمراء‎), or Archaeological Museum of Tripoli, is Libya's national museum.	Red Castle Museum	Tripoli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upiłka (uˈpiu̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Upiłka	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gholaman-e Olya (Persian: غلامان عليا‎, also Romanized as Gholāmān-e ``Olyā; also known as Gholāmān) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 27 families.	Gholaman-e Olya	Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circus Juventas (formerly Circus of the Star) is a youth performing arts circus school located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, serving youth throughout the Minneapolis--	Circus Juventas	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sussex County Snow Belt is a microclimate snowbelt region in Sussex County, New Jersey in northwest New Jersey.	Sussex County Snow Belt	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Khonj (Persian: دهنوخنج‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Khonj; also known as Deh Now, Deh Now-e Konj, and Dehnow Khanj) is a village in Tang-e Narak Rural District, in the Central District of Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Khonj	Tang-e Narak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hali Akhund (Persian: حالي اخوند‎, also Romanized as Ḩālī Ākhūnd) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Hali Akhund	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freeland Street School, now the University Park Campus School, is a historic school at 12 Freeland Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Freeland Street School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieczuj (ˈɲet͡ʂui̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nieczuj	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herburtowo (xɛrburˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Herburtowo	Gmina Wieleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pancerzyn (panˈt͡sɛʐɨn) (German: Panzerei) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pancerzyn	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	NRG Park (formerly Reliant Park and Astrodomain) is a complex in Houston, Texas, USA, named after the energy company NRG Energy.	NRG Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Netherland Inn and Complex is a historic house museum located in Kingsport, Tennessee, United States.	Netherland Inn	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boscobel is a civil parish in the east of Shropshire, England, on the border with Staffordshire.	Boscobel	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ethel Wilson Harris House is a house located in what is now the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park, in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Ethel Wilson Harris House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aragua de Barcelona (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈɾaɣwa ðe βarseˈlona)) is the shire town of Aragua Municipality in Anzoátegui State in Venezuela.	Aragua de Barcelona	Aragua Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zellerbach Hall is a multi-venue performance facility on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley, west of Lower Sproul Plaza.	Zellerbach Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góra Bałdrzychowska-Kolonia (ˈɡura bau̯dʐɨˈxɔfska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Góra Bałdrzychowska-Kolonia	Gmina Poddębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazarabad-e Eftekhar (Persian: نظرابادافتخار‎, also Romanized as Naz̧arābād-e Eftekhār; also known as Naz̧arābād) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazarabad-e Eftekhar	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée du Berry is a museum in Bourges.	Musée du Berry	Bourges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campagnone Common is a historic park in Lawrence, Massachusetts.	Campagnone Common	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avonbridge (Scottish Gaelic: Droichaid Abhainne) is a small village which lies within the Falkirk council area of Scotland.	Avonbridge	Falkirk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohit Ab (Persian: محيطاب‎, also Romanized as Moḩīţ Āb; also known as Moḩīţā) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mohit Ab	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napoli Mergellina railway station (Italian: Stazione di Napoli Mergellina) serves the city and comune of Naples, in the region of Campania, Southern Italy.	Napoli Mergellina railway station	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cândido Godói is a municipality of 6,641 inhabitants in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil near the Argentine border, famous for the high number of twins born there.	Cândido Godói	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Inlet-Winyah Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve, in the U.S. State of South Carolina, features the salt marshes and ocean dominated tidal creeks of the North Inlet Estuary plus the brackish waters and marshes of the adjacent Winyah Bay Estuary.	North Inlet-Winyah Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRGR (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format serving Tupper Lake, New York, USA.	WRGR	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beef & Boards Dinner Theatre is a dinner theatre located in College Park near The Pyramids on the Northwest side of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Beef & Boards Dinner Theatre	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Hosmer House is an historic First Period house at 572 Main Street in Concord, Massachusetts.	Joseph Hosmer House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieszczyczyn (vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡ʂɨn) (German: Schönwiesenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wieszczyczyn	Gmina Dolsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cefn Meiriadog (sometimes Cefnmeriadog) is a village and a community in Denbighshire, Wales, just south of the City of St Asaph.	Cefn Meiriadog	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Fernando Valley is an urbanized valley located in Los Angeles County, southern California, defined by the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it.	San Fernando Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś koło Duczymina (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈkɔwɔ dut͡ʂɨˈmina) (``new village by Duczymin'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Wieś koło Duczymina	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jincheng (simplified Chinese: 晋城; traditional Chinese: 晉城; pinyin: Jìnchéng) is a prefecture-level city in the southeast of Shanxi province of north China.	Jincheng	Shanxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linowno (liˈnɔvnɔ) (German: Woltersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Linowno	Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirkaneh (Persian: سيركانه‎, also Romanized as Sīrkāneh and Sīrakāneh; also known as Sīrkābeh) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sirkaneh	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Electric Lake is a large reservoir on Huntington Creek high on the east slope of the Wasatch Plateau in Utah.	Electric Lake	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gibson Desert, an interim Australian bioregion, covers a large dry area in the state of Western Australia and is still largely in an almost ``pristine'' state.	Gibson Desert	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sileh Sar (Persian: سيله سر‎, also Romanized as Sīleh Sar and Sīlahsar) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sileh Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Church/St. Paul's Church is a historic church building at 3 Robertsville Road in the Riverton section of Barkhamsted, Connecticut.	Union Church/St. Paul's Church	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Chester Boarding School for Boys, also known as Square House, is a historic boarding school and national historic district located in West Chester, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	West Chester Boarding School for Boys	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beth El Cemetery is located at 4700 South 84th Street (84th and ``L'' Streets) in Ralston, a city that is south of Omaha, Nebraska.	Beth El Cemetery	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allendorf (Eder) ( )is a municipality which situated in the north west of Hesse, Germany.	Allendorf (Eder)	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyżnice (vɨʐˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Horst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wyżnice	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulder Hills (82°12′07``N 67°11′32''W) are a mountain range in northeastern Quttinirpaaq National Park, Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Boulder Hills	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tabernacle-Fireman's Field is a historic meeting site and picnic grounds located at Purcellville, Loudoun County, Virginia.	The Tabernacle-Fireman's Field	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bolte Bridge is a large twin Cantilever bridge in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Bolte Bridge	Melbourne	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qermez Cheshmeh (Persian: قرمزچشمه‎) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qermez Cheshmeh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum is an American West museum in Buffalo, Wyoming, housed in a 1909 Carnegie Library building.	Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Sarfaryab (Persian: دهنوسرفارياب‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Sarfāryāb; also known as Deh-e Now and Delī Deh-e Now) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Sarfaryab	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Chapel is a small chapel in Saint Andrew, Guernsey, situated in Les Vauxbelets.	Little Chapel	Guernsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pound Lane (Chinese: 磅巷) is a lane in Sheung Wan on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Pound Lane	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenbervie is located in the north east of Scotland in the Howe o' the Mearns, one mile from the village of Drumlithie and eight miles south of Stonehaven in Aberdeenshire.	Glenbervie	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budineh (Persian: بودينه‎, also Romanized as Būdīneh) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Budineh	Heshmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wickhambreaux (/ˈwɪkəmbruː/ WIK-əm-brew) is a large semi-rural village, just off the A257 Sandwich Road, five miles from Canterbury in the county of Kent, England, United Kingdom.	Wickhambreaux	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douwara is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southwest of Ain Ebel in the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon.	Douwara	Ain Ebel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leisele is a small Belgian town in Alveringem near the French border with about 750 inhabitants.	Leisele	Alveringem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zachariah Curtiss Houses are located at 2950 Nichols Avenue on the Farm Highway or Route 108 on the south side of Mischa Hill, and are among the oldest houses in the village of Nichols in Trumbull, Connecticut in New England.	Zachariah Curtiss House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eleven Times Square is a 40-story, 1,100,000-square-foot (102,193 m2) LEED Gold-certified office and retail tower located on Eighth Avenue at 42nd Street in the Times Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, directly across from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and immediately north of The New York Times Building.	Eleven Times Square	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lungotevere dei Mellini is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Via Vittoria Colonna to Piazza della Libertà, in the rione Prati in Rome (Italy).	Lungotevere dei Mellini	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aston Somerville is a small village approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Evesham, Worcestershire, England.	Aston Somerville	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thunderbird Motel is an Indian-themed motel that was built in 1962 along Interstate 494 and 24th Ave. in Bloomington, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis.	Thunderbird Motel	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góra Strękowa (ˈɡura strɛnˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Góra Strękowa	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	WinStar World Casino and Resort is a hotel and casino located near the Oklahoma--	WinStar World Casino	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otakuthon is Quebec's largest anime convention promoting Japanese animation (anime), Japanese graphic novels (manga), related gaming and Japanese pop-culture (music, cinema, television).	Otakuthon	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzeh-ye Hezar Qadami (Persian: پوزه هزارقدمي‎, also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Hezār Qadamī) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Puzeh-ye Hezar Qadami	Mobarakabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamepally is a village in Nalgonda district in (Telangana), India.	Jamepally	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLoud High School is a public secondary school located in Pottawatomie County in the town of McLoud, Oklahoma.	McLoud High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karjij (Persian: كارجيج‎, also Romanized as Kārjīj) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karjij	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dong'e County falls under the jurisdiction of Liaocheng Prefecture-level city, in the Shandong Province of China.	Dong'e County	Liaocheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Park Dam is an agricultural irrigation dam and reservoir built by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, on Little Stony Creek, about 30 miles (48 km) southwest of Orland, California on the northern end of the Californian Central Valley.	East Park Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalemi (Persian: ظالمي‎, also Romanized as Z̧ālemī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zalemi	Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fareless Square was an area within central Portland, Oregon, where all rides on TriMet buses and light rail and the Portland Streetcar were free.	Fareless Square	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horalpatti is a village in Hayaghat block in Darbhanga district of Bihar, India.	Horalpatti	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Passagassawakeag River (/pæsəɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pas-uh-gas-uh-WAH-keg or /pəˌsɑːɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pa-SAH-ga-suh-WAH-keg) is a 16-mile-long (26 km) river in Waldo County, Maine in the United States.	Passagassawakeag River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaftar (Persian: خافتر‎, also Romanized as Khāftar; also known as Khāftarak) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khaftar	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackfen is a largely residential area of south-east London within the London Borough of Bexley.	Blackfen	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaban Kosh (Persian: شبانكش‎‎, also Romanized as Shabān Kosh; also known as Shabān Kosh-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 15 families.	Shaban Kosh	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moriah War Memorial College (or more commonly, Moriah College) is an Australian independent, Modern Orthodox Jewish, co-educational, day school that is located in Queens Park, an eastern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales.	Moriah College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside Museum at Blake's Lock is a museum located at Blake's Lock in the town of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire.	Riverside Museum at Blake's Lock	Reading
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoher Tenn, formerly also called the Hochtenn, is a double-peaked mountain in the Austrian federal state of Salzburg.	Hoher Tenn	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takdarkhat (Persian: تكدرخت‎) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Takdarkhat	Gudarzi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamieniska (kamjɛˈniska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kamieniska	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capellen (Luxembourgish: Kapellen: Kap/Kapellen, German: Kapellen) is a town in the commune of Mamer, in south-western Luxembourg, 12 km west of Luxembourg City.	Capellen	Mamer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freeman Creek Grove (also known as Lloyd Meadow Grove) is a grove of giant sequoias located in Giant Sequoia National Monument in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California.	Freeman Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranajabad (Persian: رنج اباد‎, also Romanized as Ranajābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ranajabad	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uggeshall is a village in Suffolk, England, located approximately 6 miles (10 km) south of Beccles and 4 miles (6½km) north east of Halesworth close to the A145.	Uggeshall	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cecil Ferry is a ferry that operates in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan east of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.	Cecil Ferry	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Seneca Army Depot occupied 10,587 acres (43 km²) between Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake in Seneca County, New York.	Seneca Army Depot	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocca dei Rettori (also known as Castle of Manfredi) is a castle in Benevento, southern Italy.	Rocca dei Rettori	Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion am Gesundbrunnen was a multi-use stadium in the Gesundbrunnen locality of Berlin, Germany.	Stadion am Gesundbrunnen	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puttad is a small village in KoyilandyTaluk near Perambra in Kozhikode district, Kerala, India.	Puttad	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Appleton Building occupied the front of a small block which was bounded by Broadway (Manhattan), Leonard Street, and Catharine Alley in New York City.	Appleton Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victoria Peak (Chinese: 太平山, or previously Chinese: 扯旗山) is a mountain in the western half of Hong Kong Island.	Victoria Peak	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malay-e Anbar (Persian: ملاي انبار‎, also Romanized as Malāy-e Ānbār; also known as Malā-ye Anbār and Moleh-ye Anbār) is a village in Somghan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Malay-e Anbar	Somghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eldersloo is a village in the Netherlands and is part of the Aa en Hunze municipality in Drenthe.	Eldersloo	Aa en Hunze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helen Delich Bentley Port of Baltimore is a shipping port along the shores and branches of the Patapsco River in Baltimore, Maryland.	Port of Baltimore	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudeldorf Castle (German: Burg Dudeldorf) is the most important monument in the parish of Dudeldorf in the district of Bitburg-Prüm in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Dudeldorf Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuri Rural District (Persian: دهستان كورئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kuri Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gubity (ɡuˈbitɨ) (German Gubitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gubity	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geravian-e Sofla (Persian: گراويان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gerāvīān-e Soflá and Gerāveyān-e Soflá; also known as Gerāvīān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Geravian-e Sofla	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Friends Meeting House, Come-to-Good, is a meeting house of the Society of Friends, on the southern border of the parish of Kea, near Truro in Cornwall.	Friends Meeting House, Come-to-Good	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bull Shoals Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the White River in northern Arkansas in the United States.	Bull Shoals Dam	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Holes Cross is a crossroads on the A39 trunk road approximately 2 miles east of Wadebridge, Cornwall, United Kingdom at grid reference SX 012 736.	Three Holes Cross	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert W. Gardner House in Quincy, Illinois, Adams County, is designed in the Second Empire style (along with a few elements common to Italianate style) and found its place among the locales on the National Register of Historic Places on April 20, 1979.	Robert W. Gardner House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The changes happened in the new generation of Kerala has the same effect in Nadammal Poyil also.	Nadammal Poyil	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarom Qayah (Persian: يارمقيه‎, also Romanized as Yārom Qayah and Yārom Qayeh; also known as Yāramgiya) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Yarom Qayah	Pish Khowr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yonkers High School is located in Yonkers, New York, US, and offers the International Baccalaureate program of studies.	Yonkers High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chukar Ebrahim (Persian: چوكارابراهيم‎, also Romanized as Chūkār Ebrāhīm) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chukar Ebrahim	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dippenhall is a rural hamlet in the civil parish of Crondall in the Waverley district of Surrey, England.	Dippenhall	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beihu District (simplified Chinese: 北湖区; traditional Chinese: 北湖區; pinyin: Běihú Qū) is one of two districts of Chenzhou, Hunan province, China.	Beihu District	Chenzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czaplów (ˈt͡ʂapluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Czaplów	Gmina Bieliny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rideau Falls are two waterfalls located in Ottawa, Canada where the Rideau River empties into the Ottawa River.	Rideau Falls	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myron and Sonya Glassberg Family Conservation Area is a 429-acre (1.74 km2) protected area in northwestern Jefferson County, Missouri.	Myron and Sonya Glassberg Family Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langendreer-Alter Bahnhof is a statistical area of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Langendreer-Alter Bahnhof	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghalee (from Irish: Achadh Lí, meaning ``field of calves'') is a village, townland and civil parish in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Aghalee	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalborowice (dalbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Dalbersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dalborowice	Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ash Vale is a village in the borough of Guildford in Surrey, England and the larger, northern settlement of the civil parish of Ash.	Ash Vale	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson Square is a neighborhood in Lower Manhattan, New York City approximately bounded by West Houston Street to the north, Canal Street to the south, Sixth Avenue (Avenue of the Americas) to the east and the Hudson River to the west.	Hudson Square	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałów-Reginów (miˈxawuf rɛˈɡinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michałów-Reginów	Gmina Wieliszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuczno Pierwsze (ˈtut͡ʂnɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Tuczno Pierwsze	Gmina Tuczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Islaz is a commune in southern Romania, located in the southwestern Teleorman County, 10 km west of Turnu Măgurele.	Islaz	Teleorman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larcom Theatre is located on Wallis Street in Beverly, Massachusetts and offers concerts, theatrical productions and comedy presented by gimmeLIVE and Spectacle Management.	Larcom Theatre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The I. and E. Greenwald Steam Engine No. 1058 is a historic stationary steam engine or mill engine in Miami, Florida.	I. and E. Greenwald Steam Engine No. 1058	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Ward High School is a private, coed, Roman Catholic high school in Kansas City, Kansas, United States.	Bishop Ward High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bendigo School of Mines and Industries (the name used from 1883 to 1959) was located in Bendigo, Victoria, Australia and was established in 1873 as the Bendigo School of Mines.	Bendigo School of Mines and Industries	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derakht-e Jowz (Persian: درختجوز‎, also Romanized as Derakht Jowz) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Derakht-e Jowz	Firuzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delicious Orchards is a farm and country food market located in Colts Neck, New Jersey.	Delicious Orchards	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center is a civilian command facility in the U.S. Commonwealth of Virginia, used as the center of operations for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).	Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Båsmoen is a small village located in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Båsmoen	Rana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ansel Adams is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California.	Mount Ansel Adams	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Known by a variety of names over its 101-year existence, Rocky Glen Park was a park near Moosic, Pennsylvania, USA.	Rocky Glen Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa is the national museum and art gallery of New Zealand, located in Wellington.	Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa	Wellington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapecó is a major city in the western area of the state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, located 630 km west of Florianópolis, the capital of the state.	Chapecó	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pozzol Groppo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) east of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Alessandria.	Pozzol Groppo	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McGees Mills Covered Bridge is a historic Burr truss wooden covered bridge located near Mahaffey, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, United States.	McGees Mills Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	High West (Chinese: 西高山) is a mountain in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	High West	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ione, Nevada is a ghost town in Nye County, Nevada, located approximately 23 miles east of Gabbs, Nevada.	Ione, Nevada	Nye County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaasgrabenkirche, also known as the Wallfahrtskirche ``Mariä Schmerzen'', is a Roman Catholic parish and pilgrimage church in the suburb of Grinzing in the 19th district of Vienna, Döbling.	Kaasgrabenkirche	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baca Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``water in the shape of a horn'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (118.78 km2) of land and located roughly 32 km east of the city of Mérida.	Baca Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarrild, Denmark is a village (Danish: landsby) in Herning Municipality (Danish, kommune) in Central Denmark Region (Danish, Region Midtjylland), a part of the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark.	Skarrild, Denmark	Herning Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langendreer is the most populous district of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in Germany.	Langendreer	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bemm River is a perennial river, located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Bemm River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samphrey (Old Norse: Sandfriðarey) is an uninhabited island in the Shetland Islands, Scotland.	Samphrey	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roos-n-More Zoo is a privately owned and operated non-profit zoo in Moapa, Nevada, about an hour northeast of the Strip.	Roos-n-More Zoo	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holne is a village and civil parish on the southeastern slopes of Dartmoor in Devon, England.	Holne	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pähkinärinne (Hasselbacken in Swedish) is a suburb in Western Vantaa, in Finland.	Pähkinärinne	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manzanita Peak is a mountain in the eastern part of Mitkof Island, one of the islands in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska.	Manzanita Peak	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo dei Diamanti is a Renaissance-style palace located on Corso Ercole I d'Este 21 in Ferrara, region of Emilia Romagna, Italy.	Palazzo dei Diamanti	Ferrara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terdal (Kannada ತೇರದಾಳ) is a Municipal town in Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Terdal	Bagalkot district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanticaw Park is an Essex County-owned park in Nutley, New Jersey.	Yanticaw Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Meredith is a reservoir formed by Sanford Dam on the Canadian River at Sanford, Texas.	Lake Meredith	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virginia City Historic District is a National Historic Landmark encompassing the former mining villages of Virginia City and Gold Hill, both in Storey County, as well as Dayton and Silver City, both to the south in adjacent Lyon County, Nevada, United States.	Virginia City Historic District	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mesa J mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 16 kilometres south-west of Pannawonica.	Mesa J mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nuestra Señora de Gracia Parish Church (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Gracia) is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Palomas, Badajoz, Extremadura, western Spain.	Nuestra Señora de Gracia Parish Church	Palomas, Badajoz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolvadin (Ancient Greek: Πολύβοτον/Πολύβοτος and Latin: Polybotum/Polybotus) is a city and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in Turkey.	Bolvadin	Afyonkarahisar Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asb-e Marz (Persian: اسب مرز‎) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Asb-e Marz	Central District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paulina Lake Guard Station is a Forest Service building located in the Newberry National Volcanic Monument in Central Oregon.	Paulina Lake Guard Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anhaux (Basque: Anhauze) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France in the former province of Lower Navarre.	Anhaux	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongguocun (simplified Chinese: 东郭村; traditional Chinese: 東郭村; pinyin: Dōngguōcūn) is a town of Qiaodong District in the southern outskirts of Xingtai, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Dongguocun	Qiaodong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incheh Rahbari (Persian: اينچه رهبري‎, also Romanized as Īncheh Rahbarī; also known as Īncheh') is a village in Ijrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Incheh Rahbari	Ijrud-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Valley State University (commonly referred to as GVSU, GV, or Grand Valley) is a public liberal arts university located in Allendale, Michigan, United States.	Grand Valley State University	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darleyford (Cornish: Rys Dowr Legh, meaning ford of the rock slab river) is a hamlet in the parish of Linkinhorne in Cornwall, UK.	Darleyford	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeebropilly Mine is an open pit coal mine in the Moreton Basin near Amberley in South East Queensland.	Jeebropilly Mine	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garsevareh (Persian: گرسواره‎, also Romanized as Garsevāreh) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Garsevareh	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurd (Persian: نورد‎, also Romanized as Nūrd) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Riz District, Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Nurd	Anarestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novi Strilyshcha (Ukrainian: Нові Стрілища, formerly Polish: Strzeliska Nowe) is an urban-type settlement in Zhydachiv Raion, Lviv Oblast (region) of western Ukraine.	Novi Strilyshcha	Zhydachiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	P.J. Hoffmaster State Park is a state park along Lake Michigan located at the southwest corner of Norton Shores, in the U.S. state of Michigan in Muskegon County and the northwest corner of Spring Lake Township in Ottawa County.	Hoffmaster State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moolimangalam is a small urban area located in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Moolimangalam	Karur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eartha is the world's largest rotating and revolving globe, located within the headquarters of the DeLorme mapping corporation in Yarmouth, Maine.	Eartha	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plateaux District is a district located in the Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Plateaux District	Bandundu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jokela railway station (Finnish: Jokelan rautatieasema, Swedish: Jokela järnvägsstation) is located in Tuusula, Finland, 48 km to the north of Helsinki Central railway station.	Jokela railway station	Tuusula
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivanazzano Terme (Lombard: La Riva; known simply as Rivanazzano before 30 July 2009) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy.	Rivanazzano Terme	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadabad-e Sofla (Persian: سعدابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sa``dābād-e Soflá; also known as Sa``dābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 10 families.	Sadabad-e Sofla	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambria Public Library Building, also known as Carnegie Public Library, is a historic library building located at Johnstown, Cambria County, Pennsylvania.	Cambria Public Library Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybnica Leśna (rɨbˈnit͡sa ˈlɛɕna) (German: Reimswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rybnica Leśna	Gmina Mieroszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezerros (Calves) (Portuguese pronunciation: (biˈzeʁus)) is a municipality in northeastern Brazil, in the State of Pernambuco, near the city of Gravatá.	Bezerros	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hrabova (Ukrainian: Грабова) is a village (selo) in Busk Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Hrabova	Busk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przysucha County (Polish: powiat przysuski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Przysucha County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kent Museum of Freemasonry, is a museum in St Peters Place, Canterbury, Kent with a rare collection of masonic exhibits of national and international importance.	Kent Museum of Freemasonry	Canterbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Setamiyeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: سطاميه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Setāmīyeh-ye Kūchek; also known as Sattamiyeh and Settāmīyeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Setamiyeh-ye Kuchek	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peel Art Gallery, Museum and Archives (PAMA) is a museum, art gallery, and archives for the Peel Region, located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	Peel Art Gallery, Museum and Archives	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Montgomery State Reserve is a state reserve in the Dial Range of northwest Tasmania.	Mount Montgomery State Reserve	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastwood Village, formerly Eastwood Mall, was a shopping mall located in Birmingham, Alabama, United States.	Eastwood Village	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willaura is a town in western Victoria, Australia in the Rural City of Ararat local government area, 231 kilometres (144 mi) west of the state capital, Melbourne.	Willaura	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quincy National Cemetery is a small United States National Cemetery located in the city of Quincy, in Adams County, Illinois.	Quincy National Cemetery	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brunots Island Race Track was a one-mile dirt oval on Brunot Island in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Brunots Island Race Track	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rossocha (rɔsˈsɔxa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rossocha	Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkamar-e Barzian (Persian: سركمربرزيان‎, also Romanized as Sarkamar-e Barzīān; also known as Barzīān) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarkamar-e Barzian	Kafsh Kanan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Fox Valley No. 171, Saskatchewan was originally called Keebleville and is now named Fox Valley No. 171 as of November 27, 1926 The original founding date of Keebleville was October 29, 1913	Rural Municipality of Fox Valley No. 171	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skinner Tavern, also known as Skinner's Inn, Halfway Hotel, Western Inn, and Geyer Hotel, is a historic inn and tavern located at Letterkenny Township in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.	Skinner Tavern	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	BallenIsles is a residential community and equity club located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.	BallenIsles	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itissaalik (old spelling: Itivsâlik, also Itussaalik) is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Itissaalik	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRLY-LP is a low power FM radio station broadcasting on 107.9 MHz in Alpine, California.	KRLY-LP	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowboy Hill is an Oklahoma Historic Site located on a bluff overlooking the Salt Fork of the Arkansas river in Kay County, Oklahoma.	Cowboy Hill	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dundee Dell is a locally and nationally famous bar and restaurant in the Dundee area of Omaha, Nebraska.	Dundee Dell	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varzaq Rural District (Persian: دهستان ورزق‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Varzaq Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimberley Road (金巴利道) is a road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Kimberley Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toutunhe District (Pinyin: Tóutúnhé Qū; Uyghur: تۇدۇڭخابا رايونى‎, ULY: Tudungxaba Rayoni, UYY: Tudunghaba Rayoni?) is a district within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Ürümqi City.	Toutunhe District	Ürümqi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bjälbo Runestones are three Viking Age memorial runestones, one of which has been lost, located at Bjälbo, which is a village in Mjölby Municipality, Östergötland, Sweden.	Bjälbo Runestones	Mjölby Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eli M. Oboler Library serves the students and faculty of Idaho State University, as well as the local community of Pocatello, Idaho.	Eli M. Oboler Library	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taïm is an Israeli vegetarian restaurant located at 45 Spring Street (on the corner of Mulberry Street), in NoLita in Manhattan, New York City.	Taïm	Manhattan	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuart Powell Field (ICAO: KDVK, FAA LID: DVK) is a public-use airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) south of the central business district of Danville, a city in Boyle County, Kentucky, United States.	Stuart Powell Field	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hochheideturm is a 59 metre high observation tower, with a completely glassed prospect platform on 831 metres high, located in Ettelsberg, Germany, near Willingen.	Hochheideturm	Willingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakori or Sakuri is a small village in the Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra State, India, about 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Shirdi.	Sakori	Ahmednagar district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krawieczyn (kraˈvjɛt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krawieczyn	Gmina Bodzanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humboldt Senior High School is a public high school located in Saint Paul, Minnesota which serves students in grades 6-12.	Humboldt Senior High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angra dos Reis (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈɐ̃ɡɾɐ duʒ ˈʁejʃ)) is a Brazilian municipality located in the southern part of Rio de Janeiro state.	Angra dos Reis	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhajhar is a village, situated in the erstwhile province of Shekhawati of Rajasthan, India.	Jhajhar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Holliston Historic District encompasses an area of early colonial settlement and later development in Holliston, Massachusetts.	East Holliston Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkala (kaːrkəɭɐ) is a town and the headquarters of Karkala taluk in the Udupi district of Karnataka, India.	Karkala	Udupi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRFF-LP (95.9 FM) is a non-profit low power radio station broadcasting in Fargo, North Dakota (licensed to serve the community of Moorhead, Minnesota), airing an Alternative format.	KRFF-LP	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Shahid Montazeri (Persian: شهرك شهيدمنتظري‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Montaz̧erī; also known as Shahrak-e Shahīd Moḩammad Montaz̧erī) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shahid Montazeri	Mahmudabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mekliganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 3 Jalpaiguri (Lok Sabha constituency) (SC).	Mekliganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Jalpaiguri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Costa Rei is a frazione of the comune of Muravera in southern Sardinia.	Costa Rei	Muravera
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domysłów (dɔˈmɨswuf) (German: Dannenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Domysłów	Gmina Wolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genayit (Persian: گنائيت‎, also Romanized as Genāyīt) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Genayit	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybrodzin (pʂɨˈbrɔd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Powidz, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przybrodzin	Gmina Powidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Baghan (Persian: باغ باغان‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bāghān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Baghan	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorpe Bay is an affluent area within the Borough of Southend-on-Sea in Essex, England, located on the Thames Estuary.	Thorpe Bay	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grassy Lake Dam is a small dam operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation in Teton County, Wyoming, immediately to the south of Yellowstone National Park.	Grassy Lake Dam	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelvedon Hatch is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Brentwood in south Essex, England.	Kelvedon Hatch	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dünsberg is a hill slightly northwest of Gießen in Hesse, Germany.	Dünsberg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belleisle Bay is a fjord-like branch of the Saint John River in the Canadian province of New Brunswick.	Belleisle Bay	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khodad (Marathi: खोडद ), is a town in the Pune district of Maharashtra state, India.	Khodad	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowtujahan (Persian: دوتوجهان‎, also Romanized as Dowtūjahān; also known as Dotūjahān) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dowtujahan	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srivilliputhur is a semi-urban town and a municipality in Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Srivilliputhur	Virudhunagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Manitou Island is located in Lake Michigan, approximately 12 miles (19 km) west-northwest of Leland, Michigan.	North Manitou Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papoose Lake is a dry lake bed located in Lincoln County, Nevada, USA.	Papoose Lake	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazen Ab (Persian: پازن اب‎, also Romanized as Pāzen Āb) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pazen Ab	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanmenxia (simplified Chinese: 三门峡; traditional Chinese: 三門峽; pinyin: Sānménxiá; postal: Sanmenhsia) is a prefecture-level city in western Henan Province, China.	Sanmenxia	Henan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cambridge Center for Adult Education (CCAE), a non-profit corporation in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has been teaching adult education courses at 42 Brattle Street since taking over the building from the Cambridge Social Union in 1938.	Cambridge Center for Adult Education	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antri is a village in Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, India, lying 122 kilometres (76 mi) south of Agra, and 423 kilometres (263 mi) north of Bhopal, the state capital.	Antri	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardanbori-ye Sofla (Persian: گردن بري سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gardanborī-ye Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Gardan Borī) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gardanbori-ye Sofla	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johansen Expressway (formally, the Woodrow Johansen Expressway) is an approximately 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) expressway in Fairbanks, Alaska.	Johansen Expressway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Bergamo (Italian: provincia di Bergamo; Bergamasque: proìnsa de Bèrghem) is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy.	Province of Bergamo	Lombardy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Free Library and Reading Room-Williamstown Memorial Library, is located in The Williamstown section of Monroe Township, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Free Library and Reading Room-Williamstown Memorial Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stock Exchange Luncheon Club was a members-only dining club, on the seventh floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) at 11 Wall Street in Manhattan.	Stock Exchange Luncheon Club	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Kurtz and Sons Store Building is a historic commercial building located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens.	J. Kurtz and Sons Store Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nine Peaks is a mountain featuring numerous peaks on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 40 km (25 mi) northeast of Tofino and 4 km (2 mi) southeast of Big Interior Mountain.	Nine Peaks	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dokka is the administrative centre of Nordre Land municipality, in Oppland county, Norway.	Dokka	Nordre Land
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ogoki River is a river in the Thunder Bay and Cochrane Districts of Ontario.	Ogoki River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	YMCA Camp Minikani is a residential summer camp located along the shores of Lake Amy Belle in Hubertus, Wisconsin, in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States.	YMCA Camp Minikani	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Constitution Island is located in the Hudson River, just south of Cold Spring, Putnam County, New York.	Constitution Island	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bon Secours Wellness Arena (formerly the Bi-Lo Center) is an arena located in downtown Greenville, South Carolina that is used for concerts, football, and hockey.	Bon Secours Wellness Arena	Greenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parr's Ridge is a ridge which forms the summit of the Piedmont Plateau region in the U.S. state of Maryland.	Parr's Ridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drover's Tavern, also known as Travelers' & Drovers' Tavern, is a historic brick building in Oran, New York.	Drover's Tavern	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wałkowa (vau̯ˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wałkowa	Gmina Milicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyatt Regency Rochester is a Hyatt hotel and skyscraper located in Rochester, New York.	Hyatt Regency Rochester	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Concordia (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpweɾto koŋˈkoɾðja)) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department, Colombia.	Puerto Concordia	Meta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Randolph College is a private liberal arts and sciences college located in Lynchburg, Virginia, United States.	Randolph College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olszanowo (ɔlʂaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Olszanowo	Gmina Rzeczenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Platt Technical High School, or Platt Tech, is a technical high school located in semi-rural northern Milford, Connecticut.	Platt Technical High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Injangyang Township (also Njangyang Township; Burmese: အင်ဂျန်းယန်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma (Myanmar).	Injangyang Township	Myitkyina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhlan is a community of eight villages in Behal sub tehsil of Loharu tehsil , Bhiwani district, Haryana state, India.	Lakhlan	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurelhurst Theater is a movie theater located in the Kerns neighborhood in northeast Portland, Oregon.	Laurelhurst Theater	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ay Naz (Persian: اي ناز‎, also Romanized as Āy Nāz) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ay Naz	Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Balk-e Alireza (Persian: چقابلك عليرضا‎, also Romanized as Choqā Balk-e ``Alīreẕā) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 257, in 56 families.	Choqa Balk-e Alireza	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cisnădie (Romanian pronunciation: (t͡ʃisnəˈdi.e); German: Heltau; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Hielt; Hungarian: Nagydisznód) is a town in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania located approximately 10 km from Sibiu.	Cisnădie	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David and Elizabeth Bell Boldman House was a private house located at 3339 Canton Center Road near Sheldon in Canton Township, Michigan.	David and Elizabeth Bell Boldman House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smiths Hill Fort was a fort at North Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Smiths Hill Fort	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carapelle is a town and comune belonging to the Province of Foggia and situated in the Apulia region of southern Italy.	Carapelle	Province of Foggia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disentis (German) or Mustér ( (muˈʃteː) , Romansh), with its official name Disentis/Mustér is a village and a municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Disentis	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jisa-ye Kelarabad (Persian: جيساكلاراباد‎, also Romanized as Jīsā-ye Kelārābād; also known a sJīsā-ye Pā’īn and Jīsā-ye Soflá) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jisa-ye Kelarabad	Kelarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeshivat Har Etzion (YHE) (Hebrew: ישיבת הר עציון), commonly known as ``Gush,'' is a Hesder Yeshiva located in Alon Shvut, an Israeli settlement in Gush Etzion in the West Bank, near Jerusalem, Israel.	Yeshivat Har Etzion	Alon Shvut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xeraco is separated from the neighbouring beach resorts of Gandia and Cullera by the Ríu Vaca and swamp land containing Spain's largest native population of Hippobotomi.	Xeraco	Gandia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albert, Oklahoma is an unincorporated place in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States.	Albert, Oklahoma	Caddo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojewodza (vɔjɛˈvɔd͡za) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wojewodza	Gmina Bielawy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Automotive Building, which houses the Allstream Centre, is a heritage building at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Canada, containing event and conference space.	Automotive Building	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wissinger Laber is the right headwater of the Breitenbrunner Laber on the Franconian Jura in Bavaria, Germany.	Wissinger Laber	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acton Regional County Municipality is a regional county municipality located in the Montérégie region of Quebec.	Acton Regional County Municipality	Montérégie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumraon Tola is a village near Jagdishpur (Bhojpur) Bihar, India.	Dumraon Tola	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Gorgonio Inn was Banning, California's first hotel and was built by George W. Bryant and C. W. Filkins.	San Gorgonio Inn	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building (also known as the Federal Office Building, the Celebrezze Building, or the Federal Building for short) is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.	Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waddington Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Waddington Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salmchâteau is a village in the municipality of Vielsalm, located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.	Salmchâteau	Vielsalm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chungthang subdivision is one of the two sub-districts of North Sikkim district, in the state of Sikkim, India.	Chungthang subdivision	North Sikkim district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvignano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of Naples and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Caserta, at the foot of the Monti Trebulani.	Alvignano	Province of Caserta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hkusam Mountain is a mountain on the northeast coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 10 km (6 mi) southeast of Sayward and 36 km (22 mi) northeast of Victoria Peak.	Hkusam Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradford Regional Airport (IATA: BFD, ICAO: KBFD, FAA LID: BFD) is a public use airport located 10 nautical miles (19 km) south of the central business district of Bradford, in McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Bradford Regional Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seth Adams House is a historic house located at 72 Jewett Street, in the village of Newton Corner, in Newton, Massachusetts.	Seth Adams House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Real Fuerza de Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Zaragoza (Royal Fort of Our Lady of the Pillar of Zaragoza) also Fort Pilar is a 17th-century military defense fortress built by the Spanish colonial government in Zamboanga City, Philippines.	Fort Pilar	Zamboanga City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Sardu (Persian: چشمه سردو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sardū) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Sardu	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podbrzozówka (pɔdbʐɔˈzufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podbrzozówka	Gmina Czarna Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katannilik Territorial Park Reserve (``the place of waterfalls'') is a territorial park in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Katannilik Territorial Park Reserve	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lati Jun (Persian: لتي جون‎, also Romanized as Latī Jūn) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lati Jun	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Adineh (Persian: چشمه آدينه‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ādīneh) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Adineh	Pir Taj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martineau Place is a shopping centre located in the city centre of Birmingham, England.	Martineau Place	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steklinko (stɛˈklinkɔ) (formerly German Bayershöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Steklinko	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kajny (ˈkai̯nɨ) (German: Kainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kajny	Gmina Jonkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiram Griggs House is a historic home located in the vicinity of Altamont in Albany County, New York.	Hiram Griggs House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hayes Mansion is a hotel resort in San Jose, California, United States.	Hayes Mansion	San Jose	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shek Ngau Chau (Chinese: 石牛洲) is an uninhabited island of Hong Kong, under the administration of Tai Po District.	Shek Ngau Chau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charkheh Bayan (Persian: چرخه بيان‎, also Romanized as Charkheh Bayān, Charkheh Beyān, Charkheh Biyān, and Charkheh-ye Bayān) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Charkheh Bayan	Quri Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kietlanka (kʲɛˈtlanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kietlanka	Gmina Zaręby Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowhar Gush (Persian: گوهرگوش‎, also Romanized as Gowhar Gūsh; also known as Gowhar Gūsh-e Kāz̧emābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gowhar Gush	Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Myers Senior High School (also known as ``FMHS'') is a public school in Fort Myers, Florida.	Fort Myers Senior High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jersey City and Bergen Point Plank Road was a road in the 19th century in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States which ran between Paulus Hook and Bergen Point.	Bergen Point Plank Road	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Haines City National Guard Armory (also known as the Community Center of Northeast Polk County, Inc.) is a historic site in Haines City, Florida.	Old Haines City National Guard Armory	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDHX is an independent, non-commercial, listener-supported community radio station in St. Louis, Missouri, United States located at 88.1 MHz FM offering a full spectrum of music along with cultural and public affairs programming since 1987.	KDHX	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Fear Museum of History and Science is a museum located at 814 Market Street in downtown Wilmington in southeastern North Carolina.	Cape Fear Museum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sekher-e Olya (Persian: سخرعليا‎, also Romanized as Sekher-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 53 families.	Sekher-e Olya	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Manatee River flows almost 40 miles (64 km), from east of Fort Lonesome, Florida through southern Hillsborough County, Florida and northern Manatee County, Florida into Tampa Bay.	Little Manatee River	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Tuk (Persian: دهتوك‎, also Romanized as Deh Tūk; also known as Deh Tūg) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deh Tuk	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lehman Orchard and Aqueduct were established by Absalom Lehman, the discoverer of Lehman Caves in what would become Great Basin National Park in eastern Nevada.	Lehman Orchard and Aqueduct	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anime Central (ACen) is an annual three day anime convention held during April/May at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare & Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont, Illinois.	Anime Central	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahryansko (Bulgarian: Ахрянско) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Ahryansko	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meydavud-e Vosta (Persian: ميداودوسطي‎, also Romanized as Meydāvūd-e Vosţá) is a village in Meydavud Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Meydavud-e Vosta	Meydavud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caistor is a town and civil parish situated in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Caistor	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mauna Loa Observatory (MLO) is an atmospheric baseline station on Mauna Loa, on the island of Hawaii.	Mauna Loa Observatory	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The remains of Burleigh Castle are located just outside the village of Milnathort, 1.5 miles north of Kinross, in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Burleigh Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	São João das Lampas (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ ʒuˈɐ̃w̃ dɐʃ ˈlɐ̃pɐʃ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra, Lisbon District, Portugal.	São João das Lampas	Sintra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allen County Public Library (ACPL) is a public library system located in Fort Wayne, Allen County, Indiana, United States.	Allen County Public Library	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierra-at-Tahoe is a ski and snowboard resort in Twin Bridges, California south of Lake Tahoe.	Sierra-at-Tahoe	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agincourt Collegiate Institute (known locally as ACI or Agincourt) is a secondary school located in Agincourt, a neighbourhood in the Scarborough area of Toronto, Ontario owned and operated by the Toronto District School Board that was sanctioned by the Scarborough Board of Education prior to merger in 1998.	Agincourt Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlawn railway station is situated beside a level crossing on the R359 regional road in the village of Woodlawn in County Galway.	Woodlawn railway station	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porzeziny-Giętki (pɔʐɛˈʑinɨ ˈɡʲɛntki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Porzeziny-Giętki	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hlaingthaya Township (Burmese: လှိုင်သာယာ မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (l̥àiɴθàjà mjo̰nɛ̀); also spelt Hlaing Tharyar Township) is located in the western part of Yangon, Myanmar.	Hlaingthaya Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodzięcin (brɔˈd͡ʑent͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brodzięcin	Gmina Ojrzeń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunawanti is a small village around 10 kilometers away from Honavar, Uttara Kannada, Karnataka.	Gunawanti	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wind River Peak (13,197 feet (4,022 m)) is the highest point in the southern end of the Wind River Range that is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Wind River Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohiopyle State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 19,052 acres (7,710 ha) in Dunbar, Henry Clay and Stewart Townships, Fayette County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Ohiopyle State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenorchy Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in the village of Dalmally, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Glenorchy Parish Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Woodham Ferrers is a town and civil parish in the borough of Chelmsford, in the English county of Essex.	South Woodham Ferrers	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley and Siletz Railroad (VS) is a 40.6-mile (65.3 km) defunct railroad located in Polk and Benton counties in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Valley and Siletz Railroad	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murrayfield Stadium (known as BT Murrayfield Stadium for sponsorship reasons, or usually just known as Murrayfield) is a sports stadium located in the west end of Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland.	Murrayfield Stadium	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	D'Youville Academy is a historic school building and nunnery located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County, New York.	D'Youville Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laupheim Air Base (German: Militärflugplatz Laupheim, ICAO: ETHL) is located close to the city of Laupheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Laupheim Air Base	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panix Pass or Panixer Pass (Romansh: Pass dil Veptga, German: Panixerpass) (el. 2404 m.) is a Swiss Alpine pass between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden.	Panix Pass	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bylong Valley Way is a New South Wales country road linking the Golden Highway near Sandy Hollow to the Castlereagh Highway near Ilford.	Bylong Valley Way	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tau Devi Lal Stadium is a multi-purpose sports complex located in Gurgaon within the state of Haryana, India.	Tau Devi Lal Stadium	Gurgaon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humphrey Coliseum is a 10,575-seat multi-purpose arena in Starkville, Mississippi, that opened for the 1975-76 basketball season.	Humphrey Coliseum	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The border between Germany and Austria runs over the summit of the Second Schafalpenkopf, simultaneously separating the federal states of Bavaria and Vorarlberg.	Second Schafalpenkopf	Bavaria	Vorarlberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Healy Clean Coal Project is a clean coal technology demonstration program consisting of a coal fired electrical power station located in Healy, Alaska in Denali Borough.	Healy Clean Coal Project	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumnadrochit (Scottish Gaelic, Druim na Drochaid) is a village in the Highland local government council area of Scotland, lying on the west shore of Loch Ness, at the foot of Glen Urquhart.	Drumnadrochit	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charleston Southern University, founded in 1964 as Baptist College, is an independent comprehensive university located in North Charleston, South Carolina.	Charleston Southern University	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTCC (91.9 FM, ``T-92'') is a radio station licensed to serve Colby, Kansas, USA.	KTCC	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tomaga River, an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream, is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Tomaga River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stewartstown Engine House, Stewartstown Railroad is a historic railroad engine house located at Stewartstown, York County, Pennsylvania.	Stewartstown Engine House, Stewartstown Railroad	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The construction of Matilo therefore immediately followed the Batavian Rebellion in 69 and as such played an important role in restoring order to the province of Germania Inferior.	Matilo	Germania Inferior
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eden High School, also known simply as Eden, is a co-educational, public secondary school in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.	Eden High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crown King Ranger Station near the top of Crown King Mountain in area of Crown King, Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.	Crown King Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp White Pine is a traditional Summer camp for boys and girls aged 7 to 16, located in Haliburton, Ontario.	Camp White Pine	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatherop is a village and civil parish in the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) north of Fairford in Gloucestershire.	Hatherop	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badharlick (Cornish: Bos Harlek, meaning Harlek's dwelling) is a hamlet in the parish of Egloskerry, Cornwall, situated half way between the villages of Tregeare and Egloskerry.	Badharlick	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Wootton is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) north-east of King's Lynn.	South Wootton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzozowo-Kolonia (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo-Kolonia	Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kartaz (Persian: كرتز‎; also known as Kārtā and Kartar) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kartaz	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBWZ (``Rock 93.3'') is a classic rock radio station licensed to New Paltz, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley of New York state.	WBWZ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvish Saidi (Persian: درويش سعيدي‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Sa``īdī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 11 families.	Darvish Saidi	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Phum (Thai: ศรีภูมิ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Si Phum	Mueang Chiang Mai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavar Qaleh (Persian: گورقلعه‎, also Romanized as Gāvar Qal``eh) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 356, in 74 families.	Gavar Qaleh	Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour de Porto (Corsican: Torra di Portu) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Ota (Corse-du-Sud) on the west coast of the French island of Corsica.	Tour de Porto	Ota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Koźle (ˈstarɛ ˈkɔʑlɛ) (German Alt Cosel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stare Koźle	Gmina Bierawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franklin and Armfield Office, now known as the Freedom House Museum, is a historic commercial building at 1315 Duke Street in Alexandria, Virginia.	Franklin and Armfield Office	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Gardaneh Rangak (Persian: ده گردنه رنگك‎) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh-e Gardaneh Rangak	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vērmanes Garden (Latvian: Vērmanes dārzs, German: Wöhrmanns Garten) is the oldest public garden in the city of Riga, Latvia, and currently comprises an area of approximately 5 hectares (12 acres).	Vērmanes Garden	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falstone is a small village in Northumberland, England, just south of Kielder Water.	Falstone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Pecyna (ˈnɔva pɛˈt͡sɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Pecyna	Gmina Długosiodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Mahalleh-ye Golrudbar (Persian: پائين محله گلرودبار‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Golrūdbār and Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Gol-e Rūdbār; also known as Galrūdbār) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Mahalleh-ye Golrudbar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Soru (Persian: ابسرو‎, also Romanized as Āb Sorū) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Soru	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazipaşa (Turkish pronunciation: (ɡaˈzipaʃa)) is a town and district of Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey, 180 km east of the city of Antalya.	Gazipaşa	Antalya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Wick railway station is in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, in South West London, and is in Travelcard Zone 6.	Hampton Wick railway station	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWPT is a commercial classic rock/hits music radio station licensed in Fortuna, California, broadcasting to the Eureka, California area on 100.3 FM.	KWPT	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gimnasio Nacional José Adolfo Pineda (known as the National Gymnasium in some English sources) is an indoor sporting arena located in San Salvador, El Salvador.	Gimnasio Nacional José Adolfo Pineda	San Salvador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tubney is a small village in Oxfordshire, England (in Berkshire until 1974).	Tubney	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicollet County Courthouse and Jail are historic governmental buildings located at 501 South Minnesota Avenue in St. Peter, Minnesota, United States.	Nicollet County Courthouse and Jail	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District is a residential historic district encompassing the surviving portions of 1914-16 apartment house development on the northwest side of downtown Springfield, Massachusetts.	Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Baker Tunnel or Mount Baker Ridge Tunnel carries Interstate 90 under the Mount Baker neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	Mount Baker Tunnel	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oulu (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈoulu); Swedish: Uleåborg (ˌʉːleɔˈbɔrj)) is a city and municipality of 196,828 inhabitants (30 June 2015) in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Oulu	Northern Ostrobothnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fluor Field at the West End is a 5,700-seat baseball-only stadium in Greenville, South Carolina that opened on April 6, 2006.	Fluor Field at the West End	Greenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vlie or Vliestroom is the seaway between the Dutch islands of Vlieland, to its northeast, and Terschelling, to its southwest.	Vlie	Terschelling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milewo-Tabuły (miˈlɛvɔ taˈbuwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milewo-Tabuły	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karachaus Lagoon (Ukrainian: Карачаус, Romanian: Caraceauş) is a salty lagoon in the Tuzly Lagoons group in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast, Ukraine.	Karachaus Lagoon	Tatarbunary Raion	Odessa Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanisławów Stary (staniˈswavuf ˈstarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stanisławów Stary	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake McDonald Lodge Coffee Shop is a visitor services building in the Lake McDonald district of Glacier National Park, Montana, USA.	Lake McDonald Lodge Coffee Shop	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre Dame d'Afrique (Our Lady of Africa) is a Catholic basilica in Algiers, Algeria.	Notre Dame d'Afrique	Algiers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Sejny (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈsɛi̯nɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Kolonia Sejny	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queen Anne's County High School (QACHS) is a four-year public high school in Centreville, MD, Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States.	Queen Anne's County High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidarabad (Persian: بیدرآباد ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bidarabad	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Nuevo Los Cármenes (esˈtaðjo ˈnweβo los ˈkarmenes) is a multi-use stadium in Granada, Spain.	Estadio Nuevo Los Cármenes	Granada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward A. Reynolds West Side High School is a New York City Public Alternative High School located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.	Edward A. Reynolds West Side High School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanga Eboko (Nanga-Eboko) is a small town and capital of the Haute-Sanaga (Upper Sanaga) department in the Centre Province of Cameroon.	Nanga Eboko	Haute-Sanaga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skjærsjøen is a regulated lake in Nordmarka, Oslo, Norway.	Skjærsjøen	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mon Chong (Thai: ม่อนจอง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Omkoi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mon Chong	Omkoi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnstable County Hospital was a hospital operated by Barnstable County, Massachusetts which was operational from the late 1800s to 1995.	Barnstable County Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipowice (lipɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lipowice	Gmina Kleszczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cobblestone Inn is located along Ridge Road (state highway NY 104) in Oak-Orchard-on-the-Ridge, an unincorporated hamlet in the Town of Ridgeway, New York, United States.	Cobblestone Inn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petrer (Valencian pronunciation: (peˈtɾeɾ), Spanish: Petrel (peˈtɾel)) is a town located in the comarca of Vinalopó Mitjà, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Petrer	Vinalopó Mitjà
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fluchthorn lies between the Jamtal (Tyrol) and the Val Fenga (Graubünden).	Fluchthorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erula (Gallurese: Erula, Sardinian: Erula) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Sassari.	Erula	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amezketa (Spanish Amézqueta) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Autonomous Community, in the North of Spain.	Amezketa	Gipuzkoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Széchényi Library (Hungarian: Országos Széchényi Könyvtár) (OSZK) is a library in Budapest, Hungary.	National Széchényi Library	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Mora Moss House is a boldly romantic Carpenter Gothic style Victorian home located within Mosswood Park in Oakland, California.	J. Mora Moss House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان دهرود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dehrud Rural District	Eram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wickliffe Church is a historic Episcopal church building located at Berryville, Clarke County, Virginia.	Wickliffe Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area in Nevada is an area managed by the Bureau of Land Management as part of its National Landscape Conservation System, and protected as a National Conservation Area.	Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monceau-sur-Sambre is a section of the Belgian town of Charleroi within the Walloon region in the Province of Hainaut.	Monceau-sur-Sambre	Charleroi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Rud District (Persian: بخش سیه‌رود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Siah Rud District	Jolfa County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hollingsworth is a lake located near the center of the City of Lakeland, Florida.	Lake Hollingsworth	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Jacinto Mountains (Avii Hanupach in Mojave) are a mountain range, in Riverside County, east of Los Angeles southern California in the United States.	San Jacinto Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlist ( pronunciation ) is a village and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Vlist	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatherleigh is a small market town in west Devon, England.	Hatherleigh	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., six blocks from the United States Capitol.	Capitol Hill Baptist Church	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atna Peaks is an eroded stratovolcano or shield volcano in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska.	Atna Peaks	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fernwald is a town in the German state of Hesse, located 40 miles (64 kilometers) north of Frankfurt am Main and 4.4 miles (7 kilometers) east of Gießen.	Fernwald	Hesse	Gießen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Sefid (Persian: بن سفيد‎, also Romanized as Bon Sefīd) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bon Sefid	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kikino Metis Settlement is a Metis settlement in central Alberta, Canada within Smoky Lake County.	Kikino Metis Settlement	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chum Saeng Songkhram (Thai: ชุมแสงสงคราม) is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Chum Saeng Songkhram	Bang Rakam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khasraj-e Razi Mohammad (Persian: خسرج راضي محمد‎, also Romanized as Khasraj-e Rāz̤ī Moḩammad) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khasraj-e Razi Mohammad	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badameh (Persian: بادامه‎, also Romanized as Bādāmeh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Badameh	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gozaria is a town and a gram panchayat in Mehsana district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Gozaria	Mehsana district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John L. Nichols House is a historic former residence in Bloomington, Indiana, United States.	John L. Nichols House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Multai is a small town and a Nagar Palika in Betul district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Multai	Betul district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Równopole (ruvnɔˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Równopole	Gmina Kaczory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martim Longo is a Portuguese civil parish/freguesia in the municipality/concelho of Alcoutim, on the eastern side of the Algarve.	Martim Longo	Alcoutim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steer Island is a former bar island in Summers County, West Virginia on the New River in the United States.	Steer Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Heights Jr/Sr High School is an public secondary school located three miles west of Blue Rapids, Kansas with 96 students in grades 7--12.	Valley Heights Jr/Sr High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tupelo Regional Airport (IATA: TUP, ICAO: KTUP, FAA LID: TUP) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Tupelo, a city in Lee County, Mississippi, United States.	Tupelo Regional Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyf ol Din Rud (Persian: سيف الدين رود‎, also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn Rūd, Seyf ed Dīn Rūd, and Seyf od Dīn Rūd) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seyf ol Din Rud	Qaranqu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Maurice Trélut is part of the Tarbes sports complex in Tarbes, France.	Stade Maurice Trélut	Tarbes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cypress Bay High School is a public high school located in Weston, Florida open for students in grades 9−12.	Cypress Bay High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conservation Hall was part of a controversial renovation of the Tennessee Governor's Mansion.	Conservation Hall	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Łagowica (ˈnɔva waɡɔˈvit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowa Łagowica	Gmina Iwaniska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grenfell railway line is a partly closed railway line in New South Wales, Australia.	Grenfell railway line	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eythorne is a civil parish and small village of about 1,000 homes, located 7.3 miles NNW of Dover in Kent.	Eythorne	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broward Transitional Center (BTC) is a privately owned, for-profit detention center located at 3900 North Powerline Road, Pompano Beach, Florida.	Broward Transitional Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadland is a local government district in Norfolk, England, named after the Norfolk Broads.	Broadland	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre (PWNHC) is the Government of the Northwest Territories' museum and archives.	Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Gorge Bridge is a tourist attraction near Cañon City, Colorado within Royal Gorge Bridge & Park, a amusement park located along the edge of the Royal Gorge around both ends of the bridge.	Royal Gorge Bridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gharmala (Urdu:گھرمالہ ) is a village located in Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Gharmala	Jhelum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łasiczyn (waˈɕit͡ʂɨn) (German: Splinter Krug) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łasiczyn	Gmina Lipiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanjiang Subdistrict (Chinese: 万江街道; pinyin: Wànjiāng Jiēdào; Jyutping: maan6gong1 gaai1 dou6) is a subdistrict of the city of Dongguan, Guangdong Province, China.	Wanjiang Subdistrict	Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowntown is a hamlet on the B3303 road south of Nancegollan in west Cornwall, England.	Crowntown	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Mink Lake is a fresh water lake in the St. Lawrence River drainage basin in Hastings Highlands, Hastings County, Ontario, Canada.	Big Mink Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sroczków (ˈsrɔt͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sroczków	Gmina Pacanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głusko Małe (ˈɡwuskɔ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Głusko Małe	Gmina Karczmiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sichówek (ɕiˈxuvɛk) (German: Arnoldshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sichówek	Gmina Męcinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nathipora is a village in Doru Shahabad Tehsils in Anantnag district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Nathipora	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ininka (iˈninka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ininka	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelisad (Persian: چليساد‎, also Romanized as Chelīsād) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chelisad	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagol (Catalan pronunciation: (nəˈɣɔɫ), locally: (naˈɣɔɫ)) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Sant Julià de Lòria.	Nagol	Sant Julià de Lòria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carrigrohane Straight is a straight segment of road that stretches for 2.75 miles (4.43 km), from the edge of Cork, west to Carrigrohane, in County Cork, Ireland.	Carrigrohane Straight	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łodzierz (ˈwɔd͡ʑeʂ) (Kashubian: Łodzérz) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łodzierz	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	More prosaically, Lo Manthang is a Village Development Committee in Mustang District, Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal.	Lo Manthang	Mustang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bigham House located at 655 Pennridge Road in Chatham Village, in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1849.	Bigham House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGNG (106.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Tchula, Mississippi, USA with an urban contemporary format.	WGNG	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pungamarathupatti is a village in Virudhunagar district, Tamil Nadu.	Pungamarathupatti	Virudhunagar district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hosznia Abramowska (ˈxɔʂɲa abraˈmɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Hosznia Abramowska	Gmina Goraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paniewek (paˈɲɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Paniewek	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linda Johnson Smith Soccer Stadium is a 1,320 seat stadium located in Worcester, Massachusetts on the campus of the College of the Holy Cross.	Linda Johnson Smith Soccer Stadium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Lancaster, one in a series of forts erected along the western Texas frontier, is located in the Pecos River Valley, along Live Oak Creek, in Crockett County, Texas, United States.	Fort Lancaster	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elvebakken is one of the three boroughs that make up the town of Alta in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Elvebakken	Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clam Pond is a small cove (despite its name) in the Great South Bay, on the north side of Fire Island between Saltaire and Fair Harbor in Suffolk County, New York.	Clam Pond	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Clay Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Cooper's Rock State Forest near Cheat Neck, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Henry Clay Furnace	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobra-Kolonia (ˈdɔbra kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dobra-Kolonia	Gmina Pilica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerman County (Persian: شهرستان کرمان‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Kerman County	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arecibo Observatory is a radio telescope in the municipality of Arecibo, Puerto Rico.	Arecibo Observatory	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcade du Cinquantenaire or Arcades du Cinquantenaire is a monumental triple arch in the center of the Cinquantenaire park in Brussels, Belgium.	Arcade du Cinquantenaire	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buse Lake Protected Area, informally known as Buse Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, 23 km ESE of Kamloops near Monte Creek.	Buse Lake Protected Area	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remédios is a civil parish situated in along the northern coast of the municipality of Ponta Delgada in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Remédios	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Bedford Museum of Glass, located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, is home to a wide collection of glass ranging from ancient Mediterranean unguent bottles to designs by contemporary artists such as Dale Chihuly.	New Bedford Museum of Glass	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hirhafek (also written Hirafok, Hirhafok or Highafok) is a village in the commune of Idlès, in Tazrouk District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Hirhafek	Tazrouk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Župančiči (pronounced (ʒuˈpaːntʃitʃi)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Župančiči	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Amanollah (Persian: تل امان اله‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Amānollāh) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tall-e Amanollah	Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyriz County (Persian: شهرستان نی‌ریز‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Neyriz County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Goryńska (ˈvɔla ɡɔˈrɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Goryńska	Gmina Jastrzębia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soszyca (sɔˈʂɨt͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Soszyca	Gmina Parchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentakota (Telugu: పెంటకోట) is a village in Payakaraopeta mandal of Visakhapatnam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pentakota	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jordan Historic District is a Registered Historic District in Jordan, Minnesota, United States, that includes brick commercial and social buildings from the mid-to-late nineteenth century.	Jordan Historic District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balaskaleh (Persian: بلسكله‎; also known as Balaskaleh-ye Chūkām) is a village in Chukam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Balaskaleh	Chukam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowhargan-e Sofla (Persian: گوهرگان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gowhargān-e Soflá; also known as Dālān-e Gowhargān and Gowhargān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gowhargan-e Sofla	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drenthe (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdrɛntə)) is a province of the Netherlands, located in the northeast of the country.	Drenthe	Netherlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cammachmore (Gaelic An Camach Mòr) is a hamlet in the coastal region near the North Sea in Aberdeenshire.	Cammachmore	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Khaleseh (Persian: قلعه خالصه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Khāleşeh; also known as Qal``eh) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 623, in 161 families.	Qaleh Khaleseh	Qareh Naz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXLR is a commercial active rock music radio station in Fairbanks, Alaska, broadcasting on 95.9 FM.	KXLR	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Times-Union Center for the Performing Arts (TUCPA) (originally the Civic Auditorium and commonly known as the Times Union Center) is a performing arts center located in Jacksonville, Florida.	Times-Union Center for the Performing Arts	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caluquembe (Kalukembe) is a town and municipality in Huíla Province, Angola.	Caluquembe	Huíla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drogomiłowice (drɔɡɔmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Dromsdorf-Lohnig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Drogomiłowice	Gmina Udanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	America's Freedom Festival at Provo (also America's Freedom Festival or Freedom Festival) is a private, non-profit, non-political foundation known for organizing more than 25 annual patriotic events in and around Provo, Utah.	America's Freedom Festival at Provo	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boljevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бољевац, pronounced (bɔ̌ːʎɛʋat͡s)) is a town and municipality located in the Zaječar District of Serbia.	Boljevac	Zaječar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edson Airport, (IATA: YET, ICAO: CYET), is located within the town of Edson, Alberta, Canada.	Edson Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Wickham is a suburban area in the London Borough of Bromley.	West Wickham	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pudenak-e Jowngan (Persian: پودنك جونگان‎, also Romanized as Pūdenak-e Jowngān; also known as Pīdanak, Pūdana, and Pūdenak) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pudenak-e Jowngan	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMYK (``Rock 98.5'') is an FM mainstream rock radio station owned by Hoosier AM/FM LLC in Kokomo, Indiana.	WMYK	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmby is a village and civil parish very near Leyburn, in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.	Harmby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Spring State Park is a state park located west of Orange City, Florida in the United States.	Blue Spring State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Due Carrare is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Venice and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Padua.	Due Carrare	Province of Padua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newark Catholic High School is a private, Catholic co-educational high school located in Newark, Ohio in Licking County.	Newark Catholic High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posuchy (pɔˈsuxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raniżów, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Posuchy	Gmina Raniżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	BR-285 is an east-west Brazilian federal highway that starts in Araranguá, Santa Catarina, and crosses the Gaucho range and highlands.	BR-285	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burns Paiute Tribe of the Burns Paiute Indian Colony of Oregon is a federally recognized tribe of Northern Paiute Indians in Harney County, Oregon, United States.	Burns Paiute Tribe	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tecoh Municipality is one of 106 municipalities in Yucatán State, Mexico., located 40 km south-east of Mérida, Yucatán.	Tecoh Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gebhart Tavern, also known as the Daniel Gebhart Tavern Museum, is a small museum located in Miamisburg, Ohio, United States.	Gebhart Tavern	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhni is a town, a tehsil in Bhandara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Lakhni	Bhandara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanbarzadeh (Persian: قنبرزاده‎, also Romanized as Qanbarzādeh) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qanbarzadeh	Shahidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarławki (tarˈwafki) (German: Taberlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Tarławki	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodine's Bridge carries New York State Route 211 across the Wallkill River, a mile (1.6 km) south (west by the highway's signed direction) of the village of Montgomery, New York, United States, near Orange County Airport.	Bodine's Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiśnica (viɕˈnit͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wiśnica	Gmina Przechlewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolombari (Persian: كلمبري‎, also Romanized as Kolombarī) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kolombari	Jask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntingdon Furnace is a national historic district and historic iron furnace and associated buildings located at Franklin Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Huntingdon Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pen-y-Pass is a mountain pass in Snowdonia, Gwynedd, north-west Wales.	Pen-y-Pass	Snowdonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziaz Mahalleh (Persian: زيازمحله‎, also Romanized as Zīāz Maḩalleh; also known as Zīār Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ziaz Mahalleh	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozubiec (kɔˈzubjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kozubiec	Gmina Miłosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Beauvoir is a Chartreuse mountain culminating at 1,320 metres (4,331 ft) above sea level in the township of Saint-Jean-de-Couz in the French department of Savoie.	Mont Beauvoir	Saint-Jean-de-Couz	Savoie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartier-Morin (Haitian Creole: Katye Moren) is a commune in the Cap-Haïtien Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.	Quartier-Morin	Cap-Haïtien Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bishop's Palace, Llandaff is the ruined residence of the bishops of Llandaff, Cardiff, Wales.	Bishop's Palace, Llandaff	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergen-Hohne Training Area (German: NATO-Truppenübungsplatz Bergen or Schießplatz Bergen-Hohne) is a NATO military training area in the southern part of the Lüneburg Heath, in the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany.	Bergen-Hohne Training Area	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanzhangcheng (Chinese: 南障城镇) is a township-level division of Jingxing County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Nanzhangcheng	Jingxing County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szumsko-Kolonie (ˈʂumskɔ kɔˈlɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Szumsko-Kolonie	Gmina Raków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denpasar (Indonesian: Kota Denpasar, Indonesian pronunciation: (denˈpasar)) is the capital of Bali.	Denpasar	Bali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Down Gym, originally known as Men's Gymnasium, is a 300 seat multi-purpose arena in Tucson, Arizona.	Bear Down Gym	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ENMAX Centrium is a two-tier 6,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	ENMAX Centrium	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leaving the city-state the Lower Elbe then passes between Holstein and the Elbe-Weser Triangle with Stade until it flows into the North Sea at Cuxhaven.	Elbe	Stade
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciwoniuki (t͡ɕivɔˈɲuki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Ciwoniuki	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest College of Art & Design (NCAD) is a career-oriented college located in Poulsbo, Washington offering a BFA in Visual Communication, with Double Majors in Entertainment Art, Graphic Design, Illustration, Interactive Design, and Motion Design.	Northwest College of Art & Design	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute (SCBI) is a unit of the Smithsonian Institution located on a 3,200-acre (13 km2) campus located just outside the town of Front Royal, Virginia.	Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Howz-e Pain (Persian: سرحوض پايين‎, also Romanized as Sar Ḩowẕ-e Pā’īn and Sar Ḩowz Pā’īn) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Howz-e Pain	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson College of Health Sciences (often abbreviated and known locally as JCHS and Jefferson College,) is an independent, private, coeducational, health sciences college located in Downtown Roanoke, Virginia.	Jefferson College of Health Sciences	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Split Rock Creek State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, located in Ihlen, or just south of Pipestone.	Split Rock Creek State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George W. DeLoach House is an historic home in Hagan, Georgia.	George W. DeLoach House	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYYI (104.7 FM), branded as ``104.7 The Bear'', is a radio station serving Wichita Falls, Texas, and vicinity with a classic rock format.	KYYI	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allanshaugh is a fermtoun in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Allanshaugh	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bagdad Supper Club was a theater and entertainment venue located on north side of what then was U.S. Route 80, but now is U.S. Route 180, east of Grand Prairie, Texas, at the corner of Bagdad Road and Main Street.	Bagdad Supper Club	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Chalambar (Persian: قشلاق چلمبر‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Chalambar) is a village in Sagezabad Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Chalambar	Sagezabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Autun (French pronunciation: ​(otœ̃)) is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in Burgundy in eastern France.	Autun	Saône-et-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frederick Douglass Circle is a traffic circle located at the northwest corner of Central Park at the intersection of Eighth Avenue (Frederick Douglass Boulevard and Central Park West) and 110th Street (Cathedral Parkway and Central Park North) in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Frederick Douglass Circle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skogsvallen is a sports ground in Luleå, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team IFK Luleå.	Skogsvallen	Luleå
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desatoya Mountains are located in central Nevada in the western United States, approximately 117 miles east of Reno by road.	Desatoya Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Arazeh (Persian: ابوعراضه‎, also Romanized as Abū ʿArāz̤eh) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Arazeh	Nasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qujiu (simplified Chinese: 渠旧镇; traditional Chinese: 渠舊鎮; pinyin: Qújiù Zhèn; zhuang: Gizgiu Cin) is a town under the administration of Fusui County in southern Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Qujiu	Fusui County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Kileh (Persian: سه كيله‎, also Romanized as Seh Kīleh, Seh Keyleh, Seh Kheileh, and Seh Kīlah) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Seh Kileh	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dow Ab-e Zivdar (Persian: دواب زيودار‎, also Romanized as Dow Āb-e Zīvdār; also known as Dow Āb) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dow Ab-e Zivdar	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Anneau de Vitesse (English: The Speed Circuit) is an outdoor speed skating venue located in Grenoble, France.	L'Anneau de Vitesse	Grenoble
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamehr (Persian: طامهر‎, also Romanized as Ţāmehr; also known as Tāmar and Tamer) is a village in Allahabad Rural District, Zarach District, Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tamehr	Allahabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peringottukara located in the western side of the Thrissur District,which is one among the 14 districts of Kerala.	Peringottukara	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomarolo (German: Pommaröl) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino located around 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Trento in the northern Italian region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.	Pomarolo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wah-Sha-She Park, formerly named Wah-Sha-She State Park, is on the shore of Hulah Lake (Oklahoma) in Osage County, Oklahoma.	Wah-Sha-She Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Che Lei Pai (Chinese: 扯𢃇排) is an island in Tolo Channel in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong.	Che Lei Pai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Hill Ultralight Flightpark (FAA LID: 48P) is a public use ultralight airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Cresco, a town in Monroe County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Rocky Hill Ultralight Flightpark	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tullaroan (Irish: Tulach Ruáin, meaning ``Rowan's hill'') is a village on the west side of County Kilkenny in the Slieveardagh Hills near the Tipperary border.	Tullaroan	Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1333 the Guardian of Scotland, Sir Archibald Douglas, mustered an army in Duns to march on Berwick, which at that time was under siege by the English.	Duns	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bückeburg Air Base (German: Heeresflugplatz Bückeburg, ICAO: ETHB) is located northeast of the city of Bückeburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bückeburg Air Base	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dale Abbey is a village and civil parish in the borough of Erewash in Derbyshire in the East Midlands of England, 6 miles north east of Derby.	Dale Abbey	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siahumeh-ye Kohneh (Persian: سياحومه كهنه‎‎, also Romanized as Sīāḩūmeh-ye Kohneh) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Siahumeh-ye Kohneh	Kani Sur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reszkowce (rɛʂˈkɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Reszkowce	Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	WILN (105.9 FM, ``Island 106'') is a US commercial radio station located in Panama City, Florida.	WILN	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanjabadleh (Persian: سنجبدله‎; also known as Sangili, Sanjīdleh, and Senjīdlah) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sanjabadleh	Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taraqi Tork (Persian: طراقي ترك‎, also Romanized as Ţarāqī Tork; also known as Tarāqān) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taraqi Tork	Baba Aman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape May Canal is a 2.9-nautical mile (3.3 mi; 5.4 km) waterway connecting Cape May Harbor to the Delaware Bay, at the southern tip of Cape May County, New Jersey.	Cape May Canal	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bluff Springs Church and School is a historic dual-purpose building in rural northwestern Stone County, Arkansas.	Bluff Springs Church and School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petrella Liri is a frazione of Cappadocia in the Province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Petrella Liri	Cappadocia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochester International Airport (IATA: RST, ICAO: KRST, FAA LID: RST) is a nonhub primary airport located seven miles (11 km) southwest of the central business district of Rochester, a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.	Rochester International Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrosołowo (dɔbrɔsɔˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dobrosołowo	Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portlethen Village is a settlement along the North Sea coast in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Portlethen Village	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Discovery Claim is a mining claim at Bonanza Creek, a watercourse in the Yukon, Canada.	Discovery Claim	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulwell railway station on the Shepperton Branch Line serves Fulwell in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	Fulwell railway station	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Nockamixon is a reservoir in southeastern Pennsylvania, United States, and the largest lake in Bucks County.	Lake Nockamixon	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadugankuthagai is a revenue village under Alathur, Thanjavur panchyath in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Vadugankuthagai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gijan (Persian: گيجان‎, also Romanized as Gījān; also known as Kījān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gijan	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	B. H. Carroll Theological Institute is an accredited Christian Baptist institution in Irving, Texas with multiple sources of funding and a self-perpetuating board of governors.	B. H. Carroll Theological Institute	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanover Terrace overlooks Regent's Park in City of Westminster, London, England.	Hanover Terrace	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delkun (Persian: دلكون‎, also Romanized as Delkūn; also known as Delkan) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Delkun	Mugarmun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZOK (branded as 97ZOK) is a radio station serving the Rockford, Illinois area with a Top 40 (CHR) format.	WZOK	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Bone Creek No. 108 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.	Rural Municipality of Bone Creek No. 108	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Orzeszowska (ˈvɔla ɔʐɛˈʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Orzeszowska	Gmina Miedzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulassai, Ulàssai in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ogliastra in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Tortolì.	Ulassai	Province of Ogliastra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xaidulla, also spelled Shahidullah or Shahidula (altitude ca. 3,646 m or 11,962 ft), or Saitula in Chinese, is a town in Pishan County in the southwestern part of Xinjiang Autonomous Region, China.	Xaidulla	Pishan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izvoru Crișului (Romanian: Izvoru Crișului; Hungarian: Körösfő, German: Krieschwej); is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Izvoru Crișului	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senja is located along the Troms county coastline with Finnsnes as the closest town.	Senja	Troms
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puqian (Chinese: 铺前镇) is a port town on the eastern shore of Dongzhai Harbor in Wenchang, Hainan province, China.	Puqian	Wenchang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dammahad (Persian: دم مهد‎) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dammahad	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Triple U Buffalo Ranch is a 50,000-acre (20,000 ha) ranch in northern Stanley County, South Dakota.	Triple U Buffalo Ranch	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSOB (96.7 FM, ``Kansas Country 96.7'') is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Larned, Kansas, USA.	KSOB	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aleksandria Krzywowolska (alɛkˈsandrja kʂɨvɔˈvɔlska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Aleksandria Krzywowolska	Gmina Rejowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The total length of Imperial Highway is approximately 41 miles (66 km), of which 14 miles (23 km) run through Orange County and 27 miles (43 km) through Los Angeles County.	Imperial Highway	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooton Pagnell is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England, on the border with West Yorkshire.	Hooton Pagnell	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caroline Park is a 17th-century mansion in the Granton area of Edinburgh.	Caroline Park	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caidian District (simplified Chinese: 蔡甸区; traditional Chinese: 蔡甸區; pinyin: Càidiàn qū) is one of 13 districts of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, forming part of the city's southwestern suburbs and situated on the northwestern (left) bank of the Yangtze River.	Caidian District	Wuhan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gargeh (Persian: گارگه‎, also Romanized as Gārgeh; also known as Garga and Kārged) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gargeh	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deserted River is a short river in the Jervis Inlet region of the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada, flowing in a short course generally southwest into the eastern ``elbow'' of that inlet, to the southeast of Malibu, British Columbia.	Deserted River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milewo-Wypychy (miˈlɛvɔ vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milewo-Wypychy	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panienka (paˈɲenka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Panienka	Gmina Jaraczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahl-e Iman (Persian: اهل ايمان‎, also Romanized as Ahl-e Īmān) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ahl-e Iman	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edlandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county, Norway, next to the town Ålgård.	Edlandsvatnet	Gjesdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corcoran Field is a 1,600-seat soccer stadium located on the campus of Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Corcoran Field	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Johnston Airport (ICAO: YLJN) is located near Lake Johnston, Western Australia.	Lake Johnston Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prignitz (German pronunciation: (ˈpʁiːɡnɪts)) is a Kreis (district) in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.	Prignitz	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leelanau Peninsula is a peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan that extends about 30 miles (50 km) from the Lower Peninsula of Michigan into Lake Michigan.	Leelanau Peninsula	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Warner Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area 12 miles (19 km) east of Alturas, California, USA.	South Warner Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brosemer Brewery, also known as the Seaway Supply Building, is a historic brewery located at Oswego in Oswego County, New York.	Brosemer Brewery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casey State Recreation Site is a day-use only state park located 29 miles northeast of Medford, Oregon off Oregon Route 62.	Casey State Recreation Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College of Creative Studies is one of the three undergraduate colleges at the University of California, Santa Barbara, unique within the University of California system in terms of structure and philosophy.	College of Creative Studies	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yengabad-e Kuh (Persian: ينگ ابادكوه‎, also Romanized as Yengābād-e Kūh; also known as Nīgābād-e Kūh) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yengabad-e Kuh	Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anglesea Barracks is an Australian Defence Force barracks in central Hobart, Tasmania.	Anglesea Barracks	Hobart
located in the administrative territorial entity	First National Bank in Fleetwood, also known as the First National Bank of Fleetwood and Kutz Brothers Store and Hosiery Mill, is a historic home located at Fleetwood, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	First National Bank in Fleetwood	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Kazab (Persian: چاه كاذب‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Kāẕab) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Kazab	Paskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajiabad-e Minooyi (Persian: حاجی‌آباد مینویی ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajiabad-e Minooyi	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenton Avenue is an east-west distributor road in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, located within the City of Joondalup.	Shenton Avenue	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanticleer Point is a geographical landmark on the Oregon side of the Columbia River Gorge.	Chanticleer Point	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allstedt (German pronunciation: (ˈalʃtɛt)) is a town the district of Mansfeld-Südharz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Allstedt	Mansfeld-Südharz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams' Conquest, also known as Williams' Green, is a historic home located at Marion Station, Somerset County, Maryland, United States.	Williams' Conquest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zonnebloem (previously known as District 6) is a suburb in City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Zonnebloem	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tufnell Park is an area of north London, England which straddles the border of the London Borough of Islington and the London Borough of Camden.	Tufnell Park	London Borough of Islington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitche (German and Lorraine Franconian : Bitsch) is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	Bitche	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moravský Krumlov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmorafskiː ˈkrumlof); German: Mährisch Kromau) is a town in the Znojmo District, South Moravian Region, Czech Republic.	Moravský Krumlov	Znojmo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estéron is a river that flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence and Alpes-Maritimes departments of southeastern France.	Estéron	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posada Rybotycka (pɔˈsada rɨbɔˈtɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Posada Rybotycka	Gmina Fredropol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Kuhak (Persian: پس كوهك‎, also Romanized as Pas Kūhak) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pas Kuhak	Qarah Chaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrđe (Serbian: Мрђе) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mrđe	Drvar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eleios-Pronnoi (Greek: Ελειός-Πρόννοι) is a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Eleios-Pronnoi	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bącki (ˈbɔnt͡skʲi) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bącki	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warcimino (vart͡ɕiˈminɔ) (German Varzmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warcimino	Gmina Potęgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezaran-e Sofla (Persian: هزاران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Hezārān-e Soflá) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hezaran-e Sofla	Quri Chay-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobużek (dɔˈbuʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dobużek	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chobe District is an administrative district in the northern part of Botswana, with the headquarters in Kasane.	Chobe District	Botswana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaudière-Appalaches (French pronunciation: ​(ʃodjɛʁ apalaʃ)) is an administrative region in Quebec, Canada.	Chaudière-Appalaches	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naval Ordnance Laboratory (NOL), now disestablished, formerly located in White Oak, Maryland was the site of considerable work that had practical impact upon world technology.	Naval Ordnance Laboratory	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ninian Park was a football stadium in the Leckwith area of Cardiff, Wales.	Ninian Park	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saranjirak (Persian: سرانجيرك‎, also Romanized as Saranjīrak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Saranjirak	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musée Marmottan Monet is located at 2, rue Louis Boilly in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.	Musée Marmottan Monet	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pay Par Rud Sameh (Persian: پاي پررودسمه‎, also Romanized as Pāy Par Rūd Sameh) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pay Par Rud Sameh	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werribee Park is the estate of a historical building in Werribee, Victoria, Australia.	Werribee Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesse H Turner Park is a public park in Memphis, Tennessee at the corner of South Parkway and Bellevue in South Memphis.	Jesse H Turner Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tondok (Persian: تندك‎, also Romanized as Tandok; also known as Tondūk) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tondok	Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erkerode is a small village and a community in the District of Wolfenbüttel, in the south-east of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Erkerode	Wolfenbüttel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipio XIX was an administrative subdivision of the city of Rome.	Municipio XIX	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dartum (Persian: درتوم‎, also Romanized as Dartūm and Dartowm) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dartum	Aladagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	As of 2010, Houston Street is served by the M21 New York City Bus route from the FDR Drive to Washington Street.	Houston Street	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Echeverria Field is an abandoned airfield, located approximately 15 miles (24 km) west of Wickenburg, Arizona.	Echeverria Field	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Älvängen (earlier Elfängen) is a locality situated in Ale Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Älvängen	Ale Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William H. Kibbie-ASUI Activity Center (commonly known as the Kibbie Dome) is a multi-purpose indoor athletic stadium in Moscow, Idaho, on the campus of the University of Idaho.	Kibbie Dome	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robinson High School Auditorium-Gymnasium, also known as the RHS Gym was a historic gymnasium located on the campus of Robinson High School in Robinson, Illinois.	Robinson High School Auditorium-Gymnasium	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clyde Mountain, at an elevation of 781 metres (2,562 ft) AHD , is a mountain in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Clyde Mountain	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savannah State University is a four-year, state-supported, historically black university (HBCU) located in Savannah, Georgia.	Savannah State University	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mukundgarh is a city and a municipality in Jhunjhunu district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.It is part of Shekhawati region.	Mukundgarh	Jhunjhunu district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ho Tung Lau (Chinese: 何東樓) is a former area northeast of Lok Lo Ha in Sha Tin, near the MTR and on the former shore of Sha Tin Hoi, in the New Territories, Hong Kong.	Ho Tung Lau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Polhemus Memorial Clinic in Cobble Hill, Brooklyn, New York City was built in 1897 as an extension of a hospital for the poor on the corner of Henry and Amity streets.	Polhemus Memorial Clinic	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson Public Schools District is a coalition of public schools located in Hudson, Middlesex County, Massachusetts.	Hudson Public Schools	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton-in-the-Isle, commonly referred to simply as Sutton, is a parish and village in the county of Cambridgeshire in England, near the city of Ely.	Sutton-in-the-Isle	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Meadow Beach Historic District is a peninsula of public park-land approximately 1.5 miles long and a national historic district located in northwestern Stony Brook in Suffolk County, New York.	West Meadow Beach Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turangzai is one of the eight villages of Hashtnagar area in Charsadda District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.	Turangzai	Charsadda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anaheim Regional Medical Center, formerly known as Anaheim Memorial Medical Center, is a 228 bed, acute care hospital in North Anaheim, California.	Anaheim Regional Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daliao District (Chinese: 大寮區; pinyin: Dàliáo Qū; Wade--Giles: Ta4-liao2 Ch'ü1) is a suburban district in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Daliao District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tellow-e Pain (Persian: تلوپائين‎, also Romanized as Tellow-e Pā’īn, Talū Pā’īn, and Tellow Pā’īn) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tellow-e Pain	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chylice-Osada (xɨˈlit͡sɛ ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chylice-Osada	Gmina Jaktorów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaraszów-Kolonia (zaˈraʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zaraszów-Kolonia	Gmina Bychawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaworska Wola (jaˈvɔrska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaworska Wola	Gmina Sienno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toila Parish (Estonian: Toila vald) is an Estonian municipality located in Ida-Viru County.	Toila Parish	Ida-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gregory's Four Corners Burial Ground, a cemetery established in Trumbull, Connecticut in 1761, is located on Spring Hill Road near the Monroe town line and is maintained by the Trumbull Parks Commission.	Gregory's Four Corners Burial Ground	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orange Empire Railway Museum (OERM, reporting mark OERX), on 2201 South ``A'' Street in Perris, California, is a railroad museum founded in 1956 at the Pinacate Station as the ``Orange Empire Trolley Museum.''	Orange Empire Railway Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The building which now houses the Dancehouse Theatre, on Oxford Road in Manchester, was originally designed by Pendleton and Dickson for property developer Emannuel Nove a Ukrainian who came to Manchester in the late 1800s.	Dancehouse	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damameh (Persian: دمامه‎‎, also Romanized as Damāmeh; also known as Damān) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Damameh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Zumwalt Park is an historic site within O’Fallon in St. Charles County, in the US state of Missouri.	Fort Zumwalt Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Burzecka (ˈvɔla buˈʐɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Burzecka	Gmina Wojcieszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowzareh (Persian: كوزره‎, also Romanized as Koozreh; also known as Gū Zereh, Kūh Zareh, Kūh Zereh, Kūrza, and Kūzra) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kowzareh	Shur Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cobble Hill Tunnel (popularly the Atlantic Avenue Tunnel) of the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) is an abandoned railroad tunnel beneath Atlantic Avenue in downtown Brooklyn, New York City.	Cobble Hill Tunnel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jodłowno (jɔdˈwɔvnɔ) (German: Stangenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jodłowno	Gmina Przywidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naplar (Persian: ناپلار‎, also Romanized as Nāplār; also known as Nāflār and Nāplār-e Bālā) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Naplar	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Bagińskie (ˈstarɛ baˈɡiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Bagińskie	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bersun (Persian: برسون‎, also Romanized as Bersūn) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bersun	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svit is a small town and municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region in northern Slovakia.	Svit	Poprad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henkel-Duke Mercantile Company Warehouse, also known as Charles Henkel & Co. Building or Montgomery Ward Warehouse, is a historic warehouse in downtown Pueblo, Colorado.	Henkel-Duke Mercantile Company Warehouse	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 27 January 1927, Poggio Mirteto has been part of the Province of Rieti which was established in the same year by Decree.	Poggio Mirteto	Province of Rieti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Três de Maio (English: ``Third of May'') is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Três de Maio	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khosrow Basheh (Persian: خسروباشه‎, also Romanized as Khosrow Bāsheh) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khosrow Basheh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connecticut Connection is a high-rise building located at 1101 Connecticut Avenue NW in the United States capital of Washington, D.C..	Connecticut Connection	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lestkowo (lɛstˈkɔvɔ) (German: Groß Leistikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lestkowo	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pałck (pau̯t͡sk) (German: Palzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pałck	Gmina Skąpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takoma Academy is a parochial, co-educational high school located in Takoma Park, Maryland operated by the Potomac Conference of Seventh-day Adventists.	Takoma Academy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius, Herculaneum (Italian: Ercolano) was an ancient Roman town destroyed by volcanic pyroclastic flows in 79 AD.	Herculaneum	Ercolano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coln St. Aldwyns (sometimes Coln St. Aldwyn) is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of the English county of Gloucestershire.	Coln St. Aldwyns	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragvoll is a location in Trondheim, Norway, which hosts the campus for the faculties of social sciences and humanities of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).	Dragvoll	Trondheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bad-e Pedari (Persian: اببادپدري‎, also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Pedarī; also known as Āb Bād, Āb Bād-e Peders, and Āb Yād-e Badrī) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Bad-e Pedari	Khabar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mattamuskeet National Wildlife Refuge is a federally protected wildlife refuge located within Hyde County, North Carolina, USA.	Mattamuskeet National Wildlife Refuge	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Thurgau (German: Thurgau , anglicized as Thurgovia) is a northeast canton of Switzerland.	Thurgau	Switzerland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cedarville Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Northern Paiute people in Modoc County, California, about 30 miles south of the Oregon border.	Cedarville Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmer L. Meyers Junior/Senior High School (commonly known throughout the area as 'E. L. Meyers' or 'Meyers') is an urban, public school located on 341 Carey Avenue, in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.	Elmer L. Meyers Junior/Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ödsmål is a locality situated in Stenungsund Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 608 inhabitants in 2010.	Ödsmål	Stenungsund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bures is a small village in England on the Essex and Suffolk borders.	Mount Bures	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunstnernes Hus (Norwegian for ``Artists' House'') is an art gallery in Oslo, Norway.	Kunstnernes Hus	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łabunie-Reforma (waˈbuɲɛ rɛˈfɔrma) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łabunie-Reforma	Gmina Łabunie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmes County State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi located off U.S. Route 51 approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Durant.	Holmes County State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Borideh Shelal (Persian: كوه بريده شلال‎, also Romanized as Kūh Borīdeh Shelāl; also known as Kūh Borīdeh) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuh Borideh Shelal	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Lawrence Market North is a public market building in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	St. Lawrence Market North	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fatu Hiva (the ``H'' is not pronounced, see name section below) is the southernmost island of the Marquesas Islands, in French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Fatu Hiva	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Domingo ( meaning ``Saint Dominic''), officially Santo Domingo de Guzmán, is the capital and largest city in the Dominican Republic and the largest city in the Caribbean by population.	Santo Domingo	Dominican Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karsidan (Persian: كارسيدان‎, also Romanized as Kārsīdān) is a village in Dehshal Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Karsidan	Dehshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miniszew (miˈniʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miniszew	Gmina Żerków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chosewood Park is a neighborhood in southeast Atlanta, Georgia in the United States.	Chosewood Park	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Mansion is a 36-storey condominium tower in Mississauga, Ontario standing 112 metres (369 feet) tall.	The Park Mansion	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarion-Limestone Jr/Sr High School is a public Junior/Senior High School, in Strattanville, central Clarion County, Pennsylvania, with 522 students in grades 7-12	Clarion-Limestone Jr/Sr High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parsons Peak is a mountain in Yosemite National Park and the Cathedral Range of California's Sierra Nevada.	Parsons Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dangizak (Persian: دنگيزك‎, also Romanized as Dangīzak) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Dangizak	Tankaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Fathallah (Persian: كلاته فتح اله‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Fatḥāllah) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Fathallah	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longkhum is a village located 17 km south-west of Mokokchung, in Nagaland, North-East India.	Longkhum	Nagaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordijan (Persian: جرديجان‎, also Romanized as Jordījān and Jardījān; also known as Jardgān) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Jordijan	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aade (or Ade or आडे) is very small village in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra, India.	Aade	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brumfield Elementary School is an elementary school located near Princeton Community High School in Princeton, Indiana, USA and is part of the North Gibson School Corporation.	Brumfield Elementary School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boxmoor, or Boxmoor Village, is a district of Dacorum in Hertfordshire, England.	Boxmoor	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOUR (96.9 FM) is a classic rock radio station that broadcasts from Utica, New York.	WOUR	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sticht Range is a mountain range located in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.	Sticht Range	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeley Community Theatre is a theatre located in Berkeley, California, on the campus of Berkeley High School.	Berkeley Community Theatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czerchów (ˈt͡ʂɛrxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Czerchów	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otley Museum is in the town of Otley, near Leeds in West Yorkshire, England.	Otley Museum	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coast Meridian Overpass is a four-lane cable stayed bridge in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, crossing the Canadian Pacific railyard.	Coast Meridian Overpass	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charity Island Light is a lighthouse on Big Charity Island in Lake Huron just off the coast of Au Gres, Northern Michigan.	Charity Island Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rish Vand (Persian: ريسه وند‎, also Romanized as Rīsh Vand) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rish Vand	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorenje Kronovo (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈkɾoːnɔʋɔ)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Kronovo	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gyaidar is a town and township in Damxung County in the Lhasa Prefecture of Tibet, China.	Gyaidar	Damxung County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horspath is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) east of the centre of Oxford, England.	Horspath	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleveland Institute of Art, previously Cleveland School of Art, located in University Circle, Cleveland, Ohio, is one of the nation's leading independent colleges of art and design.	Cleveland Institute of Art	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Do (Persian: اكبر آباد2‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Do; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Siriz Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Do	Yazdanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzo Ulugbek (also spelled Mirzo Ulug'bek or Mirza Ulugbeg) is one of 11 districts (tuman) of Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.	Mirzo Ulugbek	Tashkent
located in the administrative territorial entity	``BuBi'' (officially: MOL BuBi) is a bicycle sharing network in Budapest, Hungary.	BuBi	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namsvatnet (Southern Sami: Nååmesjenjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Namsvatnet	Røyrvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirnal (Persian: ميرنال‎, also Romanized as Mīrnāl) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mirnal	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turnu Măgurele (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌturnu məɡuˈrele)) is a city in Teleorman County, Romania (in the informal region of Wallachia).	Turnu Măgurele	Teleorman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harabarjan Rural District (Persian: دهستان هرابرجان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Harabarjan Rural District	Marvast District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haddon Township High School is a four-year comprehensive community public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades, located in Haddon Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Haddon Township School District.	Haddon Township High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Evans-Haynes Burn Center at the VCU Medical Center/Virginia Commonwealth University was founded in 1947 and is the oldest civilian burn center in the country.	Evans-Haynes Burn Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ecca Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, on the regional road R67, between Grahamstown and Fort Beaufort.	Ecca Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wolgan River, a watercourse of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wolgan River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caesars Head State Park is a park in northern Greenville County, South Carolina, that borders Transylvania County, North Carolina, and is reached via US 276.	Caesars Head State Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rider-Hopkins Farm and Olmsted Camp is a historic farm and summer camp located at Sardinia in Erie County, New York.	Rider-Hopkins Farm and Olmsted Camp	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusaj-e Sofla (Persian: كوسج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūsaj-e Soflá) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kusaj-e Sofla	Anguran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darin Kabud (Persian: درين كبود‎, also Romanized as Darīn Kabūd) is a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Darin Kabud	Azadlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Rybacka (kɔˈlɔɲa rɨˈbat͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kolonia Rybacka	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJJF (88.9 FM) is a National Public Radio member station in Harlingen, Texas, United States.	KJJF	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horace Baker Log Cabin is a historic log cabin located near Carver, Oregon, United States.	Horace Baker Log Cabin	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diakhao Arrondissement (Serer proper : Jaxaaw) is an arrondissement of the Fatick Department in the Fatick Region of Senegal.	Diakhao Arrondissement	Fatick Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ji-Paraná (sometimes spelled Jiparaná) is the second most populous city in the Brazilian state of Rondônia.	Ji-Paraná	Rondônia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yankee Doodle Coffee Shop, also known as The Doodle, was a diner in New Haven, Connecticut that catered to the Yale University community for 58 years before closing on January 28, 2008.	Yankee Doodle Coffee Shop	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joe's Valley is a large concentration of sandstone boulders East of the Joe's Valley Reservoir near Orangeville, Utah.	Joe's Valley	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dublin Irish Festival is an annual music and cultural festival held in Dublin, Ohio.	Dublin Irish Festival	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Pohenegamook (Lac Pohénégamook) is a Canadian lake located in southeastern Quebec immediately north of the International Boundary with Maine (at Aroostook County).	Lake Pohenegamook	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	McGill University is an English-language public research university in Montreal, Canada.	McGill University	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goszczyce Poświętne (ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Goszczyce Poświętne	Gmina Baboszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dän Tàgé (``Person River'', formerly the Indian River) is a river in Yukon Territory, Canada.	Dän Tàgé	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pawtucket Times Building is an historic site at 23 Exchange Street in the historic central business district of Pawtucket, Rhode Island.	Pawtucket Times Building	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Market House Museum is a small museum in Watchet, Somerset, England.	Market House Museum	Watchet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamar Yek (Persian: ممريك‎) is a village in Sumar Rural District, Sumar District, Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mamar Yek	Sumar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dustan (Persian: دوستان‎, also Romanized as Dūstān) is a village in Shepiran Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dustan	Shepiran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banainia is an ancient village located in the Saraigarh Bhaptiyahi C.D. block of Supaul district in Bihar, India.	Banainia	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savala is a village and seat of Lüganuse Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.	Savala	Lüganuse Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Wade Correctional Center (DWCC) is a Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections prison located in an unincorporated area of Claiborne Parish between Homer and Haynesville, Louisiana.	David Wade Correctional Center	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenway Avenue Stadium, located in Cumberland, Maryland serves as the primary athletics stadium for Allegany County, Maryland, United States.	Greenway Avenue Stadium	Cumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seafield Tower is a ruined castle on the North Sea coast of Fife in Scotland (grid reference NT279884).	Seafield Tower	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Gavdari (Persian: حسن گاوداري‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Gāvdārī; also known as Ḩasan) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Hasan Gavdari	Zangvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipa-Miklas (ˈlipa ˈmiklas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lipa-Miklas	Gmina Lipsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarem (Persian: زارم‎, also Romanized as Zārem and Zāharam; also known as Vārem) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zarem	Shirvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castellau (``fortifications''; alternate: Castella) is a hamlet, with a country house of the same name in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, South Wales.	Castellau	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat-e Sang (Persian: رباطسنگ‎, also Romanized as Robāt Sang) is a city in and capital of Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Robat-e Sang	Jolgeh Rokh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olive Branch Missionary Baptist Church, also known as Olive Branch Baptist Church, is a historic Baptist church located at Moneta, Bedford County, Virginia, USA.	Olive Branch Missionary Baptist Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lop County (Uyghur: لوپ ناھىيىسى‎, ULY: Lop Nahiyisi, UYY: Lop Nah̡iyisi?) is a county within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Hotan Prefecture.	Lop County	Hotan Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunkeld and Birnam railway station serves the towns of Dunkeld and Birnam in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Dunkeld and Birnam railway station	Perth and Kinross	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Technical High School, also known as Central Tech, is located on South Warren Street in Syracuse, New York.	Central Technical High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudawka Rymanowska (ruˈdafka rɨmaˈnɔfska) (Ukrainian: Рудавка Риманівська, Rudavka Rymanivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rudawka Rymanowska	Gmina Rymanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derakht-e Sefidar (Persian: درخت سفيدار‎, also Romanized as Derakht-e Sefīdār; also known as Sefīd Dāl) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Derakht-e Sefidar	Piveh Zhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliyan Rural District (Persian: دهستان آليان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Aliyan Rural District	Sardar-e Jangal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badiyeh-ye Seh (Persian: باديه سه‎, also Romanized as Bādīyeh-ye Seh) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Badiyeh-ye Seh	Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartem was a village in the Heidmark, an area within the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Hartem	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Doelen is a concert venue and convention centre in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	De Doelen	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stade de la Beaujoire - Louis Fonteneau, or ``Stade de la Beaujoire'' (French pronunciation: ​(stad də la boˈʒwaʁ)), is a stadium in Nantes, France.	Stade de la Beaujoire	Nantes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ciudad Real Madrid (Real Madrid City) is the name given to Real Madrid's training facilities located outside Madrid in Valdebebas near Barajas airport.	Ciudad Real Madrid	Valdebebas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ImaginAsian was a movie theater in midtown Manhattan, New York City, dedicated to exclusively showcasing Asian and Asian American films.	The ImaginAsian	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stovner is a district located to the far north east of the city of Oslo, Norway.	Stovner	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naseh Tavis (Persian: نسه طاويس‎, also Romanized as Naseh Ţāvīs) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Naseh Tavis	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czepielowice (t͡ʂɛpjɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czepielowice	Gmina Lubsza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldersbach is a French-speaking commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Waldersbach	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Charlotte High School (PCHS) is a four-year, comprehensive, public high school located in Port Charlotte, Florida, US.	Port Charlotte High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindenhurst Senior High School (LSHS) is a public high school in Lindenhurst, New York on the South Shore of Long Island.	Lindenhurst Senior High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The AG Märkische Kleinbahn or MKB in Berlin is a German railway museum and heritage railway, founded in 1981, with legal status as a society since 1982.	AG Märkische Kleinbahn	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texas Christian University (TCU) is a private, coeducational university located in Fort Worth, Texas.	Texas Christian University	Fort Worth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Hill House is a private residence named for the Indian Hills of Groton, Massachusetts.	Indian Hill House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talli-ye Kushk (Persian: تلي كوشك‎, also Romanized as Tallī-ye Kūshk; also known as Tall-e Kūshk) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Talli-ye Kushk	Khabar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sigavé (also Singave or Sigave) is one of the three official chiefdoms of the French territory of Wallis and Futuna (the other two being Uvea and Alo) in Oceania in the South Pacific Ocean.	Sigave	Wallis and Futuna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garden Street Academy is a K-12 independent school located in Santa Barbara, California, United States.	Garden Street Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frankfurter Tor (``Frankfurt Gate'') is a large square in the inner-city Friedrichshain locality of Berlin, the capital city of Germany.	Frankfurter Tor	Friedrichshain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lervik is a village in the municipality of Fredrikstad, Norway, located by the Oslofjord.	Lervik	Fredrikstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habaja is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Kose Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Habaja	Kose Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łobżany (pronunciation: (wɔbˈʐanɨ), German: Labes A und D, Labes Tivoli) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łobżany	Gmina Łobez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ivy City is a small neighborhood in Northeast Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Ivy City	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kojid Rural District (Persian: دهستان كجيد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kojid Rural District	Rankuh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalinga Park is a heritage-listed park at 100 Bertha Street, Wooloowin, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Kalinga Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lialehkal-e Pain (Persian: لياله كل پايين‎, also Romanized as Līālehkal-e Pā’īn; also known as Līālekal) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lialehkal-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monte Brè funicular, or Funicolare Cassarate - Monte Brè, is a funicular railway in the city of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Monte Brè funicular	Lugano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comins Hall, also known as the East Eddington Public Hall and the Eddington-Clifton Civic Center, is a historic social and civic meeting hall at 1387 Main Road in Eddington, Maine.	Comins Hall	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ražanac (Italian: Rassanze) is a municipality in Croatia in the Zadar County.	Ražanac	Zadar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Museums Scotland and partners have developed the National Museum of Rural Life, previously known as the Museum of Scottish Country Life, which is based at Wester Kittochside farm, lying between the town of East Kilbride in South Lanarkshire and the village of Carmunnock in Glasgow.	National Museum of Rural Life	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJOG, officially owned by Michigan Community Radio, is licensed to Good Hart, Michigan, and Petoskey, Michigan.	WJOG	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małoziemce (mawɔˈʑɛmt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Małoziemce	Gmina Wola Uhruska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghu Nallah is famous for its Gurudwara in the memory of great saints of Jammu and Kashmir Sant Mela Singh and Sant Rocha Singh .	Baghu Nallah	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurdi or Curdi (Konkani:कु्र्डि) is a census town in Sanguem taluka, South Goa district in the state of Goa, India.	Curdi	South Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Khaneh Sar-e Bala (Persian: چهارخانه سر بالا‎, also Romanized as Chahār Khāneh Sar-e Bālā) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chahar Khaneh Sar-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union County Magnet High School (UCMHS) is a magnet public high school located in Scotch Plains on the Union County Vocational Technical Schools Campus, serving the vocational and technical educational needs of students in ninth through twelfth grades throughout Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Union County Magnet High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasilczyki (vaɕilˈt͡ʂɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wasilczyki	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hattstedtermarsch (Danish: Hatsted Marsk, North Frisian: Haatstinger Määrsch) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Hattstedtermarsch	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Dasteh-ye Rakan Kola (Persian: پايين دسته ركن كلا‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Dasteh-ye Rakan Kolā; also known as Āzād Maḩalleh and Pā’īn Dasteh) is a village in Kiakola Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Dasteh-ye Rakan Kola	Kiakola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siennica Królewska Mała (ɕɛnˈnit͡sa kruˈlɛfska ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Siennica Królewska Mała	Gmina Siennica Różana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanover-Horton High School (formerly Hanover-Horton Central Secondary School) is a public secondary school located in Horton, Michigan, U.S..	Hanover-Horton High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Willow Dam (National ID # NE01076) is a dam in Frontier County, Nebraska, about ten miles northwest of McCook.	Red Willow Dam	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de Tahiti et des Îles (``Museum of Tahiti and the Islands''), Tahitian Te Fare Manaha (``the Museum''), is a Polynesian ethnographic museum in the village of Punaauia on Tahiti.	Musée de Tahiti et des Îles	Punaauia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Dyeing, Bleaching, Calendring Company (or Valley Bleachery) is an historic industrial complex located at 46,50,52,60 Valley Street and 80 Delaine Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Providence Dyeing, Bleaching, Calendring Company	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fillmore is a historic music venue in San Francisco, California, made famous by Bill Graham.	The Fillmore	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mojave phone booth was a lone telephone booth in what is now the Mojave National Preserve in California, which attracted online attention in 1997 for its unusual location.	Mojave phone booth	Mojave National Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Ilsanjo is a man-made lake located in Annadel State Park east of Santa Rosa in Sonoma County, California, United States.	Lake Ilsanjo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurumpirai is a village in the Cheyyur taluk under Polambakkam postal area of Kanchipuram District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kurumpirai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lexington Battle Green, properly known as Lexington Common, is the historic town common of Lexington, Massachusetts.	Lexington Battle Green	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahi Sara (Persian: شاهي سرا‎, also Romanized as Shāhī Sarā; also known as Khomeynī Sarā and Shāh Sarā) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shahi Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salakh Rural District (Persian: دهستان صلخ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Shahab District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Salakh Rural District	Shahab District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makemo Airport is an airport on Makemo in French Polynesia (IATA: MKP, ICAO: NTGM).	Makemo Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongzhou District (simplified Chinese: 东洲区; traditional Chinese: 東洲區; pinyin: Dōngzhōu Qū; literally: ``East Continent''), is one of the four districts under the administration of Fushun City, in Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Dongzhou District	Fushun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šuljci (Serbian Cyrillic: Шуљци) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina	Šuljci	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingjum (West Frisian: Penjum) is a village in the municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân in Friesland, in the northern Netherlands and lies 6.6 kilometres (4.1 mi) South-west of Harlingen.	Pingjum	Súdwest-Fryslân
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Rębkowska (ˈvɔla rɛmpˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Rębkowska	Gmina Garwolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenarczyce (lɛnarˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Lenarczyce	Gmina Obrazów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Khong (Persian: سرخنگ‎, also Romanized as Sar-e Khong, Sar-i-Khung, Sar Khank, and Sar Khonak; also known as Bāgh-e Sar Khonak) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sar Khong	Qohestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fruitvale Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the southern San Joaquin Valley, California, within and just northwest of the city of Bakersfield, along and north of the Kern River.	Fruitvale Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lufker Airport (FAA LID: 49N, formerly O00) is a privately owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of East Moriches, in Suffolk County, New York, United States.	Lufker Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doorn is a town in the municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug in the central Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.	Doorn	Utrechtse Heuvelrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowie State University (``Bowie State'') is a public university located on 355½ acres (1.4 km²) in unincorporated Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, north of the suburban city of Bowie.	Bowie State University	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haab's Restaurant is located in downtown Ypsilanti, Michigan, at 18 West Michigan Avenue.	Haab's Restaurant	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAAZ-FM (106.7 FM) is a mainstream rock formatted radio station broadcasting to the Salt Lake City, Utah area on 106.7 FM.	KAAZ-FM	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Mahit (Persian: پل ماهيت‎, also Romanized as Pol Māhīt; also known as Mahakī Pol Māhīyat, Mahakī Pūl Māhī, Mahkī Pol Māhī, and Pūl Mahib) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pol Mahit	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żeliszewo (ʐɛliˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żeliszewo	Gmina Recz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muddy Creek Mill is a historic grist mill complex and national historic district located in Tamworth, Cumberland County, Virginia.	Muddy Creek Mill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Ab Shirin (Persian: مزرعه اب شيرين‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āb Shīrīn) is a village in Dehrud Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 12 families.	Mazraeh-ye Ab Shirin	Dehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hindmarsh, an eutrophic lake located in the Wimmera region of western Victoria, Australia, is the state's largest natural freshwater lake.	Lake Hindmarsh	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Round Mountain Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, about 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Bakersfield, California, United States.	Round Mountain Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Okabena is a small lake located in Nobles County in southwestern Minnesota.	Lake Okabena	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanping Bai and Pumi Autonomous County (兰坪白族普米族自治县; pinyin: Lánpíng báizú pǔmǐzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Lanping Bai and Pumi Autonomous County	Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Miquel de Tudela is a church located near Cervera (Catalonia).	Sant Miquel de Tudela	Cervera	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Hollister, California, USA, it serves the Hollister area and also broadcasts in the Salinas area on the booster KXSM-FM1 (93.1 MHz).	KXSM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sławutówko (swavuˈtufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sławutówko	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tymianki-Moderki (tɨˈmjaŋki mɔˈdɛrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tymianki-Moderki	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sycowa Huta (sɨˈt͡sɔva ˈxuta) (Kashubian: Zëcowô Hëta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sycowa Huta	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glasgow Dental Hospital and School is a dental teaching hospital, situated in the Garnethill area of the city centre of Glasgow, Scotland.	Glasgow Dental Hospital and School	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helmarshausen Abbey (German: Kloster Helmarshausen) was a Benedictine monastery situated in the small town of Helmarshausen, now part of Bad Karlshafen in Hesse, Germany.	Helmarshausen Abbey	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roccavaldina (Sicilian: Roccavaddina) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Messina.	Roccavaldina	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Job Ross House at 817 Exchange Street is a historic house in Astoria in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Job Ross House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurband Rural District (Persian: دهستان گوربند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gurband Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puraki (Persian: پوركي‎, also Romanized as Pūrakī, Pooraki, and Powrakī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Puraki	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museo Barracco di Scultura Antica (Italian, Barracco Museum of Antique Sculpture) is a museum in Rome, Italy, featuring a collection of works acquired by the collector Giovanni Barracco, who donated his collection to the City of Rome in 1902.	Museo Barracco di Scultura Antica	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Plantation and Farm, also known as Fogg House and Farm, is a historic plantation home located near Newtown, King and Queen County, Virginia.	Providence Plantation and Farm	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakarowo (vakaˈrɔvɔ) (German: Wackelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wakarowo	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bushey (population 24,000) is a town in the Hertsmere borough of Hertfordshire in the East of England.	Bushey	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lo Miranda is a Chilean city, located in the commune of Doñihue, O'Higgins Region.	Lo Miranda	Doñihue
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowi Dół (ˈsɔvi ˈduu̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sowi Dół	Gmina Kaliska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dusrakhan (Persian: دوسرخان‎‎, also Romanized as Dūsrakhān) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dusrakhan	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Khadijeh (Persian: حاج خديجه‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Khadījeh) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hajj Khadijeh	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weiss Hall, also known as the Judge Edmund Taylor House, is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes-Barre, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.	Weiss Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanley Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located at the base of the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	Stanley Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allen Hazen Water Tower is an historic structure located on the west side of Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Allen Hazen Water Tower	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorożki (dɔˈrɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dorożki	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto Judeu, which means ``Jewish Port'' in Portuguese, is a parish in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the island of Terceira in the Azores.	Porto Judeu	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	McClung's Price Place, also known as Hillyrock Farm, is a historic home and farm located at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.	McClung's Price Place	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rey Golal (Persian: ری گلال‎, also Romanized as Rey Golāl) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rey Golal	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Trust Company Buildings are two historic commercial buildings located at Altoona, Blair County, Pennsylvania.	Central Trust Company Buildings	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Findo Gask is a small village in Perth and Kinross in Scotland, just off the main A9 road.	Findo Gask	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southampton Village Historic District is a historic district in Southampton, New York, in Suffolk County.	Southampton Village Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazmestan (Persian: وزمستان‎, also Romanized as Vazmestān; also known as Vazmestān-e Namak Kesht Varzeh) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Vazmestan	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh Karun (Persian: پشته كارون‎, also Romanized as Poshteh Kārūn) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Poshteh Karun	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stygajny (stɨˈɡai̯nɨ) (German: Stigehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stygajny	Gmina Płoskinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tineo (Asturian Tinéu) is a concejo (municipality) in the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	Tineo	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikulin-Parcela (miˈkulin parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mikulin-Parcela	Gmina Jeżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Drömling is a sparsely populated depression on the border of Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt in Germany with an area of about 340 square kilometres (130 sq mi).	Drömling	Lower Saxony	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palangiabad, Zahedan (Persian: پلنگی‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Palangiabad, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiartel Mały (ˈvjartɛl ˈmawɨ) (German: Klein Wiartel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wiartel Mały	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khor Deh Larim (Persian: خرده لاريم‎, also Romanized as Khor Deh Lārīm; also known as Khvor Deh Lārīm) is a village in Larim Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khor Deh Larim	Larim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walker Adams House is a c. 1875 Italianate style residence located on the eastside of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Walker Adams House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limavady (/lɪməˈvædi/; from Irish Léim a' Mhadaidh, meaning ``leap of the dog'') is a market town in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland, with Binevenagh as a backdrop.	Limavady	County Londonderry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowgardan (Persian: نوگردن‎) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nowgardan	Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazqan (Persian: قازقان‎, also Romanized as Qāzqān) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qazqan	Meyami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chasht Khvoreh (Persian: چاشت خوره‎, also Romanized as Chāsht Khvoreh, Chāsht Khowreh, Chāshtkhūreh, and Chāshtkhvoreh; also known as Chāshtkhoreh) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Chasht Khvoreh	Qolqol Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holudar-e Pain (Persian: هلودرپايين‎, also Romanized as Holūdar-e Pā’īn, Ḩalūdar-e Pā’īn, and Haludar Pā’īn; also known as Ḩalūdar) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Holudar-e Pain	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borecki Dwór (bɔˈrɛt͡ski ˈdvur) (German: Borkenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Borecki Dwór	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neu Isenburg station is on the Rhine-Main S-Bahn in Neu-Isenburg in the German state of Hesse.	Neu Isenburg station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abkuhi (Persian: ابكوهي‎, also Romanized as Ābkūhī; also known as Ābgūhī and Meydānī) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Abkuhi	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 28 Wiley Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is an unusual Federal or Georgian style house.	House at 28 Wiley Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Statler Hotel & Residences is an iconic hotel of mid-twentieth century design located at 1914 Commerce Street in downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	The Statler Hotel & Residences	Dallas	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burns Lake (LD Air) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CLD3), is located on Burns Lake 1.4 nautical miles (2.6 km; 1.6 mi) south southeast of Burns Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Burns Lake (LD Air) Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fåglavik is a bimunicipal village situated in Herrljunga Municipality and Vara Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Fåglavik	Herrljunga Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Zul (Persian: چاه زول‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Zūl) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Zul	Bostan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campbellford is a small town in Northumberland County, Ontario, Canada, in the municipality of Trent Hills.	Campbellford	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellhöft (Danish: Ellehoved) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Ellhöft	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakusan (Persian: كاكوسان‎, also Romanized as Kākūsān) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kakusan	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borough of Rugby is a local government district with borough status in eastern Warwickshire, England.	Borough of Rugby	Warwickshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tylicz (ˈtɨlʲit͡ʂ) (Ukrainian: Тилич, Tylych) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynica-Zdrój, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Tylicz	Gmina Krynica-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardiners Bay is a small arm of the Atlantic Ocean, approximately 10 mi (16 km) long and 8 mi (13 km) wide in the U.S. state of New York between the two flukelike peninsulas at the eastern end of Long Island.	Gardiners Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šolaji (Cyrillic: Шолаји), is a village in Kneževo municipality, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šolaji	Kneževo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is a stock exchange located in the City of London in the United Kingdom.	London Stock Exchange	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piękna Studnia (ˈpjɛnkna ˈstudɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piękna Studnia	Gmina Namysłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Chapel Burying Ground is a historic cemetery at King's Chapel on Tremont Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	King's Chapel Burying Ground	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Markazi (Persian: دهنومركزي‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Markazī) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Markazi	Rostam-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montague Center Historic District encompasses the well-preserved 19th century village center of Montague, Massachusetts.	Montague Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faku County (simplified Chinese: 法库县; traditional Chinese: 法庫縣; pinyin: Fǎkù Xiàn) is under the administration of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, 77 km (48 mi) north of downtown Shenyang.	Faku County	Shenyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killilan (Scottish Gaelic: Cill Fhaolain) is a remote hamlet, at the base of Ben Killilan, at the east end of Loch Long, in Lochalsh in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland.	Killilan	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Kleineh (also House of Adlercreutz) is an old villa in Helsinki's Kaivopuisto, opposite Kaivohuone.	Villa Kleineh	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ignești (Hungarian: Ignafalva) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated at the southern foot of Codru-Moma Mountains, in the Ineu-Gurahonț Basin.	Ignești	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolzano Bellunese is an Italian village, hamlet (frazione) of Belluno, in the Veneto.	Bolzano Bellunese	Belluno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peoria Notre Dame High School is a Catholic parochial high school in Peoria, Illinois.	Peoria Notre Dame High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Deh-e Pashtak (Persian: نوده پشتك‎; also known as Now Deh-e Pashang, Naudeh Pasang, Now Deh Pashang, Now Deh-Ye-Pashang, and Pashang) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Now Deh-e Pashtak	Pas Kalut Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilsford cum Lake is a civil parish in the Woodford valley in Wiltshire, England.	Wilsford cum Lake	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinole Valley High School is a high school in Pinole, California, which is located in Contra Costa County.	Pinole Valley High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Przybysław (ˈnɔvɨ pʂɨˈbɨswaf) (formerly German Neu Pribslaff) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowy Przybysław	Gmina Świdwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jargalan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جرگلان‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jargalan Rural District	Raz and Jargalan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludhiana district is one of the 22 districts in the state of Punjab in North-West Republic of India.	Ludhiana district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tol-e Ashki (Persian: تل اشكي‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Ashkī and Tolashkī; also known as Tūl Ashki) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tol-e Ashki	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotorsko (Cyrillic: Которско) is a Bosniak village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kotorsko	Doboj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Mahmud (Persian: ده محمود‎, also Romanized as Deh Maḩmūd, Deh-e Maḩmood, and Deh-e Maḩmūd; also known as Deh-e Moḩammad) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Mahmud	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Columbia Ranch is located at 411 N. Hollywood Way in Burbank, California and is now called the Warner Bros. Ranch.	Columbia Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neal Clothing Building is the oldest existing building on the central square of Lima, Ohio, United States.	Neal Clothing Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church, Teddington is an independent Reformed Protestant Congregational church on Christchurch Avenue in Teddington, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	Christ Church, Teddington	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	SITE Santa Fe (often referred to simply as SITE) is a non-profit contemporary arts organization based in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	SITE Santa Fe	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silom (or Si Lom, Thai: สีลม windmill) is a sub-District and road in Bang Rak district, Bangkok, Thailand.	Si Lom	Bang Rak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sixmilebridge (Irish: Droichead Abhann Uí gCearnaigh, meaning ``Bridge of the River of O'Kearney'') is a small town in County Clare, Ireland.	Sixmilebridge	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chimney Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide just south of Quadra Mountain.	Chimney Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Akron College of Business Administration (CBA) is the business school at The University of Akron, located in Akron, Ohio.	University of Akron College of Business Administration	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuyamaca Peak is a mountain peak of the Cuyamaca Mountains range, in San Diego County, southern California.	Cuyamaca Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stafford Hill Memorial is a stone memorial on Stafford Hill Road in Cheshire, Massachusetts.	Stafford Hill Memorial	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hafnarfjörður is a port town and municipality located on the southwest coast of Iceland, about 10 km (6 mi) south of Reykjavík.	Hafnarfjörður	Iceland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skindzierz (ˈskind͡ʑeʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Skindzierz	Gmina Korycin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The School of Pythagoras is the oldest building in St John's College, Cambridge, and the oldest secular building in Cambridge, England.	School of Pythagoras	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczepkowo-Borowe (ʂt͡ʂɛpˈkɔvɔ bɔˈrɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczepkowo-Borowe	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayazeh (Persian: بياضه‎, also Romanized as Bayāẕeh, Bayāzeh, and Baiāzeh; also known as Bayāzīyeh and Bīabānāk) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bayazeh	Nakhlestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry T. Rainey Farm is a historic farm located on the north side of Illinois Route 108 in Greene County, Illinois, east of Carrollton.	Henry T. Rainey Farm	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The English High School of Boston, Massachusetts is one of the first public high schools in America, founded in 1821.	The English High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ruins of Didyma are located at a short distance to the northwest of modern Didim in Aydin Province, Turkey, whose name is derived from Didyma's.	Didyma	Didim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Słupca (ˈnɔva ˈswupt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Słupca	Gmina Bulkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Refahiye (Kurdish: Gercan, Armenian: Կերճանիս, Gerjanis) is a town and district of Erzincan Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Refahiye	Erzincan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giwaipani is a hill station (village) in Almora district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.	Giwaipani	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum St. Ingbert is a former art museum in St. Ingbert, Saarland, Germany.	Museum St. Ingbert	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Stadium, known as the AESSEAL New York Stadium for sponsorship purposes, is a football stadium in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.	New York Stadium	Rotherham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bowmanville POW camp also known as Camp 30 was a Canadian-run POW camp for German soldiers during World War II located in the community of Bowmanville, Ontario in Clarington, Ontario, Canada (2020 Lambs Road).	Bowmanville POW camp	Clarington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Sadi (Persian: ابوسعدي‎, also Romanized as Abū Sa``dī) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 992, in 264 families.	Abu Sadi	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tennyson High School is a high school in Hayward, California formed in 1957.	Tennyson High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miecznikowo-Sowy (mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ˈsɔvɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miecznikowo-Sowy	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Irwin is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Geraldton and about 360 kilometres (224 mi) north of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Irwin	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big and Little Indian Rock Petroglyphs is a prehistoric archaeological site located at Conestoga Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Big and Little Indian Rock Petroglyphs	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boniewo-Kolonia (bɔˈɲevɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Boniewo-Kolonia	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clisson (Breton: Klison), is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique département in Pays de la Loire in western France.	Clisson	Loire-Atlantique
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Squire Creek Country Club is a private, members-only country club located in Choudrant, Louisiana, just 5 miles northeast of Ruston.	Squire Creek Country Club	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runowo-Kolonia (ruˈnɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Runowo-Kolonia	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cattedown is an inner city suburb of Plymouth, Devon.	Cattedown	Plymouth
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 688 Club was a popular alternative music venue in Atlanta, Georgia, located at 688 Spring Street, near the intersection of Spring and 3rd Streets.	688 Club	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Pracka (ˈvulka ˈprat͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Pracka	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konjineh (Persian: كنجينه‎, also Romanized as Konjīneh; also known as Ganjīneh, Kanjīna, and Kanjīyeh) is a village in Sangestan Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Konjineh	Sangestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Foellinger Auditorium, located at 709 S. Mathews Avenue in Urbana, Illinois on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, is a concert hall and the university's largest lecture hall.	Foellinger Auditorium	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikkim Manipal University (SMU) is a co-educational public-private funded university located in Gangtok, Sikkim, India.	Sikkim Manipal University	Gangtok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antrim Lower is a barony in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Antrim Lower	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George B. Horton and Amanda Bradish Farmstead is a privately owned farmhouse that sits on 40 acres (16 ha) of land at 4650 West Horton Road in rural Fairfield Township in Lenawee County, Michigan.	George B. Horton and Amanda Bradish Farmstead	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arand (Persian: آرند‎, also Romanized as Ārand; also known as Aran) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Arand	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Munising Rear Range Light works with the Munising Front Range Light to project a line of light out into Lake Superior in order to guide boats from the open lake into the safe harbor at Munising, Michigan.	Munising Rear Range Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Afgedamde Maas (Dammed-up Meuse) is a former distributary of the Maas River (French: Meuse) in the Dutch provinces of North Brabant and Gelderland.	Afgedamde Maas	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nardin Park United Methodist Church is a Methodist church located in Farmington Hills, Michigan.	Nardin Park United Methodist Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Bees is a village, civil parish and electoral ward in the Copeland district of Cumbria on the Irish Sea coast just south of St. Bees Head, the most westerly point of Northern England.	St Bees	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Designated by the United States Congress in 1986, the Big Laurel Branch Wilderness is a 6,332-acre (26 km2) wilderness area within Carter County in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Big Laurel Branch Wilderness	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agridia (Greek: Αγρίδια) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) south of Chandria.	Agridia	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hulasu Rural District (Persian: دهستان هولاسو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hulasu Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tartak Brzózki (ˈtartak ˈbʐuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tartak Brzózki	Gmina Radziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh Hir (Persian: پشته هير‎, also Romanized as Poshteh Hīr; also known as Līrd) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Poshteh Hir	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forum 303 Mall was a shopping mall built at Pioneer Parkway (Spur 303) and SH 360 in Arlington, Texas in the Mid-Cities between Fort Worth and Dallas.	Forum 303 Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devanahalli, also called ``Devandahalli'', ``Dyaavandalli'', Devanadoddi and Devanapura, is a town and Town Municipal Council in Bangalore Rural district in the state of Karnataka in India.	Devanahalli	Bangalore Rural district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurelwood Academy is a private secondary school affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church near Jasper, Oregon, United States.	Laurelwood Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salzhemmendorf is a village and a municipality in the Hamelin-Pyrmont district, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Salzhemmendorf	Hamelin-Pyrmont
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto Power Generating Station is a former generating station located along the Niagara River in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, slightly upstream from the newer Rankine power station.	Toronto Power Generating Station	Niagara Falls
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Old School Baptist Church of Roxbury and Vega Cemetery is a historic Baptist church and cemetery located at Roxbury in Delaware County, New York.	First Old School Baptist Church of Roxbury and Vega Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morvah is a civil parish and village on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Morvah	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Yavari (Persian: كلاته ياوري‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Yāvarī and Kalāteh-ye Yāvari) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Yavari	Aladagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odhra is a village in the Dasuya (Dasua) block of the Hoshiarpur district in Punjab, India.	Odhra	Hoshiarpur	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tin Chiu Street (Chinese: 電照街) is a street in Tsat Tsz Mui of North Point in Hong Kong.	Tin Chiu Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devarayasamudram is a hamlet some 90 km outside of Bangalore in Karnataka, India.	Devarayasamudram	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramotshere Moiloa Local Municipality (formerly Zeerust Local Municipality) is a local municipality in Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality, North West Province, South Africa.	Ramotshere Moiloa Local Municipality	Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Send-e Pain (Persian: سندپائين‎, also Romanized as Send-e Pā’īn and Send-e Pāeen) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Send-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liciszewy (lit͡ɕiˈʂɛvɨ) (German: Lietzengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Liciszewy	Gmina Czernikowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waubonsee Community College is a community college, founded in 1966, located in the western suburbs of Chicago, Illinois.	Waubonsee Community College	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baildon is a civil parish and town in north Bradford in Northern England.	Baildon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bedford Center Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the town of Bedford, Massachusetts.	Bedford Center Historic District	Bedford, Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trippstadt House (German: Trippstadter Schloss) is an 18th-century, baroque schloss or manor house in the eponymous village in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Trippstadt House	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białe Piątkowo (ˈbjawɛ pjɔntˈkɔvɔ) (German: Freitagsheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Białe Piątkowo	Gmina Miłosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papudo is a Chilean commune located in the Petorca Province, Valparaíso Region.	Papudo	Petorca Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjak (Persian: ارجك‎, also Romanized as Erjak) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Arjak	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Kam-e Bala (Persian: پاكم بالا‎, also Romanized as Pā Kam-e Bālā) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pa Kam-e Bala	Mosaferabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnett-Attwood House is a historic house outside New Edinburg in Cleveland County, Arkansas.	Barnett-Attwood House	Cleveland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishkill Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York, USA.	Fishkill Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheriazheekkal is a village in the Alappad panchayat in the town of Karunagapalli in Kerala, India.	Cheriazheekkal	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chłopy (ˈxwɔpɨ) (German: Bauerhufen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chłopy	Gmina Mielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Maughans (Welsh: Llanfocha) is a village in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, United Kingdom.	St. Maughans	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tortoise Mountain TV Tower (simplified Chinese: 龟山电视塔; traditional Chinese: 龜山電視塔; pinyin: Guī Shān Diànshì Tǎ) is a 311.4 metres (1,022 ft) high TV Tower at Wuhan, People's Republic of China.	Tortoise Mountain TV Tower	Wuhan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackstone Army Airfield (IATA: BKT, ICAO: KBKT, FAA LID: BKT), also known as Allen C. Perkinson Airport, is located two miles (3 km) east of the central business district of Blackstone, a town in Nottoway County, Virginia, United States.	Blackstone Army Airfield	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kipling GO Station is a GO Transit railway station along the Milton line rail corridor in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada.	Kipling GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frost & Adams (est.1869) was an artists' supply firm in Boston, Massachusetts, located in Cornhill, on the current site of Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza.	Frost & Adams	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunwoody High School is a public high school in Dunwoody, an incorporated city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.	Dunwoody High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastern Cemetery is a historic cemetery at the intersection of Washington Avenue and Congress Street in the East Bayside neighborhood of Portland, Maine.	Eastern Cemetery	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nidaros Cathedral (Norwegian: Nidarosdomen / Nidaros Domkirke) is a Church of Norway cathedral located in the city of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Nidaros Cathedral	Trondheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamordeje (zamɔrˈdɛjɛ) (German: Samordei) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zamordeje	Gmina Ruciane-Nida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labak (Persian: لبك‎) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Labak	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarzyn (ˈʐaʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Żarzyn	Gmina Sulęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schmargendorf is a south-western locality (Ortsteil) of Berlin in the district (Bezirk) of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf.	Schmargendorf	Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1952 Hokkaido earthquake, which occurred at 10:22:41 local time on 4 March in the sea near Tokachi District, Hokkaidō, had a magnitude of 8.1 on the moment magnitude scale.	1952 Hokkaido earthquake	Hokkaidō
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAXI (branded as ``Good Time Oldies 104.9'') is a radio station serving the Terre Haute, Indiana area with an oldies format.	WAXI	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huker (Persian: هوكر‎, also Romanized as Hūker and Hūkar) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Huker	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorncrest Village is a neighbourhood in northwestern Toronto.	Thorncrest Village	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andertons Mill is a small village in the West Lancashire district of Lancashire, England, and is part of the civil parish of Hilldale.	Andertons Mill	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berwick St Leonard is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 8 miles (13 km) southeast of Warminster and 14 miles (23 km) west of Salisbury.	Berwick St Leonard	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westmoreland Mall, owned and operated by CBL & Associates Properties, Inc., is a two-level, enclosed shopping mall in the municipality of Hempfield Township, Pennsylvania, southeast of Pittsburgh.	Westmoreland Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fremantle Fishing Boat Harbour is a commercial marina in Fremantle, Western Australia adjacent to the more recently constructed Challenger Harbour.	Fremantle Fishing Boat Harbour	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnes-Hiscock House, also known as the Corinthian Club, is a building at 930 James Street in Syracuse, New York.	Barnes-Hiscock House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roslyn Village Historic District encompasses the center of that village in the U.S. state of New York.	Roslyn Village Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flensburg station is the main station of the city of Flensburg in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Flensburg station	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meleh-ye Balut (Persian: مله بلوط‎, also Romanized as Meleh-ye Balūţ; also known as Morād ʿAlī) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Meleh-ye Balut	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockholm Municipality or the City of Stockholm (Swedish: Stockholms kommun or Stockholms stad) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden.	Stockholm Municipality	Stockholm County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirkul (Persian: زيركول‎‎, also Romanized as Zīrḵūl) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zirkul	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tseung Kwan O South is at the south of Tseung Kwan O, which is located in Hong Kong, New Territories, a place that is near the ``Cityside''.	Tseung Kwan O South	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hakim Qeshlaqi (Persian: حكيم قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Ḩakīm Qeshlāqī) is a village in Balghelu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hakim Qeshlaqi	Balghelu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château du Bois-Rouaud is a historic castle in Chéméré, Loire-Atlantique, France.	Château du Bois-Rouaud	Chéméré
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Sohrab Khani (Persian: چم سهراب خاني‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Sohrāb Khānī; also known as Cham Sohrāb and Sohrābkhānī) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cham-e Sohrab Khani	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Universalist Church of Westfield Center is a historic church in Westfield Center, Ohio, United States.	Universalist Church of Westfield Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyrzeka (vɨˈʐɛka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wyrzeka	Gmina Śrem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamm is a Gemeinde (municipality) in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Tamm	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrence University is a liberal arts college and conservatory of music in Appleton, Wisconsin.	Lawrence University	Appleton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William J. Rotch Gothic Cottage is a historic cottage on 19 Irving Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts.	William J. Rotch Gothic Cottage	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Guadalupe y Llanitos de los Correos was a 8,858-acre (35.85 km2) Mexican land grant in the Salinas Valley, in present day Monterey County, California given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to Juan Malarin.	Rancho Guadalupe y Llanitos de los Correos	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar-e Naru (Persian: كنارنرو‎, also Romanized as Konār-e Narū; also known as Konān Derow, Konānrow, and Konār-e Rū) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Konar-e Naru	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monterey Bay Aquarium (MBA) is a public aquarium located in Monterey, California, United States.	Monterey Bay Aquarium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shravanabelagola (Kannada:ಶ್ರವಣಬೆಳಗೊಳ Śravaṇa Beḷagoḷa) is a city located near Channarayapatna of Hassan district in the Indian state of Karnataka and is 158 km from Bangalore, the capital of the state.	Shravanabelagola	Hassan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dileh (Persian: ديله‎, also Romanized as Dīleh) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dileh	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clovelly Garden Apartments is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Clovelly Garden Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mankato Airport (ICAO: KTKO, FAA LID: TKO) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northwest of the central business district of Mankato, a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States.	Mankato Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muang Chet Ton (Thai: ม่วงเจ็ดต้น) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ban Khok District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Muang Chet Ton	Ban Khok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opole Lubelskie County (Polish: powiat opolski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.	Opole Lubelskie County	Lublin Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardins de Salagon are a public park, museum and an ethnobotanical garden located in the town of Mane, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence Department of France.	Jardins de Salagon	Mane
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collins College of Hospitality Management The Collins College of Hospitality Management is a college part of the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona).	Collins College of Hospitality Management	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stateburg Historic District is a historic district in Stateburg, in the High Hills of Santee area near Sumter, South Carolina in the United States.	Stateburg Historic District	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paw Paw Cove Site is an archaeological site on the coast of Talbot County, Maryland.	Paw Paw Cove Site	Talbot County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doncols (Luxembourgish: Donkels, German: Donkols) is a village in the commune of Winseler, in north-western Luxembourg.	Doncols	Winseler
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Baz (Persian: سيه باز‎, also Romanized as Sīah Bāz and Sīyāh Bāz; also known as Seyyed ``Abbās) is a village in Ivughli Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,867, in 694 families.	Siah Baz	Ivughli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Proctor Recreation Center was constructed in Peoria, Illinois, United States in 1913.	John C. Proctor Recreation Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ülgase is a village in Jõelähtme Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Ülgase	Jõelähtme Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canelo Hills Cienega Reserve, is a nature preserve southeast of Sonoita, Arizona on the east side of the Canelo Hills.	Canelo Hills Cienega Reserve	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deer Creek Tunnel is an incomplete and abandoned double-track railroad tunnel through the Walnut Hills in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Deer Creek Tunnel	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farkhar District is a district of Takhar Province, Afghanistan.It is located in southern east(130degree from north) of Taloqan city the center of Takhar province.	Farkhar District	Takhar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hietzing (German pronunciation: (ˈhiːtsɪŋ)) is the 13th municipal District of Vienna (German: 13. Bezirk, Hietzing).	Hietzing	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefiddarbon (Persian: سفيداربن‎, also Romanized as Sefīddārbon) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sefiddarbon	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shucheng County (simplified Chinese: 舒城县; traditional Chinese: 舒城縣; pinyin: Shūchéng Xiàn) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Lu'an City.	Shucheng County	Lu'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varcheshmeh (Persian: ورچشمه‎) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Varcheshmeh	Qaleh Qafeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberdyfi (English: Mouth of the River Dyfi), or Aberdovey (the Anglicised spelling is in common use) is a village and community on the north side of the estuary of the River Dyfi in Gwynedd, on the west coast of Wales.	Aberdyfi	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casa de los Pinelo is a Renaissance building located in the centre of Seville in Spain.	Casa de los Pinelo	Seville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgewood State Hospital was a tubercular/psychiatric hospital complex that formerly stood in Deer Park, New York, on Long Island, New York, USA.	Edgewood State Hospital	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowdeh Taj (Persian: دوده تاج‎, also Romanized as Dowdeh Tāj; also known as Dodeh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Dowdeh Taj	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anderson Bay is a bay of Atlin Lake in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of Pike Bay.	Anderson Bay	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigg (/'brɪg/) is a small market town in North Lincolnshire, England, with a population of 5,076 in 2,213 households (2001 UK census).	Brigg	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schlosshöfe is a shopping mall in the centre of the city of Oldenburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Schlosshöfe	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luite (Estonian for ``Dune's'') is a subdistrict (asum) in the district of Kesklinn (Midtown), Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Luite	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alliance Municipal Airport (IATA: AIA, ICAO: KAIA, FAA LID: AIA) is in Box Butte County, Nebraska, three miles southeast of the city of Alliance, which owns it.	Alliance Municipal Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudolice nad Bílinou (Rudolice upon Bílina) is a district in the city of Most, Czech Republic.	Rudolice nad Bílinou	Most
located in the administrative territorial entity	Probištip Municipality (Macedonian: Општина Пробиштип (ˈprɔbiʃtip)) is an urban municipality in eastern Republic of Macedonia.	Probištip Municipality	Macedonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludlam Road, also West 67th Avenue, is a 21.8-mile (35.1 km) north--south street that runs west of downtown Miami in Miami-Dade County, Florida.	Ludlam Road	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWDZ (910 AM) is a broadcast radio station licensed to Salt Lake City, Utah, serving the Salt Lake City metropolitan area.	KWDZ	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tumblebug Complex Fire burned 14,570 acres (5,900 ha) of Willamette National Forest land in Lane County, Oregon, United States, from September 12, 2009 to October 2009.	Tumblebug Complex Fire	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamiskotia Snow Resort is an alpine ski resort located outside Timmins, Ontario, Canada.	Kamiskotia Snow Resort	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandi Faizabad (منڈی فیض آباد) is a small town of Nankana Sahib District in Pakistan.	Mandi Faizabad	Nankana Sahib District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzebielino-Wieś (stʂɛbjɛˈlinɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Strzebielino-Wieś	Gmina Łęczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Hougue Bie is a historic site, with museum, in the Jersey parish of Grouville.	La Hougue Bie	Grouville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halle (Saale) (German pronunciation: (ˈhalə an dɛɐ̯ ˈzaːlə, ``Halle an der Saale'')) is a city in the southern part of the German state Saxony-Anhalt.	Halle (Saale)	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiley Post Airport (IATA: PWA, ICAO: KPWA, FAA LID: PWA) is a city-owned public-use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) northwest of the central business district of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Wiley Post Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost River Cave is a seven-mile cave system with a river running through it, with its upper entrance in Bowling Green, Kentucky, United States.	Lost River Cave	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Dufferin was a Canadian government post in southern Manitoba near the Canada-United States border at Emerson.	Fort Dufferin	Emerson
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Lipowiec (ˈstarɨ liˈpɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stary Lipowiec	Gmina Księżpol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloucester Park is a harness racing course in Perth, Western Australia.	Gloucester Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mojęcice (mɔjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mojęcice	Gmina Wołów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Fahd International Stadium (Arabic: أستاد الملك فهد الدولي‎) also nicknamed Pearl Of Stadiums, in Arabic (Durrat Al-Mala'eb) (Arabic: درة الملاعب ) or simply The Pearl, in Arabic (Addurra) (Arabic: الدرة) is a multi-purpose stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.	King Fahd International Stadium	Riyadh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Kuttanad comprises taluks of Ambalapuzha, Kuttanad (excluding Edathua, Thalavady and Muttar villages) and northern half of Karthikapally taluk in Alappuzha district, Kerala, India.	Lower Kuttanad	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان كناررودخانه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokręt (ˈpɔkrɛnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pokręt	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Stott Building is a class-A office building located at 1150 Griswold Street (corner of Griswold and State Streets) in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Capitol Park Historic District.	David Stott Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the capital of Konin County and is located within the Greater Poland Voivodeship.	Konin	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turlock Municipal Airport (FAA LID: O15) is a public airport located eight miles (13 km) east of Turlock, serving Stanislaus County, California, USA.	Turlock Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babiczki (baˈbit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Babiczki	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Rageh (Persian: سياهرگه‎, also Romanized as Sīah Rageh; also known as Sīah Rag) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District, Salehabad District, Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Siah Rageh	Hejdandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port Stanley Terminal Rail (PSTR) is a heritage railway that passes over the historic tracks of The London and Port Stanley Railway (L&PS) between Port Stanley and St. Thomas, Ontario.	Port Stanley Terminal Rail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Orange Stadium was a football stadium located at the intersection of North Clinton St. and Park Avenue in East Orange, New Jersey.	East Orange Stadium	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senmonorom (also romanised as Sen Monorom) is the capital of Mondulkiri Province, Cambodia.	Senmonorom	Mondulkiri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Qiao Family Compound (simplified Chinese: 乔家大院; traditional Chinese: 喬家大院; pinyin: Qiáojiā Dàyuàn) is located in Qi County, Shanxi, China, approximately 30 kilometers northeast of the historic City of Pingyao.	Qiao Family Compound	Qi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golunar (Persian: گلونار‎, also Romanized as Golūnār) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Golunar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesaz (Persian: نساز‎, also Romanized as Nesāz; also known as Nesār) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Nesaz	Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hot Springs State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area in Thermopolis, Wyoming, known for its hot springs, which flow at a constant temperature of 135° Fahrenheit.	Hot Springs State Park	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvanaq (Persian: الوانق‎, also Romanized as Alvānaq) is a village in Shiramin Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alvanaq	Shiramin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agglomeration community of La Rochelle (French: Communauté d'agglomération de La Rochelle) is an intercommunal structure gathering La Rochelle with seventeen surrounding towns and villages of Aunis in the northern Charente-Maritime.	Agglomeration community of La Rochelle	Charente-Maritime
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langabad (Persian: لنگ اباد‎, also Romanized as Langābād; also known as Nāşerābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Langabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajjar Akbar (Persian: تجراكبر‎; also known as Mūsh Kosh and Tajjar Akbar-e Mūsh Kosh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tajjar Akbar	Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pont-y-Gilfach (or Pont y Gilfach) is a small village in the community of Henfynyw, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 70.1 miles (112.8 km) from Cardiff and 184.4 miles (296.7 km) from London.	Pont y Gilfach	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Arts Club is a private club in Gramercy Park, Manhattan, New York City.	National Arts Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple of Luna (Latin: templum or aedes Lunae) was a temple on the Aventine Hill in Rome, dedicated to Luna, the moon goddess.	Temple of Luna	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beebe, Arkansas is a city in White County, Arkansas, United States.	Beebe, Arkansas	White County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andiagoundanoor village panchayat is one of the largest geographical areas in Tirupur district, Udumalpet taluk, Tamil Nadu, India.	Andiagoundanoor	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longhorn Dam is a dam crossing the Colorado River in Austin, Texas, USA, where it creates Lady Bird Lake.	Longhorn Dam	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taraknagar (তারকনগর) is a village of Nadia district, West Bengal, India situated 99 km north of Kolkata.	Taraknagar	Nadia district	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Edison State University, formerly Thomas Edison State College, is a public institution of higher education located in Trenton, New Jersey.	Thomas Edison State University	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Clacton is a residential suburb of Clacton-on-Sea in the Tendring district of Essex, England.	Great Clacton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuajok, also spelled Kwajok, is a city in South Sudan, and the capital of Warrap State.	Kuajok	Warrap
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abernathy Municipal Airport (FAA LID: F83) is a public use airport in Hale County, Texas, United States.	Abernathy Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Raj (Persian: چشمه رج‎; also known as Cheshmeh Rīj, Cheshmeh Reyj, and Cheshmeh Rīch) is a village in Mud Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Raj	Mud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truskolas (trusˈkɔlas) (German: Trutzlatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Truskolas	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Gams is a municipality and, traditionally, a market town, in the district of Deutschlandsberg in Styria, Austria, roughly 30 km from Graz.	Bad Gams	Deutschlandsberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhangpu County (Chinese: 漳浦; pinyin: Zhāngpǔ; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chiuⁿ-phó͘) is a county of Zhangzhou prefecture-level city in far southern Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Zhangpu County	Zhangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stinging Fork Falls State Natural Area, a Tennessee Class II Natural-Scientific State Scenic Area, is located in Rhea County, Tennessee, near Spring City.	Stinging Fork Falls State Natural Area	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	McFarland Peak is a limestone peak in the northern portion of the Spring Mountains in Clark County of southern Nevada.	McFarland Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurkhar (Persian: گورخار‎, also Romanized as Gūrkhar and Gūr-e Khār; also known as Kūreh Khvār, Gūr Khvār, Gowhar, and Gūreh Khār) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gurkhar	Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vleischfontein, also known as Sesobe, is a town in Moses Kotane Local Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.	Vleischfontein	Moses Kotane Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard merged on 1 July 2011 into the new municipality of Valbroye.	Granges-près-Marnand	Valbroye
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jenkins Music Company Building in Kansas City, Missouri was built in 1911 at 1217-1223 Walnut Street, located in the Kansas City Power and Light District.	Jenkins Music Company Building	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peoria Civic Center is a convention center located in downtown Peoria, Illinois.	Peoria Civic Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anielówka (aɲeˈlufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Anielówka	Gmina Michów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gureh Qaleh (Persian: گوره قلعه‎, also Romanized as Gūreh Qal``eh) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 491, in 98 families.	Gureh Qaleh	Zu ol Faqr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Varnum Poor House, also known as ``Crow House,'' is a historic home located on South Mountain Road at New City in Rockland County, New York.	Henry Varnum Poor House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandon Parva is a small village near East Dereham and Norwich in Norfolk, England.	Brandon Parva	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sędziszew (sɛnˈd͡ʑiʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sędziszew	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porter Peak is the highest mountain in the Bull Run Mountains of northern Elko County, Nevada.	Porter Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górnowola (ɡurnɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Górnowola	Gmina Nowy Korczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bemani Rural District (Persian: دهستان بماني‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Byaban District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bemani Rural District	Byaban District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biamashak (Persian: بيامشك‎, also Romanized as Bīāmashaḵ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Biamashak	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salt River Fields at Talking Stick is a stadium complex located in the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community near Scottsdale, Arizona, at the former site of the Indian Bend Country Club.	Salt River Fields at Talking Stick	Scottsdale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Overland Station, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Union Pacific Railroad Passenger Depot, is a museum and former railroad station in Topeka, Kansas.	Great Overland Station	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dancing House (Czech: Tančící dům), or Fred and Ginger, is the nickname given to the Nationale-Nederlanden building on the Rašínovo nábřeží (Rašín Embankment) in Prague, Czech Republic.	Dancing House	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walkhampton is a village and civil parish on the western side of Dartmoor in the county of Devon, England.	Walkhampton	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Pacific Theatre is a movie theater located at 6433 Hollywood Blvd. in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, on Hollywood's famous Hollywood Walk of Fame.	Hollywood Pacific Theatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Rasen is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, located about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west from the town of Market Rasen.	Middle Rasen	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zero Gravity Research Facility at the NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio is a unique facility designed to perform tests in a reduced gravity environment.	Zero Gravity Research Facility	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Kileh (Persian: قره كيله‎, also Romanized as Qarah Kīleh and Qareh Kīleh) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarah Kileh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Høsterkøb is a village in Rudersdal Municipality, located some 20 kilometres north of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Høsterkøb	Rudersdal Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palo Verde Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Blythe, California.	Palo Verde Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khat Parast (Persian: خط پرست‎, also Romanized as Khaţ Parast and Khaţţ Parast) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khat Parast	Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sha Tau Kok River (Chinese: 沙頭角河; pinyin: Shātóujiǎo Hé; Hong Kong Hakka: Sa1tiu2gok5 Ho2), is a river between Hong Kong and Shenzhen.	Sha Tau Kok River	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Am ol Deyay-e Yek (Persian: ام الدياي يك‎, also Romanized as Ām ol Deyāy-e Yek) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Am ol Deyay-e Yek	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumner Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located on the eastern plains about 8 miles (13 km) northwest of Fort Sumner.	Sumner Lake State Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashli Qaleh (Persian: داشلي قلعه‎, also Romanized as Dāshlī Qal``eh) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 910, in 228 families.	Dashli Qaleh	Gholaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humberston is a village and civil parish south of Cleethorpes in North East Lincolnshire, England.	Humberston	North East Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Montgomery High School is located in Elliston, Virginia and is one of four high schools in Montgomery County, Virginia.	Eastern Montgomery High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rayhan Agricultural Centre (Persian: مزرعه كشاورزي ابوريحان‎ -- Mazra``eh-ye Keshāvarazī Abū Rayḥān) is a company town and village in Ferunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 25 families.	Rayhan Agricultural Centre	Ferunabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazmaz (Persian: مزمز‎) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mazmaz	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krześniaków (kʂɛɕˈɲakuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krześniaków	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gotawa is a village/town in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Gotawa	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halq-e Kohekumi (Persian: حلق كهكومي‎, also Romanized as Ḩalq-e Kohekūmī) is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Halq-e Kohekumi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharoysky District (Russian: Шаройский райо́н; Chechen: Шаройн Кӏошт) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifteen in the Chechen Republic, Russia.	Sharoysky District	Chechen Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cateran Hole is a circa 45m length cave set in the Gritstone of Cateran Hill in Northumberland.	Cateran Hole	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smyrna Town Hall-Opera House is a historic town hall and theater at the hamlet of Smyrna in Chenango County, New York.	Smyrna Town Hall-Opera House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tawakoni State Park is a state park in Wills Point, Texas, in the United States.	Lake Tawakoni State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Khayyat (Persian: حسين ابادخياط‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Khayyāṭ; also known as Ḩoseynābād, Ḩoseyn Begī, and Ḩoseyn Beygī) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Khayyat	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCDB is a college radio station located at The University at Albany in Albany, New York.	WCDB	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stavsnäs is a locality situated on the north east part of the island Fågelbrolandet in Värmdö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 810 inhabitants in 2010.	Stavsnäs	Värmdö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper Spur ski area is a ski area located on northeast Mount Hood, Oregon, United States.	Cooper Spur ski area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leuzinger High School is a public high school (9th through 12th grades) in Lawndale, California.	Leuzinger High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachy (ˈpaxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pachy	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College of New Caledonia (CNC) is a post-secondary educational institution that serves the residents of the Central Interior of British Columbia.	College of New Caledonia	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anola, Manitoba, Canada, is an unincorporated community located 24 km east of Winnipeg and 40 km north of Steinbach in the Rural Municipality of Springfield.	Anola	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Rainey Harper Log House, also known as the Harper Cabin, is located at 20 West Main Street in New Concord, Ohio, United States.	William Rainey Harper Log House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 13 Sheffield Road in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a well preserved Craftman/Bungalow style house.	House at 13 Sheffield Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nine hunts cover the area -- the Devon and Somerset Staghounds and the Quantock Staghounds, the Exmoor, Dulverton West, Dulverton Farmers and West Somerset Foxhounds, the Minehead Harriers, the West Somerset Beagles and the North Devon Beagles.	Exmoor	West Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obojnia (ɔˈbɔi̯ɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany, within Stalowa Wola County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Obojnia	Gmina Zaleszany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Cove Cave, also known as Buggytop Cave, is a cave in Franklin County, south Tennessee near the towns of Sewanee and Sherwood and close to the Alabama border.	Lost Cove Cave	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medicine Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a 31,533-acre (12,761 ha) National Wildlife Refuge located in the northeastern region of the U.S. state of Montana.	Medicine Lake National Wildlife Refuge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corona del Sol High School located in Tempe, Arizona, United States, was established in 1977 and is a part of the Tempe Union High School District.	Corona del Sol High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chester Mental Health Center is one of two State of Illinois' maximum security forensic mental health facilities for those committed via a court order or deemed an escape risk.	Chester Mental Health Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzeh Reza (Persian: حمزه رضا‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Reẕā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hamzeh Reza	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary's, Twickenham, is a Grade II* listed Church of England place of worship dedicated to Saint Mary the Virgin in Church Street, Twickenham, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Mary's, Twickenham	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pong Pha (Thai: โป่งผา) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Sai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Pong Pha	Mae Sai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Salah ol Din (Persian: كهريزصلاح الدين‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Şalāḩ ol Dīn and Kahrīz-e Şalāḩ od Dīn; also known as Kahrīz and Kārīz) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Salah ol Din	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Séderon is a former canton located in the Department of Drôme, in the Arrondissement of Nyons.	Canton of Séderon	Arrondissement of Nyons
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fine Music 102.5 (ACMA callsign: 2MBS) is a Sydney music radio station operated by the Music Broadcasting Society of New South Wales Co-Operative Limited.	Fine Music 102.5	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Second Rindge Meetinghouse, Horsesheds and Cemetery is a historic meeting house and cemetery on Old US 202 (Main Street) and Rindge Common in Rindge, New Hampshire.	Second Rindge Meetinghouse, Horsesheds and Cemetery	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glendola Reservoir is a reservoir in the Glendola section of Wall Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey.	Glendola Reservoir	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moasseseh-ye Kamili (Persian: موسسه كميلي‎, also Romanized as Moasseseh-ye Kamīlī) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moasseseh-ye Kamili	Veys Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 1966 Nordre Høland was merged with Søndre Høland, Setskog and Aurskog to form the new municipality Aurskog-Høland.	Nordre Høland	Aurskog-Høland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Witchery by the Castle is a restaurant on the Royal Mile near Edinburgh Castle which also provides bed and breakfast accommodation.	The Witchery by the Castle	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Music Hall was a concert hall located on Winter Street in Boston, Massachusetts, with an additional entrance on Hamilton Place.	Boston Music Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zatyshshia, translated as ``Calm'' (Ukrainian: Затишшя; Russian: Затишье) is a town in the Frunzivka Raion of the Odessa Oblast in Ukraine.	Zatyshshia	Frunzivka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finkenwerder (Low German: Finkwarder, Finkenwarder or - wärder; German: Finkeninsel; translation: Island of finches) is a quarter of Hamburg, Germany in the borough Hamburg-Mitte.	Finkenwerder	Hamburg-Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Petit Trianon is a mansion on the grounds of De Anza College at 21250 Stevens Creek Blvd., in Cupertino, California.	Le Petit Trianon	Cupertino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre Graslin is a theatre and opera house in the city of Nantes in France.	Théâtre Graslin	Nantes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Howe was built by the British during the American Revolution shortly after the American Siege of Saint John (1777), to protect Saint John from further American raids.	Fort Howe	Saint John
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piskaborn is a district of Mansfeld (formerly Mansfelder Land) in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Piskaborn	Mansfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dollywood's Splash Country is a water park located in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, adjacent to the Dollywood theme park.	Dollywood's Splash Country	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisala is the capital of Mongala District, Équateur province in northwestern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lisala	Mongala District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oostakker, formerly spelled Oostacker, is one of the smaller former municipalities which were merged into Ghent (from which it is only two miles), the capital of the Belgian province of East Flanders.	Oostakker	Ghent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chateau Impney Hotel & Exhibition Centre is a Grade II* listed 19th-century house built in the style of an elaborate French château near Droitwich Spa in Worcestershire, England.	Chateau Impney	Worcestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodsprings Schoolhouse, built in the Colonial Revival style, is located in Goodsprings, Nevada and is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.	Goodsprings Schoolhouse	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandalay Region (Burmese: မန္တလေးတိုင်းဒေသကြီး, pronounced: (máɴdəlé táiɴ dèθa̰ dʑí), formerly Mandalay Division) is an administrative division of Myanmar.	Mandalay Region	Myanmar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yakh Kesh (Persian: يخ كش‎, also Romanized as Yakh Kash) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yakh Kesh	Ashrestaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gongnong District (simplified Chinese: 工农区; traditional Chinese: 工農區; pinyin: Gōngnóng Qū) is a district of the city of Hegang, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Gongnong District	Hegang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Mound is a Native American mound in the south-central portion of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Jackson Mound	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirte District (or Sirt or Surt District; Arabic: سرت‎ Surt, pronunciation ), is one of the districts of Libya.	Sirte District	Libya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bethel Methodist Church is a historic church in the Mount Bethel, New Jersey section of Mansfield Township, New Jersey, Warren County, New Jersey, United States.	Mount Bethel Methodist Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Duea (Thai: ท่าเดื่อ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Doi Tao District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Tha Duea	Doi Tao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruszynek (pruˈʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pruszynek	Gmina Siedlce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Jefferson Clinton Federal Building is located in the Federal Triangle in Washington, D.C., across 12th Street from the Old Post Office.	William Jefferson Clinton Federal Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenpoint Historic District is a national historic district in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Greenpoint Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRNA is a radio station licensed to Iowa City, Iowa, with studios in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	KRNA	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyramid Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of Karratha in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Pyramid Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temeszów (tɛˈmɛʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Temeszów	Gmina Dydnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sompolinek (sɔmpɔˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sompolinek	Gmina Sompolno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum is a 1000 acre (4.05 km2) National Wildlife Refuge spanning Philadelphia and Delaware counties in Pennsylvania.	John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Julah is a village in Tejakula District in the regency of Buleleng in northeastern Bali, Indonesia.	Julah	Tejakula	Bali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nancy Lake State Recreation Area is a lake-studded landscape in Alaska preserved for recreation purposes.	Nancy Lake State Recreation Area	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPHD is located within the WMTT studios at 495 Chemung Street in Horseheads, New York 14845.	WMTT	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnside River is a river in the Canadian terrirory of Nunavut.	Burnside River	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moryń-Dwór (ˈmɔrɨɲ ˈdvur) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Moryń-Dwór	Gmina Moryń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurmanów (kurˈmanuf) (Ukrainian: Курманів, Kurmaniv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kurmanów	Gmina Białopole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heringsdorf Airport (German: Flughafen Heringsdorf) (IATA: HDF, ICAO: EDAH) is a regional airport located near Garz on the island of Usedom in Germany.	Heringsdorf Airport	Garz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol of Puerto Rico (Spanish: Capitolio de Puerto Rico) is located on the Islet of San Juan just outside the walls of Old San Juan.	Capitol of Puerto Rico	San Juan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar Juq (Persian: حصارجوق‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Jūq) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar Juq	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Marghuz (Persian: بابامرغوز‎, also Romanized as Bābā Marghūz; also known as Baba-Marguz and Bābā Mūrqūz) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Baba Marghuz	Dast Jerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Longmeadow Historic District is a historic district encompassing the village green of Longmeadow, Massachusetts and properties in its immediate vicinity.	Longmeadow Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Moradi (Persian: حسين ابادمرادي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Morādī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Moradi	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirchol (ˈkirxɔl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kirchol	Gmina Zagórów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liluah (also spelled Lillooah) (Hindi:लिलुआ, Bengali:লিলুয়া) is a town near Bally municipality in Howrah district, West Bengal, India.	Liluah	Howrah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campbell's Ledge is a geographical feature north of Harding, PA and also near Pittston, Pennsylvania.	Campbell's Ledge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	According to many sources (including warholstars.com and the 1961 Max Ernst exhibition catalogue listed below), the Bodley Gallery was located (through the 1950s and until at least November 1963, according to the catalogue for a 1963 Jane Frank show) at 223 East 60th Street, in Manhattan's wealthy Upper East Side neighborhood.	Bodley Gallery	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stradomno (straˈdɔmnɔ) (German: Stradem) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stradomno	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Federal University of Minas Gerais (Portuguese: Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, UFMG) is a federal university located in Belo Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Federal University of Minas Gerais	Belo Horizonte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowadeh (Persian: لواده‎, also Romanized as Lowādeh) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lowadeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purisima Creek Redwoods Open Space Preserve is located on the western slopes of historic Kings Mountain in Woodside, California.	Purisima Creek Redwoods Open Space Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brookfield Common Historic District encompasses a historically significant portion of the town center of Brookfield, Massachusetts.	Brookfield Common Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNYQ (Q101.7) is a Classic Hits/Classic Rock radio station licensed to Hudson Falls, New York and serving the Glens Falls/Lake George area as well as Saratoga County.	WNYQ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Transmitter is Licensed to East Porterville, California, USA, it serves the Tulare, California area, while KMEN is Licensed to Mendota, California.	KMEN	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flying Ace Aerial Chase is a steel roller coaster at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio and Carowinds in Fort Mill, South Carolina.	Flying Ace Aerial Chase	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majareh (Persian: مجره‎, also Romanized as Majreh and Majarah; also known as Madgera, Madghareh, and Madzhera) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Majareh	Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundon is a village and civil parish on the Dengie peninsula in Maldon District in the county of Essex, England.	Mundon	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Koshteh (Persian: گاوكشته‎, also Romanized as Gāv Koshtéh and Gāv Koshteh; also known as Gāv Kosheh) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gav Koshteh	Heshmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiek nad Notecią (ˈɔɕɛk ˌnad nɔˈtɛt͡ɕɔ̃) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Osiek nad Notecią	Gmina Wyrzysk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mysletice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪslɛcɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Mysletice	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazhakulam lies east of the town of Muvattupuzha in Ernakulam district on the Muvattupuzha - Thodupuzha road in Kerala, India.	Vazhakulam	Ernakulam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Residential Care Centre, Seyyed Abbas (Persian: منازل مسكوني مركزخدمات‎ -- Menāzl Masḵūnī Marḵaz Khodmāt) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Residential Care Centre, Seyyed Abbas	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalansura (Persian: كلانسورا‎, also Romanized as Kalānsūrā; also known as Kalānsarā) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kalansura	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar (Persian: چال سياه من چاتون جوكار‎, also Romanized as Chāl Sīāh Manchātūn Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaviq (Persian: كرويق‎, also Romanized as Karavīq; also known as Karavī, Karvigh, Keyāralī, Kiarali, and Kyaraly) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Karaviq	Bakrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Proszkowice (prɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Proszkowice	Gmina Mietków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brown Pusey House, now the Brown Pusey House Community Center, is a historic home built by John Y. Hill at 128 N. Maine St. in Elizabethtown, Kentucky.	Brown Pusey House Community Center	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميشوجنوبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sufian District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District	Sufian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Kuyeh (Persian: برده كويه‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Kūyeh; also known as Bard Kooyeh) is a village in Mohr Rural District, in the Central District of Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bardeh Kuyeh	Mohr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skaføgård is a manor house in Hvilsager Parish in Syddjurs Municipality in the eastern Jutland peninsula of Djursland, Denmark.	Skaføgård	Syddjurs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzamohammadi-ye Bala (Persian: ميرزامحمدي بالا‎, also Romanized as Mīrzāmoḩammadī-ye Bālā; also known as Mīrzāmoḩammadī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 10 families.	Mirzamohammadi-ye Bala	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miluyeh (Persian: ميلويه‎, also Romanized as Mīlūyeh) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran.	Miluyeh	Arad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margir Deh (Persian: مارگيرده‎, also Romanized as Mārgīr Deh) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Margir Deh	Kheyrud Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makoszowy (Zabrze-Makoszowy) is a district of Zabrze, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland	Makoszowy	Zabrze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qol Quchan (Persian: قلقوچان‎, also Romanized as Qol Qūchān, Ghelghoochan, and Qalqūchān) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qol Quchan	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinyuan County (formerly Künes County) (Chinese: 新源县; Pinyin: Xīnyuán Xiàn) is a county situated within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture.	Xinyuan County	Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXJY is a news/talk radio station licensed to Georgetown, South Carolina and serving the Grand Strand area.	WXJY	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Darab (Persian: سراب داراب‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Dārāb) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Darab	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armstrong's Point (informally referred to as The Gates) is a neighbourhood in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Armstrong's Point	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Driscoll Catholic High School was a private college preparatory high school in the village of Addison, Illinois.	Driscoll Catholic High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyszki-Gostery (ˈtɨʂki ɡɔsˈtɛrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tyszki-Gostery	Gmina Czerwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pipe Creek Sinkhole near Swayzee in Grant County, Indiana, is one of the most important paleontological sites in the interior of the eastern half of North America, preserved because it was buried by glacial till.	Pipe Creek Sinkhole	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildcat Canyon is a narrow linear valley just east of the Berkeley Hills in the San Francisco Bay Area, situated in Contra Costa County, California.	Wildcat Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gallery 400 is a not-for-profit arts exhibition space within the College of Architecture, Design, and the Arts at the University of Illinois at Chicago.	Gallery 400	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corral Hollow, formed by Corral Hollow Creek, is a canyon with part in Alameda County and parts in San Joaquin County, 6.5 miles (10.5 km) southwest of Tracy, California.	Corral Hollow	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexander Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert near Death Valley, in northern San Bernardino County, California.	Alexander Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deep Creek Hot Springs, DCHS, are natural hot springs located in the northern Mojave Desert section of the San Bernardino National Forest, near Hesperia in San Bernardino County, Southern California.	Deep Creek Hot Springs	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truthwall is a hamlet southeast of Crowlas in the civil parish of Ludgvan, west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Truthwall	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasewicze-Jagiełki (krasɛˈvit͡ʂɛ jaˈɡʲɛu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krasewicze-Jagiełki	Gmina Siemiatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2038 (FM 2038) is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from FM 974, 3 miles (4.8 km) northeast of Tabor, southeastward to Business SH 21-H in Kurten.	Farm to Market Road 2038	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radeh-ye Madan (Persian: رده مدن‎, also known as Madan) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Radeh-ye Madan	Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorgeh Choqa (Persian: گرگه چقا‎, also Romanized as Gorgeh Choqā and Gargeh Cheqā; also known as Gareh Choqā) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gorgeh Choqa	Baladarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guadalupe Mountains National Park is in the Guadalupe Mountains of West Texas and contains Guadalupe Peak, the highest point in Texas at 8,749 feet (2,667 m) in elevation.	Guadalupe Mountains National Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melaleuca to Birchs Inlet Important Bird Area comprises a 2315 km2 section of coast and sub-coastal land in South West Tasmania.	Melaleuca to Birchs Inlet Important Bird Area	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Extremadura (English /ˌɛkstrᵻməˈdjʊərə/; Spanish: (e(ɣ)stɾemaˈðuɾa); Extremaduran: Estremaúra (eʰtːɾemaˈuɾa); Portuguese: Estremadura ((ɨ)ʃtɾɨmɐˈðuɾɐ)) is an autonomous community of western Spain whose capital city is Mérida.	Extremadura	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkaran (Persian: سركران‎, also Romanized as Sarkarān) is a village in Shamshir Rural District, in the Central District of Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarkaran	Shamshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CitySpire Center is the tallest mixed-use skyscraper in New York City, located on the south side of West 56th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues in Midtown Manhattan.	CitySpire Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside Park Speedway was a 1/4 mile oval race track, located inside of Riverside Amusement Park in Agawam, Massachusetts, one mile north of the Massachusetts/Connecticut state line.	Riverside Park Speedway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodeillo (pronounced: (roðeˈiʝo) ( )) is a village located 25 kilometers from Pichilemu, in central Chile.	Rodeillo	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cove section of Stamford, Connecticut, usually called ``The Cove'' is an area of mostly modest homes (although with some very expensive homes along the shoreline) in the southeast corner of Stamford, Connecticut.	Cove section of Stamford	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bluffton Mound Site is a Caddoan Mississippian culture archaeological site in Yell County, Arkansas on the Fourche La Fave River.	Bluffton Mound Site	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stirling Highway is, for most of its length, a four-lane single carriageway and major arterial road between Perth, Western Australia and the port city of Fremantle in Western Australia on the northern side of the Swan River.	Stirling Highway	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardesareh Rural District (Persian: دهستان بردسره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bardesareh Rural District	Oshtorinan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Point Yard is a freight railroad yard located in the South Bronx, New York City.	Oak Point Yard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellingeweer is part of the town of Winsum, in Groningen, Netherlands.	Bellingeweer	Winsum
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eakin Mill Covered Bridge (also known as the ``McLaughlin Bridge'' or the ``Geer's Mill Bridge'') is a historic covered bridge in Vinton County, Ohio, United States.	Eakin Mill Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wivenhoe is a town and civil parish in north eastern Essex, England, approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) south east of Colchester.	Wivenhoe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeleńska Huta (jɛˈlɛɲska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeleńska Huta	Gmina Szemud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Francis Case is a large reservoir behind Fort Randall Dam on the Missouri River in south-central South Dakota, USA.	Lake Francis Case	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Qadim (Persian: حسن ابادقديم‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Qadīm; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Qadim	Oryad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj-e Delbar (Persian: برج دلبر‎) is a village in Khesht Rural District, Khesht District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Borj-e Delbar	Khesht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greyfriars Kirkyard is the graveyard surrounding Greyfriars Kirk in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Greyfriars Kirkyard	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bicheh (Persian: بيچه‎, also Romanized as Bīcheh) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bicheh	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vendée (French pronunciation: ​(vɑ̃.de)) is a department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in west-central France, on the Atlantic Ocean.	Vendée	Pays-de-la-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasor Off-Highway Vehicle Area is a remote public use area for the off-highway vehicle user located in the Mojave Desert about 50 miles (80 km) east of Barstow, California, administered by the Bureau of Land Management.	Rasor Off-Highway Vehicle Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bright Angel Trail is a hiking trail located in Grand Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Bright Angel Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boerentoren (English: ``Farmers' Tower''; officially KBC Tower, originally the Torengebouw van Antwerpen) is a tall building in Antwerp, Belgium.	Boerentoren	Antwerp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artigas Boulevard is an avenue in Montevideo named after Uruguayan hero José Artigas.	Artigas Boulevard	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abby Kelley Foster Charter Public School is a small K-12 school located at 10 New Bond St., Worcester, Massachusetts in former Heald Machine Company buildings.	Abby Kelley Foster Charter Public School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podlipy (pɔdˈlipɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Podlipy	Gmina Ulhówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht Si Chanlu Pakuh (Persian: دشت سي چانلوپاكوه‎, also Romanized as Dasht Sī Chānlū Pākūh) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dasht Si Chanlu Pakuh	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unga Island (Uĝnaasaqax̂ in Aleut) is the largest of the Shumagin Islands off the Alaska Peninsula in southwestern Alaska, USA.	Unga Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuner (Persian: كونر‎, also Romanized as Kūner) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuner	Khoshk Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beehive Mill is a Grade II* listed former cotton mill in the district of Ancoats, Manchester, England.	Beehive Mill	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tonto National Forest, encompassing 2,873,200 acres (1,162,700 ha), is the largest of the six national forests in Arizona and is the fifth largest national forest in the United States.	Tonto National Forest	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulimów-Kolonia (suˈlimuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Sulimów-Kolonia	Gmina Dołhobyczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simet (Persian: سيمت‎, also Romanized as Sīmet and Sīmat) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Simet	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bharpur (Urdu: بھرپور‎) is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°51'0N 72°34'0E	Bharpur	Chakwal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Georgetown Steam Plant, now the Georgetown PowerPlant Museum, located in the Georgetown neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, constructed in 1906 for the Seattle Electric Company, provided power for Seattle, notably for streetcars.	Georgetown Steam Plant	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melbourne Continuation School was Victoria's first state secondary school, which was established in 1905 from the initiative of Director of Education, Frank Tate.	Melbourne Continuation School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gbarnga is the capital city of Bong County, Liberia, lying north east of Monrovia.	Gbarnga	Bong County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koondra Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia and a subdivision of the North-West Land Division, located in the Pilbara region of the state.	Koondra Land District	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMXY (98.9 FM, ``Mix 98.9'') is a radio station in Youngstown, Ohio, broadcasting a mainstream Adult Contemporary music format.	WMXY	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mellery is a town in the Belgian municipality of Villers-la-Ville.	Mellery	Villers-la-Ville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahal Rural District (Persian: دهستان رهال‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Rahal Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naratów (naˈratuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Naratów	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gróbce (ˈɡrupt͡sɛ) (German: Grobing) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gróbce	Gmina Włocławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Link River Dam is a concrete dam on the Link River in the city of Klamath Falls, Oregon.	Link River Dam	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pocono Peak Lake is a lake in Lehigh Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Pocono Peak Lake	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podcabaje (pɔtt͡saˈbajɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podcabaje	Gmina Brzeźnio
located in the administrative territorial entity	SITE Town (Sindhi: سائٽ ٽائون ‎ Urdu: سائٹ ٹاؤن ‎) is a town in western part of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan and is named after the Sindh Industrial and Trading Estate (SITE), which forms the heart of the town.	SITE Town	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bongaigaon district (Prpn:ˈbɒŋgaɪˌgãʊ) (Assamese: বঙাইগাওঁ জিলা) is an administrative district in the state of Assam in northeastern India.	Bongaigaon district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Navvab (Persian: حسن ابادنواب‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Navvāb) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Navvab	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roanoke Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 7A5) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) south of the central business district of Roanoke, a city in Randolph County, Alabama, United States.	Roanoke Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruntytown Correctional Center (PCC) is a state prison for West Virginia, located at Pruntytown near Grafton, West Virginia, USA.	Pruntytown Correctional Center	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Sureh (Persian: دره سوره‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sūreh; also known as Darrehsūr) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Sureh	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmaus United Methodist Church, originally built as Calvary Methodist Episcopal Church, two of five names it has gone by in its existence, is located at Morris and West Lawrence streets in Albany, New York, United States.	Emmaus United Methodist Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murdeira (Cape Verdean Creole: Murdera) is a village in the island of Sal, Cape Verde.	Murdeira	Sal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Dez-e Olya (Persian: تنگ دزعليا‎, also Romanized as Tang Dez-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 6 families.	Tang Dez-e Olya	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romaldkirk is a village in Teesdale, County Durham, in the Pennines of England.	Romaldkirk	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiangma, also Qangma or Qiangmazhen (Chinese: 强玛镇) is a small town and township-level division of Amdo County in the Nagqu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region, in China.	Qiangma	Amdo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pueblo del Arroyo is an Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Culture National Historical Park, in New Mexico, United States.	Pueblo del Arroyo	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Kanaga is a stratovolcano at the northern tip of Kanaga Island in the Aleutian Islands, Alaska.	Mount Kanaga	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beckwourth Pass is located at the eastern edge of Sierra Valley at Chilcoot-Vinton, California in Plumas County, 20 miles (32 km) east of Portola, California and 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Reno, Nevada.	Beckwourth Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalik Yarqan (Persian: دليك يارقان‎, also Romanized as Dalīk Yārqān, Dalīk Yarqān, and Dalīk Yōrqān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dalik Yarqan	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WADC is an Adult Standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Parkersburg, West Virginia, serving Parkersburg, West Virginia and Marietta, Ohio.	WADC	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wooldridge Park, also known as Wooldridge Square, is a park in Austin, Texas, United States.	Wooldridge Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nepomuceno is a Brazilian municipality located in the south of the state of Minas Gerais.	Nepomuceno	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamsabad-e Borzu (Persian: شمس ابادبرزو‎, also Romanized as Shamsābād-e Borzū) is a village in Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shamsabad-e Borzu	Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badamloq (Persian: باداملق‎, also Romanized as Bādāmloq and Bādāmlūq) is a village in Zavarom Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Badamloq	Zavarom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinkle Fieldhouse is a basketball arena located on the campus of Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Hinkle Fieldhouse	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnegie Community Centre is located at 401 Main Street at the corner of Hastings Street, in the old Carnegie Public Library building in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver, British Columbia.	Carnegie Community Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Governador Roberto Santos, usually known as Estádio de Pituaçu, is a football stadium located in Salvador, Bahia state, Brazil.	Estádio de Pituaçu	Salvador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lafayette Regional Airport (IATA: LFT, ICAO: KLFT, FAA LID: LFT) is a public airport two miles (4 km) southeast of Lafayette, in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Lafayette Regional Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barg-e Jahan (Persian: برگجهان‎, also Romanized as Barg-e Jahān; also known as Bafkejan and Bafkijan) is a village in Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District, Lavasanat District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Barg-e Jahan	Lavasan-e Kuchak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Branch Nezinscot River is a 19.4-mile-long (31.2 km) river in Maine.	East Branch Nezinscot River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chudleigh is a small town in Central Devon, England between Newton Abbot and Exeter.	Chudleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forward Harbour was a cannery town in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the inlet of the same name, which is on the mainland side of Wellbore Channel, to the east of Hardwicke Island.	Forward Harbour	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarne Dolne (ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Niederzehren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarne Dolne	Gmina Gardeja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qala Zanjir (Persian: قلعه زنجير‎‎, also Romanized as Qalā`` Zanjīr) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 10 families.	Qala Zanjir	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ełganówko (ɛu̯ɡaˈnufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ełganówko	Gmina Trąbki Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Kuhzad (Persian: تلمبه كوهزاد‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kūhzād) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Kuhzad	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Han Kaeo (Thai: หารแก้ว) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Hang Dong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Han Kaeo	Hang Dong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pocumtuck Ridge Trail is a 20-mile (32 km) footpath that traverses the Pocumtuck Range of Deerfield and Greenfield, Massachusetts.	Pocumtuck Ridge Trail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagorzyce (naɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nagorzyce	Gmina Waśniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The SBC Publishing Building is a tall office building in Troy, Michigan.	SBC Publishing Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Seyfollahi (Persian: چشمه سيف الهي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Seyfollahī) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Seyfollahi	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estrie (French pronunciation: ​(ɛstʁi)) is an administrative region of Quebec that mostly overlaps the Eastern Townships (though not entirely).	Estrie	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoreby Hill Historic District encompasses a major residential subdivision north of the central business district of Jamestown, Rhode Island.	Shoreby Hill Historic District	Jamestown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Tandur (Persian: مزرعه تندور‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tandūr) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Tandur	Chashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nivan-e Suq (Persian: نيوان سوق‎, also Romanized as Nīvān-e Sūq and Nīvān Sūq; also known as Nīvān, Nivan Soogh, Nivūn, and Niwān) is a village in Nivan Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nivan-e Suq	Nivan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Stefano di Sessanio is a comune and hill town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Santo Stefano di Sessanio	Province of L'Aquila
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBDR (branded as La Ley) is a regional Mexican format FM radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, United States and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.	KBDR	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	House Park is a 6,000-6,500 seat American football stadium in Austin, Texas that is owned and operated by the Austin Independent School District.	House Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Lashkar-e Sofla (Persian: اب لشكرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Āb Lashkar-e Soflá; also known as Āb Lashgar-e Soflá and Āb Lashgar Soflá) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Lashkar-e Sofla	Rud Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niepszczołąg (ɲepʂˈt͡ʂɔwɔnk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niepszczołąg	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeciszewo-Kolonia (pʂɛt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przeciszewo-Kolonia	Gmina Staroźreby
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilone Memorial Bridge is a bridge on the New Jersey Turnpike (concurrency with Interstate 95) in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River.	Basilone Memorial Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRKZ-FM is a radio station licensed to Chinook, Washington, serving the North Oregon and SW Washington coasts with a contemporary hits format.	KRKZ-FM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carbon Power Plant, also known as Castle Gate Power Plant was a small, 190-MWe coal-fired power station in Utah, USA operated by PacifiCorp.	Carbon Power Plant	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalirpar is a Village and a Union too under Muksudpur Upazila, Gopalganj established in 1634.	Jalirpar	Muksudpur Upazila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zizakesh (Persian: زيزاكش‎, also Romanized as Zīzākesh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zizakesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muchenan (Persian: موچنان‎, also Romanized as Mūchenān; also known as Mūkhīān and Mūkhīyān) is a village in Radkan Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Muchenan	Radkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trona Airport (IATA: TRH, FAA LID: L72) is a public use airport in Inyo County, California, United States.	Trona Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Bad-e Sofla (Persian: ده بادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bād-e Soflá) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Bad-e Sofla	Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beechfork Presbyterian Church (also Pleasant Grove Presbyterian Church) is a historic church in Springfield, Kentucky.	Beechfork Presbyterian Church	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calgary Fringe Festival is an annual fringe theatre festival in Calgary, Alberta.	Calgary Fringe Festival	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagoa da Confusão is the westernmost city in the state of Tocantins.	Lagoa da Confusão	Tocantins
located in the administrative territorial entity	N'Sigha (also written Nessirha or En Nessirha ) is a village in the commune of El M'Ghair, in El M'Ghair District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	N'Sigha	El M'Ghair District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nam Khrai (Thai: น้ำไคร้) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Nam Pat District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Nam Khrai	Nam Pat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton Fractional North High School (T.F. North, TF North, TFN) in Calumet City, Illinois first opened its doors in March 1926 as Thornton Fractional Township High School.	Thornton Fractional North High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilgrim Memorial Church and Parish House is an historic church and parsonage at 249 Wahconah Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.	Pilgrim Memorial Church and Parish House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Wethersfield, also known as Old Wethersfield Historic District, and historically known as Watertown or Pyquag, is a section of the town of Wethersfield, Connecticut roughly bounded by the borders of the adjacent city of Hartford and town of Rocky Hill, railroad tracks, and I-91.	Old Wethersfield	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krogulcza Mokra (krɔˈɡult͡ʂa ˈmɔkra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krogulcza Mokra	Gmina Orońsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dutchess Manor is a restaurant located along NY 9D in the Town of Fishkill, New York, United States, between the city of Beacon and Breakneck Ridge.	Dutchess Manor	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andarvar (Persian: اندرور‎‎, also Romanized as Āndarvar; also known as Andarood and Andarūd) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Andarvar	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartley Fort State Preserve is a 2-acre (8,100 m2) Iowa state preserve located on the Upper Iowa River in the Driftless Area, in Allamakee County of Iowa, USA.	Hartley Fort State Preserve	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	First City Tower is a skyscraper in downtown Houston, Texas.	First City Tower	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willo Steakhouse (also called The Willo) is a steakhouse and roadhouse located in Nevada City, California in the United States.	The Willo Steakhouse	Nevada City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swift Creek Landslide is an active, slow moving landslide located in western Washington, USA, due east of Everson on Sumas Mountain.	Swift Creek Landslide	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prudhoe Bay Oil Field is a large oil field on Alaska's North Slope.	Prudhoe Bay Oil Field	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acadiana Mall, called the Mall of Acadiana for a time, is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the city of Lafayette, Louisiana, and is located at the intersection of Johnston Street (U.S. Route 167) and Ambassador Caffery Parkway (Louisiana Highway 3073).	Acadiana Mall	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valiyeh (Persian: وعيليه‎, also Romanized as V``alīyeh; also known as Loveylīyeh and Luailīyeh) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 846, in 147 families.	Valiyeh	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exton Hall is an English country house on the western edge of the village of Exton, Rutland, England, standing in its own extensive park.	Exton Hall	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cerbat Mountains (Hualapai: Ha'emede:) is a mountain range in Mohave County in northwest Arizona immediately north of Kingman.	Cerbat Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jassaniyeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: جسانيه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Jassānīyeh-ye Kūchek) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jassaniyeh-ye Kuchek	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barlewice (barlɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German Barlewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barlewice	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rychnów Dolny (ˈrɨxnuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rychnów Dolny	Gmina Namysłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sileh (Persian: سيله‎, also Romanized as Sīleh and Sīlāh) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sileh	Javanmardi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour de Santa Maria della Chiappella (Corsican: Torra di Santa Maria Chjapella) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Rogliano (Corse-du-Sud) on the east coast of the French island of Corsica.	Tour de Santa Maria della Chiappella	Rogliano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tixkokob (meaning place of poisonous snakes in Mayan) is a town in the Mexican state of Yucatán, located in the north central part of the state.	Tixkokob	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cataraqui Golf and Country Club is a private golf and curling club located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Cataraqui Golf and Country Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Barbara High School, ``Home of the Dons,'' is situated on a 40-acre (160,000 m2) campus in Santa Barbara, California and is part of the Santa Barbara Unified School District.	Santa Barbara High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinelands Center at Mount Misery (more commonly known as Mount Misery) is a Methodist retreat center and campground in Browns Mills, New Jersey in the United States.	Pinelands Center at Mount Misery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Otter Castle is an elaborate 3-story log house built on the shore of White Otter Lake, about 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of Ignace, Ontario, Canada, by eccentric hermit James Alexander ``Jimmy'' McOuat.	White Otter Castle	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellingborough is a market town and borough in Northamptonshire, England, situated 11 miles (18 km) from the county town of Northampton.	Wellingborough	Northamptonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beneixida (Spanish: Benegida) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Beneixida	Ribera Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandsar-e Bibalan (Persian: كندسربي بالان‎, also Romanized as Kandsar-e Bībālān) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kandsar-e Bibalan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Maroma beach is located in Solidaridad Municipality at 20°44′16``N 86°58′03''W. It is located inside the tourist district known as the Riviera Maya, along the coastal Highway 307 which parallels the Caribbean.	Punta Maroma	Solidaridad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tri-State Transit Authority (TTA), which markets itself as ``THE Transit Authority, is the city bus system in Huntington, West Virginia, and Ironton, Ohio, as well as its suburbs.	Tri-State Transit Authority	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byland Abbey is a ruined abbey and a small village in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England, in the North York Moors National Park.	Byland Abbey	Ryedale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Dutch (Deutsch) Church is the second oldest building in Halifax, Nova Scotia after St. Paul's.	Little Dutch (Deutsch) Church	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woudenberg is a municipality and a town in the central Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.	Woudenberg	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cactus Flat is one of the Central Nevada Desert Basins in the Cactus-Sacrobatus Watershed, for which it is an eponym.	Cactus Flat	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dickens Hall is a historical building at Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas.	Dickens Hall	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornafulla (Irish: Corr na Fola, meaning ``Hill of the Blood'') is a village in the parish of Drum in south County Roscommon, Ireland about 8 km west of Athlone along the R446 road.	Cornafulla	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westlock County is a municipal district in central Alberta north of Edmonton.	Westlock County	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympic Medical Center is a medical organization located in Port Angeles and Sequim, Washington which provides services to patients in Clallam and Jefferson counties.	Olympic Medical Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casper Events Center is an 8,395-seat multi-purpose arena in Casper, Wyoming in the United States.	Casper Events Center	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High Service Water Tower and Reservoir are a public water supply facility off Massachusetts Route 110 in Tower Hill, Lawrence, Massachusetts.	High Service Water Tower and Reservoir	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Badi-ye Bala (Persian: تنگ بادي بالا‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Bādī-ye Bālā; also known as Tang-e Bādī) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Badi-ye Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirdar-e Bala (Persian: سيردربالا‎‎, also Romanized as Sīrdar-e Bālā; also known as Sīrdar) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sirdar-e Bala	Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Alangu (Persian: گودالنگو‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Ālangū) is a village in Hotkan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Alangu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panihati is a place in north Kolkata and a municipality under Khardaha / Ghola police stations under Barrackpur City Police of Barrackpore subdivision.	Panihati	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavorrano is a mountain-side comune (municipality) in the Province of Grosseto in the western Italian region of Tuscany, located about 100 km (62 mi) southwest of Florence and about 25 km (16 mi) northwest of Grosseto.	Gavorrano	Province of Grosseto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Vasat (Persian: احمدابادوسط‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Vasaţ; also known as Aḩmadābād and Aḩmadābād-e Kūzehgarhā) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Vasat	Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieszczęta (vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɛnta) is a village in Gmina Jasienica, Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Wieszczęta	Gmina Jasienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gross Spannort is a mountain of the Uri Alps, located between Engelberg and Erstfeld in Central Switzerland.	Gross Spannort	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaczkówko (kat͡ʂˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kaczkówko	Gmina Żnin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tywonia (tɨˈvɔɲa) (Ukrainian: Тивоня, Tyvonia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Tywonia	Gmina Pawłosiów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joghghal-e Khvayeh (Persian: جغال خوايه‎, also Romanized as Joghghāl-e Khvāyeh; also known as Joghghāl-e Bālā) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Joghghal-e Khvayeh	Jaffal Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Kuh (Persian: سري كوه‎, also Romanized as Sarī Kūh) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sari Kuh	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	B A Steinhagen Reservoir is located near the town of Jasper, Texas in the east Texas Piney Woods at 30.85 North Latitude and 94.19 West Longitude.	Steinhagen Reservoir	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glosli is a village in the eastern part of Fredrikstad municipality, Norway.	Glosli	Fredrikstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Charles Center is a historic office building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	One Charles Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. G. Edwards House, also known as Pen-y-Brin, in Portland, Oregon, was built in 1926 in ``Norman farmhouse'' style.	J. G. Edwards House	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Omobono is a church in Rome at the foot of the Capitoline Hill in rione Ripa.	Sant'Omobono	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hauteville-la-Guichard is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France (population: 425 in 2006).	Hauteville-la-Guichard	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Discovery Bay Coastal Park is a linear protected area of coastal land in western Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Discovery Bay Coastal Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Gregg was a Confederate fort located near Petersburg, Virginia.	Fort Gregg	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Farm Airport was a small airport located 6 km (3.7 mi) north-east of Brisbane in the suburb of Eagle Farm, Queensland, Australia.	Eagle Farm Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onekawa is a suburb of the city of Napier, in the Hawke's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Onekawa	Hawke's Bay Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soyo (formerly known as Santo António do Zaire) is a city located in the province of Zaire in Angola, at the mouth of the Congo river.	Soyo	Zaire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storrington is a large village in the Horsham District of West Sussex, England, and one of two in the civil parish of Storrington and Sullington.	Storrington	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florida State Prison (FSP), formerly known as the ``Florida State Prison-East Unit'' as it was originally part of Florida State Prison in Raiford, Florida (now known as Union Correctional Institution), is a correctional institution located in unincorporated Bradford County, Florida.	Florida State Prison	Bradford County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Gosier is the third most populated commune in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe, in the Lesser Antilles.	Le Gosier	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Chenar (Persian: چم چنار‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Chenār; also known as Cham Chenār) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cham-e Chenar	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRYP is a commercial broadcast FM radio station located in the Portland, Oregon area and owned by the Salem Media Group.	KRYP	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marznagun (Persian: مرزنگون‎, also Romanized as Marznagūn) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Marznagun	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Run United Methodist Church is a one story building, with stone walls and a slate-covered gable roof, located on a 1.24 acre plot of land at the corner of Craig's Corner Road and Rock Run Road near Level, Maryland and approximately six miles south of Darlington, Maryland.	Rock Run United Methodist Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lucy F. Simms School is a school building at 620 Simms Avenue in Harrisonburg, Virginia.	Lucy F. Simms School	Harrisonburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buchanan School is one of four former grade school buildings located in Davenport, Iowa, United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Buchanan School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Mishan (Persian: باب ميشان‎, also Romanized as Bāb Mīshān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Mishan	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saline County Airport (FAA LID: M99), also known as Watts Field, was a county-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) west of the central business district of Benton, a city in Saline County, Arkansas, United States.	Saline County Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byera Village is a village in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.It is located in Charlotte Parish.	Byera Village	Charlotte Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pale, Dharwad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.	Pale, Dharwad	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wick Building, also known as The Wick Tower, is a high rise structure and second tallest building in Youngstown, Ohio.	Wick Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prattville Christian Academy or PCA is a Christian private school, located in Prattville, Alabama.	Prattville Christian Academy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Høddvoll Stadion is a multi-sports stadium in Ulsteinvik in Ullstein, Norway.	Høddvoll Stadion	Ulsteinvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumkiejmy (kumˈkʲɛi̯mɨ) (German: Kumkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kumkiejmy	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Symmes Mission Chapel was a historic church building in the city of Fairfield, Ohio, United States.	Symmes Mission Chapel	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayub National Stadium formerly known as Baluchistan Cricket Association Ground is a multi-purpose stadium in Quetta, Pakistan.	Ayub National Stadium	Quetta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincliff is a Georgian Revival house in Glenview, a part of Louisville, Kentucky, United States, built in the early 1910s by William Richardson Belknap.	Lincliff	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurab (Persian: حوراب‎, also Romanized as Ḩūrāb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hurab	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podosowa (pɔdɔˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podosowa	Gmina Góra Kalwaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Typhoon Lagoon is a water theme park located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida and is one of two operating water parks at the resort.	Disney's Typhoon Lagoon	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Rowshanabad (Persian: امام زاده روشن اباد‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Rowshanābād; also known as Rowshanābād) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Rowshanabad	Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tauhoa River is an estuarial arm of the Kaipara Harbour in the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Tauhoa River	Auckland Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts is a collaborative force based at the University of Houston.	Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts	University of Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Royal occupies parts of the London Borough of Brent and the London Borough of Ealing.	Park Royal	London Borough of Brent	London Borough of Ealing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omaha Hotel is a former railroad hotel in Neillsville, Wisconsin, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Omaha Hotel	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sölk Pass (el. 1788 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Styria.	Sölk Pass	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrington Raceway & Casino is a racino located just outside the southern city limits of Harrington, Delaware, 25 minutes south of Dover.	Harrington Raceway & Casino	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barreh Mal (Persian: بره مال‎, also Romanized as Barreh Māl; also known as Baramol) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Barreh Mal	Olya Tayeb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhadeya is a country side locality in Gaya district of Bihar, India.	Bhadeya	Gaya district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Almaden Winery is a historic wine production site in Santa Clara County, California situated on the eastern slopes of the Santa Cruz Mountains.	Old Almaden Winery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dubois-Sarles Octagon is an octagon house located on South Street in Marlboro, New York, United States.	Dubois-Sarles Octagon	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiesch railway station is a metre gauge station serving the municipality of Fiesch, in the Canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Fiesch railway station	Canton of Valais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abharak (Persian: ابهرك‎, also Romanized as Abhark) is a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Abharak	Adaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHLR (106.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Benton, Arkansas, USA, it serves the Little Rock area.	KHLR	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Hyatt New York is a hotel located directly east of Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Grand Hyatt New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barcis is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located in the Valcellina about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Pordenone.	Barcis	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nammun is a village in Homalin Township, Hkamti District, which is in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Nammun	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonadi (Greek: Ionades) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 5 kilometres (3 mi) southwest of Vibo Valentia.	Jonadi	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurdigol-e Nur ed Din (Persian: گورديگل نورالدين‎, also Romanized as Gūrdīgol-e Nūr ed Dīn) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gurdigol-e Nur ed Din	Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Arab (Persian: چم عرب‎, also Romanized as Cham ``Arab; also known as Cham ``Arab-e Āsh``abān) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 6 families.	Cham Arab	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Band-e Jadid (Persian: نوبندجديد‎, also Romanized as Now Band-e Jadīd) is a village in Gurband Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Now Band-e Jadid	Gurband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2204, FM 2204, or Stone Road is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from US 259 Bus.	Farm to Market Road 2204	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Okniny (ˈstarɛ ɔkˈninɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Okniny	Gmina Wiśniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laveh (Persian: لاوه‎, also Romanized as Lāveh; also known as Lāveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Laveh	Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayan County (simplified Chinese: 巴彦县; traditional Chinese: 巴彦縣; pinyin: Bāyàn Xiàn) is under the administration of Harbin, the capital of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Bayan County	Harbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Sandy Regional Airport (ICAO: KSJS, FAA LID: SJS) (formerly K22) is a public use airport located in southwest Martin County, Kentucky, United States.	Big Sandy Regional Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaganów (waˈɡanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łaganów	Gmina Proszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanbradach is a village in the Welsh county borough of Caerphilly, within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire, south Wales less than 3 miles north of the town of Caerphilly.	Llanbradach	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Selkirk Mountains are a mountain range spanning the northern portion of the Idaho Panhandle, eastern Washington, and southeastern British Columbia.	Selkirk Mountains	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millook is a deep coastal valley and hamlet in the parish of Poundstock, on the north coast of Cornwall, England.	Millook	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lin Ma Hang (Chinese: 蓮麻坑) is a village in the Sha Tau Kok area of Hong Kong and is situated north of the New Territories, next to the Shenzhen river, east of Heung Yuen Wai and west of Hung Fa Leng.	Lin Ma Hang	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batăr (Hungarian: Feketebátor; Turkish: Fektebatur) is a commune located in Bihor County, Romania.	Batăr	Bihor County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scituate Reservoir is the largest inland body of water in the state of Rhode Island.	Scituate Reservoir	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kawartha Nordic Ski Club (KNSC) is a Nordic ski area located in North Kawartha township, Peterborough County, Ontario.	Kawartha Nordic Ski Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jade Belt Bridge (simplified Chinese: 玉带桥; traditional Chinese: 玉帶橋; pinyin: Yù Dài Qiáo), also known as the Camel's Back Bridge, is an 18th-century pedestrian Moon bridge located on the grounds of the Summer Palace in Beijing, China.	Jade Belt Bridge	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat-e Ahmadieh (Persian: قنات احمديه‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Aḩmadīeh; also known as Qanāt-e Aḩmadī) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Ahmadieh	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangan District (Persian: بخش سنگان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sangan District	Khvaf County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massino Visconti (usually called simply Massino) is a municipality in the Province of Novara, in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Novara.	Massino Visconti	Province of Novara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baryeh (Persian: بريه‎) is a village in Duzaj Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Baryeh	Duzaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wydrzno (ˈvɨdʐnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wydrzno	Gmina Łasin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buyaqoli (Persian: بوياقلي‎, also Romanized as Būyāqolī) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Buyaqoli	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Somerville City Hall (which formerly served as Somerville High School) is a historic municipal building at 93 Highland Street in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Somerville City Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raghunathchak is a census town under Raniganj police station of Asansol subdivision in Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Raghunathchak	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandalwood High School is a public high school in the Duval County Public School district of Jacksonville, Florida.	Sandalwood High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arromanches Camp is a military installation operated by the Royal Marines in North Devon located 5.2 miles (8.4 km) south west of Barnstaple, Devon, and 3.2 miles (5.1 km) north east of Bideford, Devon, England.	Arromanches Camp	North Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Forge High School is located in Parma Heights, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland.	Valley Forge High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helleh va Delleh (Persian: حله ودله‎, also Romanized as Ḩelleh va Delleh; also known as Ḩalleh Delleh, Ḩalvā Dillāy, Ḩelleh Delleh, and Hilloi-o-Dillai) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Helleh va Delleh	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzbica Górna (vjɛʐˈbit͡sa ˈɡurna) (German: Würbitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wierzbica Górna	Gmina Wołczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llay (Welsh: Llai meaning meadow) is a village and local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales.	Llay	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majhigawan (Hindi, Bhojpuri मँझिगँव) is a village, located in Rohtas District, Bihar on the fertile Gangetic Plain.	Majhigawan	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanbin District (simplified Chinese: 汉滨区; traditional Chinese: 漢濱區; pinyin: Hànbīn Qū), is a district of Ankang, Shaanxi, China.	Hanbin District	Ankang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reddish Knob of Shenandoah Mountain is one of the highest points in Virginia, rising 4,397 feet (1,340 m).	Reddish Knob	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbess End is a hamlet in the Epping Forest district, in the county of Essex, England.	Abbess End	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fay hut was an alpine hut located above Prospectors Valley in Kootenay National Park, British Columbia.	Fay hut	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boparai Kalan is a village of Punjab in the district of Ludhiana, India.	Boparai Kalan	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guardians of the Free Republics, active around 2010, was a group based in the U.S. state of Texas regarded as being part of the sovereign citizen movement.	Guardians of the Free Republics	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Behn River or Behm River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Behn River	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molasi is a village situated 16km south of Tiruchengode in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Molasi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cayuga Hojack Trail is one of two Hojack trails in New York, the other being the Webster Hojack Trail in Webster.	Cayuga Hojack Trail	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folgensbourg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department, in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Folgensbourg	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Starzyńska (ˈvulka staˈʐɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wólka Starzyńska	Gmina Szczekociny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toprzyny (tɔˈpʂɨnɨ) (German: Topprienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Toprzyny	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shundeh Chula (Persian: شونده چولا‎, also Romanized as Shūndeh Chūlā) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shundeh Chula	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barvaj (Persian: بروج‎, also Romanized as Barooj, Barvach, Barvadzh, and Barwaj; also known as Darvaj) is a village in Chuqur Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Barvaj	Chuqur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzeń (ˈdɔbʐɛɲ) (German: Gutwohne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dobrzeń	Gmina Dobroszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeertartivatsiaq Island (old spelling: Qêrtartivatsiaq) is an uninhabited island in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland, located to the southwest of Tiniteqilaaq, and to the west of Ammassalik Island.	Qeertartivatsiaq Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joutel is a ghost town in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the municipality of Baie-James off Route 109 between Amos and Matagami.	Joutel	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis and Celia Skoler Residence, at 213 Scottholm Terrace in Syracuse, New York, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 12, 2010.	Louis and Celia Skoler Residence	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGOZ (101.7 FM, ``Z 101.7'') is an American radio station licensed to serve Gallatin, the county seat of Daviess County, Missouri.	KGOZ	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyżegi (vɨˈʐɛɡi) (German: Wyseggen, 1938-45: Grünlanden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wyżegi	Gmina Wielbark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vojnovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Војновићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vojnovići	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieliczanka (t͡ɕeliˈt͡ʂanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Cieliczanka	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfeh (Persian: اسفه‎; also known as Esfe, Isfeh, and Ispeh) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Esfeh	Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wales National Ice Rink (WNIR) was an ice rink in Cardiff, Wales.	Wales National Ice Rink	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lafayette Oaks is a subdivision in Tallahassee, Florida about 7 miles (11 km) northeast of downtown that was founded in 1971.	Lafayette Oaks	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faryny (faˈrɨnɨ) (German: Farienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Faryny	Gmina Rozogi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dursztyn (ˈdurʂtɨn), (Slovak: Durštín, German: Dürrenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dursztyn	Gmina Nowy Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzebielino (stʂɛbjɛˈlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Strzebielino	Gmina Łęczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doreh Rural District (Persian: دهستان درح‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Doreh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ptarmigan Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located north of Dillion, Colorado in the Williams Fork Mountains.	Ptarmigan Peak Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jean Klock Park is a historic city park along Lake Michigan in Benton Harbor, Michigan, United States.	Jean Klock Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newport Power Station was a complex of power stations in the suburb of Newport, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Newport Power Station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coldwater Lake is a lake located in Branch County, Michigan.	Coldwater Lake	Branch County	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crăciunelu de Jos (German: Christendorf, Hungarian: Alsókarácsonfalva) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Crăciunelu de Jos	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calosso is a rural comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Turin and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Asti in the hilly area between the Tanaro and Belbo and on the borders between Monferrato and Langa.	Calosso	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hope College is a private, residential liberal arts college in downtown Holland, Michigan, United States, a few miles from Lake Michigan.	Hope College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolfie Cohen's Rascal House was a Jewish delicatessen located at the intersection of 172nd Street and Collins Avenue in Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, which opened in May, 1954 and closed on March 30, 2008.	Wolfie Cohen's Rascal House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel de Soubise (pronounced: (otɛl də subiːz)) is a city mansion entre cour et jardin ((ɑ̃ːtʁ kuːʁ e ʒaʁdɛ̃)), located at 60 rue des Francs-Bourgeois, in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris.	Hôtel de Soubise	3rd arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Marzbal (Persian: پايين مرزبال‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Marzbāl) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Marzbal	Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardindrean (Scottish Gaelic: Àird an Dreaghainn) is a small hamlet, located on the west shore of Loch Broom in Garve, Ross-shire and is within the Highland, Scotland.	Ardindrean	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samandaki (Persian: سمندكي‎, also Romanized as Samandakī) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District, Rig District, Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Samandaki	Rudhaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalaj (Persian: كالج‎, also Romanized as Kālaj; also known as Kālach and Kelaj) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalaj	Mian Band Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westchester County Airport (IATA: HPN, ICAO: KHPN, FAA LID: HPN) is a county-owned airport in Westchester County, New York, three miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of White Plains, in the towns of Harrison, North Castle and Rye.	Westchester County Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chickasaw National Wildlife Refuge is a 25,006-acre (101.20 km2) National Wildlife Refuge located along the Mississippi River in the northwestern part of Lauderdale County in West Tennessee.	Chickasaw National Wildlife Refuge	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGOL (branded as ESPN Deportes 1180) is a Houston, Texas AM radio station that airs ESPN Sports Talk in Spanish.	KGOL	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshkin-e Kumasi (Persian: خشكين كوماسي‎, also Romanized as Khoshkīn-e Kūmāsī; also known as Khoshgīn, Khoshkīn, Vashkīn, Veshkīn, and Wiskīn) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khoshkin-e Kumasi	Kalatrazan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wouldham is a small village on the bank of the River Medway in Kent, Great Britain.	Wouldham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otaniemi (Finnish), or Otnäs (Swedish), is a district of Espoo, Finland.	Otaniemi	Espoo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richard J. Reynolds High School now the Richard J. Reynolds Magnet School for the Visual and Performing Arts (often simply R. J. Reynolds High School or Reynolds) is a high school in the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Schools located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Richard J. Reynolds High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hatch End is an area of north west London, situated within the London Borough of Harrow.	Hatch End	London Borough of Harrow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ginter Park is a suburb neighborhood of Richmond, Virginia built on land owned and developed by Lewis Ginter.	Ginter Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harishi (Persian: هريشي‎, also Romanized as Harīshī; also known as Hūrshīn) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Harishi	Arabkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Cloud Dam is a dam across the Mississippi River in St. Cloud, Minnesota, in the United States.	St. Cloud Dam	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plaza Nueva or Plaza Barria (New Square) of Bilbao is a monumental square of Neoclassical style built in 1821.	Plaza Nueva	Bilbao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Mallu (Persian: حاجي ابادملو‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Mallū; also known as Tol-e Mallū-ye Bālā) is a village in Khuzi Rural District, Varavi District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Mallu	Khuzi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nederlands Stripmuseum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈneːdərlɑnts ˈstrɪpmyˌseːʏm); Netherlands Comic Strip Museum) is a museum dedicated to Dutch comic strips and located in Groningen in the Netherlands.	Nederlands Stripmuseum	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ursuline School is an all-girls, independent, private, Roman Catholic middle and high school located on a 13-acre (53,000 m2) campus in New Rochelle, New York in Westchester County.	The Ursuline School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadwalader Park is a city park located in Trenton, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Cadwalader Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowzeh (Persian: نوژه‎; also known as Now Deh) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nowzeh	Roqicheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panjeh-ye Sofla (Persian: پنجه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Panjeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Panjeh-ye Sofla	Qaratureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Round Barn, Dubuque Township is an historic structure located in Dubuque Township in Dubuque County, Iowa.	Round Barn, Dubuque Township	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baradili, Bobadri in Sardinian, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southeast of Oristano.	Baradili	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardfield End Green is a hamlet in the Uttlesford district of Essex, England approximately one mile east of Thaxted.	Bardfield End Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samtskhe-Javakheti (Georgian: სამცხე-ჯავახეთი), is a region (Georgian: Mkhare) formed in the 1990s in southern Georgia from the historical provinces of Meskheti (Samtskhe), Javakheti and Tori (Borjomi gorge).	Samtskhe-Javakheti	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Mountain College is a coeducational private environmental liberal arts college located in Poultney, Vermont, United States.	Green Mountain College	Poultney, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackshaw is a civil parish in the Calderdale metropolitan borough of West Yorkshire, England.	Blackshaw	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbon Castle is a former castle and now the Historisches Museum Arbon (Arbon History Museum) located in the municipality of Arbon of the Canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Arbon Castle	Thurgau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spodnja Javoršica (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈjaːʋɔɾʃitsa); German: Unterjaworschitz) is a small settlement south of Vrhpolje in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Spodnja Javoršica	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Azusa Civic Center is the center of city government in Azusa, California, a city located to the northeast of Los Angeles.	Azusa Civic Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto metro station is located in Catania in Sicily, southern Italy.	Porto metro station	Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Hulu Sungai Regency is one of the nine regencies in South Kalimantan province, Indonesia.	South Hulu Sungai Regency	South Kalimantan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyana (Bulgarian: Бояна) is a neighbourhood of the Bulgarian capital of Sofia, part of Vitosha municipality and situated 8 km south of the city centre, in the outskirts of Vitosha.	Boyana	Sofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bains-sur-Oust (Breton: Baen-Ballon, Gallo: Bein) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine departement in Brittany in northwestern France.	Bains-sur-Oust	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elgin-Middlesex Detention Centre is a maximum security prison located in London, Ontario.	Elgin-Middlesex Detention Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułoszów (suˈwɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sułoszów	Gmina Domaszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondia district (Marathi: गोंदिया जिल्हा), also known as Gondiya district, is an administrative district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Gondia district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čardačine (Cyrillic: Чардачине) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čardačine	Bijeljina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowkaneh (Persian: دوكانه‎, also Romanized as Dowkāneh, Do Kāneh, and Dūkāneh) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dowkaneh	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Searsville Dam is a masonry dam in San Mateo County, California that was completed in 1892, one year after the founding of Stanford University, and impounds Corte Madera Creek (in the San Francisquito Creek watershed) to form a reservoir known as Searsville Lake.	Searsville Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloucester Cathedral, formally the Cathedral Church of St Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity, in Gloucester, England, stands in the north of the city near the River Severn.	Gloucester Cathedral	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKFB is an AM radio station licensed to Jeannette, Pennsylvania that serves the greater Pittsburgh area.	WKFB	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asad Aba (Persian: اسد آبا‎, also Romanized as Āsad Ābā; also known as Asadābād) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District, in the Central District of Sorkheh County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Asad Aba	Lasgerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tiefort Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County, southeastern California in the United States.	Tiefort Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bastia (French pronunciation: ​(bas.tja), Corsican and Italian pronunciation: (basti'a)) is a French commune in the Haute-Corse department of France located in the north-east of the island of Corsica at the base of Cap Corse.	Bastia	Haute-Corse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Rinconada is an Ancestral Puebloan archaeological site located atop a ridge adjacent to a small rincon across from Pueblo Bonito in Chaco Culture National Historical Park, northwestern New Mexico, United States.	Casa Rinconada	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harvey Airfield, a.k.a. Harvey Field, (Its identifier is S43), is a small airport located in Snohomish, Washington.	Harvey Airfield	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potter's Mill is a restaurant and bed and breakfast establishment located in Bellevue, Iowa.	Potter's Mill	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ministrówka (minisˈtrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ministrówka	Gmina Miączyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyvanki District (Persian: بخش ایوانکی‎‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Eyvanki District	Semnan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indigo Tunnel is an abandoned railroad tunnel in Allegany County, Maryland, located about 1 mile (1.6 km) east of Little Orleans.	Indigo Tunnel	Allegany County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jim Edgar Panther Creek State Fish and Wildlife Area (JEPC) is a conservation area located within Cass County in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Jim Edgar Panther Creek State Fish and Wildlife Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manbar (Persian: منبر‎) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Manbar	Hulasu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konio is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the rural commune of Dandougou Fakala in the Cercle of Djenné in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.	Konio	Dandougou Fakala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Gap Mountain runs southwest northeast through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle, rising to its greatest elevation of 2,237 ft (682 m) north of ``Spring Gap'', from which the mountain takes its name.	Spring Gap Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Taïeb Mhiri (Arabic: ملعب الطيب المهيري‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Sfax, Tunisia.	Stade Taïeb Mhiri	Sfax
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Bernardo alle Terme is an abbatial church in Rome, Italy.	San Bernardo alle Terme	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarbock is a village and former civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley, in Merseyside, England.	Tarbock	Knowsley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horace Williams Airport (ICAO: KIGX, FAA LID: IGX) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north of the central business district of Chapel Hill, a city in Orange County, North Carolina, United States.	Horace Williams Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westin at Tulsa Garden Square is a high-rise building proposed for construction in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	The Westin at Tulsa Garden Square	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pop Keeney Stadium, located in Bothell, Washington, hosts games for several high schools in the region, including Inglemoor, Woodinville, and Bothell High School.	Pop Keeney Stadium	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southside Speedway (also known as ``The Toughest Short Track in the South'') is a short track used for stock car auto racing located just South of Richmond, Virginia in Chesterfield County.	Southside Speedway	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolosh (Persian: كلش‎) is a village in Minabad Rural District, Anbaran District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kolosh	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owsiszcze (ɔfˈɕiʂt͡ʂɛ) (German Owschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanowice, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the Czech border.	Owsiszcze	Gmina Krzyżanowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newport Music Hall is a music venue located at 1722 North High Street, Columbus, Ohio, across the street from the Ohio Union of the Ohio State University.	Newport Music Hall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaomi (Chinese: 高密; pinyin: Gāomì) is a county-level city of eastern Shandong province, People's Republic of China, under the administration of Weifang City.	Gaomi	Weifang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Oesa is a body of water located at an elevation of 2,267m (7438 ft) in the mountains of Yoho National Park, near Field, British Columbia, Canada.	Lake Oesa	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	John L. Miller Great Neck North High School or simply ``North High,'' or ``North,'' is a public high school, including grades 9 through 12, in the village of Great Neck, New York, operated by the Great Neck School District.	John L. Miller Great Neck North High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cigar Lake Mine is the largest undeveloped high grade uranium deposit in the world, located in the uranium rich Athabasca Basin of northern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Cigar Lake Mine	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNTE (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mansfield, Pennsylvania, USA, the station serves the Mansfield University campus.	WNTE	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Anchorage is a neighborhood in the U.S. city of Anchorage, Alaska.	Downtown Anchorage	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buck's Rock Performing and Creative Arts Camp is an educational summer camp located in New Milford, Connecticut.	Buck's Rock	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Park Village is an upscale shopping plaza located at the southwest corner of Mockingbird Lane and Preston Road in Highland Park, Texas (USA) and was the first self-contained shopping center in America.	Highland Park Village	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCCC-LP (98.5 FM) is a low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Hays, Kansas, USA.	KCCC-LP	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donovan Creek Estuary lies on the Quilcene bay on the coast of Jefferson County, Washington in north-west Washington state on the Olympic Peninsula.	Donovan Creek Estuary	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkham is a village and civil parish in the Dover district of Kent, England, about five miles west of Dover, on the B2060 secondary road.	Alkham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillman Library is the largest library and the center of administration for the University Library System (ULS) of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Hillman Library	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colburn Park Historic District encompasses the heart of Lebanon, New Hampshire.	Colburn Park Historic District	Lebanon
located in the administrative territorial entity	McGregor Lake is an elongated (40 by 2 km or 24.9 by 1.2 mi) reservoir in Southern Alberta.	McGregor Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palesk (Persian: پلسك‎, also Romanized as Pelesk) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Palesk	Tangeh Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pen-rhiw (sometimes spelt ``Penrhiw'') is a hamlet in the community of Y Ferwig, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 74.8 miles (120.4 km) from Cardiff and 195.2 miles (314.2 km) from London.	Pen-rhiw	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bud Bud is a town and police station in Durgapur subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Bud Bud	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyl-e Sabzeh (Persian: خيل سبزه‎) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kheyl-e Sabzeh	Qalkhani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hickling Hall was a grade II listed house in Hickling, Norfolk, England.	Hickling Hall	Hickling, Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Torrington is a small hamlet in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	West Torrington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Empire State Building is a 102-story skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, on Fifth Avenue between West 33rd and 34th Streets.	Empire State Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Veterans Memorial Centennial Bridge (formerly known as the Bennett Bay Centennial Bridge) is a freeway bridge in Idaho, USA.	Veterans Memorial Centennial Bridge	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srem District (Serbian: Сремски округ, Sremski okrug, pronounced (srɛ̂ːm), lit. ``Syrmia District'') is a northwestern district of Serbia.	Srem District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayle Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County, New Hampshire, standing above Conner Pond.	Bayle Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Wiśniowska (ˈvɔla viɕˈɲɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Wiśniowska	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kujbiedy (kui̯ˈbjɛdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kujbiedy	Gmina Jasionówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalgadarreh-ye Yek (Persian: کلگه‌دره یک‎, also Romanized as Kalgadarreh-ye Yek; also known as Kalak Darreh, Kalakdarreh-ye Yek, Kalgeh Darreh, and Kalk Darreh) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalgadarreh-ye Yek	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château du Falkenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Philippsbourg in the Moselle département of France, at the heart of the Parc naturel régional des Vosges du Nord.	Château du Falkenstein	Philippsbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Disciplinary Barracks (or USDB, popularly known as Leavenworth, or the DB) is a military correctional facility located on Fort Leavenworth, a United States Army post in Kansas.	United States Disciplinary Barracks	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Masonic Hall, in Burton, Washington, located on Vashon Island, was built in 1894 by the Woodmen of the World.	Burton Masonic Hall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camas Cemetery is a cemetery in Camas, Washington that was first used in 1860.	Camas Cemetery	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre Intesa Sanpaolo in Turin, Italy is a skyscraper as well as the headquarters for the banking group Intesa Sanpaolo.	Torre Intesa Sanpaolo	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheydiz (Persian: خيديز‎, also Romanized as Kheydīz) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kheydiz	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Ambroisie (French pronunciation: ​(lɑ̃bʁwazi)) is a Michelin three-starred restaurant in Paris, France.	L'Ambroisie	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Tallangatta was a local government area about 340 kilometres (211 mi) northeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Tallangatta	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Laurentian Conservation Area is a 2,400 acres (970 ha) conservation area in Greater Sudbury, Ontario.	Lake Laurentian Conservation Area	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senador Vasconcelos is a neighborhood of lower class in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Senador Vasconcelos	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stamford, officially known as the Stewart B. McKinney Transportation Center or the Stamford Transportation Center, is a major railroad station in the city of Stamford, Connecticut, serving passengers traveling on Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line, Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, and Shore Line East.	Stamford Transportation Center	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haparanda Municipality (Swedish: Haparanda kommun), (Finnish: Haaparanta) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden.	Haparanda Municipality	Norrbotten County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memphis Central Station, referred to as Grand Central Station prior to 1944, is a passenger terminal in Memphis, Tennessee.	Memphis Central Station	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celestial Heights (Chinese: 富甲半山; pinyin: Fùjiǎ Bànshān; Jyutping: fu3 gaap3 bun3 saan1) is a private housing estate in To Kwa Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong, jointly developed by Cheung Kong Holdings and Nan Fung Group.	Celestial Heights	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krutyński Piecek (kruˈtɨɲski ˈpjɛt͡sɛk) (German: Krutinnerofen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krutyński Piecek	Gmina Piecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florida Street (Spanish: Calle Florida) is an elegant shopping street in Downtown Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Florida Street	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadrosaurus Foulkii Leidy Site in Haddonfield, Camden County, New Jersey, United States, is where the first relatively complete set of dinosaur bones were discovered in 1838, and then fully excavated by William Parker Foulke in 1858.	Hadrosaurus Foulkii Leidy Site	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokoni I is an administrative ward in the Arusha District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania.	Sokoni I	Arusha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyczewo (tɨˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (formerly German Tietzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Tyczewo	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Mountain is a mountain in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, located approximately 10 miles northwest of Antlers, Oklahoma.	Lost Mountain	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Saint Paul Rochester & Dubuque Electric Traction Company Depot or Orchard Gardens Railway Station, located at County Road 5 and 155th Street in Burnsville in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1910 on the Dan Patch Line, later known as the Minneapolis, Northfield and Southern Railway.	Minneapolis Saint Paul Rochester & Dubuque Electric Traction Company Depot	Burnsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barford St Martin is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 2.5 miles (4 km) west of Wilton, on the junction of the A30 and the B3089.	Barford St Martin	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJNG-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts tourist information at 89.7 FM and at 106.9 FM as CKJF-FM in Quebec City, Quebec.	CJNG-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Robat (Persian: سراب رباط‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Robāţ) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Robat	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veitastrond is a small village in the western part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Veitastrond	Luster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monsignor McClancy Memorial High School is a co-educational Catholic high school located in the East Elmhurst neighborhood of Queens, New York.	Monsignor McClancy Memorial High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Science & Technology Museum of Atlanta, usually known as SciTrek, was located at 395 Piedmont Avenue (33.766°N 84.3816°W) in Atlanta, Georgia, next to the Atlanta Civic Center.	SciTrek	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LaVilla Museum is a museum of African American history and culture located in the 1929 Ritz Theater in Jacksonville, Florida.	LaVilla Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khakibeyg (Persian: خاكي بيگ‎, also Romanized as Khākībeyg) is a village in Obatu Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khakibeyg	Obatu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanchet Catholic School (BCS) is a private Catholic high school and middle school in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Blanchet Catholic School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steptoe Battlefield State Park is a 4-acre (1.6 ha) Washington state park in Rosalia, Whitman County.	Steptoe Battlefield State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villatuelda is a Spanish village and municipality in the province of Burgos, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.	Villatuelda	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Megalapalya(Kannada:ಮೇಗಲಪಳ್ಯ ) is a small village in Magadi taluk, Ramanagara district (Before 2010 it was Bengaluru rural district), Karnataka, India.	Megalapalya	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kablovi (Cyrillic: Каблови) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kablovi	Čelinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leżne (ˈlɛʐnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leżne	Gmina Jasieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Day Square is a section of the neighborhood of East Boston in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Day Square	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles Street African Methodist Episcopal Church is an historic African Methodist Episcopal Church at 551 Warren Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Charles Street African Methodist Episcopal Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mealhada (Portuguese pronunciation: (miɐˈʎaðɐ)) is a city and a municipality located in Aveiro District in Portugal.	Mealhada	Aveiro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloucester County Christian School (GCCS) is a private Christian school located in the Sewell section of Mantua Township, New Jersey, United States.	Gloucester County Christian School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phak Khuang (Thai: ผักขวง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Thong Saen Khan District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Phak Khuang	Thong Saen Khan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumpter Valley Railway Passenger Station was the westernmost station on the Sumpter Valley Railway, which ran 80 miles (130 km) from Baker City to Prairie City in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Sumpter Valley Railway Passenger Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millford Plantation (also spelled Milford) is a historic place located on SC 261 west of Pinewood, South Carolina.	Millford Plantation	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJTB-FM is a french language community radio station that operates at 93.1 MHz (FM) in Tête-à-la-Baleine, Quebec, Canada.	CJTB-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Lucia Mountains or Santa Lucia Range is a mountain range in coastal central California, running from Monterey County southeast for 105 miles (169 km) into central San Luis Obispo County.	Santa Lucia Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sechura District is one of the six districts that make up the Sechura Province in the Piura Region of Peru.	Sechura District	Sechura Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhydlewis is a small inland village in Ceredigion, Wales.	Rhydlewis	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Dorchester High School is a rural American high school, located in Hurlock, Maryland.	North Dorchester High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenart (Persian: فنارت‎‎, also Romanized as Fenārt; also known as Penārt and Pīnārt) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Fenart	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Maria Mountains are located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of California, near the Colorado River and Arizona.	Big Maria Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley University is a private, mid-sized university in Peoria, Illinois.	Bradley University	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Knob, also known as Elk Hill, is a mountain peak in Herrick Township, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania.	North Knob	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bom Jesus do Galho is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.	Bom Jesus do Galho	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	London Motorcycle Museum opened in May 1999 at Oldfield Lane South, Greenford, Middlesex.	London Motorcycle Museum	Greenford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Republican River Pegram Truss is a bridge located near Concordia, Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Republican River Pegram Truss	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orekhovo-Borisovo Severnoye District (Russian: райо́н Оре́хово-Бори́сово Се́верное), commonly known as Orekhovo-Borisovo, is a district in Southern Administrative Okrug of Moscow, Russia, located on the spot of former villages of Orekhovo, Borisovo, Shipilovo, Zyablikovo, and Brateyevo.	Orekhovo-Borisovo Severnoye District	Southern Administrative Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosochate (rɔsɔˈxatɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rosochate	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iloilo Sports Complex, also known as the Iloilo Sports Center is a multi-use stadium in Barangay Magsaysay, La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines and is the venue of athletic events in Iloilo province and Western Visayas and occasionally hosts large gatherings such as concerts.	Iloilo Sports Complex	Iloilo City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross Roads Presbyterian Church and Cemetery and Stainback Store are historic buildings near Mebane, Alamance County, North Carolina.	Cross Roads Presbyterian Church and Cemetery and Stainback Store	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Redmond station is a proposed Link Light Rail station on the north side of Redmond Town Center shopping mall in downtown Redmond, Washington.	Downtown Redmond station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buford Mountain Conservation Area consists of 3,824 acres (15.48 km2) north of Ironton and southwest of Bismarck, Missouri.	Buford Mountain Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downham is a suburban district located in south east London, with parts inside of the London Borough of Lewisham.	Downham	London Borough of Lewisham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Squatter's Row was a historic neighborhood in the downtown area of Omaha, Nebraska.	Squatter's Row	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dwornia (ˈdvɔrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dwornia	Gmina Wola Mysłowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presnensky District (Russian: Пре́сненский райо́н), commonly called Presnya (Пре́сня), is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	Presnensky District	Central Administrative Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordjin (Persian: كردجين‎, also Romanized as Kordjīn) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kordjin	Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fremont Street is a street in Las Vegas, Nevada, and is the second most famous street in the Las Vegas Valley after the Las Vegas Strip.	Fremont Street	Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazar-e Dehneh (Persian: مزاردهنه‎, also Romanized as Mazār-e Dehneh) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazar-e Dehneh	Pishkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Locle is a municipality in Le Locle District in the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.	Le Locle	Canton of Neuchâtel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claverley is a village and civil parish in east Shropshire, England.	Claverley	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Birth of Freedom Council is a council of the Boy Scouts of America serving South-Central Pennsylvania.	New Birth of Freedom Council	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Juan Antonio Garcia House in the North Valley area of Albuquerque, New Mexico dates from 1860.	Juan Antonio Garcia House	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egegik Airport (IATA: EGX, ICAO: PAII, FAA LID: EII) is a city owned, public use airport serving Egegik, a city in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Egegik Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Haystack is a mountain in the Great Range of the Adirondack High Peaks in the Adirondack Mountains of New York.	Mount Haystack	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samal-e Jonubi (Persian: سمل جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Samal-e Jonūbī) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Samal-e Jonubi	Ahram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkarö is a locality situated in Västerås Municipality, Västmanland County, Sweden with 1,163 inhabitants in 2010.	Barkarö	Västerås Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hohenfelder Mühlenau is a stream, about 10 km long, in the district of Plön in northeast part of the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Hohenfelder Mühlenau	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grudusk-Olszak (ˈɡrudusk ˈɔlʂak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grudusk-Olszak	Gmina Grudusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Setrock Creek Falls is a waterfall in the Pisgah National Forest, in North Carolina.	Setrock Creek Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jayne's Hill (also known as High Hill, West Hills, Oakley's Hill, and Janes Hill) is the highest point on Long Island, New York, with an elevation of between 387 feet (118 m) and 400.9 feet (122.2 m) above sea level.	Jayne's Hill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahal Gazer (Persian: چهل گذر‎, also Romanized as Chahal Gaẕer) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahal Gazer	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąsowo (vɔ̃ˈsɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wąsowo	Gmina Kuślin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danielowice (daɲɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Dammelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Danielowice	Gmina Domaniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Disa uniflora, despite its restricted range within the Western Cape, is relatively common in the perennially wet areas (waterfalls, streamlets and seeps) on Table Mountain and the Back Table, but hardly anywhere else on the Cape Peninsula.	Table Mountain	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Koszucka-Parcele (ˈvɔla kɔˈʂut͡ska parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wola Koszucka-Parcele	Gmina Słupca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John and Rosetta Lee House is a private residential structure located at 823 Calhoun Street in the city of Lapeer in Lapeer County, Michigan.	John and Rosetta Lee House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lecale (from Irish Leath Cathail, meaning ``Cathal's half''), is the name of a peninsula and several different historical territorial divisions all located in the east of modern-day County Down, Northern Ireland.	Lecale	County Down
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saddleback Lakes are a chain of small alpine glacial lakes in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	Saddleback Lakes	Custer County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol (i/ˈbrɪstəl/) is a city, unitary authority and county in South West England with an estimated population of 442,500 in 2015.	Bristol	South West England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumang Gewog (Dzongkha: ཀླུ་མང་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashigang District, Bhutan.	Lumang Gewog	Trashigang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etang de la Gruère is a small lake in the Jura range near Saignelégier, Canton of Jura, Switzerland.	Etang de la Gruère	Canton of Jura
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tootell House (also called King's Row or Hedgerow) is a house at 1747 Mooresfield Road in Kingston, Rhode Island that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Tootell House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greybull River is a tributary of the Big Horn River, approximately 90 miles (140 km) long in northern Wyoming in the United States.	Greybull River	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freiberg Mining Field (German: Freiberger Revier or Freiberger Bergbaurevier) is an ore field which, in its widest sense, is located on an ore deposit of precious and non-ferrous metals roughly 35 x 40 kilometres in area in the lower Eastern Ore Mountains in the German Free State of Saxony.	Freiberg Mining Field	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byecroft Farm Complex, also known as ``Old Congress,'' is a historic home and farm complex located in Buckingham Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Byecroft Farm Complex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxleas Wood is one of the few remaining areas of ancient deciduous forest in Eltham in the Royal Borough of Greenwich (with a small amount passing over the boundary into the London Borough of Bexley), in southeast London.	Oxleas Wood	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mizzou Arena is an indoor arena located on the south side of the campus of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.	Mizzou Arena	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mielcuchy (mjɛlˈt͡suxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czajków, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mielcuchy	Gmina Czajków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southgate River is a river in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, entering the head of Bute Inlet, on that province's South Coast, just east of the mouth of the Homathko River at Waddington Harbour.	Southgate River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art is the state art museum of Florida, located in Sarasota, Florida.	John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luzanivka Hydropark is a park in Odessa, Ukraine, at the coast of the Gulf of Odessa.	Luzanivka Hydropark	Odessa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garfield Street Historic District is a historic district on Garfield Street between Massachusetts Ave. and Oxford Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Garfield Street Historic District	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour Vauban (Vauban Tower), initially known as the tour de Camaret, is an 18m-high polygonal defensive tower built to a plan by Vauban on the Sillon at Camaret-sur-Mer, as part of the fortifications of the goulet de Brest.	Tour Vauban	Camaret-sur-Mer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flagg Ranch is a privately operated resort located in the John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway corridor between Yellowstone National Park and Grand Teton National Park in northwestern Wyoming.	Flagg Ranch	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowmeeh-ye Bozorg (Persian: صومعه بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Şowme``eh-ye Bozorg; also known as Şowma``eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 17 families.	Sowmeeh-ye Bozorg	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	SAP Center at San Jose (formerly San Jose Arena, Compaq Center at San Jose and HP Pavilion at San Jose) is an indoor arena located in San Jose, California.	SAP Center	San Jose
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biserica Neagră or Black Church (German: Schwarze Kirche; Romanian: Biserica Neagră; Hungarian: Fekete templom) is a church in Brașov, a city in south-eastern Transylvania, Romania.	Biserica Neagră	Brașov
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roads is a neighborhood of Miami in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.	The Roads	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuseh Safar (Persian: كوسه صفر‎, also Romanized as Kūseh Şafar) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuseh Safar	Sarajuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janbahan (Persian: جانبهان‎, also Romanized as Jānbahān; also known as Jābnahān) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Janbahan	Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schwentine is a river in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Schwentine	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tušev Dol (pronounced (ˈtuːʃɛu̯ ˈdoːu̯); German: Tuschenthal) is a settlement west of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Tušev Dol	Črnomelj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seneca Quarry is a historic site located at Seneca, Montgomery County, Maryland.	Seneca Quarry	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haselbury Plucknett is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett in Somerset, England, situated 6 miles (9.7 km) south west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Haselbury Plucknett	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Megunticook River is a short river in Camden, Maine.	Megunticook River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	As per orders of the Delimitation Commission, No. 33 Hemtabad (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (SC) covers Hemtabad community development block and Bhatun, Bindol, Jagadishpur, Mahipur, Sherpur, Rampur and Sitgram gram panchayats of Raiganj community development block.	Hemtabad (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Raiganj
located in the administrative territorial entity	When the Wadleigh High School for Girls opened in 1902, the Harlem neighborhood in upper Manhattan where Wadleigh was located was a fashionable middle and upper class, mostly white and Jewish, area.	Wadleigh High School for Girls	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nizhny Kuranakh (Russian: Ни́жний Курана́х; Yakut: Аллараа Кураанах) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Aldansky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 30 kilometers (19 mi) from Aldan, the administrative center of the district.	Nizhny Kuranakh	Aldansky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located immediately across the Edsviken and Stocksundet from Bergshamra, Stocksund is one of four parts of Danderyd Municipality north of Stockholm.	Stocksund	Danderyd Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Lengeh (Persian: ميان لنگه‎, also Romanized as Mīān Lengeh) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mian Lengeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pike's Stockade, located near Sanford, Colorado, on the Conejos River, about 45 miles southwest of Fort Garland, was built in 1807.	Pike's Stockade	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Vlaie is a swamp which is the source of the Sawyer Kill stream in Ulster County, New York.	Great Vlaie	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielonka Nowa (ʑeˈlɔŋka ˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zielonka Nowa	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lebanon Correctional Institution is a prison operated by the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction in Warren County's Turtlecreek Township, about four miles west of Lebanon and two miles east of Monroe on State Route 63.	Lebanon Correctional Institution	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor State Forest is a state-owned, public recreation area and forest preserve in the town of Windsor, Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Windsor State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victorian Gardens is a seasonal traditional-style amusement park, which is located in the Wollman Rink of Central Park in Manhattan, New York City.	Victorian Gardens	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper's Rock State Forest Superintendent's House and Garage is a historic home and garage located at Cooper's Rock State Forest near Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Cooper's Rock State Forest Superintendent's House and Garage	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szetlewek (ʂɛˈtlɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Szetlewek	Gmina Zagórów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houston County Schools is the county government agency which operates the public schools in Houston County, Georgia, USA.	Houston County Schools	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chamberlain-Kay House is located in Belton, a city in Anderson County, South Carolina.	Chamberlain-Kay House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malone Freight Depot is a historic railroad freight depot located at Malone in Franklin County, New York.	Malone Freight Depot	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chin Rural District (Persian: دهستان چين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chin Rural District	Ludab District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaju (Persian: جاجو‎, also Romanized as Jājū) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jaju	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charters Towers Region is a local government area in North Queensland, Australia southwest of, and inland from the city of Townsville, based in Charters Towers.	Charters Towers Region	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hariksee is a lake in the Niederrhein (``Lower Rhine'' region in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has a surface area of 0.2 km². The River Schwalm flows through the lake.	Hariksee	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breakneck Creek is a tributary of Connoquenessing Creek that flows in a northwardly direction in Western Pennsylvania.	Breakneck Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wateni (or Waténi) is a rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Wateni	Sikasso Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Babak Dariyush (Persian: ده بابك داريوش‎, also Romanized as Deh Bābak Dārīyūsh; also known as Deh Bābak and Tolombeh-ye Deh Bābak) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Babak Dariyush	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Feroe Building, also known as the Harry C. Feroe Building and the Stewart Building, is an historic two-story commercial building located at 73 S.W. Flagler Avenue, corner of S.W. St. Lucie Avenue in Stuart, Martin County, Florida.	Feroe Building	Stuart
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Table Mountain Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve of 3,315 acres (13.42 km2) located three miles (5 km) north of Oroville, in Butte County, northern California.	North Table Mountain Ecological Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurali Rural District (Persian: دهستان نورعلي‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Nurali Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendra road is a town and a nagar panchayat in Bilaspur district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.	Pendra	Bilaspur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Captain Moses W. Collyer House, also Driftwood, is located on River Road South in Chelsea, New York, United States.	Captain Moses W. Collyer House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper's Mill, also known as Tom Cooper Mill, is a historic grist mill located of County Route 27 near Jumping Branch, Summers County, West Virginia.	Cooper's Mill	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahim Hatami-ye Do (Persian: رحيم حاتم دو‎, also Romanized as Raḥīm Hātami-ye Do, meaning ``Rahim Hatami 2'') is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rahim Hatami-ye Do	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dames Point Light marked an 8-foot-deep (2.4 m) shoal at a sharp bend in the St. Johns River in Florida that was a danger to ships heading to or from Jacksonville.	Dames Point Light	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shankar Nagar is a town in Tilottama Municipality in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Shankar Nagar	Rupandehi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponte della Libertà (English: Bridge of Liberty) is a road bridge connecting the historical center of the city of Venice, that is a group of islands, to the mainland.	Ponte della Libertà	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misericordia University is a four-year, Catholic, co-educational liberal arts university located on a 100-acre (0.40 km2) campus in Dallas, Pennsylvania, near the cities of Wilkes-Barre and Scranton within the Diocese of Scranton.	Misericordia University	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tworóg Mały (ˈtfɔruk ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Tworóg Mały	Gmina Sośnicowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beacon Street Historic District is a historic district running most of the length of Beacon Street in Brookline, Massachusetts, roughly from Saint Mary's Road, near Kenmore Square, to Ayr Road near Cleveland Circle.	Beacon Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonka (kɔˈlɔnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonka	Gmina Pionki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzanowo-Lasocin (rad͡zaˈnɔvɔ laˈsɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radzanowo-Lasocin	Gmina Radzanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crested Butte Mountain Resort is a ski resort located at Mount Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.	Crested Butte Mountain Resort	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharafshadeh (Persian: شرفشاده‎, also Romanized as Sharafshādeh and Sharaf Shādeh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sharafshadeh	Rudboneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marquis Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 46th Street Between Broadway and Eighth Avenue in midtown-Manhattan.	Marquis Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzyar, Zahedan (Persian: برزیار‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Barzyar, Zahedan	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Cerekwica (ˈnɔva t͡sɛrɛkˈfit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowa Cerekwica	Gmina Jaraczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leadville Historic District is in the mining town of Leadville, Colorado.	Leadville Historic District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahrizeh-ye Ali Aqa (Persian: كهريزه علي اقا‎, also Romanized as Kahrīzeh-ye ʿAlī Āqā; also known as Kahrīzeh) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kahrizeh-ye Ali Aqa	Akhtachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penobscot Ice Arena is a high school hockey rink in Brewer, Maine, USA.	Penobscot Ice Arena	Brewer, Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanna Hubba Bluff is a bluff above the Tombigbee River near Calvert in northeastern Mobile County, Alabama, United States.	Nanna Hubba Bluff	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Smart is a round natural freshwater lake, with a semicircular cove on its northwest side, on the northeast side of Winter Haven, Florida.	Lake Smart	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galveston Airport (FAA LID: 5I6) is a public-use airport in unincorporated Cass County, Indiana, United States.	Galveston Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Pir (Persian: كنارپير‎, also Romanized as Konār Pīr, Kenar Pir, and Kunār Pīr) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Konar Pir	Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanilar is a village in Ceredigion, Wales, about 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) southeast of Aberystwyth.	Llanilar	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Azad (Persian: چشمه ازاد‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Āzād) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Azad	Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuszlów (ˈkuʂluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kuszlów	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towyn (Welsh: Tywyn), is a seaside resort in the County Borough of Conwy, Wales.	Towyn	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żórawie (ʐuˈravjɛ) (formerly German Kronheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Żórawie	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château d'Olhain is a 15th-century castle located in Olhain, Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen, Pas-de-Calais, Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France.	Château d'Olhain	Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hargla (Võro: Harglõ) is a village in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southern Estonia.	Hargla	Taheva Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bierówka (bjɛˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bierówka	Gmina Jasło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion pod Hrádkem, also known as Areál Vodranty, is a football stadium in Čáslav, Czech Republic.	Stadion pod Hrádkem	Čáslav
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hontenisse (population in 2002: 8,014) is a former municipality in the southwestern Netherlands, in the municipality of Hulst in the province of Zeeland.	Hontenisse	Hulst
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nam-e Nik (Persian: نام نيك‎, also Romanized as Nām-e Nīk and Nām Nīk; also known as Nāmīn, Nānik, and Nānīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Nam-e Nik	Rezvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wujiaqu (Chinese: 五家渠; pinyin: Wǔjiāqú, Uyghur: ۋۇجياچۈ‎, ULY: Wujyachü, UYY: Vujyaqü?) is a sub-prefecture-level city in the northern part of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China, about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Ürümqi.	Wujiaqu	Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise is a Fairmont Hotel on the eastern shore of Lake Louise, near Banff, Alberta.	Chateau Lake Louise	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mattatuck Museum is a cultural institution based in Waterbury, Connecticut, USA.	Mattatuck Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Kheyr-e Pain (Persian: ده خيرپائين‎, also Romanized as Deh Kheyr-e Pā’īn and Deh Khair Pain; also known as Deh Kheyr-e Soflá and Kheir Sofla) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Kheyr-e Pain	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hadley Center Historic District is an expansive, 2,500-acre (1,000 ha) historic district encompassing the village center of Hadley, Massachusetts.	Hadley Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viran Qayah (Persian: ويران قيه‎, also Romanized as Vīrān Qayah) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Viran Qayah	Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop's University is a predominantly undergraduate university in Lennoxville, Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	Bishop's University	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janid Deraz (Persian: جنيد دراز‎, also Romanized as Janīd Derāz; also known as Gonbad Derāz and Gonbad-e Derāz) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Janid Deraz	Sarjam Rural District
manufacturer	Built by Hyundai Heavy Industries in Ulsan, South Korea, the Kyoto Express was completed in November 2005.	Kyoto Express	Hyundai Heavy Industries
manufacturer	The Medway SLA100 Executive, also called the Medway SLA 100 Executive, is a British ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Medway Microlights, of Rochester, Kent.	Medway SLA100 Executive	Medway Microlights
manufacturer	The SS Barossa was a 4,239 gross ton cargo ship built by Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company, Dundee for the Adelaide Steamship Company in 1938.	SS Barossa	Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company
manufacturer	The Lancia Musa (Type 350) is a luxury mini MPV marketed by Lancia, the premium marque of Italian automaker Fiat.	Lancia Musa	Fiat
manufacturer	The Stadler GTW is an articulated railcar for local transport made by Stadler Rail of Switzerland.	Stadler GTW	Stadler Rail
manufacturer	SS City of Benares was a steam passenger ship built for Ellerman Lines by Barclay, Curle & Co of Glasgow in 1936.	SS City of Benares	Barclay, Curle
manufacturer	HMS L7 was built by Cammell Laird, Birkenhead.	HMS L7	Cammell Laird
manufacturer	General Motors-Holden's produced a Vauxhall Wyvern model in Australia from 1938 to 1957.	Vauxhall Wyvern	General Motors
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi AAM-3 (Type 90 air-to-air missile, 90式空対空誘導弾) is a short-range air-to-air missile developed in Japan.	AAM-3	Mitsubishi
manufacturer	The Chevrolet Tahoe (and very similar GMC Yukon) are full-size SUVs from General Motors.	Chevrolet Tahoe	General Motors
member of sports team	Miles Glenn Gardner (January 25, 1916 -- July 7, 1964) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1945.	Glenn Gardner	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	Neil Lowe (born 20 December 1978 in Leeds) is an English born Scottish rugby league footballer playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Salford, Doncaster, York City Knights, Keighley Cougars, and Hunslet Hawks, as a Second-row.	Neil Lowe	Featherstone Rovers	York City Knights	Keighley Cougars	Hunslet Hawks
member of sports team	Gareth Honor in Farnborough, London, England is a rugby league player for London Skolars in National League Two.	Gareth Honor	London Skolars
member of sports team	Anđelko Savić, can be written also as Andjelko Savić (born 11 March 1993) is a Swiss forward of Serbian descent who plays for Neuchâtel Xamax in the Swiss Challenge League.	Anđelko Savić	Neuchâtel Xamax
member of sports team	Devis Nossa (born 7 February 1985) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Virtus Entella.	Devis Nossa	Virtus Entella
member of sports team	Bert Knibbs (1924 -- July 31, 1998), was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Lethbridge Maple Leafs.	Bert Knibbs	Lethbridge Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Syed Karim (born 21 May 1984) is a professional footballer who plays for Tanjong Pagar United FC in the S.League.	Syed Karim	Tanjong Pagar United FC
member of sports team	Carina Holmberg (born 4 October 1983) is a Swedish football player for Sunnanå SK in the Swedish Elitettan who is a forward.	Carina Holmberg	Sunnanå SK
member of sports team	Joonas Donskoi (born April 13, 1992) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays under contract with the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Joonas Donskoi	San Jose Sharks
member of sports team	Andy Bracek (born Saturday 21 March 1987 in Leigh, Greater Manchester) is an English born Welsh rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Leigh Miners Rangers, St. Helens, Warrington Wolves, Barrow Raiders (twice), and Crusaders, as a Second-row.	Andy Bracek	Warrington Wolves	Barrow Raiders
member of sports team	Łukasz Moneta (born 13 May 1994) is a professional footballer who currently plays in Poland for Legia Warsaw.	Łukasz Moneta	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Oleksandr Sklyar (Ukrainian: Олександр Сергійович Скляр; born February 26, 1991 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Sklyar	FC Vorskla Poltava
member of sports team	Christian Maggio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkristjan ˈmaddʒo); born 11 February 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a right back for Serie A club Napoli and Italian national team.	Christian Maggio	Napoli
member of sports team	Dennis Setterington (1945 -- 2005) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Rangers, Falkirk and Stirling Albion.	Dennis Setterington	Rangers
member of sports team	Ivan Matić (born 30 April 1971) is a retired Croatian professional footballer and current manager of RNK Split Matić began his career in the Yugoslav First League with HNK Hajduk Split.	Ivan Matić	RNK Split
member of sports team	Omid Namazi (Persian: امید نمازی‎‎) is a retired Iranian-American soccer defender and currently head coach of the United States men's national under-18 soccer team.	Omid Namazi	United States men's national under-18 soccer team
member of sports team	Razali Umar Kandasamy (born 5 August 1986) is a Malaysian footballer, who currently plays for MISC-MIFA in Malaysia FAM League.	Razali Umar Kandasamy	MISC-MIFA
member of sports team	Alai Kalaniuvalu (born October 23, 1971) is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons, Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles, and the Denver Broncos.	Alai Kalaniuvalu	Atlanta Falcons	Washington Redskins	Philadelphia Eagles	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Nenad Višnjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Bишњић, born 25 April 1983) is a Serbian football defender playing with FK Borac Čačak in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Nenad Višnjić	FK Borac Čačak
member of sports team	Bruno Bitkowski (November 11, 1929 -- February 10, 1966) was an all-star Canadian football centre for the Ottawa Rough Riders for eleven seasons.	Bruno Bitkowski	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Gergő Oláh (born 18 February 1989 in Gyula) is a Hungarian football defender player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	Gergő Oláh	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Jorge Enríquez García (born 8 January 1991 in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer, who plays at midfielder for Club León onloan from C.D. Guadalajara in the Liga MX.	Jorge Enríquez	Club León
member of sports team	Daniel Vasilevski (born 4 September 1981 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian footballer who plays for Altona Magic SC in the Victorian State League Division 1.	Daniel Vasilevski	Altona Magic SC
member of sports team	Michael Hamlin (born November 21, 1985) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, Jacksonville Jaguars, Indianapolis Colts, and Washington Redskins.	Michael Hamlin	Dallas Cowboys	Jacksonville Jaguars	Indianapolis Colts	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Larry Strickland (September 3, 1931 -- August 29, 1979) was an American Football center for six seasons between 1954 and 1959 for the Chicago Bears, a one-time Pro Bowler and one-time first-team All-Pro. Strickland was born in Tyler, Texas.	Larry Strickland	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Tim Linthorst (born 3 July 1994) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for De Graafschap in the Eredivisie.	Tim Linthorst	De Graafschap
member of sports team	Anne Kjersti Suvdal (born 30 July 1987) is a Norwegian team handball player who plays for the club Viborg HK.	Anne Kjersti Suvdal	Viborg HK
member of sports team	Hans Hateboer (born 9 January 1994, in Beerta) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a right back for FC Groningen in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Hans Hateboer	FC Groningen
member of sports team	Maksym Babiychuk (Ukrainian: Максим Миколайович Бабійчук; born 28 April 1994 in Zaporizhya, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Maksym Babiychuk	FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
member of sports team	Kyle Konwea transferred from Assyriska FF to Siah Jamegan of the Persian Gulf Pro League on 11 December 2015.	Kyle Konwea	Assyriska FF
member of sports team	Steve Diamond holds Fulham RLFC/London Crusaders/London Broncos/Harlequins RL's career goalscoring record; with 309-goals scored between 1981--84, and is one of less than twenty-five Welshmen to have scored more than 1000-points in their rugby league career.	Steve Diamond	London Broncos
member of sports team	Larne Patrick (born 3 November 1988) is a professional rugby league footballer currently playing Huddersfield Giants in the European Super League.	Larne Patrick	Huddersfield Giants
member of sports team	Shunsuke Tachino (舘野俊祐, born 19 May 1993 in Toyama, Japan is a Japanese football player who since 2015 has played defense for Tokyo Verdy.	Shunsuke Tachino	Tokyo Verdy
member of sports team	Haris Redžepi (born 20 July 1988) is a Bosnian footballer playing as a forward for FK Olimpic Sarajevo in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Haris Redžepi	FK Olimpic
member of sports team	Antony Domingo Silva Cano (born 27 February 1984), commonly known as Antony Silva or mistakenly as Anthony Silva, is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Primera División Paraguaya club Cerro Porteño.	Antony Silva	Cerro Porteño
member of sports team	Ivan Šijan (Zagreb, June 2, 1990) is a professional Croatian ice-hockey player who currently plays for KHL Medveščak of the Erste Bank Icehockey League (EBEL).	Ivan Šijan	KHL Medveščak
member of sports team	Martin Brochu (born March 10, 1973) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played briefly in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals, Vancouver Canucks, and Pittsburgh Penguins.	Martin Brochu	Washington Capitals	Vancouver Canucks	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Bruno Cristiano Conceição Carvalho Santos (born 17 January 1984 in Fajões, Oliveira de Azeméis), known as Cris, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a midfielder.	Bruno Cristiano Conceição Carvalho Santos	C.D. Feirense
member of sports team	Eduardo José Borges Machado (born 26 April 1990 in Chaves), commonly known as Edu, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Tondela as a right back or a right midfielder.	Eduardo José Borges Machado	C.D. Tondela
member of sports team	Pahl Davis (March 26, 1897 -- April 13, 1946) was a player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers in 1922.	Pahl Davis	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Oleksandr Akymenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Олександрович Акименко; born 5 September 1985 in Antratsyt, Voroshylovohrad Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad in the Ukrainian First League.	Oleksandr Akymenko	FC Zirka Kirovohrad
member of sports team	Mammet Orazmuhammedow (born December 20, 1986) is a Turkmen footballer (goalkeeper) of FC Altyn Asyr.	Mammet Orazmuhammedow	FC Altyn Asyr
member of sports team	Bernardo Harris became a free agent and was signed by the Green Bay Packers in 1995, playing in eleven games his rookie season.	Bernardo Harris	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	John Jett (born November 11, 1968) is a former American football punter in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the Detroit Lions.	John Jett	Dallas Cowboys	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Abraham Stringel Vallejo (born May 3, 1988) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Cimarrones de Sonora on loan from Tigres UANL.	Abraham Stringel	Cimarrones de Sonora
member of sports team	In June 2007 Derlei left Benfica for Lisbon rivals Sporting Clube de Portugal, signing a contract until 2009 after being freed from his two-year contract with Dynamo Moscow -- he was, therefore, one of the few players to have represented the Big Three of Portugal.	Derlei	Sporting Clube de Portugal
member of sports team	Alexander Pallestrang (born April 4, 1990) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player for EC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Alexander Pallestrang	EC Red Bull Salzburg
member of sports team	Mike Radja (born March 7, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League.	Mike Radja	Houston Aeros
member of sports team	Oier Olazábal Paredes (born 14 September 1989), known simply as Oier, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Sociedad on loan from Granada CF as a goalkeeper.	Oier Olazábal	Granada CF
member of sports team	Zygfryd Blaut (March 2, 1943 in Gogolin -- April 20, 2005) was a Polish football player who won two titles with Legia Warsaw.	Zygfryd Blaut	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Jyri Junnila (born April 7, 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey Right Wing who is currently playing for KalPa in the Finnish Liiga.	Jyri Junnila	KalPa
member of sports team	Conor Sheary (born June 8, 1992) is an American professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Conor Sheary	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Dylan Roberton (born 21 June 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Dylan Roberton	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Shane Tronc (born 19 January 1982 in Brisbane, Queensland) was an Australian professional rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the National Rugby League he was previously playing with the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in the European Super League and the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League competition.	Shane Tronc	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Dawid Kucharski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈda.vʲit ku.ˈxar.skʲi); born November 19, 1984 in Kostrzyn nad Odrą) is a Polish professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Okocimski KS Brzesko.	Dawid Kucharski	Okocimski KS Brzesko
member of sports team	Michał Pazdan (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmixaw ˈpazdan), born September 21, 1987 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer who plays as a centerback and defensive midfielder for Polish Ekstraklasa side Legia Warsaw.	Michał Pazdan	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Michał Chałbiński (born 16 October 1976 in Jastrzębie Zdrój) is a Polish footballer who last played as a forward for Piast Gliwice.	Michał Chałbiński	Piast Gliwice
member of sports team	Dimitris Melikiotis (Greek: Δημήτρης Μελικιώτης; born 10 July 1996 in Veria), is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria F.C. in the Superleague Greece, as a Winger and Forward.	Dimitris Melikiotis	Veria F.C.
member of sports team	Sanni Sari Abacha (26 October 1978 -- 3 October 2013) was a Nigerian football defender who played for Kwara United F.C..	Sari Abacha	Kwara United F.C.
member of sports team	Liam Bretherton (born 20 June 1979) is a former rugby league footballer who played at representative level for Ireland in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup and at club level for Wigan, Leigh, Warrington, Blackpool and Workington Town.	Liam Bretherton	Workington Town
member of sports team	Aleksei Sergeyevich Glushkov (Russian: Алексей Серге́евич Глушков; born May 29, 1985) is a Russian football midfielder who last played for FC Spartak Yoshkar-Ola.	Aleksei Sergeyevich Glushkov	FC Spartak Yoshkar-Ola
member of sports team	Carlo Mamo and Marsaxlokk F.C. reached the heights of Maltese football during the 2006-07 season, as Mamo captained his team to the title for the first time in the clubs history.	Carlo Mamo	Marsaxlokk F.C.
member of sports team	Udo Schmuck (born October 29, 1952) is a German former footballer who played for Dynamo Dresden and won seven caps for East Germany.	Udo Schmuck	Dynamo Dresden
member of sports team	Ramez Dayoub (Arabic:رامز ديوب) born 9 August 1984 in Beirut) is a Lebanese footballer who last played for Selangor FA in the Malaysia Super League.	Ramez Dayoub	Selangor FA
member of sports team	Albert Sukop (24 November 1912 -- 9 May 1993) was a German footballer who played for Eintracht Braunschweig.	Albert Sukop	Eintracht Braunschweig
member of sports team	Arnaud Monney (born 18 September 1981) is an Ivorian football player who currently plays for CS Sedan Ardennes in France as defender.	Arnaud Monney	CS Sedan Ardennes
member of sports team	Perry Kollie (born 3 December 1982) is a Liberian international footballer who plays as a striker for 2nd Division I-League side Royal Wahingdoh F.C..	Perry Kollie	Royal Wahingdoh F.C.
member of sports team	Milivoj Bračun (born 22 April 1958) is a Croatian football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Slovenian First League side FC Koper.	Milivoj Bračun	FC Koper
member of sports team	Craig Peacock (born 8 August 1988) is an English professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Belfast Giants in the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Craig Peacock	Belfast Giants
member of sports team	Håvard Tvedten (born 29 June 1978) is a Norwegian handball player, currently playing for the Danish club Aalborg Håndbold.	Håvard Tvedten	Aalborg Håndbold
member of sports team	Mark Gorman (Hebrew: מרק גורמן‎; born 9 February 1989 in Alma-Ata) is a Kazakhstani-Israeli professional association football player currently contracted to FC Kairat.	Mark Gorman	FC Kairat
member of sports team	Dwight King (born July 5, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Dwight King	Los Angeles Kings
member of sports team	Alper Balaban (August 1, 1987, Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg -- April 12, 2010) was a Turkish-German footballer who started his career with Fenerbahçe.	Alper Balaban	Fenerbahçe
member of sports team	Indra Gunawan (born October 12, 1982) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League.	Indra Gunawan	PSAP Sigli
member of sports team	Onur Tuncer (born February 19, 1984 in Kocaeli, Turkey) is a Turkish football player currently playing for Antalyaspor.	Onur Tuncer	Antalyaspor
member of sports team	Fernando Arroyo (born March 21, 1952) was a Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, Minnesota Twins, and Oakland Athletics.	Fernando Arroyo	Detroit Tigers	Minnesota Twins	Oakland Athletics
member of sports team	Laurence Ekperigin (born February 21, 1988) is a British-American professional basketball player who currently plays for Poitiers Basket 86 of the LNB Pro B.	Laurence Ekperigin	Poitiers Basket 86
member of sports team	Lewis Billups (October 10, 1963 in Tampa, Florida -- April 10, 1994 in Orlando, Florida) was an American football cornerback who played seven seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals and Green Bay Packers in the National Football League, recording 9 interceptions and 8 fumble recoveries.	Lewis Billups	Cincinnati Bengals	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Danny Wintjens (born 30 September 1983 in Maastricht) is a Dutch football goalkeeper who currently plays for VVV-Venlo in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Danny Wintjens	VVV-Venlo
member of sports team	Jon Kilgore is a former professional American football player who played punter for five seasons for the Los Angeles Rams, Chicago Bears, and San Francisco 49ers.	Jon Kilgore	Los Angeles Rams	Chicago Bears	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Gellért Ivancsics (born February 23, 1987 in Sopron) is a Hungarian football player currently playing for Budapest Honvéd FC.	Gellért Ivancsics	Budapest Honvéd FC
member of sports team	Born in Montrose, West Virginia, Del Gainer played for the Detroit Tigers from 1909 to 1914.	Del Gainer	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Kouadio Georges Ehui (born 2 February 1994) is an Ivorian-born English footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Northwood, having previously played for Wycombe Wanderers in Football League Two.	Georges Ehui	Wycombe Wanderers
member of sports team	Ryan Kankowski (born 14 October 1985) is a South African rugby union player, who plays for the Natal Sharks provincially and The Sharks in Super Rugby and has been capped by the Springboks at international level.	Ryan Kankowski	Natal Sharks	Sharks
member of sports team	Patrick Wiencek (born 22 March 1989) is a German handballer who plays as a pivot for THW Kiel and the Germany national team.	Patrick Wiencek	THW Kiel
member of sports team	Yasser Basuhai (Arabic: ياسر باصهي) (born 27 March 1979) is a Yemeni football Forward who is currently playing for Al-Hilal Al-Sahili	Yasser Basuhai	Al-Hilal Al-Sahili
member of sports team	Fernando Gaston Soler (born February 24, 1978 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football striker who currently is the coach assistant for Pusamania Borneo F.C..	Fernando Gaston Soler	Pusamania Borneo F.C.
member of sports team	Mircea Sasu, (5 October 1939 -- 17 October 1983), was a Romanian football striker, who played for Minerul Baia Mare, UT Arad, Dinamo Bucharest, Farul Constanţa in Romania and Fenerbahçe SK in Turkey.	Mircea Sasu	Fenerbahçe
member of sports team	Kristjan Kangur (born 23 October 1982) is an Estonian professional basketball player who last played for Pallacanestro Varese of the Lega Basket Serie A. He is 2.02 m (6 ft 7½ in) tall, 100 kg (220 lbs.), and he can play at both the small forward and power forward positions.	Kristjan Kangur	Pallacanestro Varese
member of sports team	István Sofron (born February 24, 1988 Miercurea Ciuc) is a Hungarian international ice hockey player who plays for Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	István Sofron	Krefeld Pinguine
member of sports team	Eugen Gopko (born 5 January 1991 in Kolchyno, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian-German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wormatia Worms.	Eugen Gopko	Wormatia Worms
member of sports team	Ferenc Babati (born 6 June 1972 in Zalaegerszeg) is a retired Hungarian football (midfielder) player who has spent most of his career playing for Zalaegerszegi TE.	Ferenc Babati	Zalaegerszegi TE
member of sports team	Gabriel Velasco Gutiérrez (born February 1, 1986) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Deportivo Tepic F.C. on loan from Deportivo Toluca F.C.	Gabriel Velasco	Deportivo Toluca F.C.
member of sports team	Trond Strande (born 24 November 1970) is a retired Norwegian footballer who spent his entire career playing for Molde FK and was a regular on Molde's team from 1991 to 2007.	Trond Strande	Molde FK
member of sports team	Ivan Jolić (born 18 May 1980 in Livno, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian Croatian football striker, currently playing for NK Zadar in Croatia.	Ivan Jolić	NK Zadar
member of sports team	Besar Musolli (born 28 February 1989 in Podujevë) is a Kosovar Albanian footballer currently playing for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Besar Musolli	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	A left back, Jean-Alain Fanchone won the Coupe Gambardella with RC Strasbourg in 2006, defeating in final Karim Benzema's Olympique Lyonnais.	Jean-Alain Fanchone	RC Strasbourg
member of sports team	Stepan Hirskyi (Ukrainian: Степан Богданович Гірський; born 8 January 1991 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club GKS Tychy in the II liga (Poland).	Stepan Hirskyi	GKS Tychy
member of sports team	Mark Reber (born 14 January 1969) is a retired rugby league footballer who played for North Sydney Bears in the ARL and NRL, and Wigan Warriors in the European Super League.	Mark Reber	Wigan Warriors
member of sports team	Peter Leško (born 23 September 1991) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for club 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Peter Leško	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Artem Sukhotskyi (Ukrainian: Артем Михайлович Сухоцький; born 6 December 1992 in Nizhyn, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine), is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Artem Sukhotskyi	FC Zorya Luhansk
member of sports team	Artūras Jomantas (born May 4, 1985) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for BC Šiauliai of the Lithuanian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League.	Artūras Jomantas	BC Šiauliai
member of sports team	Martin Nagy (born 5 September 1990) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club MFK Ružomberok.	Martin Nagy	MFK Ružomberok
member of sports team	Zvonimir Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Звoнимиp Cтaнкoвић, born 22 November 1983, in Leskovac) is a Serbian footballer playing for FK Bregalnica Štip in the Macedonian First Football League as a defender.	Zvonimir Stanković	FK Bregalnica Štip
member of sports team	Bruno Petković (born 16 September 1994) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie B side Virtus Entella on loan from Calcio Catania.	Bruno Petković	Virtus Entella
member of sports team	Stuart McInally (born 9 August 1990) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Stuart McInally	Edinburgh Rugby
member of sports team	Heriberto Rojas Herrera (born 1942 or 1943) is a former Costa Rican footballer who played his entire career for Deportivo Saprissa, during the 1960s and 1970s.	Heriberto Rojas	Deportivo Saprissa
member of sports team	Michel Renggli (born 19 March 1980) is a retired Swiss footballer who last played as midfielder for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League.	Michel Renggli	FC Luzern
member of sports team	Quentin Jakoba (born December 19, 1987 in Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who played on the professional level for Eerste Divisie league club FC Eindhoven during the 2008-2009 season.	Quentin Jakoba	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	Justin Meram (Arabic: جستن حكمت عزيز ميرام) (born December 4, 1988) is a footballer who currently plays for the Columbus Crew SC in Major League Soccer and the Iraq national team.	Justin Meram	Columbus Crew SC
member of sports team	In May 1998, at the age of 20, Tininho left Brazil and Associação Portuguesa de Desportos to sign with Feyenoord in the Netherlands.	Tininho	Associação Portuguesa de Desportos	Feyenoord
member of sports team	In recognition of his stellar 1989 play for the San Francisco Giants, hitting over .300 coming off the bench, a group of Giants fans gathered to celebrate Ken Oberkfell Day on August 17, 2014.	Ken Oberkfell	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	Kelly Malveaux (born November 5, 1976 in Bellflower, California) is a Canadian Football League halfback who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Kelly Malveaux	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Daly Cherry-Evans (born 20 February 1989 in Redcliffe, Queensland) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles of the National Rugby League.	Daly Cherry-Evans	Manly Warringah Sea Eagles
member of sports team	Nicholas Killas (born 8 February 1991) is a South African association football defender who plays for AEK Kouklia F.C. in the Cypriot First Division.	Nicholas Killas	AEK Kouklia F.C.
member of sports team	Vladimir Quesada Araya (born 12 May 1966) is a former Costa Rican football player who played his entire career with Deportivo Saprissa, during the 1980s and 1990s.	Vladimir Quesada	Deportivo Saprissa
member of sports team	Mykhaylo Kopolovets (born 29 January 1984 in Uzhhorod, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Einheit Rudolstadt.	Mykhaylo Kopolovets	Einheit Rudolstadt
member of sports team	Jaylen Watkins (born November 27, 1992) is an American football cornerback who is currently on the Philadelphia Eagles in the National Football League (NFL).	Jaylen Watkins	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Born in Alpicat, Lleida, Catalonia, Jofre was a product of FC Barcelona's prolific youth system.	Jofre	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Eric Viscaal (born March 20, 1968 in Eindhoven, North Brabant) is a former football player from the Netherlands, who played much of his career in Belgium (Beveren, KAA Gent, KV Mechelen).	Eric Viscaal	KV Mechelen
member of sports team	Alfred Preissler (9 April 1921 -- 15 July 2003) was a German footballer and manager who played as a forward for Borussia Dortmund.	Alfred Preissler	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Edmilson Junior, commonly known as Edmilson (born 19 August 1994 in Brussels) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a winger for Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège.	Edmilson Junior	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Riku Riski (born 16 August 1989 in Masku) is a Finnish footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership club Dundee United on loan from Norwegian Tippeligaen club Rosenborg BK.	Riku Riski	Rosenborg BK
member of sports team	Mickaël Cériélo (born 1 September 1984) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Championnat National side AS Cannes.	Mickaël Cériélo	AS Cannes
member of sports team	Ray Mariuz (born December 25, 1980) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker He was drafted 28th overall by the Toronto Argonauts in the 2003 CFL Draft and won a Grey Cup championship in 2004.	Ray Mariuz	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Ali Ibrahim Kébé Baye (born December 24, 1978), commonly known as Ibra Kébé, is a Senegalese footballer who last played for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.	Ibra Kébé	FC Anzhi Makhachkala
member of sports team	Damien Menzo (born October 18, 1993 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club after he was released by FC Volendam.	Damien Menzo	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Julio Bernad Valmaseda (17 October 1928 -- 9 July 2014) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a defender for Huesca and Real Zaragoza.	Julio Bernad	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Jimmy Kilpatrick (born January 27, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey player who last played with the HC Neumarkt-Egna of the Serie A2.	Jimmy Kilpatrick	HC Neumarkt-Egna
member of sports team	Alfred Sankoh (born 22 October 1988) is a Sierra Leonean footballer currently playing for Balıkesirspor from Turkey.	Alfred Sankoh	Balıkesirspor
member of sports team	Stathis Karamalikis (Greek: Στάθης Καραμαλίκης; born 4 December 1981 in Zakynthos, Greece) is a professional football striker currently playing for Zakynthos F.C. based in Zakynthos, Greece and currently playing at Football League ( 2nd level in Greek's football pyramid ).	Stathis Karamalikis	Zakynthos F.C.
member of sports team	Paweł Kaczorowski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈpa.vɛw ka.t͡ʂɔ.ˈrɔf.skʲi); born 22 March 1974 in Zduńska Wola) is a Polish footballer who has previously played for the Polish Ekstraklasa clubs Lech Poznań, Legia Warsaw, Wisła Kraków, and Śląsk Wrocław.	Paweł Kaczorowski	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Daniele Portanova (born 17 December 1978) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a defender for Robur Siena of Lega Pro.	Daniele Portanova	Robur Siena
member of sports team	Manuel Rafael Mota Geronimo, more commonly known as Manny Mota (born February 18, 1938), is a Dominican former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the San Francisco Giants, Pittsburgh Pirates and Montreal Expos, as well as being a pinch hitting specialist with the Los Angeles Dodgers.	Manny Mota	San Francisco Giants	Pittsburgh Pirates	Montreal Expos
member of sports team	Kwak Hae-seong (Hangul: 곽해성; born 6 December 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as full back for Seongnam FC in K League Classic.	Kwak Hae-seong	Seongnam FC
member of sports team	Eddy Pieters Graafland OON (born 5 January 1934 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a former Dutch football (soccer) goalkeeper, who played for Feyenoord and Ajax Amsterdam and was part of Feyenoord's European Cup victory in 1970.	Eddy Pieters Graafland	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Mario Lösch (born September 13, 1989) is an Austrian professional association football player, currently playing for Austrian Football Bundesliga side SV Mattersburg.	Mario Lösch	SV Mattersburg
member of sports team	Damien Bridonneau (born April 19, 1975 in Niort, Deux-Sèvres) is a professional footballer currently playing for Ligue 2 club Vannes OC.	Damien Bridonneau	Vannes OC
member of sports team	Tom Køhlert (born April 30, 1947) is a Danish former football player at, and former manager of, Brøndby IF in the Danish Superliga.	Tom Køhlert	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Neylor Lopes Gonçalves or simply Neylor (born April 2, 1987 in Colorado-PR), is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for Boa Esporte Clube.	Neylor Lopes Gonçalves	Boa Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Nick Boucher (born December 29, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Fort Wayne Komets of the ECHL.	Nick Boucher	Fort Wayne Komets
member of sports team	Timothée Atouba (born 17 February 1982 in Douala) is a Cameroonian football player, who is currently a free agent after being released by UD Las Palmas in 2014.	Timothée Atouba	UD Las Palmas
member of sports team	Mallory Deluce (born April 13, 1989) is an ice hockey forward for the Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey program.	Mallory Deluce	Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey
member of sports team	Jérôme Thion (born 2 December 1977 in Senlis, Oise) is a French rugby union footballer who currently plays for Biarritz Olympique in the Top 14 club competition in France.	Jérôme Thion	Biarritz Olympique
member of sports team	Hu Rentian was promoted to the senior team of Tianjin Teda F.C. during the 2009 league season and would eventually make his debut on August 30, 2009 in a league game against Jiangsu Sainty where he would also score his first senior goal in a 1-0 victory.	Hu Rentian	Tianjin Teda F.C.
member of sports team	Olaf Berner is member of THW Kiel since the early 1960s.	Olaf Berner	THW Kiel
member of sports team	Ulrik Balling (born 11 June 1975) is a retired Danish professional football player who is currently assistant coach for FC Vestsjælland.	Ulrik Balling	FC Vestsjælland
member of sports team	James McCluskey (born February 10, 1988) is an American football fullback playing for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League.	James McCluskey	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Furkan Özçal (born 3 September 1990) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for the Turkish club Kayserispor on loan from Galatasaray.	Furkan Özçal	Kayserispor
member of sports team	Molly Kreklow (born February 17, 1992) is an American indoor volleyball player who plays for Eczacıbaşı VitrA.	Molly Kreklow	Eczacıbaşı VitrA
member of sports team	Ben Farrar (born 2 December 1986) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays for the London Broncos in the Kingstone Press Championship.	Ben Farrar	London Broncos
member of sports team	Luke DeVere (born 5 November 1989) is an Australian footballer who plays for A-League side Brisbane Roar FC and the Australian national team.	Luke DeVere	Brisbane Roar FC
member of sports team	Rooi Mahamutsa (born 26 October 1981 in Standerton, Mpumalanga) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates and South Africa.	Rooi Mahamutsa	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Sergey Viktorovich Ryzhikov (Russian: Сергей Викторович Рыжиков; born 19 September 1980 in Shebekino) is an association footballer, currently playing for FC Rubin Kazan.	Sergey Viktorovich Ryzhikov	Rubin Kazan
member of sports team	Ron Durham (11 June 1921 -- 25 June 1961) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL in between 1943 and 1944 and then from 1946 to 1948 for the Richmond Football Club.	Ron Durham	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Joe Hirst (born 21 April 1987 in Wakefield) is a rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Halifax, Wakefield Trinity (reserve grade), Featherstone Rovers, and Sheffield Eagles, as a Second-row, or Loose forward/Lock.	Joe Hirst	Featherstone Rovers	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Zhu Fangyu (Chinese: 朱芳雨; pinyin: Zhū Fāngyǔ) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for Guangdong Southern Tigers in the Chinese Basketball Association.	Zhu Fangyu	Guangdong Southern Tigers
member of sports team	Nenad Bilbija (born 6 February 1984 ) is a professional handball player, currently playing for GWD Minden.	Nenad Bilbija	GWD Minden
member of sports team	Monika Conjar (born 21 April 1995) is a Croatian women's football forward currently playing for ŽNK Pomurje in the Slovenian Women's League.	Monika Conjar	ŽNK Pomurje
member of sports team	Diego Hernández Basulto (born February 12, 1993) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a winger for Atlético San Luis on loan from C.D. Guadalajara.	Diego Hernández Basulto	Atlético San Luis
member of sports team	Marcus Kink (born January 13, 1985) is a German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing as Captain for Adler Mannheim in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Marcus Kink	Adler Mannheim
member of sports team	Florian Dinhopel (born 13 January 1987) is an Austrian ice hockey player currently playing for Graz 99ers of the Austrian Hockey League.	Florian Dinhopel	Graz 99ers
member of sports team	Kirby Fabien (born September 10, 1990 in Calgary, Alberta) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Kirby Fabien	BC Lions
member of sports team	Greg Koch (born June 14, 1955 in Bethesda, Maryland) is a former American football tackle and guard who played eleven seasons in the National Football League, mainly with the Green Bay Packers.	Greg Koch	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Chiró Vuza N'Toko Mena (born 30 January 1988), known as Chiró N'Toko, is a footballer who plays as a centre back for FC Eindhoven.	Chiró N'Toko	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	Mohd Reithaudin Awang Emran (born 5 August 1978 in Lahad Datu) is a Malaysian professional football player from state of Sabah, last played at Sabah FA before retiring.	Mohd Reithaudin Awang Emran	Sabah FA
member of sports team	Bryan Jurewicz is a former professional National Football League player who was briefly a member of both the Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts.	Bryan Jurewicz	Carolina Panthers	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Niall McCabe (born October 6, 1990) is an Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Louisville City FC in the USL.	Niall McCabe	Louisville City FC
member of sports team	L. J. Peak (born February 2, 1996) is an American basketball player who plays for the Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball where he is playing his sophomore season for the 2015--16 team.	L. J. Peak	Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball
member of sports team	Chet Miksza (November 28, 1930 -- October 29, 1975) was a centre for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League from 1952-1968.	Chet Miksza	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Garry Moss (born 5 July 1988) is an Australian rules footballer formerly with the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Garry Moss	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Jarrod Polson (born May 8, 1991) is a former college basketball player for the University of Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team.	Jarrod Polson	Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball
member of sports team	Boubacar Coly (born July 11, 1983) is a Senegalese professional basketball player who last played for Al Ansar of the Saudi Premier League.	Boubacar Coly	Al Ansar
member of sports team	Laslo Seleš (Hungarian: László Széles, Serbian Cyrillic: Лacлo Ceлeш ; born 23 June 1943 in Zrenjanin) is a retired Yugoslavian football player who played with FK Proleter Zrenjanin and FK Željezničar Sarajevo in the Yugoslav First League and Sochaux in France.	Laslo Seleš	FK Proleter Zrenjanin
member of sports team	Denis Maccan (born May 5, 1984 in Pordenone) is an Italian forward, currently on the books of Brescia Calcio.	Denis Maccan	Brescia Calcio
member of sports team	Ramon Leeuwin (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈraː.mɔn ˈleːw.in)) (born 1 September 1987) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Ramon Leeuwin	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	After a brief spell back in his country with América Futebol Clube (MG), Tininho returned to the Netherlands, where he would remain for the following five seasons always in the top flight, with RBC Roosendaal, NEC Nijmegen and ADO Den Haag.	Tininho	América Futebol Clube	RBC Roosendaal	ADO Den Haag
member of sports team	Alexander Tatarinov (born 14 April 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexander Tatarinov	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
member of sports team	Ismar Hairlahović (born 4 March 1996) is a Bosnian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for NK Dugopolje in the Druga HNL on loan from HNK Hajduk Split.	Ismar Hairlahović	NK Dugopolje
mouth of the watercourse	The Tescou, (French: Le Tescou) is a tributary of the Tarn in the basin of the Garonne in Southern France.	Tescou	Tarn
mouth of the watercourse	The Cestos River, also known as Nuon or Nipoué river, is a Liberian river that rises in the Nimba Range of Guinea and flows south along the Côte d'Ivoire border, then southwest through tracks of Liberian rain forest to empty into a bay on the Atlantic Ocean where the city River Cess is located.	Cestos River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Putumayo River (Spanish: Río Putumayo, Portuguese: Río Içá) is one of the tributaries of the Amazon River, west of and parallel to the Japurá River.	Putumayo River	Amazon
mouth of the watercourse	Quinny Brook is a tributary stream of the River Onny which flows through the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in England.	Quinny Brook	River Onny
mouth of the watercourse	Before emptying into Bathurst Inlet on the Arctic Ocean, the Mara River (Nunavut) empties into the Burnside River.	Burnside River	Bathurst Inlet
mouth of the watercourse	Bityug River (Russian: Битюг) is a river in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, a left tributary of the Don.	Bityug River	Don
mouth of the watercourse	The Chari River flows from the Central African Republic through Chad into Lake Chad, following the Cameroon border from N'Djamena, where it is joined by its western and principal tributary, the Logone River.	Chari River	Lake Chad
mouth of the watercourse	The Laute is a right tributary of the Innerste river in Lower Saxony.	Laute	Innerste
mouth of the watercourse	The Obernberger Seebach, formerly called Obernberger Ache, is a river in Austria originating south-west of Brenner and taking a north-east route to the Sill River.	Obernberger Seebach	Sill
mouth of the watercourse	The Elde flows into the Löcknitz (itself a tributary of the Elbe) in Eldenburg, part of Lenzen (Elbe).	Elde	Elbe
named after	In the 1980s, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory physicist Klaus Halbach independently invented the Halbach array to focus particle accelerator beams.	Halbach array	Klaus Halbach
named after	In mathematics, a Godeaux surface is one of the surfaces of general type introduced by Lucien Godeaux.	Godeaux surface	Lucien Godeaux
named after	Rutherfordium is a chemical element with symbol Rf and atomic number 104, named in honor of physicist Ernest Rutherford.	Rutherfordium	Ernest Rutherford
named after	Norr Mälarstrand (Swedish for ``Northern Shore of Mälaren'') is a street on Kungsholmen in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Norr Mälarstrand	Mälaren
named after	Robert Island or Mitchells Island or Polotsk Island or Roberts Island is an island 11 miles (18 km) long and 8 miles (13 km) wide, situated between Nelson Island (South Shetland Islands) and Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands.	Robert Island	Polotsk
named after	Moon type was developed by Dr. William Moon (1818--1894), a blind Englishman living in Brighton, East Sussex.	Moon type	William Moon
named after	The Bence Jones protein was described by the English physician Henry Bence Jones in 1847 and published in 1848.	Bence Jones protein	Henry Bence Jones
named after	The Yerevan Metro (Armenian: Երեւանի մետրոպոլիտեն, Yerevani metropoliten; since December 1999, Կարեն Դեմիրճյանի անվան Երեւանի մետրոպոլիտեն (Karen Demirchyani anvan Yerevani metropoliten), the Karen Demirchyan Yerevan Metro) is a rapid transit system that serves the capital of Armenia, Yerevan.	Yerevan Metro	Karen Demirchyan
named after	In 1964, the city was renamed Tolyatti (after Palmiro Togliatti, the longest-serving secretary of the Italian Communist Party).	Tolyatti	Palmiro Togliatti
named after	Anvers Island or Antwerp Island or Antwerpen Island or Isla Amberes is a high, mountainous island 61 km (38 miles) long, the largest in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Anvers Island	Antwerp
narrative location	Badge 373 was shot on location on the streets of New York City.	Badge 373	New York City
narrative location	Long Arm of the Law Part 3 is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau, Elizabeth Lee, Max Mok and Elvis Tsui.	Long Arm of the Law Part 3	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Bullion Boys is a film based on the true story of how Britain's gold reserve was secretly transferred to Liverpool at the start of the Second World War.	The Bullion Boys	Liverpool
narrative location	Set partially in New York City and partially in the Shanghai Ghetto, the book follows Lydia Chin as she tries to recover a fictional stolen jewel also called The Shanghai Moon.	The Shanghai Moon	New York City
narrative location	In Death on Credit, Ferdinand, Céline's alter ego, is a doctor in Paris, treating the poor who seldom pay him but take every advantage of his availability.	Death on Credit	Paris
narrative location	It portrays would-be rubber baron Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald, an Irishman known in Peru as Fitzcarraldo, who is determined to transport a steamship over a steep hill in order to access a rich rubber territory in the Amazon Basin.	Fitzcarraldo	Peru
narrative location	Sixty Million Dollar Man (Chinese: 百變星君) is a 1995 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by Raymond Yip and starring Stephen Chow, Ng Man Tat, and Gigi Leung.	Sixty Million Dollar Man	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Andros Targets is a 1977 United States newspaper drama television series starring James Sutorius which centers around a crusading newspaper reporter who uncovers corruption in New York City.	The Andros Targets	New York City
narrative location	Select theaters also held a one-time special marathon of all Die Hard films to lead up to A Good Day to Die Hard's nationwide release, with Bruce Willis making a personal appearance at one of these marathons in New York City to thank fans.	A Good Day to Die Hard	New York City
narrative location	Interiors for Seven Days in May were shot at the Paramount studios in Hollywood, and on location in Paris, France, Washington, D.C., San Diego, Arizona and in California's Imperial Valley.	Seven Days in May	Washington, D.C.
narrative location	Set in the Ten Thousand Islands, off the southwest coast of Florida, it is the story of the Bigtree family of alligator wrestlers who live on Swamplandia!, an alligator-wrestling theme park.	Swamplandia!	Florida
narrative location	The Grudge 2 premiered at Knott's Berry Farm in Buena Park, California on October 8, 2006.	The Grudge 2	California
narrative location	The L-Shaped Room is a 1962 British drama film, directed by Bryan Forbes, which tells the story of a young French woman, unmarried and pregnant, who moves into a London boarding house, befriending a young man in the building.	The L-Shaped Room	London
narrative location	Babycakes (1984) is the fourth book in the Tales of the City series by American novelist Armistead Maupin, originally serialized in the San Francisco Chronicle.	Babycakes	San Francisco
narrative location	40 Days and 40 Nights was filmed on location at Potrero Hill, San Francisco, California.	40 Days and 40 Nights	California
narrative location	90 Bristol Court is the umbrella title of a short-lived NBC experiment comprising three situation comedies set in a Southern California apartment complex located at the title address.	90 Bristol Court	California
narrative location	What Was Lost was rejected by 20 agents and publishers before being accepted for publication by Tindal Street Press, a small Birmingham publisher.	What Was Lost	Birmingham
narrative location	Eyyvah Eyvah is a 2010 Turkish comedy film, directed by Hakan Algül, which stars Ata Demirer as a young clarinet player who travels to Istanbul in search of his estranged father.	Eyyvah Eyvah	Istanbul
narrative location	Set around trials at the Old Bailey in Georgian London against a backdrop of corruption and social injustice, Garrow's Law is a legal drama inspired by the life of pioneering barrister William Garrow.	Garrow's Law	London
narrative location	Chainsaw Gang debuted on November 10, 2012 as part of an initial 10 show series The series is principally filmed at Poitras' business, Deadwood Tree Sculptures in Malibu, California and other locations where the crew may be carving as demonstrations.	Chainsaw Gang	California
narrative location	The Beauty of Men is a 1996 novel by Andrew Holleran, about Lark, a 47-year-old single gay man, who has moved to Florida to help care for his mother who became paralyzed after a fall.	The Beauty of Men	Florida
narrative location	The Onion Field is a 1973 nonfiction book by Joseph Wambaugh, a sergeant for the Los Angeles Police Department, chronicling the kidnapping of two plainclothes LAPD officers by a pair of criminals during an evening traffic stop and the subsequent murder of Officer Ian James Campbell.	The Onion Field	Los Angeles
narrative location	This unofficial sequel explores the worlds of both video piracy and self-publishing, as the director creates a bootleg or pirated DVD of Staten Island Catapult and hires an actress to sell it on the streets of New York City.	Staten Island Catapult	New York City
narrative location	GoldenEye was the first Bond film made after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, which provided a background for the plot.	GoldenEye	Soviet Union
narrative location	The Rat Catchers is an organisation based at Whitehall in Central London but officially didn't exist, being denied at the highest level as they worked with the greatest secrecy.	The Rat Catchers	London
native language	Wolfgang Ullmann (18 August 1929 -- 30 July 2004) was a German journalist, theologian, politician.	Wolfgang Ullmann	German
native language	Emmanuel Liais (15 February 1826--5 March 1900) was a French astronomer, botanist and explorer who spent many years in Brazil.	Emmanuel Liais	French
native language	Kim Jong-hae (born July 23, 1941) is a Korean author, ex-sailor, and publisher.	Kim Jong-hae	Korean
native language	Fan Hui (Chinese: 樊麾; pinyin: Fán Huī; born 27 December 1981) is a Chinese-born French Go player.	Fan Hui	Chinese
native language	Helle Juul (born 1954) is a Danish architect.	Helle Juul	Danish
native language	Pierre-Jean-Baptiste Chaussard (29 January 1766, Paris -- 30 September 1823), known as Publicola Chaussard, was a French writer, art critic, poet, revolutionary, politician and follower of Theophilanthropy.	Pierre-Jean-Baptiste Chaussard	French
native language	Marc Caussidière (18 May 1808 -- 27 January 1861) was a significant personality of the French republican movement of the first half of the nineteenth century.	Marc Caussidière	French
native language	Clemens Binninger (born 24 April 1962 in Bonndorf, Baden-Württemberg) is a German politician and member of the CDU (conservative party).	Clemens Binninger	German
native language	Charles Malo François Lameth (5 October 1757 -- 28 December 1832) was a French politician and soldier.	Charles Malo François Lameth	French
native language	Christophe Bourseiller (French pronunciation: ​(buʁsɛje); original name: Christophe Gintzburger-Kinsbourg; born 27 September 1957 in Paris) is a French actor, writer, freemason and journalist.	Christophe Bourseiller	French
occupation	Frankie Sparo was the pseudonym of Chad Jones, a singer/songwriter from Victoria, British Columbia who released two albums and an EP on Constellation Records.	Frankie Sparo	singer
occupation	Ilya Spiegel (Russian: Илья Шпигель; born August 24, 1975, Leningrad, USSR) is a Finnish politician, the founder and leader of the New Europeans movement in Finland.	Ilya Spiegel	politician
occupation	James Ronald Chalmers (January 11, 1831 - April 9, 1898) was an American politician	James Ronald Chalmers	politician
occupation	Buck Simmonds is an American actor/guitarist.	Buck Simmonds	actor
occupation	Michelle McAdorey (born in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian singer-songwriter.	Michelle McAdorey	singer
occupation	Ali Pourtash is an actor and comedian of Iranian cinema.	Ali Pourtash	actor
occupation	Gaius the Platonist (2nd century) was a Greek or Roman philosopher, and a representative of Middle Platonism.	Gaius the Platonist	philosopher
occupation	Hira Devi Waiba (Nepali: हिरा देवी वाइबा) was a Nepali folk singer from Darjeeling, India.	Hira Devi Waiba	singer
occupation	John T. Brown (March 14, 1876 -- January 18, 1951) was an American politician who served as the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1929 to 1931 serving under Governor Myers Y. Cooper.	John T. Brown	politician
occupation	Joseph H. Denny (June 17, 1883 -- January 20, 1962) was a Vermont businessman and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives and President Pro Tem of the Vermont Senate.	Joseph H. Denny	politician
parent taxon	Droserapollis is a genus of extinct plants in the family Droseraceae.	Droserapollis	Droseraceae
parent taxon	Argonauta bottgeri, also known as Böttger's argonaut, is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta.	Argonauta bottgeri	argonaut
parent taxon	Charana is a genus of hairstreak butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Charana	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	The West Canary skink or lisa dorada (Chalcides viridanus) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.	West Canary skink	Chalcides
parent taxon	Tasmannia is a genus of woody, evergreen flowering plants of the family Winteraceae.	Tasmannia	Winteraceae
parent taxon	The Mariana mallard or Oustalet's duck (Anas oustaleti) is an extinct type of duck of the genus Anas that was endemic to the Mariana Islands.	Mariana mallard	Anas
parent taxon	Peking Man (Chinese: 北京猿人; pinyin: Běijīng Yuánrén), Homo erectus pekinensis, is an example of Homo erectus.	Peking Man	Homo erectus
parent taxon	The Fischer's shrew (Crocidura fischeri) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Fischer's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Buchwaldoboletus is a genus of bolete fungi in the family Boletaceae.	Buchwaldoboletus	Boletaceae
parent taxon	The Ahanta francolin (Pternistis ahantensis) is a species of bird in the pheasant family, Phasianidae.	Ahanta francolin	Pternistis
parent taxon	The Armadini are a noctuid (``owlet'') moth tribe of the Catocalinae subfamily.	Armadini	Catocalinae
parent taxon	The Himalayan swiftlet (Aerodramus brevirostris) is a small swift.	Himalayan swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Amphechinus is an extinct genus of hedgehog of the family Erinaceidae, which lived in Asia and Europe during the Oligocene and in North America, Africa, Asia, and Europe during the Miocene.	Amphechinus	Erinaceidae
parent taxon	The Ural field mouse (Apodemus uralensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Ural field mouse	Apodemus
parent taxon	The Capricorn lizardfish (Synodus capricornis) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Pacific Ocean.	Capricorn lizardfish	Synodus
parent taxon	The Tasmanian pygmy possum (Cercartetus lepidus), also known as the little pygmy possum, is the world's smallest possum.	Tasmanian pygmy possum	Cercartetus
parent taxon	The Jamaican owl (Pseudoscops grammicus) is a medium-sized tawny colored owl that is endemic to the island of Jamaica.	Jamaican owl	Pseudoscops
parent taxon	Nannogomphus is an extinct genus of fossil odonates belonging to the family Gomphidae.	Nannogomphus	Gomphidae
parent taxon	Rhantaticus congestus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Rhantaticus.	Rhantaticus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Syngliocladium is a genus of anamorphic fungi within the Ophiocordycipitaceae family.	Syngliocladium	Ophiocordycipitaceae
parent taxon	Agelaia is a genus of Neotropical social wasps (family Vespidae), with species from Mexico to northern Argentina.	Agelaia	Vespidae
parent taxon	Barbapellis pterygalces also known as the Moose eelpout is a species of zoarcid fish found in Southern Ocean.	Moose eelpout	Barbapellis
parent taxon	Notolestus sulcipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Notolestus.	Notolestus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Angolan batis (Batis minulla) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.	Angolan batis	Batis
parent taxon	Euperipatoides is a genus of velvet worms in the family Peripatopsidae.	Euperipatoides	Peripatopsidae
parent taxon	Couch's spadefoot toad or Couch's spadefoot (Scaphiopus couchii) is a species of North American spadefoot toad (family Scaphiopodidae).	Couch's spadefoot toad	Scaphiopus
parent taxon	Dorymyrmex (also known cone ants) is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Dorymyrmex	Dolichoderinae
parent taxon	The Deccan white carp (Cirrhinus fulungee) is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish native to India.	Deccan white carp	Cirrhinus
parent taxon	Pinheirodontidae is a poorly known family of fossil mammals within the order Multituberculata.	Pinheirodontidae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	The Miombo blue-eared starling (Lamprotornis elisabeth), also known as the southern blue-eared glossy-starling, is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Miombo blue-eared starling	Lamprotornis
parent taxon	Stenochlaena is a genus of ferns of the plant family Blechnaceae.	Stenochlaena	Blechnaceae
parent taxon	Euophrys is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders) with almost worldwide distribution.	Euophrys	Salticidae
parent taxon	The Curimatidae, toothless characins, are a family of freshwater fishes, of the order Characiformes.	Curimatidae	Characiformes
parent taxon	The Nyanza swift (Apus niansae) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Nyanza swift	Apus
parent taxon	Ailanthus (/əˈlænθəs/; derived from ailanto, an Ambonese word probably meaning ``tree of the gods'' or ``tree of heaven'') is a genus of trees belonging to the family Simaroubaceae, in the order Sapindales (formerly Rutales or Geraniales).	Ailanthus	Simaroubaceae
parent taxon	The Desertas petrel (Pterodroma deserta) is a small seabird in the gadfly petrel genus which breeds on Bugio Island in the Desertas off Madeira.	Desertas petrel	gadfly petrel
parent taxon	The Namoi River snapping turtle (Myuchelys bellii), also commonly known as Bell's turtle, Namoi River elseya, or Bell's saw-shelled turtle, is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.	Namoi River snapping turtle	Myuchelys
parent taxon	The Latham's francolin or forest francolin (Peliperdix lathami) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Latham's francolin	Peliperdix
parent taxon	The Transcaspian vole (Microtus transcaspicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Transcaspian vole	Microtus
parent taxon	The Odaigahara salamander (Hynobius boulengeri) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan.	Odaigahara salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	The Hogsback frog or Rattray's forest frog (Anhydrophryne rattrayi) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Hogsback frog	Anhydrophryne
parent taxon	Hildegarde's broad-headed mouse or Hildegarde's zelotomys (Zelotomys hildegardeae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hildegarde's broad-headed mouse	Zelotomys
parent taxon	Fitzinger's algyroides or the pygmy algyroides or the pygmy keeled lizard (Algyroides fitzingeri ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Fitzinger's algyroides	Algyroides
parent taxon	The Catostomidae are the suckers of the order Cypriniformes, with about 78 species in this family of freshwater fishes.	Catostomidae	Cypriniformes
parent taxon	The Ramu rainbowfish (Glossolepis ramuensis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Ramu rainbowfish	Glossolepis
parent taxon	Linisa is a genus (or a subgenus under Polygyra) of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae.	Linisa	Polygyridae
parent taxon	Monkeypox virus (MPV) is a double-stranded DNA, zoonotic virus and a species of the genus Orthopoxvirus in the family Poxviridae.	Monkeypox virus	Orthopoxvirus
parent taxon	Jerdon's baza (Aviceda jerdoni) is a moderate sized brown hawk with a thin white-tipped black crest usually held erect.	Jerdon's baza	Aviceda
parent taxon	Cussonia is a genus of plants of family Araliaceae, represented by 20 species.	Cussonia	Araliaceae
parent taxon	The Comoro rousette (Rousettus obliviosus) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae endemic to the Comoros Islands.	Comoro rousette	Rousettus
parent taxon	Cascaronia astragalina is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Cascaronia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Camelpox is a disease of camels caused by a virus of the family Poxviridae, subfamily Chordopoxvirinae, and the genus Orthopoxvirus.	Camelpox	Orthopoxvirus
parent taxon	Grauer's warbler (Graueria vittata) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Grauer's warbler	Graueria
parent taxon	Xenion ignitum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Xenion.	Xenion	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Saginae, commonly known as the predatory katydids or predatory bush-crickets, is a subfamily of the family Tettigoniidae (the katydids, long-horned grasshoppers or bush-crickets).	Saginae	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	Haideoporus texanus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Haideoporus.	Haideoporus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Shaw Mayer's brush mouse (Pogonomelomys mayeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Shaw Mayer's brush mouse	Pogonomelomys
parent taxon	Beccariophoenix is a genus of three species of Arecaceae (palms), native to Madagascar.	Beccariophoenix	Arecaceae
parent taxon	Grossuana is a genus of very small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae	Grossuana	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	The Peruvian tyrannulet (Zimmerius viridiflavus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Peruvian tyrannulet	Zimmerius
parent taxon	Longchengpterus has been assigned to the Istiodactylidae sharing with Istiodactylus tooth form and count as well as a large skull opening.	Longchengpterus	Istiodactylidae
parent taxon	The Hippoglossoidinae are a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family.	Hippoglossoidinae	Pleuronectidae
parent taxon	The VUB night frog (Nyctibatrachus vrijeuni) is a species of frog in the family Nyctibatrachidae.	VUB night frog	Nyctibatrachus
parent taxon	Eucnide (stingbush) is a genus of plants in the family Loasaceae.	Eucnide	Loasaceae
parent taxon	Mariosousa willardiana, also called Palo Blanco tree, palo liso, guinola and Willard Acacia, is a normally evergreen plant in the genus Mariosousa native to Mexico.	Mariosousa willardiana	Acacia
parent taxon	``Total evidence analysis of the phylogenetic relationships of Lycosoidea spiders (Araneae, Entelegynae)''.	Lycosoidea	Entelegynae
parent taxon	Eburostola amazonica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Eburostola.	Eburostola	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Woolley's three-striped dasyure (Myoictis leucera) is a member of the order Dasyuromorphia.	Woolley's three-striped dasyure	Myoictis
parent taxon	The genus Marburgvirus is a virological taxon (i.e. a man-made concept) included in the family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.	Marburgvirus	Filoviridae
parent taxon	Knipowitschia croatica, the Neretva dwarf goby, is a species of fresh water goby native to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia.	Neretva dwarf goby	Knipowitschia
parent taxon	Eporus insignis is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Eporus.	Eporus	Monotomidae
parent taxon	Broadnose skate (Bathyraja brachyurops) is a species of skate in the family Rajidae.	Broadnose skate	Bathyraja
parent taxon	The Singapore blue (Lampropelma violaceopes) is a large, arboreal species of tarantula from Malaysia and Singapore.	Singapore blue	Lampropelma
parent taxon	Coding the original hand and jaw specimens separately showed that while the Caenagnathus holotype remained in the more basal position in the Caenagnathidae commonly assigned to it, the Chirostenotes pergracilis holotype was placed as an advanced oviraptorosaurian and an oviraptorid.	Chirostenotes	Caenagnathidae
parent taxon	Ctenomys andersoni, also called Anderson's Cujuchi, is a species of tuco-tuco native to Bolivia.	Ctenomys andersoni	tuco-tuco
parent taxon	Alcathousiella polyrhaphoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Alcathousiella.	Alcathousiella polyrhaphoides	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The New Guinea naked-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia magna or Dobsonia moluccensis magna) is a species of megabat endemic to Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian islands of Waigeo, Yapen, Batanta, and Misool.	New Guinea naked-backed fruit bat	Dobsonia
parent taxon	The Larut Hills caecilian, Caudacaecilia larutensis, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family found in Malaysia and Thailand.	Larut Hills caecilian	Caudacaecilia
parent taxon	The Andaman masked owl (Tyto deroepstorffi) is a barn owl endemic to the southern Andaman Islands.	Andaman masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Platyla is a genus of very small land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Aciculidae.	Platyla	Aciculidae
parent taxon	The Burmese krait (Bungarus magnimaculatus), also known as the spotted krait or the splendid krait, is a species of venomous snake of the genus Bungarus that is endemic to Myanmar.	Burmese krait	Bungarus
parent taxon	The Japanese pond turtle (Mauremys japonica) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae endemic to Japan.	Japanese pond turtle	Mauremys
parent taxon	The African hobby (Falco cuvierii) is a small species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family.	African hobby	Falco
parent taxon	Sanguirana is a genus of true frogs (family Ranidae) found in the Malay Archipelago, including the Philippines, the Maluku Islands, Sulawesi, and Seram.	Sanguirana	Ranidae
parent taxon	Day's grass mouse (Akodon dayi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Day's grass mouse	Akodon
parent taxon	Caprina is a genus of rudists, a group of marine heterodont bivalves belonging to the family Caprinidae.	Caprina	Caprinidae
parent taxon	Sarcosperma is a genus of trees or shrubs in the Sapotaceae family.	Sarcosperma	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Nava's wren (Hylorchilus navai) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.	Nava's wren	Hylorchilus
parent taxon	Sphex pensylvanicus is a species of digger wasp, commonly known as the great black wasp.	Sphex pensylvanicus	digger wasp
parent taxon	The La Brea poison frog (Oophaga occultator, formerly Dendrobates occultator) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to the Cordillera Occidental in the Cauca Department of Colombia.	La Brea poison frog	Dendrobates
parent taxon	Hippocampus denise, also known as Denise's pygmy seahorse or the yellow pygmy seahorse, is a seahorse of the family Syngnathidae native to the western Pacific.	Denise's pygmy seahorse	Hippocampus
parent taxon	Braulioceras is a smooth, orthoconic orthocerid with very close spaced septa (around 8 over a length equal to the diameter of the shell) added to the Sactorthoceratidae in 2007.	Braulioceras	Sactorthoceratidae
parent taxon	Abbott's duiker (Cephalophus spadix), also known as minde in Swahili, is a large, forest-dwelling duiker (small antelope) found only in a few scattered enclaves in Tanzania.	Abbott's duiker	Cephalophus
parent taxon	Polybotrya is a genus of ferns in family Dryopteridaceae.	Polybotrya	Dryopteridaceae
parent taxon	The California lizardfish (Synodus luciocepsis) is a lizardfish primarily inhabiting the Californian coast.	California lizardfish	Synodus
parent taxon	The Malabar woodshrike (Tephrodornis sylvicola) is a species of bird in the woodshrike family Tephrodornithidae.	Malabar woodshrike	Tephrodornis
parent taxon	Dendropanax is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araliaceae, consisting of 92 species of evergreen trees and shrubs.	Dendropanax	Araliaceae
parent taxon	The Guahiba gracile opossum (Cryptonanus guahybae) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Guahiba gracile opossum	Cryptonanus
parent taxon	Corsican red deer (Cervus elaphus corsicanus Erxleben, 1777), also known simply as Corsican or Sardinian deer, is a subspecies of the red deer (Cervus elaphus), endemic to the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia, Italy and Corsica, France.	Corsican red deer	Cervus elaphus
parent taxon	The Ecuadorian ground dove (Columbina buckleyi) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Ecuadorian ground dove	Columbina
parent taxon	Palaelodidae is a family of extinct birds in the group Phoenicopteriformes, which today is represented only by the flamingos.	Palaelodidae	Phoenicopteriformes
parent taxon	Texas shiner (Notropis amabilis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.	Texas shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	The Small-billed tinamou (Crypturellus parvirostris) is a type of Tinamou commonly found in dry savanna in Amazonian South America.	Small-billed tinamou	Crypturellus
parent taxon	Sinusonasus was in 2004 placed in the Troodontidae.	Sinusonasus	Troodontidae
parent taxon	Hydrobioides is a genus of a freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae.	Hydrobioides	Bithyniidae
parent taxon	Karschiellidae is a family of earwigs in the suborder Forficulina.	Karschiellidae	Forficulina
parent taxon	Ruschi's rat (erroneously Rushi's rat), Abrawayaomys ruschii, is a rodent species found in Argentina and Brazil.	Ruschi's rat	Abrawayaomys
parent taxon	Petrotyx is a genus of reef-dwelling cusk-eels.	Petrotyx	cusk-eels
parent taxon	Rhoptropus is a genus of geckos endemic to Southern Africa, better known as Namib day geckos.	Rhoptropus	geckos
parent taxon	Bowfin (Amia calva) are basal bony fishes related to gars in the infraclass Holostei.	Bowfin	Amia
parent taxon	Sumichrast's vesper rat (Nyctomys sumichrasti) is a rodent of the family Cricetidae found from southern Mexico to Panama.	Sumichrast's vesper rat	Nyctomys
parent taxon	The Myodocopida is one of the two orders within the Myodocopa, in turn a subclass of the Ostracoda.	Myodocopida	Myodocopa
parent taxon	Conostichoceras is an exogastric, breviconic oncocerid included in the family Nothoceratidae, known from the Middle Devonian of central Europe and Upper Devonian of Australia.	Conostichoceras	Nothoceratidae
parent taxon	Swine brucellosis is a zoonosis affecting pigs, caused by the bacterium Brucella suis.	Swine brucellosis	Brucella
parent taxon	Amji's salamander (Hynobius amjiensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family.	Amji's salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Sawadaea is a genus of fungi in the family Erysiphaceae (powdery mildews).	Sawadaea	Erysiphaceae
parent taxon	Cerauropeltis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician of what is now New York, U.S.A. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is Cerauropeltis ruedemanni, which was originally described under the genus Ceraurus by Raymond in 1916.	Cerauropeltis	Phacopida
parent taxon	Lethops connectens, the Halfblind goby, is a species of marine goby native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from central California, USA to Baja California, Mexico where they inhabit kelp forests.	Halfblind goby	Lethops
parent taxon	The Bactrian deer (Cervus elaphus bactrianus), also called the Bukhara deer, Bokhara deer or Bactrian wapiti, is a lowland subspecies of Red Deer that is native to central Asia.	Bactrian deer	Cervus elaphus
parent taxon	Conradia is a genus of very small sea snails or micromolluscs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Crosseolidae.	Conradia	Crosseolidae
parent taxon	Van Zyl's golden mole (Cryptochloris zyli) is a golden mole endemic to the Western Cape Province, South Africa.	Van Zyl's golden mole	Cryptochloris
parent taxon	The Great Basin spadefoot (Spea intermontana) is a species of toad in the Scaphiopodidae family.	Great Basin spadefoot	Spea
parent taxon	Chrysopa is a genus of green lacewings in the neuropteran family Chrysopidae.	Chrysopa	Chrysopidae
parent taxon	The Gorgan salamander (Paradactylodon gorganensis) is a species of salamanders in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to a single location in Iran, the caves near the Shir-Abad Waterfall.	Gorgan salamander	Paradactylodon
parent taxon	Flectonotus is a genus of frogs of the family Hemiphractidae.	Flectonotus	Hemiphractidae
parent taxon	The Barrier skink, Oligosoma judgei, is a species of medium-sized skink endemic to New Zealand where it lives in the alpine habitat of the Darran and Takitimu mountains of Fiordland.	Barrier skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	Mesocharis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.	Mesocharis	Tortricidae
parent taxon	Lygistopteroides longipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Lygistopteroides.	Lygistopteroides	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Azucarella weyrauchi is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Azucarella	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The Durango chipmunk (Neotamias durangae) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Durango chipmunk	Neotamias
parent taxon	The Caucasian mole (Talpa caucasica) is a mammal in the family Talpidae that is endemic to the Caucasus and Talysh Mountains of Armenia, Georgia, Russia, Turkey and Iran.	Caucasian mole	Talpa
parent taxon	Thorybes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae subfamily Eudaminae.	Thorybes	Eudaminae
parent taxon	Indophanus dakshinus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Indophanus.	Indophanus	Silvanidae
parent taxon	The Orange River white-eye (Zosterops pallidus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Orange River white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	The Carpentarian rock rat (Zyzomys palatalis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Carpentarian rock rat	Zyzomys
parent taxon	Leptoreodon is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Protoceratidae, endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch (Uintan to Duchesnean stage) 40.2--33.9 Ma, existing for approximately 6.3 million years.	Leptoreodon	Protoceratidae
parent taxon	Kladisoceras is an Early Devonian fossil cephalopod included in the nautiloid order Discosorida.	Kladisoceras	Discosorida
parent taxon	The Congo martin or Congo sand martin (Riparia congica) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family.	Congo martin	Riparia
parent taxon	Baudin's black cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus baudinii), also known as Baudin's cockatoo or long-billed black cockatoo, is a large black cockatoo found in Australia.	Baudin's black cockatoo	Calyptorhynchus
parent taxon	Armina is a genus of sea slugs, specifically nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Arminidae.	Armina	Arminidae
parent taxon	Foulonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now France.	Foulonia	Phacopida
parent taxon	Eccoptochiloides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic.	Eccoptochiloides	Phacopida
parent taxon	Inchoatia is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.	Inchoatia	Clausiliidae
parent taxon	The Vogelkop bowerbird (Amblyornis inornata), also known as the Vogelkop gardener bowerbird, is a medium-sized, bowerbird of the mountains of the Vogelkop Peninsula at Western New Guinea, Indonesia.	Vogelkop bowerbird	Amblyornis
parent taxon	Hemitheconyx caudicinctus is a Eublepharid gecko (family Eublepharidae see also Coleonyx variegatus, the Western Banded Gecko).	Hemitheconyx	Eublepharidae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Picrophilus is an archaean genus of the family Picrophilaceae.	Picrophilus	Picrophilaceae
parent taxon	The Yakati rainbowfish (Melanotaenia angfa) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Yakati rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	Narceus is a genus of large cylindrical millipedes of the family Spirobolidae native to eastern North America.	Narceus	Spirobolidae
parent taxon	The family to which Austrotrachyceras belongs, the Trachyceratidae, has more or less involute, highly ornamented shells and ceratitic to ammonitic sutures.	Austrotrachyceras	Trachyceratidae
parent taxon	The Panay monitor (Varanus mabitang) is an endangered monitor lizard native to Panay Island in the Philippines.	Panay monitor	monitor lizard
parent taxon	Chlamydogobius gloveri, the Dalhousie goby, is a species of goby endemic to Australia where it lives in the Dalhousie Springs.	Dalhousie goby	Chlamydogobius
parent taxon	Elachistites is an extinct genus of moth in the Elachistidae family.	Elachistites	Elachistidae
parent taxon	Pyxidanthera is a genus of flowering plant in the family Diapensiaceae The most widespread species (P. barbulata) is known by the common name flowering pixie-moss.	Pyxidanthera	Diapensiaceae
parent taxon	Berosini is a tribe of Hydrophilidae and contains 364 species in 5 genera.	Berosini	Hydrophilidae
parent taxon	The Chaoyangopteridae are a family of pterosaurs within the Azhdarchoidea.	Chaoyangopteridae	Azhdarchoidea
parent taxon	Neoscaphus simplex is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Neoscaphus.	Neoscaphus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Lauridromia is a genus of crabs in the family Dromiidae.	Lauridromia	Dromiidae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Geogemma is a genus of the family Pyrodictiaceae.	Geogemma	Pyrodictiaceae
parent taxon	The Chinese white shrimp, oriental shrimp, or fleshy prawn (Fenneropenaeus chinensis) is a species of shrimp.	Chinese white shrimp	Fenneropenaeus
parent taxon	The Cape short-eared gerbil, Desmodillus auricularis, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Cape short-eared gerbil	Desmodillus
parent taxon	The Laotian rock rat or kha-nyou (Laonastes aenigmamus), sometimes called the ``rat-squirrel'', is a rodent species of the Khammouan region of Laos.	Laotian rock rat	Laonastes
parent taxon	Some cladistic analyses have found Lufengosaurus as a member of the Massospondylidae.	Lufengosaurus	Massospondylidae
parent taxon	Thracides is a Neotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the Hesperiidae family.	Thracides	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The La Plata dolphin or Franciscana (Pontoporia blainvillei) is found in coastal Atlantic waters of southeastern South America.	La Plata dolphin	Pontoporia
parent taxon	Macrocephalochelys is an extinct genus of turtles belonging in the family Chelydridae.	Macrocephalochelys	Chelydridae
parent taxon	Paleosuchus is a South American genus of reptile in the family Alligatoridae.	Paleosuchus	Alligatoridae
parent taxon	The Coleophoridae are a family of small moths, belonging to the huge superfamily Gelechioidea.	Coleophoridae	Gelechioidea
parent taxon	Hemicycla is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Hemicycla	Helicidae
parent taxon	Dasychira is a genus of tussock moths in the Erebidae family.	Dasychira	Erebidae
parent taxon	Darlingtonea kentuckensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Darlingtonea.	Darlingtonea	Carabidae
parent taxon	Acroloxus is a genus of very small, air-breathing, freshwater snails, or more precisely limpets, aquatic pulmonate gastropods in the family Acroloxidae.	Acroloxus	Acroloxidae
parent taxon	The Buettikofer's shrew (Crocidura buettikoferi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Buettikofer's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Emilia's gracile opossum (Gracilinanus emiliae) is an opossum species from South America.	Emilia's gracile opossum	Gracilinanus
parent taxon	Olpidium is one of five fungal plant pathogen genera in the family Olpidiaceae.	Olpidium	Olpidiaceae
parent taxon	Little-eared tree rat (Pithecheirops otion) is a species of rodent in family Muridae.	Little-eared tree rat	Pithecheirops
parent taxon	Tastavinsaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur belonging to the Titanosauriformes.	Tastavinsaurus	Titanosauriformes
parent taxon	The Miombo double-collared sunbird (Cinnyris manoensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Miombo double-collared sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	The Bates's shrew (Crocidura batesi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Bates's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Vesiculovirus is a genus of negative-sense ssRNA viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae, within the order Mononegavirales.	Vesiculovirus	Rhabdoviridae
parent taxon	Turrilitoidea is a diverse superfamily of Cretaceous ammonites generally considered as heteromorphic and commonly included in the suborder Ancyloceratina.	Turrilitoidea	Ancyloceratina
parent taxon	Ochodaeidae beetles belong to the infraorder Scarabaeiformia, which contains only one superfamily, the Scarabaeoidea.	Ochodaeidae	Scarabaeoidea
parent taxon	The Togo paradise whydah (Vidua togoensis) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family.	Togo paradise whydah	Vidua
parent taxon	Ogygites is an Ordovician genus of the trilobite family Asaphidae, with the type species Ogygites desmaresti.	Ogygites	Asaphidae
parent taxon	Helcogramma solorensis, known commonly as the Solor triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.	Solor triplefin	Helcogramma
parent taxon	The Anjouan brush warbler (Nesillas longicaudata) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Anjouan brush warbler	Nesillas
parent taxon	Osphronemus is a genus of gouramis, the only genus within the subfamily Osphroneminae.	Osphronemus	Osphroneminae
parent taxon	The Bonin flying fox, Bonin fruit bat (Pteropus pselaphon), or in Japanese Ogasawara giant bat (オガサワラオオコウモリ Ogasawara ōkōmori) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Bonin flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	The Tibetan blackbird (Turdus maximus) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae.	Tibetan blackbird	Turdus
parent taxon	The Szechuan vole (Volemys millicens) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Szechuan vole	Volemys
parent taxon	Callidagonum pallidum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Callidagonum.	Callidagonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	Terebellomorpha is a suborder within the polychaete order Terebellida.	Terebellomorpha	Terebellida
parent taxon	The Rodrigues night heron (Nycticorax megacephalus) is an extinct species of heron formerly occurring on the Mascarene island of Rodrigues.	Rodrigues night heron	Nycticorax
parent taxon	Hygrocybe is a genus of agarics (gilled fungi) in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Hygrocybe	Hygrophoraceae
parent taxon	The New Caledonian gallinule (Porphyrio kukwiedei) was a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	New Caledonian gallinule	Porphyrio
parent taxon	The Namaqua chameleon (Chamaeleo namaquensis) is a ground-living lizard found in the western desert regions of Namibia, South Africa and southern Angola.	Namaqua chameleon	Chamaeleo
parent taxon	Palmer's chipmunk (Neotamias palmeri) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Palmer's chipmunk	Neotamias
parent taxon	The Mycocaliciales are an order of ascomycetous fungi within the subclass Mycocaliciomycetidae and within the class Eurotiomycetes (subphylum Pezizomycotina).	Mycocaliciales	Mycocaliciomycetidae
parent taxon	Yinoceras is a genus of middle Permian goniatitid ammonite, the type genus for the subfamily Yinoceratinae of the family Pseudohaloritidae.	Yinoceras	Yinoceratinae
parent taxon	Due to the poor preservation of the holotype, the phylogenetic position of Ruhuhuaria within Owenettidae is uncertain.	Ruhuhuaria	Owenettidae
parent taxon	Tymoviridae is a family of single-stranded positive sense RNA viruses in the order Tymovirales.	Tymoviridae	Tymovirales
parent taxon	Andrew's hill rat (Bunomys andrewsi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Andrew's hill rat	Bunomys
parent taxon	Neoptychites belongs to the ammonite family Vascoceratidae and is included in the subfamily Vasoceratinae.	Neoptychites	Vascoceratidae
parent taxon	Sinornithoides was in 1994 assigned to the Troodontidae.	Sinornithoides	Troodontidae
parent taxon	Liobagrus is a genus of catfishes of the family Amblycipitidae.	Liobagrus	Amblycipitidae
parent taxon	Horst's tree frog (Litoria amboinensis) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Horst's tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Thaanumella is a genus of minute salt marsh snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Assimineidae.	Thaanumella	Assimineidae
parent taxon	Spinicalliotropis is a monospecific genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliotropidae,	Spinicalliotropis	Calliotropidae
parent taxon	The Alpine long-eared bat or mountain long-eared bat (Plecotus macrobullaris) is a species of lump-nosed bat.	Alpine long-eared bat	Plecotus
parent taxon	Merychippus is an extinct proto-horse of the family Equidae that was endemic to North America during the Miocene from 20.43--10.3 Ma living for approximately 10.13 million years.	Merychippus	Equidae
parent taxon	The Madagascan nightjar (Caprimulgus madagascariensis) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Madagascan nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Pyrgina is a genus of small, tropical, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae, the ``awl snails''.	Pyrgina	Subulinidae
parent taxon	The Sailfin weever, Trachinus collignoni, is a fish of the Trachinidae family, Perciformes order, and Actinopterygii class.	Sailfin weever	Trachinus
parent taxon	Mackinlay's cuckoo-dove (Macropygia mackinlayi), also known as the spot-breasted cuckoo-dove, is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Mackinlay's cuckoo-dove	Macropygia
parent taxon	Matoatoa is a small genus of geckos that is endemic to Madagascar.	Matoatoa	geckos
parent taxon	Diphyrama singularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Diphyrama.	Diphyrama	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Haplogona is a genus of chordeumatidan millipedes comprising the family Verhoeffiidae.	Haplogona	Verhoeffiidae
parent taxon	Bleninae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae consisting of only one genus, Blenina.	Bleninae	Nolidae
parent taxon	Dryopteridoideae is one of the two subfamilies of the Dryopteridaceae family of ferns.	Dryopteridoideae	Dryopteridaceae
parent taxon	Myrothamnus is recognized as the only genus in the family Myrothamnaceae.	Myrothamnus	Myrothamnaceae
parent taxon	Inarticulata was historically defined as one of the two classes of the phylum Brachiopoda and referred to those having no hinge.	Inarticulata	Brachiopoda
parent taxon	Proteinania was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Hypotrix.	Proteinania	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Erismatica is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species, Erismatica erythropis, which is known from Zimbabwe.	Erismatica	Sesiidae
parent taxon	The Cyprus whip snake or Zypern-schlanknatter (Hierophis cypriensis) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.	Cyprus whip snake	Hierophis
parent taxon	Masdevallia, abbreviated Masd in horticultural trade, is a large genus of flowering plants of the Pleurothallidinae, a subtribe of the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Masdevallia	Pleurothallidinae
parent taxon	Beddome's day gecko, Cnemaspis beddomei, is a species of gecko found in the Western Ghats.	Beddome's day gecko	Cnemaspis
parent taxon	Ascomycota is a division or phylum of the kingdom Fungi that, together with the Basidiomycota, form the subkingdom Dikarya.	Ascomycota	Dikarya
parent taxon	Pleiarthrocerini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the single genus Pleiarthrocerus and the single species Pleiarthrocerus opacus.	Pleiarthrocerini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	Siphonarioidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air-breathing sea snails or false limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Panpulmonata.	Siphonarioidea	Panpulmonata
parent taxon	The Ganzu vole (Caryomys eva) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Ganzu vole	Caryomys
parent taxon	Pseudoneuroctena is a Monotypic genus of flies from the family Dryomyzidae.	Pseudoneuroctena	Dryomyzidae
parent taxon	Vidrioceratidae is one of three families of the Cyclolobaceae Superfamily.	Vidrioceratidae	Cyclolobaceae
parent taxon	Cobitis is a palearctic genus of ray-finned fish in the family Cobitidae.	Cobitis	Cobitidae
parent taxon	The Marico sunbird or Mariqua sunbird (Cinnyris mariquensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Marico sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	The Larche ringlet (Erebia scipio) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae.	Larche ringlet	Erebia
parent taxon	The Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) or Canadian lynx is a North American mammal of the cat family, Felidae.	Canada lynx	Lynx
parent taxon	Stachyurus is the only genus in the flowering plant family Stachyuraceae, native to the Himalayas and eastern Asia.	Stachyurus	Stachyuraceae
parent taxon	The Bailey's shrew (Crocidura baileyi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Bailey's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Daniellia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, named after William Freeman Daniell.	Daniellia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Lariang tarsier (Tarsius lariang) is a recently described tarsier occurring in the western part of the central core of Sulawesi.	Lariang tarsier	Tarsius
parent taxon	The Ameca shiner (Notropis amecae) is an extinct species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Ameca shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	The Yantai stingray, Dasyatis laevigata (often misspelled laevigatus), is a little-known species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae, inhabiting shallow waters in the northwestern Pacific Ocean off the coasts of China and Japan.	Yantai stingray	Dasyatis
parent taxon	In 2004 Mirischia was assigned to the Compsognathidae, as closely related to Compsognathus from the Upper Jurassic of Europe and Aristosuchus from the Lower Cretaceous of England.	Mirischia	Compsognathidae
parent taxon	The New Britain bronzewing (Henicophaps foersteri) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	New Britain bronzewing	Henicophaps
parent taxon	The Singapore caecilian, Ichthyophis singaporensis, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Singapore.	Singapore caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	Imitoceratinae is one of six subfamilies of the Prionoceratidae family, a member of the Goniatitida order.	Imitoceratinae	Prionoceratidae
parent taxon	The Solomons flying fox (Pteropus rayneri) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Solomons flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	The Laysan finch (Telespiza cantans) is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper, that is endemic to the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.	Laysan finch	Telespiza
parent taxon	The Yellow-spotted brush-furred rat (Lophuromys flavopunctatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Yellow-spotted brush-furred rat	Lophuromys
parent taxon	Podagrica is a genus of skeletonising leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Galerucinae.	Podagrica	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	The West African catshark, Scyliorhinus cervigoni, is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae.	West African catshark	Scyliorhinus
parent taxon	Alström's warbler, or plain-tailed warbler (Seicercus soror) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.	Alström's warbler	Seicercus
parent taxon	The Namaqua rain frog (Breviceps namaquensis) is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family, found in South Africa, Zimbabwe, and possibly Namibia.	Namaqua rain frog	Breviceps
parent taxon	The Leuconostocaceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the order of Lactobacillales.	Leuconostocaceae	Lactobacillales
parent taxon	The Waccamaw fatmucket, scientific name Lampsilis fullerkati, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Waccamaw fatmucket	Lampsilis
parent taxon	The Senegal parrot (Poicephalus senegalus) is a Poicephalus parrot which is a resident breeder across a wide range of west Africa.	Senegal parrot	Poicephalus
parent taxon	Hexacosta is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Acastidae), that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now Afghanistan.	Hexacosta	Acastidae
parent taxon	Lawes's parotia (Parotia lawesii), is a medium-sized (up to 27 cm long) passerine of the bird-of-paradise family, Paradisaeidae.	Lawes's parotia	Parotia
parent taxon	Columbariinae, also known as pagoda shells, are a subfamily of large deepwater sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae.	Columbariinae	Turbinellidae
parent taxon	The Moroccan rock lizard (Teira perspicillata) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Moroccan rock lizard	Teira
parent taxon	Cerinthe is a poorly studied genus of vascular plants in the family Boraginaceae, known as ``honeyworts''.	Cerinthe	Boraginaceae
parent taxon	The Mikado pheasant (Syrmaticus mikado) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.	Mikado pheasant	Syrmaticus
parent taxon	Eristalinae (or Milesiinae) are one of the three subfamilies of the fly family Syrphidae, or hoverflies.	Eristalinae	Syrphidae
parent taxon	Soochong virus (SOO) is a zoonotic negative sense single-stranded RNA virus species of the genus Hantavirus.	Soochong virus	Hantavirus
parent taxon	Chitala is a genus of fish of the Notopteridae family.	Chitala	Notopteridae
parent taxon	Baudonisia villosiventris is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Baudonisia.	Baudonisia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Zenatia acinaces is a species of moderately large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.	Zenatia acinaces	Mactridae
parent taxon	Aerotitan has been assigned to the Azhdarchidae.	Aerotitan	Azhdarchidae
parent taxon	Dichanthelium is genus of flowering plants of the grass family, Poaceae.	Dichanthelium	Poaceae
parent taxon	Phlaocyonini † is a hypocarnivorous clade or tribe of Borophaginae.	Phlaocyonini	Borophaginae
parent taxon	Pedalium is a genus of plant in the Pedaliaceae family comprising one species, Pedalium murex.	Pedalium	Pedaliaceae
parent taxon	Tullberg's soft-furred mouse or Tullberg's praomys (Praomys tullbergi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Tullberg's soft-furred mouse	Praomys
parent taxon	Poassa is a genus of Opiliones from the Manaosbiidae family.	Poassa	Manaosbiidae
parent taxon	The Yaqui sucker (Catostomus bernardini) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.	Yaqui sucker	Catostomus
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Halobacteriaceae are a family of the Halobacteriales in the domain Archaea.	Halobacteriaceae	Halobacteriales
parent taxon	Solorina is a genus of 10 species of lichenized fungi in the family Peltigeraceae.	Solorina	Peltigeraceae
parent taxon	Fusus is a genus of small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails and tulip snails.	Fusus	Fasciolariidae
parent taxon	Ginkgoidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article ``A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III.'' This subclass contains the single extant genus Ginkgo under order Ginkgoales, family Ginkgoaceae.	Ginkgoidae	Equisetopsida
parent taxon	The Antillean euphonia (Euphonia musica) is a bird species in the finch family, Fringillidae (formerly in Thraupidae).	Antillean euphonia	Euphonia
parent taxon	The Boulenger's caecilian, Boulengerula, is a genus of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.	Boulengerula	Caeciliidae
parent taxon	The Yap flying fox (Pteropus yapensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus found on Yap Island.	Yap flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Eligmodontia belongs to the subfamily Sigmodontinae and the tribe Phyllotini.	Eligmodontia	Sigmodontinae
parent taxon	The Dalhousie hardyhead (Craterocephalus dalhousiensis) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family.	Dalhousie hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	Stethacanthus has been further classified as part of the order Symmoriida, a classification that has sparked a controversy.	Stethacanthus	Symmoriida
parent taxon	Thoristella is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae, the top snails or top shells.	Thoristella	Trochidae
parent taxon	The Atlantic bonito, Sarda sarda, is a large mackerel-like fish of the family Scombridae.	Atlantic bonito	Sarda
parent taxon	Ferrissia neozelanica, also known as Gundlachia neozelanica, is a species of minute freshwater limpet, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk, or micromollusk, in the family Planorbidae.	Ferrissia neozelanica	Gundlachia
parent taxon	Balakata is a genus of trees in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1999.	Balakata	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Pratia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae, native to Asia, Australia and New Zealand.	Pratia	Campanulaceae
parent taxon	Endorioceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod of the family Baltoceratidae that lived in what would be North America during the Ordovician from 490--479 mya, existing for approximately 11 million years.	Endorioceras	Baltoceratidae
parent taxon	Pale rasbora (Rasbora aurotaenia) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.	Pale rasbora	Rasbora
parent taxon	Enneapterygius namarrgon, known commonly as the Lightning man triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Lightning man triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Feeserpeton is a member of the clade Lanthanosuchoidea and is one of the earliest parareptiles.	Feeserpeton	Lanthanosuchoidea
parent taxon	The Orinoco saltator or Orinocan saltator (Saltator orenocensis) is a species of cardinal (bird) in the Cardinalidae family.	Orinoco saltator	Saltator
parent taxon	The Neotropical palm swift or fork-tailed palm swift (Tachornis squamata) is a resident breeding bird from Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas and Trinidad south to northeastern Peru and Brazil.	Neotropical palm swift	Tachornis
parent taxon	The suborder Lari is the part of the order Charadriiformes which includes the gulls, terns, skuas and skimmers, with the waders and snipes making up the rest of the order.	Lari	Charadriiformes
parent taxon	Opistognathus lonchurus, the Moustache jawfish, is a species of jawfish native to the western Atlantic Ocean where it occurs in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea.	Moustache jawfish	Opistognathus
parent taxon	The Central African mud turtle (Pelusios chapini) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family.	Central African mud turtle	Pelusios
parent taxon	Osgood's leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis osgoodi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Osgood's leaf-eared mouse	Phyllotis
parent taxon	Cauchas is a genus of the fairy longhorn moth family (Adelidae).	Cauchas	Adelidae
parent taxon	The Vietnamese pheasant, or Vietnam fireback, was formerly considered a species of gallopheasant, Lophura hatinhensis, but is now considered a variant of Edward's pheasant.	Vietnamese pheasant	Lophura
parent taxon	The Mindanao lowland forest mouse (Apomys littoralis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Mindanao lowland forest mouse	Apomys
parent taxon	Streptoalloteichus is a genus of bacteria within the family Pseudonocardiaceae that contains two known species:	Streptoalloteichus	Pseudonocardiaceae
parent taxon	The California rock lizards are a genus (Petrosaurus) of New World lizards in the family Phrynosomatidae.	California rock lizard	Phrynosomatidae
parent taxon	Pingalla is a genus of freshwater fish in the Terapontidae family.	Pingalla	Terapontidae
parent taxon	Nolinoideae is a monocot subfamily of the family Asparagaceae in the APG III system of 2009.	Nolinoideae	Asparagaceae
parent taxon	Adelea together with the genera Adelina and Ithania form the subfamily Ithaniinae.	Adelea	Ithaniinae
parent taxon	Tsebona is a genus of the plant family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1962.	Tsebona	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Sailfin eel (Paraletharchus pacificus, also known commonly as the Pacific sailfin eel in Mexico) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Sailfin eel	Paraletharchus
parent taxon	Lobosculum is a genus (or a subgenus under Polygyra) of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae.	Lobosculum	Polygyridae
parent taxon	Garra ceylonensis (the stone sucker or Ceylon logsucker) is a species of ray-finned fish in the cyprinid family.	Ceylon logsucker	Garra
parent taxon	The Ailao toad (Bufo ailaoanus) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Ailao toad	Bufo
parent taxon	Conosapium is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1863.	Conosapium	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Palaeopascichnus is a genus of Ediacaran organism comprising a series of lobes; it is plausibly a protozoan, but probably unrelated to the classical 'Ediacaran biota'.	Palaeopascichnus	biota
parent taxon	Andaliman (Zanthoxylum acanthopodium) is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae.	Andaliman	Zanthoxylum
parent taxon	Macroscelesaurus is now classified in the therocephalian clade Baurioidea, although its exact position is uncertain.	Macroscelesaurus	Baurioidea
parent taxon	The Javanese flying squirrel (Iomys horsfieldii) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Javanese flying squirrel	Iomys
parent taxon	The Gbanga Forest tree frog, Leptopelis bequaerti, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Liberia and possibly Guinea.	Gbanga Forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	The Lord Howe gerygone (Gerygone insularis), is known by many names.	Lord Howe gerygone	Gerygone
parent taxon	Ceragenia bicornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.	Ceragenia bicornis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Virginia opossum (Didelphis virginiana), commonly known as the North American opossum, is the only marsupial found in North America north of Mexico.	Virginia opossum	Didelphis
parent taxon	The Sumatran flying squirrel (Hylopetes winstoni) is a flying squirrel only found on the island of Sumatra.	Sumatran flying squirrel	Hylopetes
parent taxon	The Taiwan fulvetta (Fulvetta formosana) is a bird species in the family Sylviidae.	Taiwan fulvetta	Fulvetta
parent taxon	Oberländer's ground thrush (Geokichla oberlaenderi), also known as the forest ground-thrush, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Oberländer's ground thrush	Geokichla
parent taxon	Lepidostromatales is an order of fungi in the class Agaricomycetes.	Lepidostromatales	Agaricomycetes
parent taxon	The Prussian carp, silver Prussian carp or Gibel carp (Carassius gibelio, sometimes Carassius gibelio gibelio and, before 2003, Carassius auratus gibelio), is a member of the family Cyprinidae, which includes many other fish, such as the common carp, and the smaller minnows.	Prussian carp	Carassius
parent taxon	The Jampea Island pipe snake, Cylindrophis isolepis, is a species of snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Tanah Jampea, Indonesia.	Jampea Island pipe snake	Cylindrophiidae
parent taxon	The Congo gerbil or Congo tateril, Taterillus congicus, is a species of gerbil found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Sudan, and possibly Uganda.	Congo gerbil	Taterillus
parent taxon	The Marail guan (Penelope marail) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.	Marail guan	Penelope
parent taxon	Pachycereeae is a tribe of 15 genera of columnar cacti in the subfamily Cactoideae.	Pachycereeae	Cactoideae
parent taxon	The Amazonian sac-winged bat (Saccopteryx gymnura) is a bat species of the family Emballonuridae from South America.	Amazonian sac-winged bat	Saccopteryx
parent taxon	Sykes's warbler (Iduna rama) is an Old World warbler in the tree warbler family.	Sykes's warbler	Iduna
parent taxon	Distichoceras is a member of the Haploceratacean family, Oppeliidae, and type genus for the subfamily Distichoceratinae, found in upper Middle and lower Upper Jurassic sediments in Europe, Algeria, India, and Madagascar.	Distichoceras	Oppeliidae
parent taxon	Pliomys is an extinct genus of forest voles, subfamily Arvicolinae, tribe Pliomyini (Musser and Carleton, 2005).	Pliomys	Arvicolinae
parent taxon	Purdiaea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Clethraceae described as a genus in 1846.	Purdiaea	Clethraceae
parent taxon	The Bradyporinae are a subfamily of the katydid (or bush cricket) family Tettigoniidae, which are commonly called armoured ground crickets.	Bradyporinae	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	Shinploca shini is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Shinploca genus.	Shinploca	Drepanidae
parent taxon	Godman's long-tailed bat (Choeroniscus godmani) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Godman's long-tailed bat	Choeroniscus
parent taxon	Neocoenyra is an Afrotropical butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.	Neocoenyra	Nymphalidae
participant of	Zoltán Kásás (born 15 September 1946 in Alpár) is a Hungarian former water polo player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Kásás	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wang Qiu Hong competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics where as well as being a part of the unsuccessful Chinese 4 × 100 m relay team he also competed in the long jump and won a bronze medal in the F44/46 high jump	Wang Qiu Hong	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Aage Brix (December 9, 1894 -- March 16, 1963) was a former U.S. soccer forward who earned one cap with the U.S. national team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Aage Brix	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Fodor (born on 29 July 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian Greco-Roman wrestler, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 84 kg weight division.	Zoltán Fodor	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giuseppe D'Altrui (born Naples April 7, 1934) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Giuseppe D'Altrui	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petra Wenzel (born 20 November 1961 in Grabs, Saint Gallen, Switzerland) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics.	Petra Wenzel	1980 Winter Olympics	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Göran Crafoord (born 27 March 1939) is a Swedish former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Göran Crafoord	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sisomphone Vongpharkdy (born 5 December 1977) is a Laotian runner who competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics in the 4 × 100 metres relay and the 100m event respectively.	Sisomphone Vongpharkdy	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aina Berg (born 7 January 1902 -- 7 October 1992) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer who won bronze medals in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.	Aina Berg	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bulcsú Székely (born June 2, 1976 in Budapest) is a Hungarian water polo player who played on the gold medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Bulcsú Székely	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Jeandel (25 April 1918 -- 4 April 2012) was a French cross-country and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Walter Jeandel	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Joe Hamm (born November 1, 1950 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Joe Hamm	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igor Kanygin (born 6 June 1956 in Vitebsk) is a Belarusian former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Igor Kanygin	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erich Hagen (11 December 1936 -- 26 May 1978 in Leipzig) was a German cyclist who competed at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics.	Erich Hagen	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Belem Guerrero Méndez (born March 8, 1974 in Mexico City) is a retired Mexican road and track cyclist who represented Mexico at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens where she won a silver medal in the Women's Points Race.	Belem Guerrero	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Božena Dobešová (October 2, 1914 -- November 28, 1990) was a Czechoslovak/Czech gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Božena Dobešová	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jarl Birger Kivelä (20 December 1920 -- 27 September 2013) was a Finnish diver who competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, where he finished 13th in a field of 31 competitors in the men's 10 metre platform event.	Birger Kivelä	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charline Van Snick (born 2 September 1990 in Liège) is a Belgian judoka who won bronze in the Woman's Judo 48 kg in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Charline Van Snick	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arthur Mannsbarth (born 28 April 1930) is an Austrian former road and track cyclist who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and speed skater who competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics and in the 1956 Winter Olympics.	Arthur Mannsbarth	1952 Summer Olympics	1952 Winter Olympics	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Roberto Moré (born 11 February 1950) is a Cuban former pole vaulter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Roberto Moré	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicolás Uriarte (born 21 March 1990) is an Argentine volleyball player, member of the Argentina men's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów, was a participant of the 2012 Summer Olympics, silver medalist of 2011 and 2013 South American Championship and Polish Champion (2014).	Nicolás Uriarte	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Donato Pavesi (August 19, 1888 -- June 30, 1946) was an Italian track and field athlete who competed in racewalking in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Donato Pavesi	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pietro Cunti (born September 3, 1962) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey centre who last played for SC Bern in Switzerland's National League A. Cunti has participated as a member of the Swiss national team at the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Pietro Cunti	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Endre Madarász (8 November 1909 in Szerbittabé (Srpski Itebej) -- 3 May 1976 in Budapest) was a Hungarian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Endre Madarász	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konrad Martin Fritiof Svensson (2 June 1896 -- 5 March 1961) was a Swedish wrestler who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Fritiof Svensson	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Margaret Edwards (born 28 March 1939) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, where she won a bronze medal in the women's 100-metre backstroke in the time of 1:13.1.	Margaret Edwards	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	The Jet Set is a Polish R&B duo which consists of English-born David Junior Serame (South African ancestry) and Russian-born Sasha Strunin The band represented Poland in the semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki.	The Jet Set	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	Abdallah Sidani (born 1923) is a retired Lebanese wrestler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Abdallah Sidani	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	László Barsi (25 June 1904 -- 6 September 1975) was a Hungarian sprinter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	László Barsi	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	According to some reports, Zhang Jiewen will quit competitive badminton after the 2008 Summer Olympics, when she will marry Malaysian men's badminton doubles star Choong Tan Fook.	Zhang Jiewen	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Reginald Flint (16 July 1903 -- 1981) was an English competitive swimmer and breaststroker who represented Great Britain in the 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics, and England in the 1930 British Empire Games.	Reginald Flint	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tomomi Takahashi (born 29 January 1956) is a Japanese former pole vaulter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Tomomi Takahashi	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jon Eley (born 19 August 1984 in Solihull) is a British short track speed skater who competed at both the 2006 Winter Olympics, the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Jon Eley	2006 Winter Olympics	2010 Winter Olympics	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	More commonly known as Wendy Wyland, she represented her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, winning the bronze medal in the Women's 10m Platform competition.	Wendy Wyland	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sonia Barrio Gutiérrez (born December 13, 1969 in Madrid) is a former field hockey player from Spain, who was a member of the Women's National Team that surprisingly won the golden medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Sonia Barrio	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zdenko Zorko (born 18 August 1950 in Zagreb) is a Croatian former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia.	Zdenko Zorko	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Saša Imprić (born January 9, 1986 in Zagreb) is a medley swimmer from Croatia, who made his Olympic debut for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Saša Imprić	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Santiago Lorenzo (born May 4, 1978 in Buenos Aires) is a retired decathlete from Argentina who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Santiago Lorenzo	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elles Voskes (born August 3, 1964 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a former freestyle swimmer from The Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, United States.	Elles Voskes	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alida Elisabeth Christina Gerritsen-De Vries, born Ali de Vries (9 August 1914 -- 20 January 2007) was a Dutch athlete, who finished in fifth position at the 1936 Summer Olympics in the 4 x 100 m relay event alongside Kitty ter Braake, Fanny Blankers-Koen and Lies Koning.	Ali de Vries	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	During the 1948 Summer Olympics Bob Maas also took a Bronze medal in the Star.	Bob Maas	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Artur Michalkiewicz (born September 11, 1977 in Wrocław) is a Polish Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Artur Michalkiewicz	2008 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Blagoja Georgievski (born 15 October 1950) is a Macedonian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Blagoja Georgievski	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ernst Felle (April 26, 1876--1959) was a German rower who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Ernst Felle	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicola Rodigari (born November 7, 1981) is an Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 2002, 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics.	Nicola Rodigari	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Raúl Córdoba Alcalá (born 14 April 1930) was a Mexican football goalkeeper who played for Mexico in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Raúl Córdoba	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Friedl Däuber (5 January 1911 -- 1 May 1997) was a German alpine and cross-country skier who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics.	Friedl Däuber	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Edson Alvarado (born September 27, 1975) is a retired Mexican footballer, who represented Mexico at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Edson Alvarado	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kurt Moeschter (28 March 1903 -- 26 June 1959) was a German rower who won a gold medal in the coxless pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics, together with Bruno Müller.	Kurt Moeschter	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wang Long (born 27 November 1985) is a Chinese handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Wang Long	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Argyris Theodoropoulos (born 13 January 1981) is a Greek water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in the 2008 Summer Olympics and in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Argyris Theodoropoulos	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	J. A. Gardiner was a sailor from the Great Britain, who represented his native country at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Hunters Quay, Great Britain.	J. A. Gardiner	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cornelis van Staveren (14 June 1889 in Leimuiden -- 10 April 1982, Oude Wetering) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.	Cornelis van Staveren	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rasoul Amani (Persian: رسول امانی‎‎; born 1 December 1964 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-New Zealander wrestler who represented New Zealand in Graeco-Roman wrestling in the 63 kg class at the 2000 Summer Olympics; see Wrestling at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Rasoul Amani	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Heather Moody (born August 21, 1973 in Rexburg, Idaho) is an American water polo player, who won a silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Heather Moody	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Francisco Jovel Cruz (born 26 May 1951 in Usulután, El Salvador) is a retired football player from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain.	José Francisco Jovel	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	František Sokol (February 5, 1939 -- October 11, 2011) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	František Sokol	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	August Schmierer (April 28, 1870 -- ?) was a German rugby union player who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	August Schmierer	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksey Frosin (born 14 February 1978) is a Russian fencer who won a gold medal in the team sabre competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney together with Aleksey Dyachenko, Stanislav Pozdnyakov, and Sergey Sharikov.	Aleksey Frosin	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kimberley McRae (born May 24, 1992 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian luger who has competed since 2011 on the Senior FIL World Cup Circuit McRae has also qualified to compete for Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.	Kimberley McRae	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Henry Seiling (born May, 1872, date of death unknown) was an American tug of war athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Henry Seiling	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Uno Öhrlund (born 22 May 1937) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who won a silver medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics.	Uno Öhrlund	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	Georg Hoffmann (1880 -- 1947) was a German freestyle, backstroke, breaststroke swimmer and diver who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and 1906 Summer Olympics.	Georg Hoffmann	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Yongjie (born 11 April 1968) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Yongjie	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lena Schöneborn (born April 11, 1986 in Troisdorf, Germany) is a German pentathlete, who won the gold medal in the Modern Pentathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lena Schöneborn	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jordan Malone (born April 20, 1984) is an American short track speed skater who was a member of the US Olympic Team for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.	Jordan Malone	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Krešimir Čuljak (born 18 September 1970 in Zagreb) is a Croatian rower, who won a bronze medal in the eights competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Krešimir Čuljak	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Costică Dafinoiu (born February 6, 1954 in Viziru, Brăila County) is a retired boxer from Romania, who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Costică Dafinoiu	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paulus Ambunda (born 6 August 1980) is a Namibian boxer who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and is a former WBO Bantamweight champion.	Paulus Ambunda	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sigrid Landgraf (born 7 May 1959 in Hanau) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Sigrid Landgraf	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tito Collevati (born February 4, 1891, date of death unknown) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Tito Collevati	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Édison Xavier Moreno Cruz (born 15 November 1979) is an Ecuadorian racewalker who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Xavier Moreno	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ingar Nielsen (born 1886, date of death unknown) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Ingar Nielsen	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vladyslav Dolohodin (Ukrainian: Владислав Дологодін; born February 23, 1972 in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk) is a retired sprinter from Ukraine, who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics for his native country.	Vladyslav Dolohodin	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lee Ka Man (Chinese: 李嘉文; Jyutping: lei5 gaa1 man4; born 28 November 1986) is a rower born in British Hong Kong, who won the silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the lightweight sincle sculls class.	Lee Ka Man	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Melchor Palmeiro (born 1923) represented Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Melchor Palmeiro	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emmanuel de Blommaert de Soye (15 October 1875 -- 12 April 1944) was a Belgian horse rider who competed in the 1912 and 1920 Summer Olympics.	Emmanuel de Blommaert	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ayako Matsumura (born 8 January 1982) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ayako Matsumura	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kateřina Elhotová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkatɛr̝ɪna ˈɛlɦotovaː); born 14 October 1989) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kateřina Elhotová	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gheorghe Brandabura (born 23 February 1913-date of death unknown) was a Romanian football midfielder who played for Romania in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Gheorghe Brandabura	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Kim Reynierse (born 10 January 1961) is an Aruban former long-distance runner who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Kim Reynierse	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Southerden Burn (25 June 1884 -- 28 August 1958) was an English doctor and rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	John Southerden Burn	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan Harting was an Indonesian football defender who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Jan Harting	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Swen Schuller (born 9 May 1971 in Winnenden) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Swen Schuller	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Đorđe Majtan (Serbian: Ђорђе Мајтан; born January 1, 1939 in Novi Sad) is a retired Serbian high jumper who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics and won 26th place.	Đorđe Majtan	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lasse Virén ended his career after the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he placed fifth in the 10,000 metres.	Lasse Virén	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fletcher Abram, Jr. (born December 12, 1950) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Fletcher Abram	1972 Summer Olympics
performer	Blood-Red States is a hardcore anarcho album by the Philadelphia band Witch Hunt.	Blood-Red States	Witch Hunt
performer	Kentucky Bluebird is a compilation album by American country music singer Keith Whitley.	Kentucky Bluebird	Keith Whitley
performer	Grits Sandwiches for Breakfast is American musician Kid Rock's first album, released by Jive Records in 1990.	Grits Sandwiches for Breakfast	Kid Rock
performer	Chansons pour les pieds was a 2001 album by Jean-Jacques Goldman sung in French.	Chansons pour les pieds	Jean-Jacques Goldman
performer	Listen Through the Static is the fifth album by the Des Moines, IA band The Nadas.	Listen Through the Static	The Nadas
performer	Raj na nebu, pakao na Zemlji (Paradise in Heaven, Hell on Earth) is the third studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut, released by Beograund in 2000.	Raj na nebu, pakao na Zemlji	Supernaut
performer	``Music in Me'' is a song by American singer Paula Cole, from her fifth studio album, Ithaca.	Music in Me	Paula Cole
performer	``Introduction 2003'' is a promotional single by Mike Oldfield from Tubular Bells 2003 album, released in Spain on 24 April 2003.	Introduction 2003	Mike Oldfield
performer	Love Opus is the ninth and final studio album by Heavy D. It was released on September 27, 2011 on Stride Entertainment, almost two months before Heavy D's death.	Love Opus	Heavy D
performer	``Angel St'' (pronounced Angel Street) is the thirteenth single by British band M People, released on 16 March 1998.	Angel St	M People
performer	Sweet Dreams, Sucker is an album released in 2007 by the power pop band Treaty of Paris.	Sweet Dreams, Sucker	Treaty of Paris
performer	Blues...? is an album by American jazz group the String Trio of New York recorded in 1993 for the Italian Black Saint label.	Blues...?	String Trio of New York
performer	The Belle Album is a studio album by soul musician Al Green.	The Belle Album	Al Green
performer	``Season's Call'' is the Japanese singer, Hyde's seventh single and second single from his album Faith.	Season's Call	Hyde
performer	The Fashion Focus was the fourth full-length album released by Starflyer 59.	The Fashion Focus	Starflyer 59
performer	``Me Love'' is the second single by Sean Kingston from his debut album Sean Kingston.	Me Love	Sean Kingston
performer	``She's Got All the Friends That Money Can Buy'' is the only single from Chumbawamba's album WYSIWYG.	She's Got All the Friends That Money Can Buy	Chumbawamba
performer	Into Glory Ride is Manowar's second studio album and the first to feature drummer Scott Columbus.	Into Glory Ride	Manowar
performer	Nueva Ilussion (Eng.: New Illusion) is the first studio album released by Mexican band Majestad de la Sierra.	Nueva Ilussion	Majestad de la Sierra
performer	You Gotta Believe is the second and final album by American hip hop group, Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch (Mark would go on to make two albums with reggae artist Prince Ital Joe without the Funky Bunch before later going on to become an actor).	You Gotta Believe	Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch
performer	Came a Long Way is the tenth full-length album released by Haystak on July 21, 2009.	Came a Long Way	Haystak
performer	If They Knew is the debut album by Australian singer and DJ Kaz James.	If They Knew	Kaz James
performer	``See That My Grave Is Kept Clean'' is a blues song recorded by Blind Lemon Jefferson in 1927 that became ``one of his most famous compositions''.	See That My Grave Is Kept Clean	Blind Lemon Jefferson
performer	A cover version of ``Crying Time'' was then recorded by R&B singer Ray Charles, and his version proved to be a hit.	Crying Time	Ray Charles
performer	``Destroy Everything You Touch'' is the second single from the album Witching Hour by electronic music band Ladytron.	Destroy Everything You Touch	Ladytron
performer	Miłość, muzyka, mordobicie (Polish Love, music, brawl) is the third studio album of Polish punk rock band Big Cyc, released in 1992.	Miłość, muzyka, mordobicie	Big Cyc
performer	Return to the Centre of the Earth is a 1999 concept album by Rick Wakeman.	Return to the Centre of the Earth	Rick Wakeman
performer	``Secret of My Heart'' is Mai Kuraki's 3rd single, released on April 26, 2000.	Secret of My Heart	Mai Kuraki
performer	Solstice of Oppression is the first studio release by technical death metal band Oppressor.	Solstice of Oppression	Oppressor
performer	Ten of Songs is a folk album released in 1988 by Robin Williamson.	Ten of Songs	Robin Williamson
performer	The Closing Chronicles (subtitled: The Breathing Shadow II) is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive/AOR metal/rock band Nightingale, released by Black Mark Production in 1996.	The Closing Chronicles	Nightingale
performer	``Megarama '89'' is a megamix of songs by English girl group Bananarama.	Megarama '89	Bananarama
performer	Gottle O'Geer (credited to ``Fairport'' and to ``Fairport Featuring Dave Swarbrick'' in the US) is the eleventh studio album by English folk rock band Fairport Convention.	Gottle O'Geer	Fairport Convention
performer	Friends of Hell is the second studio album by the British doom metal band Witchfinder General.	Friends of Hell	Witchfinder General
performer	Down Upbeat is 12th album by Casiopea, recorded and released in 1984.	Down Upbeat	Casiopea
performer	Still Feel Gone is the second album by American alternative country pioneers Uncle Tupelo.	Still Feel Gone	Uncle Tupelo
performer	``So Macho'' is a pop song by American-British singer Sinitta.	So Macho	Sinitta
performer	Kl. 10 is a song by Danish singer Medina from her third studio album For altid.	Kl. 10	Medina
performer	Sauf si l'amour... is a 2005 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine.	Sauf si l'amour...	Roch Voisine
performer	Llenandose de gusanos is the second full-length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted.	Llenandose de gusanos	Corrupted
performer	Both Worlds *69 is the second solo album by Gangsta Boo.	Both Worlds *69	Gangsta Boo
performer	``The Vulture (Acts I & II)'' is a song by the British hardcore punk band Gallows, released as the first single from their second album, Grey Britain.	The Vulture (Acts I & II)	Gallows
performer	Some Kinda Fun is the third studio album by Teenage Head, released in 1982.	Some Kinda Fun	Teenage Head
performer	Habeat (Arabic: حبيت‎, English: I Fell in Love) is a 2009 album by Sherine.	Habeat	Sherine
performer	``We'll Be Coming Back'' is a song by Scottish record producer Calvin Harris, featuring English singer Example.	We'll Be Coming Back	Calvin Harris	Example
performer	Cosa Nuestra is an album by Willie Colón featuring Héctor Lavoe.	Cosa Nuestra	Willie Colón
performer	``Little Talks'' is the debut single by Icelandic indie folk/indie pop rock band Of Monsters and Men.	Little Talks	Of Monsters and Men
performer	``Body 2 Body'' is the third official single from rapper Ace Hood from his third album Blood, Sweat & Tears.	Body 2 Body	Ace Hood
performer	Wild as the Wind is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Patricia Conroy.	Wild as the Wind	Patricia Conroy
performer	Six String Prayers is the first collaboration between Bob Bennett and John Standefer.	Six String Prayers	Bob Bennett
performer	Be Used To (Chinese: 習慣) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Genie Chuo's (Chinese: 卓文萱) second Mandarin studio album.	Be Used To	Genie Chuo
performer	Attitude Adjuster is the twelfth studio album by rapper Pastor Troy, released on February 19, 2008.	Attitude Adjuster	Pastor Troy
performer	Twilight Dementia is the first live album by English power metal band DragonForce, released in Japan on 8 September 2010, the United Kingdom on 13 September and in the United States on September 14.	Twilight Dementia	DragonForce
performer	``Big Bad Mamma'' is a single by American rapper Foxy Brown and American R&B group Dru Hill from the soundtrack to the 1997 film, How to Be a Player.	Big Bad Mamma	Foxy Brown	Dru Hill
performer	Straight Out of Hell is the fourteenth studio album by German power metal band Helloween.	Straight Out of Hell	Helloween
performer	Ma Kelly's Greasy Spoon is the third album by English rock band Status Quo.	Ma Kelly's Greasy Spoon	Status Quo
performer	Scarsick is the sixth studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Pain of Salvation, released on January 22, 2007.	Scarsick	Pain of Salvation
performer	``Thanks to You'' is a 1982 dance single by Sinnamon, an East Coast-based female vocal trio.	Thanks to You	Sinnamon
performer	``Seasons in the Sun'' is an English-language adaptation of the song ``Le Moribond'' by Belgian singer-songwriter Jacques Brel with lyrics by American singer-poet Rod McKuen.	Seasons in the Sun	Jacques Brel
performer	Liberal Animation is the debut album by the American punk rock band NOFX.	Liberal Animation	NOFX
performer	GRRR! is a greatest hits album by The Rolling Stones.	GRRR!	The Rolling Stones
performer	``Something in Your Mouth'' is the second single and 1st promotional single released from Canadian rock band Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse.	Something in Your Mouth	Nickelback
performer	``Put the Needle on It'' is a song performed by Australian singer Dannii Minogue, which was written by Minogue, Mathias Johansson, Henrik Korpi and Karen Poole for Minogue's fourth album Neon Nights (2003).	Put the Needle on It	Dannii Minogue
performer	MaMaSé! is the tenth studio album by the Belgian-Dutch girlgroup K3.	MaMaSé!	K3
performer	``Matthew and Son'' is a single written, composed, and performed by Cat Stevens.	Matthew and Son	Cat Stevens
performer	``Miss P.'' (an abbreviation to ``Miss Pimp'') is a song by Cherish, released as their debut single soon after they made their musical debut alongside Da Brat in her single, ``In Luv Wit Chu''.	Miss P.	Cherish	Da Brat
performer	Mo'hogany is the second album by R&B singer Monifah.	Mo'hogany	Monifah
performer	``Gertcha'' is a song from Chas & Dave's 1979 album Don't Give a Monkey's, which was released as a single in May 1979 and entered the UK Singles Chart at #67.	Gertcha	Chas & Dave
performer	Bone Palace Ballet is the second album by American post-hardcore band Chiodos, released on September 4, 2007.	Bone Palace Ballet	Chiodos
performer	Carbon Stereoxide is the Eraserheads' seventh and final studio album.	Carbon Stereoxide	Eraserheads
performer	``A Little More Country Than That'' is a debut song written by Joey + Rory's Rory Lee Feek, Wynn Varble and Don Poythress, and recorded by American country music artist Easton Corbin.	A Little More Country Than That	Easton Corbin
performer	Vesper Belle released August 2011 is the debut album by Shreveport Water Pop band Super Water Sympathy	Vesper Belle	Super Water Sympathy
performer	``My Immortal'' is a song by American rock band Evanescence from their debut studio album Fallen (2003).	My Immortal	Evanescence
performer	``Pictures of Matchstick Men'' is the first hit single by Status Quo, released in November 1967.	Pictures of Matchstick Men	Status Quo
performer	Ai ga Yobu Hō e (愛が呼ぶほうへ) (English: Toward love calls) is the thirteenth single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Ai ga Yobu Hō e	Porno Graffitti
performer	``Love You Only'' is the debut single by the Japanese band Tokio and was released on September 21, 1994.	Love You Only	Tokio
performer	Rarities 1979-1981 was the digital release by the Southern Californian punk rock band Cardiac Kidz of the vinyl LP released by Rave-Up records in 2009.	Rarities 1979-1981	Cardiac Kidz
performer	``Crazy Arms'' is an American country song recorded by Ray Price.	Crazy Arms	Ray Price
performer	``I Won't Change You'' is a pop song written by Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Gregg Alexander and Matt Rowe for Ellis-Bextor's second album Shoot from the Hip.	I Won't Change You	Sophie Ellis-Bextor
performer	``Diamond Smiles'' was the second single from The Boomtown Rats' album The Fine Art of Surfacing.	Diamond Smiles	The Boomtown Rats
performer	The North Sea Scrolls is a collaborative project from Luke Haines, Cathal Coughlan, and Andrew Mueller which was performed live in 2011, with an album following in 2012.	The North Sea Scrolls	Luke Haines
performer	Spiritual Minded is rapper KRS-One's fifth official album.	Spiritual Minded	KRS-One
performer	Into the Mirror Black is the second album by the band Sanctuary, released in 1989 in Europe and on February 27, 1990 in North America.	Into the Mirror Black	Sanctuary
performer	Close as You Get is a 2007 album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer Gary Moore.	Close as You Get	Gary Moore
performer	``Don't Hide Your Love'' is a song released by American singer-actress Cher as the second single released from the album Foxy Lady.	Don't Hide Your Love	Cher
performer	Street Poetry is the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks' seventh studio album.	Street Poetry	Hanoi Rocks
performer	The Professional 2 is the second studio album released and produced by DJ Clue?.	The Professional 2	DJ Clue
performer	An Accidental Memory in the Case of Death is the second album from Portland, Oregon ambient musician Matthew Cooper, under the name Eluvium.	An Accidental Memory in the Case of Death	Eluvium
performer	Joe's Garage is a 1979 rock opera by Frank Zappa.	Joe's Garage	Frank Zappa
performer	``Answering Bell'' is a song by alt-country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams from his 2001 album Gold.	Answering Bell	Ryan Adams
performer	F-Punk is a studio album by Mick Jones' post-Clash band Big Audio Dynamite.	F-Punk	Big Audio Dynamite
performer	``I've Gotta Get a Message to You'' is a rock ballad by the Bee Gees.	I've Gotta Get a Message to You	Bee Gees
performer	``Nazad u veliki prljavi grad'' (trans. ``Back to the Big Dirty City'') is a single from influential Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.	Nazad u veliki prljavi grad	Riblja Čorba
performer	Change Everything is the third studio album by Del Amitri, released on 9 June 1992.	Change Everything	Del Amitri
performer	Iparhi Logos (Greek: Υπάρχει Λόγος, English: There is a reason) is Greek singer Elena Paparizou's second studio album, released on 12 April 2006.	Iparhi Logos	Elena Paparizou
performer	``True Blue Love'' is a single by Lou Gramm, from his second solo album Long Hard Look, released in 1989 (See 1989 in music).	True Blue Love	Lou Gramm
performer	Modern Rocking is a solo album by Polish singer Agnieszka Chylińska.	Modern Rocking	Agnieszka Chylińska
performer	``Working My Way Back to You'' is a song made popular by The Four Seasons in 1966 and The Spinners in 1979.	Working My Way Back to You	The Four Seasons
performer	Coloring Stephy is an album by Stephy Tang, and it was released on August 5, 2005.	Coloring Stephy	Stephy Tang
performer	Más Grande Que Tú is the debut album by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito.	Más Grande Que Tú	Miguelito
performer	Yine Sensiz is the 1992 album of the Turkish pop singer Tarkan Tevetoğlu.	Yine Sensiz	Tarkan
performer	Earth Run is a 1986 album by American Guitarist Lee Ritenour released in 1986 on the GRP label.	Earth Run	Lee Ritenour
performer	When I Was Born for the 7th Time is the third studio album by the British indie rock band Cornershop, released on September 8, 1997 by Wiiija.	When I Was Born for the 7th Time	Cornershop
performer	Pieces of the People We Love is the second full-length album by dance-punk band The Rapture.	Pieces of the People We Love	The Rapture
performer	Virgem (in English: ``Virgin'') is an album by the Brazilian singer Marina Lima, released in 1987.	Virgem	Marina Lima
performer	The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache (full title The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache (And Other Frightening Tales...)) is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter and musician Jason Reeves.	The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache	Jason Reeves
performer	On the Night is the second live album by the British rock band Dire Straits, released on 10 May 1993 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.	On the Night	Dire Straits
performer	Dances and Ballads was the eighth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet, released in 1988 and featuring performances by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray.	Dances and Ballads	World Saxophone Quartet
performer	``Meet Her at the Love Parade'' is a song recorded by the German artist Da Hool.	Meet Her at the Love Parade	Da Hool
performer	Spazchow is the second album of novelty rock group Barnes & Barnes.	Spazchow	Barnes & Barnes
performer	``My 16th Apology'' is a song by UK pop act Shakespears Sister, released in early 1993 as the fifth and final single from their studio album Hormonally Yours.	My 16th Apology	Shakespears Sister
performer	Your Soft Eyes is an album by American jazz pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1981 and released on the Soul Note label.	Your Soft Eyes	Kenny Drew
performer	``You Shook Me'' is a 1962 blues song recorded by Chicago blues artist Muddy Waters.	You Shook Me	Muddy Waters
performer	In My Element is an album by jazz pianist and composer Robert Glasper, released on the Blue Note label.	In My Element	Robert Glasper
performer	``Betty's Bein' Bad'' is a song written by Marshall Chapman and recorded by the American country music group Sawyer Brown.	Betty's Bein' Bad	Sawyer Brown
performer	Pequeño is the second album of the solo artist Enrique Bunbury made in 1999.	Pequeño	Enrique Bunbury
performer	``Oh How She Changed'' is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins and Tony Hooper.	Oh How She Changed	Strawbs
performer	``Lights of Cincinnati'' is a song written by the English songwriters Tony Macaulay and Geoff Stephens which was first a song for the American singer-songwriter Scott Walker in 1969.	Lights of Cincinnati	Scott Walker
performer	Well-Deserved Obscurity is the third studio album by the American country music duo The Warren Brothers.	Well-Deserved Obscurity	The Warren Brothers
performer	``I Got Stung'' is an upbeat, bouncy rock and roll song written by Aaron Schroeder and David Hill and performed by Elvis Presley, which was recorded and released in 1958.	I Got Stung	Elvis Presley
performer	Bayreuth 1 is the eighth studio album by Joachim Witt that was released May 4, 1998.	Bayreuth 1	Joachim Witt
performer	Smyrneika Ke Laika (Greek: Σμυρναίικα και λαϊκά) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos.	Smyrneika Ke Laika	Tolis Voskopoulos
performer	``Only the World'' is the debut single from American Idol finalist, Mandisa, from her True Beauty album.	Only the World	Mandisa
performer	One Entrance, Many Exits is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1982 and released by the Palo Alto label.	One Entrance, Many Exits	Mal Waldron
performer	She Who Weeps is the fifth studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson.	She Who Weeps	Cassandra Wilson
performer	``Hear the Drummer (Get Wicked)'' is a song by English DJ Chad Jackson, released in 1990.	Hear the Drummer (Get Wicked)	Chad Jackson
performer	The All Seeing Eye is the ninth jazz album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter, recorded on October 15, 1965, and released on the Blue Note label in 1966 as BLP 4219 and BST 84219.	The All Seeing Eye	Wayne Shorter
performer	``We Just Wanna Party with You'' is the European single from producer Jermaine Dupri and rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg that can be heard on the Men in Black soundtrack compilation album released in 1997.	We Just Wanna Party with You	Jermaine Dupri
performer	Diary of an Afro Warrior is the second album by dubstep producer Benga.	Diary of an Afro Warrior	Benga
performer	Ivory Forest is a recording by a quartet led by pianist Hal Galper.	Ivory Forest	Hal Galper
performer	``I Need You for Christmas'' is a promotional song recorded by Romanian dance/pop vocalist Inna from her Christmas compilation album I Need You For Christmas (2009).	I Need You for Christmas	Inna
performer	``Get It Shawty'' is a song by American R&B artist Lloyd.	Get It Shawty	Lloyd
performer	Possibilities is the forty-fifth studio album by American jazz musician Herbie Hancock, released in the United States on August 30, 2005 by Vector Recordings.	Possibilities	Herbie Hancock
performer	Sacred Space Music is the third album of new-age composer Constance Demby.	Sacred Space Music	Constance Demby
performer	D.I.R.T. (Da Incredible Rap Team) is the third and final studio album by hip hop duo Heltah Skeltah, consisting of Rock and Sean Price (formerly known as Ruck).	D.I.R.T.	Heltah Skeltah
performer	``Black Fender'' is an English language single by Swedish singer Hans Edler done as a tribute to Ricky Nelson.	Black Fender	Hans Edler
performer	``Why Can't It Wait 'Til Morning'' is a song by Phil Collins from his second solo album Hello, I Must Be Going!.	Why Can't It Wait 'Til Morning	Phil Collins
performer	``Somewhere Only We Know'' is a song performed and composed by English alternative rock band Keane, officially released as their third commercial single, and appearing as the opening track of their debut studio album, Hopes and Fears (2004) as the first single.	Somewhere Only We Know	Keane
performer	Hardt Regn (Hard Rain) is the third studio album by Norwegian hard rock group Skambankt.	Hardt Regn	Skambankt
performer	Songs in A&E is the sixth studio album by English rock band Spiritualized and is their first since 2003's Amazing Grace.	Songs in A&E	Spiritualized
performer	``Grindin''' is the first single from the Virginia Beach rap duo Clipse.	Grindin'	Clipse
performer	``Giving You Up'' is a song by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue from her greatest album Ultimate Kylie (2004).	Giving You Up	Kylie Minogue
performer	``Sad Tango'' marks Rain's (or ピ in Japanese) debut single throughout Japan.	Sad Tango	Rain
performer	``Bad for Me'' is a debut single by the American pop duo Megan and Liz, released on July 31, 2012.	Bad for Me	Megan and Liz
performer	``Electron Blue'' is a song by American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was released as the third single from their thirteenth studio album Around the Sun on February 28, 2005.	Electron Blue	R.E.M.
performer	Yes and Also Yes is Mike Doughty's fourth proper studio album.	Yes and Also Yes	Mike Doughty
performer	``Surfer's Hymn'' is the final single from Panda Bear's fourth solo album, Tomboy.	Surfer's Hymn	Panda Bear
performer	I Woke Up is the twenty-sixth album by Jandek and his only release of 1997.	I Woke Up	Jandek
performer	``Ai Giri Giri'' (愛・GIRI GIRI, lit. ``Love Giri Giri'') is Pink Lady's 17th single, and their first single not to reach the top 40.	Ai Giri Giri	Pink Lady
performer	``If You Want Me to Stay'' is a 1973 hit single by Sly and the Family Stone, from their album Fresh.	If You Want Me to Stay	Sly and the Family Stone
performer	``Feel the Beat'' is a 2000 song by Finnish DJ Darude.	Feel the Beat	Darude
performer	Roots of the Balkan is the 15th album by Ensemble Renaissance, released in 2002 on the Classic Produktion Osnabrück label in Germany and Serbia.	Roots of the Balkan	Ensemble Renaissance
performer	``Party Train'' is a 1983 song by The Gap Band, released on their seventh album, Gap Band V:	Party Train	The Gap Band
performer	``Rock'n Roll Band'' is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA (then credited as ``Björn & Benny with Anna & Frida'') from the album Ring Ring.	Rock'n Roll Band	ABBA
performer	Come Morning We Fight is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Brigade, released on 12 May 2008 on Caned & Able Records.	Come Morning We Fight	Brigade
performer	Jesse Boykins III's The Beauty Created LP is an opus of new classics that inspire the excitement of infatuation, the wistfulness of summer romance and the nostalgia of a Spike Lee joint.	The Beauty Created LP	Jesse Boykins III
performer	Hyvästi, Dolores Haze, released in 2010, is Johanna Kurkela's fourth studio album.	Hyvästi, Dolores Haze	Johanna Kurkela
performer	``Brand Suid-Afrika'', which can directly be translated to ``Burn South Africa,'' is a 4-track EP by South African punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar.	Brand Suid-Afrika	Fokofpolisiekar
performer	``Will It Go Round in Circles'' is a song written by Bruce Fisher and Billy Preston, and recorded by Preston for his 1972 album Music Is My Life.	Will It Go Round in Circles	Billy Preston
performer	Ital Dub is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and sees Tommy Cowan and Warwick Lyn replacing Clive Chin on production duties.	Ital Dub	Augustus Pablo
performer	Dulce y salado (English Sweet and salty) is the 18th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.	Dulce y salado	Ana Gabriel
performer	Jazz 'Round the World is an album by American jazz multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef featuring performances recorded in 1963 for the Impulse! label.	Jazz 'Round the World	Yusef Lateef
performer	Hell of a Collection (stylized Hellofacollection, as one word) is the first compilation album by the Finnish band The Rasmus, released in 2001 by Warner Music Finland.	Hell of a Collection	The Rasmus
performer	Methods of Execution is the third and latest full-length album by Brodequin.	Methods of Execution	Brodequin
performer	Primal Rock Therapy was the only studio album by Seattle grunge band Blood Circus.	Primal Rock Therapy	Blood Circus
performer	Hamilton Ironworks is John Hartford's last album, recorded before his death in 2001.	Hamilton Ironworks	John Hartford
performer	Satyajit Eye is a digital audio tape-only (DAT) studio album by Muslimgauze.	Satyajit Eye	Muslimgauze
performer	Bitch Betta Have My Money is the debut album by American rapper AMG, released in 1991.	Bitch Betta Have My Money	AMG
performer	Flush the Fashion is the twelfth studio album by Alice Cooper, released in 1980, and produced by Roy Thomas Baker.	Flush the Fashion	Alice Cooper
performer	O Canto da Cidade (Portuguese for The chant of the town) is the second album by Brazilian axé/MPB singer Daniela Mercury, released in 1992 in Brazil and on March 23, 1993 in North America and Europe through Sony Music.	O Canto da Cidade	Daniela Mercury
performer	Krankhaus (comes from ``Krankenhaus'' which is German for Hospital) is the debut studio album by Australian electro-industrial band Angelspit.	Krankhaus	Angelspit
performer	Swing Out Sister's sixth album, Filth and Dreams, was released in Japan in March 1999, and it remains the only album not released in any other country.	Filth and Dreams	Swing Out Sister
performer	``The Little Black Egg'' is a song first performed by Daytona Beach, Florida garage band The Nightcrawlers in 1965.	The Little Black Egg	The Nightcrawlers
performer	Bir Dilek Tut Benim İçin (English: Make a Wish for Me) is İzel's sixth studio album.	Bir Dilek Tut Benim İçin	İzel
performer	Tiefer (German for deeper) is the third and final studio album by the pop rock band Lucilectric.	Tiefer	Lucilectric
performer	Memphis Two-Step is a 1971 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann.	Memphis Two-Step	Herbie Mann
performer	``Born in '69'' is a song by the American alternative rock band Rocket from the Crypt, released as the first single from their 1995 album Scream, Dracula, Scream!	Born in '69	Rocket from the Crypt
performer	Fuck the Kids is a 7`` EP by NOFX.	Fuck the Kids	NOFX
performer	Enkeleitä onko heitä is the fourth solo studio album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo.	Enkeleitä onko heitä	Aki Sirkesalo
performer	A Southern Revelation is the seventh studio album by the Los Angeles-based metal band My Ruin, released as a free download from their bandcamp page.	A Southern Revelation	My Ruin
performer	Calling Down the Sky (2004) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich.	Calling Down the Sky	Robert Rich
performer	In a Romantic Mood is a 1955 album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by an orchestra arranged by Russ Garcia.	In a Romantic Mood	Oscar Peterson
performer	Fore! is the fourth studio album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News, released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).	Fore!	Huey Lewis and the News
performer	Meredead is the fourth studio album by the German/Norwegian symphonic metal band Leaves' Eyes.	Meredead	Leaves' Eyes
performer	How You Sell Soul to a Soulless People Who Sold Their Soul??? is the tenth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy, released August 7, 2007 on Slam Jamz Recordings in the United States.	How You Sell Soul to a Soulless People Who Sold Their Soul?	Public Enemy
performer	Rage of Reason is a single by the Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania from their 2007 album Distractive Killusions.	Rage of Reason	Vesania
performer	Fruity Killer Tune is the third album from the J-pop group Melon Kinenbi.	Fruity Killer Tune	Melon Kinenbi
performer	``Toxic Girl'' is a single by the Norwegian indie rock duo Kings of Convenience.	Toxic Girl	Kings of Convenience
performer	``I Keep Forgettin' (Every Time You're Near)'' (also known as ``I Keep Forgettin''') is a song by American singer-songwriter Michael McDonald, from his debut album If That's What It Takes.	I Keep Forgettin' (Every Time You're Near)	Michael McDonald
performer	Carla's Christmas Carols is an album of Christmas carols arranged by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with bassist Steve Swallow and the Partyka Brass Quintet recorded in France in 2008 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 2009.	Carla's Christmas Carols	Carla Bley
performer	Into the Morning is the third full-length studio album released by Ben Rector on his own label:	Into the Morning	Ben Rector
performer	Truckin' Up to Buffalo is a double CD soundtrack to the DVD video of the same name by the Grateful Dead.	Truckin' Up to Buffalo	Grateful Dead
performer	The Fun Makers is the debut album by the Israeli rock band, Izabo, released in December 9, 2003.	The Fun Makers	Izabo
performer	Passion Guitars is a studio album by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli containing swing and Latin jazz standards.	Passion Guitars	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	This One's for Blanton! is a studio album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington duetting with Ray Brown recorded in December 1972 and released on the Pablo label.	This One's for Blanton!	Duke Ellington
performer	Polka Party! is the fourth studio album by ``Weird Al'' Yankovic, released in 1986.	Polka Party!	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	``Like Humans Do'' is the fourth track from David Byrne's 2001 album Look into the Eyeball and was also released as a single that year.	Like Humans Do	David Byrne
performer	``Shake Your Head'' is a song by the band Was (Not Was).	Shake Your Head	Was (Not Was
performer	Mellow Gold is the official debut studio album and third album overall by American alternative rock musician Beck, and also his major label debut.	Mellow Gold	Beck
performer	``Say Something Anyway'' was the Irish girl group Bellefire's first single release of their comeback as a 3-piece, after being signed by WEA.	Say Something Anyway	Bellefire
performer	Vrienden (English: ``Friends'') is a studio album by Dutch artist Jan Smit.	Vrienden	Jan Smit
performer	``Slateman'' is a song by industrial metal band Godflesh.	Slateman	Godflesh
performer	``Tanzverbot (Schill to Hell)'' (Dance ban) is a song by the German hip-hop group Fettes Brot and rock musician Bela B..	Tanzverbot (Schill to Hell)	Fettes Brot	Bela B.
performer	Whisper Not is a 1967 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald, with the Marty Paich Orchestra.	Whisper Not	Ella Fitzgerald
performer	Ono što te ne ubije, to te osakati (The Thing That Does Not Kill You, Makes You Stultified) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor, released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije! in 2004.	Ono što te ne ubije, to te osakati	Goribor
performer	Stolen & Contaminated Songs was the first of two albums recorded and produced by the band Coil in 1992.	Stolen & Contaminated Songs	Coil
performer	``An Old Fashioned Love Song'' is a 1971 song by the American pop-rock band Three Dog Night.	An Old Fashioned Love Song	Three Dog Night
performer	Malevolent Rapture is a 2006 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned.	Malevolent Rapture	Legion of the Damned
performer	``Afro-Left'' is a song by Leftfield, released as their seventh single.	Afro-Left	Leftfield
performer	Rough House Blues is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Cadet label in 1964 and performed Donaldson with Dave Burns, Ernie Royal, Phil Woods, Bob Ashton, Danny Bank, Lloyd Mayers Jr., Richard Davis, and Grady Tate, conducted and arranged by Oliver Nelson.	Rough House Blues	Lou Donaldson
performer	A New Dope is the fourth studio album by Boston underground hip hop duo 7L & Esoteric.	A New Dope	7L & Esoteric
performer	The Carbon Copy Silver Lining is the independent debut album of the Texas-based progressive rock band Fair to Midland.	The Carbon Copy Silver Lining	Fair to Midland
performer	``I'm on a Boat'' is a single from The Lonely Island's debut album Incredibad.	I'm on a Boat	The Lonely Island
performer	``You Don't Miss Your Water'' is a soul song and the debut single written and recorded by American singer William Bell.	You Don't Miss Your Water	William Bell
performer	``'Til Tomorrow'' is a 1982 R&B/Soul quiet storm-styled song recorded by American singer Marvin Gaye.	'Til Tomorrow	Marvin Gaye
performer	Aria of the Devil is the second of two studio albums by Theatre of Hate released posthumously after the band's dissolution in 1983.	Aria of the Devil	Theatre of Hate
performer	``The Prettiest Star'' is a song by David Bowie, originally released as a single in March 1970.	The Prettiest Star	David Bowie
performer	``It's Tricky'' is the final single released from Run-- D.M.C.'s third album, Raising Hell.	It's Tricky	Run-- D.M.C.
performer	B Album is the second studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids.	B Album	KinKi Kids
performer	``El Questro'' is a single by Downsyde from the group's second album, Land of the Giants.	El Questro	Downsyde
performer	Huellas (English: Traces) is the 17th studio album by Mexican pop singer Yuri.	Huellas	Yuri
performer	Fuck Me Jesus is the first demo by Swedish black metal band Marduk.	Fuck Me Jesus	Marduk
performer	The Killera Sword is an Demo album of Brazilian heavy metal band Viper, released in 1985.	The Killera Sword	Viper
performer	A Taste of Extreme Divinity is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy.	A Taste of Extreme Divinity	Hypocrisy
performer	Glamorest Life is the third studio album by American rapper Trina, and was released on October 4, 2005.	Glamorest Life	Trina
performer	The Irish Connection is fourth studio album released by Irish singer-songwriter, Brian McFadden.	The Irish Connection	Brian McFadden
performer	``Don't Stop Me Now'' is a song by the British rock band Queen, featured on their 1978 album Jazz that was released as a single in 1979.	Don't Stop Me Now	Queen
performer	``2 in the Morning'' is the fourth single and the third U.S. single release from pop group New Kids on the Block's sixth studio album, The Block.	2 in the Morning	New Kids on the Block
performer	Roll Over, Baby is the fifth studio album released by blues guitarist, Guitar Shorty (David Kearney).	Roll Over, Baby	Guitar Shorty
performer	Somos unos Animales is the second studio album by the Spanish hard rock band Extremoduro recorded in two weeks and released under the Pasión-Área Creativa label on July 1991.	Somos unos Animales	Extremoduro
performer	``We'll Be Alright'' is the third single from Travie McCoy's debut solo album Lazarus.	We'll Be Alright	Travie McCoy
performer	Pop Crimes is a 2009 solo album by Australian musician Rowland S. Howard.	Pop Crimes	Rowland S. Howard
performer	``Say It's Possible'' is Terra Naomi's first single and first solo release on a major label.	Say It's Possible	Terra Naomi
performer	Both Sides of the Gun, is a Ben Harper album released in 2006.	Both Sides of the Gun	Ben Harper
performer	``Poso M'Aresei'' (Greek: Πόσο μ' αρέσει; English: How much I like) is a pop different song by the Greek-Swedish singer Elena Paparizou.	Poso M'Aresei	Elena Paparizou
performer	``Everything You Wanted'' is a song by Kele Okereke, lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the band Bloc Party.	Everything You Wanted	Kele Okereke
performer	Randy in Brasil is an album by Randy Brecker, released through Mama Records on September 9, 2008.	Randy in Brasil	Randy Brecker
performer	The Funeral of Being is a 2003 album by the American black metal band Xasthur.	The Funeral of Being	Xasthur
performer	Between a Rock and a Hard Place was the final studio album from Australian rock band Australian Crawl.	Between a Rock and a Hard Place	Australian Crawl
performer	``Speak to Me'' is the first track by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd's 1973 album, The Dark Side of the Moon, on which it forms an overture.	Speak to Me	Pink Floyd
performer	The Bedlam in Goliath is the fourth studio album by the American progressive rock band The Mars Volta, released on January 29, 2008 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Motown Records.	The Bedlam in Goliath	The Mars Volta
performer	Love Storm is the fifth album by American soul/R&B group Tavares, and the second to be produced by Freddie Perren, released in 1977 on the Capitol label.	Love Storm	Tavares
performer	Hatebreeder is the second studio album by Finnish metal band Children of Bodom.	Hatebreeder	Children of Bodom
performer	``Love School'' is a song by Australian rock duo Divinyls, released in April 1991 from their fourth and most successful self titled album.	Love School	Divinyls
performer	Future Girls is the second album by Swedish pop/bubblegum dance group Smile.dk, released in 2000.	Future Girls	Smile.dk
performer	Happiness and Surrounding Suburbs is the debut studio album by Australian indie pop band Ball Park Music.	Happiness and Surrounding Suburbs	Ball Park Music
performer	``Search for the Hero'' is the third single (remixed) from Bizarre Fruit (1994), the multi-platinum selling album from M People.	Search for the Hero	M People
performer	``Looking Through Patient Eyes'' is a song by American hip hop/R&B group P.M. Dawn.	Looking Through Patient Eyes	P.M. Dawn
performer	Let Us Play! is the fourth album by Coldcut, released on 8 September 1997.	Let Us Play!	Coldcut
performer	When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold is the fifth studio album by the Minneapolis hip hop group Atmosphere.	When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold	Atmosphere
performer	Funky Man is a single by Dee Dee King, the rapper alias of Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone.	Funky Man	Dee Dee Ramone
performer	``Is She Really Going Out with Him?'' is the first single released by British musician Joe Jackson in September 1978.	Is She Really Going Out with Him?	Joe Jackson
performer	``Pretty Girl Rock'' is a song by American R&B recording artist Keri Hilson, taken from her second studio album, No Boys Allowed (2010).	Pretty Girl Rock	Keri Hilson
performer	``In a Sentimental Mood'' is a jazz composition by Duke Ellington which is also performed as a song.	In a Sentimental Mood	Duke Ellington
performer	``Strawberry Kisses'' is a pop song written by Jeff Franzel, Andy Marvel and Marjorie Maye, produced by Chong Lim for Nikki Webster's first album Follow Your Heart (2001).	Strawberry Kisses	Nikki Webster
performer	Long Line of Heartaches is the thirty fourth studio album by American country artist Connie Smith.	Long Line of Heartaches	Connie Smith
performer	Gentle Creatures is a 1995 album by the band Tarnation (Paula Frazer, Lincoln Allen, Michelle Cernuto and Matt Wendell Sullivan).	Gentle Creatures	Tarnation
performer	The BDI Thug is the solo debut from hip-hop artist Buckshot of the group Black Moon, and the collective Boot Camp Clik.	The BDI Thug	Buckshot
performer	``I denna natt blir världen ny'' is a song by the Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist.	I denna natt blir världen ny	Carola Häggkvist
performer	Hundred Year Flood is the fourth studio album by the progressive metal/rock band Magellan.	Hundred Year Flood	Magellan
performer	Don't Do Anything is the eleventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Sam Phillips.	Don't Do Anything	Sam Phillips
performer	Originally ``Got 2 Be Down'' was expected to be the 3rd single but due to Faith Evans' pregnancy plans the release for the single were put on hold.	Got 2 Be Down	Faith Evans
performer	Nowhere Left to Hide is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Juke Kartel, released through Emporium Music on 3 April 2009.	Nowhere Left to Hide	Juke Kartel
performer	``Le Manège'' is a 2007 song recorded by French singer and composer Stanislas.	Le Manège	Stanislas
performer	``You on My Mind'' is a song by the British pop group Swing Out Sister.	You on My Mind	Swing Out Sister
performer	Rare Bird Alert is a 2011 bluegrass album by Steve Martin and the Steep Canyon Rangers, featuring guest appearances by Paul McCartney and The Dixie Chicks.	Rare Bird Alert	Steve Martin
performer	When Disaster Strikes... is the second studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes, released by Elektra on September 16, 1997.	When Disaster Strikes...	Busta Rhymes
performer	Somewhere We Both Walk is a second self-released work from Maine's Nesey Gallons.	Somewhere We Both Walk	Nesey Gallons
performer	Queens and Kings is the fifth album released by Romanian twelve-piece Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia.	Queens and Kings	Fanfare Ciocărlia
performer	Dogatana is a 1981 album by Japanese jazz guitarist Kazumi Watanabe.	Dogatana	Kazumi Watanabe
performer	``Lonely Teardrops'' is a song recorded and released as a single in 1958 by R&B, Soul, and Rock n Roll singer Jackie Wilson on the Brunswick label.	Lonely Teardrops	Jackie Wilson
performer	Section X is a 2005 concept album by Danish Progressive metal band Beyond Twilight.	Section X	Beyond Twilight
performer	Lion of Judas is the second album by deathcore band Elysia.	Lion of Judas	Elysia
performer	``Love Is in Control (Finger on the Trigger)'' is a Grammy-nominated single from Donna Summer's self-titled 1982 album.	Love Is in Control (Finger on the Trigger)	Donna Summer
performer	Beautiful Lumps of Coal is the third album by Christian singer Plumb.	Beautiful Lumps of Coal	Plumb
performer	``Professional Widow'' is a 1996 song written by singer-songwriter Tori Amos.	Professional Widow	Tori Amos
performer	``Foxy, Foxy'' is a non-LP single released by Mott the Hoople in 1974.	Foxy, Foxy	Mott the Hoople
performer	``Give Him Up'' is the second single from Canadian rock band Faber Drive's second album, Can't Keep a Secret.	Give Him Up	Faber Drive
performer	The Best Way to Ruin Your Life is the second EP released by The Chiodos Bros, later known simply as Chiodos.	The Best Way to Ruin Your Life	Chiodos
performer	Liebeslieder Polkas is recording of the music of Peter Schickele under his comic pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach,.	Liebeslieder Polkas	P. D. Q. Bach
performer	Najgori do sada (The Worst Yet) is the third album from Serbian hip-hop band Bad Copy.	Najgori do sada	Bad Copy
performer	``Swimming in Your Ocean'' is a song by Canadian folk-rock group Crash Test Dummies and was the second single from their 1993 album God Shuffled His Feet.	Swimming in Your Ocean	Crash Test Dummies
performer	Édes méreg is the second album from Hungarian singer and Megasztár runner-up Ibolya Oláh.	Édes méreg	Ibolya Oláh
performer	Kelly Gaffney is a fictional character portrayed by Amy Carlson on the television program Law & Order:	Kelly Gaffney	Amy Carlson
performer	``Take You Home'' is a song by British-Norwegian boyband A1, released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Waiting for Daylight.	Take You Home	A1
performer	``Can You Rock It Like This'' is a 1985 single by Run-- D.M.C..	Can You Rock It Like This	Run-- D.M.C.
performer	``Light of a Clear Blue Morning'' is a song written and recorded by American entertainer Dolly Parton.	Light of a Clear Blue Morning	Dolly Parton
performer	``A Million to One'' is a song written by Phil Medley and first recorded by Jimmy Charles on his 1960 album The Age for Love.	A Million to One	Jimmy Charles
performer	My Father Will Guide Me up a Rope to the Sky is the eleventh studio album by Swans released on September 23, 2010; it is their first studio recording in 14 years.	My Father Will Guide Me up a Rope to the Sky	Swans
performer	L'anima vola is the eighth studio album by Italian singer--songwriter Elisa.	L'anima vola	Elisa
performer	The Poor Touring Me Tour was a 1996-1997 concert tour by American heavy metal band Metallica supporting their sixth album Load.	Poor Touring Me	Metallica
performer	``Beat Dis'' is a 1988 track by British act Bomb the Bass, a studio production formed by producer Tim Simenon, from the act's album Into the Dragon.	Beat Dis	Bomb the Bass
performer	A Sun That Never Sets is the seventh studio album from the Californian band Neurosis.	A Sun That Never Sets	Neurosis
performer	Years of Refusal is the ninth studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey.	Years of Refusal	Morrissey
performer	Ten Toes Down is the eighth studio album by American southern hip hop duo 8Ball & MJG.	Ten Toes Down	8Ball & MJG
performer	Standing On My Own is the debut international album by Israeli singer Shiri Maimon, released on January 10, 2008.	Standing On My Own	Shiri Maimon
performer	``Night Changes'' is a song recorded by British-Irish boy-band One Direction.	Night Changes	One Direction
performer	Tim Timebomb is a music project by Tim Armstrong, best known as a member of the punk rock band Rancid.	Tim Timebomb	Tim Armstrong
performer	Metal Jukebox is a cover album by German heavy metal band Helloween.	Metal Jukebox	Helloween
performer	``Mountain Jam'' is an improvised instrumental jam by The Allman Brothers Band.	Mountain Jam	Allman Brothers Band
performer	You've Come This Way Before is a 1968 album by American singer-songwriter Nancy Priddy.	You've Come This Way Before	Nancy Priddy
performer	Break the Border (stylized by the artist as BREAK the BORDER) is the debut album by Swedish singer of Japanese music Yohio, released in Sweden on 27 March 2013 in an English version.	Break the Border	Yohio
performer	Imagine Our Love is a studio album by Los Angeles-based folk band Lavender Diamond.	Imagine Our Love	Lavender Diamond
performer	Hangover Music Vol. VI is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Black Label Society, released April 20, 2004.	Hangover Music Vol. VI	Black Label Society
performer	``While the Earth Sleeps'' is a song written by Eric Mouquet and Michel Sanchez of Deep Forest and Peter Gabriel.	While the Earth Sleeps	Deep Forest	Peter Gabriel
performer	Plaything is a song by American singer Rebbie Jackson, the first single from her third album R U Tuff Enuff.	Plaything	Rebbie Jackson
performer	Realm of Terror is American thrash metal band Merciless Death's second album, released on May 20, 2008 on Heavy Artillery Records.	Realm of Terror	Merciless Death
performer	Vheissu (pronounced ``vee-sue'') is the fourth studio album by Thrice.	Vheissu	Thrice
performer	Söz Vermiş Şarkılar is a tribute album to Murathan Mungan.	Söz Vermiş Şarkılar	Murathan Mungan
performer	Sarah + 2 is a 1962 studio album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.	Sarah + 2	Sarah Vaughan
performer	``Feels Like Fire'' was released in June 2003 as the second single outside the United States from Santana's album Shaman.	Feels Like Fire	Santana
performer	Play Me or Trade Me is the third and final studio album by the P-Funk spin off act Parlet.	Play Me or Trade Me	Parlet
performer	``Mr. Moon'' is a single by New Zealand rock band Headless Chickens released in 1993.	Mr. Moon	Headless Chickens
performer	``Who Wants to Live Forever'' is a song by the British rock band Queen.	Who Wants to Live Forever	Queen
performer	Businessmen & Ghosts is a double album by British band Working for a Nuclear Free City.	Businessmen & Ghosts	Working for a Nuclear Free City
performer	``Brass in Pocket'' (also known as ``Brass in Pocket (I'm Special)'') is a single by The Pretenders.	Brass in Pocket	The Pretenders
performer	Odds & Ends is a collection of unfinished tracks and demo recordings by British pop singer, Dido.	Odds & Ends	Dido
performer	Psycho-Narco is the seventh studio album released by Scottish heavy metal band The Almighty.	Psycho-Narco	The Almighty
performer	Mexican Spaghetti Western is a studio album by Robert Rodriguez's band, Chingon.	Mexican Spaghetti Western	Chingon
performer	``Belle of the Boulevard'' is the lead single by American alternative rock band Dashboard Confessional from their sixth studio album Alter the Ending, the song first appeared on Radio Sophie on September 17, and later the band posted it on their MySpace page on September 21.	Belle of the Boulevard	Dashboard Confessional
performer	Divý mak (Wild Poppy) is the debut album by Slovak vocalist Szidi Tobias released on BMG Ariola in 2001.	Divý mak	Szidi Tobias
performer	Mandarynkowy sen is the second studio album by Polish singer and dancer Mandaryna, released in 2005.	Mandarynkowy sen	Mandaryna
performer	``Barely Breathing'' is the first single from the Gold-plus debut album of American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik.	Barely Breathing	Duncan Sheik
performer	``Love That Man'' is a song by American R&B-pop singer Whitney Houston, released in 2003 and is featured on her album, Just Whitney....	Love That Man	Whitney Houston
performer	``Fotografía'' (English: ``Photograph'') is a song recorded by Juanes and Nelly Furtado for Juanes' second studio album, Un Día Normal (2002).	Fotografía	Nelly Furtado
performer	The Stones Jazz is an album by jazz guitarist Joe Pass, released in 1966.	The Stones Jazz	Joe Pass
performer	Inland Territory is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Vienna Teng.	Inland Territory	Vienna Teng
performer	Del Otro Lado del Sol is the third studio album released in 1991 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona.	Del Otro Lado del Sol	Ricardo Arjona
performer	Before All of This is the title of Ian McNabb's 7th solo album after leaving The Icicle Works.	Before All of This	Ian McNabb
performer	Silueta (English Silhouette) is the 8th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.	Silueta	Ana Gabriel
performer	``I Don't Need No Doctor'' was a hit song written by Nick Ashford, Valerie Simpson and Jo Armstead, and first recorded by Ray Charles in 1966.	I Don't Need No Doctor	Ray Charles
performer	The VIIth Coming is the seventh full-length album by British doom metal band Cathedral.	The VIIth Coming	Cathedral
performer	``She's No You'' is the second single in Jesse McCartney's debut album, Beautiful Soul.	She's No You	Jesse McCartney
performer	Shoot This is the second album by Australian post-grunge band Motor Ace, released in August 2002.	Shoot This	Motor Ace
performer	``When You're Hot, You're Hot'' is a 1971 crossover single, written and recorded by Jerry Reed.	When You're Hot, You're Hot	Jerry Reed
performer	Kick Out the Jams is the debut album by American protopunk band MC5.	Kick Out the Jams	MC5
performer	``Raise Up'' is a song recorded by American rapper Petey Pablo.	Raise Up	Petey Pablo
performer	Goin' Off is the debut studio album by American hip hop musician Biz Markie.	Goin' Off	Biz Markie
performer	``Picture Of My Own'' is the first song and lead single from the first album All 'Bout Smoke 'n Mirrors by the Portuguese band Fingertips.	Picture Of My Own	Fingertips
performer	Gemini Suite Live is a recording of Jon Lord's classical/rock piece Gemini Suite featuring the original Mark II band lineup of Deep Purple, recorded live during this one and only live performance in 1970.	Gemini Suite Live	Deep Purple
performer	Hate Them is the ninth album by Norwegian black metal band, Darkthrone.	Hate Them	Darkthrone
performer	Dreamcrash is the second album by Finland-based band Grave Pleasures (formerly known as Beastmilk).	Dreamcrash	Grave Pleasures
performer	``Love Is the Drug'' is a 1975 single from English rock band Roxy Music's fifth studio album Siren.	Love Is the Drug	Roxy Music
performer	4-Track Mind is the debut studio album by Spencer Gibb, under the pseudonym of Jez Spencer.	4-Track Mind	Jez Spencer
performer	``You Know What'' is the first single off Avant's album Director.	You Know What	Avant
performer	When a Guitar Plays the Blues is a 1985 album by American guitarist and Blues musician Roy Buchanan.	When a Guitar Plays the Blues	Roy Buchanan
performer	Rise Ye Sunken Ships is the debut album of indie rock band Augustines, released under their original band name We Are Augustines.	Rise Ye Sunken Ships	We Are Augustines
performer	The Jesus Record is the ninth and final album by American singer/songwriter Rich Mullins, released posthumously on July 21, 1998, ten months after his death.	The Jesus Record	Rich Mullins
performer	Die Stadt Muzikanten is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock band Woodpigeon, officially released on January 12, 2010.	Die Stadt Muzikanten	Woodpigeon
performer	``Under My Thumb'' is a song written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards for The Rolling Stones.	Under My Thumb	The Rolling Stones
performer	I'm Not That Kind of Girl is a studio album released in 1983 by British singer Marti Webb.	I'm Not That Kind of Girl	Marti Webb
performer	``Every Day Is a Holiday'' is a song written and recorded by American singer Katy Perry.	Every Day Is a Holiday	Katy Perry
performer	Conquering Ruler is a cover album by The Specials, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).	Conquering Ruler	The Specials
performer	Chalice of Steel is a full-length studio album by German metal band Paragon, released in 1999.	Chalice of Steel	Paragon
performer	``Body II Body'' is a song by Samantha Mumba, released as the second single from her album Gotta Tell You in the autumn of 2000.	Body II Body	Samantha Mumba
performer	88 Lines About 44 Women is the name of a hit single by the new wave band The Nails.	88 Lines About 44 Women	The Nails
performer	D'scover is the Japanese debut album of South Korean artist, Daesung, also known by his Japanese stage name, D-Lite, member and main vocalist of boy band Big Bang.	D'scover	Daesung
performer	Private City is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman, released on the ECM label in 1987.	Private City	John Surman
performer	``What's the Frequency, Kenneth?'' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. from their 1994 album Monster.	What's the Frequency, Kenneth?	R.E.M.
performer	``Luv Your Life'' is the third single by Australian rock band Silverchair from their fourth album Diorama, which was released in 2002.	Luv Your Life	Silverchair
performer	Headlights & Tailpipes is the second studio album by country music singer Willie Mack.	Headlights & Tailpipes	Willie Mack
performer	Still Got the Blues is a 1990 album by guitarist Gary Moore.	Still Got the Blues	Gary Moore
performer	Inside Yours is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Gruntruck.	Inside Yours	Gruntruck
performer	Back to the Web is the eighth album by indie rock band Elf Power.	Back to the Web	Elf Power
performer	``Soon I'll Be Loving You Again'' is an album track issued in 1976 by singer Marvin Gaye on the I Want You album.	Soon I'll Be Loving You Again	Marvin Gaye
performer	``Dancing Out'' is a dance track by Korean boy band, Super Junior.	Dancing Out	Super Junior
performer	The Beast with Two Backs is the seventh full-length studio album by British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus.	The Beast with Two Backs	Inkubus Sukkubus
performer	``Sting Me'' is a single by American rock band The Black Crowes.	Sting Me	The Black Crowes
performer	Ordo Militia Templi is the first studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.	Ordo Militia Templi	Militia Christi
performer	``On My Level'' is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa, released as the first promotional, and later third official single from his debut studio album, Rolling Papers (2011).	On My Level	Wiz Khalifa
performer	Blues for Lady Day (subtitled A Personal Tribute to Billie Holiday) is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring performances recorded in Baarn, Holland in 1972 and released on the Freedom label.	Blues for Lady Day	Mal Waldron
performer	50 Number Ones is a compilation album, released in 2004, by American country music singer George Strait.	50 Number Ones	George Strait
performer	Terium is the titled of sixth album by the Christian Power metal band Seventh Avenue It was released in 2008.	Terium	Seventh Avenue
performer	Et ole yksin is a 2013 studio album by Finnish singer-songwriter J. Karjalainen.	Et ole yksin	J. Karjalainen
performer	Uspomena na vreme koje se sigurno ponoviti neće (Eng. A memory of a time that will surely not come again) is a double album of Zvonko Bogdan, Croatian/Bunjevac singer from Vojvodina, Serbia.	Uspomena na vreme koje se sigurno ponoviti neće	Zvonko Bogdan
performer	``Don't Give Up on Me Now'' is a song by the American pop rock singer Ben Harper.	Don't Give Up on Me Now	Ben Harper
performer	Odds or Evens is an album by Mike Stern, released in 1991 through Atlantic Records.	Odds or Evens	Mike Stern
performer	Godina sirotinjske zabave (trans. A Year of Poverty Amusement) is the second album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out, released by Metropolis Records in 1996.	Godina sirotinjske zabave	Block Out
performer	``I Know UR Girlfriend Hates Me'' is an electropop song performed by Norwegian recording artist Annie.	I Know UR Girlfriend Hates Me	Annie
performer	Outlaw Gentlemen & Shady Ladies is the fifth studio album by the Danish metal band Volbeat.	Outlaw Gentlemen & Shady Ladies	Volbeat
performer	``Heart/You'' is the twelfth single by Japanese artist Masaharu Fukuyama.	Heart/You	Masaharu Fukuyama
performer	``The Promise of a New Day'' is the second single (and lead-off track) from American artist Paula Abdul's album Spellbound.	The Promise of a New Day	Paula Abdul
performer	``Third Season'' is a song released by AFI in 1997, from their album Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes.	Third Season	AFI
performer	``Kotoba ni Dekinakute/Shining Butterfly'' is the fourth single by the vocal group Bright.	Kotoba ni Dekinakute/Shining Butterfly	Bright
performer	Cryogenix is In Strict Confidence's 1st full-length album.	Cryogenix	In Strict Confidence
performer	Acts of the Unspeakable is the third album by the American death metal band Autopsy.	Acts of the Unspeakable	Autopsy
performer	The Best of Pure Voice is an international album by Christchurch, New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra.	The Best of Pure Voice	Hayley Westenra
performer	``Miente'' (Eng.: Lie) is the title of the fourth single released by Enrique Iglesias from his second album, Vivir.	Miente	Enrique Iglesias
performer	Swanlike is the first album by German progressive metal band Dark Suns.	Swanlike	Dark Suns
performer	Rap-Murr-Phobia (The Fear of Real Hip-Hop) is the fifth studio album by rapper Keith Murray.	Rap-Murr-Phobia (The Fear of Real Hip-Hop)	Keith Murray
performer	By the Way is the eighth studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.	By the Way	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	Vincent LaGuardia Gambini Sings Just for You is the second studio album from actor and singer Joe Pesci.	Vincent LaGuardia Gambini Sings Just for You	Joe Pesci
performer	Reek of Putrefaction is the debut album by British extreme metal band Carcass.	Reek of Putrefaction	Carcass
performer	The Scattering of Ashes is the fourth full-length studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Into Eternity.	The Scattering of Ashes	Into Eternity
performer	Yours Truly, the Commuter is the debut solo studio album by American indie rock musician Jason Lytle.	Yours Truly, the Commuter	Jason Lytle
performer	Our Time in Eden is a studio album by the folk rock band 10,000 Maniacs.	Our Time in Eden	10,000 Maniacs
performer	Don't Know How to Party is the third full-length album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, which was released in 1993.	Don't Know How to Party	The Mighty Mighty Bosstones
performer	``I Can Lose My Heart Tonight'' is the first single by pop singer C. C. Catch from her debut studio album Catch the Catch, released in 1985 by Hansa.	I Can Lose My Heart Tonight	C. C. Catch
performer	Little Johnny C is an album by American trumpeter Johnny Coles recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.	Little Johnny C	Johnny Coles
performer	Long to Be Loose is the second solo album released by jazz fusion guitarist, Wayne Krantz.	Long to Be Loose	Wayne Krantz
performer	From Every Sphere is the second album by British singer-songwriter Ed Harcourt, released in 2003.	From Every Sphere	Ed Harcourt
performer	``Bang-A-Boomerang'' is a song by ABBA, first released by Svenne & Lotta (both Swedish and English-language versions).	Bang-A-Boomerang	ABBA
performer	Welcome to Discovery Park is the third studio album by the alternative rock band Brad.	Welcome to Discovery Park	Brad
performer	Låter som miljarder (Sounds like billions) is the tenth album by the Swedish indie rock band bob hund.	Låter som miljarder	bob hund
performer	Tell It to the Volcano is the debut album of indie pop band Miniature Tigers, released on September 16, 2008.	Tell It to the Volcano	Miniature Tigers
performer	``We've Got Tonite'' (sic) is a song written by American Bob Seger, from his 1978 album Stranger in Town.	We've Got Tonite	Bob Seger
performer	Silver Rain is an album by bassist Marcus Miller.	Silver Rain	Marcus Miller
performer	Fake Chemical State is the second solo album by Skunk Anansie lead vocalist Skin.	Fake Chemical State	Skin
performer	Amor Artificial (English: Artificial Love) is the 6th studio album made by Costa Rican rock band, ``Evolución''.	Amor Artificial	Evolución
performer	Love Dance is the fourth album led by trumpeter Woody Shaw which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label.	Love Dance	Woody Shaw
performer	``Drinking from the Bottle'' is a song by Scottish DJ and producer Calvin Harris from his third studio album, 18 Months.	Drinking from the Bottle	Calvin Harris
performer	``It Won't Be Wrong'' is a song by the American folk rock band The Byrds, which appeared as the second track on their 1965 album, Turn!	It Won't Be Wrong	The Byrds
performer	Permanent Waves is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released on January 14, 1980.	Permanent Waves	Rush
performer	Possessed 13 is the sixth album by Swedish death metal/thrash metal metal band The Crown.	Possessed 13	The Crown
performer	Alles Liebe (Everything is Love or All is Love) is the second studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Alles Liebe	Die Flippers
performer	Before the Dream Faded... is the second album of DIY guru Calvin Johnson.	Before the Dream Faded...	Calvin Johnson
performer	Of Fracture and Failure is the debut full-length album by New Zealand death metal band Ulcerate.	Of Fracture and Failure	Ulcerate
performer	Ringworm Interiors is the debut album from Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils.	Ringworm Interiors	Circus Devils
performer	Banks of Eden is the eleventh studio album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings released on June 18, 2012.	Banks of Eden	The Flower Kings
performer	Psycho Magnet is the second studio album by American Gothic rock band London After Midnight.	Psycho Magnet	London After Midnight
performer	Roll the Bones is the fourteenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released in 1991.	Roll the Bones	Rush
performer	``6th Avenue Heartache'' is a song by the band The Wallflowers, and was the first single from their 1996 album Bringing Down the Horse.	6th Avenue Heartache	The Wallflowers
performer	Operation Share the Shanties is the fourth album by the American a cappella sextet Bounding Main, released in 2008.	Operation Share the Shanties	Bounding Main
performer	Different Stars is the second album by the American rock band Trespassers William.	Different Stars	Trespassers William
performer	``The Last Stop'' is a song by Dave Matthews Band and the third track from their 1998 album, Before These Crowded Streets.	The Last Stop	Dave Matthews Band
performer	Tuba Sounds is the debut album by tuba player Ray Draper recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.	Tuba Sounds	Ray Draper
performer	Safe Upon the Shore is the ninth and final studio album released by Canadian folk rock band Great Big Sea.	Safe Upon the Shore	Great Big Sea
performer	``Manboy'' is an English language song performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade.	Manboy	Eric Saade
performer	``Both Sides of the Story'' is a song performed by Phil Collins and released in 1993 as the lead single from the album Both Sides.	Both Sides of the Story	Phil Collins
performer	The Pale Haunt Departure is the fifth full-length album by the American death-doom band Novembers Doom, released in 2005.	The Pale Haunt Departure	Novembers Doom
performer	Chinese Revenge is a song performed by Italian synth-pop group Koto.	Chinese Revenge	Koto
performer	``Wynona's Big Brown Beaver'' is the first single off Primus' 1995 album Tales from the Punchbowl.	Wynona's Big Brown Beaver	Primus
performer	Travelling Without Moving is the third studio album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai, released on 28 August 1996 in Japan, 9 September 1996 in the United Kingdom, 19 November 1996 in Canada and 14 January 1997 in the United States.	Travelling Without Moving	Jamiroquai
performer	``Love Her Madly'' is a song by The Doors that was released in March 1971.	Love Her Madly	The Doors
performer	Steal This Album is the third studio album by Oakland hip hop duo The Coup, released four years after their second album Genocide & Juice.	Steal This Album	The Coup
performer	Classical Mushroom is the second studio album by the Israeli psychedelic trance band Infected Mushroom.	Classical Mushroom	Infected Mushroom
performer	The We Wanna Be with You Tour was a concert tour by the Backstreet Boys which took place in 1995-96.	We Wanna Be with You Tour	Backstreet Boys
performer	``Electric Boogie'' (also known as the ``Electric Slide'') is a dance song performed by Marcia Griffiths.	Electric Boogie	Marcia Griffiths
performer	The Infamous is the second studio album by the American hip hop duo Mobb Deep.	The Infamous	Mobb Deep
performer	What Thou Wilt is an album of contemporary classical music composed by John Zorn and released in October 2010 on the Tzadik label.	What Thou Wilt	John Zorn
performer	``Where the Dream Takes You'' is a tender pop ballad recorded and performed by American recording artist Mýa.	Where the Dream Takes You	Mýa
performer	Piano Español is an album by Argentine composer, pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Tico label.	Piano Español	Lalo Schifrin
performer	``C'est moi'' is a French language song by Marie-Mai.	C'est moi	Marie-Mai
performer	Mr. Children's thirteenth (their official website lists it as the 15th) original studio album, Supermarket Fantasy, debuted on the Japanese Oricon Charts at rank 1 on December 10, 2008.	Supermarket Fantasy	Mr. Children
performer	Songs of the Third and Fifth is the fifth full-length studio album by the Australian hard rock/alternative metal band The Mark of Cain.	Songs of the Third and Fifth	The Mark of Cain
performer	Kill for Love is the fourth studio album by American electronic music band Chromatics, released on March 26, 2012 by Italians Do It Better.	Kill for Love	Chromatics
performer	``Man in the Rain'' is a pop song written and performed by English multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield.	Man in the Rain	Mike Oldfield
performer	``Sugaree'' is a song written by long-time Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter and composed by guitarist Jerry Garcia.	Sugaree	Jerry Garcia
performer	Cathedral Oceans II is an album of instrumental ambient music by John Foxx.	Cathedral Oceans II	John Foxx
performer	Disarm the Descent is the sixth studio album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage.	Disarm the Descent	Killswitch Engage
performer	Here Comes a Song is The Wiggles' second album, released in 1992.	Here Comes a Song	The Wiggles
performer	``Crawling up a Hill'' is a song written by John Mayall, and recorded by John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers.	Crawling up a Hill	John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers
performer	Fair Albion - Visions of England, is a 2009 album on the Signum Classics label featuring compositions by Patrick Hawes.	Fair Albion	Patrick Hawes
performer	``Sex hat keine Macht'' (German for Sex has no power) is the third single from German industrial metal group Oomph! from the album Wahrheit oder Pflicht.	Sex hat keine Macht	Oomph
performer	``As I Lay Me Down'' is a song composed and performed by singer-songwriter Sophie B. Hawkins.	As I Lay Me Down	Sophie B. Hawkins
performer	You Can't Stop Rock 'n' Roll is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister, released on June 27, 1983.	You Can't Stop Rock 'n' Roll	Twisted Sister
performer	Become Who You Are is the second studio album released by Christian rock band Mainstay.	Become Who You Are	Mainstay
performer	Humour and the Misfortune of Others is the second studio album by New Zealand soul singer Hollie Smith.	Humour and the Misfortune of Others	Hollie Smith
performer	Body and the Beat is an album recorded by Australian-New Zealand rock band Dragon in 1984.	Body and the Beat	Dragon
performer	Digital Works is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances digitally recorded in 1985 and released on the Atlantic label.	Digital Works	Ahmad Jamal
performer	Sincerità is the debut single by the Italian singer Arisa and it was released on 18 February 2009.	Sincerità	Arisa
performer	That's Right! is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley and the Big Sax Section released on the Riverside label featuring Adderley with his brother Cannonball Adderley, Jimmy Heath, Charlie Rouse, Yusef Lateef, Tate Houston, Wynton Kelly, Jim Hall/Les Spann, Sam Jones, and Jimmy Cobb.	That's Right!	Nat Adderley
performer	``You're Better Off Dead!'' is the first single from the album Hate Crew Deathroll by Children of Bodom.	You're Better Off Dead!	Children of Bodom
performer	Rise of the Infidels is the third and final album by crossover thrash band Stormtroopers of Death.	Rise of the Infidels	Stormtroopers of Death
performer	Left Hand Pathology is a debut full-length album by Swedish goregrind/death metal band General Surgery after seventeen years forming.	Left Hand Pathology	General Surgery
performer	The Year the Sun Died is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Sanctuary, released on October 6, 2014 in Europe, and eight days later in North America.	The Year the Sun Died	Sanctuary
performer	``Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk'' is a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd, from their 1967 debut album, The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.	Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk	Pink Floyd
performer	Dope Dogs is a 1994 album by Parliament-Funkadelic/P-Funk All Stars.	Dope Dogs	Parliament-Funkadelic
performer	``Me and My Crazy World'' was the lead single released from the Lost Boyz' second album, Love, Peace & Nappiness.	Me and My Crazy World	Lost Boyz
performer	Preach On Sister, Preach On! is the third solo album by American comic and actress LaWanda Page, her fourth release overall (including a collaboration album with the comic duo Skillet & Leroy under the title, Back Door Daddy) under the eponymous stage name ``LaWanda''.	Preach On Sister, Preach On!	LaWanda Page
performer	Strange Constellations is the first studio album by the indie rock group Heroes & Zeros, released on April 23, 2007.	Strange Constellations	Heroes & Zeros
performer	Idja is the debut studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Shaman, who later changed their name to Korpiklaani.	Idja	Korpiklaani
performer	``Goodbye Heartbreak'' is a song written by British duo Lighthouse Family with former Simply Red member Tim Kellett for their debut album Ocean Drive (1996).	Goodbye Heartbreak	Lighthouse Family
performer	``Why Does It Always Rain on Me?'' is a song by Scottish band Travis, released as the third single from their second studio album, The Man Who.	Why Does It Always Rain on Me?	Travis
performer	``Give Me Peace on Earth'' is the second single off of Modern Talking's fourth album In the Middle of Nowhere.	Give Me Peace on Earth	Modern Talking
performer	``Look Through Any Window'' is a song by the British beat group The Hollies.	Look Through Any Window	The Hollies
performer	Say I Am You is the second album released by indie folk band The Weepies and their first full-length record.	Say I Am You	The Weepies
performer	S'eho Erotefthi (Greek: Σ'έχω Ερωτευθεί; English: I'm In Love With You) is the tenth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas.	S'eho Erotefthi	Sakis Rouvas
performer	Super Blue is a 1978 album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard.	Super Blue	Freddie Hubbard
performer	Hear! is an album by Trixter released in 1992, reaching #109 on the Billboard 200.	Hear!	Trixter
performer	``Dull Boy'' is a single from American band Mudvayne's 2007 album By the People, For the People, later included on the band's 2008 studio album The New Game.	Dull Boy	Mudvayne
performer	Five Live Yardbirds is the live debut album by English blues rock band The Yardbirds, released in the United Kingdom in December 1964 (see 1964 in music) by Columbia Records.	Five Live Yardbirds	The Yardbirds
performer	The Beatles recorded ``Here Comes the Sun'' at London's EMI Studios in the summer of 1969.	Here Comes the Sun	The Beatles
performer	Politics of the Business is the third album by American hip hop producer Prince Paul.	Politics of the Business	Prince Paul
performer	Fairytales and Reality is the third album from Swedish/German power metal band Dionysus released August 23, 2006 (advanced Japanese release).	Fairytales and Reality	Dionysus
performer	Pretty Much Your Standard Ranch Stash is American singer-songwriter Michael Nesmith's sixth album of his post-Monkees career.	Pretty Much Your Standard Ranch Stash	Michael Nesmith
performer	Grandmother's Spaceship the third a studio album by pioneer Christian punk band Scaterd Few.	Grandmother's Spaceship	Scaterd Few
performer	Sleeper Catcher is the fourth album by the Little River Band, released during 1978.	Sleeper Catcher	Little River Band
performer	``Dear Lover'' is a song released as a single by R&B singer Mary Wells, released off her album, The Two Sides of Mary Wells, on the Atco label.	Dear Lover	Mary Wells
performer	``This Guy's in Love with You'' is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David, and recorded by Herb Alpert.	This Guy's in Love with You	Herb Alpert
performer	Brain Cycles is the second studio album by American psychedelic rock band Radio Moscow.	Brain Cycles	Radio Moscow
performer	Games at High Speeds is the first full-length album of Pilot to Gunner.	Games at High Speeds	Pilot to Gunner
performer	And the Word Became Flesh is the fifth album by emcee Professor Griff, which was released on September 11, 2001, on the Right Stuff Records and was produced by Professor Griff and Chuck D. The album did not make it to any of the Billboard chart or produce any hit singles.	And the Word Became Flesh	Professor Griff
performer	``Planet Colors'' is the seventh studio album by Swiss singer DJ BoBo, released in 2001.	Planet Colors	DJ BoBo
performer	A Great Big Western Howdy! is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1998.	Great Big Western Howdy!	Riders in the Sky
performer	Üdü Ẁüdü is the sixth studio album by French progressive rock band Magma and was released in 1976.	Üdü Ẁüdü	Magma
performer	Opasno (English: Dangerous) is the debut album by Macedonian pop musician, Elvir Mekić.	Opasno	Elvir Mekić
performer	The Sky Above the Mud Below is an album by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 2002.	The Sky Above the Mud Below	Tall Dwarfs
performer	Drveće i rijeke (English: Trees and Rivers) is the fifth studio album by the Croatian alternative rock band Pips, Chips & Videoclips, released in April 2003.	Drveće i rijeke	Pips, Chips & Videoclips
performer	``Ça n'finira jamais'' is a 2008 song recorded by French artist Johnny Hallyday.	Ça n'finira jamais	Johnny Hallyday
performer	Ode to John Law is the second studio album by Scottish blues band Stone the Crows.	Ode to John Law	Stone the Crows
performer	4th & Wall is the second studio album by the dream pop band West Indian Girl, released in October 2007 on Milan Records.	4th & Wall	West Indian Girl
performer	Structurally Sound is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin recorded in 1967 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.	Structurally Sound	Booker Ervin
performer	``Erase/Rewind'' is a pop rock song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for The Cardigans' 1998 album Gran Turismo.	Erase/Rewind	The Cardigans
performer	``We All Die Young'' is a song by Michael Matijevic of Steelheart, and Kenny Kanowski formerly of Steelheart.	We All Die Young	Steelheart
performer	``Bayatılar'' was released by Brilliant Dadashova in Azerbaijan, Russia, Turkmenistan, Europe (including Turkey, Greece, Germany, Spain, France), the Arab World and Brazil.	Bayatılar	Brilliant Dadashova
performer	``Same Old Star'' is a song written recorded by American country music group McBride & the Ride.	Same Old Star	McBride & the Ride
performer	A New Dimension is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in 1968 and released on the Verve label.	A New Dimension	Willie Bobo
performer	Dreams Less Sweet is the second studio album by English experimental band Psychic TV.	Dreams Less Sweet	Psychic TV
performer	``Ouija Board, Ouija Board'' was a single released by Morrissey in November 1989.	Ouija Board, Ouija Board	Morrissey
performer	Forty Licks is a double compilation album by The Rolling Stones.	Forty Licks	The Rolling Stones
performer	Loose Screw is the eighth studio album by rock group The Pretenders, and was released in 2002.	Loose Screw	The Pretenders
performer	Plight & Premonition is the first of two collaborations between David Sylvian and Can's bassist Holger Czukay, Flux and Mutability being their second.	Plight & Premonition	David Sylvian
performer	MYV Pops (often stylised as MYV☆POPS) is the fourth studio album by Miyavi.	MYV Pops	Miyavi
performer	``She's My Ex'' is a song by the American punk rock band All, released as a single from their 1989 album Allroy's Revenge.	She's My Ex	All
performer	``Tossin' and Turnin''' is a song written by Ritchie Adams and Malou Rene, and originally recorded by Bobby Lewis.	Tossin' and Turnin'	Bobby Lewis
place of birth	Josef Arneth (13 October 1873 in Burgkunstadt -- 1955) was a German physician and haematologist known for naming the Arneth count.	Josef Arneth	Burgkunstadt
place of birth	Willy Segers (born 21 November 1958 in Anderlecht) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA.	Willy Segers	Anderlecht
place of birth	Niño Josele (born Juan José Heredia in 1974 in Almería) is a Spanish guitarist, and exponent of the New Flamenco style.	Niño Josele	Almería
place of birth	Slim Moon (b. Matthew Moon on October 15, 1967 in Missoula, Montana, United States) is the founder of the independent music label, Kill Rock Stars.	Slim Moon	Missoula
place of birth	Barbara Gittings was born to Elizabeth (née Brooks) Gittings and John Sterett Gittings in Vienna, Austria, where her father was serving as a U.S. diplomat.	Barbara Gittings	Vienna
place of birth	Ralph Hoffmann was born on November 30, 1870 at Stockbridge, Massachusetts the second of five children raised by Ferdinand and Caroline Hoffmann.	Ralph Hoffmann	Stockbridge
place of birth	Suzanne Kaaren (March 21, 1912, Brooklyn, New York -- August 27, 2004) was an American B-movie actress who starred in stock film genres of the 1930s and 1940s: horror films, westerns, and romances.	Suzanne Kaaren	Brooklyn
place of birth	Paleka (born 4 October 1954 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese percussionist in the genres of jazz, contemporary music, and world music.	Paleka	Lisbon
place of birth	René Klomp (Nieuwenhoorn, 16 August 1974) is a former Dutch football player.	René Klomp	Nieuwenhoorn
place of birth	Pavel Kašpařík (born January 11, 1979 in Písek, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC České Budějovice in the Czech Extraliga.	Pavel Kašpařík	Písek
place of birth	Claudio Capponi (born 20 May 1959, Rome) is an Italian film composer, music arranger, orchestrator, music producer and violist.	Claudio Capponi	Rome
place of birth	Nick Fyffe (born 14 October 1972, Reading, England) is an English bassist, known for being an ex-bassist of British funk band Jamiroquai.	Nick Fyffe	Reading
place of birth	Ram Gopal Bajaj was born on 5 March 1940 in Bajitpur Darbhanga.	Ram Gopal Bajaj	Darbhanga
place of birth	Sally Warner was born in New York City and grew up in Connecticut and California, where her family moved when she was eight years old.	Sally Warner	New York City
place of birth	Gaël Pencreach (born 5 August 1977 in Le Creusot) is a retired French athlete who specialised in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Gaël Pencreach	Le Creusot
place of birth	In 2006, because he was underage, B- Rich helped sneak B.o.B into Club Crucial, a night club owned by Atlanta-based rapper T.I..	B.o.B	Atlanta
place of birth	William Hopewell was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County.	William Hopewell	Derby
place of birth	Dean Erickson (born December 5, 1958 in Maine) is the founder and CEO of Bionic Capital LLC, a registered investment advisory firm which specializes in wealth management and philanthropic investment solutions.	Dean Erickson	Maine
place of birth	Folarin Falana (born October 27, 1990 in Lagos, Nigeria), better known by his stage name Falz is a Nigerian rapper.	Falz	Lagos
place of birth	Marco Pino or Marco da Siena (1521--1583) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance and Mannerist period.	Marco Pino	Siena
place of birth	Edmond Malone was born 4 October 1741 in Dublin to Edmond Malone Sr. (1704--1774) --	Edmond Malone	Dublin
place of birth	Tallys Machado de Oliveira, or simply Tallys, (born October 26, 1987 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian attacking midfielder.	Tallys	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Joyce Yang (born 1986 in Seoul, Korea) is a classical pianist.	Joyce Yang	Seoul
place of birth	Dr. Zsolt Molnár (born 4 October 1974) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly from the Hungarian Socialist Party's Budapest Regional List from 2006 to 2014, and from his party's national list since 2014.	Zsolt Molnár	Budapest
place of birth	Ioan Silviu Suciu (born 24 November 1977 in Sibiu) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast.	Ioan Silviu Suciu	Sibiu
place of birth	Teymur Elchin was born in the mountainous town Shusha of Nagorny Karabakh region of Azerbaijan with his family moving to Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, in 1931.	Teymur Elchin	Shusha
place of birth	Aleksander Tammert (born 2 February 1973 in Tartu) is an Estonian discus thrower.	Aleksander Tammert	Tartu
place of birth	Michele Luppi (Carpi, April 7, 1974) is an Italian singer, keyboardist, producer, bassist and vocal coach.	Michele Luppi	Carpi
place of birth	Ilya Burov (born November 13, 1991 in Yaroslavl) is a Russian freestyle skier, specializing in aerials.	Ilya Burov	Yaroslavl
place of birth	Happy Salma was born in Sukabumi, West Java, on 4 January 1980 to Dachlan Suhendra and Iis Rohaeni, she is the fourth of the couple's six children.	Happy Salma	Sukabumi
place of birth	Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan (born August 21, 1956) is an Indian film director and producer primarily working in the Chennai film industry.	Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan	Chennai
place of birth	Kurt Wüthrich (born October 4, 1938 in Aarberg, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss chemist/biophysicist and Nobel Chemistry laureate, known for developing nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) methods for studying biological macromolecules.	Kurt Wüthrich	Aarberg
place of birth	Colleen Lee Ka-ling (Traditional Chinese:李嘉齡)(born October 11, 1980) is a Hong Kong pianist who won the 6th place prize in the 15th International Frederic Chopin Piano Competition in 2005.	Colleen Lee	Hong Kong
place of birth	Lorenz Jaeger was born in Halle, and studied at the Academy of Paderborn and University of Munich.	Lorenz Jaeger	Halle
place of birth	Alex Burke (born 11 November 1977 in Glasgow) is a Scottish professional footballer currently without a club.	Alex Burke	Glasgow
place of birth	Harry Jeremiah Parks, a farm boy from Orangeville, New York, Parks ran away from home twice to join the Union Army.	Harry Jeremiah Parks	Orangeville, New York
place of birth	Brian Stemmle (born October 12, 1966, Aurora, Ontario) is a retired Canadian skier who competed primarily in the downhill and Super-G disciplines.	Brian Stemmle	Aurora
place of birth	Paolo Colonna (born March 24, 1987 in Altamura) is an Italian cyclist.	Paolo Colonna	Altamura
place of birth	Ramil Guliyev (Azerbaijani: Ramil Eldar oğlu Quliyev; born 29 May 1990 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijani-born Turkish sprint athlete.	Ramil Guliyev	Baku
place of birth	Adryan Oliveira Tavares, or simply Adryan (born 10 August 1994 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club FC Nantes, on loan from Flamengo, as an attacking midfield playmaker.	Adryan	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Carrie Crowley (born 23 May 1964 in Waterford) is an Irish actress, Gaeilgeoir and former radio and television presenter.	Carrie Crowley	Waterford
place of birth	Henri Richelet (born 16 June 1944 in Frebécourt (Vosges)), is a French painter.	Henri Richelet	Frebécourt
place of birth	Brian Aker, born August 4, 1972 in Lexington, Kentucky, USA is an open-source hacker who has worked on various Apache modules, the Slash system, and numerous storage engines for the MySQL database.	Brian Aker	Lexington
place of birth	Tiaan Kannemeyer (born December 14, 1978, in Bellville) is a former South African cyclist.	Tiaan Kannemeyer	Bellville
place of birth	Luís Buchinho (born in Setúbal, 1969) is a Portuguese fashion designer.	Luís Buchinho	Setúbal
place of birth	Eleuterio Sánchez Rodríguez was born in 1942 in Salamanca, in western Spain.	Eleuterio Sánchez	Salamanca
place of birth	Archduke Leopold Ludwig of Austria (German: Leopold Ludwig Maria Franz Julius Estorgius Gerhard Erzherzog von Ósterreich) (b. Milan 6 June 1823 - d. Hórnstein 24 May 1898) was an Austrian general and admiral.	Archduke Leopold Ludwig of Austria	Milan
place of birth	Olaf Tyaransen (born in Dublin on 10 February 1971) is an Irish journalist and is a contributing editor with Dublin's Hot Press magazine.	Olaf Tyaransen	Dublin
place of birth	Born on June 16, 1917, in Volos, Greece, Phaedon Gizikis was a career Hellenic Army officer.	Phaedon Gizikis	Volos
place of birth	Lorenzo Nina was born in Recanati; his father was a notary.	Lorenzo Nina	Recanati
place of birth	Lassina Abdoul Karim Konaté (born May 20, 1987 in Niamey) is a professional Nigerien footballer currently playing for FC Metz in the French Ligue 1.	Lassina Abdoul Karim	Niamey
place of birth	Annibale II Bentivoglio (1467 -- June 1540) was an Italian condottiero, who was shortly lord of Bologna in 1511--1512.	Annibale II Bentivoglio	Bologna
place of birth	Alain Goraguer (born 20 August 1931 in Rosny-sous-Bois, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French jazz pianist, sideman of Boris Vian and Serge Gainsbourg, arranger and composer.	Alain Goraguer	Rosny-sous-Bois
place of birth	Nikola Sudová (born March 17, 1982 in Jablonec nad Nisou) is a Czech freestyle skier known for moguls.	Nikola Sudová	Jablonec nad Nisou
place of birth	Attilio Palatini (18 November 1889 -- 24 August 1949) was an Italian mathematician born in Treviso.	Attilio Palatini	Treviso
place of birth	Sun Caiyun (Chinese: 孙彩云; born July 21, 1973 in Shenzhen) is a Chinese former pole vaulter, who was one of the leading athletes in her discipline in the early 1990s.	Sun Caiyun	Shenzhen
place of birth	David McGurn (born 14 September 1980 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Stranraer in Scottish League One on loan from Championship side Raith Rovers.	David McGurn	Glasgow
place of birth	Keith Hanvey aka ``Newton Heath Keith'' (born 18 January 1952 in Manchester) is a retired English professional footballer who played for Manchester City, Swansea City, Rochdale, Grimsby Town and Huddersfield Town.	Keith Hanvey	Manchester
place of birth	Born in New York City, Crawford Kilian grew up in Los Angeles and Mexico City.	Crawford Kilian	New York City
place of birth	Adrian Owers (born 26 February 1965 in Chelmsford, England) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Southend United, Brighton & Hove Albion, Gillingham and Maidstone United.	Adrian Owers	Chelmsford
place of birth	Günter Luther was born in Bestwig on 17 March 1922, the son of a teacher who came from a family of artisans.	Günter Luther	Bestwig
place of birth	Howard Shanet was born on 9 November 1918 in Brooklyn, New York, and started his musical career as a cellist, gaining a Bachelor's degree from Columbia in 1939 and a Master's in Musicology in 1941.	Howard Shanet	Brooklyn
place of birth	Prior to LSU, Xavier Carter graduated from Palm Bay High School in Melbourne, Florida.	Xavier Carter	Palm Bay
place of birth	Alexander Bovin was born on 9 August 1930, in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg), USSR.	Alexander Bovin	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Silvio Baldini (born 11 September 1958 in Massa) is an Italian association football manager and the former head coach of Vicenza in the Serie B league.	Silvio Baldini	Massa
place of birth	Garner was born in the village of Detroit in Red River County in northeastern Texas, to John Nance Garner III and his wife, the former Sarah Jane Guest.	John Nance Garner	Detroit
place of birth	Vladimir Veber (Russian: Владимир Владимирович Вебер; born 20 July 1941, Omsk, Russian SFSR, USSR) is a football manager and former Moldovan footballer of Russian origin.	Vladimir Veber	Omsk
place of birth	Gerson Levi-Lazzaris (born in Curitiba, on November 25, 1979) is a Brazilian archaeologist, descendent of Ladin immigrants.	Gerson Levi-Lazzaris	Curitiba
place of birth	Michel Louvain (born Michel Poulin, July 12, 1937, Thetford Mines, Quebec) is a French Canadian singer most popular in the 1960s and 1970s.	Michel Louvain	Thetford Mines
place of birth	Dr. Hermann Iseke (9 March 1856 in Holungen, Province of Saxony -- 14 January 1907 in South West Africa, now Namibia) was a German doctor.	Hermann Iseke	Holungen
place of birth	John Frederick Denison Maurice was born in Normanton, Suffolk, on 29 August 1805, the only son of Michael Maurice and his wife, Priscilla.	Frederick Denison Maurice	Suffolk
place of birth	Didier Mouron is a Swiss artist (naturalized Canadian), he was born on July 3, 1958 in Vevey.	Didier Mouron	Vevey
place of birth	Carlos Eduardo Gutiérrez Silva or simply Carlos Gutiérrez (born December 25, 1976 in Treinta y Tres) is a Uruguayan professional footballer.	Carlos Eduardo Gutiérrez	Treinta y Tres
place of birth	Lutz Altepost (born October 6, 1981 in Emsdetten, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German sprint canoeist who has competed since the late 1990s.	Lutz Altepost	Emsdetten
place of birth	Susan Bee (born January 14, 1952) is an American painter, editor, and book artist, who lives in New York City.	Susan Bee	New York City
place of birth	Zudikey Rodríguez Núñez (born 14 March 1987 in Valle de Bravo, Estado de México) is a Mexican sprinter and hurdler.	Zudikey Rodríguez	Valle de Bravo
place of birth	Marcel Lüske (Amsterdam, 23 March 1953) is a Dutch professional poker player.	Marcel Lüske	Amsterdam
place of birth	Gunther O. Hofmann (b. 22 May 1957 in Landshut, Bavaria) is a German surgeon, biophysicist, and professor.	Gunther O. Hofmann	Landshut
place of birth	Ewa Fröling, Eva Marie Fröling , (born 9 August 1952) is a Swedish actress and director who was born in Stockholm.	Ewa Fröling	Stockholm
place of birth	Becky Johnson (born February 14, 1978 in Vancouver, BC) is a Canadian comedian, writer, actor, improviser, craftsperson and organizer.	Becky Johnson	Vancouver
place of birth	Renee Griffin, aka Renee Allman, aka Renee Ammann (born May 30, 1968 in Long Beach, California), is an American actress.	Renee Griffin	Long Beach
place of birth	Roberts Jekimovs (born November 11, 1989 in Riga, Latvian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward.	Roberts Jekimovs	Riga
place of birth	Daws Butler was born on November 16, 1916 in Toledo, Ohio, the only child of Ruth Butler and Charles Allen Butler.	Daws Butler	Toledo
place of birth	James Duncan Davidson (born July 29, 1970 in Lubbock, Texas) is an American photographer and a software developer.	James Duncan Davidson	Lubbock
place of birth	Born as the eighth of sixteen children to Thomas Norman and Virginia Thomas, Lavinia Norman grew up in Montgomery, West Virginia.	Lavinia Norman	Montgomery, West Virginia
place of birth	Vitaliy Cherniy was born in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union (in present-day Ukraine).	Vitaliy Cherniy	Kiev
place of birth	Xiao Wen Ju was born on May 19, 1989 in the city of Xi'an in Shaanxi province.	Xiao Wen Ju	Xi'an
place of birth	Rada Iveković (born 1945 in Zagreb, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professor, philosopher, Indologist, and writer.	Rada Iveković	Zagreb
place of birth	George Curcă (born 8 May 1981, Isaccea, Tulcea County) is a Romanian former professional football player who is currently playing amateur football in England with Corby Domino A.F.C in the Northamptonshire Combination League.	George Curcă	Isaccea
place of birth	Sven Verdonck (born 30 January 1988 in Herentals) is a Belgian football player who plays in the central defence.	Sven Verdonck	Herentals
place of birth	Michael Zapruder (born 1969 in Washington, D.C.) is an American musician and songwriter.	Michael Zapruder	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Alexander Aizenshtat (born in 1951, Moscow) is a Russian-French artist.	Alexander Aizenshtat	Moscow
place of birth	Sergey Kalmykov was born in October 1891 in the Central Asian city of Samarkand, then a part of the Russian Empire.	Sergey Kalmykov	Samarkand
place of birth	Alex Halberstadt (born in 1970 in Moscow) is an American writer, noted in particular for his biography of Doc Pomus.	Alex Halberstadt	Moscow
place of birth	Marie-Luce Penchard (born 14 February 1959 in Gourbeyre) is a French politician from Guadeloupe and member of the UMP.	Marie-Luce Penchard	Gourbeyre
place of birth	Eugène Maizan (28 September 1816 in Montauban -- July 1845) was a French Naval lieutenant and explorer, possibly the first European to penetrate East Africa and the first to enter tropical Africa from Zanzibar.	Eugène Maizan	Montauban
place of birth	Elmin Marukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Елмин Марукић ; born 9 December 1993 in Novi Pazar) is a Serbian footballer, currently playing with Serbian League East club FK Morava Cuprija.	Elmin Marukić	Novi Pazar
place of birth	Patti Cohenour (born October 17, 1952 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S.) is an American actress and singer.	Patti Cohenour	Albuquerque
place of birth	George Housman Thomas (London December 17, 1824 -- Boulogne-sur-Mer July 21, 1868), was an English engraver, illustrator and Victorian era painter.	George Housman Thomas	London
place of birth	Ashley Gorrell (born January 1, 1985 in Sarasota, Florida) is an American actress known for her role as Jessica Whitaker in Thunder in Paradise.	Ashley Gorrell	Sarasota
place of birth	Erik Kriek (born 18 November 1966, Amsterdam) is a Dutch artist and the winner of the 2008 Stripschapprijs.	Erik Kriek	Amsterdam
place of birth	Kathleen Hughes (born November 14, 1928) is an American film, stage, and television actress from Hollywood, California.	Kathleen Hughes	Hollywood
place of birth	Wong Chin Hung (Chinese: 黃展鴻; Jyutping: wong4 zin2 hung4, born 2 March 1982 in Hong Kong) is a professional footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League side Eastern Salon.	Wong Chin Hung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Anastasija Reiberger, née Ryjikh (born 19 September 1977 in Omsk) is a Russian-born German pole vaulter.	Anastasija Reiberger	Omsk
place of birth	Jacek Gmoch (born 13 January 1939 in Pruszków) is a former Polish footballer, who later became a trainer and selector of the Polish National Team.	Jacek Gmoch	Pruszków
place of birth	Michał Kościuszko (born 20 April 1985 in Kraków) is a Polish rally driver, who currently competes in the Production World Rally Championship (PWRC).	Michał Kościuszko	Kraków
place of birth	Vojtěch Sedláček (born 1947 in Prague) is a Czech entrepreneur, who established Obsluzna spol.	Vojtěch Sedláček	Prague
place of birth	Franco Saudelli was born in Latina (Lazio), but moved soon to Rome.	Franco Saudelli	Latina
place of birth	Andreas Labropoulos (Greek: Ανδρέας Λαμπρόπουλος; born 30 July 1988 in Patras), is a Greek professional footballer.	Andreas Labropoulos	Patras
place of birth	Mimoun Eloisghiri (born 15 September 1989 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker and who currently plays for Ajax Zaterdag in the Dutch Topklasse.	Mimoun Eloisghiri	Rotterdam
place of birth	Billie Myers (born 14 June 1971, Coventry, West Midlands, England) is an English rock singer-songwriter.	Billie Myers	Coventry
place of birth	Hal Willner (born 1956, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American music producer working in recording, films, TV and live events.	Hal Willner	Philadelphia
place of birth	Sergei Aleksandrovich Prikhodko (Russian: Серге́й Александрович Приходько; born March 7, 1962 in Karaganda) is a retired Russian professional footballer.	Sergei Aleksandrovich Prikhodko	Karaganda
place of birth	Olivier Henno (born 21 April 1962 in Roubaix) is a French politician, mayor of Saint-André-lez-Lille and a member of the MoDem.	Olivier Henno	Roubaix
place of birth	Silvio Vigliaturo was born in Acri (Cosenza), in 1949.	Silvio Vigliaturo	Acri
place of birth	Jonathan Messer (born 17 March 1973 in Melbourne) is an Australian director of theatre and film.	Jonathan Messer	Melbourne
place of birth	Sabina Babayeva (Azerbaijani: Səbinə Babayeva, born 2 December 1979, Baku) is an Azerbaijani singer.	Sabina Babayeva	Baku
place of birth	Łukasz Cieślewicz (born 15 November 1987 in Gniezno) is a Polish footballer, who plays as a forward for B36 Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands Premier League.	Łukasz Cieślewicz	Gniezno
place of birth	Achim Richter (born September 21, 1940 in Dresden) is a German nuclear physicist.	Achim Richter	Dresden
place of birth	Jamie Ford was born on July 9, 1968, in Eureka, CA, but grew up in Ashland, Oregon, and Port Orchard and Seattle, Washington.	Jamie Ford	Eureka
place of birth	Víctor Aldana Maestre (born 9 June 1981, Badajoz, Spain) is a Spanish footballer with Romanian citizenship who last played for Săgeata Stejaru.	Víctor Aldana	Badajoz
place of birth	Bobby Johnston (born 1967 in Olean, New York) is a film composer and multi-instrumentalist.	Bobby Johnston	Olean
place of birth	John Ridley Stroop was born in the rural community of Hall's Hill, outside Murfreesboro in Rutherford County, Tennessee.	John Ridley Stroop	Murfreesboro
place of birth	Beniamino Bonomi (born 9 March 1968 in Verbania) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-2000s (decade).	Beniamino Bonomi	Verbania
place of birth	Katerina Athanasopoulou was born in Athens and studied painting at the School of Fine Arts of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and then completed an MA on animation at the Royal College of Art in London.	Katerina Athanasopoulou	Athens
place of birth	George Bass was born on 30 January 1771 at Aswarby, a hamlet near Sleaford, Lincolnshire, the son of a tenant farmer, George Bass, and a local beauty named Sarah Nee Newman.	George Bass	Sleaford
place of birth	Ruggero Lenci (born Rome, January 7, 1955) is an Italian architect and Professor of Architectural Design at the Faculty of Civil and Industrial Engineering of the Sapienza University of Rome.	Ruggero Lenci	Rome
place of birth	Herbert Rosenkranz (July 7, 1924 in Vienna -- September 5, 2003) was a Jewish historian.	Herbert Rosenkranz	Vienna
place of birth	Saša Marjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Марјановић; born 13 November 1987 in Niš) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Radnički Niš.	Saša Marjanović	Niš
place of birth	Perry Lang (born December 24, 1959, Palo Alto, California) is an American director, writer and actor.	Perry Lang	Palo Alto
place of birth	Shahid Balwa hails from the Chilliyaah Sunni Muslim community, and his forefathers were from Gujarat.	Shahid Balwa	Gujarat
place of birth	Petter Hansson (ˈpɛtːɛr ˈhɑːnsɔn); born 14 December 1976 in Söderhamn) is a retired Swedish footballer who played his last two seasons in the at AS Monaco.	Petter Hansson	Söderhamn
place of birth	John Michael Ferrari (born November 11, 1947, Hollywood, United States), is an American entertainment journalist, film director, cinematographer, still photographer, film producer, composer, writer, and author.	John Michael Ferrari	Hollywood
place of birth	J Allard (born James Allard, on January 12, 1969, in Glens Falls, New York) is the CEO of Project 529, a Portland, OR based startup building software for cyclists.	J Allard	Glens Falls
place of birth	Thomas Tompion was born around 1639 and was baptized on 25 July 1639 in Northill, Bedfordshire, England.	Thomas Tompion	Bedfordshire
place of birth	Jens Nohka (born 5 October 1976 in Frankfurt (Oder)) is a German bobsledder who's competing from 1999.	Jens Nohka	Frankfurt (Oder
place of birth	Catherine Scott (born 27 August 1973 in Clarendon Parish) is a retired Jamaican athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.	Catherine Scott	Clarendon Parish
place of birth	Behrouz Rahbarifar (Persian: بهروز رهبری‌فر‎, born July 17, 1971 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football player.	Behrouz Rahbarifar	Tehran
place of birth	Else Krüger (born 9 February 1915) was Martin Bormann's secretary from the end of 1942 (and, allegedly, mistress) during World War II. She was born in Hamburg-Altona.	Else Krüger	Hamburg
place of birth	Bovy Sor Udomson was born as Piyapong Chuanpo in Kalasin Province in Northeastern (Isan) region of Thailand.	Bovy Sor Udomson	Kalasin
place of birth	Marcel Bourbonnais (born February 27, 1918 in Quebec City, Quebec - died October 14, 1996) was a Canadian politician, draftsman, engineer, foreman and technician.	Marcel Bourbonnais	Quebec City
place of birth	Charlton Ogburn, Jr. (15 March 1911, Atlanta, Georgia -- 19 October 1998, Beaufort, South Carolina) was an American journalist and author, most notably of memoirs and non-fiction works.	Charlton Ogburn	Atlanta
place of birth	Lyrian (りりあん) (born September 21, 1985) is a Japanese moe idol and singer who hails from Milan, Italy.	Lyrian	Milan
place of birth	Vibha Natarajan was born in Chennai and did her schooling in Bangalore.	Vibha Natarajan	Chennai
place of birth	He Zuoxiu was born in Shanghai in 1927.	He Zuoxiu	Shanghai
place of birth	Red Sovine was born as Wooodrow Wilson Sovine in 1917 in Charleston, West Virginia, earning the nickname ``Red'' because of his reddish-brown hair.	Red Sovine	Charleston
place of birth	Adam Ondra (born February 5, 1993 in Brno) is a Czech rock climber.	Adam Ondra	Brno
place of birth	Rudolf Kaltenbach (12 May 1842 -- 21 November 1893) was a German gynecologist who was a native of Freiburg im Breisgau.	Rudolf Kaltenbach	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of birth	Andreas Tews (born September 11, 1968 in Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a German former amateur boxer.	Andreas Tews	Rostock
place of birth	Jim Fryatt (born 2 September 1940 in Southampton) is a retired English footballer who played as a striker.	Jim Fryatt	Southampton
place of birth	Tim Wildsmith was born on Atlanta, Georgia to Dennis and Donna Wildsmith.	Tim Wildsmith	Atlanta
place of birth	Jacob Beser grew up in Baltimore, Maryland where he attended the Baltimore City College (high school) graduating in June 1938.	Jacob Beser	Baltimore
place of birth	Sammy Nestico (born Samuel Louis Nistico, February 6, 1924 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a composer and arranger of big band music.	Sammy Nestico	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Davron Khashimov (born 24 November 1992) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for Pakhtakor Tashkent and Uzbekistan national team.	Davron Khashimov	Tashkent
place of birth	Ricardo Weslei de Campelo, also known as Ricardinho (born 19 November 1983 in Birigüi, São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer.	Ricardo Weslei de Campelo	Birigüi
place of birth	Marie Constant Emmanuel de Rorthay de Saint Hilaire, who later took the pseudonym of René de Marmande, was born in Vannes, Morbihan on 1 January 1875.	René de Marmande	Vannes
place of birth	Dragan Kojadinović (born 1954 in Banatski Karlovac) was the Serbian Minister of Culture.	Dragan Kojadinović	Banatski Karlovac
place of birth	Kid Harpoon (born Tom Hull, 20 April 1982, Chatham, Kent, England) is an English singer-songwriter and musician.	Kid Harpoon	Chatham
place of birth	Sebastián Ariel Romero (born 27 April 1978 in Berisso), nicknamed Chirola, is an Argentine professional footballer who currently plays for Quilmes.	Sebastián Ariel Romero	Berisso
place of birth	Sergio Vartolo (Bologna, 1944) is an Italian harpsichordist, organist, musicologist and conductor; in past also active as countertenor.	Sergio Vartolo	Bologna
place of birth	Yohanan Simon, painter was born in 1905, Berlin.	Yohanan Simon	Berlin
place of birth	Florent Aziri (born 3 September 1988 in Titova Mitrovica, SFR Yugoslavia) is a German footballer from Kosovo who plays for Bremer SV.	Florent Aziri	Mitrovica
place of birth	Tadeusz Kutrzeba was born in Kraków, a part of Austria-Hungary, since the 1795 partition of Poland.	Tadeusz Kutrzeba	Kraków
place of birth	Alonzo Church was born on June 14, 1903, in Washington, D.C., where his father, Samuel Robbins Church, was the judge of the Municipal Court for the District of Columbia.	Alonzo Church	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Jaime Roos (born November 12, 1953 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan singer, composer and record producer.	Jaime Roos	Montevideo
place of birth	Mercedes Llopart studied in her native Barcelona and made her operatic debut there in 1915.	Mercedes Llopart	Barcelona
place of birth	Satterfield was born in Nashville, Tennessee, the son of Paul Satterfield a Nashville firefighter who was killed in the line of duty and Singer Songwriter Priscilla Coolidge.	Paul Satterfield	Nashville
place of birth	Born in the old Ralph Waldo Emerson House in Malden, Massachusetts, Darius Cobb was a descendant of Henry Cobb of Kent, England, who came to Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1629 on the ship Anne.	Darius Cobb	Malden
place of birth	John P. Kee was born the 15th of 16 children in Durham, North Carolina.	John P. Kee	Durham
place of birth	Stanislav Donets (Russian: Станислав Донец) (born 7 July 1983) is a Russian swimmer from Dimitrovgrad.	Stanislav Donets	Dimitrovgrad
place of birth	On September 11, 2005 Haleigh Poutre was brought to the emergency room at Noble Hospital in Westfield, Massachusetts by Holli and Jason Strickland.	Haleigh Poutre	Westfield
place of birth	Satish Sharma was born on 11 October in Secunderabad, a city in the Indian state Telangana.He was educated in Col. Brown Cambridge School in Dehra Dun and was later trained as a pilot in Kansas City, Missouri.	Satish Sharma	Secunderabad
place of birth	Nick Sheppard is a Bristol-born guitarist best known for being in the well-known punk band The Clash for a short time.	Nick Sheppard	Bristol
place of birth	Hans-Joachim Borzym (born 7 January 1948 in Brandenburg an der Havel) is an East German rower who competed in the early 1970s.	Hans-Joachim Borzym	Brandenburg an der Havel
place of birth	Éloi Machoro (1945. Thio -- 12 January 1985 Canala) was an independentist New Caledonian Kanak politician.	Éloi Machoro	Canala
place of birth	Kyle Briggs (born 7 December 1987 in Leeds) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Sheffield Eagles.	Kyle Briggs	Leeds
place of birth	Jean-Marc Furlan (born November 20, 1957, Sainte-Foy-la-Grande) is a French soccer manager.	Jean-Marc Furlan	Sainte-Foy-la-Grande
place of birth	Brown's parents had limited financial resources, and they moved to Calais to seek cheaper lodgings, where their daughter Elizabeth Coffin was born in 1819 and their son Ford Madox Brown in 1821.	Ford Madox Brown	Calais
place of birth	Luan Rama is an Albanian diplomat, writer and researcher from Tirana who lives and works in Paris, France.	Luan Rama	Tirana
place of birth	Anna Elisabeth of Saxe-Lauenburg (23 August 1624 in Ratzeburg -- 27 May 1688 in Butzbach), was a duchess of Saxe-Lauenburg by birth and by marriage landgravine of Hesse-Homburg.	Anna Elisabeth of Saxe-Lauenburg	Ratzeburg
place of birth	Job Adams Cooper was born in Greenville, Illinois, to Charles and Maria Hadley Cooper, one of seven children.	Job Adams Cooper	Greenville
place of birth	Leila Gyenesei (born April 22, 1986 in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian modern pentathlete and cross-country skier.	Leila Gyenesei	Kaposvár
place of birth	Rowena Wallace was born in Coventry, West Midlands, an only child.	Rowena Wallace	Coventry
place of birth	Johnny Western was born Johnny Westerlund in Two Harbors in Lake County in northeastern Minnesota but was primarily reared in Northfield in south central Minnesota.	Johnny Western	Two Harbors
place of birth	Abdel Moneim El Shahat (Arabic: عبد المنعم الشحات) (born 1970 in Alexandria) is the official spokesman of the Egyptian Salafist group al-Da'wa al-Salafiya (``The Salafist Call''), religious preacher and TV Host.	Abdel Moneim El Shahat	Alexandria
place of birth	Jammes Luckett, also formerly credited as Jaye Barnes Luckett (born August 13, 1974 in Columbus, OH) is an American musician, writer, visual artist, and voice actor.	Jammes Luckett	Columbus
place of birth	Aaron Embry (born November 10, 1975, Bellflower, California) is an American songwriter and record producer.	Aaron Embry	Bellflower
place of birth	Freelan Oscar Stanley and his identical twin brother Francis Edgar (1849-1918) were born on June 1, 1849, in Kingfield, Maine.	Freelan Oscar Stanley	Kingfield
place of birth	Ivana Janečková (born March 8, 1984 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou) is a Czech cross country skier who has competed since 2002.	Ivana Janečková	Rychnov nad Kněžnou
place of birth	Matthew Gaines was born on August 4, 1840 near Alexandria, Louisiana to a female slave owned by the Martin Despallier family.	Matthew Gaines	Alexandria
place of birth	Valentinus Otho or Valentin Otto (born around 1550 possibly in Magdeburg -- April 8, 1603 in Prag) was a German mathematician and astronomer.	Valentinus Otho	Magdeburg
place of birth	Giorgio Piantella (Camposampiero, 6 July 1981) is an Italian pole vaulter.	Giorgio Piantella	Camposampiero
place of birth	Julius Mackerle (18 June 1909 Jevíčko, Moravia Austria-Hungary -- 11 September 1988) was a Czechoslovakian inventor and automobile engineer.	Julius Mackerle	Jevíčko
place of birth	Lucy Beaumont (18 May 1873 -- 24 April 1937) was an English actress of the stage and screen from Bristol, Gloucestershire.	Lucy Beaumont	Bristol
place of birth	Luke Magill (born September 10, 1987 in Dagenham) is an English footballer, currently playing for Dayton Dutch Lions in the USL Professional Division.	Luke Magill	Dagenham
place of birth	Umberto Massimo Lattuca, also known as simply Massimo Lattuca (born April 14, 1959 in Rome) is a retired Italian professional football player.	Umberto Massimo Lattuca	Rome
place of birth	Edwin Granberry was born in Meridian, Mississippi and went to Starkville High School in Starkville, Mississippi.	Edwin Granberry	Meridian
place of birth	A dedicated athlete, Klára Poláčková worked as a PR manager for foreign companies to fund her studies and graduated in business management at the Anglo-American University in Prague in 2000.	Klára Poláčková	Prague
place of birth	Wallace Markfield (August 12, 1926 -- May 24, 2002) was an American comic novelist best known for his first novel, To an Early Grave (1964), about four men who spend the day driving across Brooklyn to their friend's funeral.	Wallace Markfield	Brooklyn
place of birth	Penny Chenery, was born in New Rochelle, New York in 1922 and raised in Pelham Manor, New York.	Penny Chenery	New Rochelle
place of birth	Caleb Rich (born 1 August 1750, in Sutton, MA) was an American minister who was influential in the formation of the Universalist Church.	Caleb Rich	Sutton
place of birth	Alex Funke (born October 12, 1944 in Santa Barbara, California) is a special effects photographer.	Alex Funke	Santa Barbara
place of birth	Ken Niles (December 9, 1906 or 1908, in Livingston, Montana -- October 31, 1988) was an American radio announcer.	Ken Niles	Livingston
place of birth	Roslyn Kind (born January 9, 1951, in Brooklyn) is an American actress, singer and songwriter.	Roslyn Kind	Brooklyn
place of birth	Popi Tsapanidou (Greek: Πόπη Τσαπανίδου) (born 20 April 1967 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek television journalist and television personality currently working on Star Channel.	Popi Tsapanidou	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Florin-Teodor Tănăsescu (born April 12, 1932 in Bârlad, Tutova County, now Vaslui County), is a Romanian electrical engineer, professor at the University Politehnica of Bucharest.	Florin-Teodor Tănăsescu	Bârlad
place of birth	Van Tuong Nguyen and his twin brother, Dang Khoa Nguyen, were born in a refugee camp at Songkhla in Thailand to Vietnamese parents.	Van Tuong Nguyen	Songkhla
place of birth	Janusz Kaczmarek (born December 25, 1961 in Gdynia) is a Polish lawyer, prosecutor and politician.	Janusz Kaczmarek	Gdynia
place of birth	John Esslemont was born in Aberdeen on 19 May 1874, the third son and fourth child of John E. Esslemont (1859-1927), a successful merchant, and Margaret Esslemont (née Davidson).	John Esslemont	Aberdeen
place of birth	Gail Giles (born September 24 in Galveston, Texas) is an American writer of young-adult fiction.	Gail Giles	Galveston
place of birth	Meaghan Simister (born November 10, 1986 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian Olympic luger who has competed since 2003.	Meaghan Simister	Regina
place of birth	Vijaygupta Maurya was born as Vijayshankar Morarji Vasu (Gujarati: વિજયશંકર મુરારજી વાસુ) in Porbandar, Gujarat in 1909.	Vijaygupta Maurya	Porbandar
place of birth	Joseph Hunter Bryan (born in Martin County, North Carolina, April 9, 1782, died at La Grange, Tennessee, December 28, 1839) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina.	Joseph Hunter Bryan	Martin County
place of birth	Hugues Le Bars (Versailles Yvelines, 13 October 1950 -- 1 November 2014) was a French film music composer.	Hugues Le Bars	Versailles
place of birth	Letitia Baldrige was born February 9, 1926 in Miami, Florida, and grew up in Omaha, Nebraska, the youngest child of Republican Congressman Howard Malcolm Baldrige and his wife, Regina (née Connell).	Letitia Baldrige	Miami
place of birth	Kate Corbett (born in Holyrood, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian actress.	Kate Corbett	Holyrood
place of birth	Heinrich X, Count of Reuss-Ebersdorf (29 November 1662 in Bad Lobenstein -- 10 June 1711 in Ebersdorf), was a member of the House of Reuss (younger line).	Heinrich X, Count of Reuss-Ebersdorf	Lobenstein
place of birth	Willi Worpitzky (August 25, 1886 in Berlin-Pankow -- October 30, 1953) was a German amateur football (soccer) player and coach.	Willi Worpitzky	Pankow
place of birth	Parish records show that a Helen Hyslop was born in the area in 1766, her parents being John Hyslop and Janet Howatson of Langholm.	Helen Hyslop	Langholm
place of birth	Egon Horak (born Innsbruck in 1937) is an Austrian mycologist who has described more than 1000 species of fungi, including many from the Southern Hemisphere, particularly New Zealand and South America.	Egon Horak	Innsbruck
place of birth	Daniela Escobar Duncan (born January 16, 1969, in São Borja) is a Brazilian actress and presenter.	Daniela Escobar	São Borja
place of birth	Dr. István Hiller (born 7 May 1964 in Sopron) is a Hungarian politician and former chairman of the governing Hungarian Socialist Party between 16 October 2004 and 24 February 2007, succeeding László Kovács, succeeded by Ferenc Gyurcsány.	István Hiller	Sopron
place of birth	Velupillai Prabhakaran was born in the northern coastal town of Valvettithurai on November 26, 1954, as the youngest of four children to Thiruvenkadam Velupillai and his wife Vallipuram Parvathy.	Velupillai Prabhakaran	Valvettithurai
place of birth	Hazel Henderson (born March 27, 1933 in Bristol, England) is a futurist and an economic iconoclast.	Hazel Henderson	Bristol
place of birth	Bojan Simić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Cимић ;born September 26, 1976 in Leskovac) is a Serbian footballer currently playing in Prima Categoria club Santa Tiziana of the city of Genoa.	Bojan Simić	Leskovac
place of birth	Antanas Sniečkus was born in 1903, in the village of Būbleliai, near Šakiai.	Antanas Sniečkus	Šakiai
place of birth	Eliyahu Winograd (Hebrew: אליהו וינוגרד‎) (b. December 1926) is a former Israeli acting Supreme Court judge and former president of the Tel Aviv District Court.	Eliyahu Winograd	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Khabbab ibn al-Aratt (Arabic: خبّاب بن الأرت‎) was a boy from Najd, from the tribe of Banu Tamim.	Khabbab ibn al-Aratt	Najd
place of birth	Johan Castberg was born in Brevik as the son of customs surveyor and politician Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg (1827--1899) and his wife Hanna Magdalene Frisak Ebbesen (1839--1881).	Johan Castberg	Brevik
place of birth	Victor Varnado (born May 15, 1969 in Gary, Indiana) is an American standup comedian and actor.	Victor Varnado	Gary
place of birth	Harold Septimus Power was born on 31 December 1877, in Dunedin, New Zealand to Peter Power, an Irish-born hatter, and his Scottish wife Jane.	Harold Septimus Power	Dunedin
place of birth	Miklós Simonovits (4 September 1943 in Budapest) is a Hungarian mathematician who currently works at the Rényi Institute of Mathematics in Budapest and is a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Miklós Simonovits	Budapest
place of birth	Martin Moran (born December 29, 1959), is an American actor and writer who grew up in Denver, Colorado.	Martin Moran	Denver
place of birth	Jean Nicolle, born in Louviers in 1610.	Jean Nicolle	Louviers
place of birth	John Marshall was born in a log cabin in Germantown, a rural community on the Virginia frontier, in what is now Fauquier County, near Midland, on September 24, 1755, to Thomas Marshall and Mary Isham Keith, the granddaughter of Thomas Randolph of Tuckahoe.	John Marshall	Germantown
place of birth	Bernd Klotz (born 8 September 1958 in Pforzheim) is a German football coach and a former player.	Bernd Klotz	Pforzheim
place of birth	Riley Salmon (born July 2, 1976, in Amarillo, Texas) is a volleyball player from the United States.	Riley Salmon	Amarillo
place of birth	Stacy Dorning (born 11 May 1958 in London) is an English actress, best known for appearing in the second series of The Adventures of Black Beauty (1973--74).	Stacy Dorning	London
place of birth	Rafi Haladjian (Armenian: Րաֆֆի Հալաջյան) born in Beirut, Lebanon) in 1961 is a French serial entrepreneur of Armenian origin.	Rafi Haladjian	Beirut
place of birth	Jo Carson was born in Johnson City, Tennessee in 1946 and received degrees in theater and speech from East Tennessee State University in 1973.	Jo Carson	Johnson City
place of birth	Anne Wheeler, OC (born September 23, 1946 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian film and television writer, producer, and director.	Anne Wheeler	Edmonton
place of birth	Born in Lemsford, Hertfordshire, Stephen Ward was the son of Arthur Evelyn Ward, Vicar of Lemsford, and Eileen Esmée, née Vigors.	Stephen Ward	Lemsford
place of birth	Jeroo Billimoria was born in Mumbai, India to an accountant and a social worker.	Jeroo Billimoria	Mumbai
place of birth	Simon Mawer (/ˈmɔr/ MAWR; born 1948, England) is a British author who lives in Italy.	Simon Mawer	England
place of birth	Fábio Lucindo (born February 16, 1984 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actor, voice actor and presenter.	Fábio Lucindo	São Paulo
place of birth	Christian Fickert (born 10 February 1981 in Mannheim) is a former German footballer, who plays for SpVgg Wallstadt.	Christian Fickert	Mannheim
place of birth	Mahdi Tajik (born 1981, Tehran) is an Iranian students'' activist, journalist and political prisoner.	Mahdi Tajik	Tehran
place of birth	Ludwig Paischer (born 28 November 1981 in Oberndorf bei Salzburg) is an Austrian judoka.	Ludwig Paischer	Oberndorf bei Salzburg
place of birth	Marie Russak (also well known as Marie Hotchener or Marie Barnard) was born on October 7, 1865 in the small city of Four Corners, Butte County in northern California.	Marie Russak	Butte County
place of birth	Rene Ortiz (born April 23, 1969 in Anaheim, California) is a retired Mexican-American soccer player who currently is a physical ed teacher at hilltop high school in San Diego, CA.	Rene Ortiz	Anaheim
place of birth	Bovi Ugboma was born in Benin City, where he attended UNIBEN staff schools.	Bovi	Benin City
place of birth	Dixon Denham was born at Salisbury Square, Fleet Street, London on New Year's Day, 1786, the son of James Denham, a haberdasher, and his wife Eleanor, née Symonds.	Dixon Denham	London
place of birth	Thierry Humeau (born November 8, 1961 in Poitiers) is a former French slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	Thierry Humeau	Poitiers
place of birth	John Doremus (August 3, 1931 in Sapulpa, Oklahoma -- July 6, 1995 in Naperville, Illinois) was an American radio personality, best known for his radio syndication of The Passing Parade, a series of short stories of remarkable but relatively unknown episodes throughout history.	John Doremus	Sapulpa
place of birth	Diamond Dixon (born June 29, 1992 in El Paso, Texas) is an American track and field athlete.	Diamond Dixon	El Paso
place of birth	Coleman Coker, born in 1951 in Memphis Tennessee, is an American architect who is best known for his work at the Bridges Center in 2005.	Coleman Coker	Memphis
place of birth	Graham Webb was born on 13 January 1944, as the youngest of five children brought up by a war widow in a slum in Birmingham, England.	Graham Webb	Birmingham
place of birth	Leo Africanus was born as al-Hasan, son of Muhammad in Granada, Islamic Spain, around the year 1494.	Leo Africanus	Granada
place of birth	Gastón Minutillo (born December 19, 1987 in Mar del Plata) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Fénix of the Primera B Metropolitana.	Gastón Minutillo	Mar del Plata
place of birth	Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza (born 17 April 1938, Cenad) is a Romanian-born German, Roman Catholic feminist theologian, who is currently the Krister Stendahl Professor of Divinity at Harvard Divinity School.	Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza	Cenad
place of birth	Little Freddie King (born Fread Eugene Martin, July 19, 1940, McComb, Mississippi) is an American Delta blues guitarist.	Little Freddie King	McComb
place of birth	Dennis Booth (born 9 April 1949 in Stanley Common, England) is an English footballer and coach currently working with the UK Football Finder team.	Dennis Booth	Stanley Common
place of birth	Jan Schaffrath (born March 16, 1971 in Berlin) is a German directeur sportif for UCI ProTeam Omega Pharma-Quick Step and former professional road bicycle racer.	Jan Schaffrath	Berlin
place of birth	Born in Gračanica, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia, Mitar Lukić started his playing career at a local club NK Bratstvo Gračanica.	Mitar Lukić	Gračanica
place of birth	Lawrence Calcagno (1913--1993) was a San Francisco Bay area abstract expressionist painter.	Lawrence Calcagno	San Francisco
place of birth	Thomas Lux was born in Northampton, Massachusetts, son of a milkman and a Sears & Roebuck switchboard operator, neither of whom graduated from high school.	Thomas Lux	Northampton
place of birth	Louis Even (March 23, 1885, Montfort-sur-Meu -- September 27, 1974) was a lay Christian leader and publisher who founded the social credit movement in Quebec.	Louis Even	Montfort-sur-Meu
place of birth	Demián Flores Cortés (Juchitán de Zaragoza, Oaxaca; 1971) is a contemporary Mexican artist who works in multiple media.	Demián Flores	Juchitán de Zaragoza
place of birth	Albuquerque was born in 1867 in Recife, Pernambuco, the son of Dr. José Joaquim de Campos de Medeiros e Albuquerque.	Medeiros e Albuquerque	Recife
place of birth	John of Moscow also known as Blessed John the Fool for Christ was born on the outskirts of Vologda in Russia.	John of Moscow	Vologda
place of birth	Eduard Schlagintweit (23 March 1831 - 1866) was the third of the five Schlagintweit brothers of Munich.	Eduard Schlagintweit	Munich
place of birth	Lars Fredrik Risp (born 15 December 1980 in Lysekil) is a retired Swedish professional footballer who last played for Achna FC in Cyprus.	Fredrik Risp	Lysekil
place of birth	Pamela Tiffin Wonso was born in Oklahoma City to Stanley and Grace Wonso and grew up in Chicago, where she achieved success as a teen model.	Pamela Tiffin	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Matteo Barzini is an Italian filmmaker and producer born in Rome in 1981 and raised in Los Angeles, California.	Matteo Barzini	Rome
place of birth	Burger Lambrechts (born 3 April 1973 in Phalaborwa) is a South African shot putter.	Burger Lambrechts	Phalaborwa
place of birth	Born in 1756, James Athol Wood was the third son of Alexander Wood (died 1778) of Burncroft, Perthshire.	James Athol Wood	Perthshire
place of birth	Cristian Moreni (born November 21, 1972 in Asola) is an Italian former road racing cyclist who rode for Cofidis, le Crédit par Téléphone in the UCI ProTour.	Cristian Moreni	Asola
place of birth	Dieter Meier (born 4 March 1945, Zürich) is a Swiss musician and conceptual artist.	Dieter Meier	Zürich
place of birth	John Stevens Cabot Abbott (September 19, 1805 -- June 17, 1877), an American historian, pastor, and pedagogical writer, was born in Brunswick, Maine to Jacob and Betsey Abbott.	John Stevens Cabot Abbott	Brunswick
place of birth	Maurice Whittle (born 15 July 1948 in Wigan, Lancashire, England), is an English footballer who played as a left back in the Football League.	Maurice Whittle	Wigan
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Hubert (May 25, 1941 in Strasbourg -- May 1, 2006 in Wissembourg) was a science fiction and detective fiction author.	Jean-Pierre Hubert	Strasbourg
place of birth	Xavier Picard (born 1962, Reims) is a French animation director.	Xavier Picard	Reims
place of birth	Governor Trimble was born Hugh Allen Trimble in Augusta County, Virginia to James Trimble, Revolutionary War veteran, and Jane Allen Trimble.	Allen Trimble	Augusta County
place of birth	Jefferson Gottardi (born January 13, 1976 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, died September 4, 2003) was a Bolivian footballer.	Jefferson Gottardi	Santa Cruz
place of birth	Renato Rocha (born 4 July 1975 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian guitarist who plays for Detonautas Roque Clube.	Renato Rocha	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Jean-Michel Savéant (born September 19, 1933 in Rennes) is a French chemist specialized in electrochemistry.	Jean-Michel Savéant	Rennes
place of birth	Leslie Andrews (Phoenix, Arizona, United States, August 18, 1981) is an American motion picture and television actress.	Leslie Andrews	Phoenix
place of birth	Jennifer Bolande (born 1957, Cleveland, Ohio) is an American artist known for work that spans a variety of different media, from photography to sculpture and includes filmic elements.	Jennifer Bolande	Cleveland
place of birth	Randy Weston (born April 6, 1926, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American jazz pianist and composer of Jamaican parentage.	Randy Weston	Brooklyn
place of birth	Hans-Werner Moser (born 24 September 1965 in Kusel) is a German football coach and a former player who was last managing SV Wehen Wiesbaden.	Hans-Werner Moser	Kusel
place of birth	Angela Gerekou (Greek: Άντζελα Γκερέκου) is a Greek politician, actress and architect born in Corfu, in the Ionian Sea, on April 15, 1959.	Angela Gerekou	Corfu
place of birth	Mark Turgeon was born and raised as one of five children in Topeka, Kansas.	Mark Turgeon	Topeka
place of birth	Božo Bakota (5 October 1950 -- 1 October 2015) was a Croatian footballer who throughout his entire professional football career played only for two football clubs, NK Zagreb and SK Sturm Graz.	Božo Bakota	Zagreb
place of birth	Jon Monday (born 1947 in San Jose, California) is an American producer and distributor of CDs and DVDs across an eclectic range of material such as Swami Prabhavananda, Aldous Huxley, Christopher Isherwood, Huston Smith, Chalmers Johnson, and Charles Bukowski.	Jon Monday	San Jose
place of birth	Johannes Govertus de Man (May 2, 1850 in Middelburg -- January 9, 1930 in Middelburg), was a Dutch biologist.	Johannes Govertus de Man	Middelburg
place of birth	Tessa Bonhomme (born July 23, 1985 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a Canadian hockey player and television sports reporter.	Tessa Bonhomme	Sudbury
place of birth	The son of Ernest and Barbara Bowie , Nate Bowie grew up in Kansas City, Kansas.	Nate Bowie	Kansas City
place of birth	Charles Heslop (8 June 1883 in Thames Ditton, England -- 13 April 1966) was a British actor.	Charles Heslop	Thames Ditton
place of birth	Erik de Bruin (born 25 May 1963 in Hardinxveld-Giessendam, Zuid-Holland) is a retired Dutch discus thrower and shot putter.	Erik de Bruin	Hardinxveld
place of birth	Gustav Adolf Neuber (24 June 1850 -- 13 April 1932) was a German surgeon born in Tondern (today- Tønder, Denmark).	Gustav Adolf Neuber	Tønder
place of birth	Giorgio Poggi (born 26 August 1981 in Albenga) is an Italian sailor who specializes in the Finn class.	Giorgio Poggi	Albenga
place of birth	Lacey Schwimmer grew up in a Mormon (The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints) household in Redlands, California.	Lacey Schwimmer	Redlands
place of birth	Fisher Kondowe (born November 6, 1976 in Blantyre) is a Malawian football (soccer) player who currently plays for Big Bullets.	Fisher Kondowe	Blantyre
place of birth	Robert Nazaryan (Armenian: Ռոբերտ Նիկոլայի Նազարյան; born June 26, 1956 in Yerevan) is an Armenian politician, and former mayor of Yerevan.	Robert Nazaryan	Yerevan
place of birth	Spencer Leigh Hughes was born at Trowbridge in Wiltshire, the son of the Reverend James Hughes, a Wesleyan minister.	Spencer Leigh Hughes	Trowbridge
place of birth	Ercan Oezcelik (Ercan Özçelik) (born 1967 in Ordu, Turkey) is an actor and a German citizen.	Ercan Özçelik	Ordu
place of birth	Saidi Ntibazonkiza (born May 1, 1987 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian footballer, who play with Caen.	Saidi Ntibazonkiza	Bujumbura
place of birth	Mary Lilly ( - October 11, 1930) was a Progressive era activist who had a prominent role in New York City's social reform movements during the last decades of the 19th Century and early decades of the 20th Century.	Mary Lilly	New York City
place of birth	Albert Hotopp was born in what he would later describe as a ``grey quarter of Berlin, on the east side of town, just beyond the city limits''.	Albert Hotopp	Berlin
place of birth	Charles Petzold (born February 2, 1953, New Brunswick, New Jersey) is an American programmer and technical author on Microsoft Windows applications.	Charles Petzold	New Brunswick
place of birth	Insooni was born to an African-American father and a South Korean mother in April 1957 in Pocheon, Gyeongi Province, and her upbringing was fraught with difficulties from discrimination against minorities which was severe during this time in South Korea.	Insooni	Pocheon
place of birth	Zeishan Quadri is an Indian writer, actor, director and producer who wrote the story and co-wrote the screenplay for the Bollywood crime genre film Gangs of Wasseypur, directed by Anurag Kashyap.	Zeishan Quadri	Wasseypur
place of birth	Deborah Cox was born in Toronto to parents of Afro-Guyanese descent, grew up in Scarborough, Toronto and attended John XXIII Catholic Elementary School and Earl Haig Secondary School.	Deborah Cox	Toronto
place of birth	Richard Luke Lawton (born August 26, 1980 in New Iberia, Louisiana) is a former American football fullback.	Luke Lawton	New Iberia
place of birth	Zdeněk Mácal (Czech pronunciation: (maːtsal); born 8 January 1936, Brno, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech conductor.	Zdeněk Mácal	Brno
place of birth	Kostas Kaiafas (born 22 September 1974 in Nicosia) is Cypriot former football player and manager who is currently the manager of AC Omonoia.	Kostas Kaiafas	Nicosia
place of birth	Nita Ing (殷琪; born March 17, 1955, in Taipei) is the Taiwanese-born American president of Continental Engineering Corporation and the former chairman of the board of the Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation, the company which built a high-speed railway system from Taipei to Kaohsiung.	Nita Ing	Taipei
place of birth	Ulrike Louise of Solms-Braunfels (1 May 1731 in Hungen, Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt -- 12 September 1792 in Bad Homburg) was a Countess of Solms-Braunfels by birth, and by marriage a Landgravine of Hesse-Homburg.	Ulrike Louise of Solms-Braunfels	Hungen
place of birth	Frederik Ruysch was born in The Hague as the son of a government functionary and started as a pupil of druggist.	Frederik Ruysch	The Hague
place of birth	Sherry Bryce (born May 28, 1946 in Duncanville, Alabama) is an American country music artist.	Sherry Bryce	Duncanville, Alabama
place of birth	Vicky Exley (born 22 October 1975) is an English former international footballer from Rotherham in South Yorkshire.	Vicky Exley	Rotherham
place of birth	In 2012 Thomas Neir joined the board of Seattle Tilth, and was appointed to Kirkland, Washington's Transportation Commission in 2009 and is currently Vice Chair.	Thomas Neir	Kirkland
place of birth	Cynthia Bathurst (born in Birmingham, Alabama) is an animal welfare advocate, winner of a national veterinary award, and founder and director of Safe Humane Chicago, a nonprofit which includes the first of its kind Court Case Dog Program.	Cynthia Bathurst	Birmingham
place of birth	Daniela Kotschová (born September 19, 1985 in Poprad) is a Slovak cross-country skier.	Daniela Kotschová	Poprad
place of birth	Arzu Ece (born Arzu Özkaraman; 1963, Istanbul), known as ``Ece'', is a Turkish singer, best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1989 and 1995.	Arzu Ece	Istanbul
place of birth	Anton Heimerl (15 February 1857, Budapest - 4 March 1943) was an Austrian botanist.	Anton Heimerl	Budapest
place of birth	Marcelo Madureira is the stage name of Marcelo Barreto Garmatter (Curitiba, May 24, 1958), a Brazilian comedian.	Marcelo Madureira	Curitiba
place of birth	Diana Navarro Ocaña (Málaga, 21 April 1978), better known as Diana Navarro, is a Spanish singer.	Diana Navarro	Málaga
place of birth	Cornelis de Zeeuw (1540s -- 1570s) was a Flemish painter from Antwerp active in England.	Cornelis de Zeeuw	Antwerp
place of birth	Calista Flockhart was born in Freeport, Illinois, the daughter of Kay, an English teacher, and Ronald Flockhart, a Kraft Foods executive.	Calista Flockhart	Freeport
place of birth	Dianne Houston (born July 22, 1954 in Washington, D.C.) is an African-American film director, producer and screenwriter.	Dianne Houston	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Gui Boratto (born 1974 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian electronic music producer.	Gui Boratto	São Paulo
place of birth	Giannis Firinidis, (Greek: Γιάννης Φιρινίδης; born 1 July 1983 in Katerini, Pieria, is a Greek professional football player. He is currently playing as a Goalkeeper for Kavala.	Giannis Firinidis	Katerini
place of birth	Algimantas Liubinskas (born 4 November 1951 in Kybartai) is a Lithuanian politician and former manager of the Lithuania national football team and last time he is the head coach of FC Kaisar in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Algimantas Liubinskas	Kybartai
place of birth	Jeannie Pepper (born July 9, 1958 in Chicago, Illinois), is a pornographic actress.	Jeannie Pepper	Chicago
place of birth	Johann Brotan was born in Klattau, now Klatovy in the Czech Republic.	Johann Brotan	Klatovy
place of birth	Edoardo Catinali (born 16 August 1982 in Naples) is an Italian professional football player.Who currently plays a Ischia Isolaverde.	Edoardo Catinali	Naples
place of birth	Born in Pindamonhangaba, São Paulo, Luiz Gustavo started his professional career at Corinthians Alagoano.	Luiz Gustavo	Pindamonhangaba
place of birth	Born in Naples, Lina Sastri made her film debut in Il prefetto di ferro, in 1977.	Lina Sastri	Naples
place of birth	Davor Bernardić (born 5 January 1980) is a Croatian politician and currently leader of the Zagreb SDP.	Davor Bernardić	Zagreb
place of birth	Nicolas Bodington was the son of Oliver Bodington international lawyer and Mary (née Redner), he was born in Paris.	Nicolas Bodington	Paris
place of birth	Paydin LoPachin (January 18, 1988) is an American actress born in Abilene, Texas.	Paydin LoPachin	Abilene
place of birth	James Spann (born June 6, 1956 in Huntsville, Alabama) is a television meteorologist based in Birmingham, Alabama.	James Spann	Huntsville
place of birth	Daniel Döringer (born 26 February 1991 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1.FC Saarbrücken in the Regionalliga Südwest	Daniel Döringer	Frankfurt
place of birth	Michael Mathieu (born 24 June 1984) is a Bahamian sprinter from Freeport, Grand Bahama who specializes in 200 metres and 400 metres.	Michael Mathieu	Grand Bahama
place of birth	Janet Gunn (nee Janet Lynn Fulkerson) is an American actress who was born on November 2, 1961, in Fort Worth, Texas.	Janet Gunn	Fort Worth
place of birth	Paxson, a guard-forward born in Kettering, Ohio and the son of former NBA player Jim Paxson, Sr., played college basketball at the University of Dayton.	Jim Paxson	Kettering
place of birth	Colette Bonheur is observed in the radio show The Phantom of the keyboard (piano) CKVL-FM (Montreal), led by Jacques Normand, Gilles Pellerin and pianist Billy Munro in the late 1940s.	Colette Bonheur	Montreal
place of birth	The youngest of the four children of William Martin Steinbeck and Lily Clarissa (née Batten), Muriel Steinbeck was born in Broken Hill, New South Wales, where her father was working as a headmaster.	Muriel Steinbeck	Broken Hill
place of birth	Freddie Pendleton (born January 5, 1963 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a retired professional boxer in the lightweight (135lb) division.	Freddie Pendleton	Philadelphia
place of birth	Baron Franz Xaver von Zach (Franz Xaver Freiherr von Zach) (4 June 1754 -- 2 September 1832) was a Hungarian astronomer born at Pest, Hungary (now Budapest in Hungary).	Franz Xaver von Zach	Pest
place of birth	Stephen Sung Lin Yung (born 7 May 1965 in Tianjin) is a retired Chinese football player who represented the Hong Kong football team.	Sung Lin Yung	Tianjin
place of birth	Richard Rompala was born in 1947 to a working class family on Pittsburgh's strongly Eastern European South Side.	Richard Rompala	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Piero Capponi (1447 -- September 25, 1496) was an Italian statesman and warrior from Florence.	Piero Capponi	Florence
place of birth	Peter Dobson (born July 19, 1964, Red Bank, New Jersey) is an American actor who has starred in the films Sing, The Frighteners, Drowning Mona, The Poseidon Adventure and Last Exit to Brooklyn.	Peter Dobson	Red Bank
place of birth	Marsha Ambrosius is an English singer-songwriter from Liverpool, England.	Marsha Ambrosius	Liverpool
place of birth	Stewart McKimmie (born 27 October 1962) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who predominantly played for home town club Aberdeen.	Stewart McKimmie	Aberdeen
place of birth	Ante Rožić (born 8 March 1986 in Bankstown, New South Wales) is a Croatian football (soccer) player who plays for Suphanburi FC in the Thai Premier League.	Ante Rožić	Bankstown
place of birth	Saadet Aksoy has been in the juries of such film festivals as Cairo International Film Festival, Sarajevo Film Festival and Istanbul Film Festival.	Saadet Aksoy	Istanbul
place of birth	Rosalie Sorrels (born June 24, 1933) is an American folk singer-songwriter who resides in the mountains near Boise, Idaho.	Rosalie Sorrels	Boise
place of birth	Charles Umlauf (July 17, 1911 -- 1994) was an American sculptor and teacher who was born in South Haven, Michigan.	Charles Umlauf	South Haven
place of birth	Dominique Michel, OC, CQ (born September 24, 1932 in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec as Aimée Sylvestre) is a Quebec comedian, actress, singer and artist.	Dominique Michel	Sorel-Tracy
place of birth	Sydney Camm was born at 10 Alma Road in Windsor, Berkshire, the eldest child of the twelve children of Frederick Camm, a carpenter/joiner and Mary Smith.	Sydney Camm	Windsor
place of birth	Dudley Mason was born into a simple family in Surbiton.	Dudley Mason	Surbiton
place of birth	Lon Satton (born 1929, Philadelphia. U.S.) is an actor and composer mostly known in Britain.	Lon Satton	Philadelphia
place of birth	Sophie Falkiner (born 20 March 1974 in Melbourne) is an Australian television presenter.	Sophie Falkiner	Melbourne
place of birth	Born Christine Elise McCarthy in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of artists, she graduated from the Boston Latin School in 1983.	Christine Elise	Boston
place of birth	Samantha Cameron's birth was registered in Paddington, London.	Samantha Cameron	Paddington
place of birth	Bruno Junqueira (born November 4, 1976 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian race car driver that most recently competed in the IRL IndyCar Series.	Bruno Junqueira	Belo Horizonte
place of birth	Pirjo Muranen (née Manninen, born March 8, 1981 in Rovaniemi) is a retired Finnish cross-country skier.	Pirjo Muranen	Rovaniemi
place of birth	Koen van de Laak (born 3 September 1982 in Vught) is a Dutch football player who is currently a free agent.	Koen van de Laak	Vught
place of birth	Tsjibbe Gearts van der Meulen (May 6, 1824 -- March 16, 1906) was a West Frisian-language writer and poet from the town of Burgum in the Dutch province of Friesland.	Tsjibbe Gearts van der Meulen	Burgum
place of birth	Jimmy Kamghain (born 3 July 1992, Avignon) is a French footballer, who is currently playing for Belgian side Roeselare on loan from Kortrijk.	Jimmy Kamghain	Avignon
place of birth	Aracy Balabanian (born February 22, 1940 in Campo Grande) is a Brazilian actress of Armenian origin.	Aracy Balabanian	Campo Grande
place of birth	Timothy Bond (born 1942 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian director and screenwriter.	Timothy Bond	Ottawa
place of birth	Ivan Jurić (born 25 August 1975 in Split) is a Croatian former footballer who is the current manager of Crotone.	Ivan Jurić	Split
place of birth	Born in Messina, Sicily, Santi Visalli left Italy in 1956 to begin a three-year journey around the world by jeep that ultimately landed him in New York City.	Santi Visalli	Messina
place of birth	The army transport USAT General Maurice Rose, the Rose Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, and the MG Maurice Rose United States Armed Forces Reserve Center in Middletown, CT are named in his honor.	Maurice Rose	Middletown
place of birth	Johann Smith (born April 25, 1987 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American soccer player who currently plays for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League as a forward, winger, and left back.	Johann Smith	Hartford
place of birth	Jana Galíková-Hlaváčová (born 22 January 1963 in Brno) is an orienteering competitor who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Jana Galíková-Hlaváčová	Brno
place of birth	Ali Al-Khaibari (Arabic: علي الخيبري; born 2 February 1990 in Sakakah) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al-Nassr.	Ali Al-Khaibari	Sakakah
place of birth	Born Farhana Tasmin Lucia-Khan in London, she is of Bangladeshi descent.	Tasmin Lucia-Khan	London
place of birth	Jana Horáková (born September 24, 1983 in Prostějov) is a Czech professional BMX cyclist.	Jana Horáková	Prostějov
place of birth	Grigory Victorovich Lepsveridze (Russian: Григо́рий Ви́кторович Лепсверидзе, Georgian: გრიგორი ვიქტორის-ძე ლეფსვერიძე) known as Grigory Leps (born 16 July 1962 in Sochi), is a Russian singer-songwriter of Georgian origin.	Grigory Leps	Sochi
place of birth	Dick Van Dyke was born on December 13, 1925, in West Plains, Missouri, to Hazel Victoria (née McCord; 1896--1992), a stenographer, and Loren Wayne Van Dyke (1900--1976), a salesman.	Dick Van Dyke	Missouri
place of birth	Sylvia Garcia (born 29 June 1987 in Chile), more commonly known as Jena Lee, is a French singer.	Jena Lee	Chile
place of birth	Mary McGuckian (born 27 May 1963) is a film director, producer and screenwriter from Northern Ireland.	Mary McGuckian	Northern Ireland
place of birth	Dominik Kuhn was raised in Reutlingen and took his Abitur in 1989.	Dominik Kuhn	Reutlingen
place of birth	Born in Kassel, Julius Jacob von Haynau was the illegitimate son of Rosa Dorothea Ritter, and William I (1743-1821), the landgrave (later elector) of Hesse-Kassel.	Julius Jacob von Haynau	Kassel
place of birth	Hanna Johansen, born Hanna Margarete Meyer (17 June 1939 in Bremen), is a Swiss writer.	Hanna Johansen	Bremen
place of birth	Maximilian de Angelis was born as an officer's son on October 2, 1889 in Budapest.	Maximilian de Angelis	Budapest
place of birth	Kostyantyn Morozov was born in a village of Lozova Pavlivka (today part of Brianka city, Luhanska Oblast) on June 3, 1944 in a family of a mine electrician and a school teacher.	Kostyantyn Morozov	Brianka
place of birth	Harold Laski was born in Manchester on 30 June 1893 to Nathan Laski and Sarah Laski (born Frankenstein).	Harold Laski	Manchester
place of birth	Michael Mak Kwok-fung (simplified Chinese: 麦国风; traditional Chinese: 麥國風) (born 23 August 1955 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong politician.	Michael Mak	Hong Kong
place of birth	Arnold Marquis was born in Dortmund on 6 April 1921 as the son of a banker.	Arnold Marquis	Dortmund
place of birth	Dana Frankfort (born 1971, Houston, Texas) is an artist based in New York and a painting professor at Boston University College of Fine Arts.	Dana Frankfort	Houston
place of birth	Françoise Mouly (born 1955) is a Paris-born New York-based designer, editor, and publisher.	Françoise Mouly	Paris
place of birth	Stan Pilecki (born 4 February 1947 in a refugee camp in Augustdorf, Germany) is a former Australian Rugby Union player with Polish roots.	Stan Pilecki	Augustdorf
place of birth	Otto Canella (born c. 1070, died before 1143) was Consul of the Republic of Genoa in 1133, and an ancestor of the House of Grimaldi, the family that currently rules Monaco.	Otto Canella	Genoa
place of birth	Jerry Vainisi was the general manager and executive vice president of the Chicago Bears and is current chairman/CEO, as well as the former owner, of Forest Park National Bank & Trust Co.	Jerry Vainisi	Chicago
place of birth	Archie Fisher was born in Glasgow on 23 October 1939 into a large singing family.	Archie Fisher	Glasgow
place of birth	Janne Lindberg (born 24 May 1966 in Kuusankoski) is a Finnish former professional footballer managing Finnish fourth-tier side Sudet.	Janne Lindberg	Kuusankoski
place of birth	Boris Yeltsin was born in the village of Butka, Talitsky District, Sverdlovsk, USSR, on 1 February 1931.	Boris Yeltsin	Butka
place of birth	Wang Shenchao (Chinese: 王燊超; pinyin: Wáng Shēnchāo; born 8 February 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League.	Wang Shenchao	Shanghai
place of birth	Poon Yiu Cheuk (Chinese: 潘耀焯; Jyutping: pun1 jiu6 coek3, born 19 September 1977 in Hong Kong) is a retired Hong Kong professional football left-back.	Poon Yiu Cheuk	Hong Kong
place of birth	Jan Kiesser (born Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a cinematographer who won a Leo Award for the 2006 film Fido and many other nominations including Primetime Emmy Award.	Jan Kiesser	Winnipeg
place of birth	Giovanni Cinqui or Giovanni del Cinque (Scarperia, 1667 -1743) was an Italian painter.	Giovanni Cinqui	Scarperia
place of birth	Genta Masuno (Japanese: 増野 元太; born 24 May 1993 in Hakodate) is a Japanese athlete specialising in the 110 metres hurdles.	Genta Masuno	Hakodate
place of birth	Aivaras Baranauskas (born April 6, 1980 in Alytus) is a retired Lithuanian professional track cyclist.	Aivaras Baranauskas	Alytus
place of birth	Ludwig von Henk (March 4, 1820, Anklam -- October 17, 1894) was a German naval officer, who distinguished himself in the Prussian Navy and later in the Imperial German Navy of the German Empire.	Ludwig von Henk	Anklam
place of birth	Frank Buchman was born in Pennsburg, Pennsylvania, United States, the son of a wholesale liquor salesman and restaurateur and a pious Lutheran mother.	Frank Buchman	Pennsylvania
place of birth	John Rubens Smith (January 23, 1775 -- August 21, 1849) was a London-born painter, printmaker and art instructor who worked in the United States.	John Rubens Smith	London
place of birth	Queenie Thomas (1898--1977) was a British actress, born in Cardiff, Wales, on 18 June 1898 and died on 11 October 1977.	Queenie Thomas	Wales
place of birth	Elka Graham (born 20 October 1981), now known by her married name Elka Whalan, is an Australian former competition swimmer who swam in the 2000 Sydney Olympics and 2004 Athens Olympics.	Elka Graham	Sydney
place of birth	Abdul Waheed Kakar was born on 20 March 1937 at Peshawar, British India (now Pakistan).	Abdul Waheed Kakar	Peshawar
place of birth	Vakkom Majeed (born S. Abdul Majeed; Malayalam: വക്കം മജീദ്; 20 December 1909 -- 10 July 2000) was an Indian freedom fighter, politician and a former member of the Travancore-Cochin State Assembly.	Vakkom Majeed	Travancore
place of birth	Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, Mamo Clark sailed to the mainland United States on the SS Malolo on July 1, 1933 with her stepmother May Kaaolani Clark and father Joseph Kealakaimana Clark.	Mamo Clark	Honolulu
place of birth	Ermolao Barbaro was born in Venice, the son of Zaccaria Barbaro, and the grandson of Francesco Barbaro.	Ermolao Barbaro	Venice
place of birth	Johann Rihosek was born in Maków Podhalański, Galicia, in modern-day Poland on 5 June 1869.	Johann Rihosek	Maków Podhalański
place of birth	Sergei Sviatchenko (born 1952 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian-born artist who has lived in Denmark since 1990.	Sergei Sviatchenko	Kharkiv
place of birth	Pierre Bastien (born 1953 in Paris) is a French musician, composer, and experimental musical instrument builder.	Pierre Bastien	Paris
place of birth	Rainer Forst (born August 15, 1964, Wiesbaden) is a German philosopher and political theorist, and was named the ``most important political philosopher of his generation'' in 2012, when he won the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize.	Rainer Forst	Wiesbaden
place of birth	Freddie Keppard (sometimes rendered as Freddy Keppard) (February 27, 1889 -- July 15, 1933) was an early jazz cornetist who once held the title of ``King'' in the New Orleans jazz scene.	Freddie Keppard	New Orleans
place of birth	Susana Escobar (born December 13, 1987 in Guanajuato, Guanajuato) is a Mexican swimmer and Olympian.	Susana Escobar	Guanajuato
place of birth	Dr. Ernst Thomke was born on 21 April 1939 in Biel/Bienne Canton of Berne, on the Franco-German linguistic border.	Ernst Thomke	Biel/Bienne
place of birth	Duduka da Fonseca, born Eduardo Moreira da Fonseca (Rio de Janeiro, March 31 1951) is a Brazilian jazz musician and drummer.	Duduka da Fonseca	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Nadine Capellmann (born in Würselen on July 9, 1965) is a German equestrian who has won been a part of two gold medalist teams in Team dressage.	Nadine Capellmann	Würselen
place of birth	Ralph Votapek (born 1939 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American pianist notable for winning the First Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in 1962.	Ralph Votapek	Milwaukee
place of birth	Edgar Gabriel Balbuena Adorno or, simply, Edgar Balbuena (born 20 November 1980 in Capiatá) is a Paraguayan footballer.	Edgar Balbuena	Capiatá
place of birth	Fahmida Riaz was born on 28 July 1946 in a literary family of Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Fahmida Riaz	Meerut
place of birth	Big Shug (born Cary Guy) is a hip hop artist and actor from Boston, Massachusetts, and a member of the Gang Starr Foundation collective.	Big Shug	Boston
place of birth	Joachim Kirst (born 21 May 1947, in Neustadt/Harz) is a retired East German decathlete.	Joachim Kirst	Neustadt/Harz
place of birth	Lamia Chafei Seghaier, (born 4 May 1968 in Tunis), is an Tunisian engineer and politician.	Lamia Chafei Seghaier	Tunis
place of birth	Miguel Primo de Rivera was born into a landowning military family of Jerez de la Frontera.	Miguel Primo de Rivera	Jerez de la Frontera
place of birth	Lisa Angelle (New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American country music singer-songwriter.	Lisa Angelle	New Orleans
place of birth	Hassoma Bino Bamba (born 21 December 1990 in Bondoukou) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Apollon 1926 in the Greek Football League as a defensive midfielder.	Hassoma Bino Bamba	Bondoukou
place of birth	David Sandlin was born in 1956, in Belfast, Northern Ireland, of an Northern Irish mother and American father, who had met and married in Belfast during the Second World War.	David Sandlin	Belfast
place of birth	Nikolay Atanasov (Bulgarian: Николай Атанасов; born 11 December 1974 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian long jumper.	Nikolay Atanasov	Sofia
place of birth	Jorge Mas Canosa was born into a religious, middle-class family in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba on Sept. 21, 1939.	Jorge Mas Canosa	Santiago de Cuba
place of birth	Tiffany Shepis (born September 11, 1979) is an American actress from New York City, who has been involved in film-making since the age of 12.	Tiffany Shepis	New York City
place of birth	Valeria Bystritskaia (born 20 June 1986 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a German beauty queen, model and actress.	Valeria Bystritskaia	Moscow
place of birth	Maya Lauqué was born in Bayonne in the department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques, the daughter of Henri Lauqué, presenter of the committee of the Fêtes de Bayonne.	Maya Lauqué	Bayonne
place of birth	Michel Danino was born in 1956 at Honfleur (France) into a family which had emigrated from Morocco.	Michel Danino	Honfleur
place of birth	Jan Mládek (born June 1, 1960, Jindřichův Hradec, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech economist and politician (ČSSD).	Jan Mládek	Jindřichův Hradec
place of birth	Petr Placák (born 8 January 1964 in Prague), also known under pseudonym Petr Zmrzlík, is a Czech writer.	Petr Placák	Prague
place of birth	Kyle Seeback (born August 19, 1970) is a Canadian lawyer, who was elected as the member of parliament (MP) for Brampton West in the 2011 election.	Kyle Seeback	Brampton
place of birth	Alfred Fowler, CBE FRS (22 March 1868, in Yorkshire -- 24 June 1940) was an English astronomer.	Alfred Fowler	Yorkshire
place of birth	Jérôme Le Banner was born in the French city of Le Havre, in the région of Normandy and began training in judo at the age of five.	Jérôme Le Banner	Le Havre
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Chavannes (around 1748, Grande-Rivière-du-Nord -- 23 February 1791, Cap-Français) was a Haitian abolitionist and soldier.	Jean-Baptiste Chavannes	Grande-Rivière-du-Nord
place of birth	Waylon Woolcock (born 8 July 1982 in Middelburg) is a South African professional mountain biker, riding for Team RE:	Waylon Woolcock	Middelburg
place of birth	Steve Lombardi (born April 18, 1961) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and road agent, better known by his ring name, the Brooklyn Brawler.	Steve Lombardi	Brooklyn
place of birth	Sir George Elliot, 1st Baronet, JP (18 March 1814 -- 23 December 1893) was a self-made businessman from Gateshead in the North-East of England.	Sir George Elliot, 1st Baronet	Gateshead
place of birth	Craig Midgley (born 24 June 1976 in Bradford, England) is an English footballer who is a striker.	Craig Midgley	Bradford
place of birth	Richard Lewis Springthorpe (later known as Rick Springfield) was born on 23 August 1949 in Merrylands, a western suburb of Sydney.	Rick Springfield	Sydney
place of birth	Barbara Nadalin (December 22, 1972 in San Vito al Tagliamento - July 14, 2012 in Udine) was an Italian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2000s.	Barbara Nadalin	San Vito al Tagliamento
place of birth	Antonio Kim Ciccarelli (Naples 23 February 1974), is an economist and Italian businessman	Antonio Kim Ciccarelli	Naples
place of birth	Dramane Kamaté (born August 31, 1985 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a professional footballer who currently plays for Andorra CF in the Spanish Third Division Group 17.	Dramane Kamaté	Abidjan
place of birth	Luke Folwell (born 15 May 1987) is an English gymnast from Northampton.	Luke Folwell	Northampton
place of birth	Didier Astruc (born in Versailles) carried out his studies in chemistry in Rennes.	Didier Astruc	Versailles
place of birth	John Coggeshall, the son of John and Ann (Butter) Coggeshall, was born and raised in northeastern Essex, England, being baptized at Halstead.	John Coggeshall	Halstead
place of birth	Eli Zizov (Hebrew: אלי זיזוב‎; born 30 January 1991 in Beersheba) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Kiryat Gat.	Eli Zizov	Beersheba
place of birth	Maciej Stachowiak was born in Koszalin, Poland to Anna and Grzegorz Stachowiak, both of whom were educated as engineers in Poland.	Maciej Stachowiak	Koszalin
place of birth	Charles W. Sandford was born in Newark, New Jersey to William B. Sandford, a farmer and veteran of the American Revolutionary War, on May 5, 1796.	Charles W. Sandford	Newark
place of birth	Luca Brandolini was born in Monte Compatri, and entered the Congregation of the Mission, more commonly known as the Lazarists, in October 1953.	Luca Brandolini	Monte Compatri
place of birth	Michael Lorkowski (born February 26, 1955 in Hamburg) is a former German football player and current manager.	Michael Lorkowski	Hamburg
place of birth	Fred Smollan was born in Uitenhage, South Africa in 1908 to David Smollan and Mathilda Goldwater, the second of four brothers.	Fred Smollan	Uitenhage
place of birth	Aleksandr Troshchilo (Belarusian: Аляксандар Трашчыла; born January 16, 1960 in Minsk, Belarusian SSR) is a retired track and field sprinter from the Soviet Union, known for winning the bronze medal in the men's 4x400 metres relay at the 1982 European Championships.	Aleksandr Troshchilo	Minsk
place of birth	Mary Palmer (9 February 1716 -- 27 May 1794), née Mary Reynolds, was an author from Devon, England, who wrote Devonshire Dialogue, once considered the ``best piece of literature in the vernacular of Devon''.	Mary Palmer	Devon
place of birth	Adnan Oktar was born in Ankara, Turkey, in 1956, and raised there through his high school years, where he studied the works of Islamic scholars like Said Nursi, a Muslim Kurdish scholar who wrote Risale-i Nur, an extensive Qur'anic commentary which includes a comprehensive political and religious ideology.	Adnan Oktar	Ankara
place of birth	Nihal Bhareti is a popular radio announcer with the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation in Colombo.	Nihal Bhareti	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Marc-Alain Ouaknin (born March 5, 1957, in Paris), both a rabbi and a philosopher, he is the son of Rabbi Jacques Ouaknin (b. 1932, Marrakesh, Morocco) and Eliane Erlich Ouaknin (b. 1932, Lille; d. 2007, Marseille.)	Marc-Alain Ouaknin	Paris
place of birth	Juanita Wilson is an Irish director and writer from Dublin.	Juanita Wilson	Dublin
place of birth	Edward Lamson Henry (January 12, 1841 -- May 9, 1919), commonly known as E.L. Henry, was an American genre painter, born in Charleston, South Carolina.	Edward Lamson Henry	Charleston
place of birth	Luke Reynolds was born and raised in and around Cornwall Vermont in a geodesic dome that his parents built in 1970.	Luke Reynolds	Cornwall
place of birth	Dale Kennington was born in Savannah, Georgia and has lived most of her life in Dothan, Alabama.	Dale Kennington	Savannah
place of birth	Robert Tjian (Traditional Chinese: 錢澤南; born 1949 in Hong Kong) is an Asian-American biochemist best known for his work on eukaryotic transcription.	Robert Tjian	Hong Kong
place of birth	Roland Jahn (born on 14 July 1953 in Jena, Thuringia) is a German journalist and former East German dissident who took office as Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Records in March 2011.	Roland Jahn	Jena
place of birth	Arthur Herbert Copeland (June 22, 1898 Rochester, New York -- July 6, 1970) was an American mathematician.	Arthur Herbert Copeland	Rochester
place of birth	Pascal Couchepin (born 5 April 1942 in Martigny, Valais) is a Swiss politician, former member of the Swiss Federal Council (1998--2009) and President of the Confederation in 2003 and 2008.	Pascal Couchepin	Martigny
place of birth	Peter Hehir (born 1949 in Sydney) is an Australian film and television actor.	Peter Hehir	Sydney
place of birth	J. T. Petty (self-styled JT Petty, born February 28, 1977 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American dialogue video game writer.	J. T. Petty	Raleigh
place of birth	Edmond Butler was born in Ireland and immigrated to the United States as a young man.	Edmond Butler	Ireland
place of birth	Georgios Gennimatas (Greek: Γεώργιος Γεννηματάς, 1873 in Laconia -- ??) was a Greek athlete.	Georgios Gennimatas	Laconia
place of birth	Siren Sundby (born 2 December 1982 in Lørenskog) is a former Norwegian sailor.	Siren Sundby	Lørenskog
place of birth	Bryan Nickson Lomas (born 30 June 1990 in Kuching, Sarawak) is a former Malaysian diver.	Bryan Nickson Lomas	Kuching
place of birth	Giacomo Boncompagni was born in Bologna, the son of Ugo Boncompagni and his mistress from Carpi, Maddalena Fulchini.	Giacomo Boncompagni	Bologna
place of birth	Jana Plodková (sometimes Jana Plodek; born 5 August 1981, Jičín) is a Czech actress.	Jana Plodková	Jičín
place of birth	Virginie de Clausade began her career on television presenting with Laurent Nicourt and Hervé Nicourt the short program Que dire ? on channel Paris Première during a few months.	Virginie de Clausade	Paris
place of birth	Nina Mae McKinney was born in 1912 in the small town of Lancaster, South Carolina, to Georgia and Hal McKinney.	Nina Mae McKinney	Lancaster, South Carolina
place of birth	Carmen Mastren (born Carmine Mastrandrea, 6 October 1913 -- 31 March 1981) was an American jazz guitarist, banjoist and violinist born in Cohoes, New York.	Carmen Mastren	New York
place of birth	Leon Mettam (born 9 December 1986 in Lincoln) is an English footballer, who currently plays for Conference North side Tamworth, where he plays as a striker.	Leon Mettam	Lincoln
place of birth	Baldassare Croce (Bologna, 1558--November 8, 1628) was an Italian painter, active during the late-Mannerist period, active mainly in and around Rome.	Baldassare Croce	Bologna
place of birth	Reggie Diergaardt (born September 9, 1957 in Upington, Northern Cape) is a Namibian politician and former member of the National Assembly of Namibia.	Reggie Diergaardt	Upington
place of birth	Landis Gores (August 31, 1919 -- March 18, 1991) was an American architect, native to Cincinnati, Ohio.	Landis Gores	Cincinnati
place of birth	Orsippus (Greek: Ὄρσιππος) was a Greek runner from Megara who was famed as the first to run the footrace naked at the Olympic Games and ``first of all Greeks to be crowned victor naked.''	Orsippus	Megara
place of birth	Kjetil Sælen (born February 21, 1969) is a Norwegian football referee from Bergen.	Kjetil Sælen	Bergen
place of birth	Jaroslav Augusta (September 4, 1878 in Humpolec - February 28, 1970 in Banská Štiavnica) was a Czechoslovakian painter, based in modern day Slovakia.	Jaroslav Augusta	Humpolec
place of birth	Porfirije Perić (born July 22, 1961 in Bečej) is Metropolitan of Zagreb and Ljubljana of Serbian Orthodox Church.	Porfirije Perić	Bečej
place of birth	Babul Supriyo was born and bred in Uttarpara, a small town on the banks of the Hooghly River in West Bengal.	Babul Supriyo	Uttarpara
place of birth	Nick Moorcroft (born 22 December 1978 in Chelmsford, Essex) is an English screenwriter and film producer.	Nick Moorcroft	Chelmsford
place of birth	Faison was born in Harlem in New York City, the son of Shirley, a talent agent, and Donald Faison, a building manager.	Donald Faison	New York City
place of birth	Priit Narusk (born 8 December 1977, Võru) is a retired Estonian cross-country skier.	Priit Narusk	Võru
place of birth	Julie Rogers (born Julie Rolls, 6 April 1943, Bermondsey, London, England) is an English pop singer.	Julie Rogers	Bermondsey
place of birth	Anton Weissenbacher (born 20 January 1965 in Baia Mare) is a former Romanian football right back, he was part of Steaua Bucureşti squad, which won the European Cup in 1986, he also played the Intercontinental Cup final in the same year.	Anton Weissenbacher	Baia Mare
place of birth	Panaetius (/pəˈniːʃiəs/; Greek: Παναίτιος; c. 185 - c. 110/109 BC) of Rhodes was a Stoic philosopher.	Panaetius	Rhodes
place of birth	Samuel Meekosha, born in Leeds, his family moved to Bradford when he was a baby, and Samuel always looked on that city as his home.	Samuel Meekosha	Leeds
place of birth	Born in Schiedam, he is the second son of Pieter van Vollenhoven, Sr. (1897--1977) and his wife Jacoba Gijsbertha Stuylingh de Lange (1906--1983).	Pieter van Vollenhoven	Schiedam
place of birth	She was born Alicia Esteve Head in Barcelona, Spain.	Alicia Esteve Head	Spain
place of birth	Eddy Wauters (born 12 July 1933) is the former chairman of Royal Antwerp Football Club.	Eddy Wauters	Antwerp
place of birth	Catherine Destivelle was born in Oran, in French Algeria, to French parents, Serge and Annie Destivelle.	Catherine Destivelle	Oran
place of birth	Mildred Allen was born in Sharon, Massachusetts to MIT professor C. Frank Allen and Caroline Hadley Allen.	Mildred Allen	Sharon
place of birth	Suleyman Rustam was born on November 27, 1906 in Novxanı village in family of a blacksmith.	Suleyman Rustam	Novxanı
place of birth	Manfred Petz (born 5 May 1961 in Mainz) is a German former goalkeeper.	Manfred Petz	Mainz
place of birth	Emma Abbott was born in 1850 in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of the struggling Chicago musician Seth Abbott and his wife Almira (née Palmer).	Emma Abbott	Chicago
place of birth	Rigoberto Torres (born 1960) is a sculptor who was born in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico and worked in New York City, before moving to Florida where he currently lives and works.	Rigoberto Torres	Aguadilla
place of birth	Fábio Braz do Nascimento or simply Fábio Braz (born December 2, 1978 in São Paulo) is a football player.	Fábio Braz	São Paulo
place of birth	Stephen Gregory Bier Jr. (born March 6, 1964, Fort Lauderdale, Florida), formerly known by his stage name Madonna Wayne Gacy and by the nickname Pogo (John Wayne Gacy's clown name), is the former keyboard player for Marilyn Manson, from 1989 to 2007.	Madonna Wayne Gacy	Fort Lauderdale
place of birth	André Brochu (born 3 March 1942 Saint-Eustache) is a poet, essayist and professor of Quebecois littérature.	André Brochu	Saint-Eustache
place of birth	Arsen Sykaj (born 16 April 1990 in Shkodër) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a central defender for Besëlidhja Lezhë in the Albanian First Division.	Arsen Sykaj	Shkodër
place of birth	Jacob Hufty (died May 20, 1814) was a U.S. Representative from New Jersey.	Jacob Hufty	New Jersey
place of birth	Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu studied theater and film at the Sorbonne Paris III and began his career in film at the age of 25 by making appearances with acclaimed directors.	Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu	Paris
place of birth	Daniel Mauch (ca. 1477, Ulm -- 1540, Lüttich) was a late Gothic German sculptor.	Daniel Mauch	Ulm
place of birth	Boris Shiryaev (born October 27 (November 7), 1887 in Moscow, Russian Empire - died on April 17, 1959 in San Remo, Italy) was a Russian writer of the ``second wave'' of exile and a participant of the Russian apostolate in the Russian Diaspora.	Boris Shiryaev	Moscow
place of birth	Charles Portis was born in 1933 to Samuel Palmer and Alice Waddell Portis in El Dorado, Arkansas.	Charles Portis	El Dorado
place of birth	Michael Louden (April 21, 1964 -- September 4, 2004) was born in Marblehead, Massachusetts and went on to become an actor.	Michael Louden	Marblehead
place of birth	Georgios Salamastrakis (Greek: Γεώργιος Σαλαμαστράκης; born on 21 December 1981 in Rhodes) is a Greek footballer.	Georgios Salamastrakis	Rhodes
place of birth	Jesús Padilla (born March 3, 1987 in San Jose, California) is a Mexican American football player who plays as a striker for Cimarrones de Sonora in the Ascenso MX.	Jesús Padilla	San Jose
place of birth	Miroslav Konštanc Adam, OP (born August 2, 1963 in Michalovce) is a Slovak Roman Catholic priest since June 24, 1995, doctor of the canonical law since 2001, appointed the rector of Angelicum on March 26, 2012 (installed on May 4).	Miroslav Konštanc Adam	Michalovce
place of birth	Shannon Rempel (born November 26, 1984 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian speed skater.	Shannon Rempel	Winnipeg
place of birth	Rolando Santiago Jácome Ponce, known simply as Santiago Jácome (born April 4, 1973 in Quito), is a retired Ecuadorian footballer who currently is the sporting director of LDU Quito.	Santiago Jácome	Quito
place of birth	Louis C. Camilleri (born 1955, Alexandria, Egypt) is the Chairman of Philip Morris International.	Louis C. Camilleri	Alexandria
place of birth	Choo Hoey (朱晖, born 20 October 1934, Palembang, Sumatra) is a Singaporean musician and conductor.	Choo Hoey	Palembang
place of birth	F'Murr or F'Murrr (born March 31, 1946 in Paris) whose real name is Richard Peyzaret, is a French comics creator.	F'Murr	Paris
place of birth	Born in Trabzon, Bahriye Üçok finished her primary education in Ordu and then graduated from Kandilli High School for Girls in Istanbul.	Bahriye Üçok	Trabzon
place of birth	Ekaterina Bolshova (Russian: Екатерина Серге́евна Большова; born 4 February 1988 in Saint Petersburg) is a Russian heptathlete.	Ekaterina Bolshova	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Silvanus Bevan was born in 1691 in Swansea, into a prosperous Welsh Quaker family.	Silvanus Bevan	Swansea
place of birth	Tempestt Bledsoe (born August 1, 1973, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actress.	Tempestt Bledsoe	Chicago
place of birth	Daiane Conterato (born October 17, 1990 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian fashion model.	Daiane Conterato	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Eric Alfasi (Hebrew: אריק אלפסי; born 1970, in Netanya, Israel) is an Israeli professional basketball coach, and a former professional basketball player.	Eric Alfasi	Netanya
place of birth	Franco Assetto (1911 in Turin - 1991) was an Italian sculptor and painter, who lived in the United States for much of his life.	Franco Assetto	Turin
place of birth	Aleksey Zhemchuzhnikov was born in Pochep, Chernigov Governorate (present-day Bryansk Oblast), a son of senator Mikhail Zhemchuzhnikov (1788--1865) and Olga Perovskaya (1799--1833), a sister of Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy's mother.	Aleksey Zhemchuzhnikov	Pochep
place of birth	Richard Parnell Habersham, born in Manhattan and raised in Harlem, is an African American actor in theatre and film and a real estate broker in New York City.	Richard Parnell Habersham	Manhattan
place of birth	Maria Podgorbunskaya was born on February 1, 1980 in Oskemen (a.k.a. Ust-Kamenogorsk), East Kazakhstan where she earned a degree in English language from the Institute of Foreign Languages.	Maria Podgorbunskaya	Oskemen
place of birth	Alessandra Mastronardi (born February 18, 1986 in Naples) is an Italian actress.	Alessandra Mastronardi	Naples
place of birth	Cai Huikang (Chinese: 蔡慧康; pinyin: Cài Huìkāng; born 10 October 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League.	Cai Huikang	Shanghai
place of birth	Robert Keith Leavitt (1895--1967) was a Harvard-educated New York City advertising copywriter who turned to non-fiction writing.	Robert Keith Leavitt	New York City
place of birth	Seydou Boro (born February 20, 1968 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé actor, dancer, and choreographer.	Seydou Boro	Ouagadougou
place of birth	Adam F or Adam Fenton (born 8 February 1972, Liverpool, England) is an English record producer and DJ who has worked across various genres.	Adam F	Liverpool
place of birth	Born in Brazzaville to a Congolese father and a mother from the Ubangi-Shari territory of Central African Republic, Zacharie Elenga initially had plans for the priesthood, but it is said that he had a fiery temperament and he was likely expelled from seminary by the priests.	Zacharie Elenga	Brazzaville
place of birth	Daryn Hinton born in Santa Monica, California, raised in the Hollywood entertainment industry.	Daryn Hinton	Santa Monica
place of birth	Maximilian Hecker (born July 26, 1977 in Heidenheim an der Brenz) is a German musician from Berlin, known for ethereal pop or dream pop music, similar to Radiohead, Sigur Rós, Tom Baxter and Nick Drake.	Maximilian Hecker	Heidenheim an der Brenz
place of birth	Algimantas Nasvytis (born April 8, 1928, in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian architect.	Algimantas Nasvytis	Kaunas
place of birth	Little Crow was born at the Dakota settlement of Kaposia, near what is modern-day South St. Paul, Minnesota.	Little Crow	South St. Paul
place of birth	Roger Moore was born on 14 October 1927 in Stockwell, now part of the London Borough of Lambeth, in London.	Roger Moore	London
place of birth	Aco Stojkov (Macedonian: Ацо Стојков, born 29 April 1983 in Strumica) is a Macedonian international footballer who plays for Vardar.	Aco Stojkov	Strumica
place of birth	Count Otto Wilhelm Königsmarck (5 January 1639 -- 5 September 1688) was a Swedish military officer from Minden.	Otto Wilhelm Königsmarck	Minden
place of birth	Carl Gustaf Ekeberg (June 10, 1716, Djursholm, Uppland -- April 4, 1784) was a Swedish explorer who made several voyages to the East Indies and China as a sea captain.	Carl Gustaf Ekeberg	Djursholm
place of birth	Efrat Ungar was born in Jerusalem to Judith and Rabbi Uri Dasberg.	Efrat Ungar	Jerusalem
place of birth	André Felippe Seixas Dias or simply André Dias (born March 11, 1981 in Montes Claros), is a striker.	André Felippe Seixas Dias	Montes Claros
place of birth	Felipe Ehrenberg, artist, editor, essayist, professor and activist, was born in Tlacopac, Mexico City, in 1943.	Felipe Ehrenberg	Mexico City
place of death	Balthasar Ferdinand Moll (Innsbruck, Tirol 4 January 1717 -- Vienna 3 March 1785) was one of the most famous sculptors in Vienna during the height of the Baroque era (after Georg Raphael Donner and Lorenzo Mattielli) He came from a Tyrolean family of sculptors.	Balthasar Ferdinand Moll	Vienna
place of death	Rudolf Sturany (13 April 1867, Vienna -- 28 February 1935, Vienna) was an Austrian zoologist who specialized in the field of malacology, the study of mollusks.	Rudolf Sturany	Vienna
place of death	Valentine Green (October 3, 1739 -- July 29, 1813) was a British engraver and print publisher.Green trained under Robert Hancock, a Worcester engraver, after which he moved to London and began working as a mezzotint engraver.	Valentine Green	London
place of death	Antoni Viladomat i Manalt (20 March 1678, Barcelona - 22 January 1755, Barcelona) was a Catalonian painter in the Baroque style.	Antoni Viladomat	Barcelona
place of death	After the Second World War, a street in the new Saint-Paul district of his birthplace of Caen was named rue Robert Tournières.	Robert Tournières	Caen
place of death	Rather than going to war, Helmichis, Rosamund and their followers escaped to Ravenna, the capital of Byzantine Italy, where they were received with full honours by the authorities.	Helmichis	Ravenna
place of death	Björn Söderberg, born April 1, 1958, was a Swedish union active syndicalist who was murdered in Sätra, Stockholm on October 12, 1999.	Björn Söderberg	Sätra
place of death	Josif Marinković (Serbian Cyrillic: Јосиф Маринковић; Vranjevo, near Novi Bečej, 15 September 1851 -- Belgrade, 13 May 1931) was a Serbian choral director and primarily a composer of a prevalently lyrical sentience.	Josif Marinković	Belgrade
place of death	Adam Karl August von Eschenmayer (4 July 1768, Neuenbürg -- 17 November 1852, Kirchheim unter Teck) was a German philosopher and physician.	Adam Karl August von Eschenmayer	Kirchheim unter Teck
place of death	Gustav Tornier (Dombrowken (today Dąbrowa Chełmińska, Poland), 9 May 1858 -- Berlin, 25 April 1938) was a German zoologist and herpetologist.	Gustav Tornier	Berlin
position held	Edward James Roye (February 3, 1815 -- February 11, 1872) served as the fifth President of Liberia from 1870 to his overthrow in 1871 and subsequent violent death.	Edward James Roye	President of Liberia
position held	Vladko Panayotov (Bulgarian: Владко Тодоров Панайотов) (born 7 May 1950, Pavlikeni) is a scholar and Bulgarian member of the European Parliament and sits on the committee for the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.	Vladko Panayotov	member of the European Parliament
position held	Charles John Seghers (also written as Charles-Jean Seghers; 26 December 1839 -- 28 November 1886) was a Belgian clergyman and missionary bishop.	Charles John Seghers	bishop
position held	Brigadier Mohammed Sani Sami was Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria from January 1984 to August 1985 during the military regime of Major General Muhammadu Buhari.	Mohammed Sani Sami	Governor of Bauchi State
position held	Théodore Robitaille, PC (29 January 1834 -- 17 August 1897) was a Canadian physician, politician, and the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Quebec.	Théodore Robitaille	Lieutenant Governor of Quebec
position held	Together with his father and brother, Anárion was a leader of the Elendili or Faithful, the part of the Númenórean people that opposed the dark rule of king Ar-Pharazôn and his advisor Sauron.	Anárion	king
position held	John Joseph Cahill (21 January 1891 -- 22 October 1959) was Premier of New South Wales from 1952 to 1959.	Joseph Cahill	Premier of New South Wales
position held	John W. Dawson (October 21, 1820 -- September 10, 1877) was Governor of Utah Territory in 1861.	John W. Dawson	Governor of Utah
position held	Xiong Xianghui (April 12, 1919 -- September 9, 2005) was a Chinese Communist spy during the Chinese Civil War, and later diplomat.	Xiong Xianghui	diplomat
position held	Emperor Ōgimachi (正親町天皇 Ōgimachi-tennō) (June 18, 1517 -- February 6, 1593) was the 106th Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Ōgimachi	Emperor of Japan
position played on team / speciality	Maksim Stoykov (Bulgarian: Максим Стойков; born on 13 January 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.	Maksim Stoykov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alain Goma (born 5 October 1972) is a French retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender.	Alain Goma	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sherona Forrester (born 4 November 1991) is a Jamaican international football midfielder.	Sherona Forrester	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ebrahim Seedat (born June 18, 1993 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as a midfielder for Degerfors IF in the Swedish Superettan.	Ebrahim Seedat	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leutrim Osaj (born 29 March 1992) is an Albanian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for VfR Kandel in Germany.	Leutrim Osaj	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Darran Kempson (born 6 December 1984 in Blackpool, England) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Conference National side Alfreton Town.	Darran Kempson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Keith Bryan Hird (25 November 1939 -- 1967), known as Keith Hird, was an English footballer who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Sunderland and Darlington.	Keith Hird	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Steve Sims (born 2 July 1957 in Lincoln, England) is a former English football defender, probably most famous for his time at Watford.	Steve Sims	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fadi Malke (born 13 January 1986) is a Assyrian-Swedish footballer of Lebanese descent who plays as a defender and is a free agent after leaving his most recent club AFC United.	Fadi Malke	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matías Nahuel Leiva Esquivel (born 22 October 1996), known as Nahuel, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a right winger.	Matías Nahuel	winger
position played on team / speciality	Laufey Ólafsdóttir is an Icelandic football midfielder who play in the Úrvalsdeild for Valur, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Laufey Ólafsdóttir	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Enrique Romaña (born December 28, 1988), is a Colombian football defender, who plays for La Paz F.C. in Bolivia.	Enrique Romaña	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sinan Bolat (born 3 September 1988) is a Turkish football goalkeeper who plays for Club Brugge, on loan from Porto.	Sinan Bolat	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Breyton Paulse (born 25 April 1976 in Koue Bokkeveld) is a former South African rugby union player who played on the wing for the national team, the Springboks, from 1999 to 2007.	Breyton Paulse	wing
position played on team / speciality	Jakub Ficenec (born February 11, 1977) is a Czech-German professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Düsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Jakub Ficenec	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Luka Gajić (born 6 May 1996) is a football forward from Slovenia who plays for Radomlje on loan from Olimpija.	Luka Gajić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Betts (born March 8, 1970 in Charles City, Iowa) is a former U.S. soccer forward and coach who spent most of his career playing indoor soccer.	Jeff Betts	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sheriff Isa (born 10 November 1990 in Sokoto, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football midfielder, who played for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Sheriff Isa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jasmyne Spencer (born August 27, 1990) is an American soccer forward currently playing for Orlando Pride of the NWSL.	Jasmyne Spencer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniela Alves Lima (born 12 January 1984), commonly known as Daniela, is a former Brazilian football midfielder who played for professional clubs in Brazil, Sweden and the United States.	Daniela Alves Lima	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Simon Trevitt (born 20 December 1967) is an English former professional footballer, born in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, who played in the Football League as a defender for Huddersfield Town, Hull City and Swansea City.	Simon Trevitt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrija Dragojević (Cyrillic: Андрија Драгојевић; born 25 December 1991) is a Montenegrin goalkeeper playing for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga.	Andrija Dragojević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abdoulaye Samaké (born 29 April 1987) is an Malian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper.	Abdoulaye Samaké	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ammar Al-Daheem (Arabic: عمار الدحيم‎; born August 31, 1993) is a Saudi football player who plays a defender for Hajer.	Ammar Al-Daheem	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dimitri Yachvili (born 19 September 1980 in Brive-la-Gaillarde, Corrèze) is a French former rugby union footballer who played as a scrum-half for Biarritz and France.	Dimitri Yachvili	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Adama Soumaoro (born 18 June 1992) is a French association footballer who plays as a defender for Lille.	Adama Soumaoro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emilee O'Neil (née Shim; born March 26, 1983) is an American soccer midfielder and defender from Atlanta, Georgia.	Emilee O'Neil	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eddie Presland (born 27 March 1943) is an English former footballer who played as a defender in England for West Ham United, Crystal Palace, Colchester United, Chelmsford City and Wealdstone and for Jewish Guild in South Africa.	Eddie Presland	defender
position played on team / speciality	Steven Lawless (born 12 April 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle as a left-sided winger.	Steven Lawless	winger
position played on team / speciality	Igor Sani (born 28 December 1986) is a Guinea-Bissauan international footballer who plays for Portuguese team Loures, as a centre forward	Igor Sani	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tad Willoughby (born September 8, 1960) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played four seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance and three in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Tad Willoughby	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lasse Sobiech (born 18 January 1991) is a German footballer who currently plays as a centre back for 2.	Lasse Sobiech	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Čabraja (born 22 August 1993 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football player who plays as a forward for NK Inter Zaprešić in the Prva HNL, on loan from NK Lokomotiva.	Dejan Čabraja	forward
position played on team / speciality	Robert Teah (born on September 3, 1982) is a Liberian football midfielder.	Robert Teah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hossein Bahrami (Persian: حسین بهرامی‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Iran Pro League.	Hossein Bahrami	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bogi Løkin is the son of former Faroese international midfielder Abraham Løkin, who is the former coach of ÍF Fuglafjørður.	Bogi Løkin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Paasoja (born 4 January 1993) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays as a point guard.	Martin Paasoja	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Ismail Watenga (born 15 May 1995) is a Ugandan professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Vipers S.C..	Ismail Watenga	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Christian Cellay (born September 5, 1981) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Mushuc Runa in Ecuador, as centre back or right back too.	Christian Cellay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Guilherme de Paula Lucrécio (born 9 November 1986), commonly known as Guilherme de Paula or simply Guilherme, is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Ethnikos Achna in the Cypriot First Division as forward.	Guilherme de Paula Lucrécio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Buddle (born 29 September 1993) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Blyth Spartans.	Nathan Buddle	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dimitar Yordanov (Bulgarian: Димитър Йорданов; 1 November 1929 -- 25 May 1996), commonly known as Kukusha, was a Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward.	Dimitar Yordanov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eleílson Farias de Moura (born 2 April 1985 in Nova Era, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for China Super League club Jiangsu Sainty.	Eleílson Farias de Moura	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ömer Toprak (born 21 July 1989) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for German club Bayer Leverkusen and the Turkey national team.	Ömer Toprak	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Igors Labuts (born 7 June 1990), is a Latvian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Portuguese Segunda Liga club Atlético CP.	Igors Labuts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Miller Tenenbaum (born 19 April 1995), simply known as Daniel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Flamengo as an goalkeeper.	Daniel Miller Tenenbaum	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tony Hazell (born 19 September 1947 in High Wycombe) is an English former footballer who made 564 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Queens Park Rangers, Millwall, Crystal Palace and Charlton Athletic.	Tony Hazell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brandon Sugden (born June 23, 1978) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger.	Brandon Sugden	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan da Silva Oliveira (born 10 July 1991 in Santa Maria da Feira), is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a forward.	Jonathan da Silva Oliveira	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alexej Jaškin (born July 22, 1965) is a Russian-born Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman.	Alexej Jaškin	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Henrique Soares dos Santos (born 10 July 1994), simply known as Paulinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese club Farense as a winger.	Paulo Henrique Soares dos Santos	winger
position played on team / speciality	Philippe Sauvé (born February 27, 1980, in Buffalo, New York and raised in Joliette, Quebec) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who last played with the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Philippe Sauvé	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Stoyan Stavrev (Bulgarian: Стоян Ставрев; born 7 December 1975) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper, and currently the goalkeeping coach at Cherno More Varna.	Stoyan Stavrev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Pulis (born 30 March 1979 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Gozo Football League First Division side Nadur Youngsters, where he plays as a defender.	Adrian Pulis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kristian Kirk (born 30 July 1986) is a Danish former professional football goalkeeper, who last played for Næsby BK.	Kristian Kirk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joris Gnagnon (born 13 January 1997) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Stade Rennais.	Joris Gnagnon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martin Horsell (born 10 December 1986) is an English professional football goalkeeper, currently playing for Hereford having previously played in the football league for Torquay United.	Martin Horsell	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giorgio Gorgone (Rome, 18 August 1976) is an Italian player in the role of midfielder, currently campaigning in Triestina.	Giorgio Gorgone	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mateusz Łuczak (born 13 March 1990) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for II Liga club Gryf Wejherowo	Mateusz Łuczak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chan Vathanaka (Khmer: ចាន់ វឌ្ឍនាកា; born 23 January 1994) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Boeung Ket Angkor and the Cambodia national team as an attacking midfielder.	Chan Vathanaka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joe Roff (born in Melbourne 20 September 1975) is a retired Australian rugby union footballer and a product of the Tuggeranong Vikings Rugby Union Club in Canberra, who played on the wing or at fullback for Brumbies and Australia and played 5 tests as a centre in the early part of his test career.	Joe Roff	wing
position played on team / speciality	Rémi Royer (born February 12, 1978 in Donnacona, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who plays for Rivière-du-Loup CIMT in the Ligue nord-américaine de hockey.	Rémi Royer	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Tal Ben Haim (or Tal Ben Haim II, Hebrew: טל בן-חיים‎; born 5 August 1989) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv as a forward.	Tal Ben Haim	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mike Ammann (born February 8, 1971, in Orange, California) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in England and Major League Soccer.	Mike Ammann	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Robert Wulnikowski (born 11 July 1977 in Bydgoszcz) is Polish-German football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Würzburger Kickers.	Robert Wulnikowski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Manfred Schaefer (born 12 February 1943) is a former association football defender.	Manfred Schaefer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Kevin Beattie (born 18 December 1953) is an English former footballer, who played at both professional and international levels as a central defender.	Kevin Beattie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kenny McDevitt (born 4 March 1929, Liverpool) is an English footballer who played for as a winger for Tranmere Rovers and Rhylbbbbb.	Kenny McDevitt	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ronan Carolino Falcão (born 7 May 1985), simply known as Ronan, is a Brazilian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football, who plays for Serrano-BA as a central defender.	Ronan Carolino Falcão	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mathieu Inthasane (born June 8, 1986 in Tours, France) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays for CFA 2 side Sézanne.	Mathieu Inthasane	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Roberto da Silva Júnior (born 6 July 1974), commonly known as Zé Roberto, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a left wing back or as a midfielder.	Zé Roberto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Farshad Bahadorani (Persian: فرشاد بهادرانی‎‎, born August 28, 1982) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League.	Farshad Bahadorani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Laura Luís (born 15 August 1992) is a Portuguese football forward playing for MSV Duisburg.	Laura Luís	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vlado Bozinovski (born 30 March 1964) is an Australian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Vlado Bozinovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Suad Liçi (born 24 March 1974 in Shkoder) is an Albanian football midfielder who last played for KS Vllaznia Shkoder in 2008-2009 season in the Albanian Superliga before retiring.	Suad Liçi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Franck Kom (born 18 September 1991), is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Étoile du Sahel in Tunisia as a midfielder.	Franck Kom	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fejiro Okiomah (born November 10, 1990) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for San Antonio FC.	Fejiro Okiomah	defender
position played on team / speciality	Amadou Séré (born 30 December 1987 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football (soccer) goalkeeper with Etoile Filante Ouagadougou of the Burkinabé Premier League.	Amadou Séré	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Sylvestre (born 1 September 1968, in Bure, Switzerland) is a retired Swiss football midfielder.	Patrick Sylvestre	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ragnvald Soma (born 10 November 1979) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defender for his childhood club Frøyland Idrettslag.	Ragnvald Soma	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dimitar Aleksiev (Bulgarian: Димитър Алексиев; born 28 July 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays for Lokomotiv GO as a forward.	Dimitar Aleksiev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arnaud Noël Séka (born 3 September 1984) is a Beninese international football player who plays professionally in Oman for Al-Nasr as a defender.	Noël Séka	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Vladov (Russian: Дмитрий Михайлович Владов), born 12 March 1990 in Zorya, Odessa Oblast) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for MFC Mykolaiv in the Ukrainian First League.	Dmytro Vladov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Merthan Açıl (born 15 February 1982 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Adanaspor in the TFF First League.	Merthan Açıl	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bernardo José Gandulla, better known as Bernardo Gandulla (March 1, 1916 -- July 7, 1999), was an Argentine football forward and head coach.	Bernardo Gandulla	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ray Goodlett is a retired American soccer defender who spent one season in Major League Soccer with D.C. United.	Ray Goodlett	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michele Ruzzier (born February 9, 1993) is an Italian basketball professional player who plays for Umana Reyer of the Italian Serie A as a point guard.	Michele Ruzzier	point guard
position played on team / speciality	María Victoria Losada Gómez (born 5 March 1991), commonly known as Vicky Losada, is a Spanish football midfielder currently playing for the English FA WSL side Arsenal Ladies and Spain women's national football team.	Vicky Losada	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Danailov (Bulgarian: Марио Данаилов) (born 20 July 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Ludogorets Razgrad as a midfielder.	Mario Danailov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petr Lukáš (born 24 April 1978 in Prague) is a Czech football defender who last played for FK Teplice in the Czech Republic.	Petr Lukáš	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Caruana (born 24 July 1986 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Valletta, where he plays as a defender.	Jonathan Caruana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Enevoldsen (born 27 July 1987 in Aalborg) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently plays for AaB where he has a contract running until June 2017.	Thomas Enevoldsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	André Luciano da Silva, commonly known as Pinga (born 27 April 1981 in Aracati), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for América-MG as an attacking midfielder.	André Luciano da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Foued Kadir (born 5 December 1983) is an Algerian football player who currently plays for Spanish club Real Betis and the Algeria national team as an attacking midfielder.	Foued Kadir	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Boileau (born February 22, 1975 in Montreal, Quebec and raised in Blainville, Quebec) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenceman.	Patrick Boileau	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Stoyko (born 3 February 1975, Ukraine) is a retired Ukrainian football goalkeeper.	Dmytro Stoyko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bill Andracki is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who had an extensive professional career playing both indoor and outdoor soccer.	Bill Andracki	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Ђорђевић; born 7 March 1988) is a Serbian football midfielder who last played for Apolonia Fier in Kategoria Superiore.	Đorđe Đorđević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pāvels Doroševs (born 9 October 1980) is a Latvian football goalkeeper, currently playing for the Azerbaijan Premier League club Neftchi Baku.	Pāvels Doroševs	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Brkić (born 29 June 1995 in Koprivnica) is a Croatian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL.	Ivan Brkić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	César Diop (born November 10, 1983 in Thiès) is a Senegalese footballer who is currently plays for Étoile Sportive Pennoise in France, as a defensive midfielder.	César Diop	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marius Johnsen (born 28 August 1981 in Kristiansand) is a Norwegian footballer defender.	Marius Johnsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giannis Arabatzis (Greek: Γιάννης Αραμπατζής; born 28 May 1984 in Makrochori, Veria, Greece) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Football League club Kerkyra FC a goalkeeper.	Giannis Arabatzis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Weiser (born 25 December 1971) is a German former footballer who played as both a midfielder and defender.	Patrick Weiser	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Chibuike (born 10 October 1988) is a Nigerian footballer who plays midfielder, he currently plays for Gaziantepspor in Süper Lig.	John Chibuike	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Deyan Velkov (Bulgarian: Деян Велков) (born 28 March 1981) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Dunav Ruse as a forward.	Deyan Velkov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Edison Bilbao Zarate (born 3 June 1987) is a Chilean football player that currently plays for Maltese Premier League club Balzan Youths as a midfielder.	Edison Bilbao	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bismark Adjei-Boateng (born 10 May 1994), commonly known as Nana, is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Strømsgodset Toppfotball as a midfielder, on loan from Manchester City.	Bismark Adjei-Boateng	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hosny Adel Abdelrahman (born December 11, 1967) is a retired Egyptian football attacker.	Adel Abdelrahman	attacker
position played on team / speciality	Scott Cannon (born July 22, 1968 in Evansville, Indiana) is an American former soccer defender who played three seasons in Major League Soccer, two in the American Professional Soccer League, three in the National Professional Soccer League and at least four in the USISL and USL.	Scott Cannon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Kearney (born 18 February 1953) is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Shrewsbury Town, Chester City and Reading.	Mike Kearney	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jóannes Jakobsen (born on 25 August 1961) is a former Faroese football defender, as well as musician and composer, having released three albums on the Faroe Islands and produced a number of albums for other artists.	Jóannes Jakobsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Astou Traoré (born 30 April 1981 in M'Bour, Senegal) is a Senegalese women's basketball power forward with Charleville-Mézières in France.	Astou Traoré	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Tyler Turner (born March 4, 1996) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a defender for Orlando City SC of Major League Soccer.	Tyler Turner	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leo Kulinczenko is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the American Soccer League, National Soccer League of Chicago, the National Challenge Cup (US Open Cup) and the CONCACAF Champions Cup (CONCACAF Champions League).	Leo Kulinczenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikolay Minkov (Bulgarian: Николай Минков; born 13 August 1997 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dobrudzha Dobrich on loan from Cherno More Varna.	Nikolay Minkov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chad Ashton (born October 26, 1967 in Denver, Colorado) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent one season in Major League Soccer, four in the American Professional Soccer League, six in the National Professional Soccer League and one in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Chad Ashton	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chris Morman (born December 19, 1977 in Troy, Michigan) is a retired American soccer defender.	Chris Morman	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Yamada (Ribeirão Pires, 17 February 1979) is a former Brazilian goalkeeper.	Fernando Yamada	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Neil Thompson (born 2 October 1963) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender.	Neil Thompson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Denis Behan (born 2 January 1984) is an Irish football coach and former player who played as a forward.	Denis Behan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Darryl Westlake (born 1 March 1991) is a footballer who plays as a defender for Kilmarnock.	Darryl Westlake	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Basrak (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Басрак; born 24 December 1994) is a Swiss football forward of Serbian origin, who plays for Metalac Gornji Milanovac in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Milan Basrak	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arseni Comas Julià (born 28 June 1961 in Sant Gregori, Girona, Catalonia) is a retired Spanish football player who played as a defender with a number of different clubs, mostly at the second level of Spanish football.	Arseni Comas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Housain Al-Mogahwi (born 28 January 1988) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al Ahli SC as a as a midfielder and Saudi Arabia His preferred position is Central Attacking Midfield He is weighted 64 kg	Housain Al-Mogahwi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Louis Horne (born 28 May 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Harrogate Railway AFC in the Northern Premier League Division One North.	Louis Horne	defender
position played on team / speciality	Graham Stanley (27 January 1938 -- 14 January 1997) was a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers, Tranmere Rovers and Runcorn.	Graham Stanley	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Aaron Nguimbat (born March 13, 1978) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defender.	Aaron Nguimbat	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dafne Schippers (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdɑfnə ˈsxɪpərs); born 15 June 1992) is a Dutch athlete, competing in heptathlon and the sprints.	Dafne Schippers	heptathlon
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Niyonkuru (born 21 July 1983 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian goalkeeper with Azzam United in the Tanzanian Premier League in Tanzania.	Vladimir Niyonkuru	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Charles Woodson (born October 7, 1976) is a former American football cornerback and free safety.	Charles Woodson	cornerback	safety
position played on team / speciality	Lee Lim-saeng (born November 18, 1971) is a former South Korean international footballer who played as a defender.	Lee Lim-saeng	defender
position played on team / speciality	Axel Ngando (born 13 July 1993) is a French footballer of Cameroonian descent who plays as a midfielder for French club SC Bastia and the France national under-21 football team.	Axel Ngando	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roger Albertsen (15 March 1957 -- 2 March 2003) was a Norwegian football midfielder.	Roger Albertsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Levan Korgalidze (born 21 February 1980) is a Georgian midfielder, who currently plays for FC Metalurgi Rustavi.	Levan Korgalidze	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frank Macey (1894 -- 3 December 1973) was an English amateur footballer who played as a forward.	Frank Macey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Charles Whiteley (born 1885) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.	Charles Whiteley	winger
position played on team / speciality	Kit Zell is a retired American soccer forward who played one season in the North American Soccer League.	Kit Zell	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gursel Veli (Bulgarian: Гюрсел Вели Turkish: Veli Gürsel) (born 8 August 1982) is a Bulgarian football player of Turkish origin, currently playing for Vereya as a midfielder.	Gursel Veli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Tlale (born 15 May 1967) is a South African former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a goalkeeper.	John Tlale	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marland Yarde (born 20 April 1992) is a Saint Lucian-born English rugby union wing who plays for Harlequins.	Marland Yarde	wing
position played on team / speciality	Marcin Drajer (born August 21, 1976 in Poznań) is a Polish footballer who plays in the position of defender.	Marcin Drajer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Mauro (born May 24, 1962 in Catanzaro) is an Italian politician and a former professional football player, who played as a midfielder.	Massimo Mauro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Russell Milton (born 12 January 1969) is an English former professional footballer, born in Folkestone, who played as a midfielder in the Hong Kong First Division League for Instant-Dict and scored 14 goals from 117 games in the Football League for Cheltenham Town.	Russell Milton	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Opoku (born 8 October 1987) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who currently plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Asante Kotoko and the Ghana national football team.	Jordan Opoku	midfielder	forward
position played on team / speciality	Petar Miloševski (Macedonian: Петар Милошевски; 6 December 1973 -- 13 March 2014) was a football goalkeeper from Macedonia.	Petar Miloševski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Kopecký (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈtomaːʃ ˈkopɛtskiː); born February 5, 1982) is a Slovak professional ice hockey right winger.	Tomáš Kopecký	winger
position played on team / speciality	Mamoutou Coulibaly (born 23 February 1984 in Bamako) is a Malian professional footballer currently playing for Bulgarian A Football Group club Cherno More Varna as a defender.	Mamoutou Coulibaly	defender
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Colomba (born 24 August 1977 in Villars-sur-Glâne) is a Swiss footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Massimo Colomba	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bacari Djaló (born 12 August 1983 in Bissau) is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays for Luxembourg club FC Titus Lamadelaine as a forward.	Bacari Djaló	forward
position played on team / speciality	Saša Balić (Serbian cyrillic: Саша Балић; born 29 January 1990 in Kotor) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a defender for Târgu Mureș in Romania.	Saša Balić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clifton Waugh (born 10 September 1972 in Port Maria, St Mary, Jamaica) is a Jamaican soccer defender who currently plays for Harbour View FC.	Clifton Waugh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Ivan Yusoff (born on 13 May 1982) is a former Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Mohd Ivan Yusoff	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Enrico Cardoso Nazaré (born 4 May 1984, in Belo Horizonte), commonly known as Enrico, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder, under contract with Swedish club Huddinge IF.	Enrico Cardoso Nazaré	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Morten Thorsby (born 5 May 1996) is a Norwegian midfielder who currently plays for Dutch Eredivisie side SC Heerenveen.	Morten Thorsby	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johnath Marlone Azevedo da Silva (born 2 April 1992), commonly known as Marlone, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Brazilian Série A club Corinthians.	Marlone	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Elemér Kocsis (26 February 1910-6 October 1981, in Romania) was a Romanian football forward.	Elemér Kocsis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Siale Piutau (born 13 October 1985 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a rugby union centre who represents Yamaha Jubilo in the Japanese Top League.	Siale Piutau	centre
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Nyemchaninov (Ukrainian: Дмитро Андрійович Нємчанінов; born 27 January 1990 in Kyiv, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender.	Dmytro Nyemchaninov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Magno (born 29 May 1997) is a football player who currently plays as midfielder for Pro Liga de Timor Leste club S.E. Gleno and Timor-Leste national football team.	Carlos Magno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	María López Hidalgo, a.k.a. Marieta López, is a football midfielder currently playing for Atlético Madrid in Primera División.	María López Hidalgo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge López Montaña (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxoɾxe ˈlopeθ); born 19 September 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who plays as a right midfielder.	Jorge López Montaña	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomas Urbonas (born March 27, 1992 in Molėtai, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, who plays for center position.	Tomas Urbonas	center
position played on team / speciality	Phil Oreskovic (pronounced Or-esh-ko-vich; born January 26, 1987) is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey defenceman.	Phil Oreskovic	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Todor Barzov (Bulgarian: Тодор Барзов; born 21 February 1953 in Dolna Mitropoliya) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as а midfielder.	Todor Barzov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hamed Namouchi (Arabic: حامد النموشي‎, born 14 February 1984 in Cannes) is a French-born Tunisian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A Football Group.	Hamed Namouchi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jack Flynn (1875 - unknown) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Walsall, Bristol City, Reading and West Ham United.	Jack Flynn	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Kuka (born 19 July 1968 in Prague) is a former Czech football forward.	Pavel Kuka	forward
position played on team / speciality	Oliver Stöckli (born 28 December 1976 in Muri, Aargau) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a goalkeeper throughout the 1990s and 2000s.	Oliver Stöckli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mauricio Solís Mora (born 13 December 1972 in Heredia) is a retired Costa Rican professional footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.	Mauricio Solís	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jörg Stohler (*27. August 1949 in Pratteln) is a former Swiss international footballer who played as a defender during the 1970s and 1980s.	Jörg Stohler	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matheus de Sales Cabral (born 13 May 1995), known as Matheus Sales, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a Defensive midfielder	Matheus Sales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Carlos Ablanedo Iglesias (Spanish pronunciation: (xwan 'karlos aβla'neðo); born 2 September 1963) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Juan Carlos Ablanedo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Vaqueriza Rodríguez (born 23 January 1975 in Madrid) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Felipe Vaqueriza	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jim van Fessem (August 7, 1975 in Tilburg) is a retired Dutch football goalkeeper.	Jim van Fessem	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vince Beck is a retired Scottish football (soccer) defender who spent twelve years in the American indoor leagues.	Vince Beck	defender
position played on team / speciality	Willian Roberto de Farias (born 6 June 1989 in Curitiba), known as Willian Farias, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Vitória, on loan from Cruzeiro.	Willian Farias	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yannick Thoelen (born 18 July 1990 is Belgian football (soccer) goalkeeper. He currently plays for Gent in the Belgian Pro League.	Yannick Thoelen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stefano Pettinari (born January 27, 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for Serie B club Vicenza.	Stefano Pettinari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Sanabria Acuña (born 31 October 1969 in San Lorenzo) is a former Paraguay international footballer who played as a defender.	Ricardo Sanabria	defender
position played on team / speciality	Muriel Gustavo Becker (born February 14, 1987, in Novo Hamburgo), is a Brazilian goalkeeper who plays for Internacional, from Brazilian Serie A.	Muriel Gustavo Becker	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Iván Ania Cadavieco (born 24 October 1977 in Oviedo, Asturias) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the current manager of Caudal Deportivo.	Iván Ania	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Akselis Vairogs (born November 8, 1985) is a Latvian professional basketball player, who plays the shooting guard position.	Akselis Vairogs	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Alberto González Pérez (born 31 March 1983 in Ruente, Cantabria) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central defender.	Alberto González Pérez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aurora Cecilia Santiago Cisneros (born 19 October 1994), commonly known as Cecilia Santiago, is a Mexican international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Mexico women's national team.	Cecilia Santiago	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Danny Barber (born May 17, 1971 in Bellflower, California) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who played one game with the MetroStars in Major League Soccer.	Danny Barber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Offenbacher (born February 18, 1992 in Scheifling, Austria) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Sturm Graz as midfielder.	Daniel Offenbacher	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leon Benko (born 11 November 1983) is a Croatian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for FK Sarajevo in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina and occasionally for the Croatia national football team.	Leon Benko	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leonard Bisaku (born 22 October 1974 in Zagreb, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian football midfielder who last played for the Columbus Crew in Major League Soccer.	Leonard Bisaku	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ander Garitano Urquizu (born 26 February 1969) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left midfielder, and a current coach.	Ander Garitano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Martins Pereira (born 30 January 1986 in Bayonne) is a French football defender who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Guingamp.	Jonathan Martins Pereira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Éder Jordan Pereyra (born June 17, 1985 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia) is a Bolivian footballer who currently plays goalkeeper for Real Potosí.	Éder Jordan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Siraj Nassar (Arabic: سراج نصار‎, Hebrew: סיראז' נאסר‎; born 2 September 1990) is an Arab-Israeli football midfielder playing for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League.	Siraj Nassar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Idrissa Laouali (born September 11, 1979 in Niger) is a Nigerien football midfielder who plays for Gabon Championnat National D1 side Mangasport.	Idrissa Laouali	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matej Poplatnik (born 15 July 1992 in Slovenia) is a Slovenian footballer who last played as a forward for Montana in the Bulgarian A Football Group.	Matej Poplatnik	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ljubomir Fejsa (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Фејса, Rusyn: Любомир Фейса; born 14 August 1988) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Portuguese club Benfica and the Serbia national team.	Ljubomir Fejsa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Angelo Colombo (born 24 February 1961 in Mezzago, Italy) is a former Italian footballer who played for Milan as a midfielder, and was part of their European Cup victories in 1989 and 1990.	Angelo Colombo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	James Caine (24 June 1908 -- 9 May 1971) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender.	James Caine	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mustafa Aşan (born 11 September 1988) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Karşıyaka SK.	Mustafa Aşan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Souleymane Oulare (born 16 October 1972), is a Guinean former footballer who played as a forward.	Souleymane Oulare	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marco Balbul, (Hebrew: מרקו בלבול‎; born July 13, 1967), is a former Israeli football defender.	Marco Balbul	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stéphane Fiset (born June 17, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League.	Stéphane Fiset	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Michal Peškovič (born 8 February 1982 in Partizánske) is a Slovakian footballer who recently played for the Azerbaijan Premier League club Neftchi Baku as a goalkeeper.	Michal Peškovič	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jens Melzig (born 28 September 1965 in Cottbus) is a former professional German footballer who played as a defender.	Jens Melzig	defender
publication date	Stage to Thunder Rock is a 1964 American Western film directed by William F. Claxton and written by Charles A. Wallace.	Stage to Thunder Rock	1964
publication date	Af banen (aka: We Are the Champions) is a Danish independent feature film comedy from 2005, directed by Martin Hagbjer.	Af banen	2005
publication date	Fall into Darkness is a 1996 television movie based on the young-adult novel by Christopher Pike, who also executive-produced.	Fall into Darkness	1996
publication date	The Butterfly Dance is a 1998 American short mystery drama film, written and directed by Max Reynal, and starring Vera Farmiga, Phil Kauffmann, and Reade Kelly.	The Butterfly Dance	1998
publication date	The Tailenders is a 2005 documentary directed, produced and narrated by Adele Horne, an American independent filmmaker based out of Los Angeles.	The Tailenders	2005
publication date	Daffy Duck & Egghead is a 1937-produced, 1938-released Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series.	Daffy Duck & Egghead	1938
publication date	My Makhzen and Me is a 2012 documentary Moroccan film directed, produced and shot by Nadir Bouhmouch.	My Makhzen and Me	2012
publication date	One Night in Turin is a 2010 British documentary film directed by James Erskine, and written by Pete Davies and James Erskine.	One Night in Turin	2010
publication date	Yugo & Lala 2 (Chinese: 神秘世界历险记2) is a 2014 Chinese animated family adventure film directed by Wang Yunfei.	Yugo & Lala 2	2014
publication date	Prayers for Bobby is a televised docudrama that premiered on the Lifetime network on January 24, 2009.	Prayers for Bobby	2009
publisher	Efuru is a novel by Flora Nwapa which was published in 1966 as number 26 in Heinemann's African Writers Series, making it the first book written by a Nigerian woman to be published.	Efuru	Heinemann
publisher	The Hand of Oberon is the fourth book in The Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny published in book form by Doubleday in 1976.	The Hand of Oberon	Doubleday
publisher	The Journal of Theological Studies is an academic journal established in 1899 and now published by Oxford University Press in April and October each year.	The Journal of Theological Studies	Oxford University Press
publisher	Warrior Kings is a real-time strategy video game, developed by Black Cactus and published by Microïds in 2002.	Warrior Kings	Microïds
publisher	SimCity Creator is a video game in the Sim game series by Electronic Arts.	SimCity Creator	Electronic Arts
publisher	Hormone Research in Paediatrics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering paediatric endocrinology published by Karger Publishers and the editor-in-chief is Paul Czernichow (Hôpital Robert-Debré).	Hormone Research in Paediatrics	Karger Publishers
publisher	The New England Review (NER) is a quarterly literary magazine published by Middlebury College.	New England Review	Middlebury College
publisher	Middle East Policy is an academic peer-reviewed journal on the Middle East region in the field of foreign policy founded in 1982, published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Middle East Policy Council.	Middle East Policy	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Photodermatology, Photoimmunology and Photomedicine is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published bimonthly by Wiley-Blackwell which focusses, as its title implies, on photodermatology, photoimmunology and photomedicine.	Photodermatology, Photoimmunology and Photomedicine	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	IDS Executive Compensation Review is published by Incomes Data Services, an independent research organisation providing information and analysis on pay, conditions, pensions, employment law and HR policy practice in the UK and Europe.	IDS Executive Compensation Review	Incomes Data Services
publisher	Uncle Tom's Cabin first appeared as a 40-week serial in The National Era, an abolitionist periodical, starting with the June 5, 1851, issue.	Uncle Tom's Cabin	The National Era
publisher	Bijdragen tot de Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde (English title: Journal of the Humanities and Social Sciences of Southeast Asia and Oceania) is a peer reviewed academic journal on Southeast Asia and Indonesia that was established in 1853 and was published by the Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies.	Bijdragen tot de Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde	Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies
publisher	Drome Racers is a Lego racing video game developed by Attention to Detail and published by Electronic Arts and Lego Interactive.	Drome Racers	Electronic Arts
publisher	Chemical & Engineering News (C&EN) is a weekly magazine published by the American Chemical Society, providing professional and technical information in the fields of chemistry and chemical engineering.	Chemical & Engineering News	American Chemical Society
publisher	The SimCity Box is bundled software published by Electronic Arts that was released on June 23, 2008 highlighting recent SimCity releases.	The SimCity Box	Electronic Arts
publisher	Simon & Schuster released The Firebrand on October 1, 1987 in hardcover, and it was issued in paperback in September 1988.	The Firebrand	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Poverty & Public Policy is a quarterly e-only peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization.	Poverty & Public Policy	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Cosmic Puppets was first published as a novel by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-249, bound dos-à-dos with Sargasso of Space by Andrew North (better known as Andre Norton).	The Cosmic Puppets	Ace Books
publisher	The Review of English Studies is an academic journal published by Oxford University Press covering English literature and the English language from the earliest period to the present.	The Review of English Studies	Oxford University Press
publisher	Cyberbykes, also known as Shadow Racer VR, is a 1995 3D action cyberpunk computer game developed by Artificial Software and distributed by GameTek, running under DOS-based PCs.	Cyberbykes	GameTek
publisher	Chemistry Education Research and Practice is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access academic journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry covering chemistry education.	Chemistry Education Research and Practice	Royal Society of Chemistry
publisher	Acta Mathematica Hungarica is a peer-reviewed mathematics journal of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, published by Akadémiai Kiadó and Springer Science+Business Media.	Acta Mathematica Hungarica	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Published by Del Rey Books and released June 2011, Dragon's Time is their fourth collaboration in the series and is the sequel to Dragongirl by Todd McCaffrey.	Dragon's Time	Del Rey Books
publisher	Super International Cricket is a cricket game for the Super Nintendo that was released in Australia, Europe and Pakistan in 1994.	Super International Cricket	Nintendo
publisher	Fighting Steel is a computer game which was published in 1999 by Strategic Simulations, Inc..	Fighting Steel	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
publisher	Conquest of the New World is a computer game produced by Interplay Entertainment in the mid-1990s.	Conquest of the New World	Interplay Entertainment
publisher	A modified version of Killer Instinct 2, licensed by Nintendo, was published for the Nintendo 64 as Killer Instinct Gold that same year.	Killer Instinct 2	Nintendo
publisher	The Faber Book of Irish Verse was a poetry anthology edited by John Montague and first published in 1974 by Faber and Faber.	Faber Book of Irish Verse	Faber and Faber
publisher	Concordia Theological Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal of theology published for the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod by the faculty of Concordia Theological Seminary (Fort Wayne, Indiana).	Concordia Theological Quarterly	Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod
publisher	Antiguo Oriente is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Center of Studies of Ancient Near Eastern History (CEHAO) (Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina, Buenos Aires).	Antiguo Oriente	Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina
publisher	Mormon Studies Review is an annual academic journal covering Mormon studies published by the Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship at Brigham Young University.	Mormon Studies Review	Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship
publisher	Deutsches Ärzteblatt is published by the Deutscher Ärzte Verlag, which is co-owned by the German Medical Association (Bundesärztekammer) and the National Association of Statutory Health Insurance Physicians (Kassenärztliche Bundesvereinigung).	Deutsches Ärzteblatt	Deutscher Ärzte Verlag
publisher	Initially developed as a fan game, Street Fighter X Mega Man later received support from Capcom, who assisted in the production of the game, the game was released as a free download from Capcom Unity on December 17, 2012.	Street Fighter X Mega Man	Capcom
publisher	Curse of the Mummy is a single-player roleplaying gamebook, written by Jonathan Green, illustrated by Martin McKenna and originally published in 1995 by Puffin Books.	Curse of the Mummy	Puffin Books
publisher	Bomb Alley is a 1983 computer war game covering the Mediterranean Theatre of World War II. Written by game author Gary Grigsby and published by Strategic Simulations Inc. (SSI), it runs on the Apple II platform.	Bomb Alley	Strategic Simulations Inc.
publisher	SAIS Review is published and distributed biannually by the Johns Hopkins University Press and is available online through Project MUSE.	SAIS Review	Johns Hopkins University Press
publisher	Death Times Three is a collection of Nero Wolfe novellas by Rex Stout, published posthumously by Bantam Books in 1985.	Death Times Three	Bantam Books
publisher	Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories is a short story collection by Agatha Christie published in the UK only in November 1991 by HarperCollins.	Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories	HarperCollins
publisher	HardBall! is the first in a series of popular baseball computer and video games published by Accolade.	HardBall!	Accolade
publisher	The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities is a book by James Thurber first published in 1931 by Harper and Brothers.	The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities	Harper
publisher	SingStar Queen is a competitive karaoke video game for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 2, developed by London Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe.	SingStar Queen	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	The Alaska Quarterly Review is a biannual literary journal founded in 1982 by Ronald Spatz and James Liszka at the University of Alaska Anchorage.	The Alaska Quarterly Review	University of Alaska Anchorage
publisher	Crüe Ball is a 1992 pinball video game developed by Electronic Arts for the Mega Drive/Genesis.	Crüe Ball	Electronic Arts
publisher	The Inevitability of Patriarchy is a book by Steven Goldberg published by William Morrow and Company in 1973.	The Inevitability of Patriarchy	William Morrow and Company
publisher	Written during World War II, The Open Society and Its Enemies was first printed in London by Routledge in 1945 in two volumes: ``The Spell of Plato'' and ``The High Tide of Prophecy:	The Open Society and Its Enemies	Routledge
publisher	Grey Room is a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly, in print and online, by the MIT Press.	Grey Room	MIT Press
publisher	This Is Football is a football video game series of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe (SCEE) by SCEE Internal Development Team.	This Is Football	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	Annales Scientifiques de l'École Normale Supérieure is a French scientific journal of mathematics published by the Société Mathématique de France.	Annales Scientifiques de l'École Normale Supérieure	Société Mathématique de France
publisher	EA Mobile announced the availability of Wolfenstein RPG on August 14, 2009, a new take on the classic game originally created by id Software, on the App Store.	Wolfenstein RPG	EA Mobile
publisher	Bogoslovni vestnik, subtitled Theological Quarterly, Ephemerides Theologicae, is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on theology published by the Faculty of Theology of the University of Ljubljana.	Bogoslovni vestnik	University of Ljubljana
publisher	Amazing Island (カイジュウの島 ～アメージングアイランド～, lit. ``Island of Monsters: Amazing Island''), is a video game developed by Ancient and Hitmaker and published by Sega for the GameCube.	Amazing Island	Sega
publisher	This story appeared only in The Silver Locusts, the British edition of The Martian Chronicles, the 1974 edition from The Heritage Press, the September 1979 illustrated trade edition from Bantam Books, the ``40th Anniversary Edition'' from Doubleday Dell Publishing Group and in the 2001 Book-of-the-Month Club edition.	The Martian Chronicles	Doubleday
publisher	Dhalgren was officially published in January, 1975 (with copies available on bookshelves as early as the first week in December, 1974), as a paperback original (a Frederik Pohl selection) by Bantam Books.	Dhalgren	Bantam Books
publisher	Clinical Lung Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal that has been published by Elsevier since 2011.	Clinical Lung Cancer	Elsevier
publisher	After years of misunderstandings, accusations of duplicity and hurried letters, Thomas Seltzer finally published the first edition of Women in Love in New York City on 9 November 1920.	Women in Love	Thomas Seltzer
record label	Methods of Silence is the second album by the German band Camouflage, released by Atlantic Records in June 1989.	Methods of Silence	Atlantic Records
record label	``Pleasure Boys'' is a single by the British pop group Visage, released on Polydor Records in October 1982.	Pleasure Boys	Polydor Records
record label	Sit Down and Talk to Me is a 1980 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls, released on the Philadelphia International Records label.	Sit Down and Talk to Me	Philadelphia International Records
record label	Cupid & Psyche 85 is the second album by the British/American pop group Scritti Politti, released in the UK on Virgin Records on 10 June 1985.	Cupid & Psyche 85	Virgin Records
record label	Transatlanticism is the fourth studio album by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, released on October 7, 2003, by Barsuk Records.	Transatlanticism	Barsuk Records
record label	I'm New Here is the 13th and final studio album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released on February 8, 2010, by XL Recordings.	I'm New Here	XL Recordings
record label	Futuristic Dragon is the eleventh studio album and a UK-only release by English glam rock act T. Rex, released on 30 January 1976 by record label EMI.	Futuristic Dragon	EMI
record label	In the Key of Disney is the tenth studio album by Brian Wilson, released on October 25, 2011, by Walt Disney Records as part of the Disney Pearl Series.	In the Key of Disney	Walt Disney Records
record label	After settling payment disputes with Capitol Records, Smiley Smile was distributed in collaboration with Brother Records, a new record label and holding company founded by the group.	Smiley Smile	Capitol Records	Brother Records
record label	That's My Story is a studio album by American blues musician John Lee Hooker, released in 1960 on Riverside Records.	That's My Story	Riverside Records
sex or gender	Bojan Zdešar (born November 30, 1984 in Ljubljana) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia, who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Bojan Zdešar	male
sex or gender	Tuba Yenen (born January 8, 1991 in İzmit, Turkey) is a European champion Turkish female karateka competing currently in the kumite -55 kg division.	Tuba Yenen	female
sex or gender	Charlene Rink (born February 11, 1972) is a former professional fitness competitor, wrestler and competitive female bodybuilder.	Charlene Rink	female
sex or gender	Surekha Yadav née Surekha Shankar Yadav (born 2 September 1965) is the first female train driver for the Indian Railways in India, and also in Asia.	Surekha Yadav	female
sex or gender	Hasna Doreh (Somali: Xasna Dooreeh, Arabic: حسناء دوريه‎) was an early 20th-century Somali female commander of the Dervish State, a state which frequently engaged in battles against the imperial powers during the Somaliland campaign.	Hasna Doreh	female
sex or gender	Gigi Hangach is an American female singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist of the all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue.	Gigi Hangach	female
sex or gender	Dominique Cerejo is an Indian female playback singer best known for the song ``Yeh Tumhari Meri Baatein'' from Rock On!!.	Dominique Cerejo	female
sex or gender	Hermine Braunsteiner Ryan (July 16, 1919 -- April 19, 1999) was a female camp guard at Ravensbrück and Majdanek concentration camps, and the first Nazi war criminal to be extradited from the United States, to face trial in Germany.	Hermine Braunsteiner	female
sex or gender	Sarah Fyge Egerton (1670--1723) was an English female poet who wrote in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries.	Sarah Fyge Egerton	female
sex or gender	Tanja Godina (born September 21, 1970 in Maribor) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from Slovenia.	Tanja Godina	female
sport	The Rugby League European Federation (RLEF) is the umbrella body for nations playing the sport of rugby league football across Europe and the Northern Hemisphere.	Rugby League European Federation	rugby league
sport	The British Covered Court Championships (BCCC) was an indoor tennis event held from 1885 though 1971 and played in London, England.	British Covered Court Championships	tennis
sport	The Calgary Expos were a minor league baseball team located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada from 1977-84.	Calgary Expos	baseball
sport	East London All-Stars is an English basketball team based in the Newham area of East London.	East London All-Stars	basketball
sport	The Chess Federation of Armenia is the governing chess organisation in Armenia and is affiliated to FIDE.	Chess Federation of Armenia	chess
sport	The San Diego Siege was a women's professional basketball team in the now defunct National Women's Basketball League (NWBL).	San Diego Siege	basketball
sport	The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane, the capital of the state of Queensland.	Brisbane Broncos	rugby league
sport	The 1998 Dubai Tennis Championships was a men's tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts at the Aviation Club Tennis Centre in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates that were part of the World Series of the 1998 ATP Tour.	1998 Dubai Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Kenneth Lyons (born January 21, 1960) is a retired American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at North Texas State University (now known as the University of North Texas) between 1979--80 and 1982--83.	Kenneth Lyons	basketball
sport	Chris Haughton (born July 4, 1992) is a cadet olympic recurve archer and has qualified to be a member of the Canadian National Archery Team and he is also an archery coach for the Ontario School of Olympic Archery.	Chris Haughton	archery
spouse	Maria Luisa of Savoy (Maria Luisa Gabriella; 17 September 1688 -- 14 February 1714) was a Savoyard princess and the first wife of Philip V of Spain.	Maria Luisa of Savoy	Philip V of Spain
spouse	Basilina (died 332/333) was the wife of Julius Constantius and the mother of Roman Emperor Julian, who in her honour gave the name Basilinopolis to a city in Bithynia (modern Pazarköy near Gemlik, in Turkey).	Basilina	Julius Constantius
spouse	Antony Beevor is married to biographer Artemis Cooper; they have two children, Nella and Adam.	Antony Beevor	Artemis Cooper
spouse	Michael Mronz (born March 1, 1967 in Cologne) is a German sports manager and longtime partner of former German foreign minister Guido Westerwelle.	Michael Mronz	Guido Westerwelle
spouse	Gary Morton (December 19, 1924 -- March 30, 1999) was the second husband of Lucille Ball.	Gary Morton	Lucille Ball
spouse	Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon (27 November 1635 -- 15 April 1719) was the second wife of King Louis XIV of France.	Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon	Louis XIV of France
spouse	This is why Peter Cook says 'Justin de Villeneuve watch out!' and 'Justin de Villeneuve is my friend!' De Villeneuve married designer Sue Timney at Chelsea Town Hall in 2007.	Justin de Villeneuve	Sue Timney
spouse	Juhi Parmar, of Gujarati heritage is married to television personality and businessman Sachin Shroff.	Juhi Parmar	Sachin Shroff
spouse	Esther Marion Armstrong was the widow of Edwin Howard Armstrong, notable for continuing his patent battles after despair drove him to suicide.	Esther Marion Armstrong	Edwin Howard Armstrong
spouse	Hersilia was the wife of Romulus, the founder and first King of Rome in Rome's founding myths.	Hersilia	Romulus
spouse	Daniel Ducruet (born 27 November 1964) is a former husband of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco, to whom he was married in 1995 and divorced from a year later in 1996.	Daniel Ducruet	Princess Stéphanie of Monaco
spouse	Yuchi Chifan (Chinese: 尉遲熾繁) or Yuchi Fanchi (Chinese: 尉遲繁熾) (566--595), later Buddhist nun name Huashou (華首), was a concubine of Emperor Xuan of Northern Zhou, an emperor of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou.	Yuchi Chifan	Emperor Xuan of Northern Zhou
spouse	Isias, surnamed Philostorgos or Philostorgus (Greek: η Ισίας Φιλόστοργος, meaning Isias the loving one) was a Princess of Cappadocia who lived in the 1st century BC. Through her marriage to King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene, she became the Queen of Commagene.	Isias	Antiochus I Theos of Commagene
spouse	Gowri Pandit married Bollywood actor Nikhil Dwivedi on 7 March 2011.	Gowri Pandit	Nikhil Dwivedi
spouse	Jean-Jacques Schuhl (born October 9, 1941 in Marseille) is a French author, recipient of the 2000 Prix Goncourt literary award for his novel Ingrid Caven.	Jean-Jacques Schuhl	Ingrid Caven
spouse	She is the wife of Shiv Nadar, the founder of HCL Technologies, and is a trustee of the Shiv Nadar Foundation and the founder of Kiran Nadar Museum of Art.	Kiran Nadar	Shiv Nadar
spouse	Anne-Marie von Schutzbar genannt Milchling (3 July 1903 --1 January 1991) was the second wife of Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg, pretender to the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg.	Anne-Marie von Schutzbar genannt Milchling	Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg
spouse	In 1968 John Cale married fashion designer Betsey Johnson.	John Cale	Betsey Johnson
spouse	Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy, ``Comtesse de la Motte'' (22 July 1756 -- 23 August 1791) was a notorious French adventuress and thief; she was married to Nicholas de la Motte whose family's claim to nobility is dubious.	Jeanne de Valois-Saint-Rémy	Nicholas de la Motte
spouse	Philippa de Mohun (died 1431) was Duchess of York, due to her third marriage to Edward of Norwich, 2nd Duke of York (c.1373-1415), Lord of the Isle of Wight, a grandson of King Edward III (1327-1377).	Philippa de Mohun	Edward of Norwich, 2nd Duke of York
spouse	Nora Eddington (February 25, 1924 -- April 10, 2001) is best known as the second wife of actor Errol Flynn.	Nora Eddington	Errol Flynn
spouse	Princess Pan (潘王妃) (968--989) was the first wife of the future Emperor Zhenzong of Song in imperial China's Song Dynasty.	Princess Pan	Emperor Zhenzong of Song
spouse	Mahmoud el-Meliguy met the Egyptian actress Alwiya Gamil in 1938 and married her in 1939.	Mahmoud el-Meliguy	Alwiya Gamil
spouse	Tessa Wyatt (born 23 April 1948) is an English actress who first came to the public spotlight through her marriage to Tony Blackburn.	Tessa Wyatt	Tony Blackburn
spouse	Gassulawiya was a Hittite queen of the king Mursili II, ruler of the Hittite Empire (New kingdom) ca.	Gassulawiya	Mursili II
spouse	Adela of Meissen (also Adelheid or Adele) (died 23 October 1181) was a Danish Queen consort, spouse of King Sweyn III of Denmark.	Adela of Meissen	Sweyn III of Denmark
spouse	Karuvaki (Odia: Karubaki, Sanskrit: Charuvaki) was the second queen of the third Mauryan emperor, Ashoka.	Karuvaki	Ashoka
spouse	Dinah Sheridan's second husband, film executive John Davis, whom she married in 1954, insisted that she quit acting and stay at home with her children.	Dinah Sheridan	John Davis
spouse	In 1938, the American heiress and artistic patron Peggy Guggenheim acquired a number of Max Ernst's works, which she displayed in her new gallery in London.	Max Ernst	Peggy Guggenheim
spouse	College Confidential (1960) Steve Allen starred in B-movie ``College Confidential'' with Jayne Meadows and Mamie Van Doren.	Steve Allen	Jayne Meadows
taxon rank	Graphocephala is a large genus of leafhoppers, found from southern Canada to northern South America.	Graphocephala	genus
taxon rank	The Amazon wood lizard (Enyalioides laticeps), also known as Guichenot's Dwarf Iguana is a species of reptile in the genus Enyalioides, native to the western part of the Amazon basin, notably in Colombia, Ecuador, Brazil, and Peru.	Enyalioides laticeps	species
taxon rank	Diloma bicanaliculata, common name the knobbed top shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Diloma bicanaliculata	species
taxon rank	Azolla pinnata is a species of fern known by several common names, including feathered mosquitofern and water velvet.	Azolla pinnata	species
taxon rank	The Tamá small-eared shrew (Cryptotis tamensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Tamá small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Stevia rebaudiana is a plant species in the genus Stevia of the sunflower family (Asteraceae), commonly known as candyleaf, sweetleaf, sweet leaf, or sugarleaf.	Stevia rebaudiana	species
taxon rank	The Clydonautilidae are Middle and Upper Triassic nautiloid cephalopods, which are derivatives of the clydonautlicean family Liroceratidae, that have generally smooth, involute, globular to compressed shells, characterized by a suture with prominent lobes and saddles.	Clydonautilidae	family
taxon rank	Neritina rubricata is a species of small freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Neritina rubricata	species
taxon rank	Callipyrga turrita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Callipyrga.	Callipyrga turrita	species
taxon rank	Myripristis kochiensis is a species of fish in the soldierfish family found in the Northwest Pacific	Myripristis kochiensis	species
voice type	Margarita Gonzalez Ontiveros (1 September 1927, Chihuahua -- 29 May 2006, Cuernavaca) was a Mexican-born mezzo-soprano and contralto.	Margarita Gonzalez Ontiveros	mezzo-soprano	contralto
voice type	Adrianne Pieczonka, OC (born March 2, 1963) is a Canadian soprano opera singer.	Adrianne Pieczonka	soprano
voice type	Maurizia Barazzoni is a soprano born in 1955 in Bibbiano, Reggio Emilia, Italy.	Maurizia Barazzoni	soprano
voice type	Ralf Popken (born 1962) is a German countertenor.	Ralf Popken	countertenor
voice type	Gilda Cruz-Romo (née Gilda Cruz, born February 12, 1940) is a Mexican operatic soprano, particularly associated with dramatic roles of the Italian repertory, notably Aida and Tosca.	Gilda Cruz-Romo	soprano
voice type	Barbara Frittoli (born 19 April 1967) is an Italian operatic soprano who has sung leading roles in opera houses throughout Europe and in the United States.	Barbara Frittoli	soprano
voice type	Giorgio Tozzi (January 8, 1923 -- May 30, 2011) was an American operatic bass.	Giorgio Tozzi	bass
voice type	Badri Maisuradze (Georgian: ბადრი მაისურაძე) (born on November 13, 1966) is a Georgian tenor opera singer, a leading dramatic tenor of the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, Russia.	Badri Maisuradze	tenor
voice type	Selma Ek (3 September 1856 -- 3 May 1941) was a Swedish operatic soprano who had an active international career from the 1870s through the 1890s.	Selma Ek	soprano
voice type	Claudia Hellmann is a German contralto singer in opera and concert.	Claudia Hellmann	contralto
voice type	Frederic Austin (30 March 1872 -- 10 April 1952) was an English baritone singer, a musical teacher and composer in the period 1905--30.	Frederic Austin	baritone
voice type	Angelo Badà (Pernate, 27 May 1876 -- Novara, 23 March 1941) was an Italian operatic tenor.	Angelo Badà	tenor
voice type	Barbara Dever (born December 25, 1951) is an American mezzo-soprano opera singer who has appeared with Luciano Pavarotti, Plácido Domingo, Zubin Mehta, Nello Santi and James Levine.	Barbara Dever	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Marie Rappold, née Winterrath (17 August 1872 -- 12 May 1957) was a German-born American operatic soprano.	Marie Rappold	soprano
voice type	Joseph Calleja, (born 22 January 1978 in Attard), is a Maltese tenor.	Joseph Calleja	tenor
voice type	Lisa Kirk (February 25, 1925 -- November 11, 1990) was an American actress and singer noted for her comic talents and rich contralto (her voice was called a husky alto).	Lisa Kirk	contralto
voice type	Gerd Brenneis (March 1, 1930, Nienhagen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern - March 13, 2003, Güstrow) was a German operatic tenor who had an active international career from the late 1950s through the 1990s.	Gerd Brenneis	tenor
voice type	Richard Bonelli (February 6, 1889 - June 7, 1980) was an American operatic baritone active from 1915 to the late 1970s.	Richard Bonelli	baritone
voice type	Erica Eloff is a South African soprano specializing in opera, lieder and oratorio, currently residing in England.	Erica Eloff	soprano
voice type	Inga Nielsen (2 June 1946 -- 10 February 2008) was a Danish soprano who had an active international opera career from 1971 to 2006.	Inga Nielsen	soprano
voice type	Gidon Saks (born 15 January 1960) is an Israeli-born South African bass-baritone.	Gidon Saks	bass
voice type	Radu Marian (born in 1977) is a Romanian/Moldovan male soprano or sopranist.	Radu Marian	soprano
voice type	Carol Wilson is an American operatic soprano who is particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Richard Strauss, and Richard Wagner.	Carol Wilson	soprano
voice type	Celso Albelo (born in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain) is a Spanish operatic tenor.	Celso Albelo	tenor
voice type	Elin Manahan Thomas is a Welsh soprano, best known as a performer of Baroque music.	Elin Manahan Thomas	soprano
voice type	Johanna Gadski (15 June 1870 -- 22 February 1932) was a German soprano.	Johanna Gadski	soprano
voice type	Jayne West is an American operatic soprano, who was born in White Plains, New York, and was raised in Framingham, Massachusetts.	Jayne West	soprano
voice type	Mario Tiberini (8 September 1826 -- 16 October 1880) was an Italian tenor who sang leading roles in the opera houses of Europe and the Americas in a career spanning 25 years.	Mario Tiberini	tenor
voice type	Irène Joachim (13 March 1913 - 20 April 2001) was a French soprano, and later a vocal teacher.	Irène Joachim	soprano
voice type	Johan Messchaert (22 August 1857 -- 9 September 1922) was a Dutch baritone singer and vocal pedagogue.	Johan Messchaert	baritone
voice type	Ion Buzea (born on August 14, 1934) is a Romanian tenor who enjoyed a successful international career.	Ion Buzea	tenor
voice type	Martina Janková (born 1972, Orlová) is a Czech operatic soprano.	Martina Janková	soprano
voice type	Janet Perry (born December 27, 1947, Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a celebrated operatic soprano.	Janet Perry	soprano
voice type	Writing in Opera News, George Hall commented: ``Best of all was the Countess, Elizabeth Llewellyn, whose rich-toned, agile soprano offered a level of vocal quality too often missing elsewhere; her performance was the more remarkable given that she was a late replacement, announced only on the day of performance.	Elizabeth Llewellyn	soprano
voice type	Armando Bini (Pisa, October 1, 1887 -- Milan, October 31, 1954) was an Italian tenor.	Armando Bini	tenor
voice type	Luigia Polzelli (c. 1760 -- 5 October 1830) was an Italian mezzo-soprano, who sang at the Esterházy court in Hungary during the late 18th century.	Luigia Polzelli	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Katia Ricciarelli (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkatja rittʃaˈrɛlli); born 16 January, 1946) is an Italian soprano.	Katia Ricciarelli	soprano
voice type	Carlotta Patti (c. 1840 -- 27 June 1889) was a nineteenth-century operatic soprano and sister to famed soprano Adelina Patti.	Carlotta Patti	soprano
