Vicente Manansala , a National Artist of the Philippines in Visual Arts , was a direct influence to his fellow Filipino neo - realists :
Il sire di Vincigliata ( `` The Sire of Vincigliata '' ) is a 1913 Italian silent colour film , produced by Roberts Film of Florence / Série d'Art Pathé frères ( SAPF ) and directed by Alfredo Robert who also plays the title character .
Idol on Parade also known as Idle on Parade is a 1959 youth - oriented British comedy film directed by John Gilling and starring Anthony Newley , Sid James and Lionel Jeffries .
Sun Valley Serenade is a 1941 musical film starring Sonja Henie , John Payne , Glenn Miller , Milton Berle , and Lynn Bari .
The Invisible Divorce is a 1920 American silent drama film released by Select Pictures and starring Leatrice Joy .
Injakkadan Mathai & Sons is a 1993 Malayalam film written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Babu , starring Suresh Gopi , Jagadish , Innocent , and Urvashi .
The Red Mouse ( German : Die rote Maus ) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Aud Egede Nissen , Paul Richter and Charles Willy Kayser .
Judy of Rogue 's Harbor is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Mary Miles Minter .
Gunman in the Streets ( Canadian title Gangster at Bay ) is a French / US - produced 1950 black - and - white film noir directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Dane Clark and Simone Signoret .
Witness to Murder is a 1954 suspense film starring Barbara Stanwyck .
Mae bia ( Thai : แม่เบี้ย , or The Snake Lady ) is a 2001 Thai romance - horror film directed by Somching Srisuparp and starring Napakpapha Nakprasitte and Akara Amarttayakul .
Urban Menace is a 1999 direct - to - video horror film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Snoop Dogg , Big Pun , Ice - T and Fat Joe .
One Minute to Zero ( 1952 ) is a romantic war film starring Robert Mitchum and Ann Blyth , set during the Korean War , and produced by Howard Hughes as the last film he fronted .
Swami Dada is a 1982 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Dev Anand , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Naseeruddin Shah , newcomer Christine O'Neil , Padmini Kohlapure and Dev Anand .
Dammu , also spelt Dhammu,(English : Guts ) is a Telugu action masala film starring Jr. NTR , Trisha Krishnan and Karthika Nair in the lead roles apart from Bhanupriya , Kota Srinivasa Rao and Venu Thottempudi .
Love at Times Square is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by and starring Dev Anand with Shoib Khan , Chaitanya Chaudhary and Heene Kaushik .
Eternal Blood ( originally Sangre Eterna ) is a 2002 Chilean vampire - horror film directed by Jorge Olguín , written by Carolina García and Olguín , and starring Blanca Lewin , Juan Pablo Ogalde , Patricia López , and Claudio Espinoza .
Mounam Kalaikirathu is a 1986 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan , starring Suresh , Jeevitha , Anand Babu , Jayashree , Vijayakumar , Chinni Jayanth and S. S. Chandran .
Gold on the Street ( German : Geld auf der Straße ) is a 1930 Austrian - German romantic comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Lydia Pollman , Georg Alexander and Franz Schafheitlin .
The Undertow is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Frank Thorne starring Franklin Ritchie , Helene Rosson , and Eugenie Forde .
High Noon is a 1952 American Western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper .
Run Barbi Run is a comedy movie released by Cinemax Studios ( nee GMA Films ) and Moviestar Productions topbilled by Joey de Leon in 1995 with the Eraserheads and Maricel Laxa .
Untraceable is a 2008 American thriller film starring Diane Lane , Colin Hanks , Billy Burke , and Joseph Cross .
Ek Thi Rani Aisi Bhi is a 2013 Hindi language historical drama / biopic directed by Gul Bahar Singh and starring Indian MP and actress Hema Malini who portrays Vijaya Raje Scindia .
The Ballad of Cable Hogue is a 1970 Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Jason Robards , Stella Stevens and David Warner .
Victim Five also known as Code 7 , Victim 5 is a 1964 British crime film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Lex Barker , Ronald Fraser , Ann Smyrner and Walter Rilla .
Harry Tracy , Desperado is a 1982 Canadian drama / western film starring Bruce Dern and Helen Shaver .
East Side / West Side is an American drama series starring George C. Scott , Elizabeth Wilson , Cicely Tyson , and later on , Linden Chiles .
She Cried No ( also known as Freshman Fall ) is a 1996 American television drama film directed by Bethany Rooney , which starred Candace Cameron Bure and Mark - Paul Gosselaar , both former pre - teen idols .
Zotz ! is a 1962 fantasy / comedy film produced and directed by William Castle , about a man obtaining magical powers from a god of an ancient civilization .
Lady of the Pavements ( UK title : Lady of the Night ) is a 1929 American silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lupe Vélez , William Boyd , and Jetta Goudal .
Lawn Dogs is a 1997 British - American fantasy - drama film directed by John Duigan and starring Mischa Barton and Sam Rockwell .
Bedardi is a 1993 movie starring Ajay Devgn , Urmila Matondkar , Naseeruddin Shah , Reena Roy , Ashok Banthia and Kiran Kumar in pivotal roles .
Slattery 's Hurricane thus begins with this narrative by Gary Merrill .
Love Is a Racket ( UK title : Such Things Happen ) is a 1932 American Pre - Code romantic comedy - drama film , starring Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. and Ann Dvorak .
Destry Rides Again is a 1939 western starring Marlene Dietrich and James Stewart , and directed by George Marshall .
The War Between Men and Women is a 1972 live action motion picture which incorporates some cartoon sequences , starring Jack Lemmon , Barbara Harris , and Jason Robards .
Paulie is a 1998 German / American adventure fantasy comedy film about a disobedient bird named Paulie , starring Tony Shalhoub , Gena Rowlands , Hallie Eisenberg , and Jay Mohr .
First Option is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Gordon Chan , and starring Michael Wong and Gigi Leung .
Macho like Me is a documentary film directed and performed by Helie Lee .
The Third Round ( 1925 ) was the second silent film adaptation of the Bulldog Drummond character , starring Jack Buchanan and Betty Faire , adapted by Sidney Morgan from the novel of the same name by H. C. McNeile , and directed by Morgan .
Mary Pickford - Artful Kate Stanley Owen Moore - Lt . Hamilton Charles Arling -
Age of the Dragons is a 2011 fantasy film starring Danny Glover and Vinnie Jones , directed by Ryan Little .
Gentle Man Security is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J Williams , starring Captain Raju and Silk Smitha in the lead roles .
Two for Tonight is a 1935 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby , Joan Bennett , and Mary Boland .
Before Winter Comes takes place in the immediate aftermath of World War II . British Major Giles Burnside ( David Niven ) is assigned to an Austrian refugee camp ; his mission is to send the groups of displaced civilians to either the Russian or the American zone .
Veritas , Prince of Truth is a 2007 fantasy film starring Sean Patrick Flanery , Bret Loehr , Amy Jo Johnson , Tyler Posey , Kate Walsh , Danny Strong and directed by Arturo Ruiz - Esparza .
All About My Father is a personal documentary about the director 's father , the famous sexologist and transvestite Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad , who lives in the southern Norwegian city of Grimstad .
Ee Pattanathil Bhootham stars Mammootty , Kavya Madhavan , & Innocent .
Man in the 5th Dimension is a 1964 short film produced and directed by Dick Ross and starring Billy Graham .
A Guide for the Married Man is a 1967 American bedroom farce comedy film starring Walter Matthau , Robert Morse , and Inger Stevens .
Black Belt Jones is a 1974 American blaxploitation martial arts film directed by Robert Clouse and starring Jim Kelly .
I 'll Believe You is a 2006 American comedy film starring David Alan Basche , Patrick Warburton and Siobhan Fallon .
Ek Ghar ( The House ) is a 1991 Indian Hindi psychological drama film directed by Girish Kasaravalli with Deepti Naval , Naseeruddin Shah and Rohini Hattangadi in the lead roles .
Whirlygirl is a 2006 coming of age film starring Monet Mazur as the title character and Julian Morris , who plays a boarding school student named James Edwards .
Max , Mon Amour aka Max , My Love is a 1986 film directed by Nagisa Oshima , starring Charlotte Rampling , Anthony Higgins , Victoria Abril , Pierre Étaix and Milena Vukotic .
A Mobile Love Story ( Simplified Chinese : 爱情占线 ; pinyin : Ai Qing Zhan Xian ) is a twenty - one episode Chinese Romance Idol Drama starring Taiwanese heartthrob Wallace Huo and Mainland singer - actress Han Xue with Singapore superstars Christopher Lee and Yvonne Lim .
Then I Sentenced Them All to Death ( Romanian : Atunci i - am condamnat pe toţi la moarte ) is a 1972 Romanian historical and social film about World War II . It was directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu .
The Thief of Tibidabo ( Spanish : La vida es magnífica , French : Le voleur de Tibidabo ) is a 1964 Spanish - French crime - comedy film directed by Maurice Ronet and starring Anna Karina .
Marfa Strogoff Claudio Gora :
The Mackintosh Man is a 1973 British - American cold war spy thriller film , directed by John Huston and starring Paul Newman , Dominique Sanda and James Mason .
Harry Carey - Overland Red Charles Le Moyne - Silent Saunders Harold Goodwin - Collie Vola Vale - Louise Alacarme David B. Gally - Billy Winthrop C. E. Anderson - Boggs ( as C. Anderson ) Joe Harris - Sago J. Morris Foster - Undetermined Role
Aata ( translation : Game ) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Siddharth Narayan and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles .
Kantatar ( Bengali : কাঁটাতার , Barbed Wire ) is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay , and featuring Sreelekha Mitra , Sudip Mukherjee , Rudranil Ghosh .
Just Rambling Along is a 1918 American short silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel .
Windbag the Sailor ( 1936 ) is a British comedy film directed by William Beaudine , starring Will Hay in the title role .
Operator 13 is a 1934 American romance film directed by Richard Boleslawski and starring Marion Davies , Gary Cooper , and Jean Parker .
Johnny Eager ( Robert Taylor ) masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer , A. J. Verne ( Henry O'Neill ) , but in reality , he is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate .
Kal Aaj Aur Kal ( Yesterday , Today and Tomorrow ) is a 1971 Hindi film produced by Raj Kapoor and directed by his son Randhir Kapoor .
Pure Pumpkin Flower ( Hangul : 호박꽃 순정 ; RR : Hobakkkot Soonjung ) is South Korean television series starring Lee Chung - ah , Bae Jong - ok , Jin Tae - hyun and Jang Hyun - sung .
88 Minutes is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Jon Avnet , and starring Al Pacino , Alicia Witt , Leelee Sobieski , William Forsythe , Deborah Kara Unger , Amy Brenneman , Neal McDonough and Benjamin McKenzie .
No Time for Comedy is a 1940 comedy - drama film based on the play of the same name by S. N. Behrman , starring James Stewart , Rosalind Russell , Genevieve Tobin and Charles Ruggles .
The Public Menace is a 1935 American black - and - white romantic drama film starring Jean Arthur , George Murphy and Douglass Dumbrille .
Breathing Fire is a 1991 American martial arts film directed by Lou Kennedy in his directorial debut , and co - directed by Brandon De - Wilde , and starring Jonathan Ke Quan , Eddie Saavedra , Ed Neal and Jerry Trimble .
Reckless Roads is a 1935 American drama film directed by Burt P. Lynwood and starring Judith Allen , Regis Toomey and Lloyd Hughes .
Getting Gilliam is a 2005 documentary film directed by Vincenzo Natali about the making of Terry Gilliam 's film Tideland .
The Light Across the Street ( French : La Lumière d'en face ) is a 1956 French drama film starring Brigitte Bardot directed by Georges Lacombe .
Mountain Family Robinson is a 1979 family movie that stars Robert Logan , Susan Damante - Shaw and George Buck Flower .
The Harder They Fall is a 1956 film noir directed by Mark Robson , featuring Humphrey Bogart in his last film .
The Power of Myth is a book based on the 1988 PBS documentary Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth .
Hawk the Slayer is a 1980 British sword and sorcery adventure fantasy film directed by Terry Marcel and starring John Terry and Jack Palance .
The Tragedy of Whispering Creek is a 1914 American silent short Western film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Murdock MacQuarrie , Pauline Bush , and Lon Chaney .
The Lion of Judah is a 2011 American 3D computer - animated christian comedy - drama film produced by Animated Family Films , distributed by Rocky Mountain Pictures and starring Scott Eastwood , Georgina Cordova , Sandi Patty , Anupam Kher , Michael Madsen , Alphonso McAuley , Omar Benson Miller , Vic Mignogna and Ernest Borgnine .
The Warrior and the Sorceress is a 1984 Argentine - American fantasy action film directed by John C. Broderick and starring David Carradine , María Socas and Luke Askew .
Ellen Vogel as Monsieur Hawarden / Meriora Gillibrand Hilde Uitterlinden as Victorine Joan Remmelts as Rentmeester Deschamps Dora van der Groen as Mw .
While Parents Sleep is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Jean Gillie , Enid Stamp Taylor and Romilly Lunge .
Nelly Frijda as Ma Flodder Huub Stapel as son Johnny Flodder
Ruk Jung ( Thai : รักจัง ; rtgs : Rak Chang ; English title The Memory ; literal translation , `` So Much Love '' ) is a 2006 Thai romantic - comedy film directed by Haeman Chatemee and starring `` Film '' Ratchaphoom Tokongsup and Paula Taylor .
Omega Doom is a 1996 American science - fiction action film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Rutger Hauer .
Wiretapper is a 1955 crime action biopic directed by Dick Ross , written by John O'Dea , starring Bill Williams , Georgia Lee and Douglas Kennedy .
Riders of the Whistling Skull is a 1937 `` Three Mesquiteers '' Western B - movie of the weird western genre starring Bob Livingston , Ray `` Crash '' Corrigan , and ventriloquist Max Terhune with his dummy Elmer .
P.K. and the Kid ( also known as Petaluma Pride ) is a drama film directed by Lou Lombardo and starring Paul Le Mat , Molly Ringwald and Alex Rocco .
The Woman 's Angle is 1952 British drama film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Edward Underdown , Cathy O'Donnell and Lois Maxwell .
Unexpected Uncle is a 1941 American comedy - drama film directed by Peter Godfrey , and starring Charles Coburn , Anne Shirley , and James Craig .
Flames of Passion ( 1922 ) was a British silent film drama directed by Graham Cutts , starred Mae Marsh and C. Aubrey Smith .
Strike of Thunderkick Tiger is 1982 Action drama film starring Casanova Wong and Charles Han .
The film stars Troy Donahue , Sabrina , Elizabeth Campbell , Emilio Fernández , Germán Robles , and Pedro Armendáriz , Jr. A digitally restored version of The Phantom Gunslinger was released in December 2013 .
Edmea Lari as Maria , detta ' a Madunnella ' Aldo Bufi Landi as Mario Rino Genovese as Michele il contrabbandiere Ugo D'Alessio as Il ragionere , padre di Maria Vittoria Crispo Giovanni Berardi Alberto Amato Natale Montillo
For Singles Only is a 1968 Eastmancolor comedy film directed by Arthur Dreifuss , written by Hal Collins , starring John Saxon , Mary Ann Mobley and Lana Wood .
Up in Arms ( 1944 ) is a film directed by Elliott Nugent , and starring Danny Kaye and Dinah Shore .
The Son of Dr. Jekyll is a 1951 American historical horror film directed by Seymour Friedman and starring Louis Hayward , Jody Lawrance , Lester Matthews and Alexander Knox .
El as de oros ( `` The Ace of Diamonds '' ) is a 1968 Mexican film , directed by Chano Urueta , starring Manuel Capetillo , Flor Silvestre , Regina Torné , and Antonio Aguilar ( as himself in a cameo role ) .
Oru Small Family ( Malayalam : ഒരു സ്മോൾ ഫാമിലി ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan , starring Rajasenan , Seetha , Kailash and Ananya .
Bad Teacher is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan based on a screenplay by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky , starring Cameron Diaz , Justin Timberlake , Lucy Punch and Jason Segel .
A Thunder of Drums is a 1961 Western directed by Joseph M. Newman , starring Richard Boone , George Hamilton and Luana Patten .
The Deadly Duo is a 1971 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh , and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung .
Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal ( English : Small Bouts of Happiness ) is a 2000 Malayalam film by Sathyan Anthikkad starring Jayaram and his son Kalidas Jayaram .
Ruth Chatterton as Frisco Jenny Sandoval Louis Calhern as Steve Dutton Helen Jerome Eddy as Amah Donald Cook as Dan Reynolds James Murray as Dan McAllister Hallam Cooley as Willie Gleason Pat O'Malley as Policeman Pat O'Hoolihan Harold Huber as George Weaver Robert Emmett O'Connor as Jim Sandoval Willard Robertson as Police Captain Tom
Mourning Grave ( Hangul : 소녀괴담 ; RR : Sonyeogoedam ; lit . `` Girl Ghost Story '' ) is a 2014 South Korean mystery horror film starring Kang Ha - neul and Kim So - eun .
Facing the Giants is a 2006 American Christian drama film directed by and starring Alex Kendrick .
Rasputin and the Empress is a 1932 film about Imperial Russia starring the Barrymore siblings ( John , as `` Prince Chegodieff '' ; Ethel , as Czarina Alexandra ; and Lionel Barrymore , as Grigori Rasputin ) .
Srinatha Kavi Sarvabhowmudu is a 1993 Telugu , biographical film directed by Bapu starring N. T. Rama Rao , and Jaya Sudha .
The Goddess of Lost Lake is a 1918 American silent era drama film starring Louise Glaum , Lawson Butt , and Hayward Mack .
Disco Godfather , also known as The Avenging Disco Godfather , is a 1979 action film starring Rudy Ray Moore and Carol Speed , directed by J. Robert Wagoner and released by Transvue Pictures .
Where the Bullets Fly is a 1966 British comedy spy film directed by John Gilling and starring Tom Adams as Charles Vine and John Arnatt repeating their roles from Licensed to Kill ( aka The Second Best Secret Agent in the Whole Wide World ) .
His Name Was King ( Italian : Lo chiamavano King ) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Klaus Kinski .
Produced in part by Peter Lawford , Johnny Cool features a cast that also includes Mort Sahl , Telly Savalas , Jim Backus , Joey Bishop , and Sammy Davis , Jr. , who also sings the theme song .
Something Beneath is a 2007 Canadian suspense film directed by David Winning and stars Kevin Sorbo , Natalie Brown and Brendan Beiser .
A novice named Viridiana ( Silvia Pinal ) is about to take her vows when her uncle , Don Jaime ( Fernando Rey ) , invites her to visit him .
Barney Oldfield 's Race for a Life ( 1913 ) is a silent comedy short , directed and produced by Mack Sennett and starring Sennett , Mabel Normand , and Barney Oldfield as himself .
Gold Diggers of Broadway is a 1929 American Pre - Code musical comedy film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Winnie Lightner and Nick Lucas .
Days of Tomorrow ( 天長地久 ) is a 1993 Hong Kong romantic drama film written and directed by Jeffrey Lau , produced by and starring Andy Lau .
Nasihat is a 1986 Hindi film directed and produced by Aravind Sen. Rajesh Khanna , Shabana Azmi play the lead roles and supported by Mithun Chakraborty and Deepti Naval .
Honor of the Family is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film released by First National Pictures ( a subsidiary of Warner Bros. ) , starring Bebe Daniels and Warren William .
Cigarettes & Coffee is a 1993 short film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson starring Philip Baker Hall .
The September Issue is a 2009 American documentary film about the behind - the - scenes drama that follows editor - in - chief Anna Wintour and her staff during the production of the September 2007 issue of American Vogue magazine .
Phantom of Chinatown is a 1940 American mystery film directed by Phil Rosen starring Keye Luke .
Mere Hamdam Mere Dost is a 1968 film starring Dharmendra , Sharmila Tagore , Rehman , Mumtaz and Om Prakash .
The Court Concert ( German : Das Hofkonzert ) is a 1936 German historical romantic comedy film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Mártha Eggerth , Johannes Heesters and Kurt Meisel .
Det største spillet ( English : The Greatest Gamble ) is a 1967 Norwegian war drama directed by Knut Bohwim , starring Gard Øyen , Carl Henrik Størmer and Sverre Anker Ousdal .
The Man Behind the Gun is a 1953 Western film starring Randolph Scott about the establishment of the city of Los Angeles .
Slow Video ( Hangul : 슬로우 비디오 ; RR : Seullou Bidio ) is a 2014 South Korean comedy film written and directed by Kim Young - tak , starring Cha Tae - hyun and Nam Sang - mi .
Amman Kovil Vaasalile ( Tamil : அம்மன் கோவில் வாசலிலே ) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film , directed by Ramarajan and produced by S. Rajaram .
A Girl of London is a 1925 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Genevieve Townsend , Ian Hunter and Nora Swinburne .
Vaa Arugil Vaa is a 1991 Kollywood horror film starring Ramya Krishnan .
The Woman in Green is a 1945 American film , the eleventh of the fourteen Sherlock Holmes films based on the characters created by Arthur Conan Doyle , starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson , with Hillary Brooke as the woman of the title and Henry Daniell as Professor Moriarty .
The Angels ' Share is a Scottish comedy - drama film directed by Ken Loach , starring Paul Brannigan , John Henshaw , William Ruane , Gary Maitland , Jasmin Riggins , and Siobhan Reilly .
Tombstone Territory is an American Western series starring Pat Conway and Richard Eastham .
Dead Bodies is a 2003 Irish drama film by Robert Quinn starring Andrew Scott , Katy Davis , Eamonn Owens , Darren Healy and Kelly Reilly .
Pals of the Saddle is a 1938 `` Three Mesquiteers '' Western film starring John Wayne and directed by George Sherman .
Dojo Kanojo Cho ( voiced by Wayne Knight in Xiaolin Showdown , Paul Rugg in the video game , and Michael Donovan in Xiaolin Chronicles ) --
Day of the Evil Gun is a 1968 American traditional western starring Glenn Ford , Arthur Kennedy , and Dean Jagger .
B - And - B was a British sitcom starring Bernard Braden , his wife Barbara Kelly and their daughter Kim Braden .
Broadway Musketeers is a 1938 dramatic film directed by John Farrow for Warner Bros. Starring Margaret Lindsay , Ann Sheridan and Marie Wilson as three women who grew up in an orphanage and cross paths later in life , it is a remake of the earlier Warners film , Three on a Match .
Kill Keith is a 2011 British comedy horror film starring Susannah Fielding , Simon Phillips , and Keith Chegwin .
The Lily and the Rose ; sometimes Lily of the Rose is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Paul Powell and starring Lillian Gish .
Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai is a Pakistani Urdu Film starring Veena Malik , Babrak Shah , Ajab Gul , Sana Nawaz and Arbaaz Khan .
Ladies in Love ( 1936 ) is a romantic comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Janet Gaynor , Constance Bennett and Loretta Young .
Chodhyam is an unreleased Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by G. S. Vijayan , starring Rahman and Rupini in lead roles .
The Vatican Affair ( Italian : A qualsiasi prezzo ) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Emilio Miraglia and starring Klaus Kinski .
His Father 's Portrait ( French : Le Portrait de son père ) is a 1953 French comedy film starring Brigitte Bardot .
The Wrong Move stars Rüdiger Vogler and Hanna Schygulla and notably was the film debut of Nastassja Kinski , who later played one of the leading roles in Wenders ' film Paris , Texas ( 1984 ) , as well as appearing in his Faraway , So Close ( 1993 ) .
Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana is a 1992 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Rajesh Vakil , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Juhi Chawla , Shantipriya and Prem Chopra .
It Happened on Fifth Avenue ( 1947 ) is a motion picture comedy , directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Victor Moore , Ann Harding , Don DeFore , Charles Ruggles and Gale Storm .
Douchebags and Donuts is a stand up DVD hosted by comedian Denis Leary , released by Comedy Central .
Simple Sis is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and starring Louise Fazenda , Clyde Cook and Myrna Loy .
The Rock ' n ' Roll Dreams of Duncan Christopher is an American independent comedy film written by Jack Roberts and directed by Justin Monroe .
Bollywood / Hollywood centres on the character of Rahul Seth ( Rahul Khanna ) , a young , rich , Indo - Canadian living in Toronto whose widowed mother ( Moushumi Chatterjee ) is eager to get him married after the freak - accidental death of his white pop singer girlfriend , Kimberly ( Jessica Paré ) .
De l'autre côté du lit ( English : Changing Sides ) is a 2008 French comedy film directed by Pascale Pouzadoux and starring Sophie Marceau and Dany Boon .
Kaliyil Alpam Karyam is a 1984 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad and starring Mohanlal , Neelima , Rahman , Jagathi Sreekumar and Lizy in the lead roles .
Johnny Cool is a 1963 crime film directed by William Asher based on the novel The Kingdom of Johnny Cool by John McPartland which stars Henry Silva and Elizabeth Montgomery .
The Young Girl and the Monsoon is a 1999 comedy - drama film from Monsoon Productions and starring Terry Kinney and Ellen Muth .
Americathon ( also known as Americathon 1998 ) is a 1979 American comedy film starring John Ritter , Fred Willard , Peter Riegert , Harvey Korman , and Nancy Morgan , with narration by George Carlin , based on a play by Firesign Theatre alumni Phil Proctor and Peter Bergman .
Young Bill Hickok is a 1940 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers
The Wild and the Willing is a 1962 British romantic drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Virginia Maskell , Paul Rogers , Ian McShane , Samantha Eggar and John Hurt .
Population 436 is a 2006 mystery - horror film starring Jeremy Sisto , Fred Durst , Peter Outerbridge , and Charlotte Sullivan .
Shiva Manasulo Shruti ( abbreviated as SMS ) is a 2012 Telugu romantic comedy film directed by Tatineni Satya and produced by Vikram Raju under Vega Entertainment it stars Sudheer Babu and Regina Cassandra . It is a remake of the successful 2009 Tamil film Siva Manasula Sakthi by M. Rajesh .
Video Days is the first movie / video directed by Spike Jonze and stars Mark Gonzales , Rudy Johnson , Jason Lee , Guy Mariano and Jordan Richter .
Cheyenne Warrior is a 1994 American film written by Michael B. Druxman , directed by Mark Griffiths , and stars Kelly Preston , Dan Haggerty and Pato Hoffmann .
Happiness Ahead is a 1934 film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Dick Powell with Josephine Hutchinson .
Why Men Work is a 1924 short comedy film featuring Charley Chase , directed by Leo McCarey The Los Angeles Times described it as `` the adventures of an amateur news - reel photographer when he attempts to take some pictures of a visiting governor '' .
This World , Then the Fireworks is a 1997 American neo - noir film directed by Michael Oblowitz , starring Billy Zane , Gina Gershon and Sheryl Lee .
Raise Your Voice is a 2004 American teen musical drama film directed by Sean McNamara .
Her Sister 's Secret is a 1946 drama film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Nancy Coleman , Margaret Lindsay , Phillip Reed , and Regis Toomey .
Munimji ( Hindi : मुनीमजी , translation : Clerk ) is a 1955 Bollywood movie starring Dev Anand and Nalini Jaywant , and directed by Subodh Mukherjee .
Braker is a 1985 American TV movie starred by Carl Weathers and Joseph Bottoms in the main roles .
The Underground Comedy Movie is a 1999 film directed by and starring Vince Offer .
Dying Room Only is a 1973 American television horror film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Cloris Leachman and Ned Beatty .
Go , Man , Go ! is a 1954 sports film starring Dane Clark , Sidney Poitier , Ruby Dee , Patricia Breslin and The Harlem Globetrotters .
Cheech & Chong 's The Corsican Brothers ( 1984 ) is the sixth feature - length film starring the comedy duo Cheech and Chong .
Oysters at Nam Kee 's ( Dutch : Oesters van Nam Kee ) is a 2002 Dutch drama film , directed by Pollo de Pimentel , starring Katja Schuurman and Egbert Jan Weeber .
For Your Height Only ( also known as For Y'ur Height Only ) is a 1981 Filipino comedy / action movie starring Weng Weng .
One True Love is a 2008 Philippine romantic film directed by Mac Alejandre , starring Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera , with Iza Calzado .
An Andalusian Gentleman ( Spanish : Un caballero andaluz ) is a 1954 Spanish musical film directed by Luis Lucia and starring Jorge Mistral , Carmen Sevilla and Manuel Luna .
The Kids in the Hall is a Canadian sketch comedy group formed in 1984 , consisting of comedians Dave Foley , Kevin McDonald , Bruce McCulloch , Mark McKinney , and Scott Thompson .
Aag Aandhi Aur Toofan is a 1994 Hindi language movie directed by Kanti Shah and starring Mukesh Khanna , Mukesh Goyal and Sadhana Singh .
Baja Oklahoma was a 1988 HBO Original Film starring Lesley Ann Warren .
Norbit is also belittled by Rasputia 's older brothers , Big Black Jack ( Terry Crews ) , Blue ( Lester ' Rasta ' Speight ) , and Earl ( Clifton Powell ) , working as a bookkeeper at their local construction company .
Thai Maaman ( Tamil : Thai Maaman ) is a 1994 Indian Tamil film starring Sathyaraj , Meena , Goundamani and Manivannan in prominent roles .
The Humming Bird ( also known as Les loups de Montmartre ) is a 1924 American silent crime drama film directed by Sidney Olcott and starring Gloria Swanson .
Some characters , as well as tone , were inspired by Tennessee Williams ' 1955 play , Cat on a Hot Tin Roof , a film adaptation of which - also starring Paul Newman - was released five months after the release of The Long , Hot Summer .
Treasure Inn is a 2011 Hong Kong wuxia comedy film directed by Wong Jing and Corey Yuen , starring Nicholas Tse , Nick Cheung , Charlene Choi , Liu Yang , Tong Dawei and Huang Yi .
Poi Solla Porom ( Tamil : பொய் சொல்ல போறோம் ; English : We Are Going to Lie ) is a Tamil comedy film starring Nedumudi Venu , Karthik Kumar and Piaa Bajpai released in 2008 .
The Funny Side was hosted by Gene Kelly and starred five pairs of actors and actresses who were presented as married couples ( although only one was married in real life ) .
Iyer the Great is a 1990 Malayalam language psychological thriller film directed by Bhadran and starring Mammootty , Geetha , Sukumari and Devan .
Francesco Puricelli / Count Tacchia Vittorio Gassman :
The Saddle King is a 1921 short Western film directed by Edward Laemmle and featuring Hoot Gibson .
The Company She Keeps is a 1951 film drama starring Lizabeth Scott , Jane Greer , and Dennis O'Keefe .
Poongsan ( Hangul : 풍산개 ; hanja : 豊山개 ; RR : Pungsangae ; MR : P'ungsan'gae ; lit . `` Phungsan Dog '' ) is a 2011 South Korean thriller film directed by Juhn Jai - hong , starring Yoon Kye - sang and Kim Gyu - ri .
Curse of the Crimson Altar is a 1968 British horror film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Christopher Lee , Boris Karloff , Barbara Steele and Mark Eden .
A Killing Spring is a Canadian TV thriller screened in 2002 , directed by Stephen Williams and starring Wendy Crewson , Kim Schraner .
I 'm Dangerous Tonight is a 1990 American horror television film , directed by Tobe Hooper and starring Mädchen Amick .
The Amazing Mr. Bickford is a video released by Frank Zappa in 1987 , containing orchestral pieces by Zappa set to the clay animation of Bruce Bickford .
Preah Vesandor is a 1993 musical movie starring Tep Rundaro , Pisith Pilika , Oum Sovanny , Ampor Tevi and other stars of the time .
In around 948 ' Imad al - Dawla named Rukn al - Dawla 's eldest son , Fana Khusrau ( ' Adud al - Dawla ) as his successor .
Andocides was the son of Leogoras , and was born in Athens around 440 BCE .
Hygelac ordered in his boar standard , a suit of armour , and a sword given to him by Hrothgar who had received it from his brother * Heorogar and once promised to Heoroweard and gave it all to Beowulf to use well . ''
In Greek mythology , Laomedon ( /leɪˈɒmɨdɒn/ ; Ancient Greek : Λαομέδων ) was a Trojan king , son of Ilus , nephew of Ganymede and Assaracus , and father of Priam , Astyoche , Lampus , Hicetaon , Clytius , Cilla , Proclia , Aethilla , Medesicaste , Clytodora , and Hesione .
Married to Marly Sarney , his children are Congressman José Sarney Filho , Governor Roseana Sarney , and the businessman Fernando Sarney .
Zhou Yongkang has two sons , Zhou Bin ( 周滨 ) and Zhou Han ( 周涵 ) , with his first wife , Wang Shuhua ( 王淑华 ) , whom he met while working in the oilfields of Liaoning province .
His elder son was the Rev. Frederic Festus Kelly , vicar of Camberwell , Surrey ( 1838 - -1918 ) , whose children ( his grandchildren ) included the painter Sir Gerald Festus Kelly and Rose Edith Kelly , who married Aleister Crowley .
After Shantanu 's death , Chitrangada became the king of Hastinapura .
Odin will be consumed by the wolf , yet Odin 's son Víðarr will avenge him by stabbing the wolf in the heart .
Inna Makarova was married to Sergei Bondarchuk and is the mother of Natalya Bondarchuk .
Cinyras was reported to have fathered a number of children , including Mygdalion ( who led his only real ship to Troy ) , Adonis and Myrrha .
On July 28 , 1998 Xuxa gave birth to Sasha Meneghel Szafir , a daughter she had with the businessman and actor Luciano Szafir .
Dardanus ' children by Batea were Ilus , Erichthonius , Idaea and Zacynthus .
Having secured his family 's control of Cao Wei , Sima Yi died in 251 and was succeeded by his son Sima Shi .
Through his Nestorian Christian wife Sorghaghtani Beki , Tolui fathered Möngke , Kublai , Ariq Böke , and Hulagu , and thus was the progenitor of the Great Khans , of the Emperors of the Yuan Dynasty , and of the Il - Khans .
Carl Johan Trygg ( 1877 - -1954 ) Carl Olof Trygg ( 1910 - -1993 ) Nils Johan Trygg ( 1914 - -1951 ) Lars Trygg Trygg family wood carvings are still sought after today as collectibles .
The third daughter Scylla was responsible for Nisos ' death .
Pervaiz Kaleem is the father of the editor and director Adeel pk , the father and son duo have recently worked together in movies such as Moosa Khan , Pehla Sajda , Shiddat and Bhai Log .
In Greek mythology , Hesperius ( `` evening '' ) was ( according to one account ) the daughter of Hesperus , and the mother of the Hesperides by Atlas .
Richard Ney was the father of Rick Dufay , former guitarist for Aerosmith , and grandfather of actress Minka Kelly .
Miguel Trovoada 's son Patrice Trovoada is also a politician and served as Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe in 2008 .
Wihtgils ( fl . 5th century ) was a semi - legendary Jutish chieftain who , according to the Anglo - Saxon Chronicle , was the father of Hengest and Horsa :
His son Georges Vallerey , Jr. and daughter Gisèle Vallerey also became Olympic swimmers .
In 1748 when Ahmad Shah Abdali attacked and deposed Muhammad Shah , his son Anwer Ali escaped to his grand aunt Princess Jahanara Begum & hid in a place in Arrah , Bihar which was infested with bears which was later named as Bhaluhipur .
Princess Kannikakaew , Krom Khun Kattiyakalaya ( 1855 - -1882 ) Prince Chitchareon , Krom Phraya Narisara Nuvadtivongs ( 1863 - -1947 ) As she was the aunt of Chulalongkorn ( Rama V ) ( Queen Debsirindra 's son ) , Mom Chao Chae was elevated to Phra Ong Chao Phannarai in 1900 .
Prior to the Gulf War , Kuwait ordered 170 M-84ABs , 15 M-84ABI ARVs and 15 M-84ABK command tanks , from Yugoslavia .
Wolfgang Ewald was shot down by Soviet flak in July 1943 during the Battle of Kursk .
Sergent André Robert Lévy was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Joseph Andrew Jackson Lightburn ( September 21 , 1824 -- May 17 , 1901 ) was a farmer , soldier and Baptist Minister , most famous for his service as a Union general during the American Civil War .
Alexander Crawford ( 1842 -- March 17 , 1886 ) was a sailor in the United States Navy who served in the American Civil War .
The Winans Steam Gun was a steam - powered centrifugal gun used during the American Civil War , which used centrifugal forces ( rather than gunpowder ) to propel projectiles .
Karl Buckel ( 12 June 1920 -- 2 September 1997 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Lieutenant - General John Plumptre Carr Glyn KCB ( 11 January 1837 -- 28 March 1912 ) was a British general who saw active service in the Crimean War and the Anglo - Ashanti War .
Enlisted in 1965 , Nguyễn Huy Hiệu fought in various battlefields during Vietnam War , especially the Battle of Quảng Trị where he was appointed commander of battalion at the age of 23 .
Rear Admiral Albert Kautz ( January 29 , 1839 -- February 6 , 1907 ) was an officer of the United States Navy who served during and after the American Civil War .
Charles Cawetzka ( March 1 , 1877 Detroit , Michigan -- October 23 , 1951 ) was a United States Army soldier received the Medal of Honor for actions on August 23 , 1900 during the Philippine-- American War .
Gerhard Krems ( born 4 May 1920 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Daniel Phineas Woodbury ( 1812 -- August 15 , 1864 ) was an American soldier and an engineer during the American Civil War .
Eduard Skrzipek ( 26 June 1917 -- 25 February 1945 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Gerhard Brenner ( 29 August 1918 -- 29 June 1942 ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Arthur Thomas Thrupp ( 8 June 1828 -- 4 May 1889 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the Crimean War and the Second Opium War , who held several sea commands , including Megaera , which he deliberately beached at the isolated Île Saint - Paul when she became unseaworthy .
Charles Saligny de San - Germano , also called Charles , Baron Saligny , was a French military leader in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
Sergeant Richard G. Desautels was a United States Army corporal who was captured on December 1 , 1950 at Sonchu by communist forces and not returned by North Korea at the end of the fighting of the Korean War .
Henry F. W. Little ( June 27 , 1842 -- February 7 , 1907 ) was a Sergeant in the 7th New Hampshire Infantry , Union Army , and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
He was known as Prince Maurice of Battenberg throughout his life , since he died before the British Royal Family relinquished their German titles during World War I and the Battenbergs changed their name to Mountbatten .
Edward Trenchard ( 1785 - -1824 ) was a captain of the United States Navy , who saw service in the Quasi - War with France , the First Barbary War , the War of 1812 , and the Second Barbary War .
Derek Knee ( 22 October 1922 -- 18 March 2014 ) was a British Army intelligence officer during World War II who was the interpreter and translator for Field Marshal Montgomery at the German surrender at Lüneburg Heath in Germany on 3 May 1945 .
In 1250 , only ten years before the battle of Ain Jalut , the same Bahariyya Mamluks ( Qutuz , Baibars and Qalawun ) led Egypt against the Seventh Crusade of King Louis IX of France .
Julius von Verdy du Vernois ( 19 July 1832 -- 30 September 1910 ) , often given the short name of Verdy , was a German general and staff officer , chiefly noted both for his military writings and his service on Graf Moltke 's staff during the Franco - Prussian War .
Rudolf Bacherer ( 19 June 1895 -- 6 July 1964 ) was a highly decorated Oberst of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II who held several regimental commands .
Private Daniel Farren ( born 1848 -- unknown ) was an Irish - born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars .
Johannes Soodla ( 14 January 1897 in Kudina Parish , ( now in Palamuse Parish ) -- 16 May 1965 ) was an Estonian military officer during World War I , Estonian War of Independence and World War II , serving in Kuperjanov 's Partisan Battalion and the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS ( 1st Estonian ) .
The Mauser HSc is a 7.65 mm pistol made in Nazi Germany during World War II and post - war .
Pierre Pouyade ( 25 June 1911- 5 September 1979 ) was a French Air Force general , World War II flying ace , and one of the commanders of the Normandie - Niemen squadron .
Adjutant - Chef Antoine Laplasse was a World War I balloon buster and flying ace credited with eight aerial victories , six of which were against observation balloons .
Oberleutnant Walter Ewers ( 11 May 1892 -- 15 May 1918 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories .
Mato Dukovac ( 23 October 1918 -- September 1990 ) was the leading Croatian fighter ace of World War II , credited with between 40 and 44 confirmed kills .
Between 1912 and 1913 , together with Garegin Nzhdeh , Andranik led a few hundred Armenian volunteers within the Bulgarian army against the Ottomans during the First Balkan War .
Archie Clement ( January 1 , 1846 -- December 13 , 1866 ) , a.k.a . `` Little Arch '' , was a pro - Confederate guerrilla leader in the American Civil War , known for his brutality towards Union soldiers and pro - Union civilians in Missouri .
Christodoulos Hatzipetros ( Greek : Χριστόδουλος Χατζηπέτρος , 1799 - -1869 ) was a Greek military leader during the Greek War of Independence , who became a general and adjutant to King Otto of Greece after Independence .
Georg Hartog Gerson ( 25 August 1788 -- 3 December 1844 ) was a medical doctor and surgeon in the King 's German Legion during the Napoleonic Wars .
General Jacobus Herculaas de la Rey ( 22 October 1847 -- 15 September 1914 ) , known as Koos de la Rey , was a Boer general during the Second Boer War and is widely regarded as being one of the strongest military leaders during that conflict .
Brigadier Duncan Sayre MacInnes CMG DSO ( 21 February 1860 -- 23 May 1918 ) was a Canadian soldier and engineer who served in South Africa before , during and after the Second Boer War .
Johann - Alfred Klaus ( born 4 September 1918 ) was an Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Kappa Velorum ( κ Vel , κ Velorum ) is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Vela .
NGC 4654 is an intermediate spiral galaxy in the constellation of Virgo at a distance of 55 million light years ( 16.8 megaparsecs ) from the Milky Way that can be spotted with amateur telescopes .
WISEPA J031325.96 + 780744.2 ( designation abbreviated to WISE 0313 + 7807 , or WISE J0313 + 7807 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T8.5 , located in constellation Cepheus at approximately 21 light - years from Earth .
50 Cancri ( 50 Cnc , A2 Cancri , A2 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
Zeta Centauri ( ζ Centauri , ζ Cen ) is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
3C 295 is a narrow - line radio galaxy located in the constellation of Boötes .
DDO 169 is an irregular galaxy located in the constellation Canes Venatici .
HIP 70849 is a 10th magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 78 light years away in the constellation Lupus .
Iota Gruis ( ι Gru ) is a star in the constellation Grus .
NGC 1156 is a dwarf irregular galaxy in the Aries constellation of the type ibm .
3C 66B is an elliptical Fanaroff and Riley class 1 radio galaxy located in the constellation Andromeda .
2M1207 , 2M1207A or 2MASS J12073346 - 3932539 is a brown dwarf located in the constellation Centaurus ; a companion object , 2M1207b , may be the first extrasolar planetary - mass companion to be directly imaged , and is the first discovered orbiting a brown dwarf .
HD 92589 is a double or multiple star in the constellation Antlia .
HD 14412 ( 22 G. Fornacis ) is the Henry Draper catalogue designation for an ordinary star in the southern constellation Fornax .
Markarian 421 ( Mrk 421 , Mkn 421 ) is a blazar located in the constellation Ursa Major .
51 Eridani is a star in the constellation Eridanus located at RA 04 h 37 m 36.11 s and declination −02 ° 28′ 24.2 `` with an apparent magnitude of 5.22 , meaning it is just visible to the unaided eye in suburban and rural skies .
HD 225218 is a quadruple star system in the northern constellation of Andromeda .
10 Arietis ( abbreviated 10 Ari ) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
Kelu-1 is a system of two brown dwarfs of spectral types L2 and L4 located in constellation Hydra at approximately 61 light - years from Earth .
Kappa Ursae Majoris ( Kappa UMa , κ Ursae Majoris , κ UMa ) is a binary star in the constellation Ursa Major .
Nu Cancri ( ν Cnc , ν Cancri ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
40 Arietis ( abbreviated 40 Ari ) is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries .
HD 80606 and HD 80607 are two stars comprising a binary star system approximately 190 light - years away in the constellation of Ursa Major .
Gliese 445 ( Gl 445 ) is an M - type main sequence star in the constellation of Camelopardalis , close to Polaris .
Theta Capricorni ( θ Cap , θ Capricorni ) is a star in the constellation Capricornus .
The Diamond Cross is an asterism in the southern constellation Carina .
NGC 7742 is a face - on unbarred spiral galaxy in the constellation Pegasus .
NGC 69 is a Lenticular galaxy in the constellation Andromeda .
Iota Boötis ( ι Boo , ι Boötis ) is a star system in the constellation Boötes .
CU Virginis ( CU Vir ) is a star in the constellation Virgo .
HD 83443 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 134 light - years away in the constellation of Vela .
NGC 7814 ( also known as UGC 8 or Caldwell 43 ) is a spiral galaxy about 40 million light - years away in the constellation Pegasus .
47 Boötis or k Boötis is a binary star in the constellation Boötes .
NGC 71 is an Elliptical galaxy ( or possibly a Lenticular galaxy ) in the constellation Andromeda .
IC 2944 , also known as the Running Chicken Nebula or the Lambda Centauri Nebula , is an open cluster with an associated emission nebula found in the constellation Centaurus , near the star Lambda Centauri .
HD 196050 is a star located in the constellation Pavo at a distance of 153 light years or 47 parsecs or 1.45 exameters away from the Solar System .
81 Ceti ( abbreviated 81 Cet ) is the Flamsteed designation of a G - type giant star approximately 300 light years away in the constellation of Cetus .
HD 156846 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 160 light - years away in the constellation of Ophiuchus , orbiting the star HD 156846 .
Iota Ophiuchi ( ι Oph ) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus .
HD 81101 , also known as k Carinae ( k Car ) , is a star in the constellation Carina .
KELT-2A ( HD 42176A ) is a yellow white dwarf star located about 419 light - years away in the constellation Auriga .
Zeta Caeli ( ζ Cae , ζ Caeli ) is a star in the constellation Caelum .
WISE J035934.06−540154.6 ( designation abbreviated to WISE 0359−5401 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0 , located in constellation Reticulum .
Gliese 667 ( 142 G. Scorpii ) is a triple - star system in the constellation of Scorpius lying at a distance of about 6.8 pc ( 23.6 ly ) from Earth .
OGLE - TR-111 is a yellow dwarf star approximately 5,000 light - years away in the constellation of Carina ( the Keel ) .
The Red Spider Nebula ( also catalogued as NGC 6537 ) is a planetary nebula located near the heart of the Milky Way , in the northwest of the constellation Sagittarius .
HD 135438 is a K - type giant star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
Theta Cephei ( θ Cep , θ Cephei ) is a Class A7 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Cepheus .
The Jaynes Islands are a cluster of small islands located 37 kilometres ( 20 nmi ) west of the southwest end of Canisteo Peninsula , in the Amundsen Sea off Antarctica .
Lientur Rocks is a group of prominent adjacent rocks lying off the north coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and extending 660 m ( 722 yd ) in east - west direction and 320 m ( 350 yd ) in north - south direction .
Footscrew Nunatak ( 77 ° 55′S 160 ° 57′E ) is a nunatak 1,865 metres ( 6,120 ft ) high to the southwest of Windy Gully , standing 1.4 nautical miles ( 2.6 km ) southeast of Altar Mountain in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Edwards Point is a rocky point in the south extremity of Kermen Peninsula and Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Goldstream Peak ( 86 ° 41′S 148 ° 30′W ) is a peak rising to about 2,800 metres ( 9,200 ft ) at the junction of ridges from Mount Gjertsen , Mount Grier , and Johansen Peak , in the La Gorce Mountains of Antarctica .
Millington Glacier is a narrow tributary glacier , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) long , flowing from the eastern slopes of the Hughes Range , Antarctica , into Ramsey Glacier , northward of Mount Valinski .
Jetsam Moraine ( 76 ° 50′S 161 ° 36′E ) is a thin , sinuous medial moraine that arcs smoothly for 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) from a point near Mount Razorback to beyond the far ( northeastern ) side of Black Pudding Peak , in the Prince Albert Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mountainview Ridge ( 78 ° 55′S 83 ° 42′W ) is a gentle ice - covered ridge which forms the southeast extremity of Petvar Heights and the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Avitohol Point ( Nos Avitohol \'nos a - vi - to-'hol\ ) is a point on the north coast of Livingston Island , Antarctica projecting 1.15 km into Hero Bay to form the west side of the entrance to Skravena Cove and the southeast side of the entrance to Prisoe Cove .
New Swabia ( Norwegian and German : Neuschwabenland ) is a cartographic name sometimes given to an area of Antarctica between 20 ° E and 10 ° W in Queen Maud Land , which is administered as a Norwegian dependent territory under the Antarctic Treaty System .
Mount Hancox ( 72 ° 38′S 166 ° 59′E ) is a prominent mountain , 3,245 metres ( 10,650 ft ) high , about 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) southeast of Mount Burton , rising above the north margin of Malta Plateau in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Poinsett ( 65 ° 46′S 113 ° 13′E ) is an ice - covered cape in Antarctica , the northern extremity of Budd Coast , from which the coast recedes abruptly to the southeast and southwest .
Rozier Glacier ( 64 ° 45′S 62 ° 13′W ) is a glacier flowing between Pishtachev Peak and Balis Ridge into Wilhelmina Bay north of Sophie Cliff , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Fry Peak ( 71 ° 3′S 63 ° 40′W ) is a sharp - pointed peak which is the southernmost peak in the Welch Mountains , in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Paril Saddle ( Parilska Sedlovina \pa-'ril - ska se - dlo - vi-'na\ ) is a saddle of elevation 1390 m in Friesland Ridge in Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Clarsach Glacier ( 69 ° 57′S 70 ° 17′W ) is a glacier flowing south between Prague Spur and the Finlandia Foothills in northern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Marwick ( 71 ° 2′S 162 ° 48′E ) is a high peak in the Explorers Range of the Bowers Mountains , Antarctica .
Garwood Glacier ( 78 ° 1′S 163 ° 57′E ) is a glacier occupying the northwest part of Garwood Valley , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Betty is a small ridge overlooking the Ross Ice Shelf , on the north side of Bigend Saddle , at the north - eastern extremity of the Herbert Range in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
The Herschel Heights ( 71 ° 53′S 69 ° 38′W ) are a complex of nunataks of which Mimas Peak on the east is the highest , located southwest of the Enceladus Nunataks and near the head of Saturn Glacier in southeastern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Cape Howard ( 71 ° 25′S 61 ° 8′W ) is a high , flat - topped , snow - covered cape at the extremity of the peninsula separating Lamplugh Inlet and Odom Inlet , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Troll Airfield is an airstrip located 6.8 kilometres ( 4.2 mi ) from the research station Troll in Princess Martha Coast in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Eliza Rocks is a chain of rocks lying between Desolation Island and Zed Islands off the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and extending 1 km in west - northwest direction .
Haas Glacier ( 85 ° 45′S 164 ° 55′W ) is a steep tributary glacier draining northward from Rawson Plateau to enter the south side of Bowman Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Isingufsa Bluff ( 72 ° 21′S 1 ° 13′E ) is a rock bluff forming the northeast corner of Isingen Mountain in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Klevekampen Mountain ( 71 ° 58′S 7 ° 41′E ) is a large , mainly ice - free mountain 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of Kubus Mountain in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition ( JARE ) was an ecological expedition studying the ecosystems near Showa Station in Antarctica .
Moutonnée Lake is a sub - glacial lake that lies within Moutonnee Valley , marginal to the George VI Ice Shelf , 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) south of Ablation Point indenting the east coast of Alexander Island , facing the west coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Mount Osborne ( 78 ° 37′S 84 ° 47′W ) is a mountain ( 2,600 m ) standing 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) east of Mount Craddock , at the end of a side ridge running from the latter and featuring Sanchez Peak and Stolnik Peak , in the Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Heidemann Glacier is a glacier , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , originating close northwest of Mount Damm in the Queen Elizabeth Range of Antarctica and flowing east into Lowery Glacier .
Mount Crean is one of the westernmost peaks in the dry valley region of South Victoria Land in Antarctica .
Hyde Glacier ( 79 ° 48′S 83 ° 42′W ) is a short glacier flowing east through the Edson Hills to join Union Glacier , in the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
Taylor Rookery is an emperor penguin breeding colony on the Mawson Coast of Mac . Robertson Land in East Antarctica .
Keltie Head ( 63 ° 47′S 57 ° 41′W ) is a rounded headland with vertical cliffs which rise to a small ice dome 395 metres ( 1,300 ft ) high , forming the northwestern end of Vega Island , south of Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
Gregory Point is a rocky point on the northwest coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica projecting 700 m into Drake Passage .
Lepitsa Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Лепица , `` Vrah Lepitsa '' \'vr&h le-'pi - tsa\ ) is the ice - covered peak rising to 1110 m in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Croatia ( i / kroʊˈeɪʃə/ kroh - AY - shə ; Croatian : Hrvatska ( xř̩ʋaːtskaː ) ) , officially the Republic of Croatia ( Croatian : Republika Hrvatska , listen ) , is a sovereign state at the crossroads of Central Europe , Southeast Europe , and the Mediterranean .
Mills Peak ( 74 ° 14′S 163 ° 54′E ) is a sharp peak in the Deep Freeze Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Pearl Rocks are a group of rocks covering an area 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) by 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) close off the west coast of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
The Teniente R. Marsh Airport is the northernmost airport in the continent of Antarctica .
Half Century Nunatak ( 85 ° 22′S 178 ° 50′W ) is a prominent nunatak , displaying a high east - facing rock escarpment , located 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) north of Dismal Buttress at the west side of upper Shackleton Glacier , Antarctica .
Nuñez Point ( 65 ° 33′S 64 ° 15′W ) is a point forming the west extremity of Takaki Promontory on Barison Peninsula on Graham Coast , Graham Land , in Antarctica .
Kip Peak ( 84 ° 31′S 164 ° 28′E ) is a summit rising to over 3,000 metres ( 10,000 ft ) , located 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) northeast of Tempest Peak on a northeast trending ridge , in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica .
Maigo Peak ( 68 ° 8′S 42 ° 42′E ) is a rocky hill situated 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) east - southeast of Cape Hinode and just west of the Bōhyō Heights on the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Mount McCoy ( 75 ° 52′S 141 ° 10′W ) is a high table - topped massif with dark , snow - free , vertical walls , at the east side of Land Glacier in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Sierra Island ( 62 ° 24′S 59 ° 48′W ) is a narrow island which is marked by a series of small elevations throughout its length , lying 0.5 miles ( 0.8 km ) northwest of Dee Island and north of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mackin Table is an ice - topped , wedge - shaped plateau , about 20 nautical miles ( 37 km ) long , standing just north of Patuxent Ice Stream in the Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Rojas Peak ( 64 ° 49′S 62 ° 55′W ) is a peak in Antarctica rising to about 675 m in the center of Lemaire Island , Danco Coast , Graham Land .
Hatch Plain ( 80 ° 44′S 25 ° 36′W ) is a small debris - covered area at about 1,350 metres ( 4,430 ft ) , on the eastern margin of the Du Toit Nunataks , in the Read Mountains of the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Mount Hulshagen ( 72 ° 31′S 31 ° 16′E ) is a mountain , 2,100 metres ( 6,900 ft ) high , standing 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) northwest of Mount Bastin on the north side of the Belgica Mountains , Antarctica .
Currituck Island ( 66 ° 5′S 100 ° 40′E ) is an island in Antarctica 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long marked by numerous small coves , lying on the northwest side of Edisto Channel in the Highjump Archipelago .
Greene Point is an ice - covered point 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8.1 mi ) northeast of Andrus Point in Lady Newnes Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Bonnier Point ( 64 ° 28′S 63 ° 57′W ) is a headland forming the west extremity of Obitel Peninsula and marking the north side of the entrance to Hamburg Bay , on the northwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Knobhead ( 77 ° 55′S 161 ° 34′E ) is a massive ice - free mountain , 2,400 metres ( 7,900 ft ) high , standing south of the western end of the Kukri Hills and overlooking Ferrar Glacier and Taylor Glacier at their point of apposition , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Wulfila Glacier ( Lednik Wulfila \'led - nik vul-'fi - la\ ) is located on the southern slopes of Breznik Heights , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , south - southwest of Solis Glacier and west of Zheravna Glacier .
Kubusdalen ( 71 ° 58′S 7 ° 14′E ) is an ice - filled valley between Trollslottet Mountain and Kubus Mountain in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Marr Bluff ( 69 ° 47′S 69 ° 20′W ) is an exposed , rocky bluff , 1,065 metres ( 3,500 ft ) high , immediately north of Wager Glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Willan Saddle ( Sedlovina Willan \se - dlo - vi-'na ' wi - l&n\ ) is a flat , crescent - shaped and ice - covered saddle extending 1 km in the northeast - southwest direction between Burdick South Peak and Willan Nunatak in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Robertson Islands or Robertsons Islands are a group of islands extending 6 km southward of the south - eastern extremity of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Livingston Island ( historical Russian name Smolensk , 62 ° 36′S 60 ° 30′W ) is an Antarctic island in the South Shetland Islands , Western Antarctica lying between Greenwich Island and Snow Islands .
Mathieu Rock ( 66 ° 20′S 136 ° 49′E ) is an ice - free rock , midway between Cape Bickerton and Rock X , at the east side of the entrance to Victor Bay , Antarctica .
The Balaena Islands are a small group of rocky islands lying close to the coast of Antarctica , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) northeast of Cape Folger .
Cape Morse ( 66 ° 15′S 130 ° 10′E ) is a low , ice - covered cape which marks the east side of the entrance to Porpoise Bay and forms the division between Banzare Coast and Clarie Coast in Wilkes Land , Antarctica .
Elsner Ridge ( 71 ° 47′S 167 ° 21′E ) is a narrow , southwest - trending ridge , or spur , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , located 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northeast of the south end of the Homerun Range in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Reuning Glacier ( 71 ° 26′S 72 ° 41′W ) is a glacier situated on the north side of Beethoven Peninsula , lying within the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Rosenwald ( 85 ° 4′S 179 ° 6′W ) is a mountain ( 3,450 m ) which forms a distinctive landmark between the heads of Gallup and Baldwin Glaciers in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Johns Knoll ( 71 ° 59′S 7 ° 59′E ) is a crevassed ice knoll ( apparently the ice surface reflection of the underlying rock ) in the lower part of Vinje Glacier in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Glopeflya Plain ( 72 ° 7′S 10 ° 25′E ) is a narrow , ice - covered plain between the eastern part of the Orvin Mountains and the interior ice plateau which rises close southward , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Nødtvedt Nunataks ( 86 ° 32′S 162 ° 18′W ) is an isolated nunataks standing in mid - stream of the Amundsen Glacier , rising 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east - northeast of Mount Bjaaland , Antarctica .
Perkuć ( ˈpɛrkut͡ɕ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Alexandria on the Indus ( modern name : Uch , Pakistan ) was a city founded by Alexander the Great at the junction of the Indus and the Acesines river .
Joske 's Thumb is a precipitous volcanic plug that rises in the skyline to the west of Suva , Fiji .
Wyaldra Shire was a former local government area in New South Wales , Australia .
Hill Fort Palace was built in 1915 by Sir Nizamat Jung , who served as chief justice in the government of Nizam , India .
Gügəvar ( also , Gyugyavar ) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Uppland Runic Inscription 613 , also known as the Torsätra runestone , is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone originally located in Torsätra , which is approximately 8 kilometers northeast of Bro , Stockholm County , Sweden , which is in the historic province of Uppland .
The Bicêtre Hospital is located in Le Kremlin - Bicêtre , which is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris , France .
Canal Flats Provincial Park was a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at Canal Flats at the divide between Columbia Lake and the Kootenay River in the province 's East Kootenay region .
New Serchhip is the northern extension of Serchhip Town in Mizoram State of India .
Martin Collegiate , also known as Martin Collegiate Institute or MCI , is a high school located in the Rosemont / Mount Royal neighbourhood in the north end of Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Harasztifalu ( Croatian : Hrastovica , German : Harastin ) is a village in Vas county , Hungary .
Smolina ( smɔˈlina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Hospital Daher ( Daher Hospital ) is one of the most important and respected hospitals in Brasília and Central - West Region , Brazil , located in the Lago Sul ( South Lake ) a suburb of Brasília , the capital of Brazil .
Košariská ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈkoʃariskaː ) ; Hungarian : Kosaras ) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Aviemore became one of the first skiing resorts to be established in Scotland with the opening of the chairlift in 1961 and is also notable for being near the freely grazing reindeer herd at Glen More , the only one in the United Kingdom .
Coffee World is a premium specialty coffeehouse that provides a wide range of hot and iced coffee as well as ice - blended beverages , waffles , wraps and signature deserts in hundreds of outlets scattered across India , Bangladesh , Thailand , Indonesia , China , and Sudan .
Tampines Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Singapore .
Waterlooplein is a square in the centre of Amsterdam in the Netherlands , near the Amstel river .
Kaka Point is a small settlement at the northern edge of The Catlins , an area of the southern South Island of New Zealand .
Sri Aman is a market town and port , and the capital of Sri Aman District and Sri Aman Division in Sarawak , east Malaysia .
Augustów County ( Polish : powiat augustowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Podlaskie Voivodeship , north - eastern Poland , on the border with Belarus .
Gil Zur ( Persian : گيل زور‎ , also Romanized as Gīl Zūr ; also known as Gol Zūr and Golzūr ) is a village in Basharyat - e Gharbi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Mont Idoukal - n - Taghès ( also Mont Bagzane , Mont Bagzan ) is the highest mountain in Niger .
Bellambi railway station is located on the South Coast railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Mong Hsat is a town in the Shan State of Myanmar , served by Monghsat Airport .
Pechora Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Печора ) ( IATA : PEX , ICAO : UUYP ) is an airport in Komi , Russia , located 5 km southwest of Pechora .
Abanoeti ( Georgian : აბანოეთი ) , formerly also known as Mikartsminda ( მიქარწმინდა ) , is a village in northern Georgia .
L'Etang is a village in the Loiret department in central France .
Talkalakh District ( Arabic : منطقة تلكلخ , translit . : manṭiqat Talkalaḫ ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria .
Salamajärvi National Park ( Finnish : Salamajärven kansallispuisto ) is a national park in the Central Ostrobothnia and Central Finland regions of Finland , in the municipalities of Perho , Kivijärvi and Kinnula .
Labuan War Cemetery ( Malay : Tanah Perkuburan Perang Labuan ) is a Commonwealth World War II graveyard in Labuan , Malaysia .
Tobías Bolaños International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Tobías Bolaños ) ( IATA : SYQ , ICAO : MRPV ) is one of the four international airports in Costa Rica and the secondary airport serving the city capital of San José after Juan Santamaría International Airport .
Ludza Castle ( Latvian : Ludzas pils ) was a medieval castle built in Gothic style located next to a Catholic church , on the site of a former Latgalian wooden castle in the centre Ludza , Latvia , a small town in eastern Latgale .
Wattipally is a remote village in Telkapalle mandal , Nagar Kurnool Revenue division of Mahbubnagar district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Heuwiese is an uninhabited German Baltic Sea island that lies about two kilometres south of Ummanz and west of Germany 's largest island , Rügen .
Yusef - e Eslam ( Persian : يوسف اسلام‎ , also Romanized as Yūsef - e Eslām ; also known as Yūsef Salām and Yūsof Salām ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Amuwo - Odofin is a local government area in the Badagry Division , Lagos State , Nigeria .
Burrough Court is a former stately home in Burrough on the Hill near Melton Mowbray in the East Midlands , United Kingdom .
Zdroisko ( ˈzdrɔi̯skɔ ) ( formerly German Zanzthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Huechuraba ( Spanish pronunciation : ( wetʃuˈɾaβa ) ) is a city and commune of Chile located in Santiago Province , Santiago Metropolitan Region .
Nelang is a small hilly village in Uttarkashi District , Uttarakhand , India , and claimed by Zanda County , Ngari Prefecture , Tibet , China .
Laciana , Tsaciana in Leonese language , is a comarca in the province of León , Spain .
The Tou Mu Kung Temple ( Chinese : 斗母宫 ) is a Taoist temple situated on Upper Serangoon Road , Singapore .
Mislinjska Dobrava ( pronounced ( miˈsliːnska ˈdoːbɾaʋa ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Nojpetén ( also known as Tayasal ) was the capital city of the Itza Maya kingdom , located on an island in Lake Petén Itzá in the modern department of Petén in northern Guatemala .
Drigh Road railway station ( Urdu : ڈرگ روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is the fourth important railway station of Karachi , Pakistan .
Mieszewo ( mjɛˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Meesow ) is a German / Polish village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Taupo Swamp is an approximately 25-hectare ( 61.7 acres ) lowland freshwater swamp , classified as a topogeneous mire , located three kilometres ( 1.8 miles ) north of Plimmerton and 20 kilometres north - northeast of Wellington City , New Zealand .
Barayen ( Persian : براين‎ , also Romanized as Barāyen ; also known as Barīn ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Lernadzor ( Armenian : Լեռնաձոր , also Romanized as Lerrnadzor ; formerly , Kyurdikend ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Levoberezhny District , Moscow is an administrative district ( raion ) of Northern Administrative Okrug , and one of the 125 raions of Moscow , Russia .
Tomb KV36 , located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt , was used for the burial of the noble Maiherpri from the Eighteenth Dynasty .
Cherikabad ( Persian : چريك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Cherīkābād ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Powiadacze ( pɔvjaˈdat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The National Evangelical Christian Fellowship ( NECF ) is an ecumenical body in Malaysia comprising evangelical Protestant denominations and churches .
Siah Yinkan ( Persian : سياهينكان‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Yīnkān ) is a village in Ashar Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Olavsfestdagene is one out of four junction festivals ( knutepunktfestivaler ) with national status in Norway , and has the task of ensuring the church fete celebration in Nidarosdomen and the worship of Olav .
Amerongen ( 52 ° 0′N 5 ° 28′E ) is a village in the central Netherlands ( Utrecht province ) on the border of the Utrecht Hill Ridge .
Budhanilkantha Temple , located in Budhanilkantha , Nepal , ( Nepali : बुढानीलकंठ मन्दिर ) ( literal : `` Old Blue Throat '' ) is a Hindu open air temple dedicated to Lord Vishnu .
Żebrak ( ˈʐɛbrak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ufa Maximovka Airport ( ICAO : UWUM ) is an airport in Bashkortostan , Russia located in the northeast part of Ufa .
Al Khums Governorate or Homs Governorate ( Arabic : الخمس محافظة‎ ) was one of the governorates ( muhafazah ) of Libya from 1963 to 1983 .
Gornji Zemon ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnji ˈzeːmɔn ) ; Italian : Zemon di Sopra ) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Rožengrunt ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːʒənɡɾunt ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia .
Isola Comacina is a small wooded island of Italy 's Lake Como , administratively a part of the commune of Ossuccio .
Morogoro Rural District ( Swahili : Wilaya ya Morogoro Vijijini ) is one of the six districts of the Morogoro Region of Tanzania .
Sde Boker ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה בּוֹקֵר , lit . Herding Field ) is a kibbutz in the Negev desert of southern Israel .
Kabilar Kundru or Kabilar rock is a hill rock in the middle of the Ponnaiyar River near Tirukoilur in Viluppuram district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Phu Bai International Airport ( IATA : HUI , ICAO : VVPB ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Quốc tế Phú Bài ) is located just south of the central city of Huế , former capital of Vietnam .
The Yaeda Valley is a swampy valley in Tanzania along Lake Eyasi .
The Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Bridge or Jambatan Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah is a main bridge in Kuala Selangor , Selangor , Malaysia crossing Selangor River .
Ajou Motor College , formerly Daecheon College , is a private technical college in Boryeong , near the seacoast of South Chungcheong province , South Korea .
Stari Grad v Podbočju ( pronounced ( ˈstaːɾi ˈɡɾaːt ʍ pɔdˈboːtʃju ) ) is a settlement south of Podbočje in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Chacabuco is one of the many abandoned nitrate or `` saltpeter '' towns ( `` oficinas salitreras '' in Spanish ) in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile .
Piszczac ( ˈpʲiʂt͡ʂat͡s ) is a village in Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Hôtel de Sens ( French pronunciation : ​(otɛl də sɑ̃s ) ) is a city palace in the Marais , in the 4th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Lhasa is a city and administrative capital of the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
San Torpete is a church in central Genoa , northern Italy , dedicated to Saint Torpes .
The 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A ( officially the Brasileirão Petrobras 2011 for sponsorship reasons ) was the 55th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , the top - level of professional football in Brazil .
Brickfield Hill is a small hill in inner city Sydney , Australia .
Morávka Dam ( Czech : Vodní nádrž Morávka ) is a water reservoir and dam near Morávka , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Chupan Mahalleh ( Persian : چوپان محله‎ , also Romanized as Chūpān Maḩalleh ) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wudi County ( simplified Chinese : 无棣县 ; traditional Chinese : 無棣縣 ; pinyin : Wúdì Xiàn ) is a county of northwestern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Colonel Brown Cambridge School is an English medium residential school located in Dehradun , India .
Mikuszowice ( German : Nikelsdorf ) is an informal dzielnica ( district ) of Bielsko - Biała , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
Bostanite is a former village in the municipality of Chuprene , in Vidin Province , in northwestern Bulgaria .
Prastos ( Greek : Πραστός ) is a settlement in Arcadia , Greece .
Auleja parish ( Latvian : Aulejas pagasts , Latgalian : Aulejis pogosts ) is an administrative unit of the Krāslava Municipality , Latvia .
Baie - D'Urfé ( Population 3,850 ) is a town in the Montreal region of Quebec , Canada .
Zanjan Province ( Persian : استان زنجان‎‎ ; also Romanized as Ostān - e Zanjān ; Azerbaijani : زنگان اوستانی Zəngan ostanı‎ ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
The Maitland Mercury is Australia 's third oldest regional newspaper , preceded only by the Geelong Advertiser ( estab . 1840 ) and the Launceston Examiner ( estab . 1842 ) .
Alexandra Battery is an coastal artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Lower Hesse a historic designation for an area in northern Hesse , Germany .
Southern Leyte State University ( SLSU ) is a premier public university in the Philippines .
Montmédy ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃.me.di ) ) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Sanzhi District ( Chinese : 三芝區 ; pinyin : Sānzhī Qū ) is a rural district in the northern part of New Taipei City in northern Taiwan .
The speaker was hugely successful in Sweden at the time , and Teenage Engineering 's recreation of the OD-11 was also well received for its minimalist design -- faithful to the original -- and expansive sound .
Naivelt ( Yiddish : נייוועלט‎ , `` New World '' ) was a Yiddish - language literary monthly magazine published in Argentina 1927 - -1930 .
Chegdomyn ( Russian : Чегдомын ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Verkhnebureinsky District of Khabarovsk Krai , Russia .
Zappanale is an annual music festival held outside Bad Doberan , a German town previously part of East Germany .
El Gadud ( Somali : Ceel Gaduud ) , or Lo Gadud , is a town in the southern Bay region of Somalia .
The John Howard Society of Canada was formed in February 1962 when all provinces ( excluding Quebec ) approved a constitution .
Dziembówko ( d͡ʑemˈbufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lord Beaverbrook High School ( LBHS ) is a public high school in Calgary , Alberta , Canada operated by the Calgary Board of Education .
Kalajoki Airfield ( ICAO : EFKO ) is an airfield in Kalajoki , Finland , about 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ; 3 mi ) west - southwest of Kalajoki town centre .
Hoseynabad - e Nezam ( Persian : حسين ابادنظام‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Neẓām ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Malekabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Marala , also known as Murala , is town in Gujrat District of Punjab province , Pakistan .
Arkhud ( Persian : ارخود‎ , also Romanized as Arkhūd ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kavarna ( Bulgarian : Каварна , Romanian : Cavarna ) is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Dobruja region of northeastern Bulgaria .
Kozarje ( pronounced ( kɔˈzaːɾjɛ ) ; in older sources also Kozarji ) is a formerly independent settlement in the western part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Zduńska Wola ( ˈzduɲska ˈvɔla ) is a town in central Poland with 44,108 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .
Wat Ananda Metyarama Thai Buddhist Temple is a Theravada Buddhist monastery and temple in Singapore .
The Kushiro Ice Arena ( 釧路アイスアリーナ ) is an arena in the city of Kushiro , Hokkaidō , Japan .
Le Canadien ( French pronunciation : ​(lə kanadjɛ̃ ) ) was a French language newspaper published in Lower Canada from November 22 , 1806 to March 14 , 1810 .
Livradois - Forez Regional Natural Park ( French : Parc naturel régional Livradois - Forez ) is a protected area of woodlands and traditional farmland in the Auvergne and Rhône - Alpes regions of central France .
Chorążka ( xɔˈrɔ̃ʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Oingo is one of two small lakes ( the other being Lake Runanga ) located northwest to the city of Hastings in the Hawke 's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
Fu Jen Catholic University ( FJU or simply Fu Jen ; Chinese : 輔仁大學 ) , formerly The Catholic University of Peking , is a private , co - educational university founded by the Holy See , located in New Taipei City , Taiwan .
Maragua District was a former district of Kenya , located in the defunct Central Province .
Kertezi ( Greek : Κέρτεζη ) is a mountain village in the municipality of Kalavryta , Achaea , Greece .
Hollands Diep ( pre-1947 spelling : Hollandsch Diep ) is a wide river in the Netherlands and an estuary of the Rhine and Meuse river .
Let Veneto Decide ( Italian : Il Veneto Decida ) is a cross - party committee campaigning for a referendum on the independence of Veneto from Italy .
Calaceite ( Spanish : ( kalaˈθeite ) ) or Calaceit ( Catalan : ( kəɫəˈsɛjt ) , locally : ( kalaˈsejt ) ) is a municipality located in the Matarraña / Matarranya comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Láng Temple ( Vietnamese : Chùa Láng , Chinese : 昭禪寺 ) is a Buddhist temple in Láng village , Đống Đa District , Hanoi , Vietnam .
Bisamberg is a municipality in the district of Korneuburg in Austria .
Seh Asiab ( Persian : سه اسياب‎‎ , also Romanized as Seh Āsīāb ; also known as Seh Āsīābeh ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Over the course of the season , AFC Wimbledon set a new record for the longest run of unbeaten league games at any level of senior football in the United Kingdom .
Château des Riffets is a mansion in the village Bretteville - sur - Laize , Calvados department , Normandy , northwestern France .
Bergen landdistrikt ( English : Bergen rural district ) is a former municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Ab Lashkar - e Vosta ( Persian : اب لشكروسطي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Lashkar - e Vosţá ; also known as Āb Lashgar - e Vosţá ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Outlook Peak is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada , located on the southwestern edge of the Muller Icecap .
The Rauher Jakob ( literally `` Rough James '' ) is a hilltop between Tanne and Elend in the Harz mountains of central Germany .
Danzik ( also , Ashaga - Danzik , Yukhari - Danzik , and Yukhary Danzik ) is a former village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan .
Rigestan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ريگستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Tetsuya 's is a restaurant in Sydney , Australia , owned and operated by world renowned chef Tetsuya Wakuda .
Campbellton railway station is located on Roseberry Street near the end of Shannon Street in the city of Campbellton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Saugeen Shores is a town in Bruce County , Ontario , Canada , formed in the 1990s , as municipal restructuring merged the towns of Southampton , Port Elgin , and the township of Saugeen .
Carpentras ( Provençal Occitan : Carpentràs in classical norm or Carpentras in Mistralian norm ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Cristuru Secuiesc ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌkristuru sekuˈjesk ) ; Hungarian : Székelykeresztúr , pronounced ( ˈseːkɛjkɛrɛstuːr ) ) is a town in Harghita County , Romania .
Rudnik , Burgas Province is a village in Burgas Municipality , in Burgas Province , in southeastern Bulgaria .
Lac de Lamoura is a lake at Lamoura in the Jura department of France .
The Chinese Culture University ( CCU ; Chinese : 中國文化大學 ) is a private Taiwanese university located in Yangmingshan in Shilin District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Straldzha ( Bulgarian : Стралджа ) is a small town in Yambol Province , Southeastern Bulgaria .
Fasa Industrial Workshops ( Persian : ك ارگاههاي صنعتي فسا‎ -- Kārgāh Hāy Şan``atī - ye Fasā ) is a village and company town in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 22 , in 16 families .
Aldea San Antonio is a village in the department of Gualeguaychu , in Entre Ríos Province , Argentina .
The Acangapiranga River is a river in the Rondônia State in western Brazil .
Port Loring Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNQ7 ) , is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) southwest of Port Loring , Ontario , Canada .
The Château des Vallées is a château from the 19th century in Tournon - Saint - Pierre , Indre - et - Loire , France .
The Tabaconas Namballe National Sanctuary ( National Sanctum Tabaconas - Namballe ) is a national sanctuary in Peru known for its misty forests .
Britannia United Church is a United Church of Canada congregation in Ottawa , Canada .
At the 2011 India census , Sonamarg had a population of 392 , excluding tourists and those working in the tourism industry .
Garlino ( ɡarˈlinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rolvsøy is an island and a former municipality in Østfold county , Norway .
Chomutov District ( Okres Chomutov in Czech ) is one of seven districts ( okres ) located within the Ústí nad Labem Region ( Ústecký kraj ) in the Czech Republic .
Sri Subamanya Ghati is in Doddaballapura Taluk in Bangalore Rural District of Karnataka State , India .
Anianou ( also spelled Agnianou ) is a town in east - central Ivory Coast .
Dolni Chiflik ( Bulgarian : Долни чифлик , meaning `` lower farm '' , Turkish : Aşağı Çiftlik ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Varna Province , located near the Kamchiya River about 14 km away from the Black Sea coast .
The Bystroye Canal is a Ukrainian deep - water canal in the Danube Delta near the Romania - Ukraine border through Kiliya and Old Istambul ( Swift ) distributaries .
Nordhavn station is an S - train station served by the A , H , B , C , and E services in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Leulumoega Tuai is a village situated on the northwest coast Upolu island in Samoa .
Hattidubba is a Bayarban village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal .
Little Angels ' English Higher Secondary School , locally known as Central syllabus school , is a private School located in Karur , Tamil Nadu , India .
Agkistro or alternatively Agistro ( Greek : Άγκιστρο , pronounced ( ˈaɟistɾo ) ) , is a village in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Halltorp is one of the earliest manor houses on the island of Öland , Sweden , dating from the 11th century AD .
Siguatepeque is a growing city in the Central Mountains of Honduras , Central America at 1100 meters above sea level and surrounded by mountains .
Ynakhsyt ( Russian : Ынахсыт ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Kangalassky Rural Okrug of Nyurbinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 62 kilometers ( 39 mi ) from Nyurba , the administrative center of the district .
Fjordgård Chapel ( Norwegian : Fjordgård kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county , Norway .
Koziki - Jałbrzyków Stok ( kɔˈʑiki jau̯ˈbʐɨkuf ˈstɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Old Quebec Funicular ( French : Funiculaire du Vieux - Québec ) is a funicular railway in the Old Quebec neighbourhood of the city of Quebec in Canada .
Zawadzkie ( zaˈvat͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Zawadzki , 1936 - -1945 Andreashütte ) is a town in Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , Poland , with 8,469 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Blanc - Sablon Bay is a natural bay in municipality of Blanc - Sablon , in Le Golfe - du - Saint - Laurent Regional County Municipality , on the Côte - Nord ( North - Shore ) coast of Gulf of Saint Lawrence , in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Nea Roda is a village located 115 km southeast of Thessaloniki , on the narrowest point of the Athos peninsula in the municipality of Stagira - Akanthos , Chalkidiki , Greece .
Chinnaiahgaripalli ( CG Palli or Chinnai ) is a small village in Mydukur Mandal , Kadapa District , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Metropol Parasol is a wooden structure located at La Encarnación square , in the old quarter of Seville , Spain .
The Lombard Building is a Victorian era , building built between 1889 and 1890 , within the Melbourne CBD in Victoria , Australia .
The Swedish Cycling Federation or SCF ( in Swedish : Svenska Cykelförbundet ) was established in 1900 , and is the national governing body of cycle racing in Sweden .
Log pri Mlinšah ( pronounced ( ˈloːk pri ˈmliːnʃax ) ) is a settlement southwest of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Valsassina is a valley in the Alps of Lombardy , northern Italy , within the province of Lecco .
Skjerstad ( şjæŗ`şţa ) is a village and a former municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
Tučepi ( pronounced ( tǔtʃɛpi ) ) is a small town and municipality in the Split - Dalmatia County of Croatia .
Armutlu Peninsula ( Turkish : Armutlu Yarımadası ) is a peninsula extending westward into Marmara Sea in the Anatolian section of Turkey .
Vesturbyggð is a municipality located in the Westfjords in Iceland .
The Pasión River ( Spanish : Río de la Pasión , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈri.o ðe la paˈsjon ) ) is a river located in the northern lowlands region of Guatemala .
Kootenay National Park is located in southeastern British Columbia Canada , covering 1,406 km2 ( 543 sq mi ) in the Canadian Rockies , and forms part of a World Heritage Site .
Nowsud ( Persian : نوسود‎ , also Romanized as Nowsūd and Nawsūd ) is a city in Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Riadh is a town in Tunisia , near the capital city of Tunis .
The Yanggakdo International Hotel is the largest working hotel and the second tallest building in North Korea , after the Ryugyong Hotel .
The Seventh Fort or VII Fort is a defensive fortification built in Žaliakalnis district of Kaunas , Lithuania , during implementation of the first phase of the construction of the Kaunas Fortress .
Garies is a small agricultural centre situated in South Africa 's Northern Cape province about 110 km south of Springbok , the chief town of the Namaqualand district .
Kringa ( Italian : Corridico ) is a village near Tinjan , Istria , Croatia .
Uitgeest railway station is located in Uitgeest , the Netherlands .
Sierpc ( ɕerpt͡s ) is a town in Poland , in the north - west part of the Masovian Voivodeship , about 125 km northwest of Warsaw .
The Arc de Triomphe honours those who fought and died for France in the French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars , with the names of all French victories and generals inscribed on its inner and outer surfaces .
Sira Fortress is a military site in Aden , Yemen .
The Institution of Herstedvester is a closed prison in Herstedvester , Denmark , for treatment under the Danish Prison and Probation Service .
Darreh Bangaru ( Persian : دره بنگرو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Bangarū ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Klaniny ( klaˈninɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ezekiel 's Tomb , located in Al Kifl , Iraq , is believed by Jews and Christians to be the tomb of the biblical prophet Ezekiel .
The Otira River is located in the central South Island of New Zealand .
Makat District ( Kazakh : Мақат ауданы ) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan .
Bến Củi is a commune of Dương Minh Châu District , Tây Ninh Province , Vietnam .
Tak Bolagh - e Arshaq ( Persian : تك بلاغ ارشق‎ , also Romanized as Tak Bolāgh - e Ārshaq ; also known as Tak Bolāgh ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Diapaga is a city in and the capital of Tapoa Province in Burkina Faso .
Dunderlandsdalen ( Lule Sami : Dunndaravuobme ) is a valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Grkavci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гркавци ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Yongsan International School of Seoul ( YISS ) is a private , coeducational Christian school , offering an American curriculum based education to the international community in South Korea .
Samarkand International Airport ( IATA : SKD , ICAO : UTSS ) is an airport of entry in Samarkand , Uzbekistan .
Glebe Collegiate Institute is a high school in the Glebe neighbourhood of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Chalandri ( Greek : Χαλάνδρι , Ancient Greek : Φλύα , Phlya ) is a suburb in the northern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Mejaouda is a settlement which lies in the Sahara Desert of eastern Mauritania .
The Karmutzen Range is a small mountain range in British Columbia , Canada , located west of Nimpkish Lake on Vancouver Island , north of Tlakwa Creek and south and east of Karmuzten Creek .
Gierszowice ( ɡʲɛrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Giersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Yahagi Dam is a dam near the city of Toyota in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan .
Veligosti ( Greek : Βελιγοστή , before 1918 : Σαμαρά - Samara ) is a settlement in the municipal unit of Falaisia , Arcadia , Greece .
Goulburn Weir is a weir built between 1887 and early 1891 across the Goulburn River near Nagambie , Victoria , Australia .
Nowy Targ ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈtark ) ( Latin : Novum Forum , Slovak : Nový Targ , German : Neumarkt ) is a town in southern Poland with 34,000 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
Troisvierges ( Luxembourgish : Ëlwen , German : Ulflingen ) is a commune and town in northern Luxembourg , in the canton of Clervaux .
The Episcopal Diocese of Maryland forms part of Province 3 of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Tuamarina River is a river in Marlborough in the South Island of New Zealand .
Rzemiechów ( ʐɛˈmjɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Udaipur Solar Observatory ( USO ) is in Udaipur , Rajasthan in India on an island in the Fateh Sagar Lake .
Bučkovci ( pronounced ( butʃˈkoːu̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Khazoon ( Persian : خازون ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Leidseplein is a square in central Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Spanchevtsi is a village in Varshets Municipality , Montana Province , northwestern Bulgaria .
Tiaret ( Berber : Tahert or Tihert , ⵜⴰⵀⴻⵔⵜ , i.e. `` Lioness '' ; Arabic : تاهرت / تيارت‎ ) is a major city in central Algeria that gives its name to the wider farming region of Tiaret Province .
Ilimuda is a volcano located in the eastern part of the island of Flores , Indonesia .
Rügen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʁyːɡən ) ; also lat . Rugia , Ruegen or Rugia Island ) is Germany 's largest island by area .
Terny ( Ukrainian : Терни ) is a village in Ukraine in the Lubny Raion ( district ) of Poltava Oblast .
Mini - Europe is a miniature park located in Bruparck at the foot of the Atomium in Brussels , Belgium .
Villamontes ( or : Villa Montes ) is a town in the Tarija Department in south - eastern Bolivia .
Sanskrit Collegiate School is one of the oldest schools in Kolkata , India , teaching grades pre - nursery to 12 under the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education and the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education .
Kyungnam High School is a college preparatory high school in Busan , South Korea .
The Rua Augusta Arch is a stone , triumphal arch - like , historical building and visitor attraction in Lisbon , Portugal , on Commerce Square , built to commemorate the city 's reconstruction after the 1755 earthquake .
Fungu Yasini Island ( or simply Fungu Yasini ) is an uninhabited island in Tanzania , north of the country 's capital city , Dar es Salaam and is one of the four islands of the Dar es Salaam Marine Reserve ( DMRS ) .
Jørgen Brønlund Fjord is a fjord in southern Peary Land , northern Greenland , with its mouth located at mouth at 82 ° 7.5′N 29 ° 53.3′W. It is about 30 km long and 1 to 2 km wide , and opens out to Independence Fjord in the south .
The EDF - GDF tower is an office building built in 1974 in the heart of the new town of Cergy , France , in the Cergy Prefecture business and administrative district .
The Vepor Mountains ( Slovak : Veporské vrchy ) are a mountain range in Slovakia .
Tororo Thermal Power Station is a 70 MW heavy fuel oil - fired thermal power plant located in the town of Tororo in Tororo District , in Eastern Uganda .
Aurora Transit operated public transit within the town of Aurora , Ontario , Canada , from 1973 to 1999 .
Popa Island ( in Spanish : Isla Popa ) is the second largest island in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago , Panama , with 53 km2 .
York Sound is a sound located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia opening into the Indian Ocean .
Riga District ( Latvian : Rīgas rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Semigallia and Vidzeme regions , in the centre of the country .
Tucavaca Valley Municipal Reserve ( Reserva Municipal Valle de Tucavaca ) is a protected area in Bolivia situated in the Santa Cruz Department , Chiquitos Province , Roboré Municipality .
The Aegean Maritime Museum is a maritime museum in Mykonos , Greece .
Foleyet is an unincorporated community in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada , midway between Chapleau and Timmins on Highway 101 .
Grønfjellåga ( lit . `` the river of the green mountain '' ) is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Ongi Monastery ( Mongolian : Онгийн хийд , Ongiin Khiid ) is the collective name for the ruins of two monasteries that face each other across the Ongi River in Saikhan - Ovoo district of Dundgovi Province , in south - central Mongolia .
Taininbeka is an atoll in Fiji , a member of the Ringgold Isles archipelago , which forms an outlier group to the northern island of Vanua Levu .
Binkelj ( pronounced ( ˈbiːŋkəl ) ; German : Winkel ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Mittenwald Railway ( German : Mittenwaldbahn ) , popularly known as the Karwendelbahn ( Karwendel railway ) , is a railway line in the Alps in Austria and Germany .
Iruya is a small town of population 1,070 in northwestern Argentina .
Grabouw is a mid - sized town located in the Western Cape province of South Africa some 65 km south - east of Cape Town along the N2 highway .
Golden Era Records are a record label that specializes in Australian hip hop music and is based in Stirling , South Australia , Australia .
Anjirdan ( Persian : انجيردان‎‎ , also Romanized as Anjīrdān ) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sélingué is an area in the country of Mali in Africa .
Vardakar ( Armenian : Վարդաքար ; formerly , Tomartash ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Villa International Airport Maamigili(IATA : VAM , ICAO : VRMV ) , also known as Maamigili Airport , is an airport in the Maldives .
The Haus der Technik was an exhibition hall in Königsberg , Germany , now Kaliningrad , Russia .
Chandola Lake is located near Dani Limda Road , Ahmedabad , Gujarat state , India and covers an area of 1200 hectares .
Skövde ( pronunciation ) ( pronunciation : ( ˈɧœvˌde ) ) is a locality and urban centre in Skövde Municipality and Västra Götaland County , in the Västergötland ( Western Gothland region ) in central - Southern Sweden .
Njemanica ( Serbian : Њеманица ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Heravi ( Persian : هروي‎ , also Romanized as Heravī and Hervī ; also known as Herbī ) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Toompea Castle ( Estonian : Toompea loss ) is a castle on Toompea hill in the central part of Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Stubbekøbing is a town with a population of 2,304 ( 1 January 2015 ) in Guldborgsund municipality in Region Sjælland on the northeastern coast of the island of Falster in south Denmark .
Dingli ( Maltese : Ħad - Dingli ) is a village in the Northern Region of Malta , with a population of 3,608 as of March 2014 .
Peillac ( Breton : Paolieg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Kuldre ( Võro : Kuldri ) is a village in Võru County , in southeastern Estonia .
Kef Lahmar ( Arabic : كاف الاحمر , lit . red foothill ) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province , Algeria .
Harku ( German : Hark ) is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Harku Parish , Harju County , northern Estonia .
Gochh is a village and Union Council of Kharian tehsil of Gujrat District in the Punjab , Pakistan .
In 2009 Club Eleven was named by the Brecon Jazz Festival as one of 12 venues which had made the most important contributions to jazz music in the United Kingdom .
Primskovo ( pronounced ( ˈpɾiːmskɔʋɔ ) ; German : Primskau ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
HHC Hardenberg is a football club from Hardenberg , the Netherlands .
Claremont Secondary School ( or CSS ) is a public secondary school in Saanich , a suburb of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Phitsanulok Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานพิษณุโลก ) ( IATA : PHS , ICAO : VTPP ) is an airport serving Phitsanulok , a city in the Phitsanulok Province of Thailand .
B.P. Koirala Institute of Health Sciences ( BPKIHS ) ( Nepali : वी. पी. कोइराला स्वास्थ्य विज्ञान प्रतिष्ठान ) , is a medical institution in Nepal .
The Zuiderkerk ( `` southern church '' ) is a 17th - century Protestant church in the Nieuwmarkt area of Amsterdam , the capital of the Netherlands .
Khwaja Umari ( Khwajeh ' Omri , Qal'eh - ye Khwajeh ) is a village and the center of Khwaja Umari District , Ghazni Province , Afghanistan .
Palugunti palli is a village in Racherla mandal , in the Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Eshgaft - e Baba Mir ( Persian : اشگفت بابامير‎ , also Romanized as Eshgaft - e Bābā Mīr ; also known as Eshkaft - e Bābā Mīr ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Long Bay Beach is an almost deserted 10 miles ( 16 km ) crescent of black sand on the central south coast of Jamaica in Manchester Parish .
XESTN - AM ( 1540 AM , `` Radio Red '' ) is a Spanish - language radio station in Monterrey , Mexico .
Mergellina is a coastal section of the city of Naples , Italy .
Veliny is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic , 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) east from the town of Holice .
Tobetsu Dam is a dam currently under construction in Hokkaidō , Japan .
Halasi ( Kannada ಹಳಸಿ ) also called as Halsi or Halshi , is a town in Khanapur Taluk , Belgaum District in Karnataka , India .
Juan Mendoza Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Juan Mendoza ) ( IATA : ORU , ICAO : SLOR ) is an airport serving the city of Oruro , in the Cercado province of the Oruro department of Bolivia .
Ras Baalbek I ( Arabic : ورأس بعلبك‎ ) is a rock shelter 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) east of Ras Baalbek in the northern Beqaa Valley in Lebanon .
The Coromandel Peninsula on the North Island of New Zealand extends 85 kilometres north from the western end of the Bay of Plenty , forming a natural barrier to protect the Hauraki Gulf and the Firth of Thames in the west from the Pacific Ocean to the east .
Odioma is a village located in Bayelsa State , Nigeria , in an area where oil was found by Shell Nigeria .
Esbjerg ( /ˈɛsbjɜːr/ , /ˈɛsbjɜːrɡ/ ; Danish : ( ˈɛsb̥jæɐ̯ˀ ) ; West Jutish dialect : ( ˈɛsbʲæa̯ ) ) is a seaport town and seat of Esbjerg Municipality on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark .
Valea Aurie is a residential district of Sibiu , Romania , situated in the south - western part of the city .
The Pretoria National Botanical Garden is one of South Africa 's nine National Botanical Gardens .
The Arnold Power Station is a hydroelectric facility fed from Lake Brunner on the Arnold River in West Coast , New Zealand , owned and operated by TrustPower .
Hortaleza is one of the 21 districts of the city of Madrid , Spain .
The Jurassic Museum of Asturias ( Spanish : Museo del Jurásico de Asturias ; MUJA ) is located in the area of Rasa de San Telmo near the parish ( administrative division ) of Llastres in the municipality of Colunga , Asturias , Spain .
Leer is a town in the district of Leer , the northwestern part of Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Arafura Sea name is from the indigenous name for `` the people of mountains '' in the Moluccas ( part of Indonesia ) as identified by Dutch Lieutenants Kolff and Modera in the 1830s .
Porajów ( pɔˈrajuf ) ( German : Großporitsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech and German borders .
Tuangku ( also known as Great Banyak ) is the main and largest island in the Banyak Islands group in Indonesia .
Wadi Abu Dom is an arid valley in Sudan .
Eduard Streltsov Stadium , formerly Torpedo Stadium , is a multi - purpose stadium in Moscow , Russia .
Victoria Strait is a strait in northern Canada that lies in Nunavut off the mainland in the Arctic Ocean .
Kamigoto Airport ( ICAO : RJDK ) is a public aerodrome located about 8 km ( 5.0 mi ) northeast of Kamigoto town office , Shinkamigotō in the Nagasaki Prefecture , Japan .
O R Nizam Road is a major road which crosses the Asian Highway in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
Kandy Railway Station is a major railway station in Kandy , Sri Lanka .
Plas y Brenin located in Conwy County Borough , Wales is the National Mountain Centre for the United Kingdom .
Nansen Fjord is a fjord in eastern Greenland .
Ioannina Island ( Greek : Νήσος Ιωαννίνων ) is an island in Lake Ioannina , Epirus , Greece , a municipal unit of the municipality of Ioannina .
Potyosy ( Russian : Потёсы ) is a village in Bezhetsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Baltrum is a barrier island off the coast of East Frisia ( German : Ostfriesland ) , in Germany , and is a municipality in the district of Aurich , Lower Saxony .
Tynan and Caledon railway station was on the Ulster Railway in Northern Ireland .
Saimaa University of Applied Sciences ( Finnish : Saimaan ammattikorkeakoulu ) is a university of applied sciences ( a polytechnic ) in the region of South Karelia , Finland .
Çinarlar ( also Chinarlar ) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Hårsfjärden is a fjord off the Baltic Sea near Stockholm , Sweden .
Gol Khvaran ( Persian : گل خواران‎ , also Romanized as Gol Khvārān ; also known as Gol Khūrān ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Una River ( Paraíba ) is a small river in the Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil .
Bagrian is a village located in Sangrur District , in Punjab , India which has a significant place in Sikh history .
Ferrara ( ( ferˈraːra ) listen ) is a city and comune in Emilia - Romagna , northern Italy , capital city of the Province of Ferrara .
Grand Valley ( Black Field ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CGV4 ) is located 2.6 nautical miles ( 4.8 km ; 3.0 mi ) southeast of Grand Valley , Ontario , Canada .
Lysøen is an island in the municipality of Os , Hordaland , Norway .
George F. L. Charles Airport ( formerly Vigie Airport ) ( IATA : SLU , ICAO : TLPC ) is the smaller of two airports in Saint Lucia , the other being Hewanorra International Airport .
Kostrzeszyn ( kɔsˈtʂɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Xanlıqpəyə ( also , Xanlıq - pəyə , Khanali , Khanalp’eya , Khanlikp’aya , Khanlykhpeya , and Khanlykpeya ) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Islamabad railway station ( Urdu : اسلام آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) ( Formerly Margalla railway station ) is located in sector I-9 Islamabad , the federal capital of Pakistan .
Våland is a neighborhood ( delområde ) in the borough of Eiganes og Våland in Stavanger , Norway .
Chinaqucha ( Quechua china female , qucha lake , `` female lake '' , hispanicized spelling Chinacocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Apurímac Region , Grau Province , Curpahuasi District .
Shiliu Station ( Chinese : 石榴車站 ; pinyin : Shíliú Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Douliu City , Yunlin County , Taiwan .
The Adelaide Central Market is one of Australia 's finest fresh produce markets providing a wide range of fresh and multi - cultural products and is also a popular tourist attraction in the heart of Adelaide and is often referred to as the Central Market .
Pisququcha ( Quechua pisqu bird , qucha lake , lagoon , `` bird lake '' , hispanicized spelling Piscococha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region , Yauyos Province , Tanta District .
Manginehi ( Persian : منگنه اي‎ , also Romanized as Mangīneh’ī ; also known as Mangīngī , Kūchūleh Mangīneh’ī , Mangi Navi , and Manjī Navī ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Fabiani Bridge ( Slovene : Fabianijev most ) is a two - level bridge over the Ljubljanica River in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Progreston Falls is a 6.7 metre high and 16.5 metre wide terraced curtain waterfall found on private property , ( private with permission to access ) , in Carlisle , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Kurkunta is a village in Gulbarga district 's Sedam taluq , Karnataka India .
Küvənil ( also , Güvənil , Kuvanil '' , and Kuvenil '' ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
China Northwest Airlines Co. , Ltd. ( 中国西北航空公司 ) was an airline based in the People 's Republic of China , with its headquarters in Xian .
Hippodrome de Vincennes is a horse racing track located in Paris , France .
Kuchkun ( Persian : کوچکون‎ , also Romanized as Kūchkūn ; also known as Nes̄ār - e Anārakī ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Info Source is a Canadian government agency repository of information about or collected by the government of Canada .
Pir Bakhsh Bhutto is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Ratodero Taluka in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Sinamaica is the seat of Páez Municipality , in Zulia State , Venezuela .
Sant'Andrea di Conza is a town and comune in the province of Avellino , Campania , Italy .
Kanuni Bridge ( Turkish : Kanuni Köprüsü ) , aka Palace Bridge for Saray Köprüsü , is a historic Ottoman bridge in Edirne , Turkey .
The Jewish Museum of Rhodes ( Greek : Εβραϊκό Μουσείο της Ρόδου ) is a museum on the island of Rhodes , eastern Greece .
Hareeri is a small village in Bardera District located in Gedo Region of Somalia .
Hasborn - Dautweiler is a part of the municipality Tholey in the district of Sankt Wendel in the northern Saarland , Germany .
Campo Magro is a county in the Great Curitiba , state of Paraná , Brazil .
Barratt Due Institute of Music ( initiated 1927 in Oslo , Norway ) is a music education institute founded by the pianist Mary Barratt Due and the violinist Henrik Adam Due .
Borno , also known as Borno State , is a state in north - eastern Nigeria .
Miskanak ( Persian : ميسكنك‎ , also Romanized as Mīskanak ; also known as Meskanak and Mīs Kan ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Alexandria Asiana was a city in present - day Iran , one of the seventy - plus cities founded or renamed by Alexander the Great .
New Barag Right Banner ( Mongolian : ᠰᠢᠨ᠎ᠡ ᠪᠠᠷᠭᠤ ᠪᠠᠷᠠᠭᠤᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Sin - e Barɣu Baraɣun qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 新巴尔虎右旗 ; traditional Chinese : 新巴爾虎右旗 ; pinyin : Xīn Bā'ěrhǔ Yòuqí ) is a banner of northern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Mongolia in all directions but the east .
Chadiza District with the headquarters at Chadiza lies in the extreme south - east corner of Zambia , bordering Malawi to its east and Mozambique to its south .
Yalinga Airport ( IATA : AIG , ICAO : FEFY ) is a public use airport located near Yalinga , Haute - Kotto , the Central African Republic .
Kələk ( also , Kelek and Kyalyak ) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hamnsund Church ( Norwegian : Hamnsund kyrkje ) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Sierra de Chinajá is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala .
Malakal ( Arabic : ملكال Malakāl‎ ) is a city in South Sudan .
Qeshlaq - e Gazeran ( Persian : قشلاق گازران‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Gāzerān ) is a village in Khondab Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Malaya Volokovaya ( Russian : Малая Волоковая , ) is a body of water on the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula , Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Chawinda is a town of the tehsil Pasrur of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Sarmak ( Persian : سرمك‎ ) is a village in Tasuj Rural District , Shonbeh and Tasuj District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Campagna internment camp , located in Campagna , a town near Salerno in Southern Italy , was an internment camp for Jews and foreigners established by Benito Mussolini in 1940 .
Tenala ( Finnish : Tenhola ) is a former municipality in Uusimaa , Finland .
The Archaeological Museum of Drama is located in the city of Drama in East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Hudson 's Hope is a district municipality in northeastern British Columbia , Canada , in the Peace River Regional District .
The British League Division Two Knockout Cup ( known as the National League Knockout Cup between 1976 and 1990 in line with the name of the league ) was a motorcycle speedway competition in the United Kingdom governed by the Speedway Control Bureau ( SCB ) , in conjunction with the British Speedway Promoters ' Association ( BSPA ) .
Larnaca Castle ( Greek : Κάστρο Λάρνακας Turkish : Larnaka Kalesi ) , is a castle located on the southern coast of Cyprus .
Caçu is a municipality in southwest Goiás state , Brazil .
Trebča Vas ( pronounced ( ˈtɾeːptʃa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Trebča vas ) is a village on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Hinthada District ( Burmese : ဟင်္သာတခရိုင် ; formerly Henzada District ) is a district of Ayeyarwady Division , Myanmar .
Gendema is a rural town in Pujehun District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone .
Hlevni Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈxleːu̯ni ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Weiz - Unterfladnitz Airport ( German : Flugplatz Weiz - Unterfladnitz , ICAO : LOGW ) is a private use airport located 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south - southeast of Weiz , Styria , Austria .
The Edumanom Forest Reserve is an area in the Niger Delta region of southeast Nigeria that is home to some of the last chimpanzees in Nigeria .
Itaguazurenda Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Itaguazurenda , ICAO : SLIT ) is a public use airport located near Itaguazurenda , Santa Cruz , Bolivia .
A Government - owned and controlled corporation ( GOCC ) , sometimes with an `` and/or '' , is a term in the Philippines used to describe government - owned corporations that conduct both commercial and non - commercial activity .
The Construction , Forestry , Mining and Energy Union ( CFMEU ) is Australia 's main trade union in construction , forestry and furnishing products , mining and energy production .
Thottuva Dhanwanthari temple is a Hindu temple located in Thottuva , Kerala , India .
Spassk - Ryazansky ( Russian : Спасск-Ряза́нский ) is a town and the administrative center of Spassky District in Ryazan Oblast , Russia , located on the shores of Lake Spasskoye , 55 kilometers ( 34 mi ) southeast of Ryazan , the administrative center of the oblast .
Kennon Road ( formerly the Benguet Road and also known as the Rosario -- Baguio Road ) is a roadway in Benguet province in the Philippines connecting the mountain city of Baguio to the lowland towns of Rosario and Pugo in La Union province .
The Talnikovy Waterfall ( Тальниковый водопад ) is supposed to be the highest waterfall in Russia and all of continental Asia .
Harab ( Persian : هراب‎ , also Romanized as Harāb ) is a village in Qurigol Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Belišće ( pronounced ( bɛ̌liːʃtɕɛ ) ) is a town in Croatia , located in the region of Slavonia , Osijek - Baranja County , at the altitude of 93 m. The population of the city is 6,518 ( 2011 ) , with 10,825 in the municipality .
Haute Loue ( French meaning the Upper Loue ) is a river in the Dordogne department of France .
Santa Olalla del Cala is a large village within the Autonomous region of Andalucia in southern Spain .
The Muñoz Seca Theater ( Teatro Muñoz Seca ) is a theater in Madrid , Spain .
Lo Stadio della neve was a temporary stadium located in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Adraspalle is a village in Ranga Reddy district , in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Absolute World is a residential condominium twin tower skyscraper complex in the five tower Absolute City Centre development in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Geertruidenberg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣeːrtrœy̆də(m)ˌbɛrx ) ) is a city and municipality in the province North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands .
Miniszewo ( miniˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
St George 's Street railway station is now a disused train station in Auckland , New Zealand .
Al - Shaghour ( Arabic : الشاغور‎ ) is a municipality and a neighborhood located in the old walled city of Damascus , Syria , south and east of the Old City , and east of al - Midan .
Boongaree Island is located off the Kimberley coast of Western Australia .
Mokrsko ( ˈmɔkrskɔ ) is a village in Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Austro - Hungarian Navy was the naval force of Austria - Hungary .
El Tepeyac National Park is one of a number of federally recognized national parks in Mexico that are protected natural areas and administered by the federal National Commission of Protected Natural Areas ( CONANP ) , a subsidiary of SEMARNAT ( Ministry of Environment ) .
The Super Tourenwagen Cup , or German Supertouring Championship , was a touring car racing series held between 1994 and 1999 in Germany .
Tsavo is a region of Kenya located at the crossing of the Uganda Railway over the Tsavo River , close to where it meets the Athi River .
Muhaksan is a mountain in southern South Korea , lying in Changwon with a peak reaching 761.4 m above sea level .
Uniejów Castle - one of the main places of interest in Uniejów , Łódź Voivodeship ; in Poland .
The Tikotin Museum of Japanese Art is a museum on the crest of Mount Carmel , in Haifa , Israel , dedicated to the preservation and exhibition of Japanese art . It is the only such museum in the Middle East .
Ambohidratrimo is a town in Analamanga Region , in the Central Highlands of Madagascar , located on what has historically been considered one of the Twelve sacred hills of Imerina .
The Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser was the first newspaper ever published in Western Australia .
Ryboły ( rɨˈbɔwɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Риболи , Ryboly ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Manamoc is an island - barangay in the Sulu Sea , in the northeastern part of the province of Palawan in the Philippines .
La Minerve ( French for `` The Minerva '' ) was a newspaper founded in Montreal , Lower Canada ( present - day Quebec ) by Augustin - Norbert Morin to promote the political goals of Louis - Joseph Papineau 's Parti patriote .
Instinción ( Spanish : ( instinˈθjon ) , locally : ( ɪ̃ʰtːɪnˈθjon ) ) is a municipality of Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Uhe is a village in Mäetaguse Parish , Ida - Viru County in northeastern Estonia .
South Halmahera Regency or Halmahera Selatan is a regency of North Maluku Province , Indonesia .
Brzozowo - Muzyły ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ muˈzɨwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Roman Amphitheatre of Cagliari is an ancient Roman amphitheatre , located in the city of Cagliari , southern Sardinia , Italy .
Dasarahalli , Hoskote , is a town and a city municipal council in Bangalore Rural district in the state of Karnataka , India .
The Laboratoire d'Informatique de Grenoble ( LIG , Grenoble Computer Science Laboratory ) is the largest research laboratory of Informatics in Grenoble , France .
Kubu Island ( Ga'nnyo ) is a dry granite rock island located in the Makgadikgadi Pan area of Botswana .
Mount Bellamy is a mountain in the Owen Stanley Range in south - eastern Papua New Guinea .
Fort Saskatchewan is a city in Alberta , Canada , located 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Edmonton , Alberta 's capital city , along the North Saskatchewan River .
Bejdy ( ˈbɛi̯dɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Issime ( Éischemtöitschu : Éischeme ; German : Einsimmen ) is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north - western Italy .
Loudun (; ) is a commune in the Vienne department in the Poitou - Charentes region in western France .
Ta'if (; ( ) ) is a city in Mecca Province of Saudi Arabia at an elevation of on the slopes of Sarawat Mountains ( Al - Sarawat Mountains ) .
Tappeh Goji ( Persian : تپه گجي‎‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Gojī , Tappeh Kojī , Tappeh - ye Gorg , Tappeh Gachī , and Tepe Gurg ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gothem Church ( Swedish : Gothems kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland , in the Diocese of Visby ( Sweden ) .
Bydgoszcz County ( Polish : powiat bydgoski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
The Cypriot Cup ( Greek : Κύπελλο Κύπρου ) is the main cup competition in Cypriot football , run by the Cyprus Football Association .
The Orto Botanico Comunale di Lucca is a botanical garden located at Via del Giardino Botanico , 14 , Lucca , Italy , and operated by the city .
Chomiec ( ˈxɔmjɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ylikiiminki ( Swedish : Överkiminge ) is a former municipality of Finland .
The Fundéu BBVA ( formerly The Foundation of Urgent Spanish ) is a non - profit organization created in February 2005 in Madrid , Spain .
Federal Rest House or Rumah Peranginan Persekutuan are the rest house owned by the Federal Government of Malaysia under Property Management Division of the Prime Minister 's Department ( Bahagian Pengurusan Harta , Jabatan Perdana Menteri ) .
Lac de Coiselet is a reservoir on the border between the Ain and Jura departments in France .
Moasseseh - ye Hajj Hamudamari ( Persian : موسسه حاج حمودعامري‎ , also Romanized as Moasseseh - ye Ḩājj Ḩamūdʿāmarī ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dashtineh ( Persian : دشتينه‎ , also Romanized as Dashtīneh ) is a village in Armand Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Vezmedar ( Persian : وزمدر‎ , also Romanized as Vezmādār and Vazmadar ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rishi Pahar is a Himalayan mountain peak , located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India .
Temryuk ( Russian : Темрю́к ) is a town and the administrative center of Temryuksky District in Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Taman Peninsula on the right bank of the Kuban River not far from its entry into the Temryuk Bay , amid a field of mud volcanoes .
Shish Yeki ( Persian : شيش يكي‎ , also Romanized as Shīsh Yekī ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Persan - Beaumont Airport ( French : Aérodrome de Persan - Beaumont , ICAO : LFPA ) is a regional airport in the Val - d'Oise department in Île - de - France in northern France .
Forte Village Resort is a hotel and resort complex located in Sardinia , Italy founded in 1970 .
Serpon Sugar Mill is an historical site in Belize , consisting of the remnants of a steam - powered sugar mill whose construction in 1865 marked the beginning of the country 's industrial era .
Johor Bahru ( Malaysian pronunciation : ( ˈjohorˈbahru ) , Jawi : جوهر بهرو‎ , Chinese : 新山 ; pinyin : Xīnshān , Tamil : ஜொகூர் பாரு ) , formerly known as Tanjung Puteri or Iskandar Puteri , is the capital of the state of Johor , Malaysia .
Montesquieu - des - Albères ( Catalan : Montesquiu d'Albera ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Khan Qoli ( Persian : خانقلي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Qolī ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bellevue Mosque ( Swedish : Bellevuemoskén ) is a mosque in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Lough Eske or Lough Eask ( from Irish Loch Iascaigh or Loch Iasc , meaning `` Lake of the Fish '' ) is a small lake in County Donegal , in the northwest of Ireland .
Nowy Świętochów ( ˈnɔvɨ ɕfjɛnˈtɔxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vapila ( Macedonian : Вапила ) is a village in Ohrid Municipality , Macedonia .
Húsavík is a town in Norðurþing municipality on the north coast of Iceland on the shores of Skjálfandi bay with 2,237 inhabitants .
The Mundaneum is a non profit organisation based in Mons , Belgium that runs an exhibition space , website and archive which celebrate the legacy of the original Mundaneum established by Paul Otlet and Henri La Fontaine in the early twentieth century .
Vose ' District or Nohiya - i Vose ' ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Восеъ/Persian : ناحیۀ واسع‎ ) is a district in Khatlon province , Tajikistan .
Shahrak - e Jafariyeh ( Persian : شهرك جعفريه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Ja``farīyeh ; also known as Ja``farīyeh ) is a village in Ferdows Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 7,856 , in 1,933 families .
1944 A Mosque Committee comprising various prominent Muslim diplomats and Muslim residents in the United Kingdom accepted the gift and The Islamic Cultural Centre which includes the London Central Mosque , was established and officially opened in November by His Majesty King George VI .
Aswan ( English pronunciation : /ˌæsˈwɑːn/ ; Egyptian Arabic : أسوان Aswān ( ʔɑsˈwɑːn ) ; Ancient Egyptian : Swenett ; Coptic : ⲥⲟⲩⲁⲛ Souan ; Ancient Greek : Συήνη Syene ) , formerly spelled Assuan , is a city in the south of Egypt , the capital of the Aswan Governorate .
Mowtowr - e Abdol Naser Kelekeli ( Persian : موتورعبدالناصركلكلي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAbdoln Naşer Kelkelī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lake Moeraki is a small lake on the Moeraki River on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
Whitlam Square , located in Sydney , Australia , constitutes an important intersection of major streets in the south - eastern portion of the city 's Central Business District .
Lake Manzala ( Arabic : بحيرة المنزلة‎ baḥīrat manzala ) , also Manzaleh , is a brackish lake , sometimes called a lagoon , in northeastern Egypt on the Nile Delta near Port Said and a few miles from the ancient ruins at Tanis .
Örebro County ( Swedish : Örebro län ) is a county or län in central Sweden .
Karpinsky Group ( Russian : Вулкан Карпинского ) is a volcanic group located at the southern end of Paramushir Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Edisa ( Georgian : ედისა , Ossetian : Едыс ) is a settlement in the Java district of Georgia .
Pudob ( pronounced ( ˈpuːdɔp ) ) is a village south of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Shotor Cheshmeh ( Persian : شترچشمه‎ ) is a village in Faravan Rural District , Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Fierza Hydroelectric Power Station ( Albanian : Hidrocentrali i Fierzës ) is a large hydroelectric power station on the Drin River , in Albania .
The Daily Mail Tournament was a professional golf tournament played in the United Kingdom .
H. C. Andersens Boulevard is the most densely trafficated artery in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bahir Dar or Bahar Dar ( Amharic : ባሕር ዳር ? , Baḥər Dar , `` sea shore '' ) is a city in north - western Ethiopia .
The Nanjing South Railway Station ( Chinese : 南京南站 ) ( IATA : NKJ ) is a high - speed railway station in Nanjing , Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China , serving the Jinghu High - Speed Railway , Huning Intercity Rail , Ninghang Passenger Railway and the Huhanrong ( Shanghai -- Wuhan -- Chengdu ) Railways .
Mackay Courthouse is located at 12 Brisbane Street , Mackay in Queensland , Australia .
Brenton - on - Sea is a settlement and seaside resort town 15 km west of Knysna in Eden District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Fujeh Kandi ( Persian : فوجه كندي‎ , also Romanized as Fūjeh Kandī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The 2013 Campeonato Cearense de Futebol was the 99th season of top professional football league in the state of Ceará , Brazil .
Etang Grenon or Lac Grenon is a lake at Montana in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Toliara ( also known as Toliary , ( tuliˈar ) ; formerly Tuléar ) is a city in Madagascar .
Turning Point Alcohol and Drug Centre is an alcohol and other drugs organisation located in the inner Melbourne ( Australia ) suburb of Fitzroy .
Punkaharju Airfield is an airfield in Punkaharju , Finland , about 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) south of Punkaharju municipal centre .
Khalil Shahr ( Persian : خليل شهر‎ , also Romanized as Khalīl Shahr ; formerly , Khalil Mahalleh ( Persian : خليل محله ) , also Romanized as Khalīl Maḩalleh and Khallī Mahalleh ) is a city in the Central District of Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Srebrzyszcze ( srɛˈbʐɨʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Darling Scarp , also referred to as the Darling Range or Darling Ranges , is a low escarpment running north - south to the east of the Swan Coastal Plain and Perth , Western Australia .
Papacharalambeio National Stadium ( Greek : Παπαχαραλάμπειο Εθνικό Στάδιο ) in Nafpaktos , Aetolia - Acarnania , West Greece , is the home stadium of Nafpaktiakos Asteras football club .
Gare de Suresnes - Mont - Valérien is a railway station serving the town Suresnes , Hauts - de - Seine department , in the western suburbs of Paris , France .
Os Resentidos ( The Resentfuls ) was a Galician rock band from Vigo , Spain founded in 1982 by Antón Reixa , Alberto Torrado , Rubén Losada , and Javier Soto .
The Fortaleza Metro ( Portuguese : Metrô de Fortaleza , commonly called Metrofor ) is the meter gauge 43-kilometer ( 27 mi ) metropolitan rail system that operates in the city of Fortaleza in Ceará , Brazil .
ReQuest Dance Crew ( also known as ReQuest ) are an all - female hip - hop dance crew from Auckland , New Zealand .
Pumakancha ( Quechua puma cougar , puma , kancha enclosure , enclosed place , yard , a frame , or wall that encloses , hispanicized spelling Pumacancha ) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru , about 4,547.9 metres ( 14,921 ft ) high .
Grzędowo ( ɡʐɛnˈdɔvɔ ) ( German : Rödersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Serious Crimes Unit was the official title given to an elite unit of International Police investigators during the United Nations 1999 to 2004 mission in East Timor .
Białobrzeg ( bjaˈwɔbʐɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gezelan ( Persian : گزلان‎ , also Romanized as Gezelān ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Goluj Subregion is a subregion in the western Gash - Barka region ( Zoba Gash - Barka ) of Eritrea .
Markim Church ( Swedish : Markims kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Diocese of Stockholm in Stockholm County , Sweden .
The Kangso Three Tombs are mausoleums located in Kangso - guyok , North Korea .
The 1972 Summer Olympics ( German : Olympische Sommerspiele 1972 ) , officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad , was an international multi - sport event held in Munich , West Germany , from August 26 to September 11 , 1972 .
CAV High School also known as Chandulal Anglo - Vedic High School is a public high school located in Hisar city of Haryana , India .
Dasht Raz ( Persian : دشترز‎ ; also known as Dasht Zar ) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District , Amarlu District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Golol ( Somali : Golol ) , or Ximan Golol , is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Ponte San Giovanni is a frazione of the city of Perugia , Italy .
Nam Wan Tunnel is a tunnel in Hong Kong opened to traffic on 20 December 2009 , along with the West Tsing Yi Viaduct , East Tsing Yi Viaduct and Stonecutters Bridge .
CBVT - DT ( branded on - air as ICI Québec ) is the Ici Radio - Canada Télé owned - and - operated television station in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
Sadr Expressway is a freeway in northern Tehran , Iran .
Padilla de Arriba is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
Derwen College is a Further Education College situated in Oswestry in Shropshire in the United Kingdom which provides residential further education for students with learning difficulties and disabilities .
The Kirkuk Citadel ( Kurdish : Qelay Kerkûk , Arabic : قلعة كركوك‎ Qal’at Karkuk , Turkish : Kerkük Kalesi ) is located in the centre of the city of Kirkuk in Iraq , and is considered to be the oldest part of the city .
Bahor ( Persian : بهار‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Andizhan Airport ( IATA : AZN , ICAO : UTKA ) is an airport serving Andijan ( also spelled Andijan ) , the capital city of the Andijan Region in Uzbekistan .
Dolní Benešov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdolɲiː ˈbɛnɛʃof ) ; German : Beneschau ) is a small town in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Shervedan ( Persian : شرودان‎ , also Romanized as Shervedān ; also known as Shervehdān and Shīrvedān ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Veendam ( Dutch pronunciation : ( veːnˈdɑm ) ) is a town and municipality with a population of 27,752 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Landås is a neighbourhood in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Gushegu District is one of the twenty ( 20 ) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana .
Azhdar Khowsh ( Persian : اژدرخوس‎ ) is a village in Tasuj Rural District , Shonbeh and Tasuj District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Gebze railway station is a station on the Istanbul - Ankara Main Line in Gebze , Turkey .
Paramakatoi is a community in the Potaro - Siparuni Region of Guyana , located at 4 ° 43′0``N 59 ° 42′0''W , Altitude 970 metres .
Budelli is an island in the Maddalena archipelago , near the strait of Bonifacio in northern Sardinia , Italy .
With 814,439 inhabitants , Teresina is the 19th largest city in Brazil , and the 15th largest state capital in the country .
Korabelnoye ( Russian : Корабельное ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in administrative jurisdiction of the closed administrative - territorial formation of Ostrovnoy in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 27 meters ( 89 ft ) above sea level .
The Warmer Damm is a public park in the centre of Wiesbaden , Germany , stretching from the Wilhelmstraße to the southern borders of the Kurpark and lying immediately in front of the Hessian State Theater .
Scholars disagree over whether the overall tone of the Heliand lends to the text being an example of a Germanized Christianity or a Christianized Germany .
Mount Clarke is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located 21 km ( 13 mi ) northwest of Hemlock Valley and 6 km ( 4 mi ) south of Grainger Peak .
Petit - Enghien ( French ; Lettelingen in Dutch ) is a town and section de commune in the municipality of Enghien in Hainaut , Wallonia , Belgium .
Forni di Sopra ( Fornes : For di Sora ) is a town and comune in the province of Udine , in Dolomite Alps mountain range ( north - eastern Italy ) .
The Tempisque River , or Río Tempisque , is 144 km long , located entirely in Costa Rica flowing from the Guanacaste Cordillera near the Orosí Volcano and emptying into the Gulf of Nicoya .
Kalleh - ye Espid - e Eslamabad ( Persian : كله اسپيداسلام اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh - ye Espīd - e Eslāmābād ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Barnówko ( barˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Berneuchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Nara Unateze is a town located in Nkanu East Local Government Area of Enugu State Nigeria .
The Château de Blandy - les - Tours is a medieval castle in the village of Blandy - les - Tours ( Seine - et - Marne , France ) ; it is about 5 km from the château de Vaux - le - Vicomte and 10 km from Melun .
Dvorichna ( Ukrainian : Дворічна ) is an urban type settlement in the Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Tvrđa ( Citadel ) is the Old Town of the city of Osijek in Croatia .
Dlhoňa ( Rusyn : Длгоня , Hungarian : Dolgonya ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Dolenje Jezero ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈjeːzɛɾɔ ) ; German : Unterseedorf ) is a village on the northern edge of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Fabili ( Persian : فابيلي‎ , also Romanized as Fābīlī ; also known as Fablī ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Jeombongsan is a mountain between the counties of Inje and Yangyang , Gangwon - do in South Korea .
Şivlik is a village in the municipality of Baliton in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan and many good people live there .
Strasbourg Eurométropole or Eurométropole de Strasbourg ( formerly the Urban Community of Strasbourg ) is the intercommunal structure gathering the city of Strasbourg ( France ) and its suburbs .
Apastovsky District ( Russian : Апа́стовский райо́н ; Tatar Cyrillic : Апас районы , Latin : Apas rayonı ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
Tribschen ( also seen as Triebschen ) is a district of the city of Lucerne , in the Canton of Lucerne in central Switzerland .
Industrieverband Fahrzeugbau ( ' Industrial Association for Vehicle Construction ' ) , usually abbreviated as IFA , was a conglomerate and a union of companies for vehicle construction in the former East Germany ( German : Deutsche Demokratische Republik - DDR ) .
Saint - Brieuc Cathedral Basilica ( French : Basilique - Cathédrale Saint - Étienne de Saint - Brieuc ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of Brittany ( France ) , located in the town of Saint - Brieuc .
Bankya ( Bulgarian : Банкя ) is a small town and district located on the outskirts of Sofia in western Bulgaria .
Pusmulići ( Serbian : Пусмулићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ife Central ( Yoruba : Gbongan Ife ) is a Local Government Area in Osun State , Nigeria .
Amir Zakaria ( Persian : اميرذكريا‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Zakarīā , Amīr Zakarīyā , Amīr Z̄akaryā , and Amīr Z̄akareyyā ; also known as Mīrzā Karān , Mirzakeran , and Mīrzā Qareh ) is a village in Sis Rural District , in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Cozia National Park ( Romanian : Parcul Naţional Cozia ) ( national park category II IUCN ) is situated in Romania , in the north - east part of Vâlcea County , in administrative trerritory of localities Racoviţa , Perișani and Băile Olăneşti .
Skierniewice ( skʲɛrɲɛˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a town in central Poland with 49,132 inhabitants ( 2007 ) , situated in the Łódź Voivodship ( since 1999 ) , previously capital of Skierniewice Voivodship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
Nea Nikomedeia ( Greek : Νέα Νικομήδεια ) is a village approximately 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) to the northeast of Veria in Imathia , in the region of Central Macedonia in northern Greece .
Falperra Church or the Church of Santa Maria Madalena is a Baroque church located in the ( serra da Falperra ) Falperra mountains , outside of Braga , Portugal .
Kuźnia Raciborska ( ˈkuʑɲa rat͡ɕiˈbɔrska ) ( German : Ratiborhammer ) is a town in Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , with 5,630 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Bogahakumbura ( බෝගහකුඹුර in Sinhala language)is a rural town in Sri Lanka .
Larkana railway station ( Urdu : لاڑکانہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in middle of the Larkana , Sindh , Pakistan .
Kutno ( ˈkutnɔ ) is a town located in central Poland with 48,000 inhabitants ( 2005 ) and an area of 33.6 km2 ( 13.0 sq mi ) .
Chojne ( ˈxɔi̯nɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Krzyki ( German : Krietern ) : is one of the five administrative boroughs ( dzielnicas ) of Wrocław , Poland .
As of July 2014 , Nick Hutt has been the interim CEO of VTB Capital plc . Since 2009 VTB Capital has run an annual international investment forum , Russia Calling ! , in both London and Moscow .
Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá is a major sports stadium located in San Juan de Tibás , San José , Costa Rica .
Svensky Monastery ( Russian : Свенский монастырь ) is a Russian Orthodox monastery located at the confluence of the Desna and Svin Rivers , three miles from Bryansk , Russia .
Mito District is one of fifteen districts of the province of Concepción in Peru .
Promontory Falls is an 18 metre horsetail , ribbon waterfall found on private property , ( private with permission to access ) , in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Patitiri ( Greek : Πατητήρι ) is the capital town of the island of Alonnisos in the Sporades archipelago , Greece .
Sutatausa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sutaˈtausa ) ) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca .
Tagish Lake is a lake in Yukon and northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Preis der Diana is a Group 1 flat horse race in Germany open to three - year - old thoroughbred fillies .
The 2008 Vladikavkaz bombing took place on a routed taxicab , which was unloading passengers at a market in Vladikavkaz , North Ossetia , Russia on November 6 , 2008 killing 12 and injuring 41 .
Motunui is a settlement in northern Taranaki , in the North Island of New Zealand .
CIQW - FM is a tourist information radio station which broadcasts on the frequency 99.3 MHz FM in Quinte West , Ontario , Canada .
Haveli Baghal is a village in the Dadyal tehsil of Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
The Čik or Čiker ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чик or Чикер ; Hungarian : Csík - ér , Croatian : Čik or Čiker ) is a river in northern Serbia .
Deir Ful ( Arabic : دير فول‎ , also spelled Derful ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located northeast of Homs .
Thurston Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park on the northwest side of Sonora Island in British Columbia , Canada .
The Essen Cathedral Treasury ( German : Essener Domschatz ) is one of the most significant collections of religious artworks in Germany .
Dompu ( Indonesia : Kota Dompu ) is a town and the administrative capital of the Dompu Regency , located in the eastern part of the island of Sumbawa , in central Indonesia 's province of West Nusa Tenggara .
Gare du Palais ( `` Palace Station '' ) is a train and bus station in Quebec City , Canada .
Fraugde is a village and southeastern suburb of Odense , with a population of 1,749 ( 1.January 2014 ) , in Funen , Denmark .
Nicholas Channel ( also Saint Nicholas Channel ; Spanish : Canal de Nicolas or Canal de San Nicolas ) is a strait off the northeastern coast of Cuba .
Sekal ( Persian : سكل‎ , also Romanized as Sekal and Sekol ; also known as Seh Gel ) is a village in Bikah Rural District , Bikah District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Nok Ok ( Thai : นกออก ) is a subdistrict municipality ( thesaban tambon ) in Pak Thong Chai District , Nakhon Ratchasima Province , Thailand .
Mpraeso is a town and the capital of Kwahu South district , a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana , located at an altitude of 367 m on the Kwahu Plateau , which forms the south - west boundary of Lake Volta .
Stockholm Skavsta Airport ( Swedish : Stockholm Skavsta flygplats ) , or Nyköping Airport ( IATA : NYO , ICAO : ESKN ) is an international airport near Nyköping , Sweden , approximately 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) southwest of Stockholm .
Segura de los Baños is a municipality and ancient spa town located in the Cuencas Mineras comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
The Barrier River is a river in the Mount Aspiring National Park in the Southland region of New Zealand .
The Agstafachay reservoir ( Azerbaijani : Ağstafaçay su anbarı ) is a large reservoir in the Agstafa Rayon of northwestern Azerbaijan .
The Château de Conros is a medieval castle , later heavily modified , situated in Arpajon - sur - Cère in the Cantal département of France .
Rogożajny Wielkie ( rɔɡɔˈʐai̯nɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Ludewa is a town and ward in Ludewa District of Njombe Region in Tanzania , East Africa .
The Arén Formation or Arén Sandstone Formation is a geological formation in Arén , Spain whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous .
Dantes Plads ( lit . `` Dante 's Square '' ) is a public square located in front of the Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek where it connects H. C. Andersens Boulevard to Vester Voldgade in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Oppegård Station ( Norwegian : Oppegård stasjon ) is a railway station in Oppegård , Norway .
Casa Hacienda de Naic is a 19th - century structure classified as a casa hacienda ( hacienda house ) located in the town of Naic in Cavite province , Philippines .
Malakasi ( Greek : Μαλακάσι ) is a village and a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Nienadowa ( ɲenaˈdɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Wlotzkasbaken or Wlotzka 's Baken ( German : Wlotzka 's beacon , often shortened to Wlotzka or Wlotzkas ) is a holiday settlement on Namibia 's Atlantic coast , situated approximately halfway between Swakopmund and Hentiesbay .
Zbrojníky ( Hungarian : Kétfegyvernek ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
The Lötschental is the largest valley on the northern side of the Rhône valley in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Lələbağırlı ( also , Lelabagyrli , Lelabagyrly , Lolabağırlı , and Lyalyabagyrly ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
ABC Radio National , known on - air as RN , is an Australia - wide non - commercial radio network run by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
Ziortza - Bolibar ( Spanish : Cenarruza - Puebla de Bolívar ) is a municipality in the province of Biscay , Basque Country ( Spain ) , in the comarca of Lea - Artibai .
Dulsk - Frankowo ( ˈdulsk franˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kampung Titingan ( lit . ' Titingan village ' ) is a village in Tawau , Sabah , Malaysia .
Geysaran ( Persian : گيساران‎ , also Romanized as Geysārān ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Radoska ( raˈdɔska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Chulyshman River ( Russian : Чулышман ) is a river in Altai Republic in Russia .
Dohňany ( Hungarian : Donány ) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Hoseynabad - e Sedaqat ( Persian : حسين ابادصداقت‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Şedāqat ) is a village in Takab Rural District , in the Central District of Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nguyễn Thượng Hiền High School ( Vietnamese : Trường Trung học phổ thông Nguyễn Thượng Hiền ) is a public high school in Hồ Chí Minh City , Vietnam .
Bisztynek ( bʲiʂˈtɨnɛk ) ( German : Bischofstein ) is a town in Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,555 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Mets Ayrum ( Armenian : Մեծ Այրում ; also , Ayrum and Russified as Nizhniy Ayrum ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Sipaliwini Airstrip ( IATA : SMSI ) , near the village of Sipaliwini , in the most southern part of Suriname in the same named District of Sipaliwini .
Der Standard is an Austrian national daily broadsheet newspaper published in Vienna , although the paper is produced in Tulln an der Donau in Lower Austria , due to lower taxes in that federal state .
Auto Union was formed in Germany in 1932 merging :
The Reykjanes Power Station is a geothermal power station located in Reykjanes at the southwestern tip of Iceland .
San Fili ( Greek : Aghia Phyli ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Peresznye ( Croatian : Prisika , German : Prössing ) is a village in Vas ( Eisenburg ) county , Hungary , close to the border towards Austria which was drawn in 1921 according to the Treaty of Trianon .
Mrocza ( ˈmrɔt͡ʂa ) ( German : Mrotschen ) is a town in Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,181 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Zehtarabad ( Persian : زهتراباد‎ , also Romanized as Zehtarābād ; also known as Zaitarābād , Zaytarabad , and Zeytarābād ) is a village in Gilvan Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Abuja National Mosque , also known as the Nigerian National Mosque , is the national mosque of Nigeria , a country with a substantial Muslim population .
Moore Street ( Irish : Sráid Uí Mhórdha ) is a street in central Dublin , Ireland , off Henry Street , one of Ireland 's main shopping streets .
Liga Tucumana de Fútbol is a football league based in Tucumán Province in Argentina .
Dongduk Women 's University ( DWU ) is a private university founded by Cho Dong - Shik who was a Korean independence activist , in Seoul , South Korea .
Josefov ( also Jewish quarter ; German : Josefstadt ) is a town quarter and the smallest cadastral area of Prague , Czech Republic , formerly the Jewish ghetto of the town .
Luchtverkeersleiding Nederland ( LVNL ) is the agency in charge of air traffic control in the airspace of the Netherlands .
Paradinha is a former civil parish in the municipality ( concelho ) of Moimenta da Beira , Portugal .
Castres ( French pronunciation : ​(kastʁ ) ; Castras in the Languedocian dialect of Occitan ) is a commune , and arrondissement capital in the Tarn department and Midi - Pyrénées region in southern France .
Kokelv Church ( Norwegian : Kokelv kirke ) is a parish church in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The University of Calicut is an affiliating university located at Thenjipalam in Malappuram district of Kerala state in India .
Gardaneh - ye Khaki ( Persian : گردنه خاكي‎ , also Romanized as Gardaneh - ye Khākī ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
As of 2001 census of India , Bisonvalley had a population of 12761 with 6449 males and 6312 females .
In this tradition , Vallecas is also home to Spain 's most renowned ska band Ska - P , popular all over Europe and famous for its anarchist and leftist lyrics .
Simbal is a town in Northern Peru , capital of the district Simbal in Trujillo Province of the region La Libertad .
Roedtan is a small town in the Limpopo province , South Africa , set in the midst of the Springbok Flats .
Dolenje Podpoljane ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ pɔtpɔˈljaːnɛ ) ; German : Unterpölland ) is a small settlement halfway between Ribnica and Velike Lašče in southern Slovenia .
Boucoiran - et - Nozières is a commune in the Gard department in southern France .
Rothenburgsort is a quarter ( German : Stadtteil ) in the Hamburg - Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany .
Los Pingüinos Natural Monument ( Spanish : Monumento natural Los Pingüinos , English : The Penguins Natural Monument ) is located 35 km ( 22 mi ) northeast of Punta Arenas , Chile .
Popencu ( Ukrainian : Попенки , Popenky , Russian : Попенки , Popenki ) is a commune in the north of Transnistria , Moldova .
Fort Liard ( pronounced `` lee - ahrd '' ) ( Slavey language : Echaot'l Koe `` people from the land of the giants '' or Ahcho Kue ) is a hamlet in the Dehcho Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Pocinho is a village in northern Portugal , located in the Vila Nova de Foz Côa Municipality .
The Jadro River is a watercourse in Dalmatia , Croatia that discharges to the Adriatic Sea .
Gjirokastër Obelisk or Mëmëdheu ABC is an obelisk monument in Gjirokastër , Albania .
Metricon is a home building company in Australia .
Kanayannur is a Taluk in the District of Ernakulam , in the state of Kerala , India .
Cimeše ( Cyrillic : Цимеше ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kutubpur Datana ( known as Datana ) is a village of Rava Rajput ( or Raya rajputs or Rawa Rajputs , a major clan of the Rajput ) is a town in Muzaffarnagar district , India situated 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) east of Budhana .
The North Luzon Expressway ( NLE or NLEx ) , formerly known as the North Diversion Road and Manila North Expressway ( MNEX ) , is a 2 to 8-lane limited - access toll expressway that connects Metro Manila to the provinces of the Central Luzon region in the Philippines .
Talaies d'Alcalà ( Valencian pronunciation : ( taˈlajez ðaɫkaˈla ) , Spanish : Atalayas de Alcalá ) , also known as Serra de les Talaies or simply Les Talaies , is a 21.5 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca , Valencian Community , Spain .
Edith Stephens Wetland Park is a nature reserve for wetlands and fynbos , located in the city of Cape Town , South Africa .
Hearst railway station in Hearst , Ontario , Canada is a railway station which acts as the terminus for the Algoma Central Railway train service .
Raikküla is a village in Raikküla Parish , Rapla County in northwestern Estonia .
The Puddefjord Bridge ( Norwegian : Puddefjordsbroen ) is an arch bridge in Bergen , Norway .
The Riksdag ( Swedish : riksdagen or Sveriges riksdag ) is the national legislature and the supreme decision - making body of Sweden .
Sydół ( ˈsɨduu̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Centrul Civic ( Romanian : ( ˈt͡ʃentrul ˈt͡ʃivik ) , the Civic Center ) is a district in central Bucharest , Romania , which was completely rebuilt in the 1980s as part of the scheme of systematization under the dictator Nicolae Ceauşescu .
19 topographic points of the Struve Geodetic Arc are located in Belarus .
Deidenberg is a village in the German - speaking Community of Belgium .
Castlebridge ( Irish : Droichead an Chaisleáin ) is a large village on the R741 regional road in County Wexford , Ireland , north of Wexford Town .
The Vărmaga River ( Hungarian : Bán - patak or Vormágai - patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Leiden Observatory ( Sterrewacht Leiden in Dutch ) is an astronomical observatory in the city of Leiden , the Netherlands .
Digital Media City ( DMC ; Korean : 디지털미디어시티 ) is a high - tech complex for digital technologies , housing ubiquitous networked offices , apartments , exhibitions , conference halls and cultural centers in Seoul , South Korea .
La Cure is a small village located five miles north of Geneva , Switzerland .
Parângu Mare ( Romanian pronunciation : ( paˈrɨŋ̩ɡu ˈmare ) , `` Big Parângu '' ) is a mountain peak in Romania .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Karam Sharifi ( Persian : مزرعه محمدكرم شريفي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Karam Sharīfī ) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 8 , in 4 families .
Al - e Kabud ( Persian : ْآل كبود‎ , also Romanized as Āl - e Kabūd ; also known as Alakabūd , Alā Kabūd , Āleh Kabūd , and Allākabūd ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dunsandel is a small rural township in the Canterbury Region of the South Island , New Zealand .
The Frieda River Project is a large open cast mine - and associated infrastructure in Papua New Guinea .
Talkhab - e Taj od Din ( Persian : تلخاب تاج الدين‎ , also Romanized as Talkhāb - e Tāj od Dīn ; also known as Tāj ed Dīn ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Resko ( ˈrɛskɔ ) ( German : Regenwalde ) is a town in Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,436 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Punkunnam(പുങ്കുന്നം ) is a commercial and residential area in Thrissur city of Kerala in India .
Medze parish ( Latvian : Medzes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Grobiņa Municipality , Latvia .
Al Hamriyah is the name of a coastal settlement of Sharjah on the northern perimeter of Ajman in the United Arab Emirates .
The Aiorman River or Peceneaga River is a river in Romania , tributary of the Danube
Ezinge is the oldest , constantly inhabited village in The Netherlands and is in archeological context referred to as `` the Pompeii of the North '' Ezinge was a separate municipality until 1990 , when it was merged with Winsum .
Čudno Selo ( pronounced ( ˈtʃuːdnɔ ˈsɛːlɔ ) ; Slovene : Čudno selo ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Lahinja River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Mount Tochal ( Persian : توچال‎‎ , also Romanized as Tochāl ) is a mountain in the Alborz range and a ski resort adjacent to metropolitan Tehran , Iran .
Narzana is one of three parishes in Sariego , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Skänninge Abbey , also known as St. Ingrid 's Priory , St. Martin 's Priory or , simply , as Skänninge Nunnery , was a Roman Catholic convent for females of the Dominican Order in Skänninge in Sweden , in operation from 1272 until 1544 .
Little Andrews Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on Ootsa Lake in the Nechako Country in that province 's Central Interior .
Sadeghiyeh ( also Sadeghieh , Sadeqiyeh ) ( Persian : صادقیه‎ ) is a heavily populated district of Tehran , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Shoqan ( Persian : كلاته شقان‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Shoqān and Kalateh - e Shoqan ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Shoqānīhā ) is a village in Shoqan Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Neghots ( Armenian : Նեղոց ) , is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Qurd ol Duran - e Kord ( Persian : قوردالدرن كرد‎ , also Romanized as Qūrd ol Dūran - e Kord ; also kown as Kūrt Kandī and Qūrd ol Dūran ) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Snow Arena is an indoor ski slope in Druskininkai , Lithuania .
Abano Terme ( known as Abano Bagni until 1924 ) is a town and comune in the province of Padua , in the Veneto region , Italy , on the eastern slope of the Colli Euganei ; it is 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) southwest by rail from Padua .
Doncaster Hill is one of the highest points in the metropolitan area of Melbourne , Australia .
Żerniki Wrocławskie ( ʐɛrˈniki vrɔt͡sˈwafskʲɛ ) ( German : Schönborn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Konopki - Jałbrzyków Stok ( kɔˈnɔpki jau̯ˈbʐɨkuf ˈstɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ensenada de la Broa is a bay in southern Cuba .
The Stenkvista runestone , designated as runic inscription Sö 111 in the Rundata catalog , is a memorial runestone located near the church at Stenkvista , which is two kilometers east of Skogstorp , Södermanland County , Sweden , which was formerly part of the historic Södermanland , and which features a depiction of Thor 's hammer , Mjöllnir .
Zębice ( zɛmˈbit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Uggleviksreservoaren ( Swedish : The `` Uggleviken Reservoir '' ) is a water reservoir located in the forest Lilljansskogen near Uggleviken , a fen at Norra Djurgården in north - eastern central Stockholm , Sweden .
The Théâtre des Célestins is a theatre building on Place des Célestins in Lyon , France .
Barapalli is a village situated 3 km from district Nayagarh in Orissa , India .
Around 1881 , Falna was initially set up as a railway station in Rajputana State Railway later in Bombay , Baroda and Central India Railway .
Saskatchewan Minerals Inc. is a privately held company located in Saskatchewan , Canada , that mines and processes sodium sulphate .
Djamaa ( Arabic : ﺟﺎﻣﻌﺔ‎ ) ( also written Jama'a ) is a town and commune in El Oued Province , Algeria .
Čemše ( pronounced ( ˈtʃeːmʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia .
Chivilcoy is a city in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina , the head town of the Chivilcoy Partido .
Droß is a municipality in the district of Krems - Land , Lower Austria , Austria .
Qezel Dagh - e Kord ( Persian : قزل داغ كرد‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Dāgh - e Kord and Qezeldāgh - e Kord ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Welimada ( වැලිමඩ)is a town in the Badulla District of the Uva Province of Sri Lanka .
Gromin ( ˈɡrɔmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Olmaliq also spelled as Almalyk ( Uzbek : Olmaliq / Олмалиқ ; Russian : Алмалык ) is a city ( 2004 pop est 138,000 ) in the Tashkent Region of central Uzbekistan , approximately 65 km east of Tashkent .
Inntrøndelag District Court ( Norwegian : Inntrøndelag tingrett ) is the district court serving the Inntrøndelag region in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Yitong Manchu Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 伊通满族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 伊通滿族自治縣 ; pinyin : Yītōng Mǎnzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is located in western Jilin province , People 's Republic of China , 52 kilometres ( 32 mi ) south of the provincial capital , Changchun .
The Konferenz Nationaler Kultureinrichtungen ( KNK ) or Conference of National Cultural Institutions is a union of more than twenty cultural organizations in the former East Germany .
Paravatumb ( Armenian : Պառավաթումբ , also Barabatyn , Paravatoumb , and Parravat’umb ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bill Godfrey Oval is a sports venue in Burleigh Waters , Queensland , a suburb in the Gold Coast , Australia .
Sarinah , dubbed `` The Indonesian Emporium '' , is a department store in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Šedem ( pronounced ( ˈʃeːdəm ) ) is a settlement in the hills northwest of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Hainleite is a Muschelkalk ridge of hills up to 463.2 m above sea level ( NN ) in northern Thuringia , Germany .
Boundji is a city in the Cuvette Region of northeastern Republic of the Congo .
The Grand Som is a mountain of the Chartreuse Mountains in the French Prealps , in Isère , France .
Bibiheybət ( also , Bibi - Eybat and Bibiheibet ) is a municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Lake Rweru is a lake close to the northernmost point of Burundi in central Africa .
Bakos ( Arabic : باكوس‎ ) , also known as Bacus , is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
Mikołajskie Lake ( Polish : Jezioro Mikołajskie ; German : Nikolaiker See ) is glacial lake in Masurian Lake District in Poland .
Balaxanı ( also , Balkh , Balaban , Balachany , Baladzary , Balakhani , and Balakhany ) is a settlement and municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Gubno ( pronounced ( ˈɡuːbnɔ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia .
Hanuman River Railway bridge is a three - span railway bridge in Thailand .
Poznachowice Dolne ( pɔznaxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa , within Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Telšiai ( pronunciation , known also by several alternative names ) , is a city in Lithuania with about 25,000 inhabitants .
Kurzeszyn ( kuˈʐɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Haut - Bugey line ( French : Ligne du Haut - Bugey ) ( also nicknamed Lignes des Carpates ) is a railway line in France .
The Yères is a river of Normandy , France , 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) in length , flowing through the department of Seine - Maritime
İngiloy Kötüklü ( also , Ingiloy Këtyuklyu ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Column of Phocas ( Italian : Colonna di Foca ) is a Roman monumental column in the Roman Forum of Rome , Italy .
Kalauzovići ( Serbian : Калаузовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Helvetinjärvi National Park ( Finnish : Helvetinjärven kansallispuisto , literally `` Hell 's Lake national park '' ) is a national park in the Pirkanmaa region in Finland .
Cabanas de Viriato is a town in the Carregal do Sal Municipality , Dão - Lafões Subregion of the Viseu District , in the Centro Region of Portugal .
Stranje pri Dobrniču ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːnjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbəɾnitʃu ) ) is a small settlement north of Dobrnič in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Lötschberg Base Tunnel ( LBT ) is a 34.57-kilometre ( 21.48 mi ) railway tunnel on the BLS AG 's Lötschberg line cutting through the Alps of Switzerland some 400 m ( 1,312 ft ) below the existing Lötschberg Tunnel .
Bhadrapur Airport ( IATA : BDP , ICAO : VNCG ) , also known as Chandragadhi Airport , is an airport serving Bhadrapur and Chandragadhi , both towns in the Jhapa district in the Mechi zone in Nepal .
Ordesa Cascada is a famous waterfall and cave area located in the Ordesa Valley in Spain .
The Yukon Green Party is a territorial green political party in Yukon , Canada .
Mount Lokon , together with Mount Empung , is a twin volcano ( 2.2 km or 1.4 mi apart ) in the northern Sulawesi , Indonesia , roughly 10 km ( 6 mi ) south of Manado .
The Foundation Stone of the Monument to the Early Founders of Singapore , usually called the Early Founders Memorial Stone is a national memorial that is dedicated to the early founders ( `` Unknown Immigrants '' ) of Singapore .
The Afourer Pumped Storage Station is a pumped storage hydroelectric scheme located in the hills above Afourer of Azilal Province , Morocco .
Monte Antelao ( Cadorino dialect : Nantelòu ) is the highest mountain in the eastern Dolomites ( a section of the Alps ) in northeastern Italy , southeast of the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo , in the region of Cadore .
Alter St .- Matthäus - Kirchhof ( Alter Sankt - Matthäus - Kirchhof or Old St. Matthew 's Churchyard ) is a cemetery in Schöneberg , Berlin , Germany .
Santa Cesarea Terme is a town and comune of 3,100 inhabitants in province of Lecce , in Apulia , southern Italy .
Herkale Airport ( ICAO : HDHE ) is an airstrip near the coastal town of Fagal , Djibouti .
Barcice Dolne ( barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
India 's first private air freight station is getting ready to be operational at Irungattukottai and the soft launch of the project took place on 17 July 2015 .
Lac de Mauvoisin is a reservoir in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Boynakər ( also , Boyunagyar , Boynakar , and Boyunakyar ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mowtowr - e Nur Mohammad Khanzehi ( Persian : موتورنورمحمدخانزهي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Nūr Moḩammad Khānzehī ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Lankester Botanical Gardens are a set of gardens outside of Cartago , Costa Rica .
Macarthur Adventist College is a K-12 Christian school situated in the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Fields , Australia .
The Colonial Bank of Issue was a New Zealand state owned bank that operated between 1847 and 1856 in an early unsuccessful attempt to create a government - owned issuer of bank notes in New Zealand .
Upper Rideau Lake is located in the municipality of Rideau Lakes , United Counties of Leeds and Grenville in Eastern Ontario , Canada .
The Lucan portrait of Leonardo da Vinci is a late 15th - early 16th century portrait of a man that was recently discovered in a cupboard of a private house in Italy .
Belcastro ( Latin Bellicastrum ) is a comune , former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Liga Veneta Repubblica ( Łiga Vèneta Republica , Venetian Republic League , LVR ) is a Venetist political party in Veneto , Italy .
Deh Barm ( Persian : ده برم‎ ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Muchalat Inlet is an oceanographic / geographical region on the Western coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
The Manuel Carrascalão House massacre occurred on 17 April 1999 in Dili , East Timor , at the house of East Timorese independence leader Manuel Carrascalão .
Pinkafeld ( Hungarian : Pinkafő , Croatian : Pinkafelj , Slovene : Pinkafel , Romani : Pinkafa ) is a city in Burgenland in Austria and the second largest settlement ( after Oberwart ) in the district Oberwart .
Pcim ( pt͡ɕim ) is a village in Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pik Talgar is a northern peak in the Tian Shan mountain range in Kazakhstan , named after Talgar river and city .
Werben ( Elbe ) is a town in the district of Stendal , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Manerbio is a town and comune in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy , northern Italy .
Mlewo ( ˈmlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mediterranean School of Business is a private business school in Les Berges du Lac in Tunis , Tunisia .
Vardø Church ( Norwegian : Vardø kirke ) is a parish church in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Kangping County ( simplified Chinese : 康平县 ; traditional Chinese : 康平縣 ; pinyin : Kāngpíng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Shenyang , the capital of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Inner Mongolia to the northwest , and is 104 km ( 65 mi ) north of downtown Shenyang .
The Kaohsiung MRT Daliao Station is a terminus on the Orange Line in Daliao District , Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Pelengana ( or Pélengana ) is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
The Shiliin Bogd ( Mongolian : Шилийн богд ) is an extinct volcano in eastern Mongolia .
Kyperounta ( Κυπερούντα ) is a village in Cyprus .
Ångardsvatnet is a lake in Storlidalen , a part of Lønset parishes in Oppdal , ( Norway ) .
Tobarra is a municipality in the province of Albacete in Spain , with a population of c. 8,000 as of 2009 .
Galali ( Arabic : قلالي‎ ) is a small area in the Kingdom of Bahrain , located on Muharraq Island , north of Muharraq City .
Chaltasian ( Persian : چال تاسيان‎ , also Romanized as Chāltāsīān , Chāltāsīyān , Chāltāsīyown , Chāltāsīyūn , and Chātāseyān ) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Purwakarta is a city in the West Java province of Indonesia and the capital of the Purwakarta Regency .
Kailasapuram is a township located 17 km ( 11 mi ) from Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Łapsze Niżne ( ˈwapʂɛ ˈniʐnɛ ) , ( Slovak : Nižné Lapše ) is a village in Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Qızqayıtdı ( also , Kyzgayytdy , Kyzkaity , and Kyzkayty ) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sega World Sydney was an indoor high - tech amusement park that operated for almost four years , in Sydney , Australia .
Megara railway station ( Greek : Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Μεγάρων , Sidirodromikos Stathmos Megaron ) is a railway station in the suburban city of Megara located west of Athens , Greece .
The Libratory is New Zealand 's first dedicated steampunk art gallery and was created by Oamaruvian artist Damien McNamara ( also known under the pseudonym Damotimus Tipotus ) .
Ceres Brewery was a brewery company located in Aarhus , Denmark .
Olvassuo Strict Nature Reserve ( Olvassuon luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve that encompasses 71 square kilometres ( 27 sq mi ) in the Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu regions of Finland .
The Malay Technology Museum ( Malay : Muzium Teknologi Melayu ) is a museum located at Kota Batu , Bandar Seri Begawan , Brunei - Muara District , Brunei .
Uet era Ngermeuangel ( Ngermeuangel Lake , Big Jellyfish Lake ) is a marine lake located on Koror island in Palau .
Kandana is a suburb of Colombo city in Western Province , Sri Lanka , 19 km north of the Colombo city centre fort .
Tocco Caudio is the name of a village and comune in the province of Benevento , in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Đông Sơn drums ( also called Heger Type I drums ) are bronze drums fabricated by the Đông Sơn culture in the Red River Delta of northern Vietnam .
Žadovinek ( pronounced ( ʒadɔˈʋiːnək ) ; in older sources also Zadovinek ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River , east of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Bavarian Forest ( German : Bayerischer Wald ) is a wooded low - mountain region in Bavaria , Germany .
Fuglenes Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Fuglenes fyr ) was a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Hammerfest in Finnmark , Norway .
Gostyń ( ˈɡɔstɨɲ ) ( German : Gostingen ) is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship ( from 1975 to 1998 in Leszno Voivodship ) , in Gostyń County .
Çayönü is a Neolithic settlement in southeastern Turkey inhabited around 7200 to 6600 BC . It is located forty kilometres north - west of Diyarbakır , at the foot of the Taurus mountains .
Benav Cheleh ( Persian : بناوچله‎ , also Romanized as Benāv Cheleh , Banāu Chaleh , and Benūcheleh ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Crnča ( Serbian Cyrillic : Црнча ) is a village in Serbia .
Obolno ( pronounced ( ɔˈboːwnɔ ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Čajetina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чајетина ) is a town and municipality in western Serbia , residing in the Zlatibor District .
The Akbari Sarai is a large saray located in Shahdara Bagh in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Gresvatnet or Grasvatnet ( Southern Sami : Graesiejaevrie ) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden .
Fort William Augustus Parks Canada Canada 's historic places
Nadma ( ˈnadma ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Čelić is a municipality located in the northeastern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gazan - e Sofla ( Persian : گزان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gazān - e Soflá ; also known as Gazān - e Pā’īn , Kazan - e Kūchek , and Qajān ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Taui Bay ( Russian : Тауйская губа ; Tauyskaya Guba ) is a body of water in the Sea of Okhotsk off the coast of the Magadan Oblast in Russia .
Flå Station ( Norwegian : Flå stasjon ) is a train station located in Flå , Norway .
Mercedari Palace or the Palazzo Mercedari is a palace and civic and ethnographical museum in Modica , Italy .
The Provincial Heritage Property designation was announced in 2005 and on July 8 , 2009 the Esterhazy Flour Mill was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada .
Danówek ( daˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Puerto Pailas is a canton and town in the Santa Cruz Department in the South American Andean Republic of Bolivia .
Ruská ( Hungarian : Dobóruszka ) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Kilisa ( Armenian : Քիլիսա ; also , Verin - Kilisa ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Bechyně ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbɛxɪɲɛ ) ) , is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Dancing Forest ( Russian : Танцующий лес ) is a pine forest on the Curonian Spit in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia noted for its unusually twisted trees .
Dievs , svētī Latviju ! ( Latvian pronunciation : ( diɛvs sveːtiː ˈlatviju ) ; God , Bless Latvia ! ) is the national anthem of Latvia .
The Koryo Hotel is the second largest operating hotel in North Korea , the largest being the Yanggakdo Hotel .
Katsiveli ( Ukrainian : Кацівелі ; Russian : Кацивели ; Crimean Tatar : Katsiveli ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
The Austral Building is a broadly English Queen Anne revival building located at 115 - 119 Collins Street , Melbourne , Australia .
Vartholomio ( Greek : Βαρθολομιό ) is a town and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
Kolchak Island belongs to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of the Russian Federation and is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve , the largest nature reserve of Russia .
Fallar ( Persian : فلار‎ , also Romanized as Fallār ) is a village in Rudbar - e Shahrestan Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Wat Phra That Phanom is the sacred precinct of the Phra That Phanom chedi , located in the district of the same name , in the southern part of Nakhon Phanom Province , northeastern Thailand .
Kiełbowo ( kʲɛu̯ˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Badam River ( Kazakh : Бадам ) is a river of southern Kazakhstan .
Ejlstrup is a village , with a population of 1,327 ( 1.January 2014 ) , situated west of Odense , in Funen , Denmark .
The Irabere River , sometimes spelt Irebere River , is a river in East Timor , a country occupying the eastern end of the island of Timor in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Wallacea .
Kalevi Spordihall is a multi - purpose arena in Estonia .
Della Falls is a waterfall in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island and is among the tallest waterfalls in Canada .
Port Walcott ( historically also Tien Tsin Harbour ) is a large open water harbour located on the northwest coast of Western Australia .
Assomada ( in Cape Verdean Creole : Somada ) is a city on the Sotavento ( leeward ) island of Santiago in Cape Verde .
The Blasket Islands ( Na Blascaodaí in Irish - etymology uncertain : it may come from the Norse word `` brasker '' , meaning `` a dangerous place '' ) are a group of islands off the west coast of Ireland , forming part of County Kerry .
Chin Owlak ( Persian : چينولك‎ , also Romanized as Chīn Owl'ak ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Gustav Gerster GmbH & Co. KG is a family - owned company based in Biberach an der Riß , Germany .
Surami ( Georgian : სურამი ) is a small town ( daba ) in Georgia 's Shida Kartli region with the population of 9,800 .
Batala Colony is an area in southern Faisalabad , Pakistan .
Old Herzegovina ( Montenegrin / Serbian : Стара Херцеговина , Stara Hercegovina ) is a historical region in Montenegro , which is not part of the current state of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rolnowo ( rɔlˈnɔvɔ ) ( German Rollnau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist is loc ated in Chinsura , India .
The Cavite National Science High School is a secondary public science high school located in Garita - B ( beside Maragondon Elementary School ) , Maragondon , Cavite in the Philippines .
Fethard - on - Sea or Fethard ( Irish : Fiodh Ard , meaning `` high wood '' ) , is a village in southwest County Wexford in Ireland .
Bandipora ( ˌbændɪˈpɔː ) ( misspelled as Bandipore , Bandipur , Bandipura ) ( Kashmiri : بنڈ پُور,Urdu : بانڈی پور‎ ) is the administrative headquarters of the district of Bandipora in the state of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
The Chihuahuan Desert is a desert , and an ecoregion designation , that straddles the U.S .- Mexico border in the central and northern portions of the Mexican Plateau .
K B Bhabha Hospital ( popularly known as Bhabha Hospital ) is a public hospital in Bandra ( west ) in Mumbai , India .
London Borough of Bromley is south of the River Thames which flows through London , the capital city of the United Kingdom .
The Port of Bridgetown ( officially the Deep Water Harbour ) , ( AMS Seaport Code : 27201 , UN / LOCODE : BB BGI , Port Callsign : 8PB ) is a seaport in Bridgetown on the southwest coast of Barbados .
The Panachaiko ( Greek : Παναχαϊκό , Panachaean `` ) , also known as Vodias ( Βοδιάς ) in the Middle Ages , is a mountain range in Achaea , southern Greece .
Qasemlu ( Persian : قاسملو‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemlū ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rysy ( Slovak : Rysy , Polish pronunciation : ( ˈrɨsɨ ) ; German : Meeraugspitze , Hungarian : Tengerszem - csúcs ) is a mountain in the crest of the High Tatras , lying on the border between Poland and Slovakia .
The Overlander Roadhouse is a petrol service station in Western Australia , between Geraldton and Carnarvon on the North West Coastal Highway .
Drniš ( Italian : Dernis ) is a town in Croatia , located in inland Dalmatia at 43 ° 51′45``N 16 ° 9′20''E halfway between Šibenik and Knin .
The Fukashiro Dam is a gravity dam in the Sagami River system , located 11 km ( 7 mi ) north of Ōtsuki in Yamanashi Prefecture , Japan .
Qorveh - e Darjazin ( Persian : قروه درجزين‎ ) is a city in and capital of Qorveh - e Darjazin District , in Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Stavanger Prison ( Norwegian : Stavanger fengsel ) is a prison , located in Stavanger , Norway The prison was opened in its present form in 2001 .
Chah - e Khoda Morad Ravidal ( Persian : چاه خدامرادرويدل‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Khodā Morād Ravīdal ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gornja Topla Reber ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnja ˈtɔːpla ˈɾeːbəɾ ) ; German : Oberwarmberg ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Goropeke ( pronounced ( ɡɔɾɔˈpeːkɛ ) ; German : Ariopek ) is a small settlement on a hill immediately south of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The G13 Baobab Alliance ( French : Alliance G13 Baobab ) is a political alliance in Benin .
In September 2007 , Oasis signed a record deal with Universal Music Group , and the Lord Do n't Slow Me Down DVD was released by Big Brother Recordings Ltd. in United Kingdom , and Big Brother Recordings Ltd./Universal Music internationally .
Bălan ( German : Kupferbergwerk ; Hungarian : Balánbánya , pronounced ( ˈbɒlaːmbaːɲɒ ) ) is a town in Harghita County , Romania .
Woosong University , is a specialized university , located in Daejeon , South Korea providing a specialized curriculum based on practical foreign - language and high - tech IT education for every major field of study .
Projić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пројић ) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia , near the town of Priboj .
Nadan Mahal Road is a road located in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh in India , that travels through Yahiyaganj . The road is 1.2 kilometres ( 0.75 mi ) in length , it starts at Rakabganj Chauraha and ends at Nakhas Chauraha on Tulsidas Marg .
Åselistraumen Bridge ( Norwegian : Åselistraumen bru ) is a bridge that crosses the Åselistraumen strait in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Kryłów ( ˈkrɨwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Bhaun is a town in Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan 12 kilometres away from the district capital Chakwal .
The Way of Courage ( Lithuanian : Drąsos Kelias ) is a populist political party in Lithuania .
Madina Woula ( also spelled Madina Oula ) is a town in southern Guinea near the border with Sierra Leone .
The Gordon River is a major perennial river located in the central highlands , south - west , and western regions of Tasmania , Australia .
Amri railway station ( Urdu : امری ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Trèves - Cunault is a former town in the department of Maine - et - Loire , France that existed from 1839 to 1973 .
Kampung Pimping is a Brunei ethnic 's village located in Membakut District in the State of Sabah , Malaysia .
The South German Railway Museum ( Süddeutsches Eisenbahnmuseum Heilbronn or SEH ) is a railway museum at Heilbronn in the state of Baden - Württemberg in southwestern Germany .
Panchavarnaswamy Temple ( usually Panjavarnaswamy Temple ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva , located in Woraiyur , a suburb in the town of Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Nevşehir , formerly Muşkara , is a city and the capital district of Nevşehir Province in the Central Anatolia Region of Turkey .
Bakong ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទបាគង ) is the first temple mountain of sandstone constructed by rulers of the Khmer empire at Angkor near modern Siem Reap in Cambodia .
Midreshet Ben - Gurion ( Hebrew : מִדְרֶשֶׁת בֶּן גּוּרְיוֹן ) , also known as Midreshet Sde Boker , is an educational center and boarding school in Sde Boker in the Negev in southern Israel .
The Bletchingly Stakes is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race held under Weight for age conditions , over a distance of 1200 metres at Caulfield Racecourse , Melbourne , Australia annually in July and is the last Group race held in Melbourne each season .
Schwartz Church is a church situated in Thanjavur , India .
The Rossel Mountains are a range of mountains on the island of New Ireland , part of Papua New Guinea .
Kalamnuri comes under Hingoli parliamentary constituency for parliamentary elections of India .
NDR Fernsehen is a regional television channel targeting northern Germany , specifically the states of Schleswig - Holstein , Lower Saxony , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Hamburg and Bremen .
Diu Airport ( IATA : DIU ) is a civilian aerodrome located at Diu in the Union Territory of Daman and Diu , India .
Las Vegas Altas , also known as Vegas Altas del Guadiana , is a comarca in the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain .
Afobaka Airstrip ( ICAO : SMAF ) is an airstrip located near Afobaka , a village in the Brokopondo District of Suriname with one grass runway .
Shu - Te University ( STU ; Chinese : 樹德科技大學 ) is a private university in Yanchao District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Cerro Castillo Dynevor , also known as Castillo Dynevor is located on the Northwest coast of Skyring Sound , in Magallanes Region , Chile .
The Plaza Belgrano is a plaza located in San Miguel de Tucumán , Argentina .
Château de Najac or the royal fortress of Najac is located in Najac , in the Aveyron département , in southern France .
The Karl Marx House museum ( German : Karl - Marx - Haus ) is a writer 's house museum in Trier ( Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany ) .
Scania , also known by its local name Skåne ( pronounced ( ˈskoːˈnɛ ) in Swedish and ( ˈskɛu̯ˈnɛ ) in Scanian ) , is the southernmost province ( landskap ) of Sweden which consists of a peninsula on the southern tip of the Scandinavian Peninsula and some islands close to it .
Kalateh - ye Chaser ( Persian : كلاته چاسر‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Chāser ; also known as Chahsar ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Mekong Airlines was an airline from Cambodia .
Deraz Zamin ( Persian : دراز زمين‎ , also Romanized as Derāz Zamīn ; also known as Derāz Zamīnak ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Čučja Mlaka ( pronounced ( ˈtʃuːtʃja ˈmlaːka ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
While 4AD did not handle any distribution outside the United Kingdom for many years , it had many willing distributors in many countries :
Havelian Cantonment is a cantonment adjacent to Havelian in Abbottabad District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
The initial German Reform Party was established in 1880 by Alexander Pinkert , a Saxony - based antisemite , as a strongly antisemitic and palingenetic party , advocating the elimination of the Jews and the rebirth of Germany .
Smrjene ( pronounced ( ˈsməɾjɛnɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills south of Pijava Gorica in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
Flatruet is a fell in north western Härjedalen , Sweden , between Mittådalen in Härjedalens kommun and Ljungdalen .
Hillview College is a government - assisted Presbyterian secondary school situated on the foothills of the Northern Range at the top of El Dorado Road in Tunapuna , Trinidad and Tobago .
Inti Utka ( Aymara willka , inti sun , utka seat , a place to sit down , `` sun seat '' , hispanicized spelling Intiutca ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Karatoya River ( also spelt Korotoa River ) ( Bengali : করতোয়া নদী ) , a small stream in Rajshahi Division of Bangladesh , was once a large and sacred river .
Rakłowice ( rakwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Rackelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hausen ( Wied ) is a municipality and a spa town in the district of Neuwied , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve is a protected area 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Albany , Western Australia .
The Trümmelbach Falls ( In German : Trümmelbachfälle ) in Switzerland are a series of ten glacier - waterfalls inside the mountain made accessible by tunnel - lift and illuminated .
Te Umanibong or the Kiribati Cultural Museum is a museum in Bikenibeu on the atoll of Tarawa in Kiribati .
Swarzędz ( ˈsfaʐɛnt͡s ) ( German : Schwersenz ) is a town ( miasto ) in central Poland of 29,766 inhabitants and a mixed urban - rural commune ( gmina miejsko - wiejska ) of 40,166 inhabitants ( 2006 estimates ) .
The Sultan 's School is a private secondary school in Seeb , Oman .
Treskavica is a mountain range in Bosnia and Herzegovina , situated in Trnovo municipality just south of city of Sarajevo .
Pataka Art + Museum is a municipal museum and art gallery of Porirua City New Zealand .
The Synagogue of Vesoul was the principal Jewish place of worship in the city of Vesoul , in Haute - Saône , ( France ) ..
Pataveh - ye Delita ( Persian : پاتاوه دلي تا‎ , also Romanized as Paţāveh - ye Delītā ; also known as Pā Ţāveh , Pātāveh , Paţāveh - ye Kameyān , and Peţāveh ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Panguipulli Lake ( Spanish : Lago Panguipulli ; English pronunciation : /ˌpæŋɡiˈpuːji/ PANG - gee - POO - yee ) is one of the `` Seven Lakes '' in Panguipulli municipality , southern Chile .
Qarcheh ( Persian : قرچه‎‎ , also Romanized as Qaracheh ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mrozowa Wola ( mrɔˈzɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Makalom is a small uninhabited island in the Reef Islands , in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu .
Brother Edmund Rice Catholic Secondary School ( equally known as Brother Edmund Rice CSS , BERCSS , Brother Edmund Rice , or Rice ) is a former publicly funded high school in Toronto , Ontario , Canada managed by the Toronto Catholic District School Board .
Wieścice ( vjɛɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gofa Zuria ( Amharic `` Greater Gofa Area '' ) was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Jan Sherud ( Persian : جانشرود‎ , also Romanized as Jān Sherūd ; also known as Jāneshrūh ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Electoral district of Hornsby is an electoral district of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in Australia .
Design Museum of Thessaloniki is a design museum in Thessaloniki , Central Macedonia , Greece .
Elvas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɛɫvɐʃ ) ) is a Portuguese municipality , an episcopal city and frontier fortress of Portugal , located in the district of Portalegre in Alentejo .
Brulin ( ˈbrulin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Jeldzino ( jɛlˈd͡ʑinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khan Baghalachi ( Persian : خان بغلچي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Baghalachī ; also known as Khān Kandī ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Atdarrahsi ( Persian : ات دره سي‎ , also Romanized as Ātdarrahsī ; also known as Ātdarrasī ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Portneuf Wildlife Reserve is located in the province of Quebec ( Canada ) , in the Eastern part of the Capitale - Nationale region .
Panzi Hospital was founded in 1999 in Bukavu , the capital of the Sud - Kivu province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Abbey of Santa Maria della Ferraria was a Cistercian monastery located in Vairano Patenora , Province of Caserta , Italy .
Adam Khan Kili ( Urdu : عدم خان کلی‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Kosančić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Косанчић ) is a village in Serbia .
Vyshestebliyevskaya ( Russian : Вышестеблиевская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Temryuksky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Owkhsar ( Persian : اوخسار‎ , also Romanized as Owkhsār ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kapetan Mitrousi ( Greek : Καπετάν Μητρούσι ) is a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
The Royal Yugoslav Navy ( Serbo - Croatian : Kraljevska Jugoslavenska Ratna Mornarica , Кpaљeвcкa Југословенска Pатна Морнарица ) , was the navy of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Longgang Station ( Chinese : 龍港車站 ; pinyin : Lónggǎng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Coast Line ) located in Houlong Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Burlorne Pillow ( Cornish : Boslowenpolbrogh , meaning `` badger 's pool at Burlorne '' ) is a hamlet in the civil parish of Egloshayle , north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Przesławka ( pʂɛˈswafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Maheshkhali Island is the main island of Maheshkhali Upazila , in the Cox 's Bazar District of Bangladesh .
Eretria ( /əˈriːtriə/ ; Greek : Ερέτρια , Eretria , literally `` city of the rowers '' ) is a town in Euboea , Greece , facing the coast of Attica across the narrow South Euboean Gulf .
Ervenik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ервеник ) is a village and municipality in Šibenik - Knin County , Croatia .
John D'Or Prairie is a First Nations settlement within the John D'Or Prairie 215 Indian reserve in northern Alberta , Canada .
Bunclody ( Irish : Bun Clóidí , meaning `` bottom of the ( river ) Clody '' ) , formerly Newtownbarry ( until 1950 ) , is a small town on the River Slaney in Wexford , Ireland .
The European route E99 or E99 is a European road running from Dəmirçi , Azerbaijan to Akçakale in Turkey on Syrian border .
Eyvanak ( Persian : ايوانك‎ , also Romanized as Eyvānak , Aiwānak , and Ayvanak ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Beit Hanan ( Hebrew : בֵּית חָנָן ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Bavarian Film Awards ( Bayerischer Filmpreis ) have been awarded annually since 1979 by the State Government of Bavaria in Germany for `` exceptional achievement in German filmmaking . ''
Blanch 's Café was a café in Stockholm , Sweden , located in a now demolished building on Hamngatan .
The rock tomb of Fakhrigah ( or Faghragha ) ( Central Kurdish : فەقرەقا ) lies 15 km to the northeast of Mahabad , in West Azerbaijan Province , western Iran .
The Cairns Western Arterial Road is a numbered state route in the Cairns Region of Queensland , Australia .
Lawton Avenue is the main road in Fort Bonifacio , southeastern Metro Manila , Philippines .
Haibach ob der Donau is a municipality in the district of Eferding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria , Austria .
Zdunków ( ˈzduŋkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in northeast - central Poland .
Ferenc Hopp Museum of Asiatic Arts is a art museum in Budapest , Hungary
Cięćk ( t͡ɕent͡ɕk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Eckernförde is a popular tourist destination in northern Germany .
Ughoton ( or Gwato ) is a town in Nigeria 's Edo State .
Qaleqan ( Persian : قالقان‎ , also Romanized as Qāleqān and Qālqān ; also known as Ghaleghan ) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Thudupathi ( Tamil : துடுப்பதி ) is a town in the taluk of Perundurai in the district of Erode in Tamil Nadu , India .
Duiker Island or Duikereiland ( Afrikaans ) , also known as Seal Island ( not to be confused with the nearby Seal Island ) , is an island off Hout Bay near Cape Town South Africa .
Milovice u Hořic is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic .
Golovkin 's dacha ( Russian : Дача Головкина , also known as the Elephant House , Russian : Дом со слонами ) is an unorthodox residential mansion ( `` dacha '' ) designed and constructed by Konstantin Golovkin , a merchant , entrepreneur and self - taught artist , in Samara , Russia during the period 1908 - 1909 .
The Parthe is a river in Saxony , Germany , right tributary of the White Elster .
Kibirigwi is a settlement in Kenya 's Kirinyaga County of the former Central Province .
Djurgårdsbrunnsviken is a bay in central Stockholm , Sweden , together with the canal Djurgårdsbrunnskanalen forming the northern shore line of the island Djurgården ( or more correctly between Northern and Southern Djurgården ) .
Al - Turantaiyah Madrasa ( Arabic : المدرسة الطُّرنطائيَّة‎ ) is a madrasah complex in Aleppo , Syria .
Al - Mansorah ( also spelled Al - Mansoora or Al - Mansoorah ) ( Arabic : المنصورة ) , is a town in eastern region of Saudi Arabia and one of eastern towns and villages in Al - Ahsa .
The Institute of Criminology and Criminal Justice is a division of the Faculty of Public Affairs at Carleton University in Ottawa , Canada .
Trbovlje ( pronounced ( təɾˈbɔ̀ːwljɛ ) ; German : Trifail ) is Slovenia 's ninth largest town , and the seat of the Municipality of Trbovlje .
The Tornado Tower , also called the QIPCO Tower , is a skyscraper in Doha , Qatar .
Kapp Linné Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Kapp Linné fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Wonder Mountain 's Guardian ( also known as Guardian or WMG ; during Halloween Haunt known as Zombies 4D ) is a 4D , interactive dark ride roller coaster at the Canada 's Wonderland amusement park located in Vaughan , Ontario , Canada .
Ullumani ( Aymara ulluma Ullucus tuberosus , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with ulluma '' ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,428 metres ( 14,528 ft ) high .
Sihala is a town and union council in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan , situated to the east of Islamabad , the Pakistani capital .
The Washi Dam is a dam in the city of Ōno in Fukui Prefecture of Japan .
The Golden Pride Gold Mine is an open pit gold mine located in Nzega district of the Tabora Region of Tanzania .
Mount Narodnaya ( also known as Naroda and Poenurr ; Russian : Гора Народная , На'рода-Из ; `` People 's Mountain '' ) is the highest peak of the Urals in Russia .
Dalaborg is a ruined castle in Sweden .
Qazipur ( Urdu : قاضی پور‎ ) is one of the 44 union councils , administrative subdivisions , of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
University of East Sarajevo ( UES ) is a public university in the east the city of East Sarajevo , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mowtowr - e Esmailabad ( Persian : موتوراسماعيل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Esmāʿīlābād ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Reckange - sur - Mess ( Luxembourgish : Reckeng op der Mess , German : Reckingen ) is a commune and small town in south - western Luxembourg .
Alavus Airfield is an airfield in Alavus , Finland , about 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ; 2 mi ) southwest of Alavus town centre .
The Embassy of Poland in Oslo is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Poland to the Kingdom of Norway , the ambassador , however , is also accredited to the Republic of Iceland .
Ağdam ( also , Agdam and Akna ) is a ghost town in the southwest part of Azerbaijan and the capital of its Agdam District .
Forcella Staulanza ( el . 1773 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in the province of Belluno in Italy .
Gove Airport ( IATA : GOV , ICAO : YPGV ) is on the Gove Peninsula in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Volnovakha ( Ukrainian : Волноваха ) is a small city of district significance in Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Suplac ( Hungarian : Külüllőszéplak ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkykylːøːseːplɒk ) , meaning `` nice place on the river Küküllő '' ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania which is composed of five villages :
Cooerwull railway station was a railway station on the Main Western railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Darzikola - ye Akhund - e Baba ( Persian : درزيكلااخوندبابا‎ , also Romanized as Darzīkolā - ye Ākhūnd - e Bābā ; also known as Darzīkolā - ye Ākhūndī ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Van Ferit Melen Airport ( IATA : VAN , ICAO : LTCI ) is an airport in Van , the city in eastern region of Turkey .
The Westgate Pedestrian and Cycle Bridge is a motorway overbridge crossing the Northwestern Motorway near Westgate in Auckland , New Zealand .
The Dragoman marsh is the biggest natural karst wetland in Bulgaria .
Lago di Fiastra is a reservoir in the province of Macerata in the Marche region of Italy .
Cho - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dong , Euljiro 3 , 4 , 5-dong .
The Peninsula Tokyo is a 24 story luxury skyscraper hotel located in Yurakucho , Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan .
The Government Navy ( Gouvernementsmarine or GM ) was a Dutch naval force which stemmed from the Colonial Navy in the former Dutch East Indies .
FC Levadia Tallinn , commonly known as Levadia Tallinn , or simply as Levadia , is a professional football club , based in Tallinn , Estonia .
Mazraeh - ye Farj Flamarzy ( Persian : مزرعه فرج فلامرزئ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Farj Flāmarzy ) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Małoszywka ( mawɔˈʂɨfka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pas Kalut Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پس كلوت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The University of Picardie Jules Verne ( French Université de Picardie Jules Verne ) is a university located in Amiens , France , and is under the Academy of Amiens .
Matla Power Station in Mpumalanga , South Africa , is a coal - fired power plant operated by Eskom and consuming the output from the Matla coal mine .
Piskon ( Yaghnobi Пискон ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Branew ( ˈbranɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wadi Yaroun , Wadi Yarun , Wadi Jarun , Wadi Hanine , Jarun or Jareon is a wadi located south of Ain Ebel in the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon .
The Bangali River ( Bengali : বাঙালি নদী ) is one of the main rivers in the northern part of Bangladesh ( commonly known as North Bengal ) .
Øyfjell is a village in Vinje municipality , Norway .
Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سيدابراهيم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zarrinabad District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Dogwood Creek is a creek in the Maranoa Region , Queensland , Australia .
Trucios - Turtzioz ( Turtzioz in Basque ; Trucios in Spanish ; Trucíos in Cantabrian ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country , northern Spain , surrounded by other municipalities of Biscay and Cantabria .
FC Vaajakoski is an active sports club from Jyväskylä in Finland .
London Guildhall University was a university in the United Kingdom from 1992 to 2002 .
Göktepe ( former Fariske ) is a belde ( town ) in Karaman Province , Turkey .
Subijana - Morillas is a town located in the municipality of Ribera Alta / Erriberagoitia in the province of Álava ( Araba ) , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
The Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant ( 秦山核电站 ) is a multi - unit nuclear plant under construction in Qinshan Town , Haiyan County , Zhejiang , the People 's Republic of China .
Blönduós is a town and municipality in the north of Iceland .
Rush and Lusk railway station ( Irish : Stáisiún Ros Eó agus Lusca ) serves the towns of Rush and Lusk in County Dublin , Ireland .
Stará Lesná or `` Old Forest '' is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region in north - central Slovakia .
The Alliance for Work , Justice and Education ( in Spanish : Alianza para el Trabajo , la Justicia y la Educación ) was a party coalition in Argentina around the turn of the third millennium .
Asadiyeh ( Persian : اسديه‎ , also Romanized as Asadīyeh ) is a city in Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Makeliyawala is a village in Sri Lanka , which is located within Central Province .
Overboelare Airfield ( ICAO : EBGG ) is a private use airport located near Geraardsbergen , East Flanders , Belgium .
Roztocze ( Ukrainian : Розточчя , Roztochia ) is a range of hills in east - central Poland and western Ukraine which rises from the Lublin Upland and extends southeastward through Solska Wilderness and across the border into Ukrainian Podolia .
Mishmar HaSharon ( Hebrew : מִשְׁמַר הַשָּׁרוֹן , lit . Guard of the Sharon ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
Vrh pri Mlinšah ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈmliːnʃax ) ) is a settlement west of Mlinše in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Fort Srebrna Góra or Srebrnogórska Fortress ( German : Festung Silberberg , lit . Silver Mountain Fort ) is a former military fort , now a monument and a museum , located in the town of Srebrna Góra ( lit . Silver Mountain ) , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
Varinjam Sree Subramanya Swamy Temple is a famous Lord Murugan Temple which is just 3.6 km from Chathannoor , Kollam , Kerala , India .
Nabi Jan ( Persian : نبي جان‎ , also Romanized as Nabī Jān ; also known as Nyabidzhan ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Puchar Ministra Obrony Narodowej is a bicycle race held in Poland .
Chacras de Dolores , which means `` Ranches of Dolores '' , is a populated rural area almost entirely surrounding the city of Dolores in the Soriano Department of western Uruguay .
Çamiçi High Plateau is a plateau in Turkey .
Gumare or Gomare is a rural village located in the North - West District of Botswana , near the Okavango Delta .
MV Reef Endeavour built in Suva Fiji and was the first ship to contact the Great Barrier Reef as an attraction , in 1996 , an important milestone for tourism in Australia .
Yeonji Park Station ( Hangul : 장신대역 ; hanja : 長神大驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Samgye - dong , Gimhae , South Korea .
The Mụ Giạ Pass ( Đèo Mụ Giạ , Quảng Bình ) is a mountain pass in the Annamite Range between northern Vietnam and Laos , located 90 km northwest of Đồng Hới , Vietnam .
Biju Patnaik International Airport ( IATA : BBI , ICAO : VEBS ) , also known as Bhubaneswar Airport , is situated in the city of Bhubaneswar , Odisha , India .
Mogod ( Mongolian : Могод ) is a sum ( district ) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia .
The Gulf of Venice is a gulf that borders modern - day Italy , Slovenia and Croatia , and is at the north of the Adriatic Sea between the delta of the Po river in northern Italy and the Istria peninsula in Croatia .
Rumiqullqa ( Quechua rumi stone , qullqa , qulqa deposit , storehouse , `` stone deposit '' , hispanicized spelling Rumicolca ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Hariharalaya ( Khmer : ហរិហរាល័យ ) was an ancient city and capital of the Khmer empire located near Siem Reap , Cambodia in an area now called Roluos .
The Chuvash Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic ( Chuvash : Чăваш Автономлă Совет Социаллă Республики ; Russian : Чувашская Автономная Советская Социалистическая Республик ) was an Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Soviet Union .
Feldmeilen is a village ( Wacht ) within the municipality of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Mühleholz is a village of Liechtenstein , located to the south of Schaan along the Swiss border .
Carrigaline ( Irish : Carraig Uí Leighin , meaning `` rock of Ó Leighin '' ) is a commuter town in County Cork , Ireland .
Hoài Thượng is a commune ( xã ) in Thuận Thành District , Bắc Ninh Province , in northeastern Vietnam .
The Teufelsteich was one of the oldest reservoirs in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
The Princess Grace Hospital Centre ( French : Le Centre Hospitalier Princesse Grace ) is a hospital located in Monaco .
Bartoszyce ( bartɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( former German name : Bartenstein ) ( listen ) ) is a town on the Łyna ( German : Alle ) River in northeastern Poland with 25,621 inhabitants ( as of 2004 ) .
As of February 2015 , approximately 94,531,000 households ( 81.2 % of those with television ) receive MSNBC within the United States of America .
Wandering River is a hamlet in Alberta , Canada within Athabasca County .
Ali Najat ( Persian : علي نجات‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Najāt ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Alavoneh ( Persian : علاونه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alāvoneh ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 732 , in 94 families .
Stanojevići is a village in Herzegovina , in Čapljina municipality , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ravenna ( Italian pronunciation : ( raˈvɛnna ) , also ( raˈvenna ) ; Romagnol : Ravêna ) is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna , in the Emilia - Romagna region of Italy .
Jerash University or Jerash Private University ( Arabic : جامعة جرش الخاصة ) is the only university in Jerash Governorate , Jordan , located about 5 km from Jerash city center .
Horná Kráľová ( Hungarian : Felsökirályi ) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District , in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Lubska ( ˈlupska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dronningegården is a Modernist residential complex in central Copenhagen , Denmark , consisting of four L - shaped buildings defining an urban space around the intersection of Adelgade and Dronningens Tværgade .
Laguna Glaciar ( Spanish for `` glacial lake '' ) is a lake in the Larecaja Province , La Paz Department , Bolivia .
The Darwin Entertainment Centre is the city 's main concert venue and hosts theatre and orchestral performances in Darwin , Australia .
Svelgen Chapel ( Norwegian : Svelgen kapell ) is a chapel in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Organización Soriana is a Mexican public company and a major retailer in Mexico with more than 606 stores .
Echarlens ( Arpitan : Tsèrlin ) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Brockville , formerly Elizabethtown , is a city in Eastern Ontario , Canada in the Thousand Islands region .
Dieksanderkoog , formerly Adolf - Hitler - Koog was new land ( 1,330 hectares , or 3,285 acres ) created by dikes as a Work Creation measure in Dithmarschen , Germany during the Nazi era .
The 1920 Gori earthquake hit the Democratic Republic of Georgia on 20 February at 15:45 local time .
Heftziba ( Hebrew : חֶפְצִיבָּהּ ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
The Canadian International Dragon Boat Festival or Rio Tinto Alcan Dragon Boat Festival takes place every June on the waters and shoreside of False Creek in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Prague astronomical clock , or Prague orloj ( Czech : Pražský orloj ( praʃskiː orloj ) ) , is a medieval astronomical clock located in Prague , the capital of the Czech Republic .
Skotoussa ( Greek : Σκοτούσσα , Bulgarian : Просеник , Prosenik ) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
That same weekend , The Ennis Sisters received a two - album record deal from Warner Music Canada .
The Hospicio Cabañas in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico , a World Heritage Site , is one of the oldest and largest hospital complexes in the Americas .
Grenaa station ( Danish : Grenaa Banegård ) is a railway station serving the town of Grenaa , Denmark .
Cheyres ( Arpitan : Tsêre or Tsàrè ) is a municipality in the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Bacchi Wapen was a high - end music venue and restaurant in Järntorgsgatan , Gamla stan , Stockholm , Sweden .
Wandopol ( vanˈdɔpɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dadda'to is a village in Djibouti , located in the region of Obock .
Karolinska Institutet ( KI , unofficially known as the Karolinska Institute and in older English texts as the Royal Caroline Institute ) is a medical university in Solna within the Stockholm urban area , Sweden , and one of the largest and most prestigious medical universities in the world .
Krimml is a municipality in the federal state of Salzburg , Austria , in the Pinzgau region .
Gerakas ( Greek : Γέρακας ) is a town and a former municipality in East Attica , Greece .
Lago di Cei , in German Cei See or Zeil See , is a lake in the comune of Villa Lagarina , not far from Rovereto in Trentino , northern Italy .
Tanoshimi was the United Kingdom arm of US publisher Random House and was responsible for the publication of their English Language Manga titles .
Alistair Knox Park is a park in Eltham , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , named after Alistair Knox , a local famous architect who specialized in mud brick .
Parkes Airport ( IATA : PKE , ICAO : YPKS ) is an airport located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) northeast of Parkes , New South Wales , Australia .
Adamkayalar ( literally `` man - rocks '' ) is a location in Mersin Province , Turkey famous for rock carved figures .
The Hao River is a river of Thailand and part of the Chao Phraya River basin .
Diaporos Island is an island of about one and a half square miles in the Singitic Gulf , Chalkidiki , northern Greece .
Cheshmeh - ye Mirza Hoseyn ( Persian : چشمه ميرزاحسين‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Mīrzā Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pietkowo ( pjɛtˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bergamo ( Italian : ( ˈbɛrɡamo ) listen ; Lombard : Bèrghem , listen ) is a city in Lombardy , Italy .
Pamulang is a district in the city of South Tangerang , Banten , Indonesia .
Kashan ( Persian : کاشان‎‎ , also Romanized as Kāshān ; also known as Kachan ) is a city in and the capital of Kashan County , in the province of Isfahan , Iran .
Ghizer District is the westernmost part of the Gilgit - Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Mandrofify or Manorofify is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Kaftarak ( Persian : كفترك‎ ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Christelijk Gymnasium Utrecht is a Dutch grammar school in Utrecht , in the Netherlands .
Monbulk College is a co - educational secondary school located in Monbulk , Victoria , Australia .
The Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology is a research institute of the Max Planck Society located in Martinsried , a suburb of Munich in Germany .
Escan Tower is a mixed use approved skyscrape to be built along Sheikh Zayed Road , in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Chervonopartyzansk ( Ukrainian : Червонопартизанськ , Russian : Червонопартизанск ) is a city in Sverdlovsk Municipality , Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Altranstädt is a village in Saxony , Germany , now part of the Markranstädt district of Leipzig .
Kramarzyny ( kramaˈʐɨnɨ ) ( German : Kremerbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mituva is a river in the western part of Lithuania ( Raseiniai and Jurbarkas districts ) .
Tošin Bunar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тошин Бунар ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Coober Pedy is a town in northern South Australia , 846 kilometres north of Adelaide on the Stuart Highway .
Cogetinci ( pronounced ( ˈtsoːɡɛtintsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia .
Dolenja Nemška Vas ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈneːmʃka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Dolenja Nemška vas ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Chitake River flows through the Mana Pools National Park , Zimbabwe , and has its source in the Zambezi Escarpment .
Cerro Macá is a stratovolcano located to the north of the Aisén Fjord and to the east of the Moraleda Channel , in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile .
Chocoyero - El Brujo Natural Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Natural El Chocoyero - El Brujo ) is located in the municipality of Ticuantepe in the Managua department of Nicaragua .
Ksalon ( Hebrew : כְּסָלוֹן ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Mount Apo is a large solfataric , potentially active stratovolcano in the island of Mindanao , Philippines .
Qestorat is a community of the former Lunxhëri municipality in the Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Türkan ( also , Turkyany , Tyurkend , Tyurkyan , and Tyurkyany ) is a settlement and municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Dobje pri Planini ( pronounced ( ˈdoːbjɛ pɾi plaˈniːni ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia .
Unorganized Rainy River District is an unorganized area in the Rainy River District of Ontario , Canada , comprising all communities in the district which are not part of incorporated municipalities .
The Zakopane - Gubałówka transmitter ( Polish designation : RTON Gubałówka ) is a facility for FM- and TV - transmission on the Gubałówka mountain at Zakopane , Poland .
Chalsara ( Persian : چال سرا‎ , also Romanized as Chālsarā and Chāl Sarā ) is a village in Alishervan Rural District , in the Sivan District of Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Central Sava Statistical Region ( Slovene : Zasavska statistična regija ) is a statistical region in Slovenia .
Ustren ( Bulgarian : Устрен ) is a village in the Kardzhali Province , southern Bulgaria .
Vanylvsfjorden is a fjord in western Norway , on the border of Sogn og Fjordane and Møre og Romsdal counties .
Telmen Lake ( Mongolian : Тэлмэн нуур ) is a saltwater lake in Zavkhan , Mongolia .
Qasr Tuba is an Umayyad qasr or castle in the Amman Governorate of northern Jordan .
Mount Nebo ( Arabic : جبل نيبو‎ Jabal Nībū ; Hebrew : הַר נְבוֹ‎ Har Nevo ) is an elevated ridge in Jordan , approximately 817 metres ( 2,680 ft ) above sea level , mentioned in the Hebrew Bible as the place where Moses was granted a view of the Promised Land .
Lauca is a Biosphere Reserve , located in northern Chile , in Arica y Parinacota Region .
Mefalsim ( Hebrew : מְפַלְּסִים , lit . Road pavers ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
Puerto Deseado , originally called Port Desire , is a city of about 15,000 inhabitants and a fishing port in Patagonia in Santa Cruz Province of Argentina , on the estuary of the Deseado River .
Trzciel - Odbudowa ( ˈtʂt͡ɕel ɔdbuˈdɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Uiwang Station ( Station P152 ) is a ground - level metro station on line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Uiwang , South Korea .
Subate ( pronunciation ; German : Subbath ) , population 964 , is a town in Latvia near the border with Lithuania .
Nosy Alañaña Light , also known as Île aux Prunes Light ( French : Phare de l'Île aux Prunes ) , is an active lighthouse in Île aux Prunes , Toamasina Province , Madagascar .
Mouanko is a town and commune in the Littoral Region of Cameroon , lying on the north bank of the Sanaga River .
The Canton of Hédé is a former canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in the northeast of the department .
Paris Dauphine University ( French : Université Paris - Dauphine ) , often referred to as Paris Dauphine or Dauphine is a public research and higher education institution in Paris , France .
Ratchadamnoen Avenue ( Thai : ถนนราชดำเนิน , pronounced ( râːt.tɕʰa.dām.nɤ̄ːn ) , also spelled Rajdamnern ) is a historic road in the Phra Nakhon and Dusit Districts of Bangkok , Thailand .
Montréal / Boisvert & Fils Water Airport ( TC LID : CSA4 ) is located on the River des Prairies , near Montreal , Quebec , Canada and is open from May until the middle of November .
Bengassou ( also spelled Bingassou ) is a town in east - central Ivory Coast .
Mishmar HaEmek ( Hebrew : מִשְׁמַר הָעֵמֶק , lit . Guardian of the Valley ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Luigerahu is a small , moraine - based Baltic Sea island that belongs to the country of Estonia .
Scout Creek , an urban gully that is part of the Parramatta River catchment , is located in Northern Suburbs region of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Wasseiges is a Walloon municipality located in the province of Liège , in Belgium .
Colonia Tabacalera is a colonia or neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City , on the western border of the city 's historic center .
Yamnytsia ( Ukrainian : Ямниця ) is a village of Tysmenytsia Raion , Ukraine , just few miles north from Ivano - Frankivsk .
Daegu University of Foreign Studies is a university of Foreign Studies in Gyeongsan , North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
Simskardvatnet ( Southern Sami : Sijdurrienjaevrie ) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county , Norway .
The Municipality of Cerknica ( Slovene : Občina Cerknica ) is a municipality in the Karst region of southwestern Slovenia , with a population of 11,350 in 2012 .
Singi Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Singi - dong , Dong District , Daegu , South Korea .
Bedburg - Hau is a municipality in the district of Cleves in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Mount Simeon or Mount Simon ( Arabic : جبل سمعان‎ Jabal Semʻān ( ˈd͡ʒæbæl sæmˈʕaːn ) ) , also called Mount Laylūn ( Arabic : جبل ليلون‎ ) , is a highland region in Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria .
Borden Island is an uninhabited , low - lying island in the Queen Elizabeth Islands of northern Canada .
Posyet ( Russian : Посье́т ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Khasansky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia , and an ice - free port on the Possiet Bay .
Ińsko ( ˈiɲskɔ ) ( German : Nörenberg ; Kashubian : Nerbarg ) is a town in Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Ayni District , also Aini District ( Tajik : Nohiya - i Ayni , Ноҳияи Айнӣ ; Persian : ناحیۀ عینی‎‎ ) , is a district in the southern part of Sughd province , Tajikistan , straddling the middle course of the Zeravshan River .
Zabolotsi ( Ukrainian : Заболотці ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Kalatak Sar ( Persian : كلاتك سر‎ , also Romanized as Kalātak Sar ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ko Lanta Yai ( Thai : เกาะลันตาใหญ่ ) is in the Andaman Sea off the west coast of Thailand , between the Phi Phi Islands and the mainland .
Elmvale , Ontario is a rural town in Springwater Township , Ontario , Canada .
Kronotsky ( Russian : Кроноцкая сопка , Kronotskaya Sopka ) is a major stratovolcano of the Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Sutton Bridge and the surrounding area has recently seen an influx of new residents , mostly from the southern part of the United Kingdom .
Kraainem ( Dutch : ( ˈkraːjnɛm ) ; French : Crainhem , pronounced : ( kʁeˈnɛm ) ) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
In 1905 , Vauxhall Motors opened the largest car plant in the United Kingdom in Luton .
Nizhnyaya Tura ( Russian : Ни́жняя Тура ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Tura River ( Ob 's basin ) , 254 kilometers ( 158 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg .
Gnangara Road is an arterial east - west road in Perth , Australia .
Nunawading Christian College is a private coeducational Christian school located in Nunawading , Victoria , Australia .
Niedzica ( ɲeˈd͡ʑit͡sa ) , is a resort town in Nowy Targ County of Lesser Poland province , Poland , located on the banks of Czorsztyn lake .
Tao - Rusyr Caldera ( Russian : Тао-Русыр ) is a stratovolcano located at the southern end of Onekotan Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Morter is a subdivision of the municipality of Latsch in South Tyrol , Italy .
Plozévet ( Breton : Plozeved ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Yvonand is a municipality in the district of Jura - Nord Vaudois ( former Yverdon ) of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
The José Martí Memorial ( Spanish : Monumento a José Martí ) is a memorial to José Martí , a national hero of Cuba , located on the northern side of the Plaza de la Revolución in the Vedado area of Havana .
Tumanyan Park ( Armenian : Թումանյան Այգի ) is a public park in the Ajapnyak district of Yerevan , Armenia .
The Kore University of Enna is the newest Sicilian university : in fact , it 's the first university founded in Sicily after the unification of Italy , and it was founded 200 years after the foundation of the last Sicilian university , the University of Palermo .
Avao is a village on the north central coast of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Aluemeri ( Finnish ) , Territorialhavet ( Swedish ) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Al - Shamiyah ( Arabic : الشامية‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia .
Kakhovka ( Ukrainian : Каховка , Russian : Кахо́вка ) is a port city on the Dnieper River in the Kherson Oblast ( province ) of southern Ukraine .
Samegrelo / Samargalo or Megrelia , Mingrelia ( Georgian : სამეგრელო Samegrelo ; Mingrelian : სამარგალო Samargalo ) is a historic province in the western part of Georgia , formerly also known as Odishi .
Varstu is a small borough ( alevik ) in Varstu Parish , Võru County in southeastern Estonia .
Štrba is a village in the Poprad District , Prešov Region , northern Slovakia .
The Florence American Cemetery and Memorial is about 7.5 miles ( 12 kilometers ) south of Florence , Italy , about two miles ( 3 km ) south of the Florence - Impruneta exit of the Rome - Milan autoroute .
The Caribbean Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) is a public radio and television broadcaster , located in Barbados .
Mazraeh - ye Morad Heydari ( Persian : مزرعه مرادحيدري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Morād Ḩeydarī ) is a village in Hana Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Lake Lanao ( Maranao : Ranao or Ranaw ) is a large lake in the Philippines , located in Lanao del Sur province in the country 's southern island of Mindanao .
Lázně Libverda ( German : Bad Liebwerda ) is a spa village in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Akkol District ( Kazakh : Ақкөл ауданы ) is a district ( audan ) of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Schönhausen Palace ( German : Schloss Schönhausen ) is a Baroque palace at Niederschönhausen , in the borough of Pankow , Berlin , Germany .
Šiljkovići ( Cyrillic : Шиљковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Əvçədulan ( also , Avchadulan ) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
' Îlot du Diable is a gun battery built to support fort de la Fraternité in the defensive system around the goulet de Brest in France .
Baconao Park is a large park region , located about 60 kilometers away from the city of Santiago de Cuba , with a total surface of 848.57 km2 ( 327.63 sq mi ) .
The Howick Island is the southernmost and an uninhabited island in the Howick Group National Park that is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Indeed , many Lumix models are fitted with Leica lenses ( e.g. Nocticron or Elmarit lenses ) , designed by Leica 's German optical engineers , and are assembled in Japan .
Battle River - Wainwright is a provincial electoral district in rural central east Alberta , Canada .
The World Film Festival of Bangkok ( Thai : เทศกาลภาพยนตร์โลกแห่งกรุงเทพฯ ) is an annual international film festival held between October & November in Bangkok , Thailand .
Abasin Arts Council ( formerly Abasin Arts Society ) is an art gallery and exhibition centre in Peshawar , Pakistan .
Gondang Dam is located at Sugio , a sub - district of Lamongan , Indonesia .
Ñumí ( Guaraní : Ñumi ) is a district of the Guairá Department , Paraguay .
Kemili ( Persian : كميلي‎ , also Romanized as Kemīlī ; also known as Kemmelī ) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lipa Nowa ( ˈlipa ˈnɔva ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Waioeka River is found in the north of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Museum of the Orient ( Portuguese : Museu do Oriente ) in Lisbon , Portugal celebrates the history of Portuguese exploration with a collection of Asian artifacts .
The Ted Smout Memorial Bridge is a road and pedestrian bridge in Brisbane , Australia , the third bridge crossing Bramble Bay ( the first being the now demolished Hornibrook Bridge ) .
Sudden Death Records arrived in Canada 's burgeoning punk scene in 1978 .
Tinson Pen Aerodrome ( IATA : KTP , ICAO : MKTP ) in Kingston , Jamaica is the largest of Jamaica 's three domestic airports .
The Llobregat ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʎuβɾəˈɣat ) ) is the second longest river in Catalonia , Spain .
Val d'Oust is a commune in the Morbihan department of western France , named after the river Oust .
Anou Achra Lemoun is a cave of Djurdjura in Algeria .
The Bundesstraße 26 or Federal Highway 26 , ( abbreviation : B 26 ) runs between the city of Riedstadt at the B44 , to the city of Hallstadt , at the Bundesautobahn 70 , A70 in Germany .
Zachkan ( Persian : زاچكان‎ , also Romanized as Zāchkān ; also known as Zaikān , Zājkān , Zāj Kand , Zāj Kandī , Z̄āker , and Zaykan ) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Aviano railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Aviano ) is a railway station serving the city of Aviano , Italy .
Losada River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( loˈsaða ) ) is a river of Colombia .
Orašje Zubci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Орашје Зубци ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Malaulalo is an uninhabited island in the Solomon Islands ; it is the central one of the Olu Malau ( Three Sisters ) Islands located in Makira - Ulawa Province .
Gjavato ( Macedonian : Ѓавато ) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia
It is possible Stridon was located either in modern Croatia or Slovenia .
Samogitia or Žemaitija ( Samogitian : Žemaitėjė ; Lithuanian : Žemaitija ; literally `` lowlands '' ) is one of the five ethnographic regions of Lithuania .
Apple River Airport ( TC LID : CCA7 ) was located 1.5 NM ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) west of Apple River , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Magozd ( pronounced ( ˈmaːɡɔst ) ; Italian : Magosti ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Savski Venac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Савски Венац , pronounced ( sâːv̞skiː v̞ě̞ːnat͡s ) ) is one of 17 city municipalities which constitute the City of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Schmalkalden ( German pronunciation : ( ʃmalˈkaldən ) ) is a town in the Schmalkalden - Meiningen district , in the southwestern portion of Thuringia state in Germany .
Novomichurinsk ( Russian : Новомичу́ринск ) is a town in Pronsky District of Ryazan Oblast , Russia , located on the Pronya River 85 kilometers ( 53 mi ) south of Ryazan , the administrative center of the oblast .
Oblikë ( also known as Oblikë e Madhe and Oblikë e Poshtëme ) is a settlement in the former Ana e Malit municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Commune of Kigamba is a commune of Cankuzo Province in north - eastern Burundi .
Ananda Mohan College is a national university affiliated university college of Bangladesh situated in the town of Mymensingh .
The Cégep de Rivière - du - Loup is a college - level educational institution established in 1969 in Rivière - du - Loup , Quebec , Canada .
The Pakri Peninsula extends from northwestern mainland Estonia 's Harju County into the Baltic Sea .
Klang Plaza ( Thai : คลังพลาซ่า ) is a local department store in Nakhon Ratchasima , Thailand .
The University of Manchester has 25 Nobel laureates among its past and present students and staff , the fourth - highest number of any single university in the United Kingdom .
The Lucian Blaga University of Sibiu ( Romanian : Universitatea `` Lucian Blaga '' din Sibiu ) is a public university in Sibiu , Romania .
The Estádio Dr. Magalhães Pessoa ( English : Dr. Magalhães Pessoa Stadium ) is a football stadium in Leiria , Portugal , built as a venue for the UEFA Euro 2004 finals held in Portugal .
Sveta Marija is a village and a municipality in Međimurje County , Croatia .
The Blatnica Valley ( Slovak : Blatnická dolina ) is a karst valley in the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia .
Gautam Budha Wildlife Sanctuary ( also spelled Gautam Buddha ) is a wildlife sanctuary located in Gaya district of Bihar state and Hazaribagh district of Jharkhand state in east - central India .
Pertamina Energy Tower is a 99-story , 530-metre ( 1,740 ft ) skyscraper under construction in Jakarta , Indonesia , which will be the tallest building in Indonesia upon completion .
Phunom is a town in Tiddim Township , Chin State , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Zemono ( pronounced ( zɛˈmoːnɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley north of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The River Dard is a short ( 2.1 km ) tributary of the River Seille in the department of Jura in France .
Subbiano is a small town and comune ( municipality ) in Tuscany , central Italy , on the left bank of the River Arno .
Bilyuin Pool is a permanent pool located about 90 kilometres north of Meekatharra in central Western Australia , and the far upper reaches of the Murchison River .
Klagenfurt Airport ( IATA : KLU , ICAO : LOWK ) , also known as Kärnten Airport , is the airport of Klagenfurt , the sixth - largest city in Austria .
Poskær Stenhus is the largest round barrow in Denmark , dating back to 3.300 B.C. , located by the village Knebel on the hilly southern part of the peninsula , Djursland , at the entrance to The Baltic Sea between Denmark and Sweden in Northern Europe .
Ravne Castle ( Slovene : Grad Ravne , German : Streiteben ) is a castle near the town of Ravne na Koroškem , in the Carinthia region of northern Slovenia .
Schlachtkapelle ( lit . `` battle chapel '' ) is a term used in Switzerland for a chapel dedicated to the memory of one of the battles of the Old Swiss Confederacy .
Viile Satu Mare ( Hungarian : Szatmárhegy , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsɒtmaːrhɛɟ ) ) is a commune of 2,356 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Pencran ( Breton : Penn - ar - C'hrann ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Mengo Hospital , also known as Namirembe Hospital , is a hospital in Kampala , the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country .
When forces loyal to Miguel I of Portugal ( 1828 - -1834 ) made landfall between the Fort of the Port and Fort of the Espírito Santo , they were impeded from advancing by a small Liberal contingent .
Achajur ( Armenian : Աչաջուր , also Romanized as Ačajur , Achadjur , and Achadzhur ; formerly , Achasu ) is a village in the Tavush province of Armenia .
Ľudovítová is a small village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
The Tanagro ( Tanàgro ) or Negro is a river of the Province of Salerno , southwestern Italy .
Koh Ker ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទកោះកេរ្ដិ៍ ) is a remote archaeological site in northern Cambodia about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) away from Siem Reap and the ancient site of Angkor .
Aluch ( Persian : الوچ‎ , also Romanized as Ālūch ; also known as Ālūj ) is a village in Meshgin - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Preetz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpʁeːts ) ) is a town in the district of Plön , in Schleswig - Holstein , Northern Germany .
Hasselager is a small suburban area in the south - western part of Aarhus in Denmark .
Limone sul Garda is a town and comune in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy ( northern Italy ) , on the shore of Lake Garda .
The Vätsäri Wilderness Area ( Finnish : Vätsärin erämaa , Swedish : Vätsäriområdet ) is located along the northeastern shore of Lake Inari in Inari , northern Finland , stretching all the way to the Finland--
Wycheproof railway station is a closed railway station on the Kulwin rail line in Wycheproof , Victoria , Australia .
Aykhal Airport is a public airport in Russia .
Sutomore ( pronounced ( sûtɔmɔːrɛ ) ) ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Сутоморе ; Venetian : Spizza ) is a small coastal town in Bar Municipality , Montenegro .
Knocklyon ( Irish : Cnoc Lín ) is a suburb of Dublin in Ireland .
Elyasvand - e Sofla ( Persian : الياسوندسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Elyāsvand - e Soflá ; also known as Elyāsvand - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Victorian Major Events Company is a foundation for sporting and cultural events in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Agosk ( Persian : اگسك‎ , also Romanized as Āgosk ; also known as Agosk - e Moḩammadābād and Āgūsk ) is a village in Karvandar Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
East Killara is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Qamışlıgöl ( also , Gamyshlygël , Gamyshlygël '' , and Kamyshly - Gel ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Reģi Manor ( Latvian : Reģu muižas pils ) is a manor house in the village of Reģi in Alsunga municipality in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Kaikohe Aerodrome is an airfield south - east of Kaikohe in the Northland region of New Zealand .
Esanatoglia is a town and comune in the Marche , Italy .
Wood Buffalo National Park , located in northeastern Alberta and southern Northwest Territories , is the largest national park in Canada at 44,807 km2 ( 17,300 sq mi ) .
The Tia Maria mine is a large copper mine located in the south of Peru in the Moquegua Region .
Priol is a village in central Goa , in western India .
PalaTrieste , officially known as Palazzo dello sport Cesare Rubini is an indoor sporting arena located in Trieste , Italy .
The Omatako Mountains ( German : Omatakoberge ) are two mountains in Namibia .
Kiev Governorate was an administrative division of the Russian Empire in 1796 until the Soviet administrative reform of the 1920s .
University of Gedo ( Somali : Jaamacada Gedo Arabic : جامعة جدو‎ ) is a public university in the city of Bardera situated in the Gedo region of Somalia .
Lemešany ( Hungarian : Lemes , Rusyn : Лемешані ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Lavrovec ( pronounced ( ˈlaːu̯ɾɔʋəts ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Žiri in Slovenia .
The Leventis Municipal Museum of Nicosia ( Greek : Λεβέντιο Μουσείο , Turkish : Leventis Müzesi ) in Nicosia , Cyprus , is home to an extensive collection of Cypriot works include archaeological artifacts , costumes , photographs , medieval pottery , maps and engravings , jewels , and furniture .
The Ölbergshöhe in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a mountain spur , 320.6 m , of the Ramberg ridge near Bad Suderode in the Saxony - Anhalt county of Harz .
The Aix - Marseille Graduate School of Management , also known as IAE Aix - en - Provence or IAE Aix is a business school in the South of France , part of Aix - Marseille University , the largest University in the French - speaking world , founded in 1409 .
Široké ( Hungarian : Siroka ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Liyutan Dam ( Chinese : 鯉魚潭水庫 ; pinyin : Lǐyútán Shuǐkù ) is a dam in Sanyi Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Enayat ( Persian : عنايت‎ , also Romanized as ʿEnāyat ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Golok Rembau is a golok in a shape of the Tumbok Lada , in a larger version originating from Sumatra , Indonesia and also commonly found in Malaysia .
Amader Shomoy ( Bengali : আমাদের সময় ) is a Bengali language daily newspaper from Bangladesh .
Distrato ( Greek : Δίστρατο , Aromanian : Briaza ) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Petseri County ( Estonian : Petserimaa ) was a county of Estonia established in 1918 .
Mikulčice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmi.kul.tʃi.tsɛ ) ) is a municipality ( obec ) in the Czech Republic , situated 7 km south of Hodonín , nearby the Slovak border .
Buchach ( Ukrainian : Бучач ; Polish : Buczacz ; Yiddish : בעטשאָטש‎ ; Turkish : Bucaş ) is a town located on the Strypa River ( a tributary of the Dniester ) in Ternopil Oblast ( province ) of Western Ukraine .
The Freilichtbühne Loreley ( Loreley Open - Air Theatre ) is an amphitheatre located on top of the Lorelei rock in St. Goarshausen , Germany .
Eltz Manor ( Croatian : Dvorac Eltz , German : Schloss Eltz ) is a Baroque castle in Vukovar , Croatia .
The Anieșul Mic River ( Hungarian : Kis - Anyes - patak ) is a headwater of the Anieș River în Romania
Carifiesta ( French : Carifête ) is an annual Caribbean Carnival held in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Šentjakob ob Savi ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtjaːkɔp ɔp ˈsaːʋi ) or ( ʃənˈtjaːkɔp ɔp ˈsaːʋi ) ; in older sources also Sveti Jakob ob Savi ) is a formerly independent settlement in the northeastern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Svenska Badmintonförbundet ( Swedish Badminton Union ) or Badminton Sweden is the governing body for the sport of badminton in Sweden .
Shumen ( also spelled Shoumen or Šumen , Bulgarian : Шумен ) , is the tenth largest city in Bulgaria and the administrative and economic capital of Shumen Province .
Lei Muk Shue Estate ( Chinese : 梨木樹邨 ) is a public housing estate in Lei Muk Shue , Kwai Chung , New Territories , Hong Kong , near the exit of Shing Mun Tunnel .
Qaleh Shekar ( Persian : قلعه شكار‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Shekār ) is a village in Shirvan Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 162 , in 42 families .
Aman Kandi ( Persian : امن كندي‎ , also Romanized as Aman Kandī ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cloughleigh , officially Cloghleagh ( Irish : an Chloch Liath ) , is a townland and residential area of Ennis , County Clare , Ireland .
Marmarashen ( Armenian : Մարմարաշեն , meaning Marble Made , Aghamzali ( ? -25.05.1967 ) ) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Dekemhare ( sometimes spelled Decamare , Tigrinya : ደቀምሓረ ? ) is a town in Eritrea , lying south east of Asmara .
Jigh Jigh ( Persian : جيغ جيغ‎ , also Romanized as Jīgh Jīgh ; also known as Jīq Jīq and Qeshlāq - e Jīgh Jīgh ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
According to the IBGE , Brazil 's Geography and Statistics Institute , Canoas currently has no rural areas , but it started as a village of large landowners .
Buchanan Airport ( IATA : UCN , ICAO : GLBU ) is an airport serving Buchanan , in the Grand Bassa County in Liberia .
SMK Bandar Baru UDA or Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Bandar Baru UDA is the main secondary school in Bandar Baru UDA , Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia .
The Venetian Lagoon is an enclosed bay of the Adriatic Sea , in northern Italy , in which the city of Venice is situated .
Posępsko ( pɔˈsɛmpskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Imperial Football Club , nicknamed the Blues , is an Australian rules football club in Murray Bridge , South Australia .
Nsoatre is a town in the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Letná Park ( in Czech Letenské sady ) is a large park on Letná hill , built on a plateau above steep embankments along the Vltava River in Prague , Czech Republic .
Vladimirovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимировац ) is a village in Serbia .
Doische ( French pronunciation : ​(dwaʃ ) ) is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
Schmalenberg is a municipality in Südwestpfalz district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany .
Thottilpalam is a major town in north east of Kozhikode district , Kerala , in southwest India .
Waterhen Indian Reserve No . 130 , officially Waterhen 130 , is an Indian reserve community in Saskatchewan , Canada , located 39 km north of the community of Meadow Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada .
G. Sankara Pillai Cultural Complex is a cultural center located in the city of Thrissur , Kerala , India .
The University of Fredericton is a degree - granting online university providing certificate and graduate degree programs in business leadership in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Deh - e Dik ( Persian : ده ديك‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Dīḵ ) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sumgait Private Turkish High School ( Azerbaijani : Sumqayıt Özəl Türk Liseyi , also abbr . SÖTL ) , was a private secondary school in Sumgait , Azerbaijan .
Ərəbbəsra is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Colunga is a municipality in the Autonomous community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
Ordahal ( also , Ordakhal and Ordagalya ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Grabionka ( ɡraˈbjɔnka ) ( German : Grabershof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Haapsalu Railway Station ( Estonian : Haapsalu raudteejaama ) was the main railway station in Haapsalu , Estonia .
Isojärvi National Park ( Finnish : Isojärven kansallispuisto ) is a national park in Central Finland .
Déline Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEN7 ) , is adjacent to Deliné , Northwest Territories , Canada , on Great Bear Lake and is open from the middle of May until the middle of October .
Melbourne Youth Justice Centre ( formerly Melbourne Juvenile Justice Centre and Turana Youth training Centre ) , is a youth corrections facility located in Parkville , Victoria , Australia .
The Royal Canadian Henley Rowing Course is a rowing facility that is located in Port Dalhousie , St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada .
Žemberovce ( Hungarian : Zsember ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
The Scrap Metal Dealers Act 2013 ( c. 10 ) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which will amend the law relating to scrap metal dealers .
Mae Faek Mai ( Thai : แม่แฝกใหม่ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Sai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
During the wars in the Former Yugoslavia , most of the Croats left Novi Slankamen and other settlements in the Serbian part of Syrmia , and moved to Croatia , Western Europe , North America , and Australia , while Serb refugees from Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Kosovo settled there instead of them .
Ylläs , or Yllästunturi in Finnish , is a 718-metre ( 2,356 ft ) high fell in the municipality of Kolari in Lapland Province of Finland .
The BeNe League was the highest women 's football league in Belgium and the Netherlands .
Ruhango is a town and capital of the Ruhango District in Southern Province , Rwanda .
Udrycze - Kolonia ( uˈdrɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Gatama ( also transliterated Getema , Catama Argio ) is a town in western Ethiopia .
Quezalguaque ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kesalˈɣwake ) ) is a municipality in the León department of Nicaragua .
Skien Airport , Geiteryggen ( Norwegian : Skien lufthavn , Geiteryggen ; IATA : SKE , ICAO : ENSN ) is a regional airport located at Geiteryggen , 5.5 kilometers ( 3.4 mi ) southwest of the city center of Skien , Norway .
The Yadanabon Zoological Gardens ( Burmese : ရတနာပုံ တိရိစ္ဆာန် ဥယျာဉ် ( jədənàbòʊɴ təɹeɪʔsʰàɴ ʔṵjɪ̀ɴ ) ) is a zoo in Mandalay , Myanmar .
Šalovci ( pronounced ( ˈʃaːlɔu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Sal ) is a village and a municipality in the Prekmurje region in northeastern Slovenia .
Mbengwi is the headquarters of Momo Department in the Northwest Region of Cameroon , located some 22 km from Bamenda .
Uszód ( Croatian : Vusad ) is a village in Bács - Kiskun county , in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary .
Vittorio Veneto is a city and comune situated in the Province of Treviso , in the region of Veneto , Italy , in the northeast of the Italian peninsula , between the Piave and the Livenza rivers .
Jaslyk Prison is a detention facility in Karakalpakstan in north - west Uzbekistan where human rights activists and ex - inmates allege that torture is widespread .
Biały Bór ( ˈbʲawɨ ˈbur ) ( German : Baldenburg ) is a town in Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,137 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Slavoška is a small village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
On January 1 , 1919 , the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed in Smolensk , but its government moved to Minsk as soon as the German forces had been driven out of Minsk several days later .
Mithiani is a town in the Naushahro Feroze District , of Sindh , Pakistan .
Leushi ( Russian : Леуши ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kondinsky District of Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Inazares is a dependent village of Moratalla , Murcia , Spain with a population of 40 .
The Golijska Moravica or simply Moravica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Голијска Моравица or Моравица ) is a river in western Serbia .
Ruda Wielka ( ˈruda ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mata - Utu ( ʻUvean : Matāʻutu ) is the capital of Wallis and Futuna , an overseas collectivity of France .
Baharly ( formerly Bäherden ) is a town and seat of Baharly District in south - western Turkmenistan in Ahal Province .
Saatli Mosque ( Azerbaijani : Saatlı məscidi ) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Shusha , Karabakh region of Azerbaijan about 350 km from capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Shusha on May 8 , 1992 .
MinterEllison is a multinational professional services firm based in Australia .
Dragomlja Vas ( pronounced ( dɾaˈɡomlja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Dragomlja vas , German : Dragomelsdorf ) is a small settlement south of Bereča Vas in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Campeche Bank is part of the Gulf of Mexico and extends from the Yucatan Straits in the east to the Tabasco - Campeche Basin in the west .
D'Arcy - McGee is a provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of the province of Quebec , Canada , that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
MBPJ Tower or Menara MBPJ ( formerly Menara MPPJ or MPPJ Tower ) is a major landmark in Petaling Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Ruoti is a town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Basilicata region of southern Italy .
Ajaland is the area inhabited by the Aja people in Benin and Togo , West Africa .
Okalongo is a small tribe and village , which is situated in the north of Ovamboland , Namibia .
Isla del Caño is a small island in the Bahia de Corcovado ( Corcovado Bay ) in Osa Costa Rica .
Longzhong ( Chinese : 隆中 ; pinyin : Lóngzhōng ) is a scenic area with 1700 years of history and a total area of 209 square kilometres ( 81 sq mi ) located approximately 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) away from Xiangyang , Hubei , People 's Republic of China .
National Yang - Ming University ( NYMU ; Chinese : 國立陽明大學 ) is a research university located in Shipai , Beitou District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Waldau Army Airfield is a former military airfield , located 4.0 km south of Kassel in Hesse , Germany .
Gowganda / Gowganda Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPL6 ) , was located on Gowganda Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Ranen ( Hebrew : רנן‎ , lit . Sing ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Aberdeen Sports Ground ( Chinese : 香港仔運動場 ) is a rugby union and football sports ground situated at 108 Wong Chuk Hang Road , Aberdeen , Hong Kong .
Pannonhalma ( German : Martinsberg , Slovak : Rábsky Svätý Martin ) is a town in western Hungary , in Győr - Moson - Sopron county with approximately 4,000 inhabitants .
The Montemar Institute of Marine Biology ( Spanish : Estación de Biología Marina de Montemar ) is a modern building in Viña del Mar , Valparaíso Region , Chile .
La Rampa ( also known as Calle 23 , or 23rd Street ) is a street in the Vedado district of Havana , Cuba .
Korday or Kordoy ( Kazakh : Қордай ( qu̯ʊrdɑ́j ) , Kyrgyz : Кордой ) is a village in Jambyl Region of Kazakhstan , and the administrative center of that region 's Korday District .
Kangirsuk Airport ( IATA : YKG , ICAO : CYAS ) is located 0.5 nautical miles ( 0.93 km ; 0.58 mi ) east of Kangirsuk , Quebec , Canada .
Nangkor Gewog ( Dzongkha : ནང་སྐོར་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Zhemgang District , Bhutan .
Stok Lacki - Folwark ( ˈstɔk ˈlat͡ski ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The First Valls Government was the thirty - seventh Government of France .
Mratinci ( Cyrillic : Мратинци ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Union of Democrats for Europe ( Italian : Unione Democratici per l'Europa , UDEUR ) , whose latest official name has been UDEUR Populars ( Popolari UDEUR ) , was a centrist and Christian - democratic political party in Italy .
The Chone River is a river of Ecuador situated in the Manabí Province .
Borkowszczyzna ( bɔrkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Darshanemu ( Persian : درش نمو‎ , also Romanized as Darshanemū ; also known as Darshalīmū ) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zayachy Island ( Russian Заячий остров , transliteration zayachy ostrov , also known as Hare Island ) is an island in the Neva River in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Belconnen Town Centre is located in the suburb of Belconnen on the south - western shore of Lake Ginninderra in Canberra , Australia .
Ballinrobe ( Irish : Baile an Róba , meaning `` town of the ( river ) Robe '' ) is a town in County Mayo in Ireland .
The Swedish grid ( in Swedish Rikets Nät , RT 90 ) is the coordinate system used for government maps in Sweden .
Saint - Parize - le - Châtel is a commune in the Nièvre département in central France .
The Conch Bar Caves , located on Middle Caicos , is the largest above - ground cave system in the Bahamas - Turks and Caicos Islands archipelago .
Port Harcourt City Airport ( IATA : PHG ) is a military airport serving Port Harcourt NAF Base in Nigeria .
Monte Dinero ( literally , `` Mount Money '' ) is a town on the southeastern tip of Patagonia , in Santa Cruz Province , Argentina .
Ivarstown ( Irish : Baile an hÍomhar ) is a small village in County Clare , Munster in Ireland .
RAAF Base Nabiac was an advanced operating base for the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) , during the Second World War , near Nabiac , New South Wales , Australia .
The Seguwantivu and Vidatamunai Wind Farms are two legally separate wind farms built together by Seguwantivu Wind Power and Vidatamunai Wind Power , on the south - east shore of the Puttalam Lagoon , in Puttalam , Sri Lanka .
The Seuil de Naurouze , or Col de Naurouze , is the highest point ( 190 m above sea level ) of the Canal du Midi in southern France .
Chwaliszów ( xfaˈliʂuf ) ( German : Quolsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Bogaczowice , within Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Láchar is a municipality in the province of Granada , in Spain .
Gornja Močila ( Serbian : Горња Мочила ) is a village in the municipality of Brod , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Črnivec Pass ( Slovene : prelaz Črnivec ) , usually just Črnivec , is a mountain pass in the Kamnik Alps that connects the traditional regions of Upper Carniola and Styria in Slovenia .
Rogiedle ( rɔˈɡʲɛdlɛ ) ( German : Regerteln ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kolkata Dakshin ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( earlier known as Calcutta South Lok Sabha constituency ) ( Bengali : কলকাতা দক্ষিন লোকসভা কেন্দ্র ) is one of the 543 Lok Sabha ( parliamentary ) constituencies in India .
Chortitza Colony was a settlement of German - speaking Mennonites northwest of Khortytsia Island and is now part of Zaporizhia , Ukraine .
Lugoj ( Romanian pronunciation : ( luˈɡoʒ ) ) is a city in Timiș County , Banat , western Romania .
The Town Belt is a green belt which surrounds the centre of the New Zealand city of Dunedin .
Krstače ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крстаче ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nestor Falls / Sabaskong Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKW3 ) , is located on Sabaskong Bay near Nestor Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Banda Daudshah Tehsil ( Pashto : بانډه داود شاه‎ ) or Banda Daud Shah , colloquially known as Bonda , is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Kohat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Monte Retaia ( 768 m ) is one of the highest mountains of the Calvana mountain range in Tuscany , Italy .
Le Vampire ( English : The Vampire ) is an inverted roller coaster at La Ronde amusement park in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , designed by the Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard ( B&M ) .
Trausdorf Airport ( ICAO : LOAT ) is a public use airport located 1 km south of Trausdorf an der Wulka , Burgenland , Austria .
Talkhi ( Persian : تلخي‎ , also Romanized as Talkhī ) is a village in Zaveh Rural District , in the Central District of Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kashirskoye Highway or Kashira Highway ( Russian : Каширское шоссе , Kashirskoye Shosse ) is a major street in Moscow , Russia , continued as a highway beyond the city into Moscow Oblast as a backup route for highway M4 .
Połupin ( pɔˈwupin ) ( formerly German Rusdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie , within Krosno Odrzańskie County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Əşlə ( also , Əshlə , Eshlya , and Eşlə ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Jonglei Canal is a project that has been proposed , started but never completed to divert water through the vast Sudd wetlands of South Sudan so as to deliver more water downstream to Sudan and Egypt for use in agriculture .
Manínska Gorge ( in Slovak , Manínska tiesňava ) is a national nature reserve , and the narrowest canyon in Slovakia .
The Musée Clemenceau is a house museum located in the 16th arrondissement at 8 , rue Benjamin Franklin , Paris , France .
Zimbor ( Hungarian : Magyarzsombor ) is a commune located in Sălaj County , Romania .
Kolenko ( kɔˈlɛnkɔ ) ( German : Klein Köllen ; 1928 - 1945:Bergenthal ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Novo - Konyushenny Bridge ( Russian : Ново-Конюшенный мост , literally New Stables Bridge ) is a bridge across the Griboedov Canal in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Urmia Airport ( Persian : فرودگاه اروميه‎‎ -- Forūdgāh - e Ūromīyeh ) ( IATA : OMH , ICAO : OITR ) is an airport serving the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
In 1992 , Manzhouli became one of the first land border cities opened up by the People 's Republic of China .
Tophouse , also known as Tophouse Settlement , is a rural locality in the Tasman District of New Zealand 's South Island , some 8 km northeast of Saint Arnaud .
Bərğov ( also , Bərqov ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Buir Lake ( Mongolian : Буйр нуур ; Chinese : 贝尔湖 ; pinyin : Bèi'ěr Hú ) is a freshwater lake that straddles the border between Mongolia and China .
Beale Cottage is situated on the corner of Beale and Grey street in Hamilton , New Zealand .
Stare Leszczyny ( ˈstarɛ lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
GO Transit is a regional public transit system in Southern Ontario , Canada , serving the Golden Horseshoe region .
Gauthiot Falls is a waterfall and natural wonder in Chad .
Arviat Airport , ( IATA : YEK , ICAO : CYEK ) , is located at Arviat , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the government of Nunavut .
Hospital Militar de San Carlos is a hospital located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Motława ( German : Mottlau ) is a river in Eastern Pomerania in Poland .
Cheongju International Airport ( Hangul : 청주국제공항 ; Hanja : 淸州國際空港 ; Revised Romanization : Cheongju Gukje Gonghang ; McCune - Reischauer : Ch'ŏngju Kukche Konghang ) ( IATA : CJJ , ICAO : RKTU ) is an international airport in Cheongwon - gu , South Korea .
The Birmingham Assay Office , one of the four assay offices in the United Kingdom , is located in the Jewellery Quarter , Birmingham .
Mulobezi is a small town in the Western Province , of Zambia , and the centre of its timber industry .
Cittadellarte is an art and creativity laboratory founded in 1998 by the artist Michelangelo Pistoletto in a disused textile mill by the river Cervo in Biella , Italy .
Muong Liep is a small river town in Sainyabuli Province , Laos .
Al Futaisi ( Arabic : الفطيسي‎ ) is an island about eight kilometres southwest of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates with a size of approximately 50-square - kilometre ( 12,000-acre ) .
Nosrat Kola ( Persian : نصرت كلا‎ , also Romanized as Noşrat Kolā ; also known as Neşrā Kolā ) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ningcheng County ( Mongolian : ᠨᠢᠩᠴᠧᠩ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Niŋčėŋ siyan ; simplified Chinese : 宁城县 ; traditional Chinese : 寧城縣 ; pinyin : Níngchéng Xiàn ) is a county of southeastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Liaoning province to the east .
Houx is a commune in the Eure - et - Loir department in northern France , located 79 km from Paris and 20 km from Chartres .
Hellerud was a borough of the city of Oslo , Norway up to January 1 , 2004 , when it became part of the new borough of Alna .
Dafnonas ( Greek : Δαφνώνας ) is a settlement in the municipality Xanthi in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Gumla ( Hindi : गुमला ) is a city which is the headquarters of Gumla district in the state of Jharkhand , India .
Henichesk ( Ukrainian : Гені́чеськ , translit . Heniches’k ) is a port city along the Sea of Azov in the Kherson Oblast ( province ) of southern Ukraine .
The Department of Canadian Heritage , or simply Canadian Heritage ( French : Patrimoine canadien ) , is the department of the Government of Canada with responsibility for policies and programs regarding the arts , culture , media , communications networks , official languages ( including La Francophonie ) , status of women , sports , and multiculturalism .
Poncosari is a coastal village on the Indian Ocean in Java , Indonesia .
Maella ( Spanish : ( maˈeʎa ) ; Catalan : ( məˈeʎə ) , locally : ( maˈeʎa ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain .
Calimera ( Καλημέρα , `` good morning '' in both Greek and Griko ) is a small town of 7,296 inhabitants in the Grecìa Salentina area of the Salento peninsula in Italy , located between Gallipoli and Otranto .
Tsovasar ( Armenian : Ծովասար , also Romanized as T’azagyugh and Tazagyukh ; formerly , Tazakend ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Hostynne ( xɔsˈtɨnnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Polonne ( Ukrainian : Полонне ) is a city on the Khomora River in the Khmelnytskyi Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Pourangahau / Mount Robert is a 1,421 m high mountain in the Nelson area of New Zealand 's South Island .
The Harmas de Fabre , also known as the Musée Harmas Jean - Henri Fabre , is a museum , botanical garden , and herbarium located on the Route d'Orange , Sérignan - du - Comtat , Vaucluse , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Ålesund Airport , Vigra ( Norwegian : Ålesund lufthavn , Vigra , IATA : AES , ICAO : ENAL ) is an international airport serving the town of Ålesund , Norway .
In the People 's Republic of China , the Chengbao system ( Chinese : 承包 ; pinyin : Chéngbāo ) refers to the private or individual contracted operation of public assets such as bus lines , hospitals , and schools .
Established in 1960 , The Anne & Max Tanenbaum Community Hebrew Academy of Toronto ( Hebrew : האקדמיה העברית ע``ש טננבאום ) , or ' ' TanenbaumCHAT `` , is a private Jewish high school which is located on two campuses in Toronto , Canada .
Torstad Chapel ( Norwegian : Torstad kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Rzeczenica ( ʐɛt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa ) ( German Stegers ) is a village in Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Northern Territory Rugby Union , or NTRU , is the governing body for the sport of rugby union within the Northern Territory in Australia .
Abbot 's Hill School is an independent day school for girls aged 4 - -16 years and a nursery and pre - school for girls and boys from 6 months in Hemel Hempstead , Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom .
La Cepeda is an ancient historical region in the landlocked Province of León , Spain .
Rietz - Neuendorf is a municipality in the Oder - Spree district , in Brandenburg , Germany Nearby are the Dubrower Berge a range of wooded hills popular with hikers and cyclists .
Žlebe ( pronounced ( ˈʒleːbɛ ) or ( ʒlɛˈbeː ) ; locally also Sveta Marjeta , German : Schlebe ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Plussulien ( Breton : Plusulian ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Mono River is the major river of eastern Togo .
Windorah is one of three towns in the Barcoo and a locality in Central West Queensland , Australia .
Seoul National University Hospital ( 서울대학교병원 ) is one of the oldest and biggest hospitals in South Korea .
The Calgary Junior Hockey League is a Junior `` B '' ice hockey league based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Santa Victoria Oeste is a municipality and head of the Santa Victoria Department , at the northwest corner of the province of Salta , Argentina , between mountains and valleys on the border with the Republic of Bolivia , 540 km from the city of Salta .
Aithikes ( Greek : Αίθηκες ) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
John Murray Island is an uninhabited island in the Lincoln Sea , Greenland to the west of Sverdrup Island .
Xol Qarabucaq ( also , Xolqarabucaq and Kholkarabudzhak ) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Libertador General San Martín Bridge is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Uruguay River and joins Argentina and Uruguay .
Slaba Gorica ( pronounced ( ˈslaːba ˈɡoːɾitsa ) ; German : Schlechtbüchel ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Malgobek ( Russian : Малгобе́к ; Ingush : Магӏалбике ) is a town in the Republic of Ingushetia , Russia , located 45 kilometers ( 28 mi ) northwest of the republic 's capital of Magas .
Montefino is a small town and predominantly rural comune of the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of eastern Italy .
Atlacomulco is a city and municipality located in the northwest of the State of Mexico in central Mexico , 63 km from the state capital of Toluca .
Gonbadi ( Persian : گنبدي‎ , also Romanized as Gonbadī ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Skovsbo Castle is a manor house located 6 km south - west of Kerteminde , on Funen , Denmark .
Křečovice is a village in the Czech Republic famous as the birthplace of Czech Composer Josef Suk .
Busan Foreign School ( or BFS ) is an international school located in Busan , South Korea .
Tlatlaya is a small town and municipality located in the southeast of the State of Mexico in Mexico .
Grimm 31 was a Hamburg merchant 's house on the island of Grimm in the center of Hamburg , Germany .
Naujoji Vilnia ( Polish : Nowa Wilejka ) is a neighborhood in eastern Vilnius , Lithuania situated along the banks of the Vilnia River .
The Autovía A-56 is a proposed highway in north western Spain .
Skåde is a neighbourhood of Højbjerg , a southern district of Aarhus in Denmark .
Ujście Warty Landscape Park , also , Warta River Mouth Landscape Park , ( Polish : Park Krajobrazowy Ujście Warty ) is a protected area ( a Landscape Park ) in western Poland , along the lower stretches of the Warta river as it approaches its confluence with the Odra ( Oder ) .
Schloss Ebenrain ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃlɔs ˈeːbənˌʁaɪn ) ) is a former country residence in Sissach , in the canton of Basel - Country , Switzerland .
Landemærket , literally `` The Landmark '' , is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Skien Isstadion is an outdoors ice skating rink with artificial ice in Skien , Norway .
Hend Khaleh ( Persian : هندخاله‎ , also Romanized as Hend Khāleh ; also known as Hendeh Khāleh , Hendūkhāleh , Hind Khāleh , and Khind - Khale ) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District , Tulem District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Point Hyllie is a project currently under construction in Malmö , Sweden .
Jach'a K'uchu ( Aymara jach'a big , k'uchu , q'uch'u corner , `` big corner '' , hispanicized spelling Jachacucho ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Bloody Creek crater , which is also known as the Bloody Creek structure , is a 420-by-350-meter ( 1,380 by 1,150 ft ) in diameter elliptical feature that is located in southwestern Nova Scotia , Canada .
Jostedøla ( or Jostedalselva ) is a river which runs through the Jostedalen valley in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Kremná is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa Districtin the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Fällkniven AB , is a Sweden - based manufacturer of knives and knife - related gear and apparel .
Mount Alveria is a mountain located in the Province of Siracusa , south - eastern Sicily , Italy .
Antsokiyana Gemza ( `` Antsokiya and Gemza '' ) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Wadi International University ( Arabic : جامعة الوادي الدولية الخاصة‎ ) , commonly referred to as the German Syrian University , is a private , internationally oriented university , located in Wadi al - Nasara in Syria .
Malibongwe Drive ( formerly Hans Strijdom Drive ( Afrikaans : Hans Strijdom - rylaan ) ) is a major road that runs through an industrial area in the northwest of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Yalta Hotel Complex ( Russian : Гостиничный комплекс `` Ялта-Интурист '' ) is a hotel in Yalta ( Crimea , Ukraine , set in Massandra park on the Black Sea coast . It is one of the major tourist centers in Ukraine .
Mowtowr - e Hajji Yar Mohammad ( Persian : موتورحاجي يارمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩājjī Yār Moḩammad ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Krepšić ( Serbian : Крепшић ) is a village in the municipality of Brčko , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gorenja Vas pri Šmarjeti ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ʃmaˈɾjeːti ) ; Slovene : Gorenja vas pri Šmarjeti , German : Oberdorf ) is a village immediately west of Šmarjeta in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Moyasta ( Irish : Maigh Sheasta , meaning `` plain of Asta '' ) is a hamlet in County Clare , Ireland , situated between Kilkee and Kilrush on the N67 .
The Palo Verde National Park , in Spanish Parque Nacional Palo Verde is a National Park of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , that contains much of the area of the valley of the Tempisque River and covers an area of 45,492 acres in Guanacaste Province , 30 km west of Canas .
Bisfi is a mandal in the Madhubani district of Bihar , India .
Tim Ho Wan ( Chinese : 添好運 ) is a Chinese dimsum restaurant chain that originated in Hong Kong .
Kwiatuszki Wielkie ( kfjaˈtuʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Gross Blumenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chajul , Nebaj , and Cotzal make up the Ixil Region in the Department of Quiché in the Western Highlands of Guatemala .
Jons Kapel ( `` John 's Chapel '' ) is a rock bluff in Denmark on Bornholm 's west coast , about 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) north of Hasle .
Edessa Province was one of the three provinces of Pella Prefecture of Greece .
Treneglos ( Cornish : Treneglos ) is a hamlet and a civil parish in north - east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Metro Del Paso was planned station of Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro .
Caboface or Camara Boliviana de Fabricantes de Cerveza is a Bolivian trade camera dedicated to organizing Bolivia 's beer manufacturers .
Visolaje ( Hungarian : Viszolaj ) is a village and municipality in Púchov District , Trenčín Region of Slovakia .
The Tua line was a metre gauge railway line in northern Portugal .
Oco ( Basque : Oko ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
The Wild Wadi Water Park is an outdoor water park in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Tolombeh - ye Sarhang ( Persian : تلمبه سرهنگ‎ ; also known as Tolombeh - ye Sarhang Qāsem - e Ebrāhīmī ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bilene Airport ( ICAO : FQBI ) is an airport that serves the town of Bilene , Mozambique .
Bou - Hedma National Park is located in both the Gafsa Governorate and Sidi Bouzid Governorate in Tunisia .
Biksti Parish ( Latvian : Bikstu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Dobele Municipality , Latvia .
Sagarejo ( Georgian : საგარეჯო ) is a town in Kakheti , Georgia .
Hondlon District ( Mongolian : ᠬᠥᠨᠳᠡᠯᠡᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Köndelen toɣoriɣ ; simplified Chinese : 昆都仑区 ; traditional Chinese : 昆都侖區 ; pinyin : Kūndūlún Qū ) is a district of Baotou , the largest city of Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Seitajärvi ( seita : a Sami sacred place + järvi : lake ) was a community located in the Savukoski municipality of Finland .
Llust'a K'uchu ( Aymara llust'a slippery , k'uchu , q'uch'u corner , `` slippery corner '' , hispaniczed spelling Yustacucho ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Najm - e Divan ( Persian : نجم ديوان‎ , also Romanized as Najm - e Dīvān ; also known as Baḩrīyeh ( Persian : بحريه ) and Baḩrīyeh - ye Najm - e Dīvān ) is a village in Jazireh - ye Minu Rural District , Minu District , Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Warsaw University of Technology ( Polish : Politechnika Warszawska ; literally , `` Warsaw Polytechnic '' ) is one of the leading institutes of technology in Poland , and one of the largest in Central Europe .
Georgetown City Hall is a nineteenth - century Gothic Revival building located on the corner of Regent Street and Avenue of the Republic in Georgetown , Guyana .
The Boyabat Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Kızılırmak River bordering Sinop and Samsun Provinces , Turkey .
Gitega Airport ( IATA : GID , ICAO : HBBE ) is an airport serving the city of Gitega , Burundi .
Tambohorano is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) on the west coast of Madagascar approximately 290 kilometres north - west of the capital Antananarivo ..
Kvanhovden Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Kvanhovden fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Bal Daghi ( Persian : بال داغي‎ , also Romanized as Bāl Dāghī ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hejnum Church ( Swedish : Hejnums kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland , in the Diocese of Visby ( Sweden ) .
Palamós ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pəɫəˈmos ) ) is a town and municipality in the Mediterranean Costa Brava , located in the comarca of Baix Empordà , in the province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Salvatierra Castle is a fortification near Calzada de Calatrava in the south of the province of Ciudad Real , Castilla - La Mancha in Spain .
Ab Pakhsh ( Persian : آب پخش‎ , also Romanized as Āb Pakhsh ) is a city in and the capital of Ab Pakhsh District , in Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Altınkaya Dam is a rock - fill dam for irrigation and hydro power purposes , located on the River Kızılırmak , 23 km south of Bafra and 35 km west of Samsun in northern Turkey .
Monte Alpi with its twin peaks Pizzo Falcone ( 1.900 m ) and S. Croce ( 1.893 m ) is a mountain of Basilicata , Italy .
The Château de Dietrich is a château in the commune of Reichshoffen , Bas - Rhin , Alsace , France .
Bhakoki ( Urdu : بھکوکی‎ ) is a village situated in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Västernorrland County ( Västernorrlands län ) is a county ( län ) in the north of Sweden .
Bergen Cathedral School ( Norwegian : Bergen Katedralskole , Latin : Schola Cathedralis Bergensis , formerly known as Bergens lærdeskole and Bergen latinskole and colloquially known as Katten ) is an upper secondary school in Bergen , Norway .
Katerini ( Greek : Κατερίνη , ( kate'ɾini ) ) is a town in Central Macedonia , Greece , the capital of Pieria regional unit .
Kocasinan is a metropolitan district of the city of Kayseri in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
The Guaranteed Pure Milk bottle is a landmark water tower in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , located at 1025 Lucien L'Allier Street .
Şordəhnə ( also , Shordekhna and Shordekhne ) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ernst Grube Stadium ( German : Ernst - Grube - Stadion ) was a multi - use stadium in Magdeburg , Germany .
Bouguenais ( Breton : Kervegon ) is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique department in western France near Nantes .
Ežerėlis ( pronunciation ; literally : little lake ) is a city in Kaunas County , Lithuania .
Iñuma ( Aymara , hispanicized spelling Inuma ) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,675 metres ( 18,619 ft ) high .
HMAS Stirling ( ICAO : YGAD ) is the Royal Australian Navy 's primary base on the west coast ( Fleet Base West ) of Australia .
Based on the United Kingdom 2001 census , Falkirk council reported the population of Maddiston as being 2,952 residents , a 40 % rise since 1991 .
The Maremmana is a breed of cattle reared in the Maremma , a former marshland region in southern Tuscany and northern Lazio in central Italy .
Tskhouk - Karckar or Qarqar is a group of pyroclastic cones which is located in the central part of the Siunik volcanic ridge at the border of Armenia and Azerbaijan 60 km SE of Lake Sevan .
Waithali ( Burmese : ဝေသာလီမြို့ , pronounced : ( wèθàlì mjo̰ ) ) , located in today 's northern Rakhine State , Myanmar , was the capital of the Waithali Kingdom from 788 to 1018 .
Instituto Potosino de Investigación Científica y Tecnológica , A.C. ( IPICyT , and in English : San Luis Potosí Institute of Scientific Research and Technology ) is one of 26 Public Research Centers in Mexico , funded by CONACyT.
The Cévennes ( Occitan : Cevenas ) are a range of mountains in south - central France , covering parts of the départements of Ardèche , Gard , Hérault and Lozère .
71 Nyhavn is a hotel based in two converted warehouses on the corner of the Nyhavn Canal and the main harbourfront of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Italian Liberal Party ( Italian : Partito Liberale Italiano , PLI ) was a liberal and conservative political party in Italy .
Welenchiti ( also transliterated Wolenchite and Aualancheti ) is a town in east - central Ethiopia .
The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River , on the western shore of Tasman Bay .
Njiverce ( pronounced ( ˈnjiːʋɛɾtsɛ ) ) is a settlement next to Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia .
The Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon ( Russian : Лагуна Нэскэнпильгын ) is a shallow coastal lake in the Chukchi Sea at the northern shore of the Chukotka Peninsula , Russia .
Toijala is a former town and municipality of Finland , located some 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) south of Tampere .
The Peterborough Centre , the former Teachers ' College Building , is located on the corner of Peterborough and Montreal Streets in Christchurch , New Zealand .
South32 is a base metal and coal mining company based in Perth , Western Australia .
Barrington Brown Falls is a waterfall on the Corentyne River , Guyana , approximately 250 km south of Orealla .
Motycz - Józefin ( ˈmɔtɨt͡ʂ juˈzɛfin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The headquarters of The Institution of Engineers of Ireland is at 22 Clyde Road .
Mount Salak ( Indonesian : Gunung Salak , Sundanese : Gunung Salak ) is an eroded volcano in West Java , Indonesia .
The Elephant House is a house at 77 Yarmouth Road in the Christie Pits neighbourhood of Toronto , Canada that has a life - size plaster mammoth sculpture in the front yard .
Pšenična Polica ( pronounced ( pʃɛˈniːtʃna pɔˈliːtsa ) ; German : Niederfeld ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ab Pakhshan ( Persian : اب پخشان‎ , also Romanized as Āb Pakhshān ; also known as Āb Pakhshūn ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bondyrz ( ˈbɔndɨʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sajid Island is one of the Farasan Islands in Saudi Arabia , located in the Red Sea near 16 ° 46′21``N 41 ° 58′0''E. Its area is 156.0 km² and shoreline is 82.7 km .
Acatenango is a stratovolcano in Guatemala , close to the city of Antigua .
Kandhkot ( Urdu : كندھ كوٹ‎ ) , ( Sindhi : کنڌھ کوٽ ) is a city and tehsil in Kashmor District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Point Hicks or Tolywiarar ( formerly called Cape Everard ) , is a coastal headland in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia , located within the Croajingolong National Park .
Peleduy ( Russian : Пеледуй ; Yakut : Пеледуй ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Lensky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 199 kilometers ( 124 mi ) from Lensk , the administrative center of the district , on the left bank of the Lena River .
Stokenchurch is one of the main places in the United Kingdom where one can frequently see the red kite , a formerly endangered species whose numbers are now recovering well , though still in isolated pockets such as the Chilterns and West Wales .
Little Lake Lićenat or Lake Drelaj ( Albanian : Liqeni i Drelajve or Leqinati i vogël ; Serbian : Jezero Mali Lićenat , Језеро Мали Лићенат ) is a small lake found on Mount Leqinat that reaches an elevation of 2,341 m ( 7,680 ft ) in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo , near the border with Montenegro .
Tomtabacken is a hill in the province of Småland , Sweden .
The Dymaean Wall ( Greek : Τείχος Δυμαίων ) or Kalogria Castle is a prehistoric acropolis in western Achaea , Greece .
Skalbmierz ( ˈskalbmʲɛʂ ) is a town in south eastern Poland , in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in Kazimierza County .
Jarral Shareef ( Hindko : جرناں ) is one of the 57 Union council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Cotton Ground is a town on the island of Nevis in Saint Kitts and Nevis .
The Château d'If is a fortress ( later a prison ) located on the island of If , the smallest island in the Frioul archipelago situated in the Mediterranean Sea about a mile offshore in the Bay of Marseille in southeastern France .
Cape Lopatka ( Russian : мыс Лопатка Mys Lopatka ) is the southernmost point of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia , with the rural locality of Semenovka at its southernmost point .
Pic de Nore transmitter is a facility for FM / TV transmission situated on the mountain of same name at 43 ° 25'29``N 2 ° 27'47''E , in the Montagne Noire , on the border of the Aude and Tarn departments , near to the Parc naturel régional du Haut - Languedoc in southern France .
The Banja Luka Stock Exchange or BLSE ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бањалучка берза , Serbian Latin : Banjalučka berza ) is a stock exchange which operates in the city of Banja Luka in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Schloss Bothmer is a Baroque palatial manor house ensemble in northern Germany .
ABC Western Victoria ( call sign : 3WV ) is an ABC Local Radio station in the Wimmera region of Victoria , Australia .
San Julian Bay is a curved bay in Argentina , next to the city of San Julián .
Hrvaški Brod ( pronounced ( xəɾˈʋaːʃki ˈbɾoːt ) ) is a village on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Strathcona Township is a geographic township comprising a portion of the municipality of Temagami in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Melløs Stadion is a multi - purpose stadium in Melløs borough in Moss , Norway .
The Kipoi Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo with an inferred 306,000 tonnes of copper in high - grade ore .
Ingombota is one of the six urban districts that make up the municipality of Luanda , in the province of Luanda , the capital city of Angola .
Radowo Małe ( raˈdɔvɔ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Raddow ) is a village in Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Together with Lycée Henri - IV , Lycée Louis - le - Grand , Lycée Stanislas and Lycée Sainte - Geneviève , the Lycée Hoche is one of the most prestigious schools in France for undergraduate education .
Dubai Investment Park is a mixed used development project in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Veliki Trn ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki ˈtəɾn ) ; German : Großdorn ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Museum van Deinze en de Leiestreek ( Dutch for ' Museum of Deinze and the Leie region ' ) is a museum of fine arts and folklore located in the city of Deinze , Belgium .
Abongoua ( also spelled Abengoua ) is a town in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Podgračeno ( pronounced ( pɔdɡɾaˈtʃeːnɔ ) ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Greven ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡʁeːvən ) ) is a medium - sized town in the district of Steinfurt , in Germany 's most populous state of North Rhine - Westphalia and close to the city of Münster .
Influencers Church is a multi - campus Australian Christian Church , with its main campus located in Paradise , South Australia , and a campus in Atlanta , Georgia .
Beyers Naudé Drive is a large arterial route in Johannesburg , South Africa .
The Mosope River is a natural watercourse in Botswana , passing through the village of Moshupa .
Sasisena Temple or Nimunhi Temple ( Temple with no entrance and exit ) is found in Sonepur city of Subarnapur district , Odisha , India .
Derrinturn ( Irish : Doire an tSoirn ) is a village in County Kildare , Ireland .
Əxşam ( also , Akhsham and Ekhshem ) is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gyulyovtsa ( Bulgarian : Гюльовца ) is a village in South- East Bulgaria , situated in Obshtina Nessebar , in the Burgas region .
Konice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkoɲɪtsɛ ) ; German : Konitz ) is a town near Prostějov and Olomouc in the Czech Republic .
The Bamboesberg is a mountain range in the Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Scarlet Alliance is Australia 's national peak sex worker organisation .
The XI Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region ( Spanish : Región de Aysén or XI Región Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo ) , often shortened to Aysén Region or Aisén , is one of Chile 's 15 first order administrative divisions .
Ahmadabad - e Sowlat ( Persian : احمدابادصولت‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Şowlat ; also known as Aḩmadābād , Aḩmadābād - e Pā’īn , and Ahmad Abad Pa’in ) is a village in Dasht - e Jam Rural District , Bujgan District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chuin ( Persian : چوئين‎ , also Romanized as Chū’īn ; also known as Chāvīn , Chawīn , and Shāhīn ) is a village in Kumasi Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Pękowiec ( pɛnˈkɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Abbott Government was the federal executive government of Australia led by Prime Minister Tony Abbott .
The Amistad Dam Port of Entry is a port of entry into the United States from Mexico .
In 1809 , Nieuwleusen - born nobleman and politician Baron Willem Jan van Dedem started construction of the Dedemsvaart canal through northern Overijssel , meant to facilitate the transportation of peat , which was being dug on a large scale in this part of the Netherlands .
Pasewalk ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpaːzəvalk ) ) is a town in the Vorpommern - Greifswald district , in the state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern in Germany .
Panal ( Persian : پانعل‎ , also Romanized as ' Pāna``l ; also known as Pā Na``l Jangal ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 89 , in 19 families .
Lake Nasser ( Arabic : بحيرة ناصر‎ Boħēret Nāṣer , Egyptian Arabic : ( boˈħeːɾet ˈnɑːsˤeɾ ) ) is a vast reservoir in southern Egypt and northern Sudan .
Virieu , also Virieu - sur - Broubre , is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France .
The Ceira River is a river in central Portugal arising out of the Serra do Açor .
Glanegg ( Slovene : Klanek ) is a town in the district of Feldkirchen in Carinthia in Austria .
Colonia Santa María Insurgentes is a colonia in the Cuauhtémoc borough north east of the Mexico City 's historic center .
Belmullet or Béal an Mhuirthead ( Irish for `` mouth of the Mullet ( Peninsula ) '' ) is a coastal Gaeltacht town with a population of around 1,000 on the Mullet Peninsula in the barony of Erris , County Mayo , Ireland .
Tash Rabat is a well - preserved 15th century stone caravanserai in At Bashy district , Naryn Province , Kyrgyzstan located at the altitude of 3,200 meters .
The Stiftung Mater Dolorosa Berlin - Lankwitz ( Mater Dolorosa Berlin - Lankwitz Foundation ) is an independent nonprofit foundation under the civil law of Germany and Berlin based in Lankwitz in the borough Steglitz - Zehlendorf of Berlin .
Sardanga ( Russian : Сарданга ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Bordonsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 42 kilometers ( 26 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
Voljevci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вољевци ) is a village in Serbia .
Lieksa - Nurmes Airfield is an airfield in Lieksa , Finland , about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east of Nurmes town centre and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Lieksa town centre .
The Chunta mountain range ( Aymara chunta prolonged , lengthened , Quechua chunta a kind of palm , hispanicized spelling Chonta ) lies in the Huancavelica Region in the Andes of Peru .
The Shire of Richmond is a local government area in north western Queensland , Australia .
The Kolkata International Film Festival ( KIFF ) ( Bengali : কলকাতা আন্তর্জাতিক চলচিত্র উত্সব ) is an annual film festival held in Kolkata , India .
Jurong West Central is a subzone of Jurong West , located in the West Region of Singapore .
Teshig ( Mongolian : Тэшиг ) is a sum ( district ) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia .
Rangiātea Church in Otaki , New Zealand was the oldest Māori Anglican church in New Zealand .
Rudbārži Palace ( Latvian : Rudbāržu muižas pils ) is a palace in Rudbārži parish in Skrunda municipality in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Balik Kampung ( English : `` return to village '' ) is a Malay term for massive exodus during festive seasons such as Hari Raya Aidilfitri and Chinese New Year in Malaysia , Singapore and Brunei .
Novosibirsk Metro is a metro system in Novosibirsk , Russia .
Shahrestaneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شهرستانه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Now Khandan District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tŕnie is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Niulakita is the southernmost reef island , which is a district of Tuvalu , and the name of the only village on this island .
Arben Broci High School is a high school located in Tirana , Albania .
Metro Velódromo ( Spanish : Estación Velódromo ) is a metro station located on Line 9 of the Mexico City Metro .
The Carnamah Historical Society collects , records , preserves and promotes the history of Carnamah , a town and farming community in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
Dagstuhl Castle ( in German : Burgruine Dagstuhl or Burg Dagstuhl ) is a ruined castle on the top of a hill near the town of Wadern , kreis Merzig - Wadern , in Saarland , Germany .
The Muslim Youth University ( popularize as MYU ) , is a private research university located in the urban area of Islamabad , Pakistan .
The Azimut Hotel Murmansk is a high - rise hotel in the center of Murmansk , Russia .
Valderøy Church ( Norwegian : Valderøy kyrkje ) is a parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
James Cook University ( JCU ) is a public university and is the second oldest university in Queensland , Australia .
Challans is a commune in the Vendée département in the Pays de la Loire région in western France .
Bogdanci ( Macedonian : Богданци ( ˈbɔɡdantsi ) ) is a small town in Republic of Macedonia , close to the border with Greece .
Gir - e Kumar is the name of a mountain located in Dahuk Governorate , in northern Iraq
The Christchurch Arts Centre was a hub for arts , crafts and entertainment in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Stupart Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut , Canada .
SMS Scharnhorst ( `` His Majesty 's Ship Scharnhorst '' ) was an armored cruiser of the Imperial German Navy , built at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg , Germany .
Taşucu ( Latin : Holmi ) is a small town of Silifke , Mersin Province , Turkey .
Sovljak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Совљак ) is a village in Serbia .
Arbellara ( in Corsican Arbiddali , pronounced ( ar.bi.ˈɖːaː.li ) ) is a French commune in the Corse - du - Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .
The Ashram Road is one of the major roads in the city of Ahmedabad in India .
Oreshets , Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
One of the major attractions of Bulgaria and especially Borovets is the high standard of instruction available at a much lower cost than is common in the ski resorts of western europe .
Celaque National Park ( formally in Spanish , Parque Nacional Montaña de Celaque ) is a national park in Lempira Ocotepeque and Copán , western Honduras .
Busovača is a small town and municipality in the heart of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jambongan Island is located on the northern coast of Sabah in Malaysia .
Cryptic Fate is a progressive metal band from Bangladesh formed in the early 1990s .
Villanueva del Campo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biʎaˈnweβa ðel ˈkampo ) ) is a town located in the Province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
Lubcha ( Belarusian : Любча , Lubča , Russian : Любча , Polish : Lubcz , Yiddish : לובטש ) is a township near Neman River , in Belarus , Hrodna Voblast , Navahrudak rajon , 23 km from Navahrudak .
Ubon Ratchathani Airport ( IATA : UBP , ICAO : VTUU ) is near the city of Ubon Ratchathani , in Ubon Ratchathani Province , Northeastern Thailand .
Komodo Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Komodo ) ( IATA : LBJ , ICAO : WATO ) is an airport near the town of Labuan Bajo on the island of Flores in the East Nusa Tenggara province in Indonesia .
The Khao Ang Rue Nai Wildlife Sanctuary ( Thai : เขตรักษาพันธุ์สัตว์ป่าเขาอ่างฤๅไน ) is a protected area located at the western end of the Cardamom Mountains in Chachoengsao Province , Thailand .
Riga Civil Aviation Engineers Institute ( RCAII ) ( Russian : Рижский Краснознаменный Институт Инженеров Гражданской Авиации ) founded in 1919 is one of several major engineering higher education establishments in Soviet Latvia and USSR .
Tauresium ( Macedonian : Тауресиум , Ancient greek Tavresion , Ταυρήσιον ) or known as Gradište ( Градиште ) is an archaeological site in Macedonia , located approximately 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast of the capital Skopje .
The Lanka Sama Samaja Party ( literally Lanka Equal Society Party , in Sinhala : ලංකා සම සමාජ පක්ෂය , in Tamil : லங்கா சமசமாஜக் கட்சி ) is a Trotskyist political party in Sri Lanka .
Beisfjord Bridge ( Norwegian : Beisfjordbrua ) is a bridge that crosses the Beisfjorden on the west side of the town of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Majd al - Krum ( Arabic : مجد الكروم‎ , Hebrew : מַגְ'ד אל - כֻּרוּם Majd al - Kurum ) is an Arab town located in the Upper Galilee in Israel 's North District about 16 kilometers ( 10 miles ) east of Acre .
Cape Bouguer Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located on the south coast of Kangaroo Island in South Australia about 84 kilometres ( 52 mi ) south - west of Kingscote .
The Shire of Nebo was a local government area in Central Queensland , Queensland , Australia , about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) south - west of the regional city of Mackay .
Qarmas ( Arabic : قرمص‎ , also spelled Qurmus ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located west of Hama .
Farsia ( also spelt ( Al ) Farciya or ( El ) Farcya ) is a small settlement in north - eastern Western Sahara .
Daedeok Innopolis , formerly known as Daedeok Science Town , is the research and development district in the Yuseong - gu district in Daejeon , South Korea .
Bić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бић ) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina , above the town of Priboj .
Villawood Immigration Detention Centre ( IDC ) is an Australian immigration detention facility located in the suburb of Villawood in Sydney , Australia .
Agios Sostis is a small village located at the borders of Arcadia , Elis and Messenia regional units , in southern Greece .
Hamdon ( Hebrew : חמדון‎ , Arabic : حمدون‎ ) is an unrecognized Bedouin village in northern Israel .
Fort Whoop - Up is also the name of a replica built in Indian Battle Park , home to the largest period firearm collection in Canada .
Heggen and Frøland District Court ( Norwegian : Heggen og Frøland tingrett ) is a district court located in Mysen , Norway .
Devica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Девица ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , near the town of Sokobanja .
Obre ( Cyrillic : Обре ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kundang or Pengkalan Kundang refers to an area in Selangor , Malaysia .
Sarvezg Darreh Bid ( Persian : سروزگ دره بيد‎ , also Romanized as Sarvezg Darreh Bīd ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Vold Station ( Norwegian : Vold holdeplass ) was a railway station on the Nordland Line at Skatval in Stjørdal , Norway .
The Retków mine is a large mine in the west of Poland in Retków , Polkowice County , 350 km south - west of the capital , Warsaw .
Vereniging De Hollandsche Molen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( vəˈreːnəɣɪŋ də ˈɦɔlɑntsə ˈmoːlə(n ) ) ) ( English : Dutch Windmill Association ) is a Dutch organization founded in 1923 to preserve windmills in the Netherlands , to document them , and to restore them .
Cernadilla is a municipality located in La Carballeda comarca , province of Zamora , Castile and León , Spain .
The Lower Elbe Railway ( German : Niederelbebahn or Unterelbebahn ) , is a railway line between Hamburg and Cuxhaven in northwestern Germany , which was opened in 1881 by the Lower Elbe Railway Company ( Unterelbesche Eisenbahngesellschaft ) .
Kalvari - ye Olya ( Persian : كلواري عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kalvārī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Falard Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 449 , in 85 families .
Chah Rigi ( Persian : چاه ريگي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Rīgī ; also known as Chāh Rangī ) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District , Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Łośno ( ˈwɔɕnɔ ) ( German Lotzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Senčak pri Juršincih ( pronounced ( ˈseːntʃak pɾi ˈjuːɾʃintsix ) ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia .
Erlebnispark Tripsdrill is a wildlife and theme park near Cleebronn in Southern Germany .
Cartierville is a neighbourhood in north end Montreal , Quebec , Canada , located in the borough of Ahuntsic - Cartierville .
Fosenlinjen AS is a ferry company that operates four routes in Fosen , Norway with the two car ferries MF Nidaros I and MF Nidaros II . The company took over the ferries between Garten , Storfosna , Leksa and Værnes in 2000 from Fosen Trafikklag .
Newington College is an independent , Uniting Church , day and boarding school for boys , located in Stanmore , an inner - western suburb of Sydney , Australia .
Råbjerg Mile is a migrating coastal dune between Skagen and Frederikshavn , Denmark .
The Lapidarium of Kings is a lapidarium in Copenhagen , Denmark that exhibits a royal collection of stoneworks .
The Storming of the Bastille ( French : Prise de la Bastille ( pʁiz də la bastij ) ) occurred in Paris , France , on the morning of 14 July 1789 .
The Ponmudi Dam , in the Idukki district , State of Kerala , India , is a hydroelectric project constructed across the Panniar River , a tributary of the Periyar River which is the longest river in Kerala .
The Oulu Cemetery ( Finnish : Oulun hautausmaa ) is a cemetery located in the Intiö neighbourhood close to the city centre of Oulu , Finland .
The South Island or Te Waipounamu is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand , the other being the smaller but more populous North Island .
Kurnatowice ( kurnatɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Saghari ( Persian : ساغري‎ , also Romanized as Sāgharī and Sāgherī ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Shire of Warrnambool was a local government area located about 260 kilometres ( 162 mi ) west - southwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Pico del Águila is a peak of the mountain range called Ajusco , located in Cumbres del Ajusco National Park at the southern outskirts of Mexico City , in the borough of Tlalpan .
Simply Audiobooks launched with its core rental service , offering unlimited audiobook rentals in both the United States and Canada with free direct - to - door delivery and no due dates or late fees .
Turitea is a suburb of Palmerston North in the Manawatu - Wanganui region of New Zealand .
Uniejewo ( uɲɛˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Albelda ( Spanish : ( alˈβelda ) ; Catalan : ( əɫˈβɛɫdə ) , locally : ( aɫˈβɛɫda ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Tractorul Brașov was a football team from Brașov , Brașov County , Romania .
Medvedica ( pronounced ( mɛˈdʋeːditsa ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Sveti Jurij in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Mount Trafalgar is an extinct volcano on the north east coast of Oro Province , Papua New Guinea .
Air Caraïbes ( IATA : TX , ICAO : FWI , Call sign : French West ) is a French airline and is the regional airline of the French Caribbean which comprises two overseas departments of France :
Rachau is a municipality in the district of Murtal in Styria , Austria with 626 inhabitants .
Carpenter Rocks Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast of South Australia about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) south - west of Mount Gambier and about 1.5 kilometres ( 0.93 mi ) south east of the township of Carpenter Rocks .
Refuge de Turia is a refuge of Savoie , France .
Bajawa is a town of Flores , Indonesia and the capital of the Ngada Regency .
Tara Anglican School for Girls ( commonly referred to as Tara ) is an independent Anglican day and boarding school for girls located in North Parramatta , a western suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Member System , modeled on the cabinet system , was created by British authorities in Malaysia to provide self - governance .
Qader Khani ( Persian : قادرخاني‎ , also Romanized as Qāder Khānī ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Czaganiec ( t͡ʂaˈɡaɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Krasnoturyinsk ( Russian : Краснотурьи́нск ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Turya River ( Ob 's basin ) , 348 kilometers ( 216 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg .
The Casa de la Cacica is a 16th - century Mixtec building complex in Teposcolula , Oaxaca , Mexico .
Bad Sülze ( German pronunciation : ( baːt ˈzʏltsə ) ) is a town in the Vorpommern - Rügen district , in Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania , Germany .
Bonab ( Persian : بناب‎ ; also Romanized as Bonāb and Benāb ; also known as Bināb , Bunab , Binov , and Binev ) is a city in and the capital of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Buenos Aires City Legislature ( Spanish : Legislatura de la Ciudad Autónoma de Benos Aires , commonly known as the Legislatura Porteña ) is a central part of the Government of the City of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Chichen Itza International Airport ( IATA : CZA , ICAO : MMCT ) is an international airport located in Chichen Itza , Yucatán , Mexico , in the northern Yucatán Peninsula .
Niederöblarn Airport ( German : Flugplatz Niederöblarn , ICAO : LOGO ) is a private use airport located 1 kilometre ( 1 mi ) west - northwest of Niederöblarn , Styria , Austria .
Porz ( German : Köln - Porz ) is a city district or Stadtbezirk of Cologne , Germany .
Taichung Station ( Chinese : 臺中車站 or 台中車站 ; pinyin : Táizhōng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Mountain Line ) located in Central District , Taichung City , Taiwan .
Valeo Power Corporation is the largest electricity retail service company for industrial and commercial electricity consumers in Alberta , Canada .
Yenumulapalli is a small village near the international village Puttaparthi , in India .
The Port of Saint John is a port complex that occupies 45 hectares ( 110 acres ) of land along 3,900 m ( 12,800 ft ) of waterfront of the Saint John Harbour at the mouth of the Saint John River in the city of Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada .
Amirabad - e Keshavarzan ( Persian : اميرابادكشاورزان‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād - e Keshāvarzān ) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sim River ( Russian : Сим ) is a river in Chelyabinsk Oblast and the Republic of Bashkortostan in Russia .
Maungati is a lightly populated locality situated approximately 18 miles southwest of Timaru in the Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Ranilović ( Serbian : Раниловић ) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac , Serbia .
Eklavya Sports Stadium is cricket stadium located in Agra , Uttar Pradesh state of India .
Zuger Kantonalbank is a cantonal bank based in Switzerland .
Wola Popowa ( ˈvɔla pɔˈpɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Završe ( pronounced ( ˈzaːʋəɾʃɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia .
John Martin & Co. Ltd , colloquially known as John Martin 's or simply Johnnies , was an Adelaide - based company which ran a popular chain of department stores in South Australia .
Tutrakan ( Bulgarian : Тутракан , Romanian : Тurtucaia , Turkish : Turtukai ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , an administrative centre of the homonymous municipality , part of Silistra Province .
Thana Bulla Khan ( Urdu : تھانھ بولا خان‎ ) is town located in Jamshoro District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Pashbard ( Persian : پاش برد‎ , also Romanized as Pāshbard ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dulcinea Solar Plant ( Spanish : Planta Solar Dulcinea ) is a photovoltaic power station in Cuenca , Spain .
The Valdes Peninsula ( Spanish : Península Valdés ) is a peninsula on the Atlantic coast in the Viedma Department in the north east of Chubut Province , Argentina .
Sædding is a district of Esbjerg in southwest Jutland , Denmark , some 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) northwest of the centre and 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) southeast of Hjerting .
Kisko ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈkisko ) ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Sheykh Ghayib ( Persian : شيخ غايب‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Ghāyīb ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Depok is a city in West Java province , Indonesia on the southern border of DKI Jakarta in the Jabodetabek metropolitan region .
Haft Jubeh ( Persian : هفت جوبه‎ , also Romanized as Haft Jūbeh , Haft Chūbah , and Haft Chūbeh ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Margaret Ekpo International Airport ( IATA : CBQ , ICAO : DNCA ) , also known as Calabar Airport , is an airport serving Calabar , a city in Cross River State in Nigeria .
The Amtsberge are a relatively small ridge , up to 392.2 m above sea level ( NN ) , near Dassel in southern Lower Saxony in Germany .
Qyzylqayyng ( also known as Saratovskoye or Saratovka ) is a populated place in Almaty Region , Kazakhstan .
Oisans regularly hosts the Tour de France as well as many major sporting events on a European scale ( Super - Biker , World of Snowboarding , Skiing World , the Bike Festival , Andros Trophy or the Criterium Cyclist of Dauphiné Libéré ) .
Hardanger District Court ( Norwegian : Hardanger tingrett ) is a district court located in Lofthus , Hordaland , Norway .
Ożarów ( Polish pronunciation : ( ɔˈʐaruf ) ) is a town in Poland , in the province of Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in Opatów county ( Powiat of Opatów ) , historic Lesser Poland , with 4,906 inhabitants as of December 31 , 2004 .
Kouwo ( also Kouô ) is a village and seat ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
County Monaghan ( /ˈmʌnəhən/ MUN - ə - hən ; Irish : Contae Mhuineacháin ) is a county in Ireland .
Kolvitsa River ( Russian : Колвица ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Sonlez ( Luxembourgish : Soller , German : Soller ) is a village in Luxembourg .
Zahira College Matale , in Sri Lanka , was founded on 3 August 1942 .
Port of Townsville is a government - owned Corporation and seaport in Townsville , Queensland , Australia .
Walton Airport ( ICAO : OPLH ) is situated near Model Town , 10 km ( 6 mi ) from the city centre of Sialkot , in Punjab province of Pakistan .
Hof Hauptbahnhof ( German for Hof main station ; sometimes translated as `` Hof Central Station '' or described as `` Hof central station '' in English ) is the main railway station in Hof in southern Germany and is situated at the intersection of the Saxon - Franconian trunk line ( Magistrale ) and the Munich--
Khan Yurdi ( Persian : خانيوردي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Yūrdī and Khānyūrdī ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Massa Marittima is a town and comune of the province of Grosseto , southern Tuscany , Italy , 49 km NNW of Grosseto .
The Puerta de Bisagra ( originally Bab al - Saqra , also called ' Puerta de Alfonso VI ' ) is a city gate of Toledo , Spain , built in the 10th century , in the time of the taifa of Toledo .
Council rangers are officers employed by local government areas in Australia to enforce the by - laws of those local governments and a limited range of state laws relating to such matters as litter control , animal control , dog laws , cat laws , bush fire control , off - road vehicles , emergency management , and parking .
Hamgin ( Persian : همگين‎ , also Romanized as Hamgīn ) is a village in Hamgin Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Toosa is one of the largest villages in Punjab , India .
Eden Terrace is an inner city suburb of Auckland , located 2 km south of the Auckland CBD , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Heim Church ( Norwegian : Heim kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Our Lady of Peñafrancia ( Spanish : Nuestra Señora de Peñafrancia in the Philippines , and Nuestra Señora de la Peña de Francia or Virgen de la Peña de Francia in Spain ) is a wooden statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the Philippines patterned after the one in Peña de Francia ( Salamanca , Spain ) .
Santa Rita de Siguas District is one of the twenty - nine districts of the Arequipa Province in Peru .
The State Prison in Vridsløselille is a prison located in Albertslund in the suburbs of Copenhagen in Denmark .
The FH Aachen - Aachen University of Applied Sciences is one of the biggest Fachhochschulen in Germany with roughly 11,300 students , 220 professors , 300 contract lecturers , and 340 assistants .
General Servando Canales International Airport ( IATA : MAM , ICAO : MMMA ) is an international airport located in Matamoros , Tamaulipas , Mexico , near the U.S .- Mexico border .
Ravne pri Mlinšah ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈmliːnʃax ) ) is a settlement southeast of Mlinše in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
2MAX FM is a community radio station based in Narrabri , NSW , Australia .
Sibasa is a town in Limpopo Province , South Africa and the former capital city of the Venda bantustan .
Tuseh Chaleh ( Persian : توسه چاله‎ , also Romanized as Tūseh Chāleh ; also known as Tūseh Chālak ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hesar Shivan ( Persian : حصارشيوان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Shīvān ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Naświty ( naɕˈfitɨ ) ( German Nasewitt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ksawercin ( ksaˈvɛrt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ras Binnah is a small cape in the northeastern Bari administrative region of Somalia .
The Social Christian Unity Party ( Partido de Unidad Socialcristiana ) is a centre - right political party in Costa Rica .
German submarine U-654 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 1 June 1940 by Howaldtswerke , Hamburg as yard number 803 , launched on 3 May 1941 and commissioned on 5 July 1941 under Korvettenkapitän Hans - Joachim Hesse .
Vopovlje ( pronounced ( ˈʋoːpɔu̯ljɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Bērzpils parish ( Latvian : Bērzpils pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi Municipality , Latvia .
Spodnja Ložnica ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja lɔˈʒniːtsa ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Békés ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbeːkeːʃ ) ; Slovak : Békéš , Romanian : Bichiş ) is a town in Békés county , Hungary .
Wanchi , also sometimes erroneously spelt as `` Wonchi '' , is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia .
The Prince Christian Sound ( Greenlandic : Ikerassuaq ; Danish : Prins Christian Sund ) is a sound which separates the mainland of Greenland with the Sangmissoq ( Christian IV Island ) and other islands of the Cape Farewell Archipelago near the southernmost tip of Greenland .
Elderslea is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand , positioned about a kilometre from the Upper Hutt city centre .
Al - Shirqat is a Sunni Arab town west of the Tigris in Salah ad Din Governorate , Iraq .
The Ryonghung Gang estuary Important Bird Area comprises the 10,000 ha estuary of the Ryonghung River where it flows into the Sea of Japan in South Hamgyong Province on the eastern coast of North Korea .
The Lunsemfwa River is a tributary of the Lukasashi and Luangwa Rivers in Zambia and part of the Zambezi River basin .
Poriadie ( Hungarian : Erdősor ) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Natural Arch , Tirumala hills is a distinctive geological wonder located 1 km ( 0.6 mi ) North of the Tirumala hills temple , near the Chakra Teertham in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Alamarvdasht ( Persian : علامرودشت‎ ) is a city in and the capital of Alamarvdasht District , in Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bükkszék is a small village in the north of Hungary , near the town of Eger .
Saint - Servan is a town of western France , in Brittany , situated 2 miles from the ferry port of St Malo .
Lübbesee is a lake in Brandenburg , Germany , located in the town of Templin .
Nyaksimvol ( Russian : Някси́мволь ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Beryozovsky District of Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the left bank of the Severnaya Sosva River , 60 kilometers ( 37 mi ) southwest of Khulimsunt .
Darreh Hamyaneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : دره هميانه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Hamyāneh - ye Soflá ; also known as Darhamyāneh - ye Pā’īn and Darreh Hambāneh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Komehr Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Eglinton railway station served Eglinton in County Londonderry in Northern Ireland .
Summer services ( Finnish : Suviseurat ) is a large gathering of Laestadians in Finland .
Habitat 67 , or simply Habitat , is a model community and housing complex in Montreal , Canada , designed by Canadian architect Moshe Safdie .
Lake Sibhayi , also known as Lake Sibaya , a freshwater lake in South Africa , with a surface area of 64 km² .
Neo Sidirochori ( Greek : Νέο Σιδηροχώρι , Turkish : Cambaz ) is a village and a former municipality in the Rhodope regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
The Great Mosque of Kufa , or Masjid al - Kūfa ( Arabic : مسجد الكوفة المعظم‎ ) , or Masjid - al - Azam located in Kūfa , Iraq , is one of the earliest mosques in the world .
Takaeang is the second largest island in the Aranuka atoll of Kiribati .
Guangyang Secondary School is a government secondary school in Singapore .
The Ninh Thuận 1 Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant at Phước Dinh in Thuận Nam District , Ninh Thuận Province , Vietnam .
The Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities ( previously Shadow Minister for Women and Shadow Minister for Women and Equality ) is a position in the United Kingdom 's Official Opposition , often held together with a Shadow Cabinet post , but sometimes as a Shadow Cabinet post in its own right .
The Italian Football Federation ( Italian : Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio ; FIGC ) , also known as Federcalcio , is the governing body of football in Italy .
The Pasir Gudang Municipal Council ( MPPG ; Malay : Majlis Perbandaran Pasir Gudang ) is a local authority which administrates Pasir Gudang and other areas of the Iskandar Malaysia area .
Berdsk ( Russian : Бердск ) is a town in Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia , a satellite of Novosibirsk , situated on a bank of the Berd River .
Bekwarra is a Local Government Area in northern Cross River State , Nigeria .
Sulbiny Górne ( sulˈbinɨ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dipoli is a conference center located in Espoo , Finland as a part of the Otaniemi campus of the Aalto University ( successor of Helsinki University of Technology , TKK ) .
Roscigno is a small town and comune of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - western Italy .
Ouvrage Bréhain is part of the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes of the Maginot Line , located near the community of Bréhain - la - Ville in the Meurthe - et - Moselle département of France .
Sela pri Kamniku ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈkaːmniku ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Clady railway station in County Donegal , Republic of Ireland served the village of Clady , County Tyrone in the United Kingdom .
Barcin ( ˈbart͡ɕin ) ( German : Bartschin , 1943 - 45 Bartelstädt ) is a town in Poland , in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in Żnin County .
Sri Jayawardenepura Maha Vidyalaya is a government school in Kotte , Sri Lanka .
The Certosa di Bologna is a former Carthusian monastery ( or charterhouse ) in Bologna , northern Italy , which was founded in 1334 and suppressed in 1797 .
The Bay of Buena Vista ( Spanish : Bahia de Buena Vista ) is a bay on Cuba 's northern Atlantic shore .
The Bay of Fires ( indigenous name : larapuna ) is a bay on the northeastern coast of Tasmania in Australia , extending from Binalong Bay to Eddystone Point .
Menheniot railway station serves the village of Menheniot in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Naxxar ( Maltese : In - Naxxar ) is a town in the Northern Region of Malta , with a population of about 13,443 people as of March 2014 .
Hasan Beyg Mordeh ( Persian : حسن بگ مرده‎ ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Startenhuizen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈstɑrtənˌɦœyzən ) ) is a small town / village at the border of the municipals Eemsmond and Loppersum in the northeastern Netherlands .
Bloemendhal is a suburb in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Puerto Quijarro is a Bolivian city and an inland river port and situated on the Tamengo Canal in Bolivia , by the border with Brazil .
Rabieh ( Arabic : الرابية‎ ) is a upscale suburban area on the northern edge of Greater Beirut , Lebanon , about 20 minutes driving distance from Beirut .
Hotel Terme Millepini is a four - star hotel in Montegrotto Terme , Padua , Italy .
The Green Party of Prince Edward Island is a registered provincial political party in Prince Edward Island , Canada founded by Sharon Labchuk .
John Murray Field is home to Redlands Baseball Club in Sheldon , about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Santa Maria degli Angeli alle Croci is a Baroquestyle , Roman Catholic church in Naples , Italy , located on via Veterinaria , near the Botanical Gardens .
Poerua River is the name of two rivers in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences , Chulalongkorn University ( Thai : คณะเภสัชศาสตร์ จุฬาลงกรณ์มหาวิทยาลัย ) is the first Pharmacy school in Thailand , located in Bangkok .
Gavchali ( Persian : گاوچالي‎ , also Romanized as Gāvchālī ) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Benaceur ( Arabic : ﺑﻦ ﻧﺎﺻﺮ‎ ) ( sometimes written Ben Nasseur ) is a town and commune in Taibet District , Ouargla Province , Algeria .
The Tana Bridge ( Norwegian : Tana bru ) is a suspension bridge that crosses the Tana River in Finnmark county in Norway .
Luitingh - Sijthoff is a publishing company based in the Netherlands that releases fiction and nonfiction books for the Dutch language market .
Tahmas Gavabar ( Persian : طهماسگوابر‎ , also Romanized as Ţahmās Gavābar ; also known as Tamās Gavābar ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lakselv Church ( Norwegian : Lakselv kirke ) is a parish church in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Malahide Castle ( Irish : Caisleán Mhullach Íde ) , parts of which date to the 12th century , lies , with over 260 acres ( 1.1 km2 ) of remaining estate parkland ( the Malahide Demesne Regional Park ) , close to the village of Malahide , nine miles ( 14 km ) north of Dublin in Ireland .
Los Millares is a Chalcolithic occupation site 17 km north of Almería , in the municipality of Santa Fe de Mondújar , Andalusia , Spain .
Torrens Island Conservation Park is a protected area located on Torrens Island in South Australia about 3.9 kilometres ( 2.4 mi ) north - northeast of Port Adelaide .
The Anti - Gold Licence Association was formed in Bendigo , Victoria , Australia on 6 June 1853 .
Inozemtsevo ( Russian : Иноземцево ) is an urban locality ( a settlement ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Zheleznovodsk in Stavropol Krai , Russia .
Bonyanabad ( Persian : بنيان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bonyānābād ; also known as Bonyādābād ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zoo Lake is a popular lake and public park in Johannesburg , South Africa .
The Fan Noli University is a university based in Korçë , Albania .
MGM English Medium School , Rourkela is also known as Mar Greegorious Memorial English School is a co - ed school for girls & boys from the Pre - Primary level to the Higher Senior - Secondary level in Rourkela , India .
Novoukrainka ( Ukrainian : Новоукраїнка ) is a city in Kirovohrad Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Ferreira do Alentejo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ ) or ( fɨˈʁeɾɐ ðu ɐlẽˈtɛʒu ) ) is a town and a municipality in Beja District in Portugal .
The Zhenetskyi Huk ( Ukrainian : Женецький Гук ) or the Huk waterfall is located on the Zhenets ' river about 9 km from Tatariv village , Nadvirna Raion , Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast in western Ukraine .
Sabilal Muhtadin is the largest mosque in Banjarmasin , Indonesia , in terms of capacity to accommodate people .
Harabarjan ( Persian : هرابرجان‎ , also Romanized as Harābarjān and Herābarjān ; also known as Arāvjūn , Haravarjūn , and Harvarjun ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Grand'Anse Praslin is an administrative district of Seychelles located on the island of Praslin .
Mich ( Persian : ميچ‎‎ , also Romanized as Mīch ; also known as Hīch - e Bālā , Mīch Bālā , Mīch - e Bālā , Mīj , and Mīj - e Bālā ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Jam Factory is a shopping and entertainment centre , located in Chapel Street , South Yarra , a suburb of Melbourne , Australia .
In Amenas ( Arabic : إن أمناس‎ , `` In ' ' Amanās ) is a town and commune in eastern Algeria , bordering with Libya .
Brouckerque ( from Dutch : Broekkerke meaning `` marsh church '' ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Canoas Sport Club , usually known as Canoas is a Brazilian football club from Canoas , Rio Grande do Sul , founded by the Lutheran University of Brazil ( in Portuguese , Universidade Luterana do Brasil - ULBRA ) .
Karbówka ( karˈbufka ) ( German : Karben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gostynin ( ɡɔsˈtɨɲin ) is a town in Central Poland with 19,414 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Storozhenskiy Light ( Russian : Стороженский маяк ) , also known as Storozhno Light , is an active lighthouse in Lake Ladoga , in the Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
Bariteh ( Persian : بريته‎ , also Romanized as Barīteh ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Ruseni River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River , near the end of Lake Izvorul Muntelui in Romania .
Ghulam Muhammad Abad ( Urdu : غلام محمد آباد ‎ ) ( often shortened to G M Abad ) is the largest residential area of Faisalabad , Punjab , Pakistan .
During the growth of the City of Berlin after the 1871 unification of Germany , many peasants profited by the real estate speculation , when Schmargendorf on the eastern rim of the Grunewald forest became a popular residential area .
Punta de Vacas Heliport ( ICAO : SAML ) is a public use heliport located in Punta de Vacas , Mendoza , Argentina .
Hostýnsko - vsetínská hornatina ( English : Hostýn - Vsetín Mountains or Hostyn - Vsetin Highlands ) is a mountain range in the Czech Republic .
Svetogorsk ( Russian : Светого́рск ; Finnish : Enso ) is an industrial town in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the Karelian Isthmus , on the Vuoksa River .
The Independentist Sardinian Party ( Partidu Sardu Indipendentista , PSIn ) was a minor separatist and democratic - socialist political party in Sardinia , Italy .
Bodrum Castle ( Turkish : Bodrum Kalesi ) , located in southwest Turkey in the port city of Bodrum ( 37 ° 1′54``N 27 ° 25′46''E ) , was built from 1402 onwards , by the Knights of St John as the Castle of St. Peter or Petronium .
École secondaire publique Louis - Riel ( Louis Riel Public Secondary School ) is a high school in the Blackburn Hamlet neighbourhood of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , part of the Conseil des écoles publiques de l'Est de l'Ontario ( Eastern Ontario Public School Board ) .
Zbilidy ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzbɪlɪdɪ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Jumeirah Zabeel Saray is a resort located on the west crescent of The Palm in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Sustan ( Persian : سوستان‎ , also Romanized as Sūstān ; also known as Sīstān ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Graška Gora ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾaːʃka ˈɡɔːɾa ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
San Liberatore a Maiella is an abbey in the territory of Serramonacesca , in Abruzzo , Italy .
Dichiseni is a commune in Călăraşi County , Romania with 1863 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) .
Opobo is a city - state in the southern region of Nigeria .
The Reserva Ecológica Municipal Sierra y Cañón de Jimulco is a protected area in Torreon , Coahuila , Mexico .
Rašće ( Cyrillic : Рашће ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Meghas ( Persian : مغاث‎ , also Romanized as Meghās̄ and Meqās̄ ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Aşağı Fərəcan ( also , Ashagy - Faradzhan and Dzhafarabad ; and Harar -- Armenian : Հարար ) ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Deutschland Tour ( English : Tour of Germany and sometimes Deutschland - Rundfahrt in German ) was the most important multi - stage road bicycle race in Germany .
Ağanus ( also , Aghanus ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lake Yedigei ( Belarusian : Возера Ёдзі ) is a lake in Belarus , located in 33 km north- east of the borough of Ostrowiec , near the village of Yedigei .
Chiradzulu is a town in Malawi , and the administrative capital of the Chiradzulu District .
Montfermeil ( French pronunciation : ( mɔ̃fɛʁmɛj ) ) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris , France .
The Episcopal Church in Minnesota , also known as the Episcopal Diocese of Minnesota , is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which has jurisdiction over all of Minnesota , except Clay County , which is in the Episcopal Diocese of North Dakota .
Dehshal ( Persian : دهشال‎ , also Romanized as Dehshāl ) is a village in Dehshal Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kond Ab ( Persian : كنداب‎ , also Romanized as Kond Āb ; also known as Gandāb ) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Manjalu ( Persian : منجلو‎ , also Romanized as Manjalū and Manjelū ; also known as Manjānlū ) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kurtës is a community in the Korçë County , southeastern Albania .
CHEX - TV-2 , UHF analogue channel 22 , is a low - powered CTV - affiliated television station serving the Regional Municipality of Durham that is licensed to Oshawa , Ontario , Canada .
Nordberg is a neighbourhood in Nordre Aker in Oslo , the capital of Norway .
The Île Louviers , also known as the Île aux Javiaux , was an island in the Seine in Paris , France , that was attached to the bank in the nineteenth century .
The Villa di Montevettolini is a Medici villa in the comune of Monsummano Terme , Tuscany , central Italy .
Peltos whistle - stop ( Finnish : Pellon seisake , Swedish : Åkers hållplats ) was a railway halt in Espoo , Finland midway between Espoo railway station & Kauklahti railway station , about 1.8 km from each .
Mowtowr - e Faqir Mohammad Jadgal ( Persian : موتورفقيرمحمدجدگال‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Faqīr Moḩammad Jadgāl ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Midleton railway station is a railway station situated in Midleton , a town in south - eastern County Cork , in Ireland .
Hjo is a locality and the seat of Hjo Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden It had 6,094 inhabitants in 2010 .
The LGV Atlantique is a high - speed railway line running from Paris ( Gare Montparnasse ) to Western France .
Sierra de Gredos Regional Park ( in Spanish `` Parque Regional de la Sierra de Gredos '' ) is a protected natural area in Spain , covering 86,397 hectares .
The University of Vicenza was a medieval university located in the town of Vicenza in the Veneto region of Italy .
Breda International Airport ( Dutch : Breda International Airport ( ICAO : EHSE ) ) is a small general aviation airfield located next to the A58 motorway on the outskirts of Bosschenhoofd , a village in the municipality of Halderberge in the province of North Brabant in the Netherlands .
Saalfeld ( German : Saalfeld / Saale ) is a town in Germany , capital of the Saalfeld - Rudolstadt district of Thuringia .
Nowy Złaków ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈzwakuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mastakh ( Russian : Мастах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Lyuchcheginsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 285 kilometers ( 177 mi ) from Sangar , the administrative center of the district .
The Virgin Islands Party ( VIP ) is a political party in the British Virgin Islands led by former Minister Julian Fraser .
The coastal Harappan site at Sokhta Koh ( also known as Sotka Koh ) , ' burnt hill ' was first surveyed by an American archaeologist George F Dales in 1960 , while exploring estuaries along the Makran coast , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Operation Frequent Wind was the final phase in the evacuation of American civilians and `` at - risk '' Vietnamese from Saigon , South Vietnam prior to the takeover of the city by the North Vietnamese Army ( PAVN ) in the Fall of Saigon .
Taiser Town or Taiser Town Scheme-45 ( Urdu : تیسر ٹاؤن ‎ ) is one of the neighborhoods of Malir Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Bieniowice ( bjɛɲɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Bienau : until 1937 : Bienowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gutulia National Park ( Norwegian : Gutulia nasjonalpark ) is smallest national park in Norway .
Karun County ( Persian : شهرستان کارون‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
XHQD - FM is a radio station located in the city of Chihuahua , Mexico , known as Romance 95.7 .
Sidi Amrane ( Arabic : ﺳﻴﺪي ﻋﻤﺮان‎ ) ( also written Sīdī Amran ) is a town and commune in Djamaa District , El Oued Province , Algeria , 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) south of Djamaa .
Saltängen is a part of Norrköping , Sweden .
Raahe Museum ( or the Museum of Raahe ) is the oldest museum of local history and culture in Finland .
Velykyi Burluk is an urban - type settlement in Ukraine , the administrative center of the Velykyi Burluk Raion in Kharkiv Oblast .
The Eyschen Ministry was in office in Luxembourg for 27 years , from 22 September 1888 to 12 October 1915 , when Paul Eyschen died .
Gut Muri ( Persian : گوت موري‎ , also Romanized as Gūt Mūrī ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vinstradal valley is located in Oppdal municipality , Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Erftstadt is a town located about 20 km south - west of Cologne in the Rhein - Erft - Kreis , state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Chinese calligraphy is a form of calligraphy widely practiced in China and revered in the Chinese cultural sphere , which often includes Japan , Taiwan , Korea and Vietnam .
Vangin ( Persian : ونگين‎ , also Romanized as Vangīn and Wangin ) is a village in Niyarak Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Andrea Navarra ( born 25 February 1971 ) is a former rally driver from Italy .
Reyhan Şahin ( born July 3 , 1980 or 1981 in Bremen , Germany ) , also known as Lady `` Bitch '' Ray , is a German - speaking rapper , radio host and actor of Turkish ethnicity .
James A. Fraser ( July 27 , 1843 -- July 1937 ) was a gold miner and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Eduardo Lorente Ginesta ( born May 24 , 1977 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a freestyle swimmer from Spain , who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 2000 in Sydney , Australia .
Orisha Sound was born June 21 , 1988 in Oslo , Norway and moved to Saint Petersburg , Russia as a little girl .
George Barnaby is a former territorial level politician from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Mohammad - Ali Rajai ( Persian : محمدعلی رجائی‎‎ ; 15 June 1933 -- 30 August 1981 ) was the president of Iran from 2 to 30 August 1981 after serving as prime minister under Abolhassan Banisadr .
Ricardo Herz ( born 1978 ) is a violinist from São Paulo , Brazil .
Kaspars Gerhards ( born 7 February 1969 , in Jelgava , Latvia ) is a Latvian politician of the TB / LNNK party and was Minister of Transport of Latvia from 12 March 2009 to 3 November 2010 .
Joseph Arshad is the Roman Catholic Bishop of Faisalabad in Pakistan .
Dhirendra Chand is a Nepalese cricketer who has played for the Nepal national cricket team since 2005 .
Emilio Arenales Catalán ( May 10 , 1922 -- April 17 , 1969 ) was the foreign minister of Guatemala from 1966 to 1969 and the president of the United Nations Twenty - Third General Assembly from 1968 to 1969 .
Samuel Lustenberger ( born 20 January 1985 in Lucerne , Switzerland ) is a naturalized Dominican footballer of Swiss descent , who currently plays as midfielder .
Redmond Christopher Fernandez Domingo ( born August 15 , 1985 in Manila , Philippines ) , simply known as Cogie Domingo , is a Filipino actor and model .
Darya Stepanyuk ( Ukrainian : Дар'я Степанюк , also Daria Stepaniuk , born 22 May 1990 in Kharkiv , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian swimmer .
Einar Bergsland ( 11 December 1909 -- 12 July 1982 ) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who later became a promoter for the Holmenkollen ski festival , for alpine skiing in Norway , and for the FIS .
Randolph Isham Stow ( 17 December 1828 -- 17 September 1878 ) was an English - born Australian Supreme Court of South Australia judge .
Jean Vuarnet ( born January 18 , 1933 in Le Bardo , Tunisia ) is a former ski racer from France .
Ana Isabel Alonso ( born 16 August 1961 in Villaherreros , Palencia ) is a former long - distance runner from Spain , who represented her native country in three Summer Olympics : 1988 , 1996 and 2000 .
Mamdouh Mahmud Salim ( Arabic : ممدوح محمود سالم‎ , Mamdūḥ Maḥmūd Sālim ; b. 1958 in Sudan ) is a Sudanese alleged co - founder of the Islamist terrorist network al - Qaeda .
Chris Reason is a senior reporter and presenter for Seven News in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Emperor Antoku ( 安徳天皇 Antoku - tennō ) ( December 22 , 1178 -- April 25 , 1185 ) was the 81st emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Norbert Pohlmann ( born 20 March 1960 in Ratingen , West Germany ) is a computer scientist and a professor at the Westphalia University of Applied Sciences Gelsenkirchen .
Juan Manuel Santos Calderón ( Spanish : ( xwan maˈnwel ˈsantos kaldeˈɾon ) ; born 10 August 1951 ) is the 32nd and current President of Colombia , in office since 2010 .
Maritta Becker ( born March 11 , 1981 in Heilbronn , West Germany ) is a German ice hockey forward and coach .
In 2006 , Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon , co - founder of TradeDoubler , set up Spotify AB in Stockholm , Sweden .
Daniel Norouzi ( Persian : دنیل نوروزی‎‎ ; born 3 January 1992 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Vejle Boldklub in Denmark as a left back .
Henry Allcock ( baptised January 26 , 1759 -- February 22 , 1808 ) was a judge and political figure in Upper and Lower Canada .
Ilona Kickbusch ( born 27 August 1948 in Munich , Germany ) is recognized throughout the world for her contribution to health promotion and global health .
Masood Azhar ( Urdu : محمد مسعود اظہر ) is the founder and leader of the militant group Jaish - e - Mohammed , a militant group based mainly in the Pakistan - administered portion of the state of Kashmir .
Michelle van Eimeren ( born 15 March 1972 ) is a beauty queen from Brisbane , Australia .
Baldev Singh ( Hindi : बलदेव सिंह ) was an Indian Sikh political leader , he was an Indian independence movement leader and the first Defence Minister of India .
Brother Armin Luistro , FSC born December 24 , 1961 in Lipa , Batangas , Philippines ) is a Filipino Lasallian Brother , who is the current secretary of the Department of Education of the Philippines .
Daphne Clair de Jong ( born 1939 in New Zealand ) is a popular New Zealand writer of over 75 romance novels since 1977 as Daphne Clair and Daphne de Jong , and under the pseudonyms Laurey Bright , Clair Lorel , and Clarissa Garland , and she also publishes poetry and articles .
Piotr Paleczny ( b. May 10 , 1946 in Rybnik , Poland ) is a Polish classical pianist , winner of the 3rd prize of the International Frederick Chopin Piano Competition in 1970 .
Kottarapattu Chattu Kuttan ( Sinhalese : කොට්ටරපට්ටු චට්ටු කුට්ටන් ) was an iconic Sri Lanka doorman at the Galle Face Hotel in Colombo .
Sittipong Manaowarn ( Thai : สิทธิพงษ์ มะนาวหวาน ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Jukka Mönkkönen ( born 16 August 1959 in Kuopio , Finland ) is a Finnish Professor of Biopharmacy who was appointed as the Rector of the University of Eastern Finland for a five - year term of office that began on 1 January 2015 .
Përparim Dervishi ( born 29 August 1955 in Kavajë ) served as Albania 's Director General of Customs from 2005 - -2009 .
Drew Neemia is a New Zealand television personality and artist .
Mati Karmin ( born 1959 ) is one of Estonia 's most renowned contemporary sculptors .
Carmen Vallejo ( La Plata , Argentina , November 26 , 1922 -- Buenos Aires , Argentina , April 20 , 2013 ) was an Argentinian actress and comedian .
Will Ribeiro ( born February 17 , 1983 ) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist and Luta Livre Esportiva ( brown belt ) practitioner , fighting out of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Mihovil Logar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миховил Логар ; Rijeka , Croatia , 6 October 1902 -- Belgrade , Serbia , 13 January 1998 ) was a composer and music writer .
Tero Kalliolevo ( born 1977 ) from Finland is the Nordic countries ' most successful quiz player in international competitions .
Hugo Batalla Parentini ( July 11 , 1926 -- October 3 , 1998 ) , Uruguayan politician , was Vice President of Uruguay from 1995 to 1998 during the presidency of Julio María Sanguinetti .
Sir John Henniker Heaton , 1st Baronet ( 18 May 1848 -- 8 September 1914 ) was a United Kingdom Member of Parliament and a postal reformer and journalist in Australia .
Jethro Dionisio ( born January 24 , 1972 in Manila , National Capital Region ) is a shooter from the Philippines .
Karbala'i Kazem Karimi Saruqi ( Persian:کربلایی کاظم ساروقی ) ( born:1262 SH , Saruq , Markazi Arak , Iran - died 1339 SH , Qom ) as illiterate person .
Kwon Jun ( Korean : 권준 ; born 12 October 1987 in Pyeongtaek , South Korea ) is a South Korean footballer .
Air Commodore Gbolahan Mudasiru ( 1945 - 23 September 2003 ) was a Nigerian officer who was appointed Governor of Lagos State , Nigeria , holding office between January 1984 and August 1986 during the military regimes of General Muhammadu Buhari and his successor General Ibrahim Babangida .
Gordon Fitzell ( born 1968 in Portage la Prairie , Manitoba , Canada ) is a composer , concert organizer , and professor of music .
Bradley Iles ( born 23 August 1983 ) is a professional golfer from New Zealand who currently plays on the Nationwide Tour .
Nevertheless , Te Kooti established a faith named Ringatū ( `` upraised hand '' ) which gained many followers , and is still present in New Zealand society today .
Tawfeeq Abdul Razzaq Al Hosani is a UAE football Midfielder who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup .
Shaykh Sulayman Bal ( died 1775 ) was an 18th - century African leader , warrior , and Islamic scholar , from the Futa Toro region in what is today western Mali .
Amirul Hafiq Azmi ( born 8 December 1996 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian Grand Prix motorcycle racer .
Varsha Raffel ( also Varsha Raphael ; b. 20 March 1975 in Gorakhpur , Uttar Pradesh ) is a One Day International cricketer who represents India .
Ta Mok was the last leading member of the Khmer Rouge to remain at large in Cambodia ; other senior figures had died or already made immunity deals with the government of Hun Sen , including Nuon Chea , Khieu Samphan and Ieng Sary .
Marilyn Lightstone ( born 28 June 1940 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a Canadian film , television and voice actress and writer .
Priya Banerjee family hails from Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Born in Boekel , Netherlands as the only son of five children to Peter and Dianne van Asseldonk , Hannes van Asseldonk tested a kart for the first time towards the end of the 2006 season , before electing to compete in Junior Rotax Max in 2007 .
Ali Haider born in a Urdu Speaking family of Karachi located in Pakistan .
Robert S. Copeland ( 1800 -- February 5 , 1885 ) was a merchant , shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Peri Sandria ( born on 23 September 1969 ) is an Indonesian football player and manager that previously plays for Persib Bandung in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division .
Riccardo Marchesini ( Vigevano , Italy , 3 July 1963 ) is an Italian canoer and paracanoer , gold medalist at the 2010 World Cup .
Errol Lee , the son of music producer Bunny Lee and singer Merlene Webber was born in Kingston Jamaica .
Jákup Pauli Gregoriussen ( born April 24 , 1932 in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands ) is the leading architect of the Faroe Islands .
Derek Mandell ( born in Tamuning , Guam ) is a Guamanian sprinter .
Post Bahadur Bogati ( 18 July 1953 -- 15 September 2014 ) represented Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) in the CA Election-2008 .
Deputy Commissioner of Police Tan Sri G/4218 Khoo Chong Kong ( died : 13 November 1975 ) was a Perak state police chief during Communist Insurgency War ( 1968 - 1989 ) in Malaysia .
Jamal Taslaq ( born 1970 ) is a Palestinian high fashion designer living and working in Italy .
Hasan Bagheri ( Persian : حسن باقری‎‎ , February 25 , 1956 , Tehran - January 29 , 1983 , Fakke ) with true name of Gholamhosayn Afshordi was the young commander of Iran in Iran - Iraq wartime .
Dorothy Patrick was born Dorothea Davis on June 3 , 1921 , in St. Boniface , Manitoba , Canada of Scot - English heritage from a family of farmers , ranchers and Canadian National Railway workers .
George Henry Martin Johnson ( Onwanonsyshon ) ( October 7 , 1816 -- February 19 , 1884 ) was a member of the Wolf clan and selected as a hereditary chief of the Mohawk of the Six Nations in Canada ; he also served as an official interpreter and informal diplomat between the Mohawk and Canadian governments .
Esther Moreno is a member of an extended wrestling family founded by her father Alfonso Moreno who was both a wrestler and a wrestling promoter and her mother who took over promoting wrestling in Arena Azteca Budokan in Nezahualcoyotl , Mexico State after Alfonso Moreno died .
In the Republic of Macedonia Todor Aleksandrov , who previously was dismissed as Bulgarophile , has been recently added to the country 's historical heritage .
Bruce Purchase ( 2 October 1938 -- 5 June 2008 ) was a New Zealand - born actor known for his roles on stage and television .
Hilbram Dunar ( born in Banda Aceh , Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam ) is television presenter , radio broadcaster , Book Author , Public Speaking Trainer and Motivation Speaker master of ceremonies , and entertainer from Indonesia .
Tyron Akins ( born 6 January 1986 ) is a US - born hurdler competing internationally for Nigeria .
Pierre Carette ( born 21 September 1952 in Charleroi , Belgium ) was the leader of the Belgian extreme - left terrorist group Communist Combatant Cells or CCC .
David Kakon is a music producer based out of Montreal , Canada .
Abul Bashar ( Bengali : আবুল বাশার ) is a popular Bengali writer from the state of West Bengal in India .
Anthony Eze Enwereuzor is a Nigerian politician and member of the 4th National Assembly representing Aba North / Aba South constituency of Abia State under the flagship of the All Nigeria Peoples Party .
Franz Ullrich was born on the 22 July 1830 in the small town of Maikammer , Germany .
Alan Schirnack ( born 28 November 1986 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wests Tigers in the National Rugby League ( NRL ) .
Meera Sanyal ( née Hiranandani , 15 October 1961 ) is the former CEO & chairman of the Royal Bank of Scotland in India .
Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor ( born 1968 ) is a Kenyan writer , who was named `` Woman of the Year '' by Eve Magazine in Kenya in 2004 for her contribution to the country 's literature and arts .
Shanti Snyder ( born 4 June 1981 ) , better known as Shanti , is a Japanese lyricist , singer , songwriter , and music TV host of mixed descent , based in Japan and hailing from Kanagawa Prefecture .
Erik Kurmangaliev ( December 31 , 1959 -- November 13 , 2007 ) was a Russian - Kazakh opera singer , actor and a leading public figure in Russia 's perestroika music scene .
Kim Gu - yong ( 김구용 ) ' , pen name of Kim Kku ( February 5 , 1922 to December 28 , 2001 ) , was a poet and calligrapher living in what is now South Korea .
Nobuhiko Takada made his professional wrestling debut in 1981 against Norio Honaga , for New Japan Pro Wrestling , where he started his career as a Junior Heavyweight .
Baron Horace Günzburg ( Baron Goratsii Evzelevich Gintsburg , Барон Гораций Евзелевич Гинцбург , ( Naftali - Gerts Evzelevich Gintsburg ) February 8 , 1833 in Zvenigorodka , government ( guberniya ) of Kiev , Russia -- March 2 , 1909 in St. Petersburg , buried in Paris ) was a Russian philanthropist .
Ji Wallace ( born 23 June 1977 in Lismore , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian gymnast and Olympic trampoline silver medalist .
Macarena Achaga Figueroa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( makaˈɾena aˈtʃaɣa ) ; born March 5 , 1992 in Mar del Plata , Argentina ) known professionally as Macarena Achaga , is an Argentine model , actress , singer , and television hostess .
Errol Damelin grew up in a Jewish family in Klerksdorp , a small town in rural South Africa , where his father was a country doctor who later specialised as an anaesthesiologist .
Christine Daaé was born in a town near Uppsala , Sweden .
Pablo Aurrecochea ( born March 3 , 1981 in Artigas , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for CA Atlanta .
Jean Jacques Vioget ( 1794 - -1855 ) , originally from Switzerland , was a surveyor and sea captain , who came to California in 1837 .
Jochen Rindt was born in Mainz , Germany , to an Austrian mother and German father , but his parents were killed in a bombing raid in Hamburg during the Second World War , when he was just one year old .
Nicole Flint ( born 15 May 1988 ) is a South African model , radio and TV presenter and public relations professional from Pretoria who was crowned Miss South Africa 2009 .
Felipe Kitadai ( born July 28 , 1989 ) is a judoka from Brazil of Japanese origin .
Zakaria Asidah ( born June 22 , 1972 in Frederiksberg , Hovedstaden , Denmark ) is a Danish Taekwondo athlete .
Dominique Lorentz is a French investigative journalist who has written books on the stakes and reality of nuclear proliferation , as well as a film documentary , La République Atomique ( `` The Atomic Republic '' ) , which related terrorist acts in France in the 1980s to the nuclear program of Iran .
Tatiana Okupnik vel Tatiana ( born September 2 , 1978 , Łódź , Poland ) is a Polish singer , composer and songwriter .
Mahfoud Nahnah ( 27 January 1942 -- 19 June 2003 ) ( Arabic:محفوظ نحناح ) was the leader of the Islamist political party Movement of Society for Peace ( Hamas ) in Algeria .
Aged 13 , Ondina Valla was already considered one of Italy 's top athletes .
Hans Dahl was born in the village of Granvin , on the Hardangerfjord , in the county of Hordaland in Norway .
Tom Waller ( born Thomas de Warrenne Waller on 4 April 1974 in Bangkok , Thailand ) is a film director and producer .
Dhananjoy Chatterjee ( 14 August 1965 -- 14 August 2004 ) was born in Kuludihi , West Bengal , India and worked as a security guard in Kolkata .
General Ignatius Kutu Acheampong ( /əˈtʃæmˈpɒŋ/ ə - CHAM - PONG ) ( 23 September 1931 -- 16 June 1979 ) was a military head of state of Ghana who ruled from 13 January 1972 to 5 July 1978 , when he was deposed in a palace coup .
Enrique García ( 20 November 1912 -- 23 August 1969 ) was an Argentine football left winger who won the Copa América on two occasions with the Argentina national team .
Rodrigo Grande ( born February 10 , 1974 , Rosario , Santa Fe Province , Argentina ) is an Argentine film director and screenplay writer .
The daughter of an architect , Ulrike Draesner grew up in Munich , Germany .
Christian Abt ( born 8 May 1967 ) is a race car driver born in Kempten , Germany , into a family of amateur race drivers and car dealers .
Stefan Gimpl ( Leogang , October 31 , 1979 ) is a professional snowboarder from Austria .
Arthur Dwight Ross was born 18 March 1907 , in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Paul Shabangu ( born c. 1943 ) served as acting Prime Minister of Swaziland from 29 September 2003 to November 2003 .
Mahendra Bahadur Pandey , academician and a politburo member of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) , assumed the post of the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala - led government .
Like many of the Hague School alumni , Jacob Maris had enormous success in the Netherlands and abroad .
Diarmait mac Cerbaill ( died c. 565 ) was King of Tara or High King of Ireland .
Hamidullah Amin ( born 1941 ) is a politician in Afghanistan , serving as the chancellor of Kabul University since 2008 .
James Scott Maclaurin ( 8 November 1864 - -19 January 1939 ) was a New Zealand analytical chemist .
Tony Peakewas born in Johannesburg , South Africa in 1951 to English parents .
George Grigore was born in the village of Grindu , Ialomița ( southeastern Romania ) , on 2 February 1958 .
Mohammad Roshandel ( Persian : محمد روشند‌دل‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Sepahan in the Iran Pro League .
Danijel Ćulum ( born August 19 , 1989 ) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for FK Radnik Bijeljina in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Born on River Road in St. Vital , Manitoba , to Sara Riel and Camille Teillet , Roger Teillet was a direct descendant of Marie - Anne Gaboury and Jean - Baptiste Lagimodière , who were the first white settlers in Canada 's west and also were the grandparents of Louis Riel .
Millie Williamson ( born 28 November 1999 in Christchurch ) is a New Zealand artistic gymnast .
Javier Castillo ( born August 29 , 1983 in Chitré , Herrera Province , Panama ) is a minor league baseball player who is most notable for being on Panama 's roster for the 2006 World Baseball Classic and 2009 World Baseball Classic .
Lt . Colonel ( later Brigadier ) Umaru Mohammed was appointed Governor of North - Western State in Nigeria in July 1975 at the start of the military regime of General Murtala Mohammed .
Paul Reitsma ( born January 22 , 1948 ) is a former member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada , for the electoral district of Parksville - Qualicum .
Cynthia Deyanira Rodríguez Ruiz ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsintja roˈðɾiɣes ) ; born May 8 , 1984 in Monclova , Coahuila , Mexico ) is a Mexican singer and reality television personality .
François Zalacain ( born 11 February 1940 in France ) is a record producer and the founder of Sunnyside Records .
Bernhard Fuchs ( * 1971 in Haslach a.d . Mühl / Upper Austria ) is an Austrian photographer .
Patrick Ngcobo ( died February 1 , 2015 ) was a Carnatic classic musician born in Kloof ( Gillets ) , Durban , South Africa .
Mohammad Afand ( Persian : محمد آفند ; born April 11 , 1984‎ ) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Fajr Sepasi in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Alejandro Daniel Islas Arroyo ( born 24 May 1992 in Mexico State , Mexico ) is a Mexican diver .
Péter Pázmándy ( 7 June 1938 -- 23 March 2012 ) was a Hungarian football player and coach , active primarily in Switzerland .
D. Paio Peres Correia , a notable medieval Portuguese Christian conqueror of the Reconquista , who was born c. 1205 , in Monte de Fralães , parish of Barcelos in Portugal .
Alcides González ( born in Tres Lagunas ( Formosa ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine soccer player for Ferrocarril Midland of the Primera C in Argentina .
Robert Alan Clay ( born 2 October 1946 ) , known as Bob Clay , is a left - wing politician , formerly Labour MP , in the United Kingdom .
George Carey was born on 13 November 1935 in the East End of London in the United Kingdom .
Djibo Bakary ( 1922 - -1998 ) was a socialist politician and important figure in the independence movement of Niger .
Jacques Perret was a French architect in the service of the Catholic King Henry IV of France .
Born Yosefa Dahari , she lives in Israel .
Jesús María Sanz - Serna ( born 12 June 1953 in Valladolid , Spain ) is a mathematician who specializes in applied mathematics .
Wolfgang Plagge ( born 23 August 1960 in Oslo , Norway by Dutch parents ) is a Norwegian composer and pianist .
Peter Taptuna ( born 1956 ) is a Canadian politician serving as the third and current Premier of Nunavut , the largest territory in Northern Canada .
Oliver Sean Plunket ( born 9 September 1964 ) is a New Zealand broadcast journalist .
James McGill Strachan ( July 1 , 1808 -- January 22 , 1870 ) was a lawyer , business and political figure in Canada West .
Nontapan Jeansatawong ( Thai : นนทพันธ์ เจียรสถาวงศ์ , born September 2 , 1982 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Wing Commander Mohammed Ndatsu Umaru was a Military Governor of Kwara State , Nigeria from August 1985 to December 1987 , and then of Kano State from December 1987 to July 1988 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Daníel Bjarnason ( born 26 February 1979 ) is a composer and conductor from Iceland .
Tetsuro Nariyama ( 成山 哲郎 born November 21 , 1947 ) was born in Yamadera , Yamagata Prefecture and is a Japanese aikido teacher , the technical director of the Shodokan Aikido Federation and chief instructor ( Shihan ) of the Shodokan Hombu Dojo in Osaka , Japan .
Grigol Mgaloblishvili ( Georgian : გრიგოლ მგალობლიშვილი , pronounced ( ɡriɡɔl mɡalɔbliʃvili ) ; born 7 October 1973 ) is a Georgian politician and diplomat who has been Georgia 's Permanent Representative to NATO since 26 June 2009 .
Azem Bejta ( 1889 - -1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .
Rune Lorentsen ( born October 8 , 1961 in Tromsoe , Norway ) is a Norwegian wheelchair curler .
Grace Bawden ( born 7 October 1992 ) is an Australian classical crossover singer , who has been dubbed `` Australia 's greatest operatic discovery '' , after becoming the Judge 's Choice Grand Finalist on the TV talent show Australia 's Got Talent in 2008 .
Annika Larsson ( Stockholm , Sweden , 1972 ) is a contemporary artist living in Berlin .
Wolfgang Haken ( born June 21 , 1928 in Berlin , Germany ) is a mathematician who specializes in topology , in particular 3-manifolds .
Cornelis Adriaan Lobry van Troostenburg de Bruyn ( 1 January 1857 -- 23 July 1904 ) was a chemist from the Netherlands .
Swami Prakashanand Saraswati or Swamiji ( Hindi : स्वामी प्रकाशानंद सरस्वती ) ( born 1929 ) is a convicted felon and child molester , spiritual leader , social reformer and award winning author from Ayodhya , India who founded Radha Madhav Dham in the United States .
Born in Enugu , Nigeria on March 1 , 1980 , Anthony Njokuani and his family immigrated to the United States in 1983 , settling in Garland , Texas .
Hare Te Rangi is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand Māori at the 2000 World Cup .
Beppe Costa ( born Concetto Costa , on 25 August 1941 , Catania , Italy ) is an Italian poet , novelist and publisher .
Katarzyna Pełczyńska - Nałęcz ( born October 26 , 1970 , Warsaw ) is the Ambassador of Poland to Russia , who succeeded Wojciech Zajączkowski in the fall of 2014 .
Pankaj Mishra ( Paṅkaja Miśrā ; born 1969 , Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh , India ) is an Indian essayist and novelist and a recipient of the 2014 Windham--
Germán Cardona Gutiérrez ( born 28 December 1956 ) is a Colombian politician who served as the 9th Minister of Transport of Colombia in the Administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón from 2010 to 2012 .
Javier Martínez Resendiz ( born January 10 , 1988 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC International Silver Minimumweight Champion .
Arnold Vinnius ( 4 January 1588 , Monster -- 1 September 1657 , Leiden ) was one of the leading jurists of the 17th century in the Netherlands .
Ashtech ( born Andrea Nicoletti , December 15 , 1973 , Italy ) is an Italian producer , bass player and solo artist .
Robin McAuley ( born 20 January 1953 , County Meath , Ireland ) is an Irish rock vocalist known mostly for his work in McAuley Schenker Group and before that Grand Prix with whom he recorded two albums .
Praveen D Rao is a noted Indian Music director and a lyricist for Kannada language Songs with an International Reputation based in Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Elias Charalambous ( Greek : Ηλίας Χαραλάμπους ; born 25 September 1980 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a left back for AEK Larnaca and the Cyprus national football team .
Tim Selwyn ( born 1974 , Takapuna ) is a New Zealand political activist who was found guilty of sedition on 8 June 2006 , the first person charged with sedition in New Zealand for more than 30 years .
Jiří Granát ( born 28 January 1955 ) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Maya Vik ( born February 12 , 1980 ) is a `` Norwegian Grammy '' ( Spellemannprisen ) winning singer , songwriter , and bass player from Norway .
Angelo Bollano Bisio ( 6 July 1918 -- 1978 ) was an Italian football player who played in Italy for Sampierdarenese , Liguria , AC Milan , Fiorentina and Spezia , as well as for Marseille in France and Real Murcia in Spain .
Servant of God Rhoel Gallardo , C.M.F. , ( 29 November 1965 -- 3 May 2000 ) was a Roman Catholic Claretian missionary martyred in Basilan , the Philippines .
Mutaz Kailouni ( Arabic : معتز كيلوني‎ ; born 10 March 1985 in Latakia , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Jöns Gerekesson ( as Archbishop Latinized to Johannes Gerechini , also Jón Gerreksson ) ( died 1433 ) was a controversial Archbishop of Uppsala , Sweden 1408 - -1421 , and of Iceland 1426 - -1433 until he was drowned .
Felix Landau ( May 21 , 1910 , Vienna , Austria - 1983 ) , was a SS Hauptscharführer , a member of an Einsatzkommando during World War II , based first in Lwów , Poland ( today Lviv , Ukraine ) , and later in Drohobycz .
Taies Farzan is an Iranian - German film actress who was born in Iran and thereafter moved to Germany with her parents at early age of 14 .
Athanasios Miaoulis ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Μιαούλης , 1815 -- 7 June 1867 ) was a Greek military officer and prime Minister of Greece .
Patricia Hekia Parata ( born 1 November 1958 ) is a New Zealand politician and member of the House of Representatives of New Zealand , having been elected to parliament in the 2008 general election .
Ines Diers ( born 2 November 1963 in Rochlitz ) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany .
Bree Robertson ( born 6 July 1982 in Gosford , New South Wales , Australia ) is an actress , fashion model and contortionist who represented Australia in rhythmic gymnastics and was one of the country 's top elite international gymnasts .
Marko V. Jaric ( Марко Вукобрат Јарић , born March 17 , 1952 in Belgrade , Serbia ; died October 25 , 1997 in College Station , Texas ) was a Serbian - American physicist .
Robert William Hugh O'Neill , 1st Baron Rathcavan PC PC ( Ire ) DL ( 8 June 1883 -- 28 November 1982 ) , known as Sir Hugh O'Neill , Bt , from 1929 to 1953 , was an Ulster Unionist member of both the Parliament of the United Kingdom and the Parliament of Northern Ireland .
Grisha Ivanov ( Bulgarian : Гриша Иванов ; born 16 January 1985 ) is a football striker from the Bulgaria currently playing for Brestnik 1948 .
Carmen Ramírez Degollado ( born 1940 , Xalapa ) is an internationally recognized expert on traditional Mexican food , head of the El Bajío restaurants located in Mexico City .
Lev Polugaevsky was born in Mogilev in the Soviet Union ( now Mahilyow , Belarus ) .
Yassamin Maleknasr ( also spelt Yasman Malek - Nasr , born 19 May 1955 Tehran , Iran ) is an internationally acclaimed Iranian filmmaker and actress .
Gregorio Aglipay Cruz y Labayan ( Latin : Gregorius Aglipay ; 5 May 1860 -- 1 September 1940 ) was a former Catholic priest who became the first head of the Iglesia Filipina Independiente , an independent Catholic Church in the form of a national church in the Philippines .
Grega Benedik ( born May 11 , 1962 ) is a former Slovenian alpine skier who represented Yugoslavia at the Olympics in 1984 in Sarajevo and 1988 in Calgary .
Kjell Inge Røkke ( born 25 October 1958 in Molde ) is a Norwegian businessman and among the richest people in Norway , controlling the Norwegian company Aker Solutions .
Daniel Mojsov was already a Macedonian under-21 international when he made his debut for the Macedonia national football team as a second - half substitute in a friendly against Montenegro on 19 November 2008 .
Aleksandr Ivanovich Laktionov Александр Иванович Лактионов ( 16 May 1910 -- 15 March 1972 ) was a Socialist realism painter in the post - war Soviet Union .
Robert Mitford Pinder ( December 14 , 1890 -- 1946 ) was a pharmacist , entrepreneur and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Monika Niederstätter ( born 2 March 1974 in Merano , Italy ) is a former 400 m hurdler ( near the end of her career she switched to 400 metres ) , that won four medals at the International athletics competitions .
Bastian Kolmsee ( born 11 March 1981 in Engelskirchen , Germany ) is a German racing driver who won the 2004 German Formula 3 Championship .
Sigmar Berg ( born 1975 , Austria ) is an artist , photographer , and fashion designer best known for founding + Beryll in Los Angeles , California in 2006 .
Jacob Pins was born in Höxter , Germany , the son of Dr Leo Pins , a veterinarian , and his wife Ida Lipper .
Dodë Gjergji was born on in Stubëll , SFR Yugoslavia ( modern Kosovo ) .
Richal Leitoe ( born 19 April 1983 in Willemstad , Curaçao , in the former Netherlands Antilles ) is a former football player who last played for Excelsior Maassluis in the Dutch Topklasse .
Elena Carrión de la Lastra ( born August 3 , 1970 ) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from Spain , who represented her native country at two consecutive Olympic Games : in 1996 and 2000 .
Henry Chidley Reynolds ( 1849 - -1925 ) was a New Zealand farm manager , butter manufacturer and exporter .
Gloria Karamañites born Panama City , ( Panamá ) , is a Panamanian beauty pageant contestant winner of the Miss Panamá 1980 title .
Alexander Paterson O'Shea ( 29 December 1902 -- 24 December 1990 ) was a New Zealand shepherd , clerk , farmers '' union leader , political lobbyist and meat industry representative .
Uriah Grant ( born January 20 , 1961 , in St. Andrew , Jamaica ) was a professional boxer who held the IBF Cruiserweight Title .
Blanche Christine Olschak was born on 24 July 1913 in Vienna , Austria to Austro - Hungarian parents , Joseph Olschak and Lilly Helene Büchelen .
Andrew of Perugia ( Latin name : Andreas Perusinus ) was a Franciscan friar and Bishop born in Perugia , Italy , and active in China in the 14th century .
Dr. Bernardo Benes Baikowitz ( born 27 December 1934 in Matanzas , Cuba ) is a prominent Jewish Cuban lawyer , banker , journalist and civic leader , who was responsible for freeing 3,600 Cuban political prisoners in 1978 .
Philip Tiju Abraham is a young magician from Kerala , India .
Air Marshal Hugh Lester Campbell , CBE , CD ( July 13 , 1908 - May 25 , 1987 ) was a senior commander in the Royal Canadian Air Force and then a politician for Northwest Territories , Canada .
Henri Frenay Sandoval , more commonly known as Henri Frenay , was born in Lyon , France on 11 November 1905 , into a Catholic family with a military tradition .
Takashi Yuasa ( 湯浅 卓 , Yuasa Takashi , born on November 24 , 1955 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese lawyer ( admitted in Washington D.C. , but not in Japan ) and television personality .
Innocent Anyanwu ( born 25 September 1982 ) is a Dutch professional boxer from Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Zvi Kolitz , a son of a prominent rabbinical family , was born in Alytus , Lithuania .
Jeremy Redmore ( born c.1985 ) is a New Zealand entertainer and musician , and a former member of the band Midnight Youth .
Jean Ancel ( 1940 -- 30 April 2008 ) was a Romanian - born Israeli author and historian ; with specialty in the history of the Jews in Romania between the two World wars , and the Holocaust of the Jews of Romania .
Datuk Latt Shariman Abdullah is the Special Function Officer to the Dato ' Seri Najib Bin Tun Abdul Razak , Prime Minister of Malaysia .
Urszula Kielan ( born 10 October 1960 in Otwock , Mazowieckie ) is a retired high jumper from Poland .
Kęstutis Bartkėnas is a paralympic athlete from Lithuania competing mainly in category T11 distance running events .
Susan McKeown was born on February 6 , 1967 to John Ryan and Jane Ann ( Jeannie ) McKeown in Terenure , Dublin , Ireland .
Mariano Montealegre Bustamante ( 1783 , Guatemala City - 1843 ) was the first diplomat and first vice head of state of Costa Rica .
Georg Lassen ( 12 May 1915 -- 18 January 2012 ) was a German U - boat commander who served with Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II rising to the rank of Korvettenkapitän ( corvette captain ) .
Rocco Buttiglione was born in Gallipoli , Apulia , on the `` heel '' of Italy He studied law in Turin and Rome and became a Professor of political science at Saint Pius V University in Rome .
Melinda Copp ( born July 7 , 1962 ) , later known by her married name Melinda Harrison , is a former competitive swimmer from Canada .
Michael John Victor Shaver ( 1918 - 2001 ) , known as Jack Shaver , was a theologian and clergyman of the United Church of Canada .
Carlos Inzillo ( born December 15 , 1944 ) is a jazz musician , producer and historian from Argentina .
Michael Kleiner was born in Munich , Germany , and immigrated to Israel with his family in 1951 .
Nur Atikah Nabilah ( born 27 November 1991 , Singapore ) , is a young gymnast .
Jacob Muschong or Iacob Muschong ( born 1868 , Nagykikinda , Austria - Hungary - died December 13 , 1923 , Lugoj , Romania ) was an ethnic German industrialist who made a fortune producing bricks .
Svitlana Maziy ( Ukrainian : Світлана Іванівна Мазій ; born January 30 , 1968 in Kiev ) is a retired rower from Ukraine , who twice won an Olympic medal during her career .
Agba Otikpo Mézodé is a politician and diplomat from the Central African Republic .
Liu Wencai is considered one of the most colorful figures in the Sichuan province during the Republic of China ( 1912 - -49 ) period .
Dr Dharanidhar Sahu ( born 1948 ) is an English writer from India .
Claudine André , ( born 6 November 1946 in La Hestre , Hainaut Province , Belgium ) , is a Belgian conservationist .
Parviz Jabehdar Maralani is an Iranian university engineering professor and fellow of the Academy of Sciences of Iran .
David Axmark , born 28 May 1962 in Sweden , is one of the founders of MySQL AB and a developer of the free database server , MySQL .
Achinoam Nini ( Hebrew : אחינועם ניני ; Aẖinóʻam Nini ; born June 23 , 1969 ; known outside of Israel as Noa ) , is an Israeli singer of Yemenite background .
Lenyeletse Seretse ( 25 June 1920 -- 3 January 1983 ) was Vice - President of Botswana from 1980 until his death on 3 January 1983 .
Johanna Charlotte Wessels ( born 13 May 1987 ) is a Dutch singer - songwriter who was born in Zwolle , Netherlands .
Yvonne Mokgoro ( born 19 October 1950 ) is a former justice of the Constitutional Court of South Africa .
Christoph Hofinger ( * 1967 in Innsbruck ) is researcher and political consultant in Austria .
Ahmad Sharbini ( Arabic : أحمد الشربيني‎ ; born 21 February 1984 ) is a Croatian footballer who currently plays for NK Rječina in Croatia 's fifth tier .
Paramjeet Kaur , ( born 2 April 1976 , in Meerut , Uttar Pradesh ) is an international athlete settled in Rajasthan , India .
Rajiah Simon , is a Professor of Physics at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences , Chennai , India .
Yuriy Protasov ( Ukrainian : Юрій Протасов , born April 23 , 1984 in the Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a rally driver from Ukraine .
Carlos Newton was born in Anguilla and moved to Canada at a young age .
Fawzia Mohamed ( Arabic : فوزية محمد‎ ; born 1983 in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian beauty queen and model .
Martín de Rada ( Pamplona , Navarre , Spain June 30 , 1533 - South China Sea , June 1578 ; also known as Herrada ) was one of the first members of the Order of Saint Augustine to evangelize the Philippines , as well as one of the first Christian missionaries to visit Ming China .
Prior to coming to Canada , Deweare moved to Brussels and recorded some material under the name Franck Marx , on the same label as Belgian rock band dEUS .
Salman Sabah Al - Salem Al - Homoud Al - Sabah ( born 1 October 1960 ) is the Minister of Information and Minister of State for Youth Affairs in Kuwait .
Karoon Sai - ngam ( Thai : การุณ ใสงาม ) , born 1 October 1952 , politician , is a former Senator of the Kingdom of Thailand .
Simon Hollósy was born in 1857 in Máramarossziget , Hungary ( present - day Sighetu Marmaţiei , Romania ) .
Carmen Dalli ( born 1959 ) is a New Zealand education academic specialising in early childhood education .
Kareen Zebroff ( born 1941 in Windsbach , Germany ) is a Canadian - based author , actor and television host specialising in yoga .
Domingo Jonhy Vega Urzúa ( December 24 , 1977 , Arica , Chile ) , commonly known as Américo , is a Chilean singer .
Professor Lino Briguglio directs the Islands and Small States Institute and the Gozo Centre of the University of Malta .
Daniel A. Keim is a German computer scientist and full professor ( Chair of Information Processing ) in the Computer Science department at the University of Konstanz , Germany .
Ramadan Yasser Abdel Ghaffar ( Arabic : ياسر رمضان عبد الغفار‎ ; born July 19 , 1980 in Gharbîya el - Saqriya , Al - Wadi Al - Jadid ) is a boxer from Egypt .
Ajagbusi Ekun was a traditional ruler of Owo Kingdom , Ondo state , southwestern Nigeria .
Damon Odey ( born 17 May 1971 ) is the current mayor of the New Zealand town of Timaru .
Candee Jay ( born Ilze Lankhaar on 1 September 1981 in Rotterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch electronica artist .
Alfred Montagne ( 20 June 1881 -- 26 February 1963 ) was a French general who commanded the XV Corps during the Battle of France ( 1940 ) .
Clímaco Calderón Reyes ( 1852 - - 1913 ) was a Colombian lawyer , lawyer and politician , who became President of Colombia for one day , following the death of President Francisco Javier Zaldúa .
Juan Carlos Baumgartner graduated from the College of Architecture of Mexico 's National University and has diplomas in interior design from the UNAM 's College of Architecture , Art History from Berkley University in California , and a postgraduate degree in Industrial Design from Domus Academy in Milan .
AMFJ is a power noise musician from Reykjavík , Iceland .
Hunan Avetisyan was born to an Armenian family in Tsav , a village of the Armenian Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire ( now in Syunik Province , Republic of Armenia ) on 2 May 1913 .
Cartel de Santa is a Mexican band from the `` barrio de la Aurora '' , Santa Catarina , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Burda is the CEO and owner of Hubert Burda Media , publishing more than 250 magazines inside and outside Germany , including Focus and Bunte .
Teoti Kerei Te Hioirangi Te Whaiti ( 1890 - -1964 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , farmer and community leader .
Oliver Ressler ( b. 1970 in Knittelfeld in Austria ) lives and works in Vienna .
Giuseppe Malpasso ( born 1972 , Lentini , Italy ) is an Italian film maker .
In 1997 , Dolores Puthod was guest of honor with Carla Fracci the first Florence Biennale of Art . A major retrospective of his work was organized in 2005 at Villa Mazzotti of Chiari , under the patronage of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers of Italy .
Lech Bądkowski ( January 24 , 1920 in Toruń , Poland -- February 24 , 1984 in Gdańsk ) - Polish writer , journalist , publicist and Kashubian - Pomeranian activist , promoter of regional history and culture , co - founder and leader of the Kashubian - Pomeranian Association , opponent of the Communist rules in postwar Poland .
Catholicos Baselios Paulose II ( born as Puthusseril Joseph Paulose in Kandanad , India 12 June 1914 -- died 1 September 1996 ) was the second Catholicos / Maphrian of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church ( Syriac Orthodox Church of India ) .
Juan Carlos Latorre Carmona ( born March 25 , 1949 in Santiago ) is a Chilean politician , current deputy president of the Republic and leader of his party , the Christian Democrat Party of Chile .
Martin van Meytens ( June 24 , 1695 -- March 23 , 1770 ) was a Dutch - Swedish painter who painted members of the Royal Court of Austria such as Marie Antoinette , Maria Theresa of Austria , Francis I , Holy Roman Emperor , the Emperor 's family and others .
Aleksandr Bushkov was born in the ancient city of Minusinsk , which is located Krasnoyarsk Krai , Siberia , Russia , on April 5 , 1956 .
Albert Henry Landseer ( 10 February 1829 -- 27 August 1906 ) was a businessman and politician in the early days of the colony of South Australia .
Kim Churchill ( born in Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia on 26 September 1990 ) is an Australian folk , rock , and blues singer , songwriter , and musician .
Dinesh Chandra Joarder Is a Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) politician , who has served on both the trade union and kisan fronts .
Shahram Gholami was born in Tehran , Iran , in 1974 and began studying oud and traditional Persian music at the age of 20 .
Daniela Romo ( born Teresa Presmanes Corona on August 27 , 1959 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican singer , actress and TV hostess .
NSND Phạm Quý Dương ( Hải Dương , 1937 - 28 June 2011 at Hanoi ) was a Vietnamese classical singer , and vocal coach at the Vietnam National Academy of Music .
Jens Blauenfeldt ( born 16 January 1968 in Copenhagen ) is a television actor as well as a screenwriter and director for Denmark 's national broadcasting channel Danmarks Radio ( DR ) .
Anna Bader ( born 12 December 1983 in Mutlangen , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) is a German high diver .
Arne Groh ( 1962 in Seghorn , Germany ) is a German sculptor living in Kassel , Germany .
Nada Mamula ( 9 January 1927 -- 11 October 2001 ) was a Serbian singer , born during the time of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Jorge Fernández - Trevejo Rivas ( born in Havana , Cuba on August 6 , 1949 ) is a Cuban artist , painter , and caricaturist .
Alessandro Figà Talamanca ( born in Rome , 25 May 1938 ) is one of the most important living Italian mathematicians : he has been given several prestigious tasks , both in Italy and abroad .
Lenin Raghuvanshi is a Dalit rights activist from India .
Ngoia Pollard Napaltjarri ( born c. 1948 ; also known as Ngnoia ) is a Walpiri - speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
David Martijn Westerholt ( born 30 March 1979 in Waddinxveen , Netherlands ) is the cofounder ( along with Charlotte Wessels ) , keyboardist , and the main songwriter of the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain .
Ahmad Reihan ( Persian : احمد ريحان ‎ , born May 30 , 1965 in Isfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian portrait photographer .
Jacques Vaillant , French singer born on 8 June 1952 in Strasbourg ( Alsace , France ) .
Gelson Domingos da Silva ( .ca 1965 - 6 November 2011 ) , a Brazilian camera operator for the Rede Bandeirantes TV network , died while covering a drug bust in Rio de Janeiro as the government of Brazil prepared for its hosting of Olympics .
Nebojša Stefanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Стефановић , pronounced ( nɛ̌bɔːjʃa stɛfǎːnɔʋitɕ ) , born 20 November 1976 in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian politician and former President of the National Assembly of Serbia .
Rahman Gumbo ( sometimes referred to as Allen Gumbo ) is a former Zimbabwean international football player and the current manager of the Zimbabwe national football team .
Koorosh Modaressi is the founder , general secretary of the central committee and leader ( as of 2008 ) of the Worker - Communist Party of Iran - Hekmatist .
Gunter Jahn ( 27 September 1910 -- 12 April 1992 ) was German U - boat commander during World War II . He was born in Hamburg , Germany and began his naval career in April 1931 as a Seekadett .
Anise Arsalon Khoshmashrab ( born 20 February 1985 ) is an Australian recording artist , record producer , and songwriter known by his stage name Anise K. In 2012 he was signed to Sony Music Australia and is now currently signed with Cobalt Music .
Ann Lislegaard ( born 1962 in Norway ) is a contemporary artist living and working in Copenhagen , Denmark and New York , US .
Alberto Nepomuceno was born in the city of Fortaleza , capital of the state of Ceará in northeastern Brazil .
Muzaffar Warsi ( Urdu : مظفروارثی‎ ) ( born 23 December 1933 in Meerath , British India , died 28 January 2011 ) was a prominent Urdu poet , critic , essayist , a lyricist par excellence , and a scholar of Pakistan .
Éric Thériault ( born 1967 in Trois - Rivières , Quebec ) is a Canadian comics artist , writer , illustrator and blogger living in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Tapio Kangasniemi ( born March 7 , 1979 ) is a former professional volleyball player from Finland .
He was born in Arnprior , Renfrew County , Canada West , the son of James Hartney , a native of Ireland , and Elizabeth Harvey , and was educated in Pakenham .
Hope Uzodinma is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Imo West constituency of Imo State , Nigeria , in the April 2011 federal elections .
Keith Hanley ( born August 15 , 1993 ) is an Irish singer from Charleville , County Cork and the winner of The Voice of Ireland series 2 on April 28 , 2013 .
Andrés González Díaz ( born 7 July 1955 ) is the Permanent Representative of Colombia to the Organization of American States since 2012 .
Conrad Schmidt ( born 1969 ) is a social activist , filmmaker and writer living in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada who is best known for his role in founding the Work Less Party of British Columbia and for creating the internationally known World Naked Bike Ride protest .
Peter Gric or Petr Gric ( born 1968 ) is Austrian painter , drawer and illustrator originally from Czech Republic .
Luis Bordón was a musician and composer of Paraguay and interpreter of the Paraguayan harp .
Aaron Ayers ( 1836 -- 16 September 1900 ) arrived in Christchurch , New Zealand from England as a newly married man in his mid 20s .
Peder Vognsen ( died 11 April 1204 ) was bishop of Aarhus , Denmark , from 1191 .
Anil Aggrawal M.D. ( Hindi : अनिल अग्रवाल ) ( born August 17 , 1956 ) is a professor of forensic medicine at the Maulana Azad Medical College , New Delhi , India .
John Rigby Hale was born 17 September 1923 in Ashford , Kent , in the United Kingdom .
Garth Knox ( born 8 October 1956 in Dublin , Ireland ) is a violist who specializes in contemporary classical music , and new music .
Umberto Mozzoni was born in Buenos Aires , but his family later moved to Macerata , Italy .
Il - yeon ( or Iryeon ) ( 1206 - -1289 ) was a Buddhist monk and All - Enlightened National Preceptor ( 보각국사 , 普覺國師 ) during the Goryeo Dynasty of Korea .
Almudena Cid Tostado ( born June 15 , 1980 in Vitoria , Spain ) is an Individual Spanish Rhythmic Gymnast .
Gian Franco Reverberi ( born in 1934 in Genoa , Italy ) is an Italian composer and musician .
José Artur Barbosa de Oliveira or simply Artur ( October 22 , 1984 in Ibititá , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football player , currently playing for Figueirense .
Marissa Delgado is an actress from the Philippines of American descent .
Carlo Rovelli ( born 3 May 1956 ) is an Italian theoretical physicist and writer who has worked in Italy and the USA , and currently works in France .
Mircan Kaia ( Mircan Kaya ) is a musician and an engineer from Turkey with her roots in Georgia who has produced several albums and directed and coordinated international engineering projects .
T. R. Zeliang ( born 21 February 1952 ) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Nagaland , a state in northeast India , since 2014 .
Mohammad Sadegh Barani ( Persian : محمدصادق بارانی‎‎ , December 9 , 1991 ) is an Iranian football Midfielder who currently plays for Paykan in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Hans Jacob Højgaard ( 11 September 1904 , Toftir , Faroe Islands -- 10 June 1992 Tórshavn Faroe Islands ) , teacher and choir leader , he was one of the most productive composers in the Faroe Islands in the 20th century .
Aldo Dolcetti ( born October 23 , 1966 in Salò , Brescia Province , Italy ) is an Italian footballer manager and former player .
José María Hurtado Ruiz - Tagle ( b. Santiago , March 5 , 1945 ) is a Chilean politician ; member of the National Renewal ( RN ) party , Hurtado Ruiz - Tagle was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile between 1990 and 1998 .
Thomas William Downes ( 18 February 1868 - -6 August 1938 ) was a New Zealand historian , ethnologist and river works supervisor .
Harbi al - Himyari ( Arabic : حربي الحميري‎ Ḥarbī al - Ḥimyarī ) , was an Arab scholar from Yemen , who lived between the 7th and 8th century AD .
Eric Beach ( born 1947 ) , is a New Zealand and Australian poet , playwright , and short story writer .
Margaret Gordon Burn ( 22 March 1825 - -8 December 1918 ) was a New Zealand teacher and school principal .
Sabine Quindou is a journalist , well known from the educational TV show C'est pas sorcier that she presented with Jamy Gourmaud and Frédéric Courant , a production of the channel France 3 .
Pascual Baburizza ( also known as Pasquale baburizza or Pasko Baburiča ) ( Calamotta , Austro - Hungarian Empire , now Koločep , Croatia , 1875 - - Los Andes , Chile , 1941 ) was a Croatian italo - damatian businessman established in Chile during the late 19th and 20th century .
Mahama Ayariga ( born 24 May 1974 ) is a lawyer and politician in Ghana .
Joan Ørting is married to author Carsten Islington and lives at Langeland in southern Denmark .
Günter Pilz ( born 1945 in Bad Hall , Upper Austria ) is Professor of Mathematics at the Johannes Kepler University ( JKU ) Linz .
Richard Burmeister ( born 1860 in Hamburg , Germany , died 1944 ) was a German - American composer and pianist active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Jogen Chowdhury ( born 16 February 1939 ) is an eminent Indian painter and considered an important painter of 21st century India .
Edmon Marukyan ( Armenian : Էդմոն Մարուքյան ) is an Armenian lawyer , who was elected member of the National Assembly in May 2012 from the 30th electoral district , which includes the third largest city of Armenia , Vanadzor , and two nearby villages of Gugark and Shahumyan in Lori Province .
Rogério Skylab ( Rogerio Tolomei Teixeira ) , born in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , 1958 , is a Brazilian vocalist , composer and poet , graduated in literature and philosophy .
Blessed Mercedes de Jesús Molina ( Maria Mercedes de Jesus Molina y Ayala ; 24 September 1828 - 12 June 1883 ) is a Roman Catholic blessed from Baba , Ecuador .
Aloïs Michielsen ( born Turnhout , Belgium , 6 January 1942 ) is a Belgian businessman .
Julie Ordon ( born June 27 , 1984 ) is a Swiss model and actress born in Geneva , Switzerland .
Professor Deborah Doniach MD FRCP ( born 6 April 1912 , Geneva , Switzerland - died 1 January 2004 , London , England , UK ) was a distinguished clinical immunologist and pioneer in the field of autoimmune diseases .
Alessandro Calvi ( born February 1 , 1983 in Voghera ) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy , who was a member of team that won the silver medal in the men 's 4×100 metres freestyle relay at the 2007 World Championships .
Adolf Ehrnrooth was the face and voice most associated with rehabilitation of the soldiers who secured Finland her independence .
Liv Mildrid Gjernes ( born 2 June 1954 in Lunde , in Telemark , Norway ) is a Norwegian artist and has given name to the contemporary style of decoration , sculpture , and furniture design known as Gjernes style .
Stanley Graham ( baptized Eric Stanley George Graham ) ( 12 November 1900 -- 21 October 1941 ) was a New Zealand mass murderer who killed seven people .
Jean Pierre Moquette ( July 5 , 1856 -- February 26 , 1927 ) moved from the Netherlands to Java in 1873 .
Anna Göldi ( also Anna Göldin or Anna Goeldin , October 24 , 1734 -- June 13 , 1782 ) is known as the `` last witch '' in Switzerland and the last person to be executed in Europe for witchcraft .
Rakesh Tripathi or Rakesh Kumar Tripathi ( his full name ) ( Hindi : राकेश त्रिपाठी ) born on 14 November 1970 , is a noted screenwriter , lyricist and director based in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Gulzar Alam ( born 14 October 1959 , at Peshawar ) is a Pashto singer with a fan base from Afghanistan to Pakistan and among Pashtoons around the world .
Krister Classon ( born December 17 , 1955 in Västergötland , Sweden ) , is a Swedish comedian , actor , director and screenwriter .
Sudhirkumar Saxena ( 1923 -- 2007 in India ) was a tabla artist and professor .
Benjamin Ziervogel , born on April 1983 in Klagenfurt , Austria , is an Austrian violinist .
Charles Borremans ( 25 April 1769 -- 17 July 1827 ) , was a violinist and conductor at the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Belgium from 1804 to 1825 .
Ludomir Danilewicz was a Polish engineer and , for some ten years before the outbreak of World War II , one of the four directors of the AVA Radio Company in Warsaw , Poland .
Louis , Duke of Burgundy and later Dauphin of France ( 16 August 1682 -- 18 February 1712 ) was the eldest son of Louis , Dauphin of France , and father of Louis XV .
Spanish by birth , and Italian by choice , Patricia Urquiola was born in Oviedo , Spain and studied architecture in Madrid before graduating from the Milan Politecnico in 1989 .
Francisco Burgoa ( b. Oaxaca , c.1600 ; d. Tepozotlán in 1681 ) was a historian of the Dominican Order in Mexico .
Bring Me the Head of Kyle Bobby Dunn was recorded at the artist 's Bunce Cake studio and throughout remote locations in his native Canada .
Count Raffaele Cadorna ( February 9 , 1815 -- February 6 , 1897 ) was an Italian general who served as one of the major Piedmontese leaders responsible for the unification of Italy during the mid-19th century .
Karl Lärka ( born 24 July 1892 at Sollerön in Dalarna , Sweden , died 2 June 1981 ) was one of the more important 20th - century documentary photographers in Sweden .
Manas Jamveha ( Thai : มนัส แจ่มเวหา ) is Director General of The Comptroller General 's Department Thailand .
Daniel Seiter , Saiter , or Seyter ( c.1642/1647 - -1705 ) was a Viennese - born painter of the Baroque , who trained and worked in Italy .
Jorge Meléndez Ramírez ( April 15 , 1871 in San Salvador , El Salvador -- November 22 , 1953 ) , was born to Rafael Meléndez and Mercedes Ramírez ( daughter of Norberto Ramírez ) .
Olasunkanmi Abioye Opeola , Kurunloju I ( born 9 March 1961 ) is the Oniroko , or traditional ruler , of the Yoruba town of Iroko , Oyo State , Nigeria .
Ruben Papian ( born June 6 , 1962 in Yerevan , Armenia ) is an esotericist , para - scientist specializing in subjects such as metaphysics and parapsychology .
Yehuda Weinstein ( Hebrew : יהודה וינשטיין‎ ; born April 19 , 1944 ) is an Israeli lawyer and the Attorney General of Israel , having replaced the previous attorney general , Menachem Mazuz , on 1 February 2010
Raphael Evers ( born May 8 , 1954 in Amsterdam ) is the Rabbi of Rotterdam and an authoritative Jewish spokesman in the Netherlands .
Pattara Piyapatrakitti ( Thai : ภัทร ปิยภัทร์กิติ , born November 6 , 1980 ) or formerly Pattarakorn Thanganuruck is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Ionela Târlea ( during marriage Târlea - Manolache ; born 9 February 1976 in Craiova , Dolj ) is a former track and field athlete , competing internationally for Romania .
Ioannis Sfakianakis ( 1848 - -1924 ) was a Cretan politician of the late 19th century with a significant contribution in the political life of the island and the union with Greece .
Anthony Sawoniuk , formerly Andrei Andreeovich Sawoniuk ( Belarusian : Андрэй Саванюк ; 7 March 1921 -- 6 November 2005 ) was a Belorussian Nazi collaborator from the town of Domaczewo in pre - war Poland ( now Damachava , Belarus ) .
Dimitrios Delifotis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Δεληφώτης ; born February 20 , 1957 in Corfu , Ionia ) is a retired track and field athlete from Greece , who mainly competed in the men 's long jump .
In 1972 , she released the multilingual album Sofia Rotaru , re - released three times and covered by numerous singers , establishing herself as a viable pop artist in the countries of the former Soviet Union .
In 1980 , Vladimir Bortko became production leader in the Kinostudiya Lenfilm in Leningrad , the largest film production company of the Soviet Union after Mosfilm in Moscow .
Doli Akhter , born 15 January 1986 , is an Olympic swimmer from Bangladesh .
Brendan O'Kelly was a soccer player who played in the 1940s in the League of Ireland .
Martin Halla ( born 4 June 1988 in Aurskog , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer who , on 25 May 2012 , won the inaugural series of The Voice --
Yusuf Salman Yusuf was born in Baghdad in 1901 to a father from an Assyrian village in the province of Mosul , northern Iraq .
Jevgeni Ossinovski ( born March 15 , 1986 , in Kohtla - Järve , Estonia ) is an Estonian politician and the current leader of the Estonian Social Democratic Party .
Sani Şener was born in Trabzon , Turkey , as the third and last child of prominent Turkish bureaucrat and politician Ahmet Şener ( 1921 - -1991 ) and Feride Şener ( née Külür ) .
Julia Zemiro ( born 14 April 1967 in Aix - en - Provence , France ) is a French - born Australian television presenter , radio host , actress , singer , writer and comedian .
Oficial Fierro 's real name was not a matter of public record , as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans , until he lost his mask in a match on November 1 , 2012 .
Taisia Povaliy ( also Taisia Povalij , Taisiya Povaliy ) ( Ukrainian : Таїсія Миколаївна Повалій ) ( born 10 December 1964 ) is a Ukrainian singer and actress popular in Ukraine and other counties of CIS .
Robin Currie was a former New Zealand cricket umpire .
Adrian Aeschbacher ( 10 May 1912 in Langenthal , Switzerland -- 9 November 2002 in Zurich ) was a Swiss classical pianist .
Anantavarman Chodaganga Deva ( 1077 - 1150 ) was a ruler of the Eastern Ganga dynasty during its apogee , which ruled southern part of Kalinga , India .
Arindam Ghosh is an Associate Professor in the Department of Physics , Indian Institute of Science , Bangalore , India .
Hugo Leonardo Pereira Nascimento ( born June 6 , 1987 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer currently unattached , he is known as Leonardo .
Bhupatindra Malla ( Nepali : भूपतीन्द्र मल्ल ) was a Malla Dynasty King of Bhaktapur , Nepal from 1696 to 1722 .
Li Tai - hsiang , a member of the Amis indigenous Taiwanese aboriginal community , was born in Taichung , Taiwan , on February 20 , 1941 .
Dan Sundquist ( born Thord Dan Rickard Sundqvist September 10 , 1958 ) , in Stockholm , Sweden , is a Swedish music producer , songwriter and composer .
Dattatray Balwant Parasnis ( Devanagari : दत्तात्रय बळवंत पारसनीस ; 1870 - -1926 ) was a historian from Maharashtra , India , who lived during the British Raj days .
Ramón Balcells Rodón ( 17 November 1919 , Valls -- 31 March 1999 , Barcelona ) was a sailor from Spain .
Gregers Winther Wulfsberg ( 26 October 1780 -- 23 September 1846 ) was a Norwegian jurist and politician , and a member of the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll that wrote the Constitution of Norway on May 17 , 1814 .
The son of two teachers , Jakob Hellman grew up in rural north Sweden , just south of the polar circle .
Abdelaziz Belkhadem ( pronunciation ahb - dehl - ah - ZEES behl - KAH - dehm ; Arabic : عبد العزيز بلخادم‎ ; born November 8 , 1945 ) is an Algerian politician who was Prime Minister of Algeria from 2006 to 2008 .
Fritz Kahn was born in Halle an der Saale , Germany , the son of Arthur Kahn , a physician and author , and Hedwig Kahn , née Schmuhl .
Zhang Wannian ( Chinese : 张万年 ; August 1928 -- 14 January 2015 ) was a general of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of the People 's Republic of China .
Han Duck - soo ( 한덕수 ; born 18 June 1949 ) was the Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea ( South Korea ) from 2007 until February 2008 .
Stef Broks ( born 1 May 1981 in Etten - Leur , Netherlands ) is a Dutch drummer best known for his work with Textures .
Larissa Costa represented Brazil in the Miss Universe 2009 .
Timo Rost ( born 29 August 1978 in Lauf an der Pegnitz , Bavaria , West Germany ) is a German former footballer .
Tulsi Ram is a former speaker of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India .
Ricardo Flores Peres ( Sada , Galicia , Spain , May 1 , 1903 - Buenos Aires , Argentina , July 2002 ) , was a defender of the Galician independentist movement , in 1920s and ' 30s by a means of the Pondal Nationalist Society , and its periodical , A Fouce ( ' The sickle ' ) .
Tonono made his debut for Spain on 1 October 1967 , in an UEFA Euro 1968 qualifier against Czechoslovakia , a 0 - -1 loss in Prague in which the Himno de Riego was played before kick - off instead of that of Francoist Spain .
Piyakul Kaewnamkang ( ปิยะกุล แก้วน้ำค้าง ) is a Thai football coach of Thailand women 's national football team .
Pepijn Aardewijn ( born June 15 , 1970 , in Amsterdam , North Holland ) is a former rower from the Netherlands , who competed for his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 .
Anna Hutchison ( born 8 February 1986 ) is a New Zealand actress best known for her roles as Delphi Greenlaw on Shortland Street ( 2002 - -04 ) ;
Matt Flinders ( born Sylvan Louis Bonett in Alexandria , Egypt ) is a singer who rose to prominence in the late 1960s in Australia .
Liew Thow Lin ( Chinese : 劉少林 ) of Malaysia is known as the `` Magnet Man '' ( Chinese : 磁人 ) , or `` Mr. Magnet '' because he has the ability to stick metal objects to his body .
Ramón Jufresa Lluch ( born April 18 , 1970 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from Spain .
Louis Moilliet ( October 6 , 1880 -- August 24 , 1962 ) was an artist from Switzerland who was noted as a painter and stained glass designer .
Burhan Asaf Belge ( January 2 , 1887 -- January 12 , 1967 ) was a figure among the young intellectuals during the early periods of Republic of Turkey and served as the representative of Muğla province during the 11th term of Turkish National Assembly .
Carlos Villarías ( 7 July 1892 -- 27 April 1976 ) , was a Spanish actor who was born in Córdoba , Spain and died in California , USA .
Mykolas Natalevičius ( born 1985 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is Lithuanian composer .
Christian Muthspiel ( born 1962 in Judenburg , Austria ) is an Austrian composer , trombonist , and pianist most associated with jazz .
Michèle Cournoyer ( born 1943 in Saint - Joseph - de - Sorel , Quebec , Canada ) is a Canadian animator .
Horio Tadaharu ( 堀尾 忠晴 ; 1596 -- 26 October 1633 ) was a tozama daimyō in Japan during the Edo period .
Eduard Čech ( Czech : ( ˈɛduart ˈtʃɛx ) ) ( 29 June 1893 -- 15 March 1960 ) was a Czech mathematician born in Stračov , Bohemia ( then Austria - Hungary , now Czech Republic ) .
Loren Horsley is a New Zealand - born actress and writer .
Amoros dau Luc was a troubadour who wrote a satirical sirventes , `` En Chantarel , sirventes ab motz plas '' , urging Henry III of England and his ally , Peter of Brittany , in their campaign in France in 1230 .
Chandra Lal Meche ( Nepali : चन्द्रलाल मेचे ) is a Nepalese politician from Jhapa District , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Mick Peck ( born 1981 ) is a professional award - winning magician based in Auckland , New Zealand .
Pauli Toivonen ( 22 August 1929 in Jyväskylä , Finland - 14 February 2005 ) was a Finnish rally car driver .
Samuel Lyon Russell ( July 30 , 1816 -- September 27 , 1891 ) was a Whig member of the United States of America ( U.S. ) House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Bahram Farid Ghara - Ghisahlagh ( Persian : بهرام فرید قره قشلاق‎‎ , was born 1984 in Urmia , West Azerbaijan ) is a volleyball player from Iran , who plays as an Outside Spiker for Shahrdari Urmia VC in Iranian Volleyball Super League .
Milton Resnick was born of Jewish parentage in the village of Bratslav , in the Ukraine .
Itzam Cano ( born in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican jazz bassist .
José Juan Vázquez began playing football professionally at the age of 19 in the fourth and third divisions of Mexico with teams such as Atlético San Francisco and Atlético Comonfort in the fourth division , and for Cuervos Negros de Zapotlanejo , América Manzanillo , and finally his home town team Celaya in the third division .
Dan Rosescu ( September 25 , 1944 , Bucharest , Romania -- September 21 , 2004 , Los Angeles , CA , US ) was a Romanian - born American handball player .
Queen Letizia of Spain wore Felipe Varela when welcoming President Sarkozy and Carla Bruni to Spain in 2009 , and to the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in 2011 .
George Kunda ( 26 February 1956 -- 16 April 2012 ) was a Zambian lawyer and politician who was Vice - President of Zambia from 2008 to 2011 .
Sabir Rustamkhanli ( Azerbaijani : Sabir Rüstəmxanlı ) ( Azerbaijan May 20 , 1946 ) is an Azerbaijani poet and philologist .
John Parkin Taylor ( 1812 -- 12 August 1875 ) was a 19th - century New Zealand runholder , and a politician in Otago and Southland .
Makai ( born 27 August 1979 , stylized as MAKAI ) is a Japanese house DJ . It is well known for his collaborations with Japanese vocalists , such as `` Garden of Love '' with Thelma Aoyama , which topped the iTunes Japan internal charts .
Zelmar Michelini ( 20 May 1924 , Montevideo , Uruguay -- 20 May 1976 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a Uruguayan reporter and politician , assassinated in Buenos Aires in 1976 as part of Operation Condor .
Dustin Clare is from Australia .
Chookiat Sakveerakul ( Thai : ชูเกียรติ ศักดิ์วีระกุล , rtgs : Chukiat Sakwirakun ) , born 1981 in Chiang Mai , Thailand ) is a Thai film director and screenwriter .
Ziad el - Doulatli has long been an opponent of the Ben Ali regime and a proponent of democratic reform in Tunisia .
During the reign of Anna of Russia ( 1730 - -40 ) , Natalia Lopukhina was described as `` the brightest flower of St Petersburg court '' .
Friedrich Richard Petri was born on July 31 , 1824 , in Dresden , Germany to master shoemaker Heinrich Petri and his wife Juliane Dorothea ( Weise ) Petri .
Jesús Polanco Gutiérrez , also known as Jesús de Polanco ( November 7 , 1929 -- July 21 , 2007 ) was a businessman from Spain who built one of the largest media empires in the world .
Nizami Ramzi ogly Bakshiyev , also known as Nizami Ramzi ( Azerbaijani : Nizami Rəmzi born December 20 , 1947 in Baku , Azerbaijan SSR , USSR -- January 19 , 1997 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) , was a performer of Azerbaijani meykhana music .
Michel Delville ( born 1969 , Liège , Belgium ) is a Belgian musician , writer and critic .
Tammy MacIntosh ( born 16 February 1970 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian actress who is best known for portraying Dr. Charlotte Beaumont on the medical drama All Saints and Jool in the TV series Farscape .
Patrick Ortlieb ( born 17 May 1967 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Austria .
Kostandin Boshnjaku was born in Stegopull , Lunxhëri region , Ottoman Albania , today Gjirokastër District , Albania , in 1888 .
Dr Anjani Kumar Sharma ( Nepali : अञ्जनी कुमार शर्मा ) was Nepal 's first surgeon .
Filippo Coletti was , with Antonio Tamburini ( 1800 - -1876 ) and Giorgio Ronconi ( 1810 - -1890 ) , one of the three leading baritones of 19th century Italy , an early model of a ' Verdi baritone ' .
Major - General William Wasbrough Foster DSO CMG VD ( October 1 , 1875 - December 2 , 1954 ) was a noted mountaineer , Conservative Party politician , business man , and chief constable in British Columbia , Canada in addition to his distinguished military career .
When Karl Witte was nine , he spoke German , French , Italian , Latin , and Greek , and on April 10 , 1814 , at the age of 13 , he became a doctor of philosophy at the University of Giessen in Germany .
George Grosz was born Georg Ehrenfried Groß in Berlin , Germany , the son of a pub owner .
Martin Asphaug ( born April 28 , 1950 ) is a film director and screenwriter from Trondheim , Norway .
Borislav Paravac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борислав Паравац ) is a Bosnian Serb politician and former member of the tripartite Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 11 April 2003 to 6 November 2006 .
Andreas Strehler ( born 1971 in Winterthur , Switzerland ) is a Swiss watchmaker and designer of watch movements .
Fujiwara no Saneko ( 1245 - -September 2 , 1272 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Koos Ras ( Jacobus Adriaan Gerhardus ) was born on 4 August 1928 , on a farm named Paardekop in Northern Natal Province in South Africa .
Li Zicheng ( 22 September 1606 -- 1645 ) , born Li Hongji , nicknamed `` Dashing King '' , was a Chinese rebel leader who overthrew the Ming dynasty in 1644 and ruled over China briefly as the emperor of the short - lived Shun dynasty before his death a year later .
On 30 June , at a ceremony held in the cathedral , Pey Berland and the leading men of Bordeaux swore oaths of fealty to Charles VII of France and so the French , led by Dunois , in return recognised the privileges of Bordeaux .
Mithun Manhas ( born 12 October 1979 in Buttar Minhas family at Jammu , India ) is an Indian first - class cricketer who plays for Chennai Super Kings as an all - rounder .
Cornelius Schumacher ( born 1 December 1969 in Tübingen , Germany ) is a German open source Software developer .
Paul Rohmer ( 1 November 1876 -- 2 March 1977 ) was an Alsacian physician considered the father of modern pædiatrics in eastern France after World War I.
Beverley Randell MNZM ( born 1931 ) is a New Zealand children 's author , whose work has been published by 16 publishers in several languages .
Hans Raj Hans is a Punjabi singer from Punjab , India and politician .
Tex Morton ( born Robert William Lane in Nelson , New Zealand , also credited as Robert Tex Morton 30 August 1916 ; died 23 July 1983 ) was a pioneer of New Zealand and Australian country and western music , vaudevillian , actor and circus performer
Beni Madhab Das ( Bengali : বেণী মাধব দাস ) ( 1866 -- 1952 ) was an erudite Bengali scholar , a renowned teacher and a great patriot in British India .
Gaahl was born in 1975 in Sunnfjord , a district in the county of Sogn og Fjordane , Norway .
Johan Bergqvist is a keyboard - based singer / songwriter from Sweden .
To Kit Yong ( born September 21 , 1957 ) is a Hong Kong sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1980s .
Philip Simonsson ( Old Norse : Filippus Símonsson ) ( died 1217 ) was a Norwegian aristocrat and from 1207 to 1217 was the Bagler party pretender to the throne of Norway during the civil war era in Norway .
Umirzak Shukeyev ( Kazakh : Өмірзақ Естайұлы Шөкеев ) was the Deputy Prime Minister in the Government of Kazakhstan starting in 2007 , after having been governor of South Kazakhstan from 21 September 2006 to 27 August 2007 .
Clint Rickards ( born January 20 , 1961 ) was a high - ranking New Zealand police officer who in the 2000s was accused of involvement in a number of sexual crimes in the 1980s .
His grandfather , John Tebbutt , was one of the early settlers in Australia ; he arrived at Sydney about the end of 1801 .
Alfred Colpaert is professor in physical geography at the Department of Geographical and Historical Studies of the University of Eastern Finland .
Phil . Macquet is a French painter born the October 8 , 1967 at Lille , France .
Nile was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council on 19 September 1981 with 9.1 % of the vote as the founder of the Call to Australia ( Fred Nile ) Group , established in 1977 .
Ma Junwu 馬君武 ( 1881 in Guilin -- 1940 in Guilin ) was a celebrated scientist and educator in China and first president of Guangxi University .
Luis Aguilar - Monsalve ( born Cuenca , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian writer , critic , and professor who teaches at Hanover College .
Olaf Bodden ( born 4 May 1968 in Kalkar , West Germany ) is a former German football striker .
Lauro Villar Ochoa was a Mexican military general who is known for defending the National Palace of Mexico and Francisco I. Madero 's administration , along with Ángel Ortiz Monasterio , from the rebellious attacks of the general Bernardo Reyes of the Ten Tragic Days in 1913 .
Anne Beffort ( 4 July 1880 -- 20 July 1966 ) was a Luxembourg educator , literary writer and biographer .
Mutty Lall Seal accompanied his father - in - law on a pilgrimage tour to northern and western parts of India , and the experience greatly enlightened him .
Carlos Clos Gómez ( born 30 June 1972 in Zaragoza , Spain ) is a football referee .
Los Jairas are a folk music band from Bolivia .
Mahieddine Khalef ( Arabic : محيي الدين خالف‎ ; born January 17 , 1944 in Mechra Bel Ksiri , Morocco ) is an Algerian football ( soccer ) manager .
Because of name regulations in Iceland at the time , her father Salvatore Torrini had to change his name to `` Davíð Eiríksson '' , which also implied that Emilíana Torrini had to use the surname after her father in the traditional way ; `` Emilíana Torrini Davíðsdóttir '' .
Sunita Lakra ( born June 11 , 1991 ) is a member of the India women 's national field hockey team who plays as a forward for the team .
Hamengkubuwono IX or HB IX ( Javanese : ꦄꦩꦼꦁꦏꦸꦧꦸꦮꦤ꧇꧙꧇ ; Gêdrìk : Hamêngkubuwånå IX ; O - Javanese : Hamengkubuwana IX ; 12 April 1912 - -2 October 1988 ) was the first Governor of the Special Region of Yogyakarta , the second Vice President of Indonesia and the ninth Sultan of Yogyakarta during the rule of Suharto .
Marita Røstad ( born 5 November 1978 in Gjøvik , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer - songwriter and jazz vocalist from Aust - Torpa , known as a band leader and for her well - received solo album .
Chezki Lifshitz ( Hebrew : חזקי ליפשיץ‎ , born 22 January 1974 ) is the acting Shaliach of Chabad of Nepal and the Chief Rabbi .
Hermann Maier ( born 7 December 1972 ) , known as the Herminator , is a former World Cup champion alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Austria .
Niels Thaaning ( c.1732 -- 5 January 1779 ) was a Danish - born painter who settled in Norway .
As a member of the Brazil national team , Dino Sani participated at the South American Championship tournaments of 1957 in Peru and 1959 in Argentina , reaching the final on both occasions ; he was also part of the squad that won the 1958 World Cup in Sweden .
Sami Azara al - Majun ( born 1932 ) was Minister of Labor and Social Affairs in the cabinet appointed by the Interim Iraq Governing Council in September 2003 .
Rick McGinnis is a writer and was previously a columnist for Metro newspapers across Canada .
Monsignor Vicente Faustino Zazpe Zarategi ( 15 February 1920 -- 24 January 1984 ) was an archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church of Argentina .
Mariana Montes ( born on Monday , 5 March 1979 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine tango dancer and teacher .
Ali Mohammed Hajyano ( Urdu : علی محمد ہجیانو‎ ) is a suspect in what has been known as the `` White Corolla Case '' in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Sainey Nyassi began his career in the Gambia , playing in the GFA League First Division for Gambia Ports Authority .
Cinta Laura Kiehl ( better known as Cinta Laura ( ˈtʃinta ˈlaura ) ; born August 17 , 1993 ) is an Indonesian - German actress , electropop singer and model in Indonesia .
Joseph Grimmond ( 1843 -- 27 November 1924 ) was a gold miner and politician from the West Coast , New Zealand .
After the main contingent of Greeks had left the encampment , and it was time for the Spartans to set off to take up the rear , Amompharetus refused to leave the field without a fight , insisting that the unalterable law of Sparta forbade retreat from the battlefield .
Max Heindel , born Carl Louis von Grasshoff in Aarhus , Denmark on July 23 , 1865 , was a Danish - American Christian occultist , astrologer , and mystic .
Serge Venturini is a poet and a French teacher in Val - d'Oise since 1996 , when he came back to France after having lived in Lebanon ( 1979 - -1981 ) and Morocco ( 1981 - -1984 ) .
Nik Muhammad Farith Adruce Bin Nik Adelin , also known as Nik Adruce ( born 30 September 1994 in Bangsar , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian TV host and actor .
Arthur Moody Awori ( born 5 December 1927 ) , known as `` Uncle Moody '' , was the ninth Vice President of Kenya from 25 September 2003 to 9 January 2008 .
Ramin Khosravi is an Iranian football player plays for Esteghlal Khuzestan of the Iran Pro League .
Han Contention ( 206 - -202 BC ) -- for supremacy over China , Lu Wan accompanied him into battle as a `` Grand Commandant '' ( 太尉 ) .
Federico Astudillo ( born January 6 , 1981 in Jesús María , Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for Sportivo Italiano of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina .
Denis Nyhan or D D Nyhan is a driver of standardbred racehorses who was the driver of champion racehorses in New Zealand 's premier racing events including the New Zealand Trotting Cup and the Auckland Trotting Cup .
Helmut Maandi ( 5 June 1906 , Sikeldi , Kreis Harrien , Governorate of Estonia -- 27 October 1990 ) was an Estonian statesman .
Uroš Umek ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈúːrɔʃ ˈúːmək ) ; born May 16 , 1976 in Ljubljana , Slovenia ) , better known as DJ Umek or simply Umek , is a Slovenian dance music composer and DJ . Musically active since 1993 , he is the owner of several techno record labels .
Venerable Mapalagama Wipulasara Maha Thera ( 3 March 1925 -- 28 October 2000 ) was a Buddhist monk in Sri Lanka .
Spiridon Ilo ( 1876 - 1950 ) was one of the founding fathers of Albania as a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence .
Augustine Bockarie is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) , who is currently a member of parliament representing Kono District .
Andrew Bisset was particularly noted for his excellent book Black Roots White Flowers - A History of Jazz in Australia , which traces jazz influences and performances from the early days of visiting African American Vaudeville shows and Jazz Teas at the Tivoli , through to the year of publication - 1979 .
Erwin Maldonado ( born 25 July 1983 ) is an Olympic distance freestyle swimmer from Venezuela .
Seiji Ara ( 荒 聖治 ; Ara Seiji ) ( born May 5 , 1974 in Chiba , Japan ) is a race car driver .
Her folk painting style is often colorful and vibrant and expresses a distinct female perspective on the Saint Soleil movement and Haitian Vodou art . Louisiane Saint Fleurant was born on September 11 , 1924 , in Petit - Trou - de - Nippes , Haiti .
Nguyễn Xuân Thành ( born on November 10 , 1985 in Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a Left Back , Left Midfielder for Binh Duong F.C ..
Vital Rymasheuski ( Belarusian : Віталь Рымашэўскі , born 1975 ) is a Belarusian politician and one of the presidential candidates at the 2010 presidential elections in Belarus .
Born Armand Fernandez in Nice , France , Arman was a painter who moved from using objects for the ink or paint traces they leave ( `` cachet '' , `` allures d'objet '' ) to using them as the painting itself .
Nelly Baylon was an actress in the Philippines .
Alfred Wyndham Lushington , C.I.E. ( 22 September 1860 - 26 March 1920 ) was an Anglo - Indian dendrologist born in Allahabad , India and who worked primarily in the Madras Presidency .
Jean Omer Beriziky ( born 9 September 1950 ) is a Malagasy politician and diplomat who was Prime Minister of Madagascar in the government of consensus of President Andry Rajoelina from 2011 .
Fatemeh Javadi ( born 1959 ) is a conservative Iranian politician who was Vice President of Iran from 2005 to 2009 .
Paul Hansen Birch worked as a military officer , reaching the rank of general aide - de - camp for King Charles III John of Norway in 1821 .
Mary Kalantzis was born in a village in the Peloponnese , Greece , and migrated to Australia with her family in 1953 .
Taiwo Odubiyi ( born 29 May 1965 ) is an author ; an international speaker , a marriage and relationship counsellor , and the Senior Associate Pastor , alongside her husband Reverend Sola Odubiyi , of The Still Waters Church International with Headquarters in Ikorodu , Nigeria .
Philippe Pottier ( 9 July 1938 in Monthey , Switzerland -- 22 September 1985 ) was a Swiss footballer .
Ahmet Çakar ( born August 3 , 1962 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a famous Turkish sportscaster and a former football referee .
Nelly Olin ( born 23 March 1941 ) is a former Minister of Environment in France under De Villepin 's government .
Albert Lacombe ( 28 February 1827 -- 12 December 1916 ) , commonly known in Alberta simply as Father Lacombe , was a French - Canadian Roman Catholic missionary who lived among and evangelized the Cree and also visited the Blackfoot First Nations of northwestern Canada .
Hamid Jasemian ( Persian : حمید جاسمیان ) born August 25 , 1936 in Abadan , Iran is a retired Iranian football player .
Miriam Giovanelli was born in Rome ( Italy ) , to an Italian father and Spanish mother .
Marcus Österdahl , born 27 January 1943 in Stockholm , Sweden , is a Swedish musical director and entrepreneur .
Konstantinos Dosios ( 1810 - -1871 ) was a Greek lawyer and politician in the newly established independent state of Greece and minister plenipotentiary to the church .
Niamh Ní Charra is an Irish fiddler , concertina player and singer from Killarney , Ireland .
Mariadas Ruthnaswamy ( 1885 - -1977 ) was a leading educationalist , statesman and a writer in Madras ( now Chennai , Tamil Nadu ) , India .
Donald Frederick Sandys Wunsch OBE ( 16 January 1887 -- 23 August 1973 ) was a notable New Zealand chemical engineer and factory manager .
Erik Setiawan ( born in Bandung , West Java , 23 November 1983 ) is an Indonesian footballer , he normally plays as a wing back and his height is 173 cm . He is former player for the Indonesia U-23 Team , and has been coached by Sergei Dubrovin , Bernard Schumm , Juan Paez and Peter Withe .
Pawlu Camilleri is one of Malta 's leading harmonica musicians .
Georges Gope - Fenepej ( born 23 October 1988 ) is a New Caledonian France international footballer who plays as a striker for Troyes AC and the New Caledonia national team .
Stig Kent Tony Stigsson ( born November 6 , 1956 , in Lönsboda , Sweden ) is a former major general in the Swedish Army , former operative head for the staff of the Swedish armed forces , as well as member of the Swedish army staff and Sweden 's representative in the Challenges of Peace Operations .
Matthias Zschokke ( October 29 , 1954 Bern , Switzerland ) is a Swiss writer and filmmaker .
Marri Nallos is a pop singer from the Philippines .
Karsten Thormaehlen ( born 1965 , Bad Kreuznach , Germany ) is a German photographer .
Eva - Lena Lundgren ( born c. 1962 ) is a Swedish model , and the former Miss Sweden 1981 .
Hlynur Atlason ( born April 19 , 1974 in Reykjavik , Iceland ) is an Icelandic industrial designer based in New York City .
Nérée Le Noblet Duplessis ( 5 March 1855 -- 23 June 1926 ) was a politician in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Rosa María Juana Martínez Suárez ( born 23 February 1927 ) , known by her stage name Mirtha Legrand , is an Argentine actress and television presenter who has worked in Argentina and Spain , twin sister of retired actress Silvia Legrand .
Eryk Kowalczyk ( born 29 July 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Xilent /ˈzaɪlənt/ , is a Polish dubstep , electro house and drum & bass music producer residing in Poland .
Sarah Bettens ( born 23 September 1972 , Kapellen , Belgium ) is the lead singer of the Belgian band K 's Choice .
Ahmed Mohamed Amr Darrag ( born October 1958 ) is an Egyptian engineer and politician , who briefly served as Egypt 's minister of planning and international cooperation from 7 May to 4 July 2013 .
Ann Mandrella is a French actress , born in Besançon , France on the 3rd of August .
Vibeke Storm Rasmussen ( born 14 September 1945 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish politician and the current chairman of the Capital Region of Denmark , elected for the Social Democrats .
Annie Cleland Millar ( 15 March 1855 -- 25 March 1939 ) was a New Zealand businesswoman .
Dr. Shashi Panja is a medical practitioner , All India Trinamool Congress politician and a minister of state in the Council of Ministers of West Bengal .
Osman Saleh Mohammed was the first Minister of Education for Eritrea following Independence , serving in that position from 1993 to 2007 .
C. N. Karunakaran ( 1940 -- 14 December 2013 ) was a painter from India .
Born in to a Jewish family in Smolensk , a city in western Russia , Morris Markin worked in a clothing factory during his young years .
Rajesh Payal Rai born in Khotang district Saramatha Zone East of Nepal .
Jean - Olivier Zirignon ( born 27 April 1971 in Abidjan ) is a Côte d'Ivoire ( Ivory Coast ) sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres .
Vardan Ayvazyan ( Armenian : Վարդան Այվազյան ; born November 7 , 1961 ) is the current Ecology Minister of Armenia .
Majid Bajelan ( Persian : مجید باجلان‎‎ ; born December 4 , 1980 ) is an Iranian Football player who currently plays for Gahar Zagros of the Iran Pro League .
Willem Vogelsang ( born 1956 in Medemblik ) is the deputy director of the International Institute for Asian Studies at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands .
Daniel Barrera Barrera , also known as El Loco , is a former Colombian drug lord suspected of being the boss of the illegal drug trade in Colombia 's eastern plains .
Aadnya Borkar ( born September 15 , 1987 in Mumbai , India ) , is an Indian figure skater currently living and practicing in Oman .
David Fatialofa is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally in England for Whitehaven .
Claire Vaive ( born March 6 , 1940 in Hull , Quebec ) was a politician in Quebec , Canada .
On June 2005 , Amirul Hamizan Ibrahim has tested positive for banned substance namely steroids in an out - of - competition test conducted by the National Sports Council of Malaysia and faced a ban of two years .
Muhammad Karam Shah al - Azhari ( Arabic : شیخ محمد کرم شاہ الأزهري‎ ) , Sitara - e - Imtiaz , ( 1918 - -1998 ) was an eminent Sheykh ( Spiritual Master ) of tariqa Chistiyya and an Islamic ( Sunni ) scholar associated with Barelvi movement from Pakistan .
Ana Karen Allende is a Mexican artisan from the Mexico City borough of Coyoacán , who specializes in creating rag dolls and soft fabric animals .
Andy Susemihl ( born in Ulm , Germany ) is a German guitarist , singer , songwriter and record producer .
Inbar Bakal ( Hebrew : עינבר באקל‎ ) ( born in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an Israeli singer and songwriter .
Daniel Wiemer ( born 4 February 1976 in Cologne , Germany ) is a German actor mainly known for his role of Bong in the German comedy shows Axel ! and Axel ! will 's wissen with Axel Stein .
Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein ( born 5 August 1961 ) is a Malaysian politician who has been Minister of Defence of Malaysia since 16 May 2013 .
Gustaf Nordqvist , born 12 February 1886 in Stockholm , Sweden , dead 28 January 1949 in Stockholm , Sweden was a Swedish composer , church musician and professor .
Jack Goohsen ( born November 7 , 1942 ) ) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Cristina Perincioli ( born November 11 , 1946 in Bern , Switzerland ) is a Swiss film director , writer , multimedia producer and webauthor .
Samuel Ludwig Salla , better known by his stage name Mister Bibal , is a Cameroon - born and Paris - based musician and producer .
Patrycja Mikula ( born May 28 , 1983 in Rzeszów , Poland ) also known as Patricia Mikula is a Polish model and Playboy Cybergirl .
Fapy Lafertin ( born Courtrai , Belgium , 1950 ) is a jazz guitarist of Romani ethnicity , one of the foremost contemporary exponents of the Belgian - Dutch style of Gypsy jazz .
Bartholomew Crannell Beardsley ( October 21 , 1775 -- March 24 , 1855 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in Upper Canada and New Brunswick .
Nguyễn Văn Lộc ( born August 24 , 1922 ) was Prime Minister of South Vietnam between 31 October 1967 and 17 May 1968 .
Maria Antonietta Picconi ( born 23 September 1869 , d. 1926 ) was an Italian composer and pianist born in Rome , Italy .
Paintings by Alexandre Grégoire have been sold by the Friends of HAS Haiti to raise funds for the Hôpital Albert Schweitzer Haiti , located in Deschapelles .
Andrew av Fløtum ( born on 13 June 1979 ) is a Faroese football striker , currently playing for Faroe Islands Premier League Football team HB Tórshavn .
Jordan Hayes was born in and grew up in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Jean Cassou was born at Deusto , near Bilbao , ( Spain ) .
Béla Simon ( born 4 August 1988 in Szolnok , Hungary ) is a Hungarian rower .
Alonso de Mendoza was born between 1471 and 1476 in La Garrovilla ( Badajoz , Spain ) .
Iola Leal Riesco ( born 4 July 1977 in Lugo , Spain ) is an environmental and social activist working for European Forest Institute and Well Grounded .
Dr. Ernst Nicolaas Herman Jansen , ( born 24 October 1945 in Kamperland , Netherlands ) , also known as Ernst Jansen Steur , is a former Dutch neurologist , who garnered notoriety for misconduct and lost his license to practice medicine .
Harald Grenske ( 10th century ) was a petty king in Vestfold in Norway .
On 13 October 2007 , Sultan Ibragimov won his first title defense against the aging former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield by unanimous decision for the WBO heavyweight title at Khodynka Arena in Moscow , Russia .
Rahim Moazzen Zadeh Ardabili ( Persian : رحیم موذن زاده اردبیلی‎ ; 1925 -- 25 May 2005 ) was a prominent Shia Moazzen in Iran .
Agneta Marell ( born 1964 in Gothenburg , Sweden ) is professor in Business Administration and since 2010 Deputy vice - chancellor for external relations and innovation at Umeå University in northern Sweden .
Vincent de Moor ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvɪnsɛnt də ˈmoːr ) ; born 5 December 1973 , Delft , Netherlands ) is a Dutch trance artist .
Henry Dübs ( 1816 -- 24 April 1876 ) , born Heinrich Dübs in Guntersblum 29 km South of Mainz , Capital of Rheinland - Palatinate ) Germany , was a German - born British businessman and engineer who founded Dübs and Company , at one time the second largest locomotive manufacturer in Britain .
Vítor Martins ( born October 22 , 1944 ) is a Brazilian songwriter , known for several hits in Brazil and internationally .
Roberto Urdaneta Arbeláez ( 27 June 1890 -- 20 August 1972 ) was a Colombian Conservative party politician who served as President of Colombia from November 1951 until June 1953 , while President Laureano Gómez was absent due to health issues .
N'fa ( born N'fa Forster - Jones ; also known as N'fa Jones , 21 March 1979 ) is an African Australian rapper born in London , but raised in Perth , Western Australia , best known as the frontman for 1200 Techniques .
Alison Wong ( born 1960 ) is a New Zealand poet and novelist of Chinese heritage .
In May 2013 , Chidinma signed an endorsement deal with MTN Nigeria .
Eivør Pálsdóttir ( pronounced ( ˈaivœɹ ˈpɔlsˌdœʰtəɹ ) ; born 21 July 1983 in Syðrugøta , Faroe Islands ) is a Faroese singer - songwriter with a distinct voice and a wide range of interests in various music genres spanning from rock , jazz , folk , and pop , to European classical music .
Boyukagha Hajiyev ( Azerbaijani : Böyükağa Hacıyev , born 20 April 1958 , Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan SSR , USSR ) is an Azerbaijani retired football player and football manager .
Hiralal Sen ( Bengali : হীরালাল সেন , Hiralal Shen ) ( 1866 - -1917 ) was an Indian photographer generally considered one of India 's first filmmakers .
Born on May 19 , 1984 in Bamako , Mali , in a Fula family , the sixth of seven children , Inna Bocoum owes her artist name to her mother , who gave her the nickname of Inna Modja , which means `` Inna is bad '' or `` Inna is not good '' in Fulfulde .
Bir Man Chaudhari(Nepali : बीरमान चौधरी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Watisone Lotawa is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who plays provincial rugby for Auckland in the Air New Zealand Cup
Bileh is a self - styled `` spokesman '' for Somali pirates operating off the coast of Somalia and based in the town of Eyl in Puntland .
Snehan was born in a small village Pudhukariyapatti , near Sengipatti in Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India as the youngest of eight sons into an agricultural family .
Aleksi Bardy ( born 24 September 1970 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish television writer , screenwriter and film producer .
Pannisseri Nanu Pillai ( 11 September 1885 -- 20 August 1942 ) was a poet , scholar , ascetic , critic and artist from Kerala , India , who specialised in the classical India genre of dance - drama known as Kathakali .
Andrius Gudžius ( born 14 February 1991 ) is a discus thrower who competes internationally for Lithuania .
Born as Yordan Milanov on December 26 , 1867 in the town of Elena , Bulgaria , he graduated at the famous Aprilov National High School in Gabrovo .
Władysław Rząb was born on 18 May 1910 in Zgierz in Poland in a working - class family .
While the veracity of this comic account is open to doubt , at least one modern author considers it significant that in Classical Athens , three hundred or so years after the death of Solon , there existed a discourse that associated his reforms with an increased availability of heterosexual pleasure .
Scarlett Montanaro ( born in Leigh - on - Sea , United Kingdom ) , known professionally as Baybe ! , is a British - based singer / actress .
Dr. David Warnock OBE ( April 11 , 1865 in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire , Scotland -- August 23 , 1932 ) was a politician and veterinarian from Alberta , Canada .
Francisco Rodrigues Saturnino de Brito ( 1864 in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro -- 1929 in Pelotas , Rio Grande do Sul ) is considered the pioneer of sanitary engineering in Brazil .
Cándido Muatetema Rivas ( 20 February 1960 - 16 June 2014 ) was a political figure in Equatorial Guinea who was Prime Minister from 2001 to 2004 .
Manfred Bock ( 28 May 1941 -- 31 October 2010 ) was German track and field athlete who started for West Germany at the European Championship of 1962 and received the bronze medal in the Decathlon .
Ven Long Gen ( Chinese : 隆根长老 ) ( 1921 - 2011 ) was a key monastic figure in the Singapore Buddhist community .
Madara Līduma ( born 10 August 1982 in Gulbene , Latvia ) is a World Cup level Latvian biathlete .
Hélène Joy is a Gemini Award - winning , Canadian television , stage and film actress from Perth , Australia .
Amadou Doucoure ( born 1919 in Goumbou , Mali , and died November 15 , 1971 in Bamako ) was a Malian politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1947 .
Niels Bagge Hansen better known by the stage name Vinnie Who ( born on 1 November 1987 ) is a Danish indie pop and disco singer and songwriter who released two albums , whose the debut Then I Met You in 2010 and Midnight Special and is signed to EMI Denmark .
Robert Burkall Marsh ( born 1950 ) is a Welsh - born painter who moved to New Zealand as a child .
François Dollier de Casson ( 1636 -- 27 September 1701 ) was born in France into a wealthy bourgeois and military family .
William Parra ( b. 1966 ) is one of Colombia 's best known journalists .
Kurt Vilhelm Jørgensen ( May 27 , 1897 in Varpelev -- October 3 , 1967 in Kregme ) was a Danish football ( soccer ) player , who played 15 games for the Denmark national football team from 1917 to 1923 .
Daniela Ciancio ( born 5 March 1965 , Naples , Italy ) is an Italian costume designer , noted chiefly for her film costumes .
Marcel Gleffe ( born 1979 in Teterow , Germany ) is a German living in Norway who saved the lives of several people during the massacre on the island of Utøya .
Barry Matthews ( born 1946 ) was Chief Executive of the New Zealand Department of Corrections from 2005 to 2010 .
Henry De Vere Stacpoole ( 9 April 1863 -- 12 April 1951 ) was an Irish author , born in Ireland in Kingstown ( now Dún Laoghaire ) .
Danijel Majkić ( born 16 December 1987 in Banja Luka , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian professional footballer , who currently plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce in the Slovak Super Liga .
Bahman Maghsoudlou ( born in Gorgan , Iran , 1946 ) is a film scholar , critic , and independent film producer / director .
Nino Katamadze was born in Kobuleti , Adjara , Soviet Georgia in 1972 .
Tomislav Karamarko ( pronounced ( tǒmislaʋ karamǎːrko ) ; born 25 May 1959 ) is a Croatian politician who serves as the First Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia since January 2016 .
Niko Eeckhout ( born 16 December 1970 ) is a former professional road racing cyclist from Belgium , racing between 1993 and 2013 .
Nagalingam Shanmugathasan ( Tamil : நாகலிங்கம் சண்முகதாசன் , 1920 -- 8 February 1993 ) was a trade unionist and Maoist revolutionary leader in Sri Lanka .
Shon Siemonek is a New Zealand - born ex - rugby union player for the Ballymore Tornadoes in the Australian Rugby Championship , where he played as a loose - head prop .
The trio of Papalolo , Jacob and Aderupoko are credited with leading the advancement of comedy in Nigeria in the 1970s and 80s .
Elisa Orlandi ( 1811 - 1834 ) was an Italian opera singer who was active at major opera houses in Italy from 1829 until her sudden death in 1834 .
Peniche Everton Romualdo or simply Peniche ( born January 16 , 1979 in Brazil ) is a retired Brazilian professional footballer .
Chalita Yaemwannang ( Thai : ชาลิตา แย้มวัณณังค์ ) , nickname Lita ( Thai : ลิต้า ) ( born 21 April 1988 in Bangkok ) is a Thai beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Thailand 2013 and represented her country at Miss Universe 2013 .
Valerie Jodoin Keaton is represented in Canada by 2m2 Agency and in the United States by Morrison Hotel Gallery .
Matt Masters Burgener , known professionally as Matt Masters ( born March 23 , 1976 ) is a singer , songwriter , and guitarist from Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Min Chueh Chang was born on October 10 , 1908 , in the village of Dunhòu , which lies 64 miles ( 103 km ) northwest of Taiyuan , the capital city of Shanxi province , in China .
Shaleen Bhanot is an Indian actor from Jabalpur who got his start on the reality show MTV Roadies on MTV India .
Persian Jews or Iranian Jews ( Persian : یهودیان ایرانی‎‎ ) ( Hebrew : יהודים פרסים‎ ) are Jews historically associated with Iran , traditionally known as Persia in Western sources .
Norah Telford Burnard ( 14 July 1902 - -27 February 1979 ) was a New Zealand school dental supervisor and journal editor .
Ali Sa'id Sheik Hassan , also referred to as Ali Sa'id Hassan Awale and Ali Said ( died 17 June 2009 ) , was the chief of police of Mogadishu and a commander of security forces during the war in Somalia , in which he was killed by sniper fire in June 2009 .
Thomas Kihlström ( born 1948 ) is a former badminton player from Sweden known for his agility , tactical astuteness , and coolness under pressure .
Ramakanta Panda is the Chief Consultant for Cardiovascular Thoracic Surgery and the Vice Chairman and Managing Director of the Asian Heart Institute , a speciality cardiac care hospital under the aegis of Asian Hospitals , at the Bandra - Kurla Complex in Mumbai , India .
Tawab Arash ( Persian : تواب آرش‎‎ ) ( born 1976 ) is a singer from Afghanistan .
Dagmar Hase ( born 22 December 1969 in Quedlinburg , Saxony - Anhalt , East Germany ) is a former German swimmer , specialised in the freestyle and backstroke .
Alexander Robert Fyffe ( c. 1811 -- April 1854 ) was a New Zealand whaler and runholder .
Hans Arnold ( 22 April 1925 -- 25 October 2010 ) was an artist , born in Switzerland , who lived and worked in Sweden from 1947 until his death in 2010 .
Felix Kubin ( born Felix Knoth , 1969 in Hamburg , West Germany ) is an electronic musician .
Nicholas Gruen ( born 1957 ) is a prominent Australian economist and commentator on innovation and the CEO of Lateral Economics and Chairman of the Australian Centre for Social Innovation and the Open Knowledge Foundation ( Australia ) .
Roma Asrani is a Sindhi , born and brought up in South India , hailing from a business background .
Andrea Kékesy ( born 17 September 1926 in Budapest ) is a former pair skater from Hungary .
Dubravko Šimenc ( born 2 November 1966 in Zagreb ) is a former Croatian water polo player who competed for both Yugoslavia and Croatia .
Hallgrímur Pétursson ( 1614 -- October 27 , 1674 ) was one of Iceland 's most famous poets and a minister at Hvalneskirkja and Saurbær in Hvalfjörður .
Gerardo Mosquera ( 1945 in Havana ) is a freelance curator , critic , art historian , and writer based in Havana , Cuba .
Wilson Contreras ( born October 5 , 1967 , in Vallenar , Chile ) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for clubs of Chile .
Eylül Elgalp was born on January 9 , 1991 in Seyhan district of Adana Province in southern Turkey .
Melita Švob ( German : Schwob ; born 17 July 1931 in Zagreb , former Kingdom of Yugoslavia , now Croatia ) is a Croatian Jewish biologist , scientist and historian .
Hoani Retimana Waititi ( 1926 - -1965 ) was a notable New Zealand teacher , educationalist and community leader .
Sonja Steinacher ( born August 16 , 1975 ) is an luger from Verdings / Klausen in South Tyrol who has competed for Italy since 1995 .
Altan Öymen ( 1932 Trabzon , Turkey ) is a Turkish journalist , author and former politician .
Jaan Talts ( born 19 May 1944 ) is a former Estonian weightlifter and Olympic champion who competed for the Soviet Union .
Ilir Bajri ( born 1969 ) is a Kosovo Albanian jazz composer , pianist , and the director of Prishtina Jazz Festival .
Diana Lucas ( born December 6 , 1986 , at Alenquer , near Lisbon , Portugal ) is a Portuguese singer and actress .
Anton Vratuša , born Vratussa Antal ( born 21 February 1915 ) is a former politician and diplomat , who was Prime Minister of Slovenia and Yugoslavia 's ambassador to the United Nations .
Bal Bahadur Rai ( बल बहादुर राई ) was the leader of political party Nepali Congress and former minister of Nepal government .
Adèle Euphrasie Barbier ( Religious name : Mother Mary of the Heart of Jesus ) ( 4 January 1829 -- 18 January 1893 ) was a New Zealand Roman Catholic nun , teacher and religious founder .
Kuruppasserry Varkey Thomas ( born 10 May 1946 ) , commonly known as K. V. Thomas , is an Indian politician from Kumbalangi in Ernakulam district , Kerala , India .
MV Bill has also funneled his passion for social justice into a book , Cabeça de Porco , that he co - authored with Celso Athayde and Luis Eduardo Soares , one of Brazil 's foremost social anthropologists .
Alessandro Lotta ( born 26 March in Trieste , Italy ) is the former bassist of the Italian symphonic metal band Rhapsody Of Fire , which he joined in 1996 .
Kali Bahadur Malla ( Nepali : कालीबहादुर मल्ल ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Coralie Grévy ( 1811 - 1893 ) was a first lady of France in 1879 - 1887 .
Charles John Thorn ( 1847 - -1935 ) was a notable New Zealand carpenter , undertaker and trade unionist .
Katherine Elizabeth Morton , better known as Elsie K. Morton ( 5 October 1885 -- 21 August 1968 ) , was a New Zealand journalist and writer .
Nori Shih ( or Shih Ming - teh ; Chinese : 施明德 ; pinyin : Shī Míngdé ; Wade -- Giles : Shih1 Ming2-te2 ; born January 15 , 1941 in Kaohsiung ) is a political activist in Taiwan and was once a political prisoner for 25-and - a - half years .
Kenneth Lex Shirley ( born 12 August 1950 ) , generally called Ken Shirley , is a former New Zealand politician .
Stéphane Valeri ( born March 1 , 1962 ) is a Monegasque politician and businessman , who is currently the Minister for Social Affairs and Health in Monaco .
Justin Duff ( born May 10 , 1988 , in Winnipeg , Canada ) is a Canadian volleyball player , a member of Canada men 's national volleyball team , a bronze medalist of NORCECA Championship ( 2011 , 2013 ) .
Grzegorz Kielsa ( born 26 May 1979 , Białystok , Poland ) is a Canadian based Polish professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division .
Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury ( 1 February 1921 -- 24 December 1998 ) was a politician in East Pakistan , social benefactor , and member of the Ghugudanga Zemindar family .
Margaret Dorothy Louise Daniels , MBE ( 1 August 1916 - -27 June 1981 ) was a New Zealand ballet teacher and director .
Mia Lövheim ( born 1968 ) is a professor of the Sociology of Religion at Uppsala University in Uppsala , Sweden with a research specialisation in new media .
Patrick Drahi was born in Casablanca , Morocco to a Moroccan Jewish family .
Sita Devi Boudel ( Nepali : सीतादेबी बौडेल)is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
The inversion of reality in BabaKiueria highlights the unfairness of Australia 's past and present Aboriginal policies and the entrenched racism in society .
The Mullets is a sitcom that was created by producers Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein .
Be My Valentine , Charlie Brown is the 13th prime - time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
Appointment with Death is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 May 1938 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company later in the same year .
Dropping the Pilot is a political cartoon by Sir John Tenniel , first published in the British magazine Punch on 29 March 1890 .
Black Mirror is a British television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker that features speculative fiction with dark and sometimes satirical themes which examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
OSS 117 is the codename for Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath , a fictional secret agent initially from the pen of the prolific Jean Bruce .
Landscape with Polyphemus is a 1649 painting by Nicolas Poussin , a French painter .
Right and Left is a 1909 oil on canvas painting by the American artist Winslow Homer .
Flight of the Storks is a 2012 French English - language action thriller miniseries directed by Jan Kounen and based on Jean - Christophe Grangé 's 1994 novel of the same name .
Monument to the Revolution of the people of Moslavina or simply Monument to the Revolution ( Serbo - Croatian : Spomenik revolucije naroda Moslavine ) is a World War II memorial sculpture by Dušan Džamonja , located in Podgarić , Berek , Croatia .
Ebony White is a fictional character from the 1940 comics series The Spirit , created by Will Eisner .
Madame Giry is a fictional character from Gaston Leroux 's 1909 novel The Phantom of the Opera .
Falling Skies is an American science - fiction post - apocalyptic dramatic television series created by Robert Rodat and executive produced by Steven Spielberg .
The Massacre at Chios ( French : Scène des massacres de Scio ) is the second major oil painting by the French artist Eugène Delacroix .
The Daily Show was created by Lizz Winstead and Madeleine Smithberg and premiered on Comedy Central on July 22 , 1996 , having been marketed as a replacement for Politically Incorrect ( a successful Comedy Central program that had moved to ABC earlier that year ) .
A Wooded Marsh ( c. 1660s ) is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael .
Christ and the Penitent Sinners or Christ with the four great penitents is a 1617 oil on canvas painting by Peter Paul Rubens .
The Andrew W. Mellon Memorial Fountain is a bronze fountain sculpture by Sidney Waugh .
Bratatat ! is a 1963 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein in his comic book style of using Ben - Day dots and a text balloon .
Brattata is a 1962 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein in his comic book style of using Ben - Day dots and a text balloon .
Connemara Girl is an 1865 painting by the Irish artist Augustus Nicholas Burke ( July 28 , 1838 -- 1891 ) .
United States of Tara is an American television comedy - drama created by Diablo Cody , which aired on Showtime from 2009 to 2011 .
The Patrick Cudahy Memorial is a public art work by American artist Felix de Weldon , located in Sheridan Park in Cudahy , Wisconsin .
A Cotton Office in New Orleans is an 1873 oil painting by Edgar Degas .
Je t'aime No . IV is a part of Robert Motherwell 's Je t'aime series , dating from 1955 - 1957 .
New York Undercover was created and produced by Dick Wolf , and its storyline takes place in the same fictional universe as Wolf 's NBC series Law & Order , its spin - offs and Homicide :
View of the Garden of the Villa Medici is a small painting by Diego Velázquez of the garden at the Villa Medici in Rome , with some figures standing watching an unseen event , possibly the works behind the scaffolding in the middle of the building in the background .
Consequences of War , also known as Horror of war , was executed between 1638 - 1639 by Peter Paul Rubens in oil paint on canvas .
Demi 's Birthday Suit , or The Suit , was a trompe - l'œil body painting by Joanne Gair photographed by Annie Leibovitz that was featured on the cover of the Vanity Fair August 1992 issue to commemorate and exploit the success of Leibovitz 's More Demi Moore cover photo of Demi Moore one year earlier .
Rêve de printemps ( en . Dream of Spring ) is a painting by William - Adolphe Bouguereau in the year 1901 .
Timothy Goes to School is an American / Canadian children 's animated cartoon series based on the series of Yoko and other individual books by Rosemary Wells such as `` Shy Charles '' , `` Fritz and the Mess Fairy '' and `` Noisy Nora '' , but is titled after the book of the same name .
The Chartist Mural was a mosaic mural designed by Kenneth Budd and created in 1978 in a pedestrian underpass in Newport , South Wales .
The Four Stages of Cruelty is a series of four printed engravings published by English artist William Hogarth in 1751 .
221B Baker Street is the London address of the fictional detective Sherlock Holmes , created by author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
The Gualino Madonna is a painting attributed to Italian late medieval artist Duccio di Buoninsegna .
Combat of Love and Chastity is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Pietro Perugino , currently housed in the Musée du Louvre , in Paris , France .
Charles Marlow is a recurring character in the work of Polish - born English novelist Joseph Conrad .
Autosuggestion is a psychological technique that was developed by apothecary Émile Coué at the beginning of the 20th century .
The Feast of the Rosary ( German : Rosenkranzfest ) is a 1506 oil painting by Albrecht Dürer , now in the National Gallery , Prague , Czech Republic .
Doctor Finlay is a British television series based on A. J. Cronin 's stories about the fictional hero , Dr. Finlay .
Joe Reardon ( born 1968 ) is the former mayor of Kansas City , Kansas and Wyandotte County .
Matsudaira Kiyo ( 松平 喜代 ) , ( 1844 --1920 ) was a Japanese woman of the mid to late 19th century .
Shanti Kumar Desai ( 3 March 1908 -- 6 January 1986 ) also credited as Shanti Kumar , was an Indian music director who gave music to Hindi films between 1934 -1964 .
Thomas Killigrew ( 7 February 1612 -- 19 March 1683 ) was an English dramatist and theatre manager .
The Chizhishizhuhou Chanyu ( 持至尸逐侯单于 ; 150 - -196 ; reg . 188 - -195 AD ) , given name Yufuluo ( 於夫羅 ) , was a puppet Chanyu of the southern Xiongnu during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Arvid Franzen ( 1899 - 1961 ) was a Swedish - born accordionist and bandleader , whose live performances and numerous recordings made him a household name in Scandinavian communities throughout the United States .
Yang Chengfu or Yang Ch'eng - fu ( 1883 - -1936 ) is historically considered the best known teacher of the soft style martial art of Yang - style t'ai chi ch'uan ( Yang - style Taijiquan ) .
Isidor Seiss ( 23 December 1840 -- 25 September 1905 ) was a German composer , conductor , pianist , piano pedagogue and philanthropist .
Radomir Naumov ( Serbian : Радомир Наумов ; 20 December 1946 -- 22 May 2015 ) was the former Serbian Minister of Religion and Minister of Mining and Energy , in cabinet of PM Vojislav Koštunica .
Rufus William Bailey ( 13 April 1793 -- 25 April 1863 ) was the founder of Augusta Female Seminary ( later Mary Baldwin College ) , in Staunton , Virginia , and also president of Austin College , in Huntsville , Texas .
Thomas Childs ( 16 March 1796 - 8 October 1853 ) was a U.S. soldier who served with distinction during the Mexican - American War .
Genia Melikova Evgenia ( January 6 , 1924 -- March 5 , 2004 ) was a well - known ballet dancer in Europe in the 50s and 60s who then established a long and prestigious teaching career in the United States .
Samuel Shenton ( March 1903 -- 2 March 1971 ) was the founder in 1956 of the International Flat Earth Research Society ( IFERS ) , usually known as the Flat Earth Society , based in Dover , England .
Peduru Hewage William de Silva ( 8 December 1908 -- 30 July 1988 ) was a 20th - century Ceylonese politician with Marxist / Trotskyist leanings .
Melvin Starkey Henderson ( 1883 - -1954 ) was an American orthopedic surgeon , who was born in St. Paul , Minnesota ( USA ) .
William Barefoot ( 1872 -- November 1941 ) was a notable local politician in south - east London during the early part of the 20th century .
William Stewart , 1st Earl of Blessington ( 7 April 1709 -- 14 August 1769 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer and member of the House of Lords , styled The Honourable William Stewart until 1728 and known as The Viscount Mountjoy from 1728 to 1745 .
Aldwin Ferguson ( 23 March 1935 -- 28 August 2008 ) was a Trinidad and Tobago footballer .
Franz de Paula Ferg ( 1689 - -1740 ) , also known as Francis Paul Ferg , was an Austrian painter , draughtsman , and printmaker .
David Frederick Markham MA ( 1800 -- 31 March 1853 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1827 to 1853
Sir John Hamilton - Dalrymple , 5th Baronet ( 2 December 1780 - 26 May 1835 ) was a Scottish politician and the MP for Haddington Burghs between 1805 and 1806 .
Mary Angela Dickens ( 31 October 1862 -- 7 February 1948 ) was a British novelist and journalist of the late Victorian and Edwardian eras , and the oldest grandchild of the novelist Charles Dickens .
Bernhard Wehner ( 15 December 1909 -- 31 December 1995 ) was a German criminal inspector , Schutzstaffel ( SS ) officer , and journalist .
Joseph , 4th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau ( German : Joseph Ernst Leonhard Dominik Fürst Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau ; 12 January 1751 -- 11 August 1798 ) was the 4th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau .
Alexander A. Parsons ( 1847 -- 1932 ) was a journalist and politician in Newfoundland .
Timothy Manlove ( 1663 - -1699 ) was an English Presbyterian minister and physician .
Mary Hermione Hobhouse MBE ( 2 February 1934 -- 17 October 2014 ) was an architectural historian .
Thomas Newbigging ( 30 September 1833 -- 1914 ) was a Scottish historian , writer and engineer .
Rhys Gryg ( English `` Rhys the Hoarse '' ) ( died 1234 ) , real name Rhys ap Rhys , also known as Rhys Fychan ( `` The Younger '' ) was a Welsh prince who ruled part of the Kingdom of Deheubarth .
Nelson Stepanyan ( Armenian : Նելսոն Գևորգի Ստեփանյան , Russian : Нельсон Георгиевич Степанян , Nelson Gevorkovich Stepanyan ; 28 March ( O.S. 15 March ) 1913 -- 14 December 1944 ) was a Soviet Armenian dive bomber pilot during the Second World War in the Red Air Force .
Éléonore - Jean - Nicolas Soleil ( Cherbourg , 6 January 1767 -- Octeville , 11 March 1824 ) was a French Navy officer and captain .
George Bryant Campion ( 1795 - -1870 ) was an English watercolour landscape painter .
Deborah Makepeace ( 1957 , Yorkshire--1999 ) was a British television actress .
Ricardo Brillantes ( 1912 -- November 1961 ) was a Filipino prewar actor and also film director and a prominent writer for Bulaklak and Liwayway magazines , who made his first movie under Liwayway Pictures in 1938 's Spanish Civil War movie of Mutya ng Katipunan aka Muse of Katipunan .
Irena Jurgielewiczowa ( née Drozdowicz ; 13 January 1903 -- 25 May 2003 ) was a Polish teacher and writer of children 's literature and young adult literature .
Lawrence Batley ( 1911 -- 27 August 2002 ) was an entrepreneur and philanthropist who was born in the town of Huddersfield , in the English county of Yorkshire .
Sir Ralph Molyneux Combe ( 2 December 1872 -- 16 February 1946 ) was a British barrister and colonial judge .
Albert Chevalier born Albert Onésime Britannicus Gwathveoyd Louis Chevalier ; ( 21 March 1861 -- 10 July 1923 ) , was an English music hall comedian , singer and musical theatre actor .
George Harris Butler ( 1840 - -1886 ) , the nephew of a prominent Massachusetts Congressman , was appointed Consul General in Alexandria , Egypt , in 1870 .
Murong Sheng ( Chinese : 慕容盛 ; 373 - -401 ) , courtesy name Daoyun ( 道運 ) , formally Emperor Zhaowu of ( Later ) Yan ( ( 後)燕昭武帝 ) , was an emperor of the Xianbei state Later Yan .
Saint Cunera of Rhenen , ( also Kunera of Rhenen , or St. C / Kunera of Rhenen ) ( deceased Rhenen , 28 October 340 ) was a virgin and martyr .
Richard Tolson ( 1622 - -1689 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1646 to 1648 and in 1660 .
Muhsin al Amin ( 1867 - 1952 ) was a leading Shi'a cleric in Lebanon .
Hec McKay ( 15 December 1904 -- 15 March 1969 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the VFL .
Samuel Penny ( 1808 - 1853 ) was an American Episcopal clergyman .
Sir John Boreham , KCB ( 1925 -- 8 June 1994 ) was a government statistician and the director of what was the Central Statistical Office of the United Kingdom from 1978 to 1985 .
Teddy Yarosz ( 24 June 1910 -- 29 March 1974 ) was an American athlete in boxing .
Charles Raymbault ( 1602 in France - 1643 in Quebec ) was a Jesuit missionary .
Sowar Ditto Ram of the Central India Horse ( 21st King George Vs . Own Horse ) , Indian Armoured Corps , in the Indian Army during World War II was posthumously awarded the George Cross for his gallantry in helping a wounded comrade on 23 July 1944 at Monte Cassino in Italy .
Helen Augur ( died 1969 ) was an American journalist and historical writer .
Frederick Ayres ( born 17 March 1876 ; died 23 Nov 1926 ) was an American composer .
Frédéric Samuel Cordey ( 1854 - 1911 ) was a French landscape painter who was a part of the Impressionist movement .
Lewis Wogan ( c.1649 -- 1702 ) was one of the Wogans of Boulston , in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Colonel Henry Halcro Johnston CB CBE DL FRSE FLS ( 13 September 1856 -- 18 October 1939 ) was a Scottish botanist , physician , rugby union international and Deputy Lieutenant for Orkney .
Prince Saunders ( 1775 - -1839 ) was an African - American teacher , scholar , diplomat , and author who was born in either Lebanon , Connecticut or Thetford , Vermont according to various sources .
Napoleone della Torre ( died 16 August 1278 ) , also known as Napo della Torre or Napo Torriani , was an Italian nobleman , who was effective Lord of Milan in the late 13th century .
Rogier van der Weyden ( Dutch : ( roːˈɣiːr vɑn dɛr ˈʋɛi̯də(n ) ) ) or Roger de la Pasture ( 1399 or 1400 -- 18 June 1464 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter .
Kåre Rodahl ( 17 August 1917 -- 10 July 2008 ) was a Norwegian physician and physiologist , a research fellow in Arctic physiology and medicine in the United States , and a professor at the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences .
Luis de la Cerda , 1st Marquis of Cogolludo ( in full , Spanish : Don Luis de la Cerda y Portugal , primer marqués de Cogolludo ) ( c. 1506 - -1536 ) was a Spanish nobleman .
Silas Blackman ( 1835 - -1926 ) , also described as Silas Blackmun , was a state representative for Minnesota 's 8th district serving Cottonwood and Watonwan counties .
Vimi ( died 22 August 1977 ) was a Bollywood actress who acted in indian films such as Hamraaz and Patanga .
Hugh Davis Graham ( 2 September 1936 -- 26 March 2002 ) was an American historian and sociologist .
Freddy Cousaert ( 1937 -- 19 August 1998 ) was a Belgian disc jockey , club owner and concert promoter , who was influential in developing an audience for authentic rhythm and blues music in Europe , and , in particular , for his role in the career of Marvin Gaye .
Walter Wilson Froggatt ( 13 June 1858 -- 18 March 1937 ) was an Australian economic entomologist .
Tibor Reich ATI , FSIA , FRSA ( 1 October , 1916 -- 3 February , 1996 ) was one of Britain 's pioneering post - war textile designers .
Kenneth Smales ( 15 September 1927 -- 10 March 2015 ) was an English former first - class cricketer , who played thirteen games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1948 to 1950 , and 148 matches for Nottinghamshire from 1951 to 1958 .
William G. Rohrer ( 1909 - 1989 ) was an American Republican Party politician , businessman and philanthropist who served as the Mayor of Haddon Township , New Jersey for 36 years .
Roger de Montbegon ( Roger de Mumbezon , Roger de Mont Begon ) ( died 1226 ) was a landowner in northern England ( especially or particularly Lancashire ) , Baron of Hornby , and one of the Magna Carta sureties .
Johannes Holt ( 12 November 1917 -- 11 January 2011 ) was a Norwegian resistance member , engineer and mountaineer .
Mona Barrie ( 18 December 1909 -- 27 June 1964 ) was an English actress in American theatre and films .
Mickey Patel ( 1941 - -1994 ) was an Indian cartoonist and illustrator OF books and magazines , as well as a painter and designer .
Marianne Wischmann ( 1921 - -2009 ) was a German film and television actress as well as a renowned voice actress .
Matthias Bartgis ( 1759 -- 1825 ) was a pioneer German - American printer in Western Maryland , Virginia , and Pennsylvania .
Elsa Buchanan ( 22 December 1908 -- 17 January 2004 ) was an English character actress with a brief career in theatre and film .
Mohammed Deif ( Arabic : محمّد ضيف ‎ ; born 1965 in Khan Younis ) , born Mohammed Diab Ibrahim al - Masri , serves as the chief commander of Izz ad - Din al - Qassam Brigades , the military wing of the organization Hamas .
Caughey Roberts ( August 25 , 1912 -- December 15 , 1990 ) was an American jazz alto sax player , best known for his time in the Count Basie Orchestra in the 1930s .
Sir John Jephson ( died 6 May 1638 ) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625 .
King Gogukcheon of Goguryeo ( died 197 , r. 179 - -197 ) was the ninth monarch of Goguryeo , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Horst Wende ( 5 November 1919 -- 23 January 1996 ) was a German bandleader , arranger and composer .
Li Renhan ( 李仁罕 ) ( died 934 ) , courtesy name Demei ( 德美 ) , was a major general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period Later Shu .
Jane Benham MBE ( 28 January 1943 , Colchester , Essex -- June 1992 , Colchester ) was instrumental in the formation and operation of the East Coast Sail Trust , a charitable institution devoted to both character building for young people through sail training , and preservation of Thames sailing barges .
Kshetrayya ( or Kshetragna ) ( c. 1600 - -1680 ) was a prolific Telugu poet and composer of Carnatic music .
Aleksander Kreek ( 21 July 1914 -- 19 August 1977 ) was an Estonian track and field athlete who specialised in the shot put .
Secundus of Non or Trent authored History of the Acts of the Langobards , up to 612 .
Alec B. Francis ( 2 December 1867 -- 6 July 1934 ) was an English actor , largely of the silent era .
Demir Vlonjati ( c. 1780 - 1845 ) born Demir Mystehaku and also known as Demir Aga Vlonjakasi was an Albanian folk singer , composer and poet .
Sir Richard St George ( c1550 - -1635 ) was a long - serving officer of arms at the College of Arms on London during the seventeenth century .
Alverdo Adair Geitgey Geitgey ( 1864 - -1932 ) was a Baker County , Florida landowner and developer who helped found Glen St. Mary .
Richard Handcock , 3rd Baron Castlemaine ( 17 November 1791 -- 4 July 1869 ) was an Irish peer and Tory politician .
Rudi M. Brewster ( May 8 , 1932 - September 7 , 2012 ) was a United States Federal Judge , best known for 2006 ruling in a patent infringements suit against Microsoft tied to the licensing of the MP3 format .
Eric Estorick ( 13 February 1913 -- 25 December 1993 ) was an American art collector , art dealer and author , who lived in London .
Joseph Birch ( 6 July 1904 -- 4 December 1980 ) , generally known as Joe Birch , was an English professional footballer who made more than 200 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham , Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic and Fulham .
Georges Augustus Gaston De Coppens ( 1836 - 1862 ) was a Confederate Lieutenant Colonel who was killed at the Battle of Antietam .
Michael Wohlfahrt ( 1687 - -1741 ) , aka Michael Welfare , was a religious leader who assisted Conrad Beissel in leading the Ephrata Community in Pennsylvania .
Dilys Grace Edmunds ( 1879 - -1926 ) , an early twentieth century teacher in India from a Welsh Calvinistic Methodist background , whose fund - raising work supported school building programmes in the Karimanj District of India .
Enayet Karim ( Bengali : এনায়েত করিম ) ( 1927 - -1974 ) was a Bangladeshi diplomat .
Louise Marie de La Grange d'Arquien ( 28 June 1638 -- 11 November 1728 ) was a French noblewoman , the elder sister of Marie Casimire Louise de La Grange d'Arquien , Queen of Poland .
Amos McLemore ( August 23 , 1823 -- October 5 , 1863 ) of Jones County , Mississippi , was a schoolteacher , Methodist Episcopal minister , merchant and Confederate States Army soldier .
Thomas Creswick RA ( 5 February 1811 -- 28 December 1869 ) was an English landscape painter and illustrator , and one of the best - known members of the Birmingham School of landscape painters .
William Melmoth Walters ( 1835 - 1925 ) was a former President of the Incorporated Law Society ( 1891 - 1892 ) and member of an old Somerset family .
Aharon - Ya'akov Greenberg ( Hebrew : אהרן - יעקב גרינברג‎ , born 15 March 1900 , died 2 April 1963 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1951 , and again from 1955 until his death in 1963 .
Gregorio Marzán ( 1906 - -1997 ) was a Puerto Rican self - taught artist in New York City .
John Horse ( c. 1812 - -1882 ) , also known as Juan Caballo , Juan Cavallo , John Cowaya ( with spelling variations ) and Gopher John , was of mixed ancestry ( African and Seminole Indian ) who fought alongside the Seminoles in the Second Seminole War in Florida .
Mrs Markham , the pseudonym of Elizabeth Penrose ( 3 August 1780 -- 24 January 1837 ) was an English writer .
Dionisio Arce ( 14 June 1927 in San Juan de Las Misiones -- 5 November 2000 ) is a former Paraguayan football player .
William Phylip ( c.1590 - 1670 ) was a Welsh poet and Royalist supporter .
Meena Shorey ( 1921 - -1989 ) was an Indian cinema and later Pakistani cinema actress , who worked in Hindi / Urdu and Punjabi films .
Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas ( 29 February 1952 -- 22 July 2012 ) was a Cuban political activist .
David Wolffsohn ( Yiddish : דוד וואלפסאן‎ ; Hebrew : דוד וולפסון‎ ; 9 October 1856 , Darbėnai ( Polish : Dorbiany ) , Kovno Governorate - 15 September 1914 ) was a Lithuanian - Jewish businessman , prominent early Zionist and second president of the Zionist Organization ( ZO ) .
Zbigniew Karkowski ( born 14 March 1958 -- 12 December 2013 ) was a Polish experimental musician and composer .
Jeff Crouch ( 7 August 1934 -- 5 August 1994 ) was a leading Australian rules football field umpire in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) in the 1960s , and 1970s .
Lobby Loyde ( born John Baslington Lyde , 18 May 1941 -- 21 April 2007 ) , also known as John Barrie Lyde or Barry Lyde , was an Australian rock music guitarist , songwriter and producer .
George Buchanan ( Scottish Gaelic : Seòras Bochanan ; February 1506 -- 28 September 1582 ) was a Scottish historian and humanist scholar .
Jacob Floris van Langren ( c. 1525 - 27 July 1610 ) was a Dutch cartographer and globe - maker who established a family dynasty of three generations in those professions .
Lovisa von Burghausen ( 1698 -- 20 January 1733 ) was a Swedish memoirist who became famous for her story about her time in captivity as a slave in Russia after being taken prisoner by the Russians during the Great Northern War .
David Cox ( 9 July 1809 -- 6 December 1885 ) , known as David Cox the Younger , David Cox II or David Cox Jr. to distinguish him from his better - known father David Cox , was an English painter in watercolour , mostly of landscapes .
Lemvo Jean Abou Bakar Depara , known as Depara ( 1928 - -1997 ) , was an Angolan - born photographer who worked in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Mrinalini Sarabhai ( 11 May 1918 -- 21 January 2016 ) was an Indian classical dancer , choreographer and instructor .
Rosemond Mountain or Rosemond Wilkinson ( died 3 July 1841 ) was a British actress .
Gil Jae or Kil Jae ( 1353 - -1419 ) was a Neo - Confucian scholar , politician , and writer of Korea 's Goryeo Dynasty and early Joseon Dynasty .
José Carlos Rodrigues ( 1844 - -1922 ) was a Brazilian journalist , financial expert , and philanthropist , with connections to both the United States and Great Britain .
Jukka Tapanimäki ( 11 August 1961 -- 1 May 2000 ) was a Finnish game programmer .
Raoul Paoli ( 24 November 1887 -- 23 March 1960 ) was a French athlete , boxer , rower and actor .
Newton Smith Fielding ( 1799 - -1856 ) , was an English painter and lithographer .
John Harris Browne ( 22 April 1817 -- 12 January 1904 ) , generally referred to as J. Harris Browne , was an explorer in Australia and a pioneer pastoralist .
Margareta Sofia Lagerqvist ( 1771 -- 6 June 1800 , in Norrköping ) was a noted Swedish opera singer and stage actress .
Sheikh Emad Effat ( c. 1959 -- 2011 ) was a senior Egyptian Sunni Islamic cleric at al - Azhar Mosque who was shot and killed during protest demonstrations 15 December 2011 .
Alice Jamieson ( 1860 - 1949 ) was an American Calgary , Alberta feminist and magistrate .
Cellach mac Máele Coba ( died 658 ) was an Irish king and is said to have been High King of Ireland .
Paul Waymond Caine ( 1891 -- 1931 ) was a founder of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity , Incorporated .
Alice Thomas Ellis ( born Anna Margaret Lindholm , 9 September 1932 -- 8 March 2005 ) was a British writer and essayist .
Pacificus Baker , O.F.M. ( 1695 - -1774 ) , was an English Minorite friar and noted Catholic spiritual writer of the 18th century .
Hagbarth Schjøtt , Jr. ( 25 February 1920 -- 2001 ) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II and later businessperson .
Blessed Jordan of Pisa ( or Giordano da Pisa ) ( c. 1255 -- 19 August 1311 ) was a Dominican theologian and preacher , the first whose vernacular Italian sermons are preserved .
Zha Fuxi ( Chinese : 查阜西 ; 1895 - -1976 ) , also known as Zha Yiping ( 查夷平 ) was a leading player and scholar of the guqin .
John Darcy , 1st Baron Darcy de Knayth ( c. 1290 -- 30 May 1347 ) was an English peer .
Lawrence Stenhouse ( 29 March 1926 - 1982 ) was a British educational thinker who sought to promote an active role for teachers in educational research and curriculum development .
Mieczysław Dziemieszkiewicz , ps . Rój ( 25 January 1925 -- 14 April 1951 ) --
Henry Clay Fry ( 1840 -- 1929 ) was an American entrepreneur in the glass industry in the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century .
Jack Deas ( 5 November 1875 -- 23 August 1949 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne , Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Andreas Laskaratos ( Greek : Ανδρέας Λασκαράτος ; 1 May 1811 -- 23/24 July 1901 ) was a satirical poet and writer from the Ionian island of Cefalonia ( or Kefallinia ) , representative of the Heptanese School ( literature ) .
Peter Dale Wimbrow , usually known as Dale Wimbrow , ( June 6 , 1895 -- 1954 ) was an American composer , radio artist and writer .
Sir Piers Crosby ( 1590 - 1646 ) was an Irish soldier and politician .
Mary Ann Lawrenson , née Molyneux ( 1850 - 1943 ) was an English activist in the co - operative movement .
William Sotwell ( 1571 - -1639 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1624 .
Matthew Nicholas ( 1594 - -1661 ) was an English Dean of St. Paul 's Cathedral , London .
August Enna ( 13 May 1859 -- 3 August 1939 ) was a Danish composer , known mainly for his operas .
Alexander Leeper ( 3 June 1848 -- 6 August 1934 ) , was an Australian educationist .
Marjorie Fleming ( also spelt Marjory ; 15 January 1803 -- 19 December 1811 ) was a Scottish child writer and poet .
General Joseph Yorke , 1st Baron Dover KB , PC ( 24 June 1724 -- 2 December 1792 ) , styled The Honourable Joseph Yorke until 1761 and The Honourable Sir Joseph Yorke between 1761 and 1788 , was a British soldier , diplomat and Whig politician .
Linus Parker ( 23 April 1829 -- 5 March 1885 ) was a Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church , South , elected in 1882 .
Carl Gustaf Ekman ( 6 October 1872 -- 15 June 1945 ) was a Swedish politician , Member of Parliament 1911 - 1932 ( both lower and upper houses ) , leader of the Freeminded People 's Party 1924 - 1932 and Prime Minister from 1926 to 1928 and again from 1930 to 1932 .
Gundemar was a Visigothic King of Hispania , Septimania and Galicia ( 610 - -612 ) .
John William Foster ( 1745 -- January 1809 ) , of Rosy Park , was an Anglo - Irish volunteer and politician .
Kurt Blasberg ( 14 July 1902 -- 15 December 1967 ) was a German naval officer and group leader in the 36 .
Dr. Gad Rausing ( 19 May 1922 -- 28 January 2000 ) was a Swedish industrialist and archaeologist .
George Littlewood ( 1859 - -1912 ) was a professional pedestrian .
Sir Henry Dymoke , 1st Baronet ( 1801 -- 28 April 1865 ) , was a British landowner and the hereditary King 's Champion .
Gistemar , Ghislemar , or Gilmer ( died 684 ) was briefly the mayor of the palace in Neustria and Burgundy after deposing his father Waratton in 682 .
Harriet Slater CBE ( née Evans ; 1903 -- 12 October 1976 ) was a British Labour and Co - operative politician .
General Sir William Erskine Baker KCB ( 29 November 1808 -- 16 December 1881 ) was a senior British Indian Army officer who went on to be Military Secretary to the India Office .
Lars Larsson Eldstierna ( originally Eld ) ( c. 1623 - -1701 ) was a Swedish landshövding ( governor ) and the founder of the noble family of Eldstierna .
Philipp Schall von Bell ( died 1560 ) was the commander - in - chief ( Landmarschall ) of the Livonian Order forces during the first two years of the Livonian War ( 1558 - -1583 ) .
Harry Toole ( 7 September 1897 -- 13 August 1958 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Wayne Crouse ( 16 December 1924 - 19 May 2000 ) was the viola professor emeritus at the University of Oklahoma and principal violist of the Oklahoma City Philharmonic from 1982 until his death from cancer at the age of 75 .
Simon Lowth ( 1636 - -1720 ) was an English nonjuring clergyman , nominated by James II as Dean of Rochester , and later a controversialist on the position of bishops .
Anton Anderson ( 1892 - -1960 ) was chief engineer of the Alaska Railroad and served as Mayor of Anchorage , Alaska from 1956 to 1958 .
Henry Gough - Calthorpe , 1st Baron Calthorpe ( 1 January 1749 -- 16 March 1798 ) , known until 1796 as Sir Henry Gough , 2nd Baronet , was a British politician .
Robert Ransome ( 1753 -- 7 March 1830 ) was an English maker of agricultural implements .
Reccared II ( in Spanish , Galician and Portuguese , Recaredo ) , ( ? -- 16 April 621 ) was Visigothic King of Hispania , Septimania and Galicia briefly in 621 .
Pierre Lalouette de Vernicourt ( 1711 - 1792 ) was a distinguished French anatomist .
Fatma Aliye Topuz ( 9 October 1862 -- 13 July 1936 ) , often known simply as Fatma Aliye or Fatma Aliye Hanım , was a Turkish novelist , columnist , essayist , women 's rights activist and humanitarian .
Weng Wenhao ( simplified Chinese : 翁文灏 ; traditional Chinese : 翁文灝 ; pinyin : Wēng Wénhào ; 1889 -- 27 January 1971 ) was a Chinese geologist , educator , and paramount politician .
Captain Samuel Brady ( 1756 - -1795 ) was a frontier scout , notorious Indian fighter , and the subject of many legends , in the history of western Pennsylvania and northeastern Ohio .
John Hesselius ( 1728 - -1778 ) was a portraitist who worked mostly in Virginia and Maryland .
Colonel Shafaat Jamil ( Bengali : শাফায়াত জামিল ) , Bir Bikram ( 1 March 1940 - 11 August 2012 ) a career Bangladesh Army officer , was Commanding Officer of the 3rd East Bengal Regiment of Z Force Brigade in Sector 11 of Bangladesh Forces during the War of Bangladesh Independence in 1971 .
Michael Rabbet ( or Rabbett ) ( c. 1562 -- 5 February 1630 ) was an English clergyman and translator of the Authorised King James Version of the Bible .
Abraham Stupp ( Hebrew : אברהם סטופ‎ , 1897 -- 26 September 1968 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955 .
Enrico Lorenzetti ( 4 January 1911 -- 8 August 1989 ) was an Italian professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer who competed in the 1940s and 1950s .
Paweł Działyński ( Latin : Paulus Dzialinski ; born 1560 -- died 1609 ) of Ogończyk coat of arms , was a Polish courtier , royal secretary , ambassador and governor of Bobrowniki and Radziejów .
Nathaniel Wheeler ( b. Watertown , Litchfield county . , Connecticut , Sept. 7 , 1820 ; d. Bridgeport , Dec. 31 . 1893 ) was an American manufacturer and legislator .
Professor Frederick William Shotton FRS ( 1906 - -1990 ) was a British geologist .
Tiziano Pagan De Paganis ( Verona , 1858 -- Bologna , 1932 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes and genre subjects .
Philipp Foltz ( 11 May 1805 -- 5 August 1877 ) was a German historical painter , born at Bingen .
Achille Brocot ( pronounced `` broco '' ) ( 11 July 1817 -- 19 January 1878 ) was a French clockmaker and amateur mathematician .
Henry Joseph Grayson ( 9 May 1856 -- 21 March 1918 ) was a British - born Australian nurseryman and scientist , best known as the designer of a machine for ruling diffraction gratings .
Yisrael Guri ( Hebrew : ישראל גורי‎ , born Yisrael Gurfinkel in 1893 , died 17 September 1965 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1965 .
Hippolyte Lippens ( 16 October 1847 -- 31 December 1906 ) was a lawyer , manager of sugar factories and a Belgian liberal politician .
Alonso de Reinoso ( or Reynoso ) ( 1518 - -1567 ) was a Spanish Conquistador in Honduras , Mexico , Peru and Chile .
George Sava ( 1903 - -1996 ) was a British surgeon and prolific writer of Russian origin .
James McLaren Henderson ( 1 May 1907 -- 5 March 2009 ) , better known as Mac Henderson was a Scottish international rugby union player and businessman , founding one of Edinburgh 's most famous restaurants , Henderson 's .
Kreeta Haapasalo , or Kantele - Kreeta ( 13 November 1813 - 29 March 1893 ) , was a Finnish kantele - player , singer and folk musician .
Michael Clemente ( August 29 , 1908 -- December 1987 ) , also known as `` Mike Costello '' and `` Big Mike '' , was a New York mobster with the Genovese crime family who became a major force in controlling the East River waterfront of Manhattan from the 1950s to 1979 .
Bjørn Gunnar Olsen ( 1942 -- 1992 ) was a Norwegian journalist , novelist , playwright and biographer .
Captain Gallagher ( died 1818 ) was an Irish highwayman who , as one of the later Irish Rapparees ( guerrillas ) , led a bandit group in the hills of the Irish countryside , armed with a blunderbuss , of the day , during the late 18th and early 19th century .
Edward Frederick Sanderson ( 1874 - -1955 ) was a Congregational minister who served in Beverly , Massachusetts , Central Congregational Church in Providence , Rhode Island and at Plymouth Church of the Pilgrims in Brooklyn Heights , New York .
Christine Marion Fraser ( 24 March 1938 -- 22 November 2002 ) was a Scottish author of popular fiction .
Joe Avezzano ( 17 November 1943 -- 5 April 2012 ) was an American football player and coach .
Máirtín Ó Cadhain ( ( ˈmɑːrtʲiːnʲ oː ˈkainʲ ) ; 1906 -- 18 October 1970 ) was one of the most prominent Irish language writers of the twentieth century .
Grand Ayatollah Mirza Mohsen Koochebaghi Tabrizi ( 9 January 1924 -- 3 August 2011 ) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja .
Per Olof Arne Palmqvist , born 28 May 1921 in Brunflo , Jämtland , died 15 January 2003 in Uppsala .
Stanhope Aspinwall ( born 5 July 1713 in Liverpool , England and died on 17 January 1771 ) was a British diplomat .
Ta'isi Olaf Frederick Nelson , ( 24 February 1883 - 28 February 1944 ) , also known as Ta'isi O. F. Nelson , was a successful businessman and one of the founding leaders of the Mau movement for Samoan independence from colonial rule .
Hugh Curwen ( died 1 November 1568 ) was an English ecclesiastic and statesman .
Sir Herbert Ashcombe Walker , KCB ( 15 May 1868 -- 29 September 1949 ) was a British railway manager .
Fred Cairns ( 1857 Scotland -- 1 April 1896 , Johannesburg , South Africa ) was a well - known British comedian and music hall artist of the Victorian age .
Christina Nilsdotter ( died 1399 ) was a Swedish singer and song teacher .
Leandro Gallerano ( fl . 1615 - 1632 ) was an Italian composer .
Neville Waller ( 17 September 1932 -- 10 January 1998 ) was an Australian rules footballer , who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Salih Gjuka ( 1876 - 1925 ) was an Albanian teacher and activist of the Albanian National Awakening .
Sadettin Heper ( 1899 - -1980 ) was a composer of Turkish music considered as an important link to the world of Turkish Mevlevi music before the foundation of the Turkish Republic in 1923 .
Charles Rattray Smith M.A. ( Aberdeen ) died at his residence `` Tremenheere '' , 16 McClelland Street , Willoughby on 10 June 1941 aged 81 years .
Licerio Gerónimo ( August 27 , 1855 - -January 16 , 1924 ) was a general of the Philippine Revolutionary Forces under Emilio Aguinaldo .
Juana Galán ( 1787 - -1812 ) , nicknamed La Galana , was a guerrilla fighter of the Peninsular War ( 1808 - -1814 ) who took to the street to fight against the French cavalry that tried to pass through the town of Valdepeñas .
Toros Toramanian ( Armenian : Թորոս Թորամանեան ; 1864 -- March 1 , 1934 ) was a prominent Armenian architect and architectural historian .
Sir John Lloyd , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1617 -- 1 January 1664 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660 .
Georges Chanot III ( 11 January 1831 - -11 March 1895 ) was a French luthier ( or violin - maker ) who ran a successful business in London in the late 19th - century .
John Bryn Roberts ( 8 January 1843 -- 14 April 1931 ) was a Welsh lawyer , later a judge and Liberal politician .
Dominick Dubh Lynch , died 14 August 1508 , second Mayor of Galway .
Francis Dalzell Finlay ( 1793 - -1857 ) , was an Irish journalist .
Colonel Frederick R. De Funiak , formerly superintendent of machinery for the Louisville & Nashville , died at his residence in Louisville , Kentucky , on March 29 , 1905 at age 65 .
Adolph von Morlot ( also : Charles Adolph de Morlot ; see Note 1 ) ( 5 April 1820 - 10 February 1867 ) was a scientist who specialized in geology and later in archaeology .
Marcello Siniscalco ( 31 July 1924 -- 29 November 2013 ) was an Italian scientist at the forefront of the development of the nascent field of genetics .
Sir John Glanville the younger ( 1586 - -2 October 1661 ) , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1644 .
Gareth Hoskins OBE ( 15 April 1967 -- 9 January 2016 ) was a Scottish architect .
Abraham Kenneth Snowman CBE FSA ( 26 July 1919 -- 9 July 2002 ) was a British jeweller , painter and chairman of Wartski .
Greville Phillimore ( 1821 - 1884 ) was a priest of the Church of England and hymnal compiler .
Preben von Ahnen ( 18 September 1606 -- 15 November 1675 ) was a German - born civil servant and landowner in Norway .
Robert Clutterbuck ( 1772 - -1831 ) was an English antiquary and topographer .
Valerio Belli ( c. 1468 -- 1546 ) , also known as Valerio Vicentino , was a celebrated medallist and gem engraver , who with Giovanni Bernardi , who was twenty years younger , was the leading specialist in intaglios engraved in rock crystal , a difficult luxury form which Belli pioneered .
Gentile Virginio Orsini ( c. 1434 -- 8 January 1497 ) was an Italian condottiero and vassal of the papal throne and the Kingdom of Naples , mainly remembered as the powerful head of the Orsini family during its feud with Pope Alexander VI ( Rodrigo Borgia ) .
Surgeon General George Bidie CIE ( 3 April 1830 -- 19 February 1913 ) was a British physician who worked in India in the Madras Medical Service .
Frederik Carl Gram Schrøder ( 19 July 1866 -- 13 August 1936 ) , usually referred to as F.C.G. Schrøder and also known as Fritz Schrøder was a Danish civil servant , Governor of Danmarks Nationalbank from 1925 and until his death .
Pier Francesco Garoli or Caroli ( 1638 - -1716 ) was an Italian painter , active in painting
William Keith Relf ( 22 March 1943 -- 14 May 1976 ) was an English musician , best known as the lead vocalist and harmonica player for The Yardbirds .
Johan Fridolf Hagfors ( 11 March 1857 - -18 August 1931 ) was a Swedish newspaper publisher , music critic and composer , most known for having composed the two songs Modersmålets sång ( The mother tongue 's song ) and Ålänningens sång ( Song of the Ålender ) .
Val Duncan ( 4 May 1884 -- 20 May 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Umar Bakkalcha ( 1953 ? - 1980 ) was one of the early Oromo nationalists and martyrs well - remembered in the Chercher highlands of Harerghe especially for the heroic speeches he made at his death spot .
Sir Marmaduke Roydon ( also Rawdon and Rawden , with Royden a contemporary spelling ) ( 1583 -- 1646 ) was an English merchant - adventurer and colonial planter , known also as a Royalist army officer .
Saints Chrysanthus and Daria ( 3rd century -- c. 283 ) are saints of the Early Christian period .
Basil Hansen ( 7 October 1926 -- 2 January 2015 ) was an Australian ice hockey player .
Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru , KCSI , PC ( Kashmiri : तेज बहादुर सप्रू ( Devanagari ) , تیج بہادر سپرو ( Nastaleeq ) ) ( 8 December 1875 -- 20 January 1949 ) was an Indian lawyer and politician .
Grigory Mairanovsky ( 1899 , Batumi -- 1964 ) was a Soviet biochemist and poison developer .
Ryszard Bakst ( 4 April 1926 -- 25 March 1999 ) was a Polish pianist and distinguished piano teacher .
Thomy Lafon ( 1810 - 1893 ) was a Creole businessman , philanthropist and human rights activist in New Orleans , Louisiana , USA .
Rambo Rajkumar , born Rajkumar ( 21 October 1956 -- 26 April 2009 ) , was an Indian fight master / action choreographer .
Ralph Thoresby ( 16 August 1658 -- 16 October 1725 ) was an antiquarian , who was born in Leeds and is widely credited with being the first historian of that city .
Vasant Chavan ( 1942 - 11 July 2006 ) was a member of Rajya Sabha from Maharashtra state during the terms 25 April 2005 to 2 April 2006 as Nationalist Congress Party candidate , in bye - elections unopposed after the resignation of then Shiv Sena Rajya Sabha member Sanjay Nirupam .
Manuel Alcón ( died 1962 ) was an Argentine film actor and musician of the classic era .
Zakhary Chepiha ( Ukrainian : Чепіга Харитон Олексійович ) , also known as Kharyton ( Kharko ) Chepiga ( Russian : Захарий Алексеевич Чепега)(1725 - 14 January 1797 ) was , after Sydir Bily , the second Kosh ataman of the Black Sea Cossack Host .
Alessandro Poglietti ( early 17th century -- July 1683 ) was a Baroque organist and composer of unknown origin .
Stanko Prek ( 1915 , Solkan near Nova Gorica -- 1999 , Ljubljana ) was a classical guitarist and composer from Slovenia .
Jovan Maleševac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Малешевац ; fl . 1524 - -1562 ) was a Serbian Orthodox monk and scribe who collaborated in 1561 with the Slovene Protestant reformer Primož Trubar to print religious books in Cyrillic .
Ernest Sloman was the Dean of St George 's Cathedral , Georgetown , Guyana from 1910 until his death in 1918 .
Daniel Brevint or Brevin ( baptised 11 May 1616 -- 5 May 1695 ) was Dean of Lincoln from 1682 to 1695 .
Shah Mohammad ( 1780 - -1862 ) ( Punjabi : ਸ਼ਾਹ ਮੁਹੰਮਦ/شاہ محمّد ) was a Punjabi poet who lived during the reign of Maharaja Ranjit Singh and is best known for Jangnama which depicts the First Anglo - Sikh War that took place after the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh .
Jacobus Clemens non Papa ( also Jacques Clément or Jacob Clemens non Papa ) ( c. 1510 to 1515 -- 1555 or 1556 ) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance based for most of his life in Flanders .
Sir Edwin Pears ( 18 March 1835 -- 27 November 1919 ) was a British barrister , author and historian .
Lewis Gordon , 3rd Marquess of Huntly ( c. 1626 - -1653 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
John of Tours or John de Villula ( died 1122 ) was a medieval Bishop of Wells in England who moved the diocese seat to Bath .
Madhava Ashish ( 1920 - -1997 ) was a Scottish born naturalized Indian spiritualist , mystic , writer and agriculturist , known for his services to Indian agriculture .
Allan Segal ( 16 April 1941 -- 8 February 2012 ) was a BAFTA - winning documentary film maker .
Maharaja Shri Immadi Chikka Krishnaraja Wadiyar II ( Kannada : ಇಮ್ಮಡಿ ಕೃಷ್ಣರಾಜ ಒಡೆಯರ್ , -- 25 April 1766 ) , was also known popularly as Immadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar II . He was the titular ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore from 1734 to 1766 .
Jakub Ostroróg ( c. 1516 - 1568 ) was a prominent 16th - century Polish magnate and politician from Poznań .
Iskandar Thani Alauddin Mughayat Syah ( 1610 - 15 February 1641 ) was the thirteenth sultan of Aceh , following the powerful Iskandar Muda .
Alexandr Innokentevich Tolmatchew , also transliterated Tolmachev ( Russian : Александр Иннокентьевич Толмачёв , 21 September 1903 , St. Petersburg 16 November 1979 , Leningrad ) was a twentieth century Russian and Soviet botanist and phytogeographer who was a leading expert in the flora of Russia 's Arctic .
Jan Michał Rozwadowski ( 7 December 1867 -- 13 March 1935 ) was a Polish linguist and a professor at the Jagiellonian University .
Imperial Iranian General Samad Samadianpour ( 1919 - 1982 ) was the Chief of Police of Iran during Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi 's reign .
Rick Lomba ( 1950 - -1994 ) was a South African documentary filmmaker , environmentalist and Carte Blanche cameraman .
Ivo Kolin ( 1924 , Zagreb - 2007 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian economist , engineer and inventor .
Hugh Quincy Alexander ( 7 August 1911 -- 17 September 1989 ) was a Democratic U.S. Representative from North Carolina between 1953 and 1963 .
Robert Sidaway ( 14 January 1758 -- 13 October 1809 ) , a convict of the First Fleet , was transported to Australia for stealing in 1788 .
François Sébastien Charles Joseph de Croix , Count of Clerfayt ( 14 October 1733 -- 21 July 1798 ) , a Walloon , joined the army of the Habsburg Monarchy and soon fought in the Seven Years ' War .
Ichadon ( 501 - -527 ) , also known as Geochadon ( 거차돈 ) or by his courtesy name Yeomchok ( 염촉 ) or Yeomdo , was a Buddhist monk and advisor to the Silla king Beopheung .
Nicholas Barnewall , 3rd Viscount Barnewall ( 15 April 1668 -- 14 June 1725 ) was an Irish nobleman .
Sinmu of Silla ( r. 839 , died 839 ) ( born Ujing ) was the 45th monarch of the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Soyen Shaku died peacefully on 29 October 1919 in Kamakura .
Leslie Lloyd Rees ( properly surnamed Lloyd - Rees , but sometimes called Rees ; 14 April 1919 - 4 July 2013 ) was variously Honorary Chaplain to the Queen , Chaplain - General of Prisons and Anglican Bishop of Shrewsbury .
Michel - Joseph Gebauer ( 1763 -- December 1812 ) was a French oboist , violinist , viol player , bandmaster , and composer .
Peter Levathes ( 28 July 1911 - 9 January 2002 ) was an American film and advertising executive , best known for briefly running 20th Century Fox .
Arthur J. Lamb ( 12 August 1870 -- 10 August 1928 ) was a British lyricist best known for the 1897 song `` Asleep in the Deep '' and the 1900 song `` A Bird in a Gilded Cage '' .
Sir Christopher Hatton KG ( 1540 -- 20 November 1591 ) was an English politician , Lord Chancellor of England and a favourite of Elizabeth I of England .
Egide Fologne ( 1830 - 1919 ) was a Belgian entomologist who specialised in microlepidoptera .
John Dallachy ( c. 1808 -- 4 June 1871 ) was a curator of Melbourne Botanic Gardens and a plant collector .
Yosef Sprinzak ( Hebrew : יוסף שפרינצק‎ ; 8 December 1885 -- 28 January 1959 ) was a leading Zionist activist in the first half of the 20th century , an Israeli politician , and the first Speaker of the Knesset , a role he held from 1949 until his death in 1959 .
Victor Engström ( 25 April 1989 -- 1 July 2013 ) was a Swedish bandy player who played for Västerås SK as a midfielder or forward .
Des Raj Goyal ( 1929 - 2013 ) , also known as Desraj Goyal or D. R. Goyal , is an Indian journalist , academic and a well - known author of books on secularism and communalism .
Kenneth Lee Spencer ( 25 April 1913 - 25 February 1964 ) , usually known as Kenneth Spencer , was an African - American opera singer and actor .
W. Maynard Sparks ( 16 December 1906 -- 17 August 1999 ) was an American Bishop of the Evangelical United Brethren Church ( E.U.B. ) and of the United Methodist Church , elected in 1958 .
Arthur Bartlett Maurice ( 1873 - -1946 ) was an American editor , born in Rahway , New Jersey , and educated at Richmond College ( VA ) , and at Princeton .
Wu Fuheng ( Chinese : 吴富恒 ; Pinyin : Wú Fùhéng ; 1911 - -2001 ) was the president of Shandong University from December 1979 to June 1984 .
Alick Grant ( 11 August 1916 -- 2008 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aldershot , Leicester City , Derby County , Newport County , York City .
Shalini Moghe ( 1914 - 2011 ) was an Indian educationist , social worker and the founder of Kasturba Kanya School for tribal children and Bal Niketan Sangh , the first Montessori school in the state of Madhya Pradesh .
Air Marshal Sir John Frederick Andrews Higgins KCB , KBE , DSO , AFC , RAF ( 1 September 1875 -- 1 June 1948 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Flying Corps , serving as a brigade commander from 1915 to 1918 .
Somerset Lowry - Corry , 2nd Earl Belmore ( 11 July 1774 -- 18 April 1841 ) , styled The Honourable from 1781 to 1797 and then known as Viscount Corry to 1802 , was an Irish nobleman and politician .
Lin Shihong ( 林士弘 ) ( died 622 ) was an agrarian leader who rose against the rule of the Chinese Sui Dynasty near the end of Emperor Yang 's reign .
Thomas Osborne , 1st Duke of Leeds , KG ( 20 February 1632 -- 26 July 1712 ) , English statesman ( commonly known as Lord Danby and ( Marquess of ) Carmarthen when he was a prominent political figure ) , served in a variety of offices under Kings Charles II and William III of England .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Leslie Norman Hollinghurst GBE KCB DFC ( 2 January 1895 -- 8 June 1971 ) , was a British First World War Flying Ace who later became an Air Chief Marshal in the RAF .
Ödön Beniczky de Benice et Micsinye ( 12 February 1878 -- 20 January 1931 ) was a Hungarian legitimist politician , who served as Interior Minister between 1919 and 1920 .
Akinpelu Oludele Adesola ( November 1927-May 2010 ) was a Nigerian professor of Surgery , educational administrator and former Vice chancellor of the University of Lagos .
Leo Mishkin ( January 22 , 1907 - December 27 , 1980 ) was a well - known American film , theater , and television critic of the mid-20th century .
Marcello Viotti ( 29 June 1954 -- 16 February 2005 ) was a Swiss classical music conductor , best known for opera .
Lemma Barkaloo ( 1840 - -1870 , aka Lemma Barkeloo ) was the first woman in America to attend law school .
Guy Innes ( 1879 - -1953 ) was an Australian journalist who was the editor of The Herald newspaper in Melbourne between 1918 and 1921 .
Cor Melchers ( 1954 -- 15 September 2015 ) was a Dutch painter .
Tô Ngọc Vân ( 15 December 1906 or 1908 - -17 June 1954 ) , also known as Tô Tử , was a Vietnamese painter .
Badr al - Din Lu'lu ' ( Arabic : بدر الدين لؤلؤ‎ ) ( died 1259 ) was successor to the Zangid rulers of Mosul , where he governed in variety of capacities for half a century .
Mr. Willem Frederik Ewald Marggraff ( 9 June 1923 , Vught -- 7 December 2003 , Vught ) was a controversial wealthy son of a famous family of Dutch nobility .
Buddhaghosa Mahasthavir ( Devanagari : बुद्धघोष महास्थविर ) ( born Sapta Ratna Vajracharya ) ( 12 October 1921 - 24 September 2011 ) was a Nepalese Buddhist monk who worked to revive Theravada Buddhism in Nepal in the 1940s in the face of suppression by the Rana regime .
William David Davies , often known as W. D. P. Davies , ( 18 January 1897 -- 7 July 1969 ) was a Welsh Presbyterian minister and writer on theological topics .
Robertson Buchanan ( 1770 - -1816 ) was a Scottish civil engineer from Glasgow .
Jaime de la Té y Sagau ( Barcelona , 1684 - Lisbon , 1736 ) was a Spanish composer active at the court of King Joao V in Lisbon .
William Pattenden ( born 31 October 1747 at East Peckham , Kent ; died 1817 at Hadlow and buried 2 April 1817 at East Peckham ) was an English professional cricketer who played for Kent .
Major Alfred Whitmore ( 1876 - -1946 ) was an English pathologist who , together with C.S. Krishnaswami , identified Burkholderia pseudomallei , the causative agent of melioidosis ( also known as `` Whitmore 's disease '' ) in opium addicts in Rangoon in 1911 .
Johann Daniel Mylius ( ca . 1583 -- 1642 ) was a composer for the lute , and writer on alchemy .
Eric Palante ( 21 January 1963 -- c. 9 January 2014 ) was a Belgian motorcycle off - road rally racer .
Augustine Phillips ( died May 1605 ) was an Elizabethan actor who performed in troupes with Edward Alleyn and William Shakespeare .
Nicholas III , Lord of Mecklenburg ( after 1230 -- 8 June 1289 or 1290 ) was from 1264 to 1289 Lord of Mecklenburg .
Sam Gravenall ( 18 July 1885 -- 8 March 1948 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Solomon Golub ( Latvia , 27 February 1887 - Bronx , New York , 18 June 1952 ) was a Russian - born , naturalized American , song composer .
The Very Reverend Philip Ruh , O.M.I. ( born Philip Roux ; 6 August 1883 -- 24 October 1962 ) was Catholic priest and church architect .
Walter Lax ( 22 March 1912 -- q2 1967 ) was an English footballer who scored 16 goals from 98 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City , Blackpool and York City .
Colin Ward ( 14 August 1924 -- 11 February 2010 ) was a British anarchist writer .
Orley May ( February 16 , 1897 - January 1968 ) was an American detective in Cleveland , Ohio in the 1930s .
Alexander Bruce , 2nd Earl of Kincardine FRS ( 1629 - -1681 ) was a Scottish inventor , politician , judge and freemason , responsible for developing the pendulum clock , in collaboration with Christiaan Huygens .
Aefgen Listincx , or Aeff Pietersdochter ( died 20 August 1538 ) , was a Dutch anabaptist and prophet .
Eric the Victorious ( Old Norse : Eiríkr inn sigrsæli , Modern Swedish : Erik Segersäll ) ( 945 ? -- c. 995 ) was the first Swedish king ( c. 970 - -995 ) about whom anything definite is known .
Jean O'Hara ( 1913 -- 1973 ) was a famed prostitute in Honolulu 's `` vice district '' during World War II . Born Betty Jean O'Hara in Chicago , Illinois , she was the only child of strict Catholic parents .
John Cooper Wiley ( September 26 , 1893-February 3 , 1967 ) was a United States Foreign Service officer and ambassador .
Ramón Quián ( died May 26 , 2006 ) , better known as Monguito `` El Único '' , was a Cuban vocalist , bandleader , producer and composer .
George Foster Pierce ( 1811 - -1884 ) was an American bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church , South elected in 1854 .
Syd Dyer ( 25 May 1916 -- 7 April 1976 ) , also referred to as Sid Dyer , was an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sarah Killgore Wertman , née Sarah Killgore ( 1 March 1843 , Clinton County , Missouri - 21 May 1935 , Seattle ) was an American lawyer .
Bhanubhakta Acharya ( Nepali : भानुभक्त आचार्य ; 1814 -- 1868 ) was a Nepalese poet who translated the great epic Ramayana from Sanskrit to Nepali language .
Che Kam Kong ( died in 1871 ) , also known as Chea Kunkong , was a Chinese Protestant Christian who was killed because of his beliefs in China .
Ada Patterson ( 5 July 1867 -- 26 June 1939 ) was an American print journalist .
Thomas Ulick Burke ( 1826 - 1867 ) was a well - known figure in gold - rush Victoria , Australia , famous as the victim of the `` Break O ' Day '' aka `` Scarsdale '' aka `` Piggoreet '' murder .
Paul Joseph Constantin Gabriël or Paul Gabriël ( 5 July 1828 -- 23 August 1903 ) was a painter , draftsman , watercolorist , and etcher who belonged to the Hague School .
Pekka Erkki Juhani Tammilehto ( 27 October 1952 -- 13 August 2011 ) , better known by his stage name Topi Sorsakoski , was a Finnish singer .
George H. Chirgwin ( 14 December 1854 - - 17 November 1922 ) was a British music hall star billed as `` the White - Eyed Kaffir '' , a black face minstrel act .
John Tayloe I ( 15 February 1688 -- November 1747 ) was one of the richest plantation owners and businessmen in Virginia for his generation .
Henrietta Shore ( January 22 , 1880 -- 1963 ) was a Canadian - born artist who lived a large part of her life in the United States , most notably California .
Joseph Whiteside ( 4 August 1906 -- October 1990 ) was an English competition swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics , and England in the British Empire Games , during the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Zhao Deyin ( 趙德諲 ) ( died 892 ) , formally the Prince of Huai'an ( 淮安王 ) , was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , who initially served as a general under the pretender emperor Qin Zongquan .
Glenda Reiser , ( 16 June 1955 -- 6 January 2008 ) was a Canadian middle - distance runner .
Richard Courtney died on Saltspring Island , British Columbia on 16 August 1997 .
Eric Edgar Cooke ( 25 February 1931 -- 26 October 1964 ) , nicknamed the `` Night Caller '' , was an Australian serial killer .
Colin Welland ( 4 July 1934 -- 2 November 2015 ) , born Colin Edward Williams , was a British actor and screenwriter .
Gad Frederik Clement , generally known as G. F. Clement ( 1867 - -1933 ) , was a Danish painter .
Arthur Beardmore ( died 1771 ) was an English lawyer and a friend of John Wilkes .
Frans Mostaert ( 1528 - -1560 ) was a Flemish Renaissance painter specializing in landscape paintings .
Madge Tennent ( 22 June 1889 -- 5 February 1972 ) was a naturalized American artist , born in England , raised in South Africa , and trained in both France and Australia .
Archibald Montgomerie , 11th Earl of Eglinton ( 18 May 1726 -- 30 October 1796 ) was a Scottish General , and Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the British Parliament .
Vince Griffiths ( 29 May 1901 -- 7 January 1967 ) was a Welsh rugby union player who represented Wales and the British Lions .
Gedong Bagus Oka ( October 3 , 1921 -- November 14 , 2002 ) was a Hindu reformer and philosopher in Indonesia .
Lieutenant - General John Cutts , 1st Baron Cutts PC ( Ire ) ( 1661 -- 25 January 1707 ) , British soldier and author , came from an Essex family .
Harvey Lowe ( 30 October 1918 -- 11 March 2009 ) was a Canadian radio presenter and world yo - yo champion .
Henry Cecil Leon ( 19 September 1902 -- 23 May 1976 ) , who wrote under the pen - names Henry Cecil and Clifford Maxwell , was a judge and a writer of fiction about the British legal system .
Neville Blyth ( March 1825 -- 15 February 1890 ) was a South Australian colonial politician .
Bradford Torrey ( 9 October 1843 in Weymouth , Massachusetts -- 7 October 1912 ) was a United States ornithologist .
Father Charles Roger Tennant ( Tasmania , 8 April 1919 - 30 June 2003 ) was an Anglican Priest , biographer of Joseph Conrad , and historian of Korea .
Samuel Kaylin ( 18 January 1892 -- 7 July 1983 ) was a film composer who scored Charlie Chan and Mr. Moto movies for 20th Century Fox .
Walter Van Dyke ( 1823 - -1905 ) was a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge and a justice of the California Supreme Court in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Gerry Livingston continued as the honorary chairman until his death in 1988 .
Boris Christoff ( Bulgarian : Борис Кирилов Христов , official transliteration Boris Kirilov Hristov pronounced ( ˈbɔris ˈkirilɔf ˈxristɔf ) ; 18 May 1914 -- 28 June 1993 ) was a Bulgarian opera singer , widely considered to have been one of the greatest basses of the 20th century .
Michael Glawogger ( 3 December 1959 -- 23 April 2014 ) was an Austrian film director , screenwriter and cinematographer .
William Goldwyer ( August 1829 - -13 November 1864 ) was a police officer and explorer in colonial Western Australia .
William Ewart Hart ( 20 April 1885 - 29 July 1943 ) was an Australian aviator and dentist .
Merle Oberon ( born Estelle Merle O'Brien Thompson , 19 February 1911 -- 23 November 1979 ) was an Anglo - Indian actress .
Sir Edward Smith , 1st Baronet ( c.1630 - 6 September 1707 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1653 .
Zha Jizuo ( 1601 - -1676 ) was a Chinese writer and scholar who lived in the late Ming dynasty and early Qing dynasty .
Gerard Piel ( 1 March 1915 in Woodmere , N.Y. -- 5 September 2004 ) was the publisher of the new Scientific American magazine starting in 1948 .
Hulagu Khan , also known as Hülegü or Hulegu ( Mongolian : Хүлэгу хаан ; Chagatai : ہلاکو ; Persian : هولاکو خان‎‎ ; Chinese : 旭烈兀 ; c. 1218 -- 8 February 1265 ) , was a Mongol ruler who conquered much of Western Asia .
Gert Jonke ( 8 February 1946 -- 4 January 2009 ) was an Austrian poet , playwright and novelist .
Sir Wilfrid Lawson , 1st Baronet , of Brayton ( 5 October 1795 -- 12 June 1867 ) , was an English landowner , businessman and investor in the new industrial age .
Elisabeth Helene von Vieregg ( 4 May 1679 -- 27 June 1704 ) , Countess of Antvorskov , was a Danish noble and lady - in - waiting of German origin .
Anders Venger ( 5 January 1872 -- 23 February 1935 ) was Norwegian Minister of Agriculture in 1923 and 1923 - 1924 , as well as head of the Ministry of Education and Church Affairs in 1923 , and Minister of Labour in 1926 .
Gregor Hradetzky ( 31 January 1909 -- 29 December 1984 ) was an Austrian canoer and organ builder who competed in the late 1930s .
Edward Potts Cheyney , A.M. , LL.D. ( 1861 - -1947 ) was an American historical and economic writer , born at Wallingford , Pennsylvania .
Arthur C. Sidman ( August 3 , 1863 -- 16 August 1901 ) was the son of a blacksmith who became a popular American vaudeville performer and playwright .
Hong Dae - yong ( Hangul : 홍대용 ; hanja : 洪大容 ; 12 May 1731 -- 17 November 1783 ) , styled Damheon ( Hangul : 담헌 ; hanja : 湛軒 , `` Relaxed house '' ) was a philosopher , astronomer and mathematician of the late Joseon Kingdom .
Volodymyr Malyk ( Ukrainian : Володимир Малик ; real name Volodymyr Sychenko ; born 21 February 1921 in Kiev Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , died 31 August 1998 ) is a Soviet / Ukrainian writer .
Emmeline Lewis Lloyd ( 18 November 1827 -- 22 September 1913 ) was an early British alpine mountaineer .
Sir Joseph Robert Archibald Glenn , OBE ( 24 May 1911 -- 4 January 2012 ) was an Australian industrialist and founding Chancellor of La Trobe University .
Princess Augusta of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg ( 30 November 1719 -- 8 February 1772 ) was Princess of Wales between 1736 and 1751 , and Dowager Princess of Wales thereafter .
Heinrich Carl von Schimmelmann died - as the richest man in Denmark - in Copenhagen on 15 February 1782 , at the age of 58 .
Cheng Wenshan ( Chinese : 成文山 ; pinyin : Chéng Wénshān ; 11 October 1929 -- 9 July 2008 ) was a Chinese educator who served as President of Hunan University between 1982 to 1987 .
Alan Gordon Gutteridge ( 4 February 1892 -- February 1942 ) was an Australian civil engineer and a founder of Gutteridge Haskins & Davey ( now known as the GHD Group ) .
Bo Gabriel Montgomery also known as Bo - Gabriel de Montgomery ( born 21 April 1894 in Stockholm , Sweden - died 16 October 1969 in Nyköping , Södermanland , Sweden ) was a political writer , social commentator and genealogist .
Penumarti Viswanatha Sastry ( Telugu : పెనుమర్తి విశ్వనాథశాస్త్రి ) ( 2 May 1929 -- 25 December 1998 ) was a famous Telugu writer and editor .
Thomas Maurice ( 1754 - -1824 ) was a British oriental scholar and historian .
James Thraves ( 1869 -- 1936 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester Fosse and Notts County .
Hugh Primrose Lindsay ( 31 October 1765 -- 23 April 1844 ) was a British naval captain , Chairman of the East India Company and Member of Parliament .
Hugh Galbraith ( 22 December 1868 -- 1930 ) was a Scottish footballer , most notable as a player for Luton Town .
Paul Alexiu ( 1893 - -1963 ) was the Major - General in the Romanian Armed Forces during World War II . He served as Commanding Officer of the 4th Artillery Regiment between 1941 and 1942 , and in 1942 to 1943 he served as the Commanding Officer of the artillery 10th division .
Leonard Raven - Hill ( 10 March 1867 - 31 March 1942 ) was an English artist , illustrator and cartoonist .
Mar Ignatius Michael IV Daher ( or Zahir , 1761 - -1816 ) was the Patriarch of the Syriac Catholic Church from 1801 to 1810 .
Jindřich Zelený ( 13 November 1922 -- 11 September 1997 ) ( translation : Henry Green ) was a Czech philosopher and the author of several books .
António de Mariz Carneiro ( 15 ? ? in Lisbon -- 1642 ) was a Portuguese nobleman who served as the official cosmographer to the Portuguese crown .
Generalmajor Heinz Brandt ( 11 March 1907 -- 21 July 1944 ) was a German Wehrmacht staff officer who served during World War II as an aide to Generalleutnant Adolf Heusinger , who was the head of the operations unit of the General Staff .
Alan Fields ( 29 March 1914 -- 21 February 1998 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1940s .
( David ) Eifion Evans ( 22 January 1911 -- 23 May 1997 ) was Archdeacon of Cardigan from 1967 to 1979 .
Dr. Ding Lik - kiu ( Chinese : 陳立僑 , 1921 in Sarawak , British Malaya -- 24 June 2008 in San Francisco , United States ) was a prominent Hong Kong social activist in the 1970s to 80s .
Ibrahim Saeed , sometimes spelled as Sayeed ( 20 May 1945 -- 27 May 2007 ) , was an Indian writer and publisher .
Major General Janaka Perera , RWP , RSP , VSV , USP , VSP , rcds , psc , CR ( 1 February 1946 -- 6 October 2008 ) was a Sri Lankan General and politician .
Edwin Richard Hallifax ( 1874 - -1950 ) was a senior official in Hong Kong in the early 20th century .
Paskal Sotirovski , PhD ( Macedonian : Паскал Сотировски ; b. 23 November 1927 in Vrben , Gostivar - d. 20 January 2003 in Paris , France ) was a famous Macedonian astrophysicist , specialist in Solar Physics .
Jan Romer ( 1869 in Lwów -- 1934 in Warsaw ) was a Polish general and military commander .
Dr James Augustus Rooth ( 1868 - -1962 ) was a colonel of the Royal Army Medical Corps , a member of the Royal College of Surgeons , and house surgeon at the Radcliffe Infirmary , Oxford .
Maicon Pereira de Oliveira ( 8 May 1988 -- 8 February 2014 ) commonly known as Maicon , was a Brazilian footballer who played in the Ukrainian Premier League for most of his professional career .
Bulo C Rani ( 6 March 1920 -- 24 March 1993 ) was a prominent Indian music director .
Fred Raymond aka Raimund Friedrich Vesely ( 20 April 1900 -- 10 January 1954 ) was an Austrian composer .
Guy Le Borgne ( 6 January 1920 -- 12 December 2007 ) was a French Army general that fought in World War II , First Indochina War and Algerian War .
Sir Lawrence Weaver ( 1876 - -1930 ) was a British architectural writer and civil servant .
Ulick Óge Burke , 8th lord of Clanricarde , died 1519 .
Heiner Fleischmann ( 2 February 1914 -- 25 December 1963 ) was a German motorcycle racer before and after World War II . Fleischmann raced mainly for the NSU company .
José María Luengo Martínez ( 1896 - -1991 ) was a Spanish writer and archaeologist .
Stephen Michael Elonka ( - 1983 ) was the author of numerous technical books , including Standard Plant Operators ' Manual .
Oleksa Dovbush ( Ukrainian : Олекса Довбуш ) ( born 1700 , Pechenizhyn Kolomyia-- died 24 August 1745 ) was a famous Ukrainian outlaw , leader of opryshky , who became a folk hero , often compared to Robin Hood .
Jamini Bhushan Ray ( 1 July 1879 -- 11 August 1926 ) was an Indian physician , as well as an Ayurvedic doctor ( Kabiraj ) , an erudite Sanskrit scholar , and a philanthropist .
Célestin Lavigueur ( 19 January 1831 -- 11 December 1885 ) was a French Canadian musician and composer .
Major Sir Bruce Lovat Seton of Abercorn , 11th Baronet ( 29 May 1909 -- 28 September 1969 ) , better known as Bruce Seton , was a British actor and soldier .
Bertha of Aragon ( c. 1075 -- bef . 1111 ) was a Queen consort of Aragon and Navarre .
Li Rangyi ( 李讓夷 ) ( died 847 ? ) , courtesy name Daxin ( 達心 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Wuzong and ( briefly ) Emperor Wuzong 's uncle Emperor Xuānzong .
Ulrich II , Lord of Hanau ( c. 1280/1288 -- 23 September 1346 ) was Lord of Hanau from 1305/1306 until his death .
Daniel Gibson Harris ( 1915 - -2007 ) was an accountant , a British agent during World War II and a writer on Swedish naval history .
Douglas Frank Springhall ( 28 March 1901 -- 2 September 1953 ) , known as Dave Springhall , was a British communist activist .
Dorothea Palmer ( Ferguson ) ( born 1908 died 1992 ) was a Canadian who played a prominent role in the effort to legalize birth control in that country .
Feng Lun ( 568 - -627 ) , courtesy name Deyi , better known as Feng Deyi , formally Duke Miao of Mi ( 密繆公 ) , was an official of the Sui and Tang dynasties who served as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Gaozu of Tang and Emperor Taizong of Tang .
Lev Gillet ( born Louis Gillett ; 8 August 1893 - 29 March 1980 ) was an archimandrite of the Eastern Orthodox Church .
Nepomuceno de la Cerda ( 1752 - -1826 ) was a Spanish soldier of note , after whom the town of La Cerda , Texas , was named .
Paul Samson - Körner ( 13 November 1887 - 25 August 1942 ) was a German Heavyweight boxer .
Charles Malapert ( 1581 - -1630 ) was a Belgian Jesuit writer , astronomer and proponent of Aristotelian cosmology .
Gustavus Detlef Hinrichs ( 2 December 1836 -- 14 February 1923 ) was a chemist and natural philosopher most widely known for his findings on periodic laws within the chemical elements .
Harry Ware ( 22 October 1911 -- 28 October 1970 ) was an English footballer and manager .
Ghabdula Chelbir ( or only Chelbir ) was ruler of Volga Bulgaria from 1178 to 1225 .
Angus Hargreaves Robinson ( 22 July 1907 - 17 October 1973 ) was the owner of a grazing property , ' Yanjettee ' , at Coolup , Western Australia , as well as being an amateur ornithologist .
Joseph Hanks ( 1725 - -1793 ) was the great - grandfather of United States President Abraham Lincoln .
Hugh I'Anson Fausset ( 1895 - -1965 ) , was an English writer , a literary critic and biographer , and a poet and religious writer .
Waman Bapuji Metre ( वामण बापूजी मेत्रे ) ( 14 February 1906 -- 21 November 1970 ) , admiringly referred to as Dādā ( ' Elder Brother'in Bengali ) Metre in the Indian oil industry circles , was the doyen of Indian petroleum geologists .
Ira Lunan Ferguson , B.A. , B.Sc . , M.A. , M.Sc . , Ph.D. , LL.B. ( born Ira Lunan Lamontanio Ferguson , 1904 , died 1992 ) was an American psychologist and author of multiple autobiographies as well as several novels and many published essays and journal articles .
Manto Mavrogenous ( Greek : Μαντώ Μαυρογένους ) ( 1796 - July 1848 ) was a Greek heroine of the Greek War of Independence .
Peter Hooper ( 2 February 1933 -- 13 August 2011 ) was a professional footballer , who played for Bristol Rovers , Cardiff City and Bristol City in The Football League .
John Fountaine ( 1600 - -1671 ) was commissioner of the great seal of England from 1659 - 60 .
Major General Sir Henry Guy Riley KBE CB ( 1884 - -1964 ) was a senior British Army officer during the Second World War .
Sir William Dawes , 3rd Baronet PC ( 12 September 1671 - -30 April 1724 ) was an Anglican prelate .
Alan Oversby ( 20 February 1933 -- 8 May 1996 ) was one of the primary figures in the development of contemporary body piercing in Europe .
Michael Pacher ( c. 1435 -- August 1498 ) was an Austrian painter and sculptor from Tyrol active during the second half of the fifteenth century .
Charles Rowcroft ( 1798 , London -- 1856 ) , pastoralist and novelist , the son of Thomas Edward Rowcroft , a British consul in Peru .
Gérald Gagnier ( 14 October 1926 -- 14 January 1961 ) was a Canadian bandmaster , composer , and trumpeter .
Francisco Pelliza ( 1792 - 1879 ) was an Argentine military , patriot officer who fought in the Argentine War of Independence .
Orig Williams ( 20 March 1931 -- 12 November 2009 ) was a Welsh professional wrestler and wrestling promoter .
Max Graetz ( 1861 - 1936 ) was the President / CEO of the Ehrich & Graetz firm in Berlin .
August Querfurt ( 1696 - -1761 ) was an Austrian painter .
John Beaufort , 1st Duke of Somerset , KG ( 1403 -- 27 May 1444 ) was an English nobleman and military commander .
Kaspar , Count Palatine of Zweibrücken and Veldenz ( 11 July 1459 -- c. Summer 1527 ) was Duke of Zweibrücken from 1489 to 1490 .
August Klett ( Pseudonym : August Klotz ) ( 1866 in Heilbronn-1928 ) was a German schizophrenic outsider artist and one of the `` schizophrenic masters '' profiled by Hans Prinzhorn in his field - defining work Artistry of the Mentally Ill. The pseudonym August Klotz was given by Prinzhorn .
George Mackenzie , 2nd Earl of Seaforth ( died 1651 ) was a Highland clan chief and Scottish nobleman , who played an equivocating role in Scotland in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
Hugh Broughton ( 1549 -- 4 August 1612 ) was an English scholar and theologian .
Anne - Marie Krumpholtz ( née Steckler ; 1766 - -1813 ) was a French harpist and composer .
Yaakov ben Yakar ( 990 - -1064 ) was a German Talmudist .
Henry Corbet ( 31 December 1820 - 20 December 1878 ) was an English agricultural writer , and editor of the weekly The Mark Lane Express Agricultural Journal for twenty years .
Lawrence Dundas , 1st Earl of Zetland ( 10 April 1766 -- 19 February 1839 ) was a British politician and nobleman .
Historically , Qiao Xuan died in 183 while the Qiao sisters married Sun Ce and Zhou Yu in 200 , so it was not possible that Qiao Xuan was still living when the marriages took place .
Abu Zayd Sa'id ibn Aws al - Ansari ( Arabic : أبو زيد سعيد بن أوس الأنصاري‎ ; died 830 CE/215 AH ) was an Arab linguist and a reputable narrator of hadith .
Les Bowie ( November 10 , 1913 -- January 27 , 1979 ) was a Canadian - born special effects artist working mainly in Britain .
David McAlister ( 2 April 1951 -- 26 June 2015 ) was a British actor on television , in musicals , on stage and in film who was known for his voice - over work .
Sir Thomas William Meagher ( 26 March 1902 - -27 June 1979 ) was a medical practitioner who , starting in 1939 , served as Lord Mayor of Perth , Western Australia .
Vittorio Baldini ( died 21 February 1618 ) was an Italian printer and engraver .
John Thomas Job ( 21 May 1867 -- 4 November 1938 ) , was a Welsh minister , hymn - writer and poet .
Le Grand Henderson ( 1901 - -1964 ) , most often writing under the nom de plume `` Le Grand '' , was a writer and illustrator of books for all ages .
Henry Thring , 1st Baron Thring KCB ( 3 November 1818 -- 4 February 1907 ) , was a British lawyer and civil servant .
Július Jakoby ( born as Gyula Jakoby , Kassa , 28 March 1903 -- Košice , 15 April 1985 ) was a Hungarian painter living in Košice , a prominent figure of Hungarian and Slovak modernist art . His image is that of an loner , living on the fringe of society , struggling for survival at start .
Johann Andreas Kneucker ( 24 January 1862 -- 22 December 1946 ) was a German botanical collector who was a native of Wenkheim , a village that today is part of the community of Werbach , Baden - Württemberg .
William Wedge Darke ( 1810 - -1890 ) was an Australian colonist and surveyor , the son of John Darke of Hereford and Elizabeth Darke , née Wedge , and younger brother of John Charles Darke and a nephew of John Helder Wedge from whom he learnt his profession .
Ah Hoon ( died 1909 ) was a Chinese American comedian and associate of the On Leong Tong .
Louise Westergaard ( 1826 - -1880 ) , was a Danish reform pedagogue and pioneer on women 's education .
Musgrave Heighington ( ca.1680 -- 1764 ) was an English organist and composer .
Simple Kapadia ( 15 August 1958 -- 10 November 2009 ) was a Bollywood actress and costume designer .
Edmond Butler , 3rd/13th Baron Dunboyne ( 1595 - 1640 ) was an Anglo - Irish nobleman .
Walter Golaski ( 1913 in Torrington , Connecticut --1996 ) was an American Mechanical - Bio - Medical Engineer best known for developing Dense Knit Dacron Vascular Prostheses , which were the first practical artificial blood vessel replacements .
Annette Kirwan ( Sarah Annette Foster Kirwan ; died 6 April 1913 ) was the first wife of Edward Carson , Baron Carson .
Olaf Alfred Hoffstad ( 18 March 1865 -- 15 September 1943 ) was a Norwegian botanist , writer , school principal and Conservative politician .
Julia O'Connor ( 1890 - -1972 ) was an American labor leader and head of the National Telephone Operators ' Department of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ( IBEW ) .
Hugh Blair FRSE ( 7 April 1718 -- 27 December 1800 ) was a Scottish minister of religion , author and rhetorician , considered one of the first great theorists of written discourse .
Ali Bey Mihaloğlu or Gazı Alauddin Ali Bey Mihaloğlu , ( 1425 - -1507 ) was an Ottoman military commander in 15th century and the first sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Smederevo .
Kurt Starke ( 1911 in Berlin -- 19 January 2000 ) was a German radiochemist .
Sir Dinshaw Edulji Wacha ( 1844 - -1936 ) was a Parsi Indian politician from Bombay .
Anthony Hicks ( 26 June 1943 -- 26 May 2010 ) was a Welsh musicologist , music critic , editor , and writer .
Charles Nelson Tripp ( born Schenectady , New York , 1823 -- died New Orleans , 30 September 1866 ) was a pioneering geologist and bitumen businessman in Ontario .
Branca Eva de Gonta Syder Ribeiro Colaço ( July 8 , 1880 -- March 22 , 1945 ) , better known as Branca de Gonta Colaço , was a Portuguese writer , scholar and linguist .
Amalia Abad Casasempere ( Alcoy , 11 December 1897 -- Alcoy , 21 September 1936 ) was a Catholic woman killed during the Spanish Civil War .
Arthur Guinness ( 1725 -- 23 January 1803 ) was an Irish brewer and the founder of the Guinness brewery business and family .
Jan Visman ( 2 July 1914 , Deventer -- 19 February 2006 ) was a Dutch statistician who played a key role in building a bridge between sampling theory with its homogeneous populations and sampling practice with its heterogeneous sampling units and sample spaces .
Michele Foschini ( September 14 , 1711 - circa 1770 ) was an Italian painter , active in a late Baroque style .
Grigorios Konstantas ( Greek : Γρηγόριος Κωνσταντάς ; 1753 - -1844 ) was a Greek scholar and figure of the modern Greek Enlightenment .
Marie of Brienne ( c. 1225 - -1275 ) was the Empress consort of Baldwin II of Courtenay , Latin Emperor of Constantinople .
Tuoba Heru ( Chinese : 拓跋賀傉 ; pinyin : Tuòbá Hèrǔ ; died 325 ) ruled as prince of the Tuoba Dai 321 to 325 .
Eugen Lindner ( 11 December 1858 Leipzig - 12 November 1915 Weimar ) was a German composer , notably of opera .
Géo Voumard ( 2 December 1920 -- 3 September 2008 ) was a Swiss jazz pianist and composer .
General David Victor Belly de Bussy ( 19 March 1768 in Beaurieux -- 2 January 1848 in Beaurieux ) was a French officer during the Napoleonic Wars .
Susan Grace Benny , née Anderson , ( 1872 -- 5 November 1944 ) of Seacliff , South Australia was Australia 's first woman politician and the first Australian woman elected to local government .
Bernard Lacoste ( 22 June 1931 in Paris -- 21 March 2006 in Paris ) was a French fashion designer and businessman .
Richard Buzacott ( 7 September 1867 -- 10 January 1933 ) , Australian politician , was a Member of the Australian Senate from 1910 to 1923 .
Adrián Woll ( December 2 , 1795 -- February 1875 ) was a French Mexican general in the army of Mexico during the Texas Revolution and the military conflict between Mexico and the Republic of Texas which followed .
Dimitri Mitropoulos ( Greek : Δημήτρης Μητρόπουλος ) ( 1 March ( O.S. 18 February ) 1896 -- 2 November 1960 ) , was a Greek conductor , pianist , and composer .
Hermann Grote ( 7 July 1882 -- 12 August 1951 , Berlin ) was a German ornithologist known for his studies of African avifauna .
Henry Arthur ( 1801 - 9 June 1848 ) was nephew to the fourth Lieutenant - governor of Van Diemen 's Land , George Arthur .
Ralph Lainson OBE , FRS ( 21 February 1927 -- 5 May 2015 ) was a British parasitologist who studied leishmaniasis in Brazil .
Charles Macintosh FRS ( 29 December 1766 -- 25 July 1843 ) was a Scottish chemist and inventor of waterproof fabrics .
Sir Henry Morland ( 9 April 1837 -- 28 July 1891 ) was a British administrator in the Bombay Presidency of India who began his career in the navy .
Dimitrie Alexandresco ( variant spelling of last name : Alexandrescu ; 4 October 1850 in Iaşi -- 1925 ) was a Romanian encyclopedist .
William Sturm ( 1906 - -1981 ) was an animator , known for character development with Fleischer Animation Studios .
Sir Siegmund George Warburg ( 30 September 1902 -- 22 October 1982 ) was a German - born English banker .
Sisinnios Triphyllios ( Greek : Σισίννιος Τριφύλλιος , died 26 July 811 ) was one of the senior dignitaries of the Byzantine Empire during the reign of Empress Irene of Athens ( 797 - -802 ) and her successor Emperor Nikephoros I ( 802 - -811 ) .
Ermanno Nogler ( 4 November 1921 -- 23 June 2000 ) was an Italian alpine skier and coach .
Klaus Sunnanå ( 29 January 1905 -- 22 January 1980 ) was a Norwegian Mot Dag member , economist and fisheries director .
Sir Keith Murdoch died at Cruden Farm in the night of 4 - -5 October 1952 and the funeral service was held at Toorak Presbyterian Church .
Robert Charles Goff ( 1837 - -1922 ) was a printmaker and painter who specialised in topographical scenes .
Eugenia Mathilda Enequist , ( 1833 - -1898 ) was a Swedish opera singer and singing instructor , also known as Signora Biondini .
Danxia Zichun ( 1064 - 1117 ) ( Chinese : 丹霞子淳 ; Wade -- Giles : Tan - hsia Tzu - ch'un ; Japanese : Tanka Shijun ) , was a Zen Buddhist monk during the Song Dynasty .
Sir Richard Levinge , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1685 -- 27 February 1748 ) was an Irish landowner and politician .
Franz Kemser ( 11 November 1910 - 20 January 1986 ) was a German - West German bobsledder who competed from the late 1930s to the early 1950s .
Abu Nasr Ahmad ibn Fadl ( Arabic : أبو نصر أحمد بن فضل‎ ) ( d. 1126 ) was the vizier of the Seljuk ruler of Damascus , Tutush .
Mikuláš Klaudyán ( died 1522 ) was a physician and scholar in Mladá Boleslav , Bohemia and member of the Unity of the Brethren .
Janez Vesel ( 12 September 1798 -- 26 March 1884 ) , known by his pen name Jovan Koseski ( Slovene conventions also include the names Jovan Vesel -- Koseski and , less often , Janez Vesel -- Koseski or Ivan Vesel -- Koseski ) was a Slovene lawyer and poet .
Mariska Veres ( pronunciation ) ( 1 October 1947 -- 2 December 2006 ) was a Dutch singer who was best known as the lead singer of the rock group Shocking Blue .
Hermann Glauert , FRS ( 4 October 1892 -- 6 August 1934 ) was a British aerodynamicist and Principal Scientific Officer of the Royal Aircraft Establishment , Farnborough until his death in 1934 .
John C. Becher ( 15 January 1915 -- 20 September 1986 ) was an American stage and television actor .
Frank Willey Clancy ( 15 January 1852 - 1 September 1928 ) was Attorney General of New Mexico ( 1909 - -1916 ) , as well as Mayor of Albuquerque ( 1898 ) .
John Henry Vivian FRS ( 9 August 1785 -- 10 February 1855 ) was a Welsh industrialist and politician of Cornish extraction .
Jacob Zallel Lauterbach ( 1873 - -1942 ) was an American Judaica scholar and author who served on the faculty of Hebrew Union College and composed responsa for the Reform movement in America .
Sir Brinsley Ford ( 1908 - -1999 ) was a British art historian , scholar , and collector .
Reverend Henry Cadwallader Adams ( 4 November 1817 -- 17 October 1899 ) was a 19th - century English cleric , schoolmaster and writer of children 's novels .
Al - Mutawakkil Ahmad ( المتوكل أحمد ) ( 26 ) , ( full name Ahmad bin Ali bin Abbas : أحمد بن علي بن عباس ) September 1756 - 10 September 1816 was an Imam of Yemen who ruled in 1809 - 1816 .
Reginald Bainbrigg , or Baynbridge ( 1545 - -1606 ) , was an English schoolmaster and antiquary .
Although Cynthia Hesdra spent a portion of her life as a slave , at the time of her death in 1879 , she was quite wealthy .
André Groult ( 1884 - -1966 ) was a French decorator and designer of French furniture .
Francis Hervé ( 1781 - -1850 ) was a French born British artist and travel writer .
Alice Glenn ( née Duffy ; 17 December 1921 -- 16 December 2011 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician .
Kristoffer Aamot ( 26 March 1889 -- 22 March 1955 ) was a Norwegian journalist , magazine editor , politician and cinema administrator .
William Henry Temple Gairdner ( July 31 , 1873 -- May 22 , 1928 ) was a British Christian missionary with the Church Missionary Society in Cairo , Egypt .
Mabel Mercer ( 3 February 1900 -- 20 April 1984 ) was an English - born cabaret singer who performed in the United States , Britain , and Europe with the greats in jazz and cabaret .
Metropolitan Anthony of Sourozh ( Russian : Митропролит Антоний Сурожский , secular name Andrei Borisovich Bloom , Russian : Андрей Борисович Блум ; 19 June 1914 -- 4 August 2003 ) was best known as a writer and broadcaster on prayer and the Christian life .
Janet Bloomfield ( 10 October 1953 -- 2 April 2007 ) was a peace and disarmament campaigner who was chair of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) from 1993 to 1996 .
Noel Everingham Sainsbury , Jr. ( born June 11 , 1884 , New York City - d . 1955 , Lake Worth , Florida ) was an author of various children 's adventure and mystery novels during the late 1920s and the 1930s .
Joseph Philippe Lemercier Laroche ( 26 May 1886 -- 15 April 1912 ) was a Paris - educated Haitian engineer .
Wolff von Eggenberg ( died 1615 ) was an Austrian military officer and Freiherr of the House of Eggenberg .
Guo Chun ( simplified Chinese : 郭纯 ; traditional Chinese : 郭純 ; pinyin : Guō Chún ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo Ch'un ; 1370 - -1444 ) , was an imperial Chinese painter in the early Ming Dynasty .
Edward Knatchbull - Hugessen , 2nd Baron Brabourne JP DL ( 5 April 1857 -- 29 December 1909 ) was a British peer and Liberal Party politician .
Vasundhara Komkali ( 1931 - -2015 ) , popularly known as Vasundhara Thai , was an Indian classical musician and one of the leading exponents of the Gwalior gharana , an old Khyal tradition of Hindustani music .
Sir Richard Broke or Brooke ( died 1529 ) , was an English judge , who served as Chief Baron of the Exchequer .
Sir Charles Talbot , 2nd Baronet ( 8 November 1751 -- 3 November 1812 ) was a British politician .
Oscar Collett ( 9 December 1877 -- 1950 ) was a Norwegian landowner and benefactor .
Dr. Simon Ungar ( 1864 - -1942 ) was a doctor of oriental medicine and rabbi of the Osijek Jewish Community who was killed during the Holocaust .
Dallas Bower ( 1907,London -- 1999 ) was a British film and television director and producer .
George Carlyon Hughes Armstrong , 1st Baronet ( 1836 - -1907 ) was an English journalist and newspaper proprietor .
Richie Kaczor ( 9 December 1952 -- April 1993 ) was among the earliest DJs during Disco 's infancy in the 1970s .
Michael Burston ( 23 October 1949 -- 9 July 2011 ) , commonly known by the stage name Würzel , was an English musician and formerly a guitarist in the British Heavy Metal band Motörhead .
Sir Josias Bodley ( 1550 - 1618 ) was an English military engineer noted for his service in Ireland during the Nine Years ' War .
Colea Răutu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkole̯a rəˈutu ) ; 18 November 1912 -- 13 May 2008 ) was a Romanian actor , born in Bălţi ( Russian Empire , now Republic of Moldova ) .
John Asty ( c. 1672 -- 1730 ) was an English dissenting clergyman .
Bert Parke ( 21 April 1886 -- 24 April 1967 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Julio César Schupp Rodríguez ( d. 21 February 2005 in Asunción ) was a Paraguayan diplomat .
Olga Jančić ( Олга Јанчић ) ( Bitola , 1 February 1929 - Belgrade , 25 October 2012 ) was a Serbian sculptor .
Air Vice - Marshal Harold Spencer Kerby CB DSC AFC ( 14 May 1893 -- 8 June 1963 ) was a senior Royal Air Force officer who commanded British Air Forces in East Africa during the Second World War .
Noura died on 1 June 2014 in Paris after a lengthy illness .
John Philpot ( 1516 - 1555 ) was an archdeacon of Winchester and an English Protestant martyr whose story is recorded in Foxe 's Book of Martyrs .
Hugh Cruttwell ( 31 October 1918 -- 24 August 2002 ) was an influential teacher of drama and principal of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts .
Felix Adolf Schmal ( 18 September 1872 -- 28 August 1919 ) was an Austrian fencer and racing cyclist .
Kang Hang ( 1567 - 1618 ) was a Korean scholar who was taken prisoner by the forces of Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1597 .
Patri J. Pugliese ( 1950 - -2007 ) was a historian of science , dance , and fencing , as well as a noted teacher of historical dance .
George Athor Deng ( 1962 -- 19 December 2011 ) was the Sudan People 's Liberation Army Lieutenant General and a SPLA dissident who led the South Sudan Democratic Movement and its military wing , the South Sudan Army .
Sir William McEwan Younger , 1st Baronet ( 6 September 1905 -- 15 April 1992 ) was a Scottish brewer and political activist .
Subutay Kesgin , better known by his stage name Azer Bülbül , ( 1 February 1969 -- 7 January 2012 ) was a prominent Turkish folk singer and actor .
Frank Purcell ( died 2 April 1960 ) was an Irish politician and trade union official .
Ivo Taillebois ( d 1094 ) was a powerful Norman nobleman , sheriff and Tenant - in - chief in 11th century England .
Fred Kruger ( b. Johan Friedrich Carl Kruger 18 April 1831 , d. 15 February 1888 ) was a German - born photographer noted for his early photography of landscape and indigenous peoples in Victoria , Australia .
Gunnar Stensland ( 11 January 1922 -- 24 November 2011 ) was a Norwegian association footballer and later coach .
Willis Walker ( 24 November 1892 − 3 December 1991 ) was an English footballer and County Cricketer .
Hans Felix Husadel ( 18 May 1897 -- 25 July 1964 ) was a German composer and conductor , particularly noted for modernizing the military band and for his march compositions .
James Hagan ( 21 January 1918 -- 26 February 1998 ) , known as Jimmy Hagan , was an English football player and manager born in Washington , County Durham , England .
Leueen MacGrath ( 3 July 1914 -- 27 March 1992 ) was an English actress and playwright and the second wife of George S. Kaufman , from 1949 until their divorce in 1957 .
Peter Mandrup Lem ( baptized 7 June 1758 - 12 January 1828 ) was an eighteenth - century Danish violin virtuoso .
David UU ( pronounced David W. ) , or David W. Harris , ( 1948 - -1994 ) is considered an accomplished concrete and experimental poet and an important small press publisher .
Joseph Badeaux ( 25 September 1777 -- 12 September 1835 ) was the son of Jean - Baptiste Badeaux and , in 1792 , he began articling to become a notary .
Blessed Bertha de Bardi ( died 24 March 1163 ) was born in Florence .
Crisóstomo Martinez ( 1638 - -1694 ) was a Valencian painter and engraver known for his atlas of anatomy .
Ângelo Moreira da Costa Lima ( 1887 - -1964 ) was the foremost Brazilian entomologist of his time , and his still - consulted works continue to assure his place in the history of science as the `` Father '' of Brazilian entomology .
Karun Krishna Majumdar ( Bengali : করুণকৃষ্ণ মজুমদার ) ( 6 September 1913 - 17 February 1945 ) was a Wing Commander who took part in the Second World War .
Margery Edwards ( 1933 - -1989 ) was an Australian Spiritual Abstract Expressionist working in mixed media .
Florence Kirsch Du Brul ( 1915 - -July 2 , 2005 ) was a concert pianist and master piano teacher and member of Chicago society in the mid-20th century .
Yao Min ( Chinese : 姚敏 ; pinyin : Yáo Mǐn , born 姚民 Yáo Mín ; 1917 - -1967 ) was a Chinese popular music songwriter and singer and brother of Yao Lee .
Trevor Gardner ( 24 August 1915 - 28 September 1963 ) was Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Air Force for Research and Development during the early 1950s .
Bishop Sebastian Vayalil ( 28 January 1906 -- 21 November 1986 ) was the first bishop of the Eparchy of Pala , in Kerala , India .
Paul Brach , ( b. March 13 , 1924 in New York City - d . November 16 , 2007 in Easthampton , New York ) was an American abstract painter and a lecturer and educator .
Remi Abiola ( August 1953 - July 2009 ) was a Nigerian film actress and spouse of the late Moshood Abiola , a prominent Nigerian Business magnate and politician .
Robert Edson Dornin ( 1912 , California -- 1982 ) , nicknamed `` Dusty '' , was a United States Navy officer who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II as a very successful submarine commander .
Whisky David ( 1947 - -2011 ) , born David Waterston in Paisley , Scotland , was a Scottish - born , Spain - based blues / rock artist .
Zhang Shaozeng ( Chinese : 張紹曾 , Wade - Giles Chang Shao - ts'eng ) ( 1879 -- March 21 , 1928 ) was a Beiyang Army general in charge of the 20th Division .
Sir John Raynsford ( by 1482 - 1559 ) was an English politician .
John Gmeiner ( 5 December 1847 , Bärnau , Bavaria - 17 February 1915 , Richfield , Minnesota ) was a United States Roman Catholic clergyman .
Zhuang Cunyu ( 莊存與 , 1719 - -1788 ) was a Chinese intellectual , and a representative of the Changzhou School of Thought , an important proponent of the New Text Confucianism .
Al Muhaddith Shah Abdul Aziz Dehlavi ( 11 October , 1746- 5 June , 1824 ) ( Arabic : المُحَدَّث شَاہ عَبْدُ الْعَزِیز دِھْلَوِیْ‎ ) was one of the Islamic scholar scholars of Hadith in India who is considered as Mujadid of 18th century .
Thomas Vernon Wollaston FLS ( 9 March 1822 -- 4 January 1878 ) was a prominent English entomologist and malacologist , becoming especially known for his studies of Coleoptera inhabiting several North Atlantic archipelagoes .
Ursula St Barbe ( died 18 June 1602 ) ( aka Ursula , Lady Worsley and Ursula , Lady Walsingham ) was a lady at the court of Queen Elizabeth I of England .
Gottfried Bernhardy ( 20 March 1800 -- 14 May 1875 ) , German philologist and literary historian , was born at Landsberg an der Warthe ( now Poland ) in the Neumark .
Bishop Alexander Preston Shaw died on March 7 , 1966 .
Ivan Mane Jarnović ( Italian : Giovanni Mane Giornovichi ) ( 26 October 1747 -- 23 November 1804 ) was a virtuoso violinist - composer of the 18th century whose family was of possibly Ragusan ( today in Croatia ) origin .
Francesca Lebrun , née Danzi ( 24 March 1756 -- 14 May 1791 ) , was a noted 18th - century German singer and composer .
James Morrow Walsh , ( 22 May 1840 -- 25 July 1905 ) was a North - West Mounted Police ( NWMP ) officer and the first Commissioner of the Yukon Territory .
Thomas FitzGerald , 11th Earl of Desmond ( 1454 - 1534 ) was the uncle of James FitzGerald , 10th Earl of Desmond .
Absalon Pederssøn Beyer ( c. 1528 -- 9 April 1575 ) was a Norwegian author , lecturer and Lutheran clergyman .
David Calderwood ( 1575 -- 29 October 1650 ) was a Scottish divine and historian .
William Watkin Edward Wynne ( 23 December 1801 -- 9 June 1880 ) was a Welsh Member of Parliament and antiquarian .
Catalina de los Ríos y Lisperguer ( 1604 -- 1665 ) was an aristocratic 17th century Chilean landowner , nicknamed La Quintrala because of her flaming red hair .
Federico Moja ( October 20 , 1802 -- March 29 1885 ) was an Italian painter , known best for his vedute and views of interior architecture .
Nolan White ( 26 February 1931 -- 20 October 2002 ) was one of the few people to pilot a wheel - driven piston engined vehicle in an official sanctioned run in excess of 400 MPH .
Sir Arthur Throckmorton ( ca . 1557 -- 21 July 1626 ) was an English courtier and politician .
Dmitri Feodorovich Trepov ( transliterated at the time as Trepoff ) , ( 15 December 1850 -- 15 September 1906 ) was Head of Moscow police ;
John Braithwaite the elder ( 1760 - -1818 ) , was a British engineer , and salvor .
Chan On Pak ( 1845 - 1901 ) was born in Ging Mui Village , the first son of Chan Heung , founder of Choy Li Fut Kung Fu .
Kōjirō Yoshikawa ( Yoshikawa Kōjirō 吉川幸次郎 ; 18 March 1904 -- 8 April 1980 ) was a Japanese sinologist noted for his studies of Chinese history and Classical Chinese literature , especially the Book of Documents ( Shujing ) and Analects of Confucius .
Rudolf Kaufmann ( 3 April 1909 -- c. 1941 ) , son of the physicist Walter Kaufmann , was a palaeontologist and geologist , and is best remembered for his work on allopatric speciation and punctuated equilibrium in the trilobite genus Olenus in the Upper Cambrian of Sweden and on the island of Bornholm .
Sir Richard Hoghton , 3rd Baronet ( c. 1616 -- 3 February 1678 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1656 .
Eugene Ernest Colman ( 11 October 1878 , Merton , England -- 20 July 1964 ) was an English chess master .
Sanford Yung Yung - tao ( Chinese : 容永道 ; 3 October 1927 -- 7 November 2013 ) was a Hong Kong accountant , politician and racehorse owner .
Don José María Chacón ( 1 January 1749 -- 1 January 1833 ) was the last Spanish Governor of Trinidad .
Tan Sri Datuk Amar Dr. Teuku Zakaria Teuku Nyak Putih , commonly known as P. Ramlee ( 22 March 1929 -- 29 May 1973 ) was a Malaysian film actor , director , singer , songwriter , composer , and producer .
J. E. Mitchell ( 1876 - -1953 ) was an African - American publisher known for his newspaper , the St. Louis Argus .
Bessie Darling ( 1885?-1933 ) was a socialite from Baltimore who was brutally murdered in her mountain property on Halloween night , 1933 .
Sári Petráss ( 5 November 1888 -- 9 September 1930 ) was a Hungarian operetta actress and singer .
Mullah Powindah born Mohiuddin Mahsud ( died 1913 ) was a religious leader in the Pashtun tribe of the Mahsuds .
Sibella Elizabeth Miles ( née Hatfield ; 1800 - -1882 ) , was an English schoolteacher , poet and writer of the 19th century .
Kevin Widemond ( born in Newark , New Jersey , United States on 24 December 1985 , died in Leiria , northern Portugal on 25 October 2009 ) was an American basketball player .
Max Kowalski ( 10 August 1882 -- 4 June 1956 ) was a German composer , singer and singing teacher .
Henry Dorling ( died 20 March 1873 ) was the first Clerk of the course at Epsom Downs Racecourse and cookery writer Mrs Beeton 's stepfather .
Yitzhak Berman ( Hebrew : יצחק ברמן‎‎ ; 3 June 1913 -- 4 August 2013 ) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Energy and Infrastructure from August 1981 until September 1982 .
Nicolas Quentin ( died 1636 ) was a French historical painter .
William Horn Battle ( 1802 - -1879 ) was a North Carolina jurist and law professor who served on the North Carolina Supreme Court .
Henry James Hyne ( 1867 - -1936 ) was an Australian businessman and the mayor of Maryborough , Queensland from 1913 - 1918 .
Mary Skeaping ( 15 December 1902 - 9 February 1984 ) was a British ballerina and choreographer .
Sir Richard Roy Maconachie KBE , CIE ( 1885 - 18 January 1962 ) was an English civil servant in India and a naturalist .
Rui Gonçalves da Câmara ( c. 1430 - a 27 November 1497 ) , was the second son of João Gonçalves Zarco , and inherited the title of Donatary - Captain of the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Yelena Samarina ( 1933 - -2011 ) was a Russian - born actress who settled in Spain .
Major Jonathan Cass ( October 29 , 1753 -- August 4 , 1830 ) , born in Salisbury , Massachusetts , was a soldier of the American Revolutionary War , who enlisted as a private the day after the battle of Lexington .
Gudrun Fiil ( 18 December 1890 -- 19 May 1972 ) was inn keeper at Hvidsten Inn and member of the Danish resistance , whose husband , son and son - in - law were executed by the German occupying power .
Václav Melzer ( 26 August 1878 -- 1 May 1968 ) was a Czech teacher and mycologist .
James Hopwood , referred to as James Hopwood the Younger or James Hopwood the Second ( James Hopwood II ) ( c. 1800 - -1850 ; year of life also given as 1795 - 1855 ) , engraver , son of James Hopwood the elder , followed his father 's profession , and engraved in the stipple manner .
Gilbert Hewson ( died 1951 ) was an Irish politician .
Joanna Agacka - Indecka ( 18 December 1964 in Łódź -- 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish attorney , President of the Polish Bar Council from 2007 until 2010 .
Charlotta Frölich ( 28 November 1698 - 21 July 1770 ) was a Swedish writer , historian , agronomist and poet .
James Alexander , 1st Earl of Caledon ( 1730 -- 22 March 1802 ) was an Irish landlord , merchant , politician and peer of the realm .
Zeev Nehari ( born 2 February 1915 Berlin as Willi Weissbach ; died 1978 ) was a mathematician who worked on univalent functions and on differential and integral equations .
Patrick William Marony ( 1858 - -1939 ) , also known as P. W. Marony , was a cartoonist , painter and writer .
Antoni Aleksander Iliński , also known as Iskender Pasha ( Turkish : Mehmet İskender Paşa ; 1814 - -1861 ) , was a Polish - Ottoman military officer and general .
Sir Zahir - ud - Daula Bahadur GCSI ( died 1879 ) was the titular Nawab of Arcot from 1874 to 1879 .
Erwin Markham ( 1838 - 1914 ) was an investor who helped pioneer the American automobile industry .
Alexander , Duke of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg ( 20 January 1573 -- 13 May 1627 ) , was a Danish nobleman .
Edward Jackamonis ( October 19 , 1939 - -January 22 , 2006 ) was a Wisconsin legislator and educator .
Kathleen Warner , née Kathleen Davis ( 1903-December 1996 ) , was a Trinidadian actress and radio personality .
General Ralph Dundas ( died 7 February 1814 ) was an officer of the British Army .
Sir Gordon Richards ( 5 May 1904 -- 10 November 1986 ) was an English jockey .
John Wallop , 1st Earl of Portsmouth ( 15 April 1690 -- 22 November 1762 ) , known as John Wallop , 1st Viscount Lymington from 1720 to 1743 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
William Webster Diehl ( January 15 , 1891 -- 1978 ) was an American mycologist recognized for his work on grass pathogens , particularly in the genus Balansia .
Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis VI ( Greek : Τιβέριος Ἰούλιος Ῥησκούπορις Στ ' ; died 342 ) was the last ruler of the Bosporan Kingdom , a client king of the Roman Empire .
Richard Mather ( 1596 -- 22 April 1669 ) was a Puritan minister in colonial Boston , Massachusetts .
Israel Williams ( 1709 - -1788 ) was an American educator and judge who founded Williams College in 1793 by bequest of Ephraim Williams .
Edward Stourton , 10th Baron Stourton ( c. 1555 - 7 May 1633 ) was a younger son of Charles Stourton , 8th Baron Stourton and Lady Anne Stanley , daughter of Edward Stanley , 3rd Earl of Derby .
Émile Arnaud ( 1864 -- 1921 ) was a French lawyer , notary , and writer noted for his anti - war rhetoric and for coining the term `` pacifism '' .
Patrick Michael Grundy ( 16 November 1917 , Yarmouth , Isle of Wight -- 4 November 1959 ) was an English mathematician and statistician .
Mor Severios ( 27 March 1851 -- 11 June 1927 ) was a Metropolitan for the Knanaya .
Annette Bear - Crawford ( 1853 -- 7 June 1899 ) was a women 's suffragist and federationist in Victoria .
Gillafin mac Coulahan lord of Síol Anmchadha , 1096 - 1101 .
Anna Mackenzie ( 1621 - -1707 ) was a Scottish countess of Balcarres and later a countess of Argyll .
Nicholas Fuller ( c. 1557 -- 1626 ) was an English Hebraist and philologist .
Marquard Herrgott ( 9 October 1694 -- 9 October 1762 ) was a German Benedictine historian and diplomat .
Tidiani Tall ( c.1840 -- 1888 ) succeeded his uncle , El Hadj Umar Tall , as head of the Toucouleur Empire following Umar 's 1864 death near Bandiagara .
Yehoshua Ben - Zion ( 1924 -- 2004 ) ( Hebrew : יהושע בן ציון‎ ) was an Israeli banker .
Pierre Weil ( 16 April 1924 -- 10 October 2008 ) was a psychologist , author and educator dedicated to the cause of world peace .
Edward Thurland ( 22 February 1607 -- 14 January 1683 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1673 .
Robert Walter Steel CBE ( 31 July 1915 -- 29 December 1997 ) was a British geographer , who was Professor of Geography at Liverpool University from 1957 to 1974 and Principal of the University College of Swansea from 1974 to 1982 .
Sir Nicolas Byron ( died 1503 ) was created a Knight of the Bath by Arthur , Prince of Wales on the occasion of Byron 's marriage on 14 November 1501 to Joan Bushler , a daughter of Sir John Bushler .
Dr. Edgar Knobloch ( 11 November 1927 -- 3 February 2013 ) was a Czech writer who specialised in the history of Central Asia and the Islamic world .
Kaneji Domoto ( November 5 , 1913 - Jan. 27 , 2002 ) , known as `` Kan '' , was an architect and landscape architect .
Oronzio Maldarelli was an American sculptor and painter ( 1892 - -1963 ) born in Naples , Italy .
Arthur Tilford ( 14 May 1903 -- 1993 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a full - back for various clubs in the 1920s and 1930s .
Stanley Stahl ( 1924 - -1999 ) was an American banker and real estate investor from New York City .
Timothée Franchère ( ca . 1790 -- October 5 , 1849 ) was a Quebec businessman and political figure .
Maria Hellwig ( 22 February 1920 -- 26 November 2010 ) was a German yodeler , popular performer of volkstümliche Musik ( Alpine folk music ) , and television presenter .
Rabbi Hillel Lichtenstein was a Hungarian rabbi ; born at Veča 1814 ; died at Kolomyia , Galicia ( now Ukraine ) , May 18 , 1891 .
Sidney Leslie Goodwin ( 9 September 1910 -- 15 April 1912 ) was a 19-month - old English boy who died during the sinking of the RMS Titanic .
Pratap Singh Prabhakar ( 1740 -- November 1791 ) was the first ruler of the princely state of Alwar .
Mountain Wolf Woman , or Xéhachiwinga ( 1884 - -1960 ) , was a Native American woman of the Ho - Chunk ( Winnebago ) tribe .
Guglielmo Gasparrini ( 3 January 1803 -- 28 June 1866 ) was an Italian botanist and mycologist .
Arthur Barlow ( 23 October 1904 - 21 August 1951 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Carlo I Malatesta ( June 1368 -- 13 September 1429 ) was an Italian condottiero during the Wars in Lombardy and lord of Rimini , Fano , Cesena and Pesaro .
William Parrott ( 18 December 1843 -- 9 November 1905 ) was a British coalminer , trade union official and Liberal--
Colonel Sir James Hayes Sadler KCMG CB FRGS ( 21 May 1827 -- 9 January 1910 ) was a British diplomat and civil servant .
Ary Stillman ( February 13 , 1891 - January 1967 ) was a representational and abstract Russian - American painter born in Hresk near Slutsk , Belarus .
Louis Piazzoli , PIME ( 12 May 1845 -- 26 December 1904 ) was the Apostolic Vicar of Hong Kong from January 11 , 1895 to 1904 .
Henry Gastineau ( 1791 - -1876 ) was an English engraver and prolific painter in water - colours .
Evangeline Atwood ( 1906 - 1987 ) was an American historian , activist , and philanthropist .
Eadnoth the Constable ( died 1068 ) also known as Eadnoth the Staller , was an Anglo - Saxon landowner and steward to Edward the Confessor and King Harold II . He is mentioned in Domesday Book as holding thirty manors in Devon , Dorset , Somerset , and Wiltshire , before the Norman conquest .
Hercules Ross died on 25 December 1816 , his wife having predeceased him by five years .
Kirby Page ( 1890 - -1957 ) was an American Disciples of Christ minister , an author , and a peace activist .
Vilvanathan ( 15 October 1928 -- 26 June 2009 ) was an Indian architect , who played an important role in building houses etc . , he was also called `` Mastry '' .
Mahananda Sapkota ( 1896 - 1977 ) was a Nepalese social worker , etymologist , linguist , and poet .
Bojan Accetto ( 4 September 1922 in Ljubljana -- 26 July 2007 ) was a Slovenian physician and internal specialist , the founder of gerontology in Slovenia .
Joyce Barbour ( 1901 - -1977 ) was a British actress .
Jean - Jacques Millant ( 1928 - -1998 ) was an influential French bow maker / archetier ( French word for maker of string family bows ) of the Dominique Peccatte school .
Ludwig Wahrmund ( 21 August 1860 - 10 September 1932 ) was an Austrian professor of Canon Law at the University of Innsbruck .
Ian MacLeod ( 19 November 1959 - 6 May 2013 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender .
Zim Ngqawana ( 25 December 1959 -- 10 May 2011 ) was a South African flautist and saxophonist .
Archibald Kennedy , Earl of Cassilis ( 4 June 1794 -- 12 August 1832 ) was the eldest son of Archibald Kennedy , 1st Marquess of Ailsa .
Ralph Aitken ( 16 February 1863 -- 10 January 1928 ) was a Scottish international football player , who played for Dumbarton , Newcastle West End and Scotland .
John Pinkerton ( 17 February 1758 -- 10 March 1826 ) was a Scottish antiquarian , cartographer , author , numismatist , historian , and early advocate of Germanic racial supremacy theory .
Jacob Xaver Schmuzer ( 1713 - -1775 ) was a German copper engraver particularly noted for his illustrating `` Unterhaltungen aus der Naturgeschichte '' ( ' Discourse on Natural History ' ) , the monumental multi - volume work of the Bavarian clergyman and naturalist from Augsburg , Gottlieb Tobias Wilhelm ( 1758 - 1822 ) .
Arthur McCashin ( 5 May 1909 -- 24 September 1988 ) was an American equestrian and Olympic medalist .
John Tawell ( 1784 - -1845 ) was a British murderer .
Rabbi Chaim Avraham Dov Ber Levine HaCohen , ( 1859/1860 - 1938 ) , a kohen by birth , known as `` the Malach '' ( lit . `` the angel '' ) was the founder of the Malachim ( Hasidic group ) .
Eco James Coli ( February 15 , 1922-December 1982 ) was a Chicago tough guy who was an alleged labor racketeer .
Gilbert Le Coze ( 1945 -- 28 July 1994 ) was a French chef known for his innovative methods in seafood preparation .
The film centres on the killing of Joan Vollmer Burroughs , on 6 September 1951 , by her husband , William S. Burroughs .
Sir William Rae , 3rd Baronet ( 14 April 1769 -- 19 October 1842 ) , was a Scottish politician and lawyer , a son of Sir David Rae , Lord Eskgrove .
Turpilio ( died 409 ) was a Roman military commander , a Magister peditum .
Ena Baga ( 5 January 1906 -- 15 July 2004 ) was a British pianist and theatre organist .
Sir Roger Vaughan of Bredwardine ( died 25 October 1415 ) , also known as Roger Fychan the younger , was a Welsh gentleman , described as having possessed wealth , rank , and high respectability .
Ravinder Kapoor ( 15 December 1940 -- 3 March 2011 ) , popularly known as Goga Kapoor , was an Indian film actor , who appeared mostly in Bollywood films .
Karl Gustaf Torsten Sjögren ( /ˈʃoʊɡrən/ ; Swedish : ( ˈɧœˈɡrɪən ) ; 30 January 1896 -- 27 July 1974 ) was a Swedish psychiatrist and geneticist .
Abdullah Mohamed Omar ( 26 May 1934 -- 13 March 2004 ) , better known as Dullah Omar , was a South African anti - Apartheid activist , lawyer , and a minister in the South African cabinet from 1994 till his death .
Edward Geoffrey Toye ( 17 February 1889 -- 11 June 1942 ) , known as Geoffrey Toye , was an English conductor , composer and opera producer .
Aleksander Augezdecky ( or Aujezdecki ) ( born in the early sixteenth century , died in 1577 in Litomyšl ) was a Polish printer and publisher of Czech origin .
Audun Hugleiksson ( Hestakorn ) ( c. 1240 -- 2 December 1302 ) was a Norwegian nobleman at the end of the 13th century .
Jonathan Spilsbury ( 1737?--1812 ) was an English engraver , the brother of John Spilsbury , with whom he has sometimes been confused , and father of Maria Spilsbury .
Edward Larocque Tinker ( 1881 - 1968 ) was an American writer and philanthropist who developed a deep interest in the culture of Latin America and spent much of his life exploring it .
John Anthony Sydney Ritson DSO & Bar , OBE , MC ( 18 August 1887 -- 16 October 1957 ) was an English mines inspector and engineer who became professor of mining at Leeds University and at the Royal School of Mines , Imperial College , London .
Jack Stenhouse ( 20 November 1911 -- 31 October 1987 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond , Essendon and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Johann Samuel Heinsius ( 1686 - -1750 ) was a German bookseller and publisher based in Leipzig , best known for the works he published in collaboration with Johann Heinrich Zedler .
Martin Nadaud ( 17 November 1815 , Soubrebost , Creuse -- 28 December 1898 ) rose from being a peasant boy to becoming a revolutionary and Member of Parliament .
Edward Whitby ( died 8 April 1639 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1629 .
John Price Durbin ( 1800 - -1876 ) was a Methodist clergyman who served as Chaplain of the Senate and president of Dickinson College .
Henry Winder ( 15 May 1693 -- 9 August 1752 ) was an English nonconformist minister and chronologist .
Alan Redpath ( 9 January 1907 -- 16 March 1989 ) , was a well - known British evangelist , pastor and author .
Petrus Peckius the Elder ( born Pieter Peck , Zierikzee , 16 July 1529 ; died Mechelen , 16 July 1589 ) , also known as Pierre Peckius , was an eminent Netherlandish jurist , one of the first to write about international maritime law , and the father of Petrus Peckius the Younger .
Pan Chengdong ( Chinese : 潘承洞 ; Pinyin : Pān Chéngdòng ; 26 May 1934 -- 27 December 1997 ) was a Chinese mathematician made contributions in number theory , including the Goldbach 's conjecture .
John Lyon , 7th Lord Glamis ( c. 1521 - -1558 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Thomas Bignall ( 8 January 1842 -- 19 September 1898 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class matches for Nottinghamshire between 1863 and 1878 as a right - handed batsman and very occasional fast bowler .
Émile Renouf ( 23 June 1845 -- 1894 ) was a French painter and draughtsman of the realism - impressionism school .
Abraham of the High Mountain ( died 406 ) was a teacher of Barsauma .
James Alan Hull ( 20 February 1945 -- 17 November 1995 ) was an English singer - songwriter and founding member of the Tyneside folk rock band Lindisfarne .
John Broadwood ( 6 October 1732 -- 17 July 1812 ) was the Scottish founder of the piano manufacturer Broadwood and Sons .
Michael Barrington ( 3 July 1924 -- 5 June 1988 ) was a British actor best known for his television work .
Indrani Aikath Gyaltsen ( 1952 - 1994 ) was an Indian novelist and columnist .
Hermann von Münster ( c. 1330 - March 1392 ) was a German master glassmaker , native of Münster , in Westphalia , and active in Lorraine .
Arthur Hugh Inkster ( c. 1866 -- 29 March 1907 ) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi - member seat of Flinders from 1905 to 1907 , joining the Liberal and Democratic Union in 1906 .
Sophia Stacey ( 1791 - -1874 ) was a friend of the Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley , to whom he dedicated the Ode which begins :
Mekled Hamied ( died December 2003 ) was a top Islamic Jihad commander who was killed during an Israeli air strike on his car in the last week of 2003 .
George Murnaghan ( 4 July 1847 -- 13 January 1929 ) was an Irish Nationalist Member of Parliament in the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
William H. Brand ( April 20 , 1824 Leonardsville , Madison County , New York -- 1891 ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
William Robert Bousfield FRS ( 12 January 1854 -- 16 July 1943 ) was a British lawyer , Conservative politician and scientist .
Deane McMinn was a figure skating judge who was serving as team manager for the United States Figure Skating team attending the 1961 World Figure Skating Championships .
Sir Ralph Hare , 1st Baronet ( 24 March 1623 - 28 February 1672 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1672 .
John Marshall , Lord Curriehill ( 1794 - -1868 ) was a Scottish judge .
Prince Francis Joseph of Braganza ( Portuguese : Príncipe Francisco José de Bragança ; 7 September 1879 -- 15 June 1919 ) was a member of the exiled branch of House of Braganza and an officer in the Austro - Hungarian Army .
Kirstine Fiil ( 23 August 1918 -- 25 August 1983 ) was a convicted member of the Danish resistance as part of the Hvidsten Group , whose husband , father and brother were executed by the German occupying power .
Geoffrey Malcolm Gathorne - Hardy , who wrote as G. M. Gathorne - Hardy ( 28 January 1878 - 7 January 1972 ) was an English soldier , writer and Norse specialist .
John Churchill Chase ( 1905 - -1986 ) was a cartoonist and writer .
John Hodgkiss ( ca.1820 -- 23 June 1897 ) was a politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia
General Lord John Murray ( 14 April 1711 -- 26 May 1787 ) was a British general and politician .
Paul Scott Mowrer ( July 14 , 1887- April 7 , 1971 ) was an American newspaper correspondent , born in Bloomington , Illinois .
Bartholomew Traheron ( 1510?--1558 ? ) was an English Protestant writer and Marian exile .
David Schley Schaff ( 17 October 1852 , Mercersburg , Pennsylvania -- 2 March 1941 , Winter Park , Florida ) was a United States Presbyterian clergyman , educator and pioneer of American football .
William Rupert McCourt CMG ( 1884 -- 17 February 1947 ) was an Australian public servant who served as Clerk of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Reuben Moulthrop ( 1763 - 1814 ) was an early American artist based in East Haven , Connecticut .
Thomas Bruce , 2nd Earl of Ailesbury and 3rd Earl of Elgin ( 1656 -- 16 December 1741 ) was the son of Robert Bruce , 2nd Earl of Elgin and Lady Diana Grey .
Edward William Cole , also known as ' E. W. Cole of the Book Arcade ' , ( 4 January 1832 -- 16 December 1918 ) was a bookseller and founder of the Book Arcade , Melbourne , Australia .
Povilas Višinskis ( 28 June 1875 , Ušnėnai , Kovno Governorate -- 23 April 1906 , Berlin ) was a Lithuanian writer , journalist , theatre director , and politician .
Pasang Lhamu Sherpa ( Nepali : पासाङ ल्हामु शेर्पा ; 10 December 1961 -- 22 April 1993 ) was the first Nepalese woman to climb the summit of Mount Everest .
Mohammad Jan Abdullah Wardak ( 1954 or 1955 -- 13 September 2008 ) was an Afghan politician and former Mujahideen commander .
Steven Groák ( 1944 - -1998 ) was head of research and development at Ove Arup Partnership in London , UK from 1990 - 1998 .
Crazy Lou ( died 1886 ) was the pseudonym of a New York showgirl and prostitute who was a well - known personality in the Bowery during the late 19th century .
John Micallef ( 1923 - -2003 ) was a Maltese minor philosopher .
Edward Holdsworth ( 1684 - -1746 ) was an English classical scholar , known as a neo - Latin poet .
Han Snel ( 1925 - -1998 ) was a famous Dutch painter born in Scheveningen , who moved to Indonesia in the 1940s to paint the island of Bali .
The Reverend Robinson Duckworth DD , CVO , VD , ( 4 December 1834 -- 20 September 1911 ) was present in the original boating expedition of 4 July 1862 during which Alice 's Adventures were first told by Lewis Carroll ( Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) .
Charles Kingsley Adams CBE FBA ( 17 June 1899 -- 19 January 1971 ) was director , Keeper and Secretary of the National Portrait Gallery from 1951 to 1964 He was made CBE in 1954 and was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries .
Xiao Yu ( 574 - -647 ) , courtesy name Shiwen , posthumously known as Duke Zhenbian of Song , was an imperial prince of the Liang dynasty who later became an official under the Sui and Tang dynasties .
Kurt Kaiser ( 3 November 1906 -- 24 May 1970 ) , better known as Sydney John Kay , was a German - born composer , musician and theatre entrepreneur .
Sharof Rashidovich Rashidov ( in Cyrillic Uzbek : Шароф Рашидович Рашидов ; in Russian : Шараф Рашидович Рашидов Sharaf Rashidovich Rashidov ) ( 6 November ( O.S. 24 October ) 1917 -- 31 October 1983 ) was a Communist Party leader in the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic and a CPSU Central Committee Politbureau candidate member between 1961 and 1983 .
William Bankier ( 10 December 1870 -- 4 September 1949 ) billed as ' Apollo , the Scottish Hercules ' , was an early bodybuilder and strongman stage performer who in 1915 and 1919 was also ' King Rat ' of the showbusiness charity the Grand Order of Water Rats .
Panagiotis Pavlidis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Παυλίδης ; died 1968 ) was a Greek shooter .
Éamon a Búrc ( 1866 - -1942 ) was a tailor and Irish storyteller or seanchaí .
Jan Mul ( 20 September 1911 - 30 December 1971 ) was a Dutch composer , mainly of church music .
Gerry O'Sullivan ( 1 April 1936 -- 5 August 1994 ) was an Irish Labour Party politician from Cork .
William Bouverie , 1st Earl of Radnor FRS ( 26 February 1725 -- 28 January 1776 ) was a British peer , styled Hon . William Bouverie from 1747 until 1761 .
Sir Edmund Frederick Du Cane ( 1830 - -1903 ) was an English major - general of the Royal Engineers and prison administrator .
Ludwig Haetzer ( also Ludwig Hetzer , Ludwig Hätzer and sometimes Ludwig Hatzer ) ( 1500 -- 4 February 1529 ) was an Anabaptist .
Edele Jernskjæg ( died 1512 ) was a Danish noble , courtier and the royal mistress of King John I of Denmark .
Sir Manasseh Meyer ( 1843 - -1930 ) was a British businessman and philanthropist who was a benefactor to the Jewish community in Singapore .
Sir John Dineley - Goodere , 5th Baronet ( 1729 - -1809 ) was an English eccentric .
Ivan Noble ( June 1967 -- 31 January 2005 ) was a British journalist who worked for BBC News Online and became well known for his diary documenting his fight against cancer .
Saint Carláen ( also called Cairlan , Carlan , Cairellán , Caurlan , Caerlan , Cáerlan , Cairlaene , Carillan , Cairlén , Ciarlaech , Cayrlan , Cairlani ) ( c. 530 -- 24 March 588 ) was the Bishop of Armagh , Ireland from 578 to 588 .
Antonina Makarova ( née Parfenova , Ginsburg by marriage , Russian : Антонина Макарова , 1921 -- 11 August 1979 ) was a Soviet war criminal and executioner who collaborated with the Nazis during World War II . From 1942 to 1943 she executed some 1,500 Soviet partisans and their family members by machine gun .
Arthur J. Frawley ( c. 1899 -- November 1969 ) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 41st and 44th Mayors of Lynn , Massachusetts .
John Harington , 2nd Baron Harington ( 1328 - 1363 ) of Aldingham in Furness , Lancashire , was an English peer , who inherited the title Baron Harington in 1347 on the death of his grandfather John Harington , 1st Baron Harington ( 1281 - -1347 ) .
Jerzy Strzałka ( 28 March 1933 -- 13 October 1976 ) was a Polish fencer .
Colonel Sir John Luke Lowther KCVO CBE ( 17 November 1923 -- 11 April 2011 ) was a British soldier and Northamptonshire gentleman .
Jaime de Angulo ( 1887 - -1950 ) was a linguist , novelist , and ethnomusicologist in the western United States .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Thomas Wolseley Haig KCIE CSI CMG CBE ( 7 August 1865 -- 28 April 1938 ) was a civil servant in British India , then Professor at Trinity College , Dublin , and later a Scottish herald .
Cheomhae of Silla ( r. 247 - 261 , died 261 ) , often known by his title Cheomhae Isageum , was the twelfth ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Major Dr John Elsdale Molson TD ( 1863 - 1925 ) was a Canadian - born British Conservative politician and member of the Molson family of Montreal that started the famous Molson brewery .
Sir Charles Arundell ( died 9 December 1587 ) , was an English gentleman , lord of the manor of South Petherton , Somerset , notable as an early Roman Catholic recusant and later as a leader of the English exiles in France .
Johannes Lundson ( 12 October 1867 , Leppävirta -- 11 August 1939 , Salo ) was a Finnish politician from Young Finnish Party .
Sir William Langhorne , 1st Baronet ( c. 1631 -- 26 February 1715 ) was the Agent of Madras from January 1670 to 27 January 1678 .
Lawrence Daly ( 20 October 1924 -- 23 May 2009 ) was a coal miner , trade unionist and political activist .
Ivor Rees VC ( 18 October 1893 -- 11 March 1967 ) was a Welsh recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to members of the British and Commonwealth forces .
Sir Alfred Jodrell , 4th Baronet ( 1847 - 1929 ) was the fourth and last of the Jodrell Baronets , assuming the title in 1882 .
Mikhail Mikhaylovich Gerasimov ( Russian : Михаи́л Миха́йлович Гера́симов ) ( 2 September 1907 -- 21 July 1970 ) was a renowned Soviet archaeologist and anthropologist who developed the first technique of forensic sculpture based on findings of anthropology , archaeology , paleontology , and forensic science .
Ofusato ( 承察度 ) ( 1337 - -1398 ) was the first king of Nanzan , a kingdom in the southernmost end of Okinawa Island .
John Karl Hillers ( 1843 , Hanover , Germany -- 1925 ) was an American government photographer .
James Hemings ( 1765 -- 1801 ) was an American mixed - race slave owned and freed by Thomas Jefferson .
Frederick Samuel Wallis ( 22 November 1857 -- 13 November 1939 ) was a trade unionist and politician in the state of South Australia .
Albert Spaier ( 9 July 1883 -- 5 February 1934 ) was a French philosopher , professor of philosophy at the University of Caen .
James de Audley ( 1220 -- 1272 ) , or James de Aldithel and Alditheley , was an English baron .
Lawrence Carra ( 1909 - - March 30 , 2006 ) was an American professor of drama at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA .
Medicine Arrows ( real name Rock Forehead or Stone Forehead ) ( c.1795 - -1876 ) was a Cheyenne chief and Keeper of the Medicine Arrows from 1850 until his death .
Pavao Ritter Vitezović ( Croatian pronunciation : ( pâʋao rîter ʋitěːzoʋitɕ ) ; 7 January 1652 -- 20 January 1713 ) was a noted Habsburg - Croatian writer , diplomat , and expansionist advocate .
Sir Fergus McMaster ( 3 May 1879 -- 8 August 1950 ) was an Australian businessman and aviation pioneer .
Sir John Jardine , 1st Baronet ( 27 September 1844 -- 26 April 1919 ) was Liberal MP for Roxburghshire from 1906 to 1918 .
Henry Hugh Clutton ( 12 July 1850 -- 9 November 1909 ) was an English surgeon who described painless symmetrical hydrarthrosis ( an accumulation of water in the cavity of a joint ) , especially of the knee joints : seen in hereditary syphilis .
Orlando Whistlecraft ( 11 November 1810 -- 3 March 1893 ) was an early English meteorologist who was born and died in the Eastern England village of Thwaite , Suffolk .
Joseph Vickers de Ville ( 1856 - -1925 ) was an English painter of landscapes and rural subjects .
Julius Katz ( March 9 , 1925 , New York , NY -- 1999 ) was United States Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs , appointed by President Ford .
Chi - Chien Wang ( Chinese : 王己千 ; pinyin : Wáng Jǐqiān ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Chi - chien ; 1907 -- July 3 , 2003 ) , better known as C. C. Wang , was a Chinese - born artist and art collector based in New York City .
John Cameron Peddie , ( 1887 -- 1968 ) known as `` J Cameron Peddie '' , was born on 16 May 1887 at Conland , Forgue , Aberdeenshire .
Jane Harriett Walker CH ( 24 October 1859 -- 7 November 1938 ) was an English medical doctor who first implemented the open - air method of treating tuberculosis in England .
Zayd ibn Harithah ( Arabic : زيد بن حارثة‎ ) or Zayd mawla Muhammad ( c. 581 -- 629 CE ) was a companion of Muhammad who was at one stage regarded as his ( adoptive ) son .
Westgarth Forster ( 1772 , Garrigill - 1835 , Garrigill ) was a geologist , mineralogist , and mining engineer .
Ernest Melville DuPorte ( 24 October 1891 - 31 July 1981 ) was a Canadian entomologist best known for his research in insect morphology .
Pasquale Ricca ( Civezza , 1854 - 1910 ) was an Italian painter , with an eclectic output of portraits , genre , still - life , seascape , and landscape subjects .
Liu Yizheng ( 柳詒徵 ) ( 1880 - -1956 ) was a Chinese modern historian , calligrapher , librarian , cultural scholar , educator and academic leader .
Ann George ( 5 March 1903 -- 8 September 1989 ) was a British actress best known for her role as Amy Turtle in the television soap opera Crossroads .
Lucebert ( /ˈluːtʃᵻbɛərt/ ; Lubertus Jacobus Swaanswijk ; 15 September 1924 -- 10 May 1994 ) was a Dutch artist who first became known as the poet of the COBRA movement .
Rajendra Krishan ( 6 June 1919 -- 23 September 1987 ) also credited as Rajinder Krishan , was an Indian poet , lyricist and screenwriter .
Reverend George Wilson Bridges ( 1788 - -1863 ) was a writer , photographer and Anglican cleric .
Martin Johann Schmidt , called Kremser Schmidt or Kremserschmidt , ( 25 September 1718 - 28 June 1801 ) , was one of the outstanding Austrian painters of the late Baroque / Rococo along with Franz Anton Maulbertsch .
Al - Malik al - Amjad Bahramshah was the Ayyubid emir of Baalbek between 1182 - 1230 ( 578 - 627 AH ) .
Laurie Gallagher ( 11 June 1924 -- 12 December 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Kūya ( 空也)(903 - 972 ) was an itinerant Japanese priest who , along with Genshin and Jakushin , was an early promoter of the practice of the nembutsu amongst the common people in order to attain salvation and entry into the Pure land of Amida .
Michel Honoré Bounieu ( 1740 - -1814 ) was a French painter of historical and genre subjects , and a mezzotint engraver .
Ray Harry ( 11 August 1909 -- 25 October 1991 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Arnoldus Clapmarius ( real surname Klapmeier , also known as Arnold Clapmar ) ( 1574 - -1604 ) was a German academic , jurist and humanist , known for his writings on statecraft .
Thorvald Meyer ( 23 September 1818 -- 3 February 1909 ) was a Norwegian businessman who built his fortune primarily on real estate development in Oslo , but also forestry .
Nana Asma'u ( full name : Nana Asma’u bint Shehu Usman dan Fodiyo , Arabic : نانا أسماء بنت عثمان فودي‎ ; 1793 - -1864 ) was a princess , poet , teacher , and daughter of the founder of the Sokoto Caliphate , Usman dan Fodio .
Tomislav Sertić ( 21 December 1902 -- 27 September 1945 ) was a member of the Croatian World War II Ustaše regime in charge of the Independent State of Croatia during World War II . He was born in Udbina on 21 December 1902 .
Luo Mu ( 1622 - -1706 ) was a painter , poet and prose writer born in Jiangxi .
Joseph Clinton Robertson ( c.1787 - -1852 ) , pseudonym Sholto Percy , was a Scottish patent agent , writer and periodical editor .
Art Brenner ( 1924 - 2013 ) was an American abstract sculptor and painter .
Fernande Caroen ( 27 July 1920 , Ostend -- 16 April 1998 , Ostend ) was a Belgian freestyle swimmer .
Patricia Preece ( January 1894 -- June 1966 ) , born Ruby Vivian Preece , was an English artist associated with the Bloomsbury Group and the second wife of painter Stanley Spencer , for whom she modelled .
Berthold of Reichenau ( died probably in 1088 ) was a Benedictine monk and chronicler of Reichenau Abbey .
Lanza del Vasto ( born Giuseppe Giovanni Luigi Maria Enrico Lanza di Trabia - Branciforte ; 29 September 1901 -- 5 January 1981 ) was a philosopher , poet , artist , catholic and nonviolent activist .
Narai ( Thai : นารายณ์ ; 1633 -- 11 July 1688 ) or Ramathibodi III ( รามาธิบดีที่ 3 ) or Ramathibodi Si Sanphet ( รามาธิบดีศรีสรรเพชญ ) was the king of Ayutthaya from 1656 to 1688 and arguably the most famous Ayutthayan king .
Giovanni Battista Montano ( 1534 - -1621 ) was an Italian architect , designer and engraver of primary importance as a recorder of Antique Roman architectural remains .
Canute Lavard ( Danish : Knud Lavard ) ( March 12 , 1096 -- 7 January 1131 ) was a Danish prince .
James Hamilton , 2nd Marquess of Hamilton and 4th Earl of Arran KG PC ( 1589 -- 2 March 1625 ) , styled Lord Aven from 1599 to 1604 , was a Scottish politician .
Phil Hunt ( 10 January 1884 - 9 June 1946 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Elizabeth Henry Campbell Russell ( 1749 - -1825 ) , a sister of Patrick Henry , was born in Hanover County , Virginia , to John Henry and Sarah Winston .
P. Chendur Pandian ( 1949 or 1950 -- 11 July 2015 ) was an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Kadayanallur constituency .
Vera Scantlebury Brown OBE ( 7 August 1889 -- 14 July 1946 ) was an Australian medical practitioner and pediatrician in Victoria , Australia .
Ephraim London died in New York City on 12 June 1990 from complications from diabetes .
Jennifer F. M. Horne ( died 5 October 2008 in Nanyuki , Kenya ) also known as Jenny Horne or after her marriage as Jennifer Horne - Short was a Kenyan ornithologist and bioacoustican .
Gerard Thomas ( 1663 - -1721 ) was a late Flemish Baroque painter who specialized in studio and picture gallery interiors .
Jijeung of Silla ( 437 - -514 ) ( r.500 - 514 ) was the 22nd ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Ann Howe ( c.1802 - -1842 ) was a newspaper proprietor in the colony of New South Wales who published a paper which vigorously supported the liberal Governor Richard Bourke and represented the emancipist ( ex - convict ) voice .
Kalman J. Cohen ( c. 1932 -- 12 September 2010 ) was an American economist and among the pioneers of studying market microstructure .
Maelgwn ap Rhys ( c. 1170 - -1230 ) was prince of part of the kingdom of Deheubarth in south west Wales .
John A. Daniel ( c.1931 - 2011 ) ( aka John Daniels ) was magician and a collector and dealer of magician memorabilia , Baranger Motion machines , vintage electric trains , toys , antique carousels and other collectibles .
Maria Perosino ( 10 December 1961 -- 16 June 2014 ) was an Italian author and art historian .
Guillaume de Morlaye ( c. 1510-c . 1558 ) was a French Renaissance era lutenist , composer and music publisher .
Little Turkey ( 1758 - -1801 ) was First Beloved Man of the Cherokee people , becoming , in 1794 , the first Principal Chief of the original Cherokee Nation .
Marguerite Joly ( 1637 - 19 December 1681 ) was a professional French poisoner .
Rhoda Bulter ( 15 July 1929 -- 1994 ) , Shetland author , is one of the best - known Shetland poets of recent times .
Fu Deng ( Chinese : 苻登 ; 343 - -394 ) was an emperor of the Chinese / Di state Former Qin .
Tor Hagfors ( 18 December 1930 -- 17 January 2007 ) was a Norwegian scientist , radio astronomer , radar expert and a pioneer in the studies of the interactions between electromagnetic waves and plasma .
Dharmasthala Ratnavarma Heggade was an Indian philanthropist , educationist and legislator who is best known for being the hereditary administrator(Dharmadhikari ) of the Dharmasthala Manjunatha Temple from 1955 to 1968 .
Andrew Blain Baird died in Rothesay , Isle of Bute Scotland on 9 September 1951 .
Pierre Julien ( 20 June 1731 -- 17 December 1804 ) was a French sculptor who worked in a full range of rococo and neoclassical styles .
Basil Montagu ( 24 April 1770 -- 27 November 1851 ) was a British jurist , barrister , writer and philanthropist .
Karl Pohlig ( 10 February 1864 -- 17 June 1928 ) was a German Bohemian conductor born in Teplitz , Bohemia , Austrian Empire .
Francis Lucy ( born ca . 1600 -- 1687 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1624 to 1629 .
Eduard Raimund Baierlein ( 29 April 1819 , Posen -- 12 October 1901 ) was a German Lutheran missionary .
Hugh C. Robertson , ( 1845 - -1908 ) , was an American studio potter who is the first recognized potter to have worked with nonrepresentational ceramic decoration glazes .
Chandrakant Sardeshmukh ( died 15 August 2011 ) was a Hindustani classical sitar player of the Maihar Gharana ( school ) .
José Dapena Laguna , ( 28 July 1912 - 20 September 1991 ) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico in 1956 .
Maria Magdalena Mathsdotter ( 21 March 1835 -- 31 March 1873 ) was a Swedish Sami who in 1864 took the initiative to the foundation of schools for Sami children in Lapland .
Janet Horne ( died 1727 ) was an alleged witch from Scotland , and the last person to be executed for witchcraft in the British Isles .
Archibald Campbell , 9th Earl of Argyll ( 26 February 1629 -- 30 June 1685 ) was a Scottish peer .
John Buddle ( 15 September 1773 -- 10 October 1843 ) was a prominent self - made mining engineer and entrepreneur in North East England .
Æthelmær the Stout or Æthelmær Cild ( died 1015 ) was ealdorman of the western provinces ( or south - western England ) from c. 1005 to 1015 .
Baron Frederick Joseph Eugene de Kleist ( January 18 , 1853 -- 1911 ) , was a pioneering German organ builder , who in founding the North Tonawanda Barrel Organ Factory , started the American style of Band organs .
Josep Cusachs i Cusachs ( 1851 , Montpellier - 1908 , Barcelona ) was a Catalonian soldier and painter .
Sir Peter Probie ( died March 1625 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at times between 1593 and 1598 .
Carl Gotthard Langhans ( 15 December 1732 -- 1 October 1808 ) was a Prussian builder and architect .
James Arbuckle ( 1700 -- 1742 ? ) was an Irish poet and critic , associated politically with Presbyterianism and Whiggism .
Orpha - F. Deveaux ( July 24 , 1872 -- December 1933 ) was an American organist , pianist , and music educator .
Rudolph I , Count Palatine of Tübingen ( 1160 -- 17 March 1219 ) was the eldest son of Count Palatine Hugo II of Tübingen .
Allen Turner ( 24 October 1891 -- 7 January 1961 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Derbyshire in 1920 .
Nshan Beshiktashlian ( Armenian : Նշան Պէշիկթաշլեան , born in Istanbul , Ottoman Empire , 1898 - died Paris , France , 1972 ) was an Armenian poet , writer , satirist , and novelist .
Virna Pieralisi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈvirna pjeraˈliːzi ) ; 8 November 1936 -- 18 December 2014 ) , better known as Virna Lisi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈvirna ˈliːzi ) ) , was an Italian actress .
Samo founded the first recorded political union of Slavic tribes , known as Samo 's Empire ( realm , kingdom , or tribal union ) , stretching from Silesia to present - day Slovenia , ruling from 623 until his death in 658 .
Ernst Mayer ( 24 June 1796 -- 21 January 1844 ) was a German sculptor in the classical style .
Dashrath Manjhi ( c. 1934 -- 17 August 2007 ) , also known as `` Mountain Man '' , was a poor labourer in Gehlaur village , near Gaya in Bihar , India , who carved a path 360 ft long , 30 ft wide and 25 ft high through a hillock using only a hammer and chisel .
Oliver Eaton Cromwell Jr. ( 1892 - -1987 ) was an American mountain climber who made many first ascents in the Canadian Rockies and was a member of the 1939 K2 expedition .
William Suhr ( born March 31 , 1896 Kreutzberg - 2003 ) was an American art conservator , and conservator of the Frick Collection , from 1935 to 1977 .
John George Dodson , 1st Baron Monk Bretton PC ( 18 October 1825 -- 25 May 1897 ) , known before 1884 as John George Dodson , was a British Liberal politician .
Leonor de La Guerra y Vega Ramírez ( died 1816 ) was a heroine of the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Washington Shirley , 8th Earl Ferrers ( 13 November 1760 -- 2 October 1842 ) , styled Hon . Washington Shirley from 1778 to 1827 , was a British nobleman .
James Buckley Stringer Davis , generally known as Stringer Davis ( 4 June 1899 -- 29 August 1973 ) , was an English character actor on the stage and in films and a British army officer who served in both World Wars .
Catherine Helen Spence ( 31 October 1825 -- 3 April 1910 ) was a Scottish - born Australian author , teacher , journalist , politician , leading suffragist , and Georgist .
Roy Suarez Garcia ( 1945 - -2003 ) AKA `` Chicano Roy '' was an American motorcycle builder and inventor .
Iain McColl ( 27 January 1954 -- 4 July 2013 ) was a Scottish film and television actor , best known for his roles on British television series .
Erik Harry Stenqvist ( 25 December 1893 -- 9 December 1968 ) was a Swedish road racing cyclist .
John Trilleck ( died 20 November 1360 ) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford .
Simon Brome , Brown or Browne ( died 1603 ) , of St. Andrew 's , Canterbury , Kent , was an English politician .
Yang Yin ( 楊愔 ) ( 511 - -560 ) , courtesy name Zhunyan ( 遵彦 ) , nickname Qinwang ( 秦王 ) , was a high - level official of the Chinese dynasty Northern Qi .
Peter dalle Carceri ( Italian : Pietro dalle Carceri , died 1340 ) was a Triarch of Euboea and Baron of Arcadia .
Una Padel OBE ( 21 July 1956 -- 29 August 2006 ) was a British criminal - justice reformer , known for her work in penal reform .
Salomon Mesdach ( c.1600 -- 1632 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Per Larssen ( 11 June 1881 -- 21 October 1947 ) was Norwegian Minister of Trade 1931 - 1932 in Kolstad 's Cabinet .
Yunus Khan ( c. 1416 - -1487 ) ( Uyghur : يونس خان‎ ) , was Khan of Moghulistan from 1462 until his death .
Wen Jiao ( 溫嶠 ) ( 288 - -329 ) , courtesy name Taizhen ( 太真 ) , formally Duke Zhongwu of Shi'an ( 始安忠武公 ) , was a renowned Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) general and governor .
Helmut Vetter ( 21 March 1910 - 2 February 1949 ) was an SS - Hauptsturmführer and a Nazi war criminal .
Victor Bernau ( 14 January 1890 -- 13 May 1939 ) was a Norwegian singer , actor and theatre director .
Strachkvas ( Kristián ) ( September 28 , 929 or 935 , Prague - 996 , Prague ) was a prince of Bohemia , son of Boleslav I and brother of Boleslav II , all members of the Přemyslid dynasty .
Sir Thomas Percival Creed KBE MC KC ( 29 January 1897 -- 11 May 1969 ) was a lawyer and educationist .
Fu Yi ( Chinese : 傅奕 ; pinyin : Fù Yì ; Wade -- Giles : Fu I ; 554−639 ) was a Sui dynasty official who later became historiographer during the reign of Emperor Gaozu of the Tang dynasty .
Friedrich Wilms ( 19 April 1848 Münster , Westphalia - 2 March 1919 Berlin - Steglitz ) , was a German apothecary , botanical collector and traveller .
Jostein Nyhamar ( 23 September 1922 -- 30 July 1993 ) was a Norwegian magazine editor , biographer and politician for the Labour Party .
Alfred Dubucand ( 25 November 1828 -- 1894 ) was a French animalier sculptor of the 19th century .
Declan Flynn was an Irish gay man attacked and killed in Fairview Park in Dublin on 9 September 1982 .
Joseph Cundall ( 22 September 1818 Norwich -- 10 January 1895 Wallington , London ) , was a Victorian English writer under the pseudonym of `` Stephen Percy '' , a pioneer photographer and London publisher of children 's books .
Robert Seymour Conway ( 1864 -- 1933 ) was a British classical scholar and comparative philologist .
Claude Lorrain ( French : ( klod lɔ.ʁɛ̃ ) ; born Claude Gellée ( ʒəle ) , dit le Lorrain ; traditionally just Claude in English ; c. 1600 -- 23 November 1682 ) was a French painter , draughtsman and engraver of the Baroque era .
Jemima Yorke , 2nd Marchioness Grey and Countess of Hardwicke ( 9 October 1723 -- 10 January 1797 ) was a British peeress .
Menzies Dickson ( ca . 1840 -- 1891 ) was a photographer in Hawaii .
Wiktor Budzyński ( Lithuanian : Viktoras Budzinskis ) , born March 7 , 1888 in the village of Eustachow near Vilkaviškis , died 1976 in Puszczykowo near Poznań , was an ethnic Polish politician , active in the interbellum period in the Republic of Lithuania .
Augustus Daniel Imms FRS ( 14 August 1880 , Moseley , Worcestershire -- 3 April 1949 Tipton St. John near Sidmouth , Devon ) was an English educator , research institution administrator and entomologist .
Ida Königsmarck ( died 1450 ) , was a Swedish noble and fief - holder , known for her legendary defense of Kastelholm Castle on Åland in Swedish Finland during the Engelbrekt rebellion in 1433 .
Edward Vason Jones ( August 3 , 1909 -- October 1 , 1980 ) , a neoclassical architect and member of the Georgia School of Classicism , began his career in 1936 with the design and construction of the Gillionville Plantation near his hometown of Albany , Georgia .
Saints Rufus and Zosimus ( died 107 AD ) are 2nd century Christian martyrs venerated by the Roman Catholic and the Eastern Orthodox churches .
Karoline Bjørnson ( née Reimers , 1 December 1835 -- 27 June 1934 ) was a Norwegian actress .
Franz Joseph II , Prince of Liechtenstein ( Franz Josef Maria Aloys Alfred Karl Johannes Heinrich Michael Georg Ignaz Benediktus Gerhardus Majella ; 16 August 1906 -- 13 November 1989 ) was the Sovereign Prince of Liechtenstein from 1938 until his death .
Louis Masreliez ( 1748 -- 19 March 1810 ) , born Adrien Louis Masreliez , was a Swedish painter and interior designer .
Ralph de Monthermer , 1st Baron Monthermer , Earl of Gloucester , Hertford and Atholl ( c. 1270 - 5 April 1325 ) was an English nobleman .
Venerable Francesco Antonio Marcucci ( 27 November 1717 -- 12 July 1798 ) was a Roman Catholic Italian bishop and a member of the Secular Franciscan Order .
Major General Sir Jeremiah Bryant CB ( 1783 - 10 June 1845 ) was a British Army officer in the Bengal Army .
Giuseppe Lucatelli ( 1751 - 1828 ) was an Italian painter and architect , active in a Neoclassical style .
Orazio Farinati ( 1559 - -1616 ) was a late Mannerist Italian painter .
Carlos Wiesse Portocarrero ( 1859 - -1945 ) was a Peruvian scholar and historian .
Sir George Mellish ( 19 December 1814 -- 15 June 1877 ) was an English barrister , judge of the Court of Appeal in Chancery , and member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council .
Werner Zerweck ( 14 March 1899 in Munich -- 10 September 1965 ) was a German chemist , inventor and industrial leader , who served as CEO of the chemical and pharmaceutical company Cassella from 1953 to 1963 .
George Skene ( 9 May 1749 -- 27 April 1825 ) , of Skene , was a Scottish soldier and politician .
Lalit Chandra Nath ( Assamese : ললিত চন্দ্ৰ নাথ ) popularly known as Lalit Oja or Lalit Chandra Nath Oja ( 1923 - 21 October 2013 ) was a notable person from Assam .
Maria Anna Fesemayr ( sometimes spelled Fesemayer ) ( 1743 - -1782 ) was a Salzburg court singer , who sang in Mozart 's Die Schuldigkeit des ersten Gebots and created the role of Ninetta in his La finta semplice .
James Sadleir ( c. 1815 -- 4 June 1881 ) was a member ( MP ) of the British House of Commons , chiefly notable for being one of the few members expelled by that body .
Ștefan Răzvan ( died December 1595 ) was a Voivode ( Prince ) of Moldavia ( between 24 April 1595 and August 1595 ) of Romani descent from the historical Romanian state of Wallachia .
Jan Gruter or Gruytère , Latinized as Janus Gruterus ( 3 December 1560 -- 20 September 1627 ) , was a Flemish - born philologist , scholar , and librarian .
Jovan Šević or Ivan Šević ( Serbian : Јован Шевић , Russian : Иван Егорович Шевич ; died c. 1764 ) was an 18th - century military officer of Serb origin .
René Thirifays ( 8 October 1920 - -17 October 1986 ) was a Belgian football player who finished top scorer of the Belgian League with 26 goals in 1949 while playing for Sporting Charleroi .
Kusumavati Deshpande ( Devanagari : कुसुमावती देशपांडे ) ( 1904 - -1961 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Diarmuid Mac Bruideadha ( Brody ) , Irish poet , died 1563 .
Raymond Kirsch ( 18 January 1942 - 11 March 2013 ) was a Luxembourgian businessman , economist , and administrator .
Sir Edward Hoare , 2nd Baronet ( 14 March 1745 - 30 April 1814 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician .
Johan Nicolay Tønnessen ( 30 November 1901 -- 27 December 1987 ) was a Norwegian historian and schoolteacher .
Edgar Rickard ( 1874 - -1951 ) was a mining engineer and lifelong confidant of U.S. President Herbert Hoover .
Francesco De Masi ( 11 January 1930 -- 6 November 2005 ) was an Italian conductor and film score composer .
Johann Walter , also known as Johann Walther or Johannes Walter ( original name : Johann Blankenmüller ) ( 1496 -- 25 March 1570 ) was a Lutheran composer and poet during the Reformation period .
Maurice Webster ( 12 November 1899 -- February 1978 ) was an English international footballer , who played as a centre half .
Thomas Prichard Rossiter ( 1818 -- 1871 ) was a 19th - century American artist known for his portraits and paintings of historical scenes .
Aasa Helgesen born Aasa Røinesdal ( 11 February 1877 -- 29 April 1968 ) was a Norwegian midwife and politician .
Lucio Quarantotto ( 1957 -- 31 July 2012 ) was an Italian songwriter best known for writing the lyrics for `` Con te partirò '' ( `` With you , I will leave '' ) , to music composed by Francesco Sartori for Andrea Bocelli .
Will Stuckey ( 27 July 1873 -- 21 September 1928 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
Warren Widener ( 1938 - 2013 ) was a former Mayor of Berkeley , California , and former member of the Alameda County Board of Supervisors .
( Alfred ) Melville Cook ( 18 June 1912 -- 22 May 1993 ) was a British organist , conductor , composer and teacher .
Jean Bouillon ( 20 December 1926 Uccle , Belgium - 31 March 2009 ) was a Belgian marine biologist and expert on Hydrozoa .
Michele Ridolfi ( Lucca 1795 -- Lucca , November 1 , 1854 ) was an Italian painter and art critic .
Marguerite Macé - Montrouge ( born Victoire Macé on 24 March 1836 , died 26 November 1898 in Paris ) , became a professional actress at the age of 14 , and was an early member of Offenbach 's troupe , before enjoying a long stage career in Paris and elsewhere .
Nathaniel Ryder , 1st Baron Harrowby ( 3 July 1735 -- 20 June 1803 ) was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Jackie Leven ( 18 June 1950 -- 14 November 2011 ) was a Scottish songwriter and folk musician .
Samuel Mullen ( 27 November 1828 -- 29 May 1890 ) was an Irish - born bookseller , active in Australia .
Ludwig Lorenz von Liburnau ( 26 August 1856 , Fiume - 9 December 1943 , St. Gilgen ) was an Austrian zoologist .
Nevdür Hanımefendi ( c. 1861 - c. 1927 , birth name Şadiye Nakaşvili , other names Nevdürr , Nev - Dürr , Noder ) was the wife of Sultan Murad V of the Ottoman Empire .
Waruhiu Itote ( 1922 -- 30 April 1993 ) also known as General China , was one of the key leaders of the Mau Mau rebellion alongside Dedan Kimathi , Stanley Mathenge and Musa Mwariama .
Lord Robert William Brian McConnell , Baron McConnell ( 25 November 1922 -- 25 October 2000 ) was an Ulster Unionist MP in the Northern Ireland House of Commons .
Christian Ignatius Borissow ( 4 April 1788 - 2 November 1867 ) was an expert on commerce and a teacher of languages with Finnish roots who immigrated to Great Britain before 1819 .
Sir Frederick Arthur Whitaker KCB , DEng ( 17 July 1893 -- 13 June 1968 ) was a British civil engineer .
Vojislav Korać ( 1924 - -2010 ) was a Yugoslav and Serbian historian on architecture , academic and professor .
Hermine Freed ( May 29 , 1940 New York City -- November 21 , 1998 New York City ) was an American painter and video artist .
Frans Molenaar ( Dutch pronunciation : ( frɑns ˈmoːləˌnaːr ) ; 11 May 1940 -- 9 January 2015 ) was a Dutch fashion designer .
Empress Dowager Ding ( 丁太后 , personal name unknown ) ( died 402 ) , formally Empress Xianyou ( 獻幽皇后 , literally `` the wise and lonely empress '' ) was an empress dowager of the Chinese / Xianbei state Later Yan .
Robert Mallet , FRS , MRIA ( 3 June 1810 -- 5 November 1881 ) , Irish geophysicist , civil engineer , and inventor who distinguished himself in research on earthquakes and is sometimes called the father of seismology .
Isaac Newton Phelps ( 1802 - -1888 ) was a New York dry goods merchant who , after retiring in 1853 , took up a second career in banking , brokerage and property .
Wilhelm von Kobell ( 6 April 1766 -- 15 July 1853 ) was a German artist , a painter , printmaker and teacher .
John Alan Coey ( 12 November 1950 -- 19 July 1975 ) was an American soldier who served in the Rhodesian Army as one of `` the Crippled Eagles '' , a loosely organised group of US expatriates fighting for the unrecognised government of Rhodesia ( today Zimbabwe ) during that country 's Bush War .
Saint Vicelinus ( also Vicelin , German : Vizelin ; 1086 -- December 12 , 1154 ) was a German bishop of Oldenburg in Holstein who was considered the apostle of Holstein .
José Yacopi ( Victoria , Spain , 28 December 1916 - -San Fernando , Argentina , 11 August 2006 ) was a Spanish , and later Argentinian luthier .
Wout Buitenweg ( 24 December 1893 -- 10 November 1976 ) was a Dutch football player scored 14 goals in 11 games for the Dutch national side .
Sir Francis Foljambe , 1st Baronet ( died 1640 ) was Member of Parliament for Pontefract in 1626 and High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1633 .
Emilio Fagot ( 2 February 1883 - 28 January 1946 ) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico from 1929 to 1933 .
Johann Heinrich Gossler ( born 28 March 1775 , died 3 April 1842 ) was a Hamburg banker and grand burgher , a member of the Berenberg - Gossler - Seyler banking dynasty , a co - owner ( from 1798 ) of the Berenberg Bank and a senator of Hamburg from 1821 .
Setske de Haan ( 24 November 1889 -- 31 October 1948 ) , better known by her pen name Cissy van Marxveldt , was a Dutch writer of children 's books .
Cvjetko Popović ( 1896 -- 9 June 1980 ) was a Bosnian Serb who was involved in the 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria .
James William Wallack ( c. 1794 - -1864 ) was an Anglo - American actor and manager , born in London , and brother of Henry John Wallack .
Daniel Kabiljo ( 6 March 1894 , Sarajevo -- 1944 , Jasenovac concentration camp ) was a Yugoslav Jews Sephardi artist .
Air Chief Commandant Dame Katherine Jane Trefusis Forbes , Lady Watson - Watt , DBE ( 21 March 1899 -- 18 June 1971 ) , known as Jane Trefusis Forbes , was a businesswoman and the first director of the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force ( 1939 - -43 ) .
Benoni Danks ( ca 1716 -- 1776 ) was a New England Ranger and political figure in Nova Scotia , and representative of Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1765 to 1770 .
Carl Rønneberg ( 10 August 1779 -- 29 January 1858 ) was a Norwegian merchant , ship owner and fish exporter .
Colonel Philip Pieterse Schuyler ( 1628 - 1683 ) was born in Amsterdam , Holland in the Republic of the Seven United Provinces , in 1628 as the son of Pieter Tjercks and Geertruyt Philips Van Schuylder .
Anthony Barnewall ( 1721 - -1739 ) , was an officer in the Austrian army .
Jack Bridger Chalker ( 10 October 1918 -- 15 November 2014 ) , was a British artist and teacher best known for his work recording the lives of the prisoners of war building the Burma Railway during World War Two .
Karl Gottlieb Guichard ( 1724 - -1775 ) also known as Quintus Icilius , was a soldier and military writer .
Thomas Gee ( 24 January 1815 - 28 September 1898 ) , was a Welsh Nonconformist preacher , journalist and publisher .
Friedrich August Rudolph Kolenati ( 12 September 1812 -- 17 July 1864 ) was a Czech - German botanist and zoologist active primarily in Prague and Brno .
Harold Douglas Ursell ( 1907 - -1969 ) was an English mathematician who is best known for Ursell function .
Mary Rae Knowling ( 21 October 1923 --31 January 2013 ) was a South African medical doctor , Anglican and philanthropist .
Rear - Admiral Charles Steevens ( ca . 1705 - 20 May 1761 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander - in - Chief of the East Indies Station .
Swaroop Kishen Reu ( 13 July 1930 -- 21 November 1992 ) was an Indian Test cricket umpire .
Theodosius Forrest ( 1728 -- 1784 ) was an English author , balladeer , playwright and lawyer .
Jean Negulesco ( born Ioan Negulescu ; 29 February 1900 ( O. S. ) -- 18 July 1993 ) was a Romanian - American film director and screenwriter .
Richard Bowyer Smith ( 2 September 1837 in London , England -- 4 February 1919 in Subiaco , Western Australia ) was an Australian inventor .
Thomas Gleadowe - Newcomen , 2nd Viscount Newcomen ( 18 September 1776 -- 15 January 1825 ) , known as The Honourable Sir Thomas Gleadowe - Newcomen , Bt , between 1807 and 1817 , was an Irish politician .
Adalbert Zuckschwerdt ( 1 January 1874 -- 1 July 1945 ) was captain ( Korvettenkapitän ) of the German raider SMS Cormoran , which sailed from the German colony of Tsingtao ( Qingdao today ) , China , until she finally docked was and interned at Guam by the Americans .
Vaithamanithi Mudumbai Kothainayaki Ammal ( 1 December 1901 -- 20 February 1960 ) was a Tamil writer , novelist and journalist who is remembered as the first woman to occupy the editorial board of a Tamil magazine .
Sydney Thompson Dobell ( 5 April 1824 -- 22 August 1874 ) was an English poet and critic , and a member of the so - called Spasmodic school .
Barbarina Brand , Lady Dacre ( née Ogle ; 1768 - -1854 ) , was an English poet , playwright , and translator .
Sir Muthu Coomaraswamy ( Tamil : முத்து குமாரசுவாமி ; 23 January 1834 -- 4 May 1879 ) was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer , writer and member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon .
Gunnar Emil Garfors ( 1900 - 1979 ) was a Norwegian poet from Ankenes near Narvik , but born in Skjomen .
Giancarlo Bigazzi ( 5 September 1940 -- 19 January 2012 ) was an Italian music producer and composer .
George Cadbury ( 19 September 1839 -- 24 October 1922 ) was the third son of John Cadbury , a Quaker who founded Cadbury 's cocoa and chocolate company .
Abdul Qavi Desnavi ( Urdu : عبدالقوى دسنوى , 1 November 1930 -- 7 July 2011‎ ) was an Indian Urdu language writer , critic , bibliographer , and linguist .
Sir Thomas Cookes , 2nd Baronet ( bap . 1648 -- 8 June 1701 ) , benefactor of Worcester College , Oxford , was the eldest son of Sir William Cookes , 1st Baronet , of Norgrove Court , Worcestershire , and his second wife , Mercy , née Dinely .
Thomas Beccon or Becon ( c. 1511 - -1567 ) was an English cleric and Protestant reformer from Norfolk .
Sir Roger Martin , 1st Baronet ( c. 1639 - 8 July 1712 ) was son of Richard Martin and Jane , daughter of Sir Henry Bedingfield of Oxborough .
Robert McQueen , Lord Braxfield ( 4 May 1722 -- 30 May 1799 ) was a Scottish advocate and judge .
Giovanni Spoldi ( died 1904 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in the Veneto , painting vedute of marine scenes .
Pietro Cavallini ( 1259 -- c. 1330 ) was an Italian painter and mosaic designer working during the late Middle Ages .
Hsien Wu ( 吳憲 , Simplified Chinese 吴宪 and Hanyu Pinyin Wú Xiàn ; 24 November 1893 - 8 August 1959 ) was a Chinese protein scientist .
Harold Baer Sr . ( 1905 - 1987 ) was a long - serving New York Supreme Court justice .
Commander Frank Gilbert Hackforth - Jones R.N. ( 1900 - -1982 ) was a British author of the mid 20th century .
Sam Brody ( 1907 - 1987 ) was a founding member of the Workers Film and Photo League , an independent organization founded in 1931 to produced and present films documenting the Great Depression from a Marxist perspective .
William Welwod ( 1578 - -1622 ) was a Scottish jurist who was the first to formulate the laws of the sea in an insular Germanic language .
Guido Dessauer ( 7 November 1915 -- 13 January 2012 ) was a German physicist , specialized in paper engineering , a business executive , writer , art collector , patron of arts , and academic .
Charles Gauthier ( 7 December 1831 -- 5 January 1891 ) was a French sculptor who was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur in 1872 .
Lin Qiaozhi ( Chinese : 林巧稚 ; pinyin : Lín Qiǎozhì ; Dec. 23 , 1901 -- Apr. 22 , 1983 ) was a Chinese physician , born in Gulangyu on December 23 , 1901 .
Heilwige Bloemardinne ( 1265 ? -- 23 August 1335 ) was a Christian mystic who lived in Brussels and was loosely associated with the Brethren of the Free Spirit .
Antoine Bournonville ( 19 May 1760 -- 11 January 1843 ) was a French ballet dancer , actor , singer and a choreographer , active in the Royal Swedish Ballet and the Royal Danish Ballet and eventually ballet master in the latter .
Derry Hayes ( c. 1928 -- March 2005 ) was an Irish sportsperson who played hurling with the Cork senior inter - county team in the 1950s .
Albert Blan ( born 13 January 1930 in Wigan , Lancashire , died 27 September 2015 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s , ' 50s and ' 60s playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Wigan ' A ' and Swinton .
Pope Stephen VI ( Latin : Stephanus VI ; died August 897 ) was Pope from 22 May 896 to his death in 897 .
Saint Begu ( died 31 October 690 ) was a nun and later became a saint from Hackness , Yorkshire ( Deira ) .
Cao Mao ( 241 - -260 ) , courtesy name Yanshi , was the fourth emperor of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Douglas Clyde Macintosh ( 1877 - -1948 ) was a theologian who did his graduate work at the University of Chicago and then joined Yale in 1909 , becoming an assistant professor of systematic theology .
Sir John Charles Fenton ( 5 May 1880 -- 3 January 1951 ) was a Scottish lawyer .
Trajko Prokopiev ( Macedonian : Трајко Прокопиев ; Kumanovo , Ottoman Empire , 6 November 1909 - Belgrade , Yugoslavia , 21 January 1979 ) was a Macedonian composer .
George Henry Stokes ( 22 June 1876 -- 19 April 1959 ) was a National Government and Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
John Corvinus ( Hungarian : Corvin János , Croatian : Ivaniš Korvin ; 2 April 1473 -- 12 October 1504 ) King of Bosnia ( 1495 - -1499 ) .
Slobodan Princip ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слободан Принцип ; May 25 , 1914 -- May , 1942 ) , nicknamed Seljo ( Сељо ) , was a Yugoslav Partisan fighter and the district staff chief of Partisan Sarajevo Oblast during World War II . He was posthumously awarded the Hero of Yugoslavia .
Prince Sisowath Ritharavong ( born on February 6 , 1935 -- 1975 ) was the father of Prince Sisowath Sararith , son of Prince Sisowath Sisura ( line of Prince Sisowath Essaravong ) .
Lilly Reich ( 16 June 1885 - -14 December 1947 ) was a German modernist designer .
Ralph Henry Carless Davis ( 7 October 1918 in Oxford -- 12 March 1991 in Oxford ) , always known publicly as R. H. C. Davis , was a British historian and educator specialising in the European Middle Ages .
Nasim Amrohvi or Naseem Amrohvi ( 1908 - -1987 ) Urdu:نسیم امروہوی , was an Urdu poet , philosopher , and lexicographer who was born as Syed Qaim Raza Taqvi on 24 August 1908 in Amroha , India .
Milton Lazarus ( born in 1898 or 1899 - died March 1 , 1955 ) was an American playwright and screenwriter .
Franz Johannsen ( May 4 , 1921 -- 2006 ) was a German sprint canoer who in the 1950s .
Professor James Halloran ( died 16 May 2007 ) was a British communication scholar known for his contribution for the establishment of the field of media studies in the United Kingdom .
Gebhard Moltke ( 20 February 1764 -- 20 December 1851 ) was a Danish nobleman and civil servant .
Sir ( Harry ) Vincent Lloyd - Jones ( 16 October 1901 -- 23 September 1986 ) was a Welsh barrister who later became a judge of the High Court .
Eugenie Duggan ( 1872 -- 2 November 1936 ) was a popular Australian stage actress .
Georg Sigl ( 13 January 1811 , Breitenfurt bei Wien - 9 May 1887 , Vienna ) was an Austrian mechanical engineer and entrepreneur .
Patricia Schartle Myrer ( 1923 - -2010 ) was an editor , literary agent and publishing executive based in New York City .
Isaac Arthur Pereyre ( 1863 - 1934 ) was a Jewish activist in Bayonne ( in Southern France ) , and a commandant in the French army .
Sir Thomas Gascoigne , 8th Baronet ( 7 March 1745 -- 11 February 1810 ) was born in Cambrai , the third son of Sir Edward Gascoigne , 6th Baronet and a member of the Gascoigne family .
Giuseppe Bertoloni ( 16 September 1804 in Sarzana -- 19 December 1874 in Bologna ) was an Italian botanist and entomologist .
William Byron , 4th Baron Byron ( 4 January 1669/70 -- 8 August 1736 ) was Gentleman of the Bedchamber to Prince George of Denmark .
Richard Hayley Lever ( 28 September 1875 -- 6 December 1958 ) was an Australian - American painter , etcher , lecturer and art teacher .
Scrope Berdmore D.D. ( 1708 - -1770 ) was an English clergyman .
Icewind Dale II is a role - playing video game developed by Black Isle Studios and published by Interplay Entertainment , released on August 27 , 2002 .
Might and Magic IX is a role - playing video game , the last developed by New World Computing for Microsoft Windows and released in 2002 by the 3DO Company .
World of Goo is a puzzle video game developed and published by independent game developer 2D Boy .
Track & Field II ( known in Japan as Konamik Sports in Seoul ) is a sequel to Track & Field created by Konami for the NES in 1988 .
The Multidimensional Personality Questionnaire ( MPQ ) is a personality test meant to measure normal personality developed by Auke Tellegen in 1982 .
Death by Degrees is an action - adventure game by Namco .
Amped 3 is a snowboarding game , the third installment of the Amped sports game franchise , developed by Indie Built/2 K Sports and released on November 22 , 2005 .
Super Monaco GP ( スーパーモナコGP ) is a Formula One racing simulation video game released by Sega , originally as a Sega X Board arcade game in 1989 , followed by ports for multiple video game consoles and home computers in the early 1990s .
Killing Floor 2 is a first - person shooter video game developed by Tripwire Interactive .
Dirt Track Racing 2 ( DTR2 ) is a video game by the now defunct Ratbag Games .
Sub - Terrania is a multidirectional shooter developed by Zyrinx and published by Scavenger , Inc ..
Coincident with that , the PhoneGap code was contributed to the Apache Software Foundation to start a new project called Apache Cordova .
Bang Attack is a video game for WiiWare developed by Netherlands - based Engine Software .
Witchaven is a fantasy first - person shooter video game with action role - playing game elements , developed by Capstone Software and published by Intracorp Entertainment in 1995 .
The Adreno series of graphics processing units ( GPUs ) are semiconductor intellectual property cores developed by Qualcomm and used in a variety of their SoCs .
Rampage Puzzle Attack is a puzzle game for Game Boy Advance , developed by Finnish development house Ninai Games and published by Midway Games .
Mobile Forces is a first - person shooter computer game developed by Rage Software and published by Majesco using the first generation of the Unreal Engine .
The Bible Game is a Christian - themed party game developed by Crave Entertainment .
H2Overdrive is a powerboat arcade racing game developed by Specular Interactive and released in 2009 by Raw Thrills .
Wonder World Amusement Park is a video game for seventh generation consoles developed by Coyote Console and published by Majesco Entertainment .
Army Attack is a social networking strategy video game developed by Digital Chocolate .
A-10 Attack ! is a combat flight simulator for the Apple Macintosh computer released by Parsoft Interactive in 1995 .
X - Plane Airliner is a game for the iOS and WebOS developed and published by Laminar Research .
Total Annihilation is a real - time strategy video game created by Cavedog Entertainment , a sub - division of Humongous Entertainment , and released on September 30 , 1997 by GT Interactive for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS . It was the first real - time strategy game to feature 3D units and terrain .
Football Manager is a series of football management simulation games developed by Sports Interactive and published by Sega .
Spyglass Board Games is a video game developed by independent software developers Freeverse Software and Strange Flavour for the Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Arcade service .
Word Rescue is an educational platform game written by Karen Crowther ( Chun ) of Redwood Games and released by Apogee Software in March , 1992 .
Flimbo 's Quest is a 2D platform game published by British publishing house System 3 ( later renamed to Studio 3 Interactive ) for the Commodore 64 , Amiga , Atari ST and Amstrad CPC .
Jump Raven was the second game released by Cyberflix , in 1994 .
Voice Fantasy is a 2010 action game developed and published by Square Enix and released for the Apple iOS platforms .
Game of Thrones Ascent is a strategy video game developed by Disruptor Beam for iPad , Facebook , Kongregate .
Under Defeat is a shoot 'em up arcade game by G.rev .
Amazing Tater ( known in Japan as Puzzle Boy II ( パズルボーイII ) ) is a puzzle video game for the Game Boy from Atlus .
Machines at War is a real - time strategy video game developed by Isotope 244 .
KnightShift , also known as Polanie II and Once Upon a Knight , is a real - time strategy and role - playing video game hybrid developed by Reality Pump Studios and released by Topware Interactive for the PC Windows and OS X in 2003 .
Simon the Sorcerer is an adventure game that was released by Adventure Soft on 2 January 1993 for Amiga and DOS formats .
Heart of China is a 1991 adventure game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra On - line .
The CMU Pronouncing Dictionary ( also known as CMUdict ) is an open source pronouncing dictionary originally created by the Speech Group at Carnegie Mellon University ( CMU ) for use in speech recognition research .
Winning Post 7 Maximum 2008 ( ウイニングポスト7 マキシマム2008 ) is a multiplatform horse racing simulator published by Koei for the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Wii and Microsoft Windows It was released only in Japan on March 13 , 2008 .
Twin Cobra , released in Japan as Kyukyoku Tiger ( 究極タイガー Kyūkyoku Taigā ) , is a 1987 helicopter - themed shoot 'em up arcade game developed by Toaplan .
Jonathan of the Night is a 1987 short horror film written , produced and directed by Buddy Giovinazzo .
Fuori uno sotto un altro ... arriva il passatore ( internationally released as Holy God , Here Comes the Passatore ! , God Help Us , Here Comes the Passatore ! and Holy God , It 's the Passatore ) is a 1973 Italian adventure - comedy film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo .
The Flanagan Boy ( released in the United States as Bad Blonde ) is a 1953 British film noir directed by Reginald Le Borg .
Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi ( English : Sometimes in love ) is a 1999 bollywood , romantic comedy , directed by Raj Kaushal .
A Silent Witness is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett .
The Party Animal is a movie written and directed by David Beaird .
Toolbox Murders is a 2004 horror film directed by Tobe Hooper , and written by Jace Anderson and Adam Gierasch .
Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts ( German : Armee der Liebenden oder Aufstand der Perverse ) is a 1979 German documentary film directed by Rosa von Praunheim .
The live action film of Circuit no Ōkami , directed by Kazuhiko Yamaguchi , was released in Japan on August 6 , 1977 .
Sandamarutham is an 2015 Tamil action thriller film directed by A. Venkatesh which has Sarath Kumar in dual lead roles who also written the story of the film .
Showdown at the Cotton Mill ( Chinese title : 胡惠乾血戰西幝寺 ; Mandarin : Hu Hui Chien xie zhan xi chan si ) , also released as Cold Face , Heart and Blood , is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Wu Ma .
Naked Fury is a 1959 British crime thriller directed by Charles Saunders .
L'assistente sociale tutto pepe ( The all pepper social worker ) , also known as L'assistente sociale tutta pepe e tutta sale , is a 1981 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Nando Cicero .
Fashions in Love is a 1929 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Hermann Bahr , Melville Baker , Richard H. Digges Jr. and Louise Long .
Miyar House ( Kannada : ಮಿಯಾರು ಮನೆ ) , is a Kannada language feature film in the documentary genre directed and produced by the Mumbai - based director Ramchandra P. N ..
Three Tough Guys ( also known as Tough Guys ) is a 1974 crime - action film directed by Duccio Tessari .
Badle Ki Aag ( English : Flames of Revenge , Hindi : बदले की आग ; ) is a 1982 Bollywood Action film produced & directed by Rajkumar Kohli on Shankar Movies banner .
The Ghost City is a 1923 American Western film serial directed by Jay Marchant .
Vasantha Raagam is a Tamil film , released in 1986 directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar .
Himapatha ( Kannada : ಹಿಮಪಾತ ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu and produced by Rockline Venkatesh .
Meghamalhar is a 2001 Malayalam - language musical romance film directed and scripted by Kamal .
Trench Road ( Finnish : Juoksuhaudantie ) is a 2004 Finnish drama film directed by Veikko Aaltonen .
Heer Raanjha ( Hindi : हीर रांझा , Punjabi : ਹੀਰ ਰਾਂਝਾ , Urdu : ہیر رانجھا‎ ) is a 1970 Hindi film , produced by son Ketan Anand and directed by father Chetan Anand .
Thunderbird 6 is a 1968 British science - fiction adventure film written by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson , directed by David Lane and produced by Century 21 Cinema .
Miss You Can Do It is a documentary film that follows contestants of the Miss You Can Do It Pageant , produced and directed by Ron Davis .
A Esperança Está Onde Menos Se Espera is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by Joaquim Leitão .
The Pendulum , the Pit and Hope ( Czech : Kyvadlo , jáma a naděje ) is a 1983 Czechoslovak animated short film directed by Jan Švankmajer , adapted from Edgar Allan Poe 's story `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' and Auguste Villiers de l'Isle - Adam 's story `` A Torture by Hope '' .
Tarzan 's Greatest Adventure is a 1959 adventure film directed by John Guillermin , produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin , and written by Les Crutchfield , based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Day by Day , Desperately ( Italian : Giorno per giorno disperatamente ) is a 1961 Italian drama film written and directed by Alfredo Giannetti .
The Wizard of Baghdad is a 1961 American comedy / fantasy film directed by George Sherman .
Just a Matter of Duty ( German : Die Denunziantin ) is a 1993 German drama film directed by Thomas Mitscherlich .
Ghosts on the Loose is a 1943 American film and the fourteenth film in the East Side Kids series , directed by William Beaudine .
Non è vero ... ma ci credo is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Grieco .
Yale vs. Harvard is a 1927 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
The first aviation film was the William J. Humphrey - directed two - reeler , The Military Air - Scout , in 1911 .
Un Pecado Por Mes ( English : One sin per month ) is a 1949 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario C. Lugones and written by Julio Porter .
Scream for Help is a 1984 film directed by Michael Winner from an original screenplay by Tom Holland .
Kulin Kanta is Indian cinema 's 1925 crime thriller silent film directed by Homi Master .
Voulez - vous coucher avec God ? is a 1972 Canadian experimental film directed by Jack Christie and Michael Hirsh .
Hell 's Island is a 1955 American color film noir starring John Payne and directed by Phil Karlson .
Bronco Bullfrog is a 1969 British black - and - white film directed by Barney Platts - Mills .
Deivapiravi ( English : Noble Soul ) is a 1960 Indian Tamil film , directed by Krishnan - Panju .
The Wilby Conspiracy is a 1975 thriller film directed by Ralph Nelson and filmed in Kenya .
Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum ( ( aiˈr maˈta meŋˈalɪr di tʃiˈtarum ) ; Perfected Spelling : Air Mata Mengalir di Citarum ; Indonesian for Tears Flow in Citarum ) is a 1949 film from what is now Indonesia , written and directed by Roestam Sutan Palindih for the Tan & Wong Bros Film Company .
Dr. Vidya ( Hindi : डॉक्टर विद्या ) is a 1962 Hindi Black - and - white Romantic family film written by Mohan Segal and directed by Rajendra Bhatia .
The Prince and the Dancer ( German : Der Prinz und die Tänzerin ) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Willy Fritsch and Hans Albers .
The Prince of Pilsen is a lost 1926 silent film comedy - romance directed by Paul Powell and starring Anita Stewart .
The Old Maid 's Valentine is a 1900 British short silent comedy film , directed by George Albert Smith , which features the titular Miss Pimple receiving an unpleasant surprise on 14 February .
Amar Akbar Anthony is a 1977 Indian action comedy film produced and directed by Manmohan Desai .
How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea ( Russian : В городе Сочи тёмные ночи , translit . V gorode Sochi tyomnye nochi , lit . In Sochi the nights are dark ) is a 1989 Soviet comedy film directed by Vasili Pichul .
Feeling from Mountain and Water ( Chinese : 山水情 ; Pinyin : shān shuǐ qíng ) is a Chinese animated short film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio under the master animator Te Wei .
Spring Break ' 83 is a Mars Callahan and Scott Spiegel -- directed comedy .
Old Man Drinking a Glass of Beer ( AKA : Comic Faces ) is a 1897 British short silent comedy film , directed by George Albert Smith , featuring a man drinking a glass of beer whose face and hands become increasingly lively as a result .
Mamma Ebe ( Mother Ebe ) is a 1985 courtroom drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani .
Oru Naal Varum ( Malayalam : ഒരു നാൾ വരും ; English : A day will come ) is a 2010 Malayalam satirical film produced by Maniyanpilla Raju and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar .
A Misappropriated Turkey is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith .
`` Steel - Eyed Death '' was directed by Michael Pressman and written by Christopher Ambrose , Julie Martin and Richard Sweren .
PR Girls ( Chinese : PR Girls青春援助交際 Literal Title : PR Girls : Youth Assistant Relationship ) is a 1998 Hong Kong drama film co - written and directed by Matt Chow .
I Used to Be Darker is a 2013 independent drama film set and shot in Maryland , the third feature film directed by Matthew Porterfield .
The Airship Destroyer ( originally titled Der Luftkrieg Der Zukunft , also titled `` The Aerial Torpedo '' , `` The Battle of the Clouds '' ( UK ) and `` The Battle in the Clouds '' ( US ) ) is a 1909 British silent science fiction film directed by Walter R. Booth .
Lonely Heart Bandits is a 1950 American drama film directed by George Blair and written by Gene Lewis .
Fury of the Pagans ( Italian : La furia dei barbari , also known as The Fury of the Barbarians and Toryok ) , is a 1960 Italian adventure film directed by Guido Malatesta .
S / Y Joy ( Swedish : S / Y Glädjen ) is a 1989 Swedish drama film directed by Göran du Rées , made after the book by Inger Alfvén .
Beowulf & Grendel is a 2005 film Canadian - Icelandic fantasy adventure film directed by Sturla Gunnarsson , loosely based on the Anglo - Saxon epic poem Beowulf .
Altid ballade ( English : Nothing but trouble ) is a 1955 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel which focuses on a working class family .
Boogie Town is a science fiction , dance battle romance film which is directed by Chris Stokes .
This Is a Life ? is a Warner Bros. animated cartoon of the Merrie Melodies series , directed by Friz Freleng , written by Warren Foster , and produced by Edward Selzer , with music directed by Milt Franklyn .
Koormavatara ( Kannada : ಕೂರ್ಮಾವತಾರ ) is a 2011 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Girish Kasaravalli , based on short story of the same name written by Kum .
Compromising Positions is a 1985 American film released by Paramount and directed by Frank Perry .
Apartment for Ladies or Nu zi gong yu is a 1970 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Umetsugu Inoue .
Rosemary , That 's for Remembrance is a 1914 American silent short drama directed by Francis J. Grandon .
Rob the Mob is a 2014 American crime drama film directed by Raymond De Felitta and written by Jonathan Fernandez .
The Night of the White Pants is a 2006 comedy drama directed by Amy Talkington .
Rollo and the Spirit of the Woods ( also titled Rolli , Finnish : Rölli ja metsänhenki ) is a 2001 Finnish fantasy film directed by Olli Saarela .
Springtime for Henry is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Otto Kruger , Nancy Carroll and Nigel Bruce .
Roundhay Garden Scene is an 1888 short silent film recorded by French inventor Louis Le Prince .
Baton Baton Mein ( Hindi : बातों बातों में ) is a 1979 romantic comedy film produced and directed by Basu Chatterjee .
Le Donk & Scor - zay - zee is a 2009 British mock musical documentary film written and directed by Shane Meadows .
She Asked for It is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Erle C. Kenton and written by Frederick J. Jackson and Theodore Reeves .
North of Shanghai is a 1939 American drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman .
Three Came Home is a 1950 American post - war film directed by Jean Negulesco , based on the memoirs of the same name by writer Agnes Newton Keith .
Looking for Langston is a 1989 British black - and - white film , directed by Isaac Julien and produced by Sankofa Film & Video Productions .
Raktabhishekam ( English : Anointing with Blood ) is a 1988 Telugu , Action film produced by on Rajeev Productions banner , directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy .
Jailbirds is a 1940 British comedy crime film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Albert Burdon , Harry Terry and Charles Farrell .
My Voice , My Life 《 爭氣》is a feature - length documentary film directed by Oscar - winning Chinese - American filmmaker Ruby Yang .
Meishi Street , directed by Ou Ning , is a 2006 independent Chinese documentary that portrays a group of Beijing residents protesting the planned destruction of their street prior to the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus ( alternate title : Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus 3D ) is a 2005 computer animated direct - to - video Barbie film directed by Greg Richardson .
( Blooper ) Bunny is an eight - minute Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Greg Ford and Terry Lennon , produced in 1991 by Warner Bros. Animation .
Zille and Me ( German : Zille und ick ) is a 1983 East German musical film directed by Werner W. Wallroth .
Right to the Heart is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Walter Bullock .
Girl House is a 2014 Canadian slasher film directed by Trevor Matthews and written by Nick Gordon .
Directed by Robert Guenette and written by Steven Paul Mark , Dinosaur ! was hosted by the American actor Christopher Reeve , who some years before had played the leading role of Superman .
Red Blood , Yellow Gold ( Italian : Professionisti per un massacro , Spanish : Los profesionales de la muerte , also known as Professionals for a Massacre ) , is a 1967 Italian - Spanish spaghetti western film directed by Nando Cicero .
Broken Laws ( 1924 ) is an American silent dramatic film directed by Roy William Neill , remarkable for the appearance of Dorothy Davenport , who is billed as `` Mrs. Wallace Reid '' .
You 've Been Trumped is a 2011 documentary by British filmmaker Anthony Baxter .
L'insegnante viene a casa ( internationally released as The School Teacher in the House ) is a 1978 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Mugila Mallige is a 1985 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by K. Balachander and produced by his own Kavithalaya Productions .
I Loved You Wednesday is a 1933 American comedy film directed by Henry King and William Cameron Menzies and written by Philip Klein and Horace Jackson .
Lovely to Look At , an adaptation of the Broadway musical Roberta , is a 1952 MGM musical film directed by Mervyn LeRoy .
The Arrest of a Pickpocket is an 1895 British short black - and - white silent crime film , produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul 's peep show Kinetoscopes , featuring a policeman catching a pickpocket with the assistance of a passing sailor .
Sad Pastorale ( 슬픈 목가 - Seulpeun mokka ) is a 1960 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Taxi 4 ( stylised as T4xi and T4Xi ) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and the fourth installment of the Taxi series .
Dead Daughters ( Russian : Мёртвые дочери , translit . Myortvye docheri ) is a Russian arthouse horror film directed by Pavel Ruminov .
Sharaabi ( Hindi : शराबी , English : Drunkard ) is a 1984 Indian Hindi drama film produced and directed by Prakash Mehra .
Vše pro lásku is a 1930 silent Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Three on a Spree is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Sidney J. Furie , based on the 1902 novel Brewster 's Millions , which had been previously filmed by Edward Small in 1945 .
Late Marriage ( Hebrew : חתונה מאוחרת‎ , Hatuna Meuheret ) is a 2001 Israeli film directed by Dover Kosashvili .
Marudhani ( Tamil : மருதாணி ) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film , directed by Ramarajan and produced by P. Jayaraj .
The Heart of Christmas is a 2011 American Christian drama feature film directed by Gary Wheeler .
The Man from Blankley 's is a lost 1930 American Pre - Code comedy film , directed by Alfred E. Green .
The Hidden Hero ( Hangul : 깃발없는 기수 ; RR : Gitbalomneun Gisu ) is a 1980 South Korean film directed by I m Kwon - taek .
Every Thing Will Be Fine is a 2015 German drama film directed by Wim Wenders and written by Bjørn Olaf Johannessen , and released in 3D.
Tan de repente ( Suddenly ) is a 2002 Argentine and Dutch black - and - white comedy drama film directed by Diego Lerman and written by Lerman , María Meira , and Eloisa Solaas , based on the novel La prueba , written by César Aira .
True to the Army is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell and written by Art Arthur , Bradford Ropes , Edmund L. Hartmann and Val Burton .
La Reine Soleil ( The Sun Queen ) is a French animated feature film ( French / Hungarian / Belgian co - production ) made by Philippe Leclerc .
The Night of the Generals is a 1967 Franco - British Second World War crime mystery film directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by Sam Spiegel .
War / Dance is a 2007 American documentary film written and directed by Sean Fine and Andrea Nix Fine and produced by Shine Global 's Susan MacLaury , a professor at Kean University , and Albie Hecht .
A Defeated People is a 1946 British documentary short film made by the Crown Film Unit , directed by Humphrey Jennings and narrated by William Hartnell .
Betsy 's Wedding is a 1990 American romantic - comedy film written , directed by and starring Alan Alda .
The Trail of the Octopus is a 1919 American mystery film serial directed by Duke Worne .
`` Royal Pudding '' was written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker , and was rated TV - MA L in the United States .
Ponthan Mada is a 1994 Malayalam - language Indian feature film written and directed by T. V. Chandran .
Mana Midiyithu ( Kannada : ಮನ ಮಿಡಿಯಿತು ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada romance film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and the story is by Ashwini .
The Big Fisherman is a 1959 American film directed by Frank Borzage about the life of Simon Peter , one of the disciples of Jesus .
45 Fathers is a 1937 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and written by Frances Hyland and Albert Ray .
A Hard Name is a 2009 documentary film by Alan Zweig that explores the lives of ex - convicts .
Ocana , an Intermittent Portrait ( Catalan : Ocaña , retrat intermitent ) is a 1978 Spanish documentary film about LGBT painter José Pérez Ocaña and his life in post - Franco gay Barcelona , directed by Ventura Pons .
Tartar Invasion ( Hungarian : Tatárjárás ) is a 1917 Hungarian drama film directed by Michael Curtiz .
After All It 's Only Life ( Spanish : Las Boludas ) is a 1993 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Víctor Dínenzon and written by José Ángel Esteban .
The Day the Loving Stopped is a 1981 made - for - TV drama film directed by Daniel Mann .
Knockout Reilly is a 1927 American drama silent film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and written by Pierre Collings , John W. Conway , Kenneth Raisbeck and Albert Payson Terhune .
44 Inch Chest is a 2009 British crime comedy - drama film directed by Malcolm Venville in his directorial debut .
Under Siege is a 1992 American action - thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and written by J.F. Lawton .
Hard Men is a British gangster movie that was directed by J. K. Amalou .
Murder Goes to College is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Charles Reisner and written by Brian Marlow , Eddie Welch and Robert Wyler .
Nidaan is a 2000 Indian Family drama film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by R.V. Pandit .
Doppelherz ( or Doppleherz ) is a short , surrealist film by Marilyn Manson that runs for 25 minutes and was included on a Bonus DVD that came with some releases of Marilyn Manson 's fifth studio album , The Golden Age of Grotesque , released in 2003 .
Regular Guys ( German : Echte Kerle ) is a 1996 German comedy film directed by Rolf Silber .
G - Men from Hell is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Christopher Coppola and written by Robert Cooper , Richard L. Albert , and Nicholas Johnson .
4 Schlüssel is a German crime film directed by Jürgen Roland .
Vajrakaya ( Kannada : ವಜ್ರಕಾಯ ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Harsha .
Japan 's Longest Day ( 日本のいちばん長い日 Nihon no ichiban nagai hi ) , also known as The Emperor and the General , is a 1967 movie directed by Kihachi Okamoto .
Lailaa O Lailaa ( abbreviated as LOL ) is a 2015 Malayalam language Indian spy action - thriller film directed by Joshiy .
Student Bodies is a 1981 comedy film written and directed by Mickey Rose , with an uncredited Michael Ritchie co - directing .
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a 2008 American romantic fantasy drama film directed by David Fincher .
Harvard , Here I Come ! is a 1941 American film directed by Lew Landers .
Tuba Atlantic is a Norwegian live action short film directed by Hallvar Witzø .
The Fighting Men ( Italian : Gli inesorabili ) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Roberto Savarese .
Down Our Street is a 1932 black and white British film directed by Harry Lachman .
The Winds of the Aures ( Arabic : ريح الاوراس‎ , translit . Rih al awras , French : Le Vent des Aurès ) is a 1966 Algerian war film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar - Hamina .
Lovers and Other Relatives , also known as Peccato veniale and Venial Sin , is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Salvatore Samperi .
Seven Vengeful Women ( Spanish : Las siete magníficas , Italian:7 donne per una strage ) is a 1966 western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini , Sidney W. Pink and Rudolf Zehetgruber .
2 Guns is a 2013 American action comedy film directed by Icelandic film director Baltasar Kormákur in his first American directorial debut .
Too Tough to Kill is a 1935 American drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman .
Don Lucio y el hermano pío ( `` Don Lucio and the pious brother '' ) is a 1960 Spanish comedy film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde , starring Tony Leblanc and José Isbert .
As with The Quatermass Experiment , Quatermass II was produced and directed by Rudolph Cartier ; he and Kneale particularly enjoyed working together .
The Human Sexipede ( full title : The Human Sexipede ( First Sequence : A porn parody ) ) is a 2010 American pornographic horror film written and directed by Lee Roy Myers .
Betaab is a 1983 Indian Hindi romance film released , directed by Rahul Rawail and produced by Bikram Sing Dahal .
Tito and Me ( Serbian : Тито и ја , Tito i ja ) is a 1992 Yugoslavian comedy film by Serbian director Goran Marković .
Kadhalukku Mariyadhai ( English : Respect for Love ) is a 1997 Tamil musical - romance film directed by Fazil .
The Last Showing is a 2014 British independent horror thriller film directed by Phil Hawkins .
Rok Sako To Rok Lo ( English : Stop Me if You Can ) is a 2004 Bollywood sports drama film produced and directed by Arindam Chaudhuri , in his debut .
Ang Nawawala ( lit . `` The Lost '' ) is a 2012 Filipino drama film co - written and directed by Marie Jamora .
Man Pasand ( English : Favorite ) is a 1980 Hindi movie produced by Amit Khanna under Film Unit banner and directed by Basu Chatterjee .
Los caballeros de la cama redonda ( English : Round bed knights ) is a 1973 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Gerardo Sofovich and Hugo Sofovich .
The Extendables ( also known as Action Hero ) is a 2014 American parody film directed by Brian Thompson .
Ankles Preferred is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and written by James Shelley Hamilton .
Always for Pleasure is a 1978 documentary film by Les Blank about social traditions in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Broken Lance is a 1954 Western film made by Twentieth Century - Fox , directed by Edward Dmytryk and produced by Sol C. Siegel .
La magnifica sfida or Falcon of the Desert is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Miguel Lluch .
Panienka z poste restante is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Jan Nowina - Przybylski and Michał Waszyński .
Cocaine Cowboys is a 2006 documentary film directed by Billy Corben and produced by Alfred Spellman and Billy Corben through their Miami - based media studio Rakontur .
Roseanna 's Grave ( also known as For Roseanna ) is a 1997 American romantic dramedy film directed by Paul Weiland .
Mentioned in Confidence is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Edgar Jones and produced by the Balboa Film Producing Company .
Tumhari Kasam ( English : Promise on You ) is a 1978 Bollywood drama film produced by C.V.K. Sastry on Associated Films & Finance Corporation banner , directed by Ravi Chopra .
South of the Clouds is a 2004 Chinese film and the second film directed by the writer Zhu Wen .
The Pioneer Scout is a 1928 American Western silent film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and Alfred L. Werker and written by Garrett Graham and Frances Marion .
Tata Birla is a 1996 Tamil language comedy film directed by C. Ranganathan .
Ramparts of Clay ( French : Remparts d'argile ) , is a 1971 French drama film directed by Jean - Louis Bertucelli .
Shri Ganesh Mahima also called Shri Krishna Vivah is a 1950 Hindi mythological film directed by Homi Wadia .
Doctors Do n't Tell is a 1941 American crime film directed by Jacques Tourneur and written by Theodore Reeves and Isabel Dawn .
Loved by a Maori Chieftess is a 1913 New Zealand feature film directed by Gaston Méliès .
Rose O'Salem - Town is a 1910 silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith .
Do Aur Do Paanch ( Hindi : दो और दो पांच , English : Two and Two to Five ) is a 1980 Hindi action comedy movie produced by C. Dhandyadupani and directed by Rakesh Kumar .
Bangaru Kutumbam ( translation : Golden Family ) is a 1994 Telugu drama film written and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao and produced by Kaikala Satyanarayana .
Choque de trenes is a 1902 Spanish short black - and - white silent documentary film directed by Segundo de Chomón .
The Bees ' Buzz is a 1929 American film directed by Mack Sennett .
The Stupid Cupid is a short Looney Tunes animated cartoon directed by Frank Tashlin and released in 1944 .
The Phantom of the Air is a 12-episode 1933 Pre - Code Universal movie serial directed by Ray Taylor .
Captain Scarface is a 1953 American thriller film directed by Paul Guilfoyle .
Up for the Derby is a 1933 British sports comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Sydney Howard , Dorothy Bartlam and Tom Helmore .
Euroway was a Swedish ferry company that operated cruise ferries between Sweden and Germany from 1992 till 1994 .
Cheon Jinwoo is the H.G. Underwood Professor at Yonsei University , Seoul , South Korea and the Director of Center for Evolutionary Nanoparticles .
Kelley Bowman ( born March 26 , 1983 in Richmond , Kentucky ) is an NCAA All American high jumper for the University of Louisville .
Of Chinese - American ancestry and born in Boston , Massachusetts , Alexander Kuo received his B.A. from Knox College in Illinois in 1961 , where he studied with Sam Moon and Gogisi .
Miriam Rafailovich received a Bachelor of Science degree from Brooklyn College in 1974 and a Ph . D in nuclear physics from SUNY Stony Brook in 1980 .
Marcia Citron graduated from Brooklyn College with a BA in 1966 and from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a MA in 1968 and a PhD in 1971 .
Born in Accrington , Lancashire , George Bullough was educated at Harrow School .
Ueli Aebi ( born 31 Mai 1946 in Bern ) is a Swiss structural biologist and co - founder of the Maurice E. Müller Institute for Structural Biology at the Biozentrum University of Basel .
Li Ruogu graduated with a Masters in Law from Beijing University in 1981 and a Masters in Public Administration from Princeton University in 1983 .
Eduardo Maruri earned a Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) degree from Eastern Michigan University in 1986 and a Certificate in Communications degree from Harvard University in 1989 .
John Klenke graduated from University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 1980 with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree ( Finance ) and from University of Wisconsin--
Enrico Butti ( Viggiù , April 3 , 1847 -- Viggiù , January 31 , 1932 ) was an Italian sculptor , active mainly in Milan , where he became a professor of the Brera Academy .
Cosmo Buono is an American pianist , native of New Jersey who completed his piano studies at New York University , Bard College , and The Juilliard School .
Jesse Dale Thorn , usually known as Dale Thorn or as J. Dale Thorn ( October 7 , 1942 -- May 8 , 2014 ) , was a journalist and professor at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , who was the first press secretary during the 1970s to then Governor Edwin Edwards , a Democrat .
Dipesh Chakrabarty attended Presidency College of the University of Calcutta , where he received his undergraduate degree in physics .
Sue Robbie ( b. Susan Robinson on 5 July 1949 , London ) grew up in the north - west of England and was educated at Keele University , where she read English and Psychology .
Kenji Imai went to Waseda University in Tokyo and graduated with a degree in Architecture .
Kim Spencer holds a B.A. in Political Science from Reed College and did graduate work in Urban Planning at Harvard Graduate School of Design .
Robert Penn Warren graduated from Clarksville High School in Clarksville , Tennessee , Vanderbilt University ( summa cum laude , Phi Beta Kappa ) in 1925 and the University of California , Berkeley ( M.A. ) in 1926 .
Walker Hancock was awarded the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Medal of Honor in 1953 , the Herbert Adams Medal of Honor from the National Sculpture Society in 1954 , the National Medal of Arts in 1989 , and the Medal of Freedom in 1990 .
Pedro Guilherme - Moreira was born in Porto in the summer of 1969 and graduated from the University of Coimbra .
Warren Farrell received a B.A. from Montclair State University in social sciences in 1965 .
William A. Staples is the fourth president of the University of Houston--
Carlos Davis attended Town School for Boys , The Allen - Stevenson School ( New York City ) , Riverdale Country School ( New York City ) , New York University 's undergraduate program in Spain , London University , and Georgetown University ( Washington , D.C. ) , Davis now resides in Manhattan .
Ernest Blamires was born in Warrnambool , Australia , and went to school at Wesley College in Melbourne , which was then a Methodist school for boys .
Arthur Christopher Watson CMG , ( 2 January 1927 -- 7 May 2001 ) Watson was born in China , and educated at St Catharine 's College , Cambridge .
Marzuki Usman initially intended to study dentistry , but found he did not have the disposition when he failed the entrance exam for a dental school in the Philippines , and subsequently applied to the Faculty of Economics at Gadjah Mada University , Yogyakarta .
Leslie Bassett ( January 22 , 1923 -- February 4 , 2016 ) was an American composer of classical music , and the University of Michigan 's Albert A. Stanley Distinguished University Professor Emeritus of Composition .
Alison Brewer was a goaltender for Brown University and was the 2000 winner of the Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award .
Tim Feehan graduated from the University of Alberta in 1984 and began his recording / songwriting career quite accidentally when his college band `` Footloose '' was asked by a local studio owner to record a song he 'd written .
Jeffrey E. Barlough ( born 1953 in Los Angeles , California ) is a trained biologist and veterinarian with a Ph.D. in Virology from Cornell University who has published over 60 research and review articles in scientific journals since 1979 .
The Lizardman was born in Fort Campbell , KY , and was a Ph.D. candidate at the University at Albany before beginning his transformation .
Meg Randall ( born Genevieve Roberts ; August 1 , 1926 in Clinton , Oklahoma ) was an American film actress who also attended the University of Oklahoma as an undergraduate , completing only her freshman year .
Martin Amlin received Master of Music and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees and the Performer 's Certificate from the Eastman School of Music at the University of Rochester .
Born in Srinagar , Kashmir , and educated at Wellington College and at the Royal Military Academy , Sandhurst , Roland Guy was commissioned into the Kings Royal Rifle Corps ( the 60th ) in 1948 .
John T. Howe received his B.S. from the University of Michigan in 1950 and his M.S. in 1956 and the degree of Engineer in 1958 from Stanford University , all in engineering mechanics .
Manuela Gretkowska was born in Łódź and studied philosophy at Jagiellonian University in Kraków .
In Palestine , while his family were briefly detained as enemy aliens by the British authorities , Ulli Beier earned a BA as an external student from the University of London .
In the United States José Serra was awarded a Masters and Ph . D. in Economics at Cornell University ( Ithaca , NY ) and later spent 2 years at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , NJ .
Yale University Press , 1998 ISBN 9780300191530 Elisheva Carlebach , John M. Efron , and David N. Myers , eds . Jewish History and Jewish Memory :
Prior to his career as a stock trader , Dr. Chris Kacher pursued an education in the nuclear sciences at the University of California , Berkeley .
The first of many generations of Lanmans who attended what is now known as Yale University , James Lanman pursued classical studies and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Yale College in 1788 .
Walter Leaf was born at on 26 November 1852 and educated at Harrow and Trinity College , Cambridge .
Sir Peter Mews of Hinton Admiral ( 29 August 1672 -- 19 March 1727 ) , born to Colonel John Mews and Sarah Mellish , was educated at St John 's College , Oxford .
Marcel Légaut was born in Paris , where he received his Ph.D. in Mathematics from the École Normale Supérieure in 1925 .
Max Coyer attended Trinity College in his hometown of Hartford , Connecticut for two years , majoring in poetry .
Helen Joseph was born in Easebourne near Midhurst , West Sussex , England and graduated from King 's College London , in 1927 .
Stephen Scherer ( February 22 , 1989 -- October 3 , 2010 ) was a Cadet with the class of 2011 at the United States Military Academy who competed in the 2008 Olympic Games in 10 metre air rifle .
It was also during the interwar period that Jean Boutière published the first - ever French - language monograph on the Romanian writer , originally as a Doctor of Philosophy thesis for the University of Paris .
Mary Schaps ( Ph.D. , Harvard University ) is Professor of Mathematics and Dean of the Faculty of Exact Sciences at Bar Ilan University .
The son of émigrés Josef Petros Daugmanis from Latvia and Runa Inge Olsson from Sweden , John Daugman was educated in America , receiving an A.B. degree and a Ph.D. degree ( 1983 ) from Harvard University .
Phuti Mahanyele left Johannesburg , South Africa at age 17 to attend Douglass College ( later merged into Rutgers University ) in the United States .
Gerald M. Steinberg was born in the United Kingdom , obtained his doctorate in government from Cornell University , in 1981 ;
Carl E. Thoresen ( born July 22 , 1933 ) is a psychologist on the faculty of Stanford University .
Arlington G. Reynolds was born on a farm in Mentor , Lake County , Ohio , educated in the local schools , the Collegiate Institute in Willoughby , and Oberlin College .
Piotr Setkiewicz ( born in 1963 ) is the director of Centre for Research at the Auschwitz - Birkenau State Museum ( Centrum Badań Państwowego Muzeum Auschwitz - Birkenau w Oświęcimiu ) ; a graduate of the Faculty of History at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków .
Christopher Palameta was born in 1979 in Montreal , Canada , and studied Early Music Performance at McGill University .
Shawnta Rogers ( born January 5 , 1976 ) is an American former professional basketball player and former star at The George Washington University of the Atlantic 10 Conference .
William Imbrie was an 1865 graduate of the College of New Jersey ( now Princeton University ) and an 1870 graduate of Princeton Theological Seminary .
Mahinda Samarasinghe completed a Bachelor of Economics ( Honours ) degree at La Trobe University , Melbourne , Australia .
Anthony Howe He attended The Taft School between 1969 and 1973 , and for the next 6 years was enrolled at Cornell University and Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture .
Born on 23 June 1918 , the son of Brigadier Sir Lionel Milman , 7th Baronet CMG ( 1877 - 1962 ) , Sir Derek Milman , 9th Baronet was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
Eric B. Shumway ( born 1939 ) was the president of Brigham Young University--
Trey Bender is a graduate of the University of Kansas and is the son of Gary Bender , a veteran broadcaster who also graduated from the University of Kansas .
In 1925 - 29 Mary Beck was a student at the University of Pittsburgh upon graduation of which she received a Bachelor of Arts .
Janet Niven graduated from the University of Glasgow with a first class Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery degree in 1925 .
Malik Zahoor Ahmad earned a master 's degree in mass communications from the University of Leicester , UK and also a B.A. in economics and sociology from Government College , Lahore .
Harry Payne Whitney studied at Groton School in Groton , Massachusetts then attended Yale University , graduating with a law degree in 1894 .
The Poe brothers were six celebrated American football players who played football at Princeton University from 1882 until 1901 .
Derek Boshier attended the Royal College of Art in London , alongside David Hockney , Allen Jones and Peter Phillips , graduating in 1962 .
Anatol Hrytskievich graduated in 1950 from the Minsk Medical Institute and in 1955 -- from the Minsk Pedagogical Institute of Foreign Languages and in 1958 from the Belarusian State University history faculty .
James Deering attended one year each at Northwestern University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before also joining the company at the same time .
Preeta Samarasan is a Malaysian author writing in English whose first novel , Evening Is the Whole Day , won the Hopwood Novel Award ( while she was doing her MFA at the University of Michigan ) , was a finalist for the Commonwealth Writers Prize 2009 , and was on the longlist for the Orange Prize for Fiction .
Calvin Tang graduated in 2000 from Seattle University with a Bachelor of Science degree with emphasis in Premedical Sciences .
Born at Ballylough , in County Antrim , William Atcheson Traill was educated at private schools and graduated from Trinity College Dublin with a degree in Engineering in 1865 and a Masters in 1873 .
Eiiti Wada ( 和田英一 , June 1 , 1931 ) is an emeritus computer scientist professor at the University of Tokyo and the Research Director of Internet Initiative Japan a network technology company .
John B. Williamson is a Professor of Sociology who specializes in gerontology , social policy and social welfare . He joined the faculty of the Department of Sociology at Boston College in 1969 after completing his Ph.D. in social psychology at Harvard University .
Kim Gandy graduated from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston , the seat of Lincoln Parish , where she earned a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics .
John Bruce Norton had his early education at Harrow and Merton College , Oxford .
John Allibond ( 1597 - -1658 ) , was the master of Magdalen College School .
Michael Kruse ( F. Michael ) ( born 1948 ) , LL.B ( Victoria University of Wellington ) , MCL ( George Washington ) is the Chief Justice of the High Court of American Samoa .
Andrew Lazar ( born 1966 ) is an American film producer and graduate of the New York University Tisch School of the Arts .
The Apogee name , logo and library were licensed to a new company , Apogee Software , LLC . George Broussard and Scott Miller , both of 3D Realms , assisted in the formation of the new company , but have no role in any of its management decisions .
The Russell Motor Car Company was an automobile manufacturer in Toronto , Canada that produced cars from 1904 to 1916 .
Ted Leo and the Pharmacists ( sometimes written Ted Leo / Pharmacists , Ted Leo + Pharmacists , or TL / Rx ) are an American rock band formed in 1999 in Washington , D.C. and currently recording for Matador Records .
Established in 2001 , by current Managing Director Brett Raynes , Backup Direct acquired online backup provider Back2Go in 2007 and Data Trustees in 2008 .
Formation The Vinyl Records ( aka TVR ) was formed in February 2010 .
Le Tigre is an American electroclash band from the United States , formed by Kathleen Hanna ( formerly of Bikini Kill ) and Johanna Fateman in 1998 in New York City .
Kimberley College ( also known as STEM College ) is a free school sixth form centre that opened in Stewartby , Bedfordshire , England in September 2013 .
Assyrian National Broadcasting or ANB SAT ( Syriac : ܦܪܣܬܐ ܐܘܡܬܢܝܬܐ ܐܫܘܪܝܬܐ‎ ) is a channel broadcasting in Assyrian on the satellite and internet , founded by Ninos Ternian on 8 August 2011 in San Jose , California .
Trauma Studios was an American computer game developer company founded in 2003 .
Richmond International High School and College ( RIHSC ) was a private school in Richmond , British Columbia , founded in 1991 .
The channel officially launched in October 2009 , on Rogers Cable under the name LS Times TV .
The Mayapada Group is an Indonesian - based conglomerate founded by Dato Sri Tahir in 1986 .
Groupe DSO was a collection of small business units that operated from 1967 to 1997 in the Asia - Pacific region .
Königsberg was founded in 1255 on the site of the ancient Old Prussian settlement Twangste by the Teutonic Knights during the Northern Crusades , and was named in honour of King Ottokar II of Bohemia .
The Porto Marathon is an annual marathon race in the city of Porto , Portugal , held in October or November , since 2004 .
Rajiv Gandhi Medical College and Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Hospital is a school of medicine , established in 1992 and based in Thane , in Kalwa , Mumbai , India .
They have also developed middleware for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS . Engine Software was founded in 1995 , and with that is the oldest game developer in the Netherlands still in business .
Meedan was founded by Ed Bice in 2005 and incorporated as a nonprofit charitable organization in 2006 .
Massaponax High School opened in the fall of 1998 becoming the fourth high school in Spotsylvania County .
The Reindeer Section are a Scottish indie rock supergroup formed in 2001 by Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol , which released albums and gigged in 2001 and 2002 .
The Western Block Party ( WBP ) was a political party in Canada founded in 2005 by Doug Christie .
Genmab A / S is a Danish biotechnology company , founded in February 1999 by Florian Schönharting , at the time managing director of BankInvest Biomedical venture fund .
The Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow - Up was set up in 1999 as the think - tank of the Arab League .
Molotov Solution was founded during 2004 , the group 's first release , The Path to Extinction was finished and released in 2005 and again in 2006 the band provided one half of a split release album with War from a Harlots Mouth .
SINTEF was established at the Norwegian Institute of Technology ( NTH ) in Trondheim in 1950 and expanded rapidly in the following years .
O3SIS AG Founded 1996 by Bernd Rützel , Ute Heymann and Dirk Dörre , O3SIS AG initially has been focusing on research and development of middleware connecting `` thin client '' devices to application servers via IP networks .
Single Gun Theory were an Australian electronic dance music band formed in 1986 .
European Union Prize for Literature ( established in 2009 ) is a European Union literary award .
Orange Polska ( former Telekomunikacja Polska ) is a Polish telecommunications provider established in December 1991 .
Little Qualicum Falls Provincial Park was originally established as a park in 1940 to protect the old growth Douglas - fir forest .
Nekropsi ( founded in 1989 as `` Necropsy '' ) is a musical group from Istanbul , Turkey .
George Bishop 's Observatory was an astronomical observatory erected in 1836 by the astronomer George Bishop near his residence at the South Villa of Regent 's Park , London .
Lansdowne Partners is an investment management organisation founded in 1998 , one of Europe 's oldest hedge funds .
Art Concret was an Avant - garde group of artists formed in Paris in 1929 , championing a geometrical abstract art closely related to the aesthetics of Neo - plasticism .
Facing the World was set up in 2003 by Norman Waterhouse and Martin Hirigoyen Kelly , two craniofacial plastic surgeons at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital .
Neoclubber is a Russian electropop duo that was organized in late 2008 .
Illinois acquired more than 1,100 acres ( 450 ha ) in 1927 , and dedicated the park as Giant City State Park .
Founded by the Lebanese German Association for the Promotion of Culture , a non - profit NGO , the Lebanese German University opened its doors in October 2008 after obtaining Presidential Decree number 794 , dated October 5 , 2007 .
Masthead Studios was founded in 2005 in Bulgaria and is an eastern - European video game developing studio specializing in massively multiplayer online role - playing games .
The Vlaams Nationaal Verbond ( VNV ; Dutch for `` Flemish National Union '' or `` Flemish National League '' ) was a nationalist Flemish political party in Belgium , active between 1933 and 1944 .
The NHS National Workforce Projects team was formed in 2005 to create and make available a range of workforce planning tools , guidance and resources to the NHS .
The Audio Information Network of Colorado ( AINC ) , formerly the Radio Reading Service of the Rockies ( RRSR ) , was founded in 1990 .
Pi Delta Psi ( ΠΔΨ ) is an Asian - American cultural interest fraternity founded at Binghamton University on February 20 , 1994 .
Rioja Airlines was founded in 2007 by Riojano entrepreneurs .
Tasnim News Agency is a private news agency in Iran opened in 2012 .
Pink Floyd were founded in 1965 by students Syd Barrett , Nick Mason , Roger Waters , and Richard Wright .
On 1 July 1998 , the two councils amalgamated to form the City of Albany .
Sandii & the Sunsetz were a Japanese synthpop band that collaborated from 1979 until the 1990s .
The airline was shortly thereafter renamed `` Ryanair '' and began operations in 1985 with a 15-seat Embraer Bandeirante turboprop aircraft , flying between Waterford and Gatwick Airport with the aim of breaking the duopoly on London - Ireland flights at that time , held by British Airways and Aer Lingus .
Forgotten Silence is an experimental band from the Czech Republic founded in 1993 .
The Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce ( HKGCC ; Chinese : 香港總商會 ) was founded in 1861 .
Il Progresso Italo - Americano was an Italian - language daily newspaper in the United States , published in New York City from 1880 to 1988 , when it was shut down due to a union dispute .
Town status was granted to Obninsk on June 24 , 1956 .
Rapture TV was a previously free - to - air satellite television station ( although now an exclusively online channel ) operated from the United Kingdom , founded in 1997 .
Makthaverskan began in 2008 with the release of both a mini CD with a collection of demos and their debut self - titled album , released by Luxury Records .
The Progressive Alliance ( Alianza Progresista ) is a social - democratic political party of Uruguay founded in 1999 by the former Vice President Rodolfo Nin Novoa , since then is part of the Frente Amplio .
Chipidea was a Portuguese analog semiconductor IP design center , headquarterd in Oeiras , Greater Lisbon subregion , which had been founded in 1997 by José Epifânio da Franca .
All Ends is an alternative metal band from Gothenburg , Sweden , founded in 2003 .
The Front of Comrades for the Effectiveness and Transformation of Islamic Iran ( Persian : جبهه یاران کارآمدی و تحول ایران اسلامی‎‎ ) , known by the backronym YEKTA Front ( Persian : جبهه یکتا‎‎ , meaning Unique ) is an Iranian principlist political group , formed in 2015 .
As a result , Serbia formed a union with Montenegro in 1992 , which broke apart in 2006 , when Serbia again became an independent country .
Statoil Fuel & Retail is a Norwegian energy retail company , formed by the 2010 separation of the downstream business of Statoil ASA into a separate listed company .
St. Chux Derby Chix was started in August 2009 by five women from St. Charles , Missouri .
The United Irish League ( UIL ) was a nationalist political party in Ireland , launched 23 January 1898 with the motto `` The Land for the People '' .
Samsun B.K. is a women 's basketball club based in Samsun , Turkey , founded in 2003 .
In 1968 the institute became a State university , the University of Salerno , and it has since seen a great increase in student numbers .
The International Ombudsman Institute ( I.O.I. ) was established in 1978 as an independent global organisation to help more than 150 independent public sector local , regional and national Ombudsman institutions to cooperate .
Indy PopCon is a pop culture convention that has been held at the Indiana Convention Center since 2014 .
El Efecto is a Brazilian rock band , formed in 2002 by Tomás Rosati , Bruno Danton and Eduardo Baker .
Fighting and Entertainment Group ( FEG ) was the leading Japanese combat sport promoter founded on September 3 , 2003 .
GenSpera president and CEO Craig Dionne , PhD , co - founded GenSpera in 2003 .
Yookos is an online social networking site founded in 2011 by the leader of Christ Embassy International .
The National University of Costa Rica was created in 1973 in the province of Heredia .
The Evangelical Reformed Church in America previously known as the Evangelical Reformed Church Association ( ERCA ) is a theologically conservative fellowship of Reformed churches and ministries , founded in 2006 in Minnesota .
The Council of Serbian Unity ( Serbian : Сабор српског јединства , CCJ / Sabor srpskog jedinstva , SSJ ) is a political party in Serbia , founded in 2013 by Borislav Pelević .
The Founders Academy Foundation presented an application to the New Hampshire State Board of Education on July 18 , 2013 , seeking to open `` The Founders Academy Public Charter School '' , with the purpose of providing a classical education for students in grades 6 through 12 , educating them in good business practices and leadership skills .
The Mandhu Learning Centre was established in 1998 , and later inaugurated as the Mandhu College in December 2009 .
EmperorLinux was founded in 1999 by Lincoln Durey , an EE Ph.D. from Tulane University .
Krasnoyarsk State University was founded in 1963 in Krasnoyarsk , Siberia , Russia .
The American Sociological Association ( ASA ) , founded in 1905 as the American Sociological Society , is a non - profit organization dedicated to advancing the discipline and profession of sociology .
Japan Game Awards ( 日本ゲーム大賞 , nihon gemu taisho ) is the Japanese Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry 's awards ceremony for the Japanese video game industry created in 1996 as CESA Awards ( Computer Entertainment Supplier 's Association ) .
The business was later bought by its management and changed its name to Good Energy in 2003 .
Atlético Huila is a professional Colombian football team based in Neiva , that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. Founded on November 29 , 1990 , it is one of the youngest professional football clubs in Colombia .
Ricola began in 1930 when Emil Wilhelm Richterich established Confiseriefabrik Richterich & Co. Laufen after the purchase of a small bakery in Laufen , just outside Basel .
Premios Nuestra Tierra ( `` Our Homeland Awards '' ) is an annual music award ceremony in Colombia which began in 2007 .
Pagan Lorn was a well - known doom metal band in Luxembourg from 1994 - -1998 .
Justifide is a hard rock power - trio from Chandler , Arizona , founded in 1999 .
Rai 2 first started broadcasting on 4 November 1961 .
The Ulster Unionist Party traces its formal existence back to the foundation of the Ulster Unionist Council in 1905 .
The first Al Tazaj restaurant opened in Mecca in 1989 .
Later on , a national level of organization was formed called the Canadian Diabetes Association in 1953 .
The Utah Grand Prix is a weekend of sports car and stock car races held since 2006 at Miller Motorsports Park in Tooele , Utah .
Stargate Studios is an American post - production studio founded in 1989 by cinematographer and special visual effects supervisor Sam Nicholson .
Jeremy and Molly Lent , a married couple , founded the company in 1996 as Internet Access Financial Corporation , later changing the name to NextCard in 1997 .
RTL Z started on 6 June 2001 as a joint venture between Holland Media Groep and Belgian Business Television .
A.T.Mödell is an electro - industrial Spanish band formed in 2009 .
Abu Dhabi Ports ( Arabic : موانئ أبوظبي ‎ ) ( formally Abu Dhabi Ports Company ADPC ) was established in March , 2006 by Emiri Decree No . ( 6 ) , as a master developer of ports and industrial zones in Abu Dhabi .
The Anti - Monopoly Party was a short - lived American political party established in 1884 .
The building was then transformed into the Malacca Literature Museum which was officiated by Chief Minister Mohd Zin Abdul Ghani in 1984 .
Canadian Unitarians for Social Justice ( CUSJ ) ( established in 1996 ) is a Canadian Unitarian Universalist social justice organization that is an associate member of the Canadian Unitarian Council .
Cassiya is one of the most popular sega music groups from Mauritius founded in 1988 .
Young Adelaide Voices is a community choir formed in 1988 .
Xtreme Latin American Wrestling ( XLAW or X - LAW ) is a lucha libre professional wrestling promotion based in Mexico , founded in 2001 by wrestling journalist Ernesto Ocampo .
Arsenal Credit Union was founded in August 1948 as Aero Chart Credit Union , organized to serve employees of a U.S. government agency then known as the Aero Chart Service , Plant and Store ( now the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency , or NGA ) .
Hosjö Church was built in 1663 and consists of a small red wooden building with a tower .
Death Cab for Cutie is an American alternative rock band , formed in Bellingham , Washington in 1997 .
Leander Club , founded in 1818 , is one of the oldest rowing clubs in the world .
Delhi Public School , Dhanbad , Jharkhand , India , was established in 1988 in collaboration with Bharat Coking Coal Limited .
Super 8 Cynics started out in 2009 as a `` disparate group of session musicians '' put together by singer - songwriter Ady Hall as part of a solo musical project .
Honkytonk Homeslice began in the summer of 2004 , when the trio was singing and playing at their campsite at Horning 's Hideout , during a String Cheese - sponsored music festival in Oregon .
The United Reformed Churches in North America ( URCNA ) is a theologically conservative federation of Reformed churches , that was founded in 1996 in Lynwood , Illinois , with many churches having left the Christian Reformed Church in North America .
D&AD was founded in 1962 by a group of London - based designers and art directors including David Bailey , Terence Donovan and Alan Fletcher and Colin Forbes ( who designed the original D&AD logo ) .
Tristitia is a Swedish doom metal band formed in Halmstad , Sweden in 1992 by guitarist Luis Beethoven Galvez .
The Duquesne Brewing Company was a major brewery in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , from its founding in 1899 until its dissolution in 1972 .
In 2004 founder and CEO Richard Gusella , a veteran in the oil sands , began to build Connacher Oil and Gas Limited in increments by purchasing `` one 10,000-barrel - per - day SAGD ( steam - assisted gravity drainage ) plant at a time , '' starting with underground oil sands leases south of Fort McMurray .
Netaji Subhash Ashram Mahavidyalaya , established in 1985 , is the general degree college in Suisa , Purulia district .
The Royal Horticultural Society ( RHS ) was founded in 1804 in London , England , as the Horticultural Society of London , and gained its present name in a Royal Charter granted in 1861 .
GameSim is an American video game developer founded in 2008 by Andrew Tosh .
Derby Museum and Art Gallery was established in 1879 , along with Derby Central Library , in a new building designed by Richard Knill Freeman and given to Derby by Michael Thomas Bass .
The University of Southern Denmark was established in 1998 when the Odense University , the Southern Denmark School of Business and Engineering and the South Jutland University Centre were merged .
Ruthless Order is a Russian progressive - death - power metal band formed in 2006 .
Blackpool Seagulls are an English ice hockey team , founded in 1951 , who played at the Pleasure Beach Ice Rink , Blackpool .
STV Glasgow launched at 18:30 on Monday 2 June 2014 , originally airing every day from midday until around midnight .
Action International Pictures ( AIP ) also known as West Side Studios , is a film production and distribution company founded in 1986 .
Picastro is a rock band formed in 1998 in Toronto .
The International Vale Tudo Championship is an MMA fighting promotion based in Brazil starting in 1997 .
Robot Zonda is a pop rock band , formed in 2006 at Buenos Aires , composed of Kiko Robot ( vocals ) , Mou Robot ( guitar ) , Paky Robot ( drums ) , Guido Robot ( bass ) .
The Suditi Global Academy is an English medium residential cum day scholar coeducational school , located in District Mainpuri of Uttar Pradesh . The School was founded in 2009 and in just 5 years it reaches to the height of a great school in country .
WBTI went on the air in July 1991 , owned by Timothy D. Martz of Martz Communications .
The Florida Marine Raiders ( formerly the Lakeland Raiders ) were a professional indoor football team ; though they began play in 2012 as a member of the Ultimate Indoor Football League , for 2014 they became a charter member of the X - League Indoor Football ( X - League ) .
Pombia Safari Park is a safari park , zoo and amusement park in Pombia , Piedmont , northern Italy , created by Angelo Lombardi in 1976 ; extending over an area of 400,000 square metres .
MxPx is an American punk rock band from Bremerton , Washington founded in 1992 as Magnified Plaid .
Deep Sea Supply ASA was created in 2005 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange to build up a portfolio of North Sea and international operating supply vessels .
The National Students ' Union of India ( NSUI ) is the student wing of the Indian National Congress party , formed on 9 April 1971 .
Carousel Productions organized and launched the first Miss Earth beauty pageant in 2001 as an international environmental event with the mission of channeling the beauty pageant entertainment industry as an effective tool to actively promote the preservation of the environment .
ESIEE Management ( previously named ISTM or Institut Supérieur de Technologie et de Management ) is a French business school created in 1995 .
The Rescues are an American rock band from Los Angeles , California , formed in 2008 .
Ravenous Records , a division of Ravenous Entertainment , was formed in 1998 by Jim Steinman and Steven Rinkoff .
The Félix Houphouët - Boigny Peace Prize was established in 1990 by UNESCO : `` to honour living individuals and active public or private bodies or institutions that have made a significant contribution to promoting , seeking , safeguarding or maintaining peace in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations and the Constitution of UNESCO . ''
The Loyola University Museum of Art ( LUMA ) , which opened in the fall of 2005 , is unique among Chicago 's many museums for mounting exhibits that explore the spiritual in art from all cultures , faiths , and eras .
Capita was formed in 1984 as a division of the non - profit CIPFA ( Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy ) .
The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock and roll band formed in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan in 2006 .
The Verve were an English rock band formed in Wigan in 1990 by lead vocalist Richard Ashcroft , guitarist Nick McCabe , bass guitarist Simon Jones and drummer Peter Salisbury .
The Government of New South Wales established Jervis Bay Marine Park in 1998 and the current zoning plan has been in place since 1 October 2002 .
The Stuppach Madonna ( German : Stuppacher Madonna ) is a 1514 - 1519 painting of the Madonna and Child by the German Renaissance painter Matthias Grünewald .
The resulting dark - coloured , sweet - and - sour syrup Kofo became the main ingredient of a new soft drink named Kofola introduced in 1960 .
Scottish Television ( now , legally , known as STV Central Ltd and referred to on - air as STV ) is Scotland 's largest ITV franchisee , and has held the ITV franchise for Central Scotland since 31 August 1957 .
Sylvan Esso is an American indie pop duo from Durham , North Carolina formed in 2013 .
Luna Sea ( stylized as LUNA SEA ) is a Japanese rock band formed in Kanagawa Prefecture in 1986 .
KBGA was established by an organization of students headed by Craig J. Altmaier and has been on the air , serving its community since August 23 , 1996 .
Founded in 1971 , Ilosaarirock is the second oldest rock festival in Finland still active , and one of the oldest in Europe .
Earl Tupper invented the plastic for Tupperware already in 1938 , but the product only worked with the emergence of the sale through presentation in a party setting .
Veteran Bandit , which is not a charity itself , was formed in June 2011 by former RAF servicemen and their families -- all long - time fundraisers .
SpaceDev was founded in 1997 by Jim Benson , who acquired Integrated Space Systems of Southern California and then acquired a dormant publicly traded Colorado corporation through a reverse acquisition to create the publicly traded SpaceDev .
The Scottish Arts Council was formed in 1994 following a restructuring of the Arts Council of Great Britain , but had existed as an autonomous body since a royal charter of 1967 .
Fields of the Nephilim are an English gothic rock band formed in Stevenage , Hertfordshire , England in 1984 .
It was built by Peter Canlis in 1950 , and remains family - owned .
The company was formed in 1943 by the merger of Consolidated Aircraft and Vultee Aircraft , and went on to produce pioneering aircraft such as the Convair B-36 bomber , the F-102 Delta Dagger and the F-106 Delta Dart .
The Australian Army Public Relations Service ( AAPRS ) was formed in 1994 from personnel of the Royal Australian Army Educational Corps .
The Hull York Medical School ( HYMS ) is a medical school in England which took its first intake of students in 2003 .
The Duchy of Prussia ( German : Herzogtum Preußen , Polish : Księstwo Pruskie ) or Ducal Prussia ( German : Herzogliches Preußen , Polish : Prusy Książęce ) was a duchy in eastern Prussia established during the Protestant Reformation in 1525 .
Originally called DPC ( Digital Playout Centre GmbH ) , SES Platform Services was founded in 1996 by Kirch , a German media company .
Arizmendi Bakery came out of the Cheese Board Collective , forming in 1997 .
The Order of Australia is an order of chivalry established on 14 February 1975 by Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia , to recognise Australian citizens and other persons for achievement or meritorious service .
Formed in 2003 in Tucson , Arizona , USA , The Mean Reds released one full - length LP , three EPs and a split album ( with DVD ) with notable Los Angeles , California rock band Wires On Fire .
The Hong Kong Bar Association ( HKBA ) ( Chinese : 香港大律師公會 ) is the professional regulatory body for barristers in Hong Kong , and was founded in 1949 .
Near East University Hospital officially opened its doors to public on 20 July 2010 with a grand opening party that hosted Turkish Minister of Justice , Cemil Cicek , and Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus President Dervis Eroglu .
Travel Channel ( originally The Travel Channel from 1987 to 1999 ) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned as a joint venture between Scripps Networks Interactive ( which owns 65 % of the network ) and Cox Communications ( which owns the remaining 35 % interest ) .
Julian Casablancas and the Voidz ( stylised as Julian Casablancas+The Voidz and occasionally JCVZ ) , or simply The Voidz or Voidz , are an American rock band formed 2013 as a project of Julian Casablancas of The Strokes .
Kögel Trailer GmbH & Co . KG with its headquarters in Gersthofen was founded originally in 1934 by Franz Xaver Kögel , and they are one of the largest manufacturers of commercial vehicles , amongst other things for trailers and semi - trailers .
The Queensland Crime Commission ( QCC ) was an independent Queensland Government entity established on 2 March 1998 to investigate criminal activity , in particular , criminal paedophilia and major and organised crime .
Unit 187 is a Canadian industrial band , started by John Morgan and Tod Law in 1994 .
The National Bahujan Congress is a political party in India , founded in November 2008 as Yogendra Makwana ( a former Union Minister and dalit leader ) broke away from the Indian National Congress .
Brooklyn College Academy , founded in 1986 in a partnership between the then Board of Education and Brooklyn College , served as an alternative school -- a program which was created to help older high school students that have not done well in other settings .
Founded on February 1 , 1994 , MindSpring merged with EarthLink on February 4 , 2000 , with the company retaining the EarthLink name .
Founded in London by British entrepreneur Simon Fuller in 1999 as the music division of 19 Entertainment , 19 Recordings is one of the top record imprints as compiled by Billboard in 2012 .
The company has been founded by Léon Grosse in 1881 in Aix - Les - Bains .
Caruso St John is an architectural firm established in 1990 by Adam Caruso and Peter St John .
It was expected to be completed in August 2010 , but due to strategic location and growing demands for commercial establishments in San Pablo , it was upgraded into SM City San Pablo last April 28 , 2010 .
The Thuuz website was launched September 2010 to help sports fans solve the problem of information overload by identifying the best content `` ... like your buddy who calls and tells you there 's a great game going on , '' according to Thuuz CEO Warren Packard .
Insilicos is a life science software company founded in 2002 by Erik Nilsson , Brian Pratt and Bryan Prazen .
Waltari was formed in 1986 in Helsinki , Finland , by Kärtsy Hatakka ( vocals and bass ) , Jariot Lehtinen ( guitars ) and Sale Suomalainen ( drums ) .
Nasim Sdn Bhd ( NSB ) , a member of Naza Group of Companies , involved in automobiles industry was founded in 1997 .
Delta - S is a Christian industrial / progressive trance band formed in Camarillo , California in 1995 .
Founded in 1999 , Jolt Online Gaming was based in Europe , with servers across the USA .
The Tower Commission was commissioned on 1 December 1986 by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in response to the Iran Contra scandal .
The Hollywood Film Awards are an American motion picture award ceremony held annually since 1997 , usually in October or November .
Marxist - Leninist Party ( Communist Reconstruction ) ( Spanish : Partido Marxista - leninista ( Reconstrucción Comunista ) , originally Spanish : Reconstrucción Comunista , RC ) is a Marxist - Leninist and Hoxhaist political party operating in Spain , officially registered since 2014 .
Established in 1970 as a partnership between synthetic rubber maker FATE , businessman José Ber Gelbard , and other private investors , Aluar obtained an exclusive licence to produce aluminum from the military regime of General Alejandro Lanusse , who sought to make Argentina self - sufficient in the critical industrial staple .
The Varman dynasty ( 350 - 650 ) , the first historical rulers of Kamarupa ; was established by Pushya Varman , a contemporary of Samudragupta .
Straftanz was a German electronic dance music project , established in the summer of 2006 .
E - Artsup is a French private university created in 2001 and specialized in digital creativity and multimedia .
The Four - Coalition ( Czech : Čtyřkoalice ) , also translated as the Coalition of Four or Quad - Coalition , abbreviated to 4 K , was a liberal centre - right political alliance in the Czech Republic between 1998 and 2002 .
It was established in 2003 as a result of the merger of Ålands yrkeshögskola and Ålands högskola ( both names can be translated into English as Åland University of Applied Sciences ) .
Emercy ( pronounced as `` em - er - see '' ) is an international , inter - denominational , non - profit Christian missionary organization founded in 1999 by Joshua Jones .
The Russian Organization for Intellectual Property VOIS ( Russian : Всероссийская организация интеллектуальной собственности , ВОИС ) is collective management society for neighboring rights established by Russian performers and labels in 2008 .
The Royal Iraqi Air Force ( RIrAF ) considered its founding day as 22 April 1931 , when the first pilots flew in from training in the United Kingdom .
Ribspreader was formed in June 2002 by Rogga Johansson and Andreas Karlsson , both also of Paganizer .
Toxic Narcotic is an American crust punk band from Boston , Massachusetts who formed in 1989 .
Founded in 1995 by Grace - Marie Turner , the Galen Institute 's stated mission is `` advancing free - market ideas in health policy , promoting a more informed public debate over ideas that support innovation , individual freedom , consumer choice , and competition in the health sector '' .
Ahlstrom was started in 1908 , and originates from the family saw mill , iron and shipping business of Antti Ahlström established in 1851 .
After an interest to protect the area , on 7 July 1985 an area of 7,128 hectares ( 17,610 acres ) was gazetted as the Mann River Nature Reserve .
The Ulster Youth Jazz Orchestra was formed in 1993 by Ken Jordan after a series of summer courses held in the Crescent Arts Centre , Belfast .
Stockland was founded in 1952 by Albert Scheinberg and Ervin Graf , with a vision to `` not merely achieve growth and profits but to make a worthwhile contribution to the development of our cities and great country '' .
Manifesteange Metamorphose temps de fille ( Shortened to Metamorphose temps de fille , Metamorphose or Meta ) is the name of a Japanese clothing boutique chain created in 1997 by the current president of Metamorphose and its designer , Kuniko Kato .
In 2003 , SoundExchange became a wholly independent non - profit organization .
Cadacross was a Finnish melodic death metal band formed in 1997 .
BHi Music Group ( AKA BHiMG ) was founded in late 2013 by Christian Cedras and Krista Retto , along with , Dick Wingate .
The Sondervick College was founded in 1995 consisting of the following schools :
In July 1998 , Scholl and Seton merged to become Seton Scholl plc . In 1999 , Seton Scholl and LIG merged to become Seton Scholl London International Group plc , shortened to SSL International .
English Nature was the United Kingdom government agency that promoted the conservation of wildlife , geology and wild places throughout England between 1990 and 2006 .
Founded in 1880 by Mathias Hatz , the company began to build engines in 1904 .
The Asturian Wikipedia ( Before Uiquipedia n'asturianu and now Wikipedia n'asturianu ) is the Asturian language edition of Wikipedia started in July 2004 .
The Royal University of Bhutan ( Dzongkha : འབྲུག་རྒྱལ་འཛིན་གཙུག་ལག་སློབ་སྡེ་ ; Wylie : ' brug rgyal-'dzin gtsug - lag - slob - sde ) , founded on June 2 , 2003 by a royal decree , is the national university system of Bhutan .
St George 's Anglican Grammar School opened in January 2015 as the 14th school of the Anglican Schools Commission ( ASC ) .
On July 3 , 1991 , the autonomous oblast was elevated to the status of the Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of Karachay - Cherkessia ( under the jurisdiction of the Russian SFSR ) .
Chicago Public Art Group ( originally , Chicago Muralists Group ) is a non profit cultural organization in Chicago that organizes and promotes creation of community public art . The Group was founded in 1971 and has been involved in the creation of hundreds of artworks in and around the city .
The German Basketball Federation itself was then was founded on October 1 , 1949 , in Düsseldorf , Germany .
Campaign for Working Families is a conservative organization founded in 1998 that , through its old political action committee , claimed to be a bipartisan organization , although their political contribution practices reveal them to be Republican .
Kildare Partners was founded in London in 2013 by Ellis Short , with further offices in Dublin , Ireland and Dallas , Texas , focused on real estate in western Europe .
Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group Ltd was formed in 1998 from the assets of BTR Aerospace Group when they were purchased by Doughty Hanson & Co. In 2004 the company was sold and split into two .
Breyer Animal Creations was founded in 1950 in Chicago , Illinois , originally called Breyer Molding Company .
MTR Western was founded in Seattle , Washington in 2003 by Darren Berg with four Prevost H3 - 45 motorcoaches .
Greenmuseum.org is a nonprofit online museum of environmental art . Since its launch in 2001 , greenmuseum.org has become a source for information about this global art movement , which includes eco - art ( or ecological art ) , land art , art in nature and related terms .
Auto Windscreens was established in 2011 after the collapse of the previous company , which had operated since 1971 .
Care for the Wild International is an animal charity , a non - governmental organization established in 1984 and based in the United Kingdom .
The American Peace Society is a pacifist group founded upon the initiative of William Ladd , in New York City , May 8 , 1828 .
ET Solar is a solar cell manufacturer established in 2005 .
Altern-8 was formed in Stafford in 1990 , as a side project to the already successful Nexus 21 ( a name chosen because of its `` futuristic house sound '' ) , when both members were aged 21 .
UMAA has held annual conventions since 2002 in Washington DC and Toronto , Canada .
The Glasgow University Dialectic Society , re - instituted in 1861 , is a student society at the University of Glasgow , Scotland , committed to the promotion of debating , logic , ethics and literary discussion at the University .
Kiwi Yogurt is a franchise of frozen yogurt outlets which started in 2008 in Cherry Hill , New Jersey .
Founded in 1998 ( being previously a part of the University of Salerno ) , The University of Sannio is a modern and dynamic institution in constant evolution .
The Korea Institute of Public Administration ( KIPA ) is a government - sponsored research institute in South Korea , established in October 1991 .
The Donots are a rock band from Germany , formed in 1993 in Ibbenbüren .
College of the Atlantic ( COA ) , founded in 1969 , is a private , liberal - arts college located in Bar Harbor on Mount Desert Island , Maine , United States .
Founded following the resolution passed by the Municipal Council Board of Venice on March 3rd 2008 , the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia ( MUVE ) manages and develops the cultural and artistic heritage of Venice and islands .
ThinkFilm ( stylized as TH!NKFilm ) was a U.S. film distribution company founded in September 2001 .
The Reichsnährstand was founded by the Reichsnahrstandsgesetz ( decree ) of 13 September 1933 ; it was led by R. Walther Darré .
Róðrarfelagið Knørrur is a Faroese rowing club in Tórshavn , which was founded on 28 February 1985 .
The Advance Australia Party ( AAP ) , originally known as the Rex Connor Labor Party , is a minor political party in Australia , was founded in 1988 by the son of former Whitlam Government Minister , Rex Connor after leaving the Australian Labor Party .
In 2010 , Alma Mater Europaea was officially established , with Felix Unger being appointed as its first president , while the German political scientist Werner Weidenfeld became the first rector , and the Slovenian lawyer and diplomat Ludvik Toplak the first prorector .
Founded in 1994 , Wauton Samuel became a limited company in 1999 and operates in the same market as larger companies such as SIMS.net .
Afra Airlines was a privately owned Ghanaian airline , established in 2003 in Accra .
Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust is a Mumbai - based NGO that works with the injecting drug using community since 1995 , preventing HIV / AIDS through education and needle - exchange programme & disposals .
Hunter Valentine is an alternative rock band formed in 2004 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Estonian Academy of Security Sciences ( Estonian : Sisekaitseakadeemia ) is a public vocational university in Estonia , established on 15 April 1992 .
The first meeting of the German bishops took place in Würzburg in 1848 , and in 1867 the Fulda Conference of Bishops ( `` next to the grave of St. Boniface '' ) was established , which reorganized as German Bishops ' Conference in 1966 .
The Vancouver Art Gallery was founded in 1931 and had its first home at 1145 West Georgia Street .
The Delaware Historical Society began in 1864 as an effort to preserve documents from the Civil War .
RiskVal Financial Solutions was founded by current President and CEO Jordan Hu in 2001 .
In July 1945 , the original Czarni Słupsk team was formed , by railway workers who moved from Krakow to Słupsk after World War II . The club was originated as a association football club , but in 1989 the basketball section was founded .
The origins of the Waldhaus go back to the foundation in 1869 of the `` Waldhaus - Flims cure and lake - bathing establishment '' ( `` Kur- und Seebadanstalt Waldhaus Flims '' ) .
The New York City Master Chorale ( NYCMC ) is a 60-person non - profit chorus founded in 2005 and directed by Dr. Thea Kano with the mission `` to make a significant statement for choral excellence . ''
Radical Dance Faction ( RDF ) were founded by Chris Bowsher in Hungerford in 1986 , and were originally known as ' Military Surplus ' .
Pi Studios was a computer game software developer founded in 2002 by Robert Erwin , John Faulkenbury , Rob Heironimus , Dan Kramer and Peter Mack whose first commercial work can be found in Activision 's Call of Duty :
Following a feasibility trip to the US and seeing the work of New Leaders , The Future Leaders Trust was set up in 2006 as an independent charity by Absolute Return for Kids , National College for Teaching and Leadership , and The Schools Network .
GraphicAudio began in 2004 and is a subdivision of The Cutting Corporation , Inc. The Cutting Corporation , an audio production facility , has been around since 1971 .
The channel launched on April 4 , 2006 as ATN B4U Music initially on Rogers Cable .
Comarit operated a freight and passenger ferry service between Morocco and Spain , France and Italy from 1984 to 2012 .
The Stunning are an Irish rock band formed in 1987 .
WCKD - LP went on the air April 16 , 1994 as W30BF , carrying PBS programming as part of Maine Public Television Plus , the state 's secondary public television network .
The Prize was originally known as the ABR Short Story Competition when it was established in 2010 , however the ABR renamed the award ' in honour of Elizabeth Jolley , and first awarded it under its new name , the ABR Elizabeth Jolley Short Story Prize , in 2011 ' .
CipherCloud was founded in 2010 by Pravin Kothari , who previously co - founded ArcSight .
West Yorkshire came into existence as a metropolitan county in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972 .
Monrose was a German pop girl group , first established in November 2006 .
Higher State is a dance record company and music publishing company founded in 1992 by House music producers and DJs Dillon & Dickins ( Marc Dillon & Patrick Dickins ) which incorporates the three record labels Higher State , 99 North and 99 Degrees .
Tone Dogs was an avant - prog group founded in 1987 by bassist Fred Chalenor and vocalist / saxophonist Amy Denio , who comprised the nucleus of the band .
The first Global Peter Drucker Forum was held on November 19 , 2009 , marking what would have been the 100th birthday of the late Peter Drucker .
A&W Cream Soda is a cream soda carbonated soft drink introduced by A&W Root Beer in 1986 .
TÜV SÜD 's roots date back to the first steam boiler inspection association , founded by steam boiler operators in 1866 in Mannheim as a private - sector regulatory body .
Ala Littoria was formed in 1934 by a merger of Società Aerea Mediterranea ( SAM ) , Società Anonima Navigazione Aerea ( SANA ) , Società Italiana Servizi Aerei ( SISA ) and Aero Espresso Italiana ( AEI ) .
The Ljubljana International Film Festival ( also known as LIFFe ) is an international film festival established in 1990 and held annually in Ljubljana , Slovenia .
Kabul Dreams is an indie rock band formed in Kabul , Afghanistan in 2008 .
The station first took its callsign WANJ on July 10 , 1995 and then changed to its current WNRN on March 29 , 1996 .
Grays Harbor Historical Seaport Authority is a government authority created in 1986 by the city of Aberdeen , Washington as a 501(c)(3 ) corporation .
Vanguard Airlines started service in 1994 .
Lady Bunny said that 2001 's Wigstock would be the last , but in 2003 , 2004 , and 2005 , Wigstock and Bunny returned to Tompkins Square , this time under the auspices of the Howl Festival .
Blackwater Elite is a professional basketball team owned by Ever Bilena Cosmetics , Inc. that is playing in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) beginning in the 2014 - -2015 season .
The Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization , generally known as the Heinlein Prize , was founded in 1988 to reward individuals who make practical contributions to the commercialization of space .
Hip Hop TV is an Italian Music TV channel devoted to hip hop , rap and rhythm and blues music , launched in Italy on SKY Italia channel 720 on October 1 , 2008 with the song Laffy Taffy by D4L.
American Siren is a beauty contest started November 2010 .
Math for America ( MƒA ) is a nonprofit organization , founded in January 2004 by mathematician Jim Simons with a mission to improve mathematics education in United States public schools by recruiting , training , and retaining highly qualified secondary school mathematics teachers .
Negotiations started in 1914 , and on 12 January 1915 Gnome bought out Le Rhône to form Société des Moteurs Gnome et Rhône .
The station is currently owned by Crawford Broadcasting Company and licensed to subsidiary Kiertron , Inc. KCBC was formerly KPLA and was News / Talk from 1991 until 1993 .
The Animation Show is a touring festival of animated short films that was first held in fall 2003 .
Vulcan Capital Management ( not to be confused with Vulcan Inc. and its investment arm Vulcan Capital founded by Paul Allen ) was founded in May 1997 by Ford Graham and Kevin Davis , and maintains principal offices in New York , NY and Houston , TX .
United Streetcar , LLC , was an American manufacturer of modern streetcars , located in the Clackamas area in the southeastern suburbs of Portland , Oregon , founded in 2005 .
The Ação Libertadora Nacional ( ALN ) , the National Liberation Action , was a Brazilian communist guerrilla movement formed in the last months of 1967 to stand against the military dictatorship of 1964 - -1985 .
Pro TV ( Romanian pronunciation : ( proteˈve ) ) is the third Romanian private TV Channel ( after the now - defunct Tele7ABC and Antena 1 ) , launched in December 1995 that reaches almost 99 % of Romania 's 21.5 million people and has 48 % of its broadcast schedule comprising locally produced programs .
Taibah University ( Arabic : جامعة طيبة‎ ) is a university in Medina , Saudi Arabia , established in 2003 .
Rotana Media Services also known by its initials RMS ( or rms ) is the media marketing and advertising wing of Rotana Group established in 2004 and provides advertising services and comprehensive media services to the various radio stations and television channels run by Rotana .
The Women of Color Resource Center is an American civic organization founded in 1990 by executive director Linda Burnham , a long time activist and author .
Eastern Conference Champions ( also known as ECC ) was formed by Joshua Ostrander and Greg Lyons in 2005 , shortly after leaving the rock band Laguardia .
The University of the Balearic Islands ( Catalan : Universitat de les Illes Balears , UIB ; IPA : ( univərsiˈtad də ɫəz ˈiʎəz βəɫəˈas ) ; Spanish : Universidad de las Islas Baleares ) is a Balearic Spanish university , founded in 1978 and located in Palma on the island of Majorca .
Seagull Book & Tape was founded in 1987 by V. Lewis Kofford , the owner of LDS publisher Covenant Communications .
Ashbury Heights is an electronic music band formed in 2005 in Sundsvall , Medelpad , Sweden .
The title Duke of York was first created in the Peerage of England in 1385 for Edmund of Langley , the fourth surviving son of Edward III , and an important character in Shakespeare 's Richard II . His son Edward , who inherited the title , was killed at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415 .
Minimal Wave Records is a New York City based independent record label founded by Veronica Vasicka in 2005 .
The Newberry Library is an independent research library , specializing in the humanities and located in Chicago , Illinois , that has been free and open to the public since 1887 .
Tallac Records is the label created in 2004 by the French rapper Booba .
1947 saw the establishment of Verbund as `` Österreichische Elektrizitätswirtschafts - AG '' through the second nationalization act .
Madball was founded in 1988 and featured most of Agnostic Front 's members .
Aero Commander was an aircraft manufacturer formed in 1944 .
The station 's broadcast license is held by Big South Community Broadcasting , Inc. Launched in 2008 under the `` WJBE '' call sign , WJBE - FM serves Alabama 's Walker and Winston Counties .
Free University of Ireland ( Saor - Ollscoil na hÉireann ) is an independent university in Prussia Street , Dublin , Ireland established in 1986 by a small group of educationalists including Daragh Smyth , Paul John Cannon , Kevin O'Byrne , Padraig O'Fiannachta , and Mairéad Ní Chíosóig .
Gibbard started the project in the spring of 1997 , and a series of recordings resulted in two lo - fi EPs , ¡ All - Time Quarterback ! and The Envelope Sessions , released in 1999 on Elsinor Records , which was documenting the Bellingham , Washington music scene .
Africadoc was founded in 2002 , initially expanding within French - speaking African countries .
Palestina , Peru is a town in the district and province of Purús in the Ucayali Region of Peru , founded in 1994 .
Serra Macaense Futebol Clube , usually known as Serra Macaense , is a Brazilian football team from the city of Macaé , Rio de Janeiro state , founded on December 29 , 1992 .
The Arthur Rense Prize was established in 1998 when Paige Rense started the award of $ 20,000 in memory of her husband , the sportswriter and poet Arthur Rense .
Sven Gali was a hard rock / glam metal band which originally started as a cover band in 1987 in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
In 1998 , the Theoretical and the Clinical parts of this institute segregated and the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology became an independent institute .
In 1996 , the first Pizza Capers store opened in suburb Kenmore , Queensland and a year later , in 1997 , another store opened in Toowong , another suburb in Queensland .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana was built in 1996 in order to begin production of a full - size pickup truck solely for the U.S. Market .
The Doug Moran National Portrait Prize is an annual Australian portrait prize founded by Doug Moran in 1988 , the year of Australia 's Bicentenary .
The Don Cossacks Choir Russia ( Хор Донских казаков России , 1992 ) is a Russian folk choir of returned exiles and native Russian cossacks led by the Dutch conductor Marcel Verhoeff ( Russian ; Марсель Верхуфф ) .
Koktebel Jazz Festival ( KJF ) kicked off in 2003 as an attempt to revive Koktebel 's status as the cultural center of the region , back at its days famous all over the country .
Diet Coke with Citrus Zest is produced by the Coca - Cola Company and was introduced in 2007 .
World Changers Academy was founded in August 2002 by Sizwe Mthembu ( a pastor , former teacher and businessman from northern KwaZulu Natal ) and Joe White ( an American who lived for five years in KwaNyuswa , a semi - rural Zulu community near Durban , doing community empowerment work ) .
In May 2004 , Genworth Financial was formed out of various insurance businesses of General Electric in the largest IPO of that year .
Based on the coral reproduction research of Dr. Dirk Petersen at the Rotterdam Zoo ( The Netherlands ) , SECORE was born in 2002 .
Gjøvik University College was established 1 August 1994 in the town of Gjøvik when two governmental colleges Gjøvik College of Engineering and Oppland College of Nursing were combined as part of the a large reform of Norway 's colleges .
City of Bristol Choir was formed in 1991 by Malcolm Archer ( now organist and director of music at Winchester College ) .
The NAPA Auto Parts 200 Presented by Dodge ( French title : NAPA Pièces d'auto 200 présenté par Dodge ) was a NASCAR Nationwide Series race that took place at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal , Quebec , Canada from 2007 to 2012 .
Russian Armenia is the period of Armenian history under Russian rule from 1828 , when Eastern Armenia became part of the Russian Empire following Qajar Iran 's loss in the Russo - Persian War ( 1826 - -1828 ) and the subsequent ceding of its territories that included Eastern Armenia per the out coming Treaty of Turkmenchay of 1828 .
Queer Nation is an LGBTQ activist organization founded in March 1990 in New York City , by HIV / AIDS activists from ACT UP .
The Xiamen International Marathon , which began in 2003 and is deemed by the IAAF as a Gold Label Road Race , is famous for its coastal scenic course .
Athens 98.4 FM ( Greek : Αθήνα 9.84 ) is the first non - state radio station to begin broadcasting in Greece in 1987 .
Hazakim started making music in 1997 .
The Mess was a French girl band who took part in season 5 of French reality television series Popstars in 2013 on French channel D8 winning the final on 2 July 2013 against eventual runner - up , the electro pop - rock duo Oslo made up of Eugénie and Vincent .
Globe Trade Centre S.A. ( GTC ) is a real estate development company established in 1994 .
Moonlife first appeared in 1999 performing live shows in California , USA , and releasing music on mp3.com .
The National Forum on Europe ( Irish : Fóram Náisiúnta um an Eoraip ) was established by Taoiseach Bertie Ahern , TD , in the aftermath of the rejection of the Treaty of Nice by the Irish people in 2001 .
The Western Sizzlers are an American band established in 2013 by ex Georgia Satellites manager Kevin Jennings and guitarist / singer of the Satellites , Rick Richards .
Restore and Build Kenya ( RBK ) is a Kenyan political party launched in April 2012 by former Permanent Secretary Professor James ole Kiyiapi as part of his campaign to become the fourth President of Kenya .
The Association Arcadie was founded in 1954 as the first homophile group in French history .
Cradleboard Teaching Project , founded in 1997 by singer / song - writer Buffy Sainte - Marie , has developed a curriculum that aims to raise self - identity and self - esteem in present and future generations of Indian children by introducing them to enriching , accurate information about Native American people and cultures .
Ningbo University was established in 1986 by the donation of Yue - Kong Pao .
Raul Cortina , his brother and uncle started Cortina Cycles in Mexico in 1955 , in a small bike shop in Mexico City .
TV Girl ( 2010 ) Benny and the Jetts ( 2011 ) Lonely Women ( 2013 )
A.F.C. Liverpool is a semi - professional English football club set up by 1,000 Liverpool Football Club fans in 2008 .
St Anne 's Catholic High School opened on September 1 , 1994 following the amalgamation of Holy Family Convent School and St Angela 's School for Girls .
The Dog Legislation Council of Canada ( DLCC ) , ( 2003 - -Present ) is a non - profit organization in support of dogs , which is located in Canada .
In 1839 the Lokomotivfabrik der StEG became the first Austro - Hungarian locomotive works to be founded and it produced many influential locomotive designs .
They came together in 2006 to release a self - titled album called The Cake Sale .
Cape D'Aguilar Marine Reserve ( Chinese : 鶴咀海岸保護區 ) designated in July 1996 , is the only Marine Reserve in Hong Kong .
Sky News Weather Channel started broadcasting on 1 January 1999 under the name `` Weather 21 '' : channel 21 on the Austar channel line - up .
The Feurich piano company was founded in 1851 in Leipzig , Germany , by Julius Gustav Feurich and has been family operated for five generations becoming renowned for the quality of its pianos .
Image & Form Games is a video game developer and publisher founded in 1997 by Brjánn Sigurgeirsson .
Archive Team is a group dedicated to preserving digital history that was founded by Jason Scott in 2009 .
Hotel Rival , formerly Hotel Aston , is a hotel founded on September 1st 2003 at Mariatorget on Södermalm in Stockholm , owned by former ABBA - musician Benny Andersson .
Faceshift is a metal band , formed in 2005 in Stockholm , Sweden .
DAVIC , Digital Audio Video Council , was founded in 1994 with the aim of promoting the success of interactive digital audio - visual applications and services by promulgating specifications of open interfaces and protocols that maximise interoperability , not only across geographical boundaries but also across diverse applications , services and industries .
Samajwadi Janata Party ( Rashtriya ) ( SJP(R ) ) is an Indian political party founded by Chandra Shekhar , Prime Minister in 1990 - -91 , and led by him until his death on July 8 , 2007 .
The American Society for Engineering Education ( ASEE ) is a non - profit member association , founded in 1893 , dedicated to promoting and improving engineering and engineering technology education .
The Cedar Rapids Independent Film Festival was founded in 2001 to provide a venue for Iowa filmmakers to show their work and for the general public to view the best of the state 's filmmaking industry .
The Western Association of Physicians ( WAP ) is a regional health association of academic physician - scientists founded in 1955 by Robert Williams , the Chair of the Department of Medicine at the University of Washington , and other eminent physicians with the aim of establishing a western society analogous to the Association of American Physicians .
The Winstock Country Music Festival was started in 1994 by a group of Holy Trinity School and Parish boosters .
Progressive Dane is an independent , progressive political party in Dane County , Wisconsin founded in the fall of 1992 .
Since their inception in 2004 , Look Mexico have released two full - length albums and four EPs , touring extensively in their support .
In 2012 , Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly has passed Apex Professional University Act , which received Governor of Arunachal Pradesh assent on 8 May 2013 .
The Greater Nottingham Partnership ( GNP ) was formed in 1994 by Nottingham City Council and Nottinghamshire County Council with the aim of improving partnership working across the Greater Nottingham conurbation and attracting more government regeneration funding into the area .
Following the granting of sovereignty to the Transvaal Republic , the British recognised the independence of the Orange River Sovereignty on 17 February 1854 and the country officially became independent as the Orange Free State on 23 February 1854 , with the signing of the Orange River Convention .
Upper Abkhazia ( Georgian : ზემო აფხაზეთი , Zemo Apkhazeti ; Abkhaz : Аҧсны хыхьтəи , Apsny khykh'twi ) is a term introduced in 2006 , to denote the northeastern part of the disputed territory of Abkhazia , that had remained under Georgian control after the 1992 - 1993 War in Abkhazia .
The Wilds officially opened to the public for tours in 1994 .
Kabaret OT.TO is a Polish musical comedy group founded in 1987 by Wiesław Tupaczewski .
By 1994 it evolved into a Rock en Español format as `` More FM '' , with the XHMORE - FM callsign , during its first incarnation , which lasted until 2004 , when it flipped to English rhythmic contemporary as `` Blazin ' 98.9 '' .
In 2005 , Crompton acquired Great Lakes Chemical Company , Inc. , of West Lafayette , Indiana , to form Chemtura Corporation .
Equmenia , officially written equmenia , is a Swedish Christian youth organization founded in 2007 as a merger of the three previous organization Mission Covenant Youth of Sweden ( SMU ) , Baptist Union Youth of Sweden ( SBUF ) , and United Methodist Church Youth of Sweden ( MKU ) .
Dulle Griet ( anglicized as Dull Gret ) , also known as Mad Meg , is a figure of Flemish folklore who is the subject of a 1562 oil - on - panel by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder .
Caracol Televisión started in 1954 when Organización de Radiodifusora Caracol offered to afford national television costs , then state - run , through commercial spots .
Hapkidowon ( Hangul:합기도원 ) was founded by Hong Sik Myung in 1981 in the US state of Michigan .
King & Wood Mallesons formed on 1 March 2012 as a combination of Chinese firm King & Wood PRC Lawyers and Australian firm Mallesons Stephen Jaques , following votes in November 2011 .
CQout was launched in 1999 by three London Business School Graduates , namely Tony Newton , founder and creative director , Siamak Bashi , now the company 's CEO , and Mike Rees .
Hen'badhoo School , formerly Hen'badhoo Makuthab , is a Northern Region community school on Hen'badhoo Atoll in the Maldives which opened in 1993 .
Sky Scottish was a short lived satellite television channel operating on the analogue Sky TV service for 18 months ( between 1 November 1996 and 31 May 1998 ) .
The Alberta Militia District was reformed into 41 Canadian Brigade Group on 1 April 1997 .
Park Hyatt Goa Resort and Spa is a 5-star resort in South Goa that opened in January 2003 .
The current modern University of Murcia was founded in 1915 , making it the tenth oldest university in Spain among the modern universities , but its seal carries the date of the thirteenth century founding .
The Parliament of Andalusia voted unanimously in 1983 that the preamble to the Statute of Autonomy recognize Blas Infante as the Father of the Andalusian Nation ( Padre de la Patria Andaluza ) , which was reaffirmed in the reformed Statute of Autonomy submitted to popular referendum 18 February 2007 .
Khyber News is a satellite television station in Pakistan , which was launched in August 2007 .
Kinsale Community School officially began on August 1 , 1996 , following the amalgamation of two schools , `` Our Lady of the Rosary Secondary School '' and `` Kinsale Vocational School '' with 500 students .
FC Lyubimets ( Bulgarian : ФК Любимец 2007 ) is a Bulgarian professional football club based in Lyubimets .
The office of the Keeper of the Rulers ' Seal was established in preparation for the first meeting of the Conference of Rulers on February 18 , 1948 .
The Second Yuying Foreign Languages School of Nanjing is a Civil - operating school of State - owned established in 1993 .
The Christian Unity Party was founded on 26 September 1998 with the merging of the New Future Coalition Party and the Christian Conservative Party .
The Libyan Popular National Movement ( Arabic : الحركة الوطنية الشعبية الليبية‎ ) is a political movement established by former Libyan officials on 15 February 2012 .
Coalition to Reduce Spending was founded in May , 2012 .
The Society for Development and Change ( Arabic : جمعية التنمية والتغيير‎ ) is a Saudi Arabian human rights non - governmental organisation started in September 2011 that campaigns for equal human rights for Shia in Eastern Province , Saudi Arabia .
Loita High School is a mixed - boarding secondary school in the Entasekera area of Loita Division , Narok District , Rift Valley Province , Kenya , founded in 2006 .
The Connecticut Coasters were a Roller Hockey International franchise based in New Haven , Connecticut , that played only in the 1993 season .
Founded in 1959 and now comprising five wings , nearly 8,000 works and more than 38,000 square feet of exhibition space , the Colby College Museum of Art has built a collection that specializes in American and contemporary art with additional , select collections of Chinese antiquities and European paintings and works on paper .
Meathook Seed was an industrial metal project formed in 1992 by Napalm Death guitarist Mitch Harris .
The Getaway People formed in Stavanger , Norway in 1994 with the intention to `` write songs about getting away from everyday pressures through whatever means necessary to give breathing space so we can function better . ''
Operating in Vietnam since 2001 , Mekong Capital is one of the first private equity firms to engage Vietnam , and has completed 26 private equity investments in Vietnam through 3 funds with approximately 25 full - time employees .
Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy , and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group .
The company was originally founded as Envision EMI in 1985 by Barbara Harris and Richard Rossi .
Svarog Films ( Russian : Сварог Фильм ) is a Russian independent film company founded in 1998 in St . Petersburg .
Fanmi Lavalas was formed in 1996 as a split by Aristide from the smaller Struggling People 's Party ( OPL ) .
Generation Progress , launched as Campus Progress in February 2005 and renamed Generation Progress in July 2013 , is an American non - profit advocacy group that promotes progressive political and social policy through support for student activists and journalists on college campuses in the United States .
Eugen Verpoorten founded the company in 1876 in Heinsberg , Germany .
The Miss Universe Botswana is a beauty pageant that was first held in 1999 , with winner competing in the Miss Universe pageant .
Steg - Hohtenn was created on 1 January 2009 through the merger of the former municipalities of Steg and Hohtenn .
The Arizona Rangers were created by the Arizona Territorial Legislature in 1901 , disbanded in 1909 , and subsequently reformed in 1957 .
HKND was founded in 2012 with the purpose to develop the Nicaragua Canal as a wider and deeper alternative to the Panama Canal .
Established in 1909 , FC Nitra is one of the oldest football clubs in Slovakia .
The Crocolandia Foundation Inc. , founded in 2001 , is a nature conservation center located in Talisay City , Cebu , Philippines .
The station was assigned the KALH - LP call sign on September 14 , 2004 , and was granted its license to cover on January 6 , 2006 .
Sderot was founded in 1951 on lands that belonged to the Palestinian Arab village of Najd and is located a few miles south of the village 's ruins .
The formation of the International Freedom Battalion was announced on 10 June 2015 in Serê Kaniyê ( Ras al - Ayn ) .
Bennett Alliance is a New York City - based record label and music production company serving Massachusetts and New York since 2003 .
Founded as The Queen 's Club Limited on 19 August 1886 by Evan Charteris , George Francis and Algernon Grosvener , the Queen 's Club was the world 's second multipurpose sports complex , after the Prince 's Club , and became the only one after the Prince 's Club relocated to Knightsbridge and lost its outdoor sports facilities .
Uncle Tupelo was an alternative country music group from Belleville , Illinois , active between 1987 and 1994 .
On March 26 , 2006 , Same Same released their first album , The Meaning of Happy , and in the summer of 2006 started an international tour throughout Thailand , Indonesia and the Philippines .
The Safety Fire was a British progressive metal band formed in London in 2006 .
The channel launched on the 28 June 1999 as TV You , but was rebranded UTV2 in 2000 .
As the first mixed choir in Vienna , the Wiener Singakademie was founded in 1858 to establish a `` Singübungsanstalt '' - an institution for the training of voices .
WFNQ signed on October 19 , 1987 as WHOB , under the ownership of Mario DiCarlo .
Bank Muamalat Malaysia Berhad ( Jawi : بڠك معاملة مليسيا ) started its operations on 1 October 1999 with a combined assets and liabilities brought over from the Islamic banking windows of the then Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Berhad , Bank of Commerce ( M ) Berhad and BBMB Kewangan .
Founded in 1955 , International Schools Services ( ISS ) was created as a nonprofit organization dedicated to assisting the international and American schools that were proliferating at that time .
The Love Bülow is an Indie Rap band from Berlin , created in 2008 .
Mountain Wilderness was founded in 1987 in Biella , Italy during an international conference convened by Ludovico Sella , scion of a prominent piedmontese family of financiers , statesmen and mountaineers , among which Quintino Sella , the 19th century founder of the Italian Alpine Club .
Bill Cheatham was a roadie for the original Stooges , and in 1970 joined the group on second guitar .
Hans Deinzer ( 14 January 1934 , Nuremberg , Germany ) is a clarinetist and clarinet teacher .
Ed Masuga 's music is characterized by acoustic guitar fingerpicking and a strong yet mellifluous vocal style .
Yaron Hasson is an Israeli guitar player .
Octa Clark ( April 30 , 1904 in Judice , Louisiana -- September 11 , 1998 in Lafayette , Louisiana ) was an American Cajun accordion player .
The band is currently composed of Megitza on vocals and upright bass , Andreas Kapsalis on acoustic guitar , Marek Lichota on bayan ( accordion ) , and Jamie Gallagher on drums and percussion .
Bill Steer ( born William Geoffrey Steer , 3 December 1969 ) is a British guitar player , and co - founder of the extreme metal band Carcass .
Langhorne Slim -- vocals , guitar ( harmonica , piano , banjo , dancing ) Malachi DeLorenzo -- drums Jeff Ratner -- bass
Fritz Spindler ( Wurzbach , 24 November 1817 -- Niederlößnitz / Radebeul , near Dresden , 26 December 1905 ) was a German pianist and composer , especially of works for the piano .
Steven Springer ( born Steven Anthony Springer ) ( September 23 , 1951 -- September 10 , 2012 ) was an American guitarist and songwriter known for his innovative smooth soft touch guitar style .
Audun Erlien ( born 22 February 1967 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian , Jazz musician ( bass guitar , guitar and electronica ) , known from several albums in various genres .
Aleksander Maaker ( 20 October ( O.S. 8 October ) 1890 in Muda , Hiiumaa -- 28 January 1968 ) , nicknamed Torupilli - Sass was a folk musician , a player of the traditional torupill , the Estonian bagpipe .
Mine Kawakami ( born 1969 ) is a Japanese piano player and composer .
Paul Winter ( born August 31 , 1939 ) is an American saxophonist ( alto and soprano saxophone ) , and is a six - time Grammy Award nominee .
Keith Moseley ( born February 5 , 1965 ) is an American musician and songwriter , who plays bass guitar among other instruments for The String Cheese Incident , a jamband from Boulder , Colorado , of which he was a founding member .
The son of an amateur cornet player , Ward Pinkett started playing the trumpet when he was ten years old .
Stefan Dohr ( born September 3 , 1965 in Münster ) is a German horn player and currently the principal horn of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra ( Berliner Philharmoniker ) .
Eric Drew Feldman ( born April 16 , 1955 ) is an American keyboard and bass guitar player .
Staffan William - Olsson ( born 13 December 1959 in Gothenburg , Sweden ) is a Swedish Jazz musician ( guitar ) and composer , known guitarist of The Real Thing , and the collaborations with the likes of Bob Berg , Lee Konitz and Palle Mikkelborg .
Mick Dyche ( born 1951 ) is an English rock and folk guitarist , and former member of 1970s soft rock band Sniff ' n ' the Tears , who played guitar on their only major hit `` Driver 's Seat '' .
Debashish Bhattacharya ( Bengali : ভট্টাচার্য , Hindi : देबाशीष भट्टाचार्य , Devāśiṣ Bhaṭṭācārya , born 12 January 1963 ) is an Indian classical musician who plays the lap slide guitar .
Zachary Hietala plays guitar in Marenne , and is one of the composers in the band 's debut album that was released in February 2009 .
Craig Bloxom was the bass player / singer of Australian ska / rock band vSpy vSpy which formed in Sydney in 1981 with Mike Weiley on guitar and Cliff Grigg on drums .
Julian Priester ( born June 29 , 1935 in Chicago ) is an American jazz trombone player and composer .
Johnny Colt ( born Charles Brandt ; May 1 , 1966 , Cherry Point , North Carolina ) is an American bass guitar player .
Rémi Gaillard ( born 7 February 1975 in Montpellier , France ) is a French prankster who uploads videos on YouTube .
WJVL ( 99.9 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Janesville , Wisconsin , and serving the areas of Madison , Wisconsin , to the Rockford , Illinois , area .
Win 94.6 FM was a FM radio channel in Mumbai , India that played Hindi songs .
WJLX ( 1240 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jasper , Alabama .
WUOM ( 91.7 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station in Ann Arbor , Michigan , licensed to the University of Michigan .
CFYN was a Canadian AM radio station , which broadcast at 1050 kHz in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario from 1977 to 1992 .
KHWK ( 92.7 FM ) was a radio station licensed to Tonopah , carrying an adult contemporary format .
KRCH ( `` Laser 101.7 '' ) is a radio station owned by iHeartMedia ( formerly Clear Channel Communications ) which broadcasts from Rochester , Minnesota .
WBZD - FM ( 93.3 FM ) is an oldies music formatted radio station licensed to Muncy , Pennsylvania , USA .
KAZR is an FM radio station licensed to Pella , Iowa , with studios in Des Moines , Iowa .
WEHM ( 92.9 FM ) is an Adult album alternative formatted radio station that is licensed to Manorville , New York and serves eastern Long Island .
WRGN ( 88.1 FM ) is a Christian radio station licensed to Sweet Valley , Pennsylvania , serving Northeastern Pennsylvania .
UJFM 95.4 is a Community Radio Station , based at the University of Johannesburg , Bunting Road Campus .
WBPT ( 106.9 FM , `` 106 - 9 The Eagle '' ) is a classic rock music - formatted radio station licensed to Homewood , Alabama , that serves the Birmingham and central Alabama area .
WEGW is a Mainstream Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wheeling , West Virginia , serving the Wheeling / Steubenville .
KIPR ( 92.3 FM , `` Power 92 Jams '' ) is a commercial radio station carrying an urban contemporary format located in Little Rock , Arkansas and licensed to Pine Bluff .
WKSF ( `` Kiss Country '' ) is a country music station licensed to serve Old Fort , North Carolina .
KZIQ - FM ( 92.7 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting from Ridgecrest , California , with a hot adult contemporary format .
WLGT ( 98.3 FM , 98.3 The Bridge ) is an American radio station licensed to Washington , North Carolina , USA .
WKDF ( 103.3 FM , `` 103.3 Nash FM '' ) is a Country music radio station broadcasting on a frequency of 103.3 MHz from Nashville , Tennessee .
CIME - FM is a French - language Canadian radio station located in Saint - Jérôme , Quebec , about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Montreal .
KNFM ( 92.3 FM ) , branded as `` Lonestar 92 '' , is a Country music formatted radio station that serves the Midland--
CJLF - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting a Contemporary Christian music format on 100.3 FM in Barrie , Ontario .
KXQQ - FM is a commercial radio station located in Henderson , Nevada , broadcasting in the Las Vegas , Nevada area on 100.5 FM .
WTOS - FM ( 105.1 FM ) , known as `` The Mountain of Pure Rock '' , is a commercial FM album - oriented rock ( AOR ) radio station licensed to Skowhegan , Maine whose studios are located in Augusta .
WBMW ( 106.5 FM , `` Soft Rock 106.5 '' ) is an Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to Pawcatuck , Connecticut and serving the New London , Connecticut area .
The Iron Mountain District , also known as the Iron Springs District , is a large , high - grade iron deposit in southwestern Utah , near Cedar City .
Santa Fé de Toloca ( Teleco , Toloco or Señor Santo Tómas de Santa Fé ) was a Spanish mission that existed near the Santa Fe River in the northwestern part of what is now Alachua County , Florida , United States during the 17th century .
Bragança District ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( bɾɐˈɣɐ̃sɐ ) ; Portuguese : Distrito de Bragança ; Mirandese : Çtrito de Bergáncia ) is a traditional political division of Portugal , in the northeast corner bordering on Spain , covering 7.4 % of the nations continental landmass .
Nonankuppam ( Tamil : நோணாங்குப்பம் ) is a part of Ariyankuppam ( West ) village in Ariyankuppam Commune Panchayat in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Foley Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 5R4 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 4 mi , 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Foley , a city in Baldwin County , Alabama , United States .
Efzar District ( Persian : بخش افزر‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
East Ilsley is a village and civil parish in the Berkshire or Lambourn Downs northern part of West Berkshire , north of Newbury centred immediately east of the A34 road dual carriageway which passes through the length of the village from north to south .
Scripps Canyon is a narrow underwater gorge located in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of southern California , USA .
Hajj Amir - e Vanehbin ( Persian : حاج اميرونه بين‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Āmīr - e Vanehbīn and Ḩāj Āmīr - e Vanehbīn ; also known as Vaneh Bīn ) is a village in Heyran Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Lycée Lamartine is a French institute of secondary education in the 9th arrondissement of Paris .
Kiens ( Italian : Chienes ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Bolzano .
Gowd - e Konark ( Persian : گودكنارك‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Konārak ; also known as Gowd - e Gūnārk ) is a village in Pariz Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Estadio El Teniente , also known as Estadio El Teniente Codelco for sponsorship reasons , is a multi - purpose stadium in Rancagua , Chile .
Slave Lake is a small town in northern Alberta , Canada about 200 km northwest of Edmonton and a similar distance southwest of Fort McMurray .
Piranch ( Persian : پيرانچ‎ , also Romanized as Pīrānch ; also known as Bīranj , Pīranj , and Pīrūnj ) is a village in Damen Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kaleh Chu ( Persian : كاله چو‎ , also Romanized as Kāleh Chū ; also known as Kālāchū and Kāl Chūyeh ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mill Hill Park is a large ( 14.3 hectare ) public park in Mill Hill in the London Borough of Barnet .
Morzywół ( mɔˈʐɨvuu̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Cogley Island is an alluvial island in the Allegheny River in North Buffalo Township , Armstrong County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Satanpur is a village comes in Samastipur district in Bihar .
Krasewicze - Czerepy ( krasɛˈvit͡ʂɛ t͡ʂɛˈrɛpɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wallenstein Palace ( Czech : Valdštejnský palác ) is a Baroque palace in Malá Strana , Prague , currently the home of the Czech Senate .
Wettingen Abbey ( Kloster Wettingen ) was a Cistercian monastery in Wettingen in the Swiss canton of Aargau .
Mroczki - Kawki ( ˈmrɔt͡ʂki ˈkafki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Makitani ( Cyrillic : Макитани ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mahoras Brook is an approximately 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) long spring - fed tributary of Waackaack Creek that flows through Monmouth County , New Jersey .
Bexley Grammar School , is a co - educational grammar school with academy status in Welling , in the London Borough of Bexley , UK .
Great Corby is a village in northern Cumbria , England , above the eastern bank of a wooded gorge on the River Eden .
The Hawaii Capital Historic District in Honolulu , Hawaii , has been the center of government ever since the earliest days of the unified Hawaiian Kingdom .
Adwalton is village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough , West Yorkshire , England .
Chevron Renaissance is a $ 400 million development on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia comprising both Chevron Renaissance Shopping Centre and Towers of Chevron Renaissance ( Mantra Towers of Chevron ) apartments .
Puget Creek is a small urban creek in the U.S. state of Washington , in the north end of Tacoma , It rises in Puget Park and flows north to Commencement Bay , part of Puget Sound .
Carncastle or Cairncastle ( from Irish : carn , meaning `` mound '' , and the English word `` castle '' ) is a small village and civil parish in County Antrim , Northern Ireland near the town of Larne and inland from the village of Ballygally .
Dr Cresswell 's Winchmore Hill published by the London Borough of Enfield Libraries .
The Metropolitan Remand Centre ( abbreviated and commonly referred to as MRC ) is an Australian prison located at Ravenhall , Victoria , approximately 20 kilometres from the Melbourne CBD on the Western Freeway ( Deer Park Bypass ) .
Mazenzele is a Flemish village in the Belgian province Flemish Brabant and also a district of the community Opwijk .
Kalenow - e Sofla ( Persian : كلنو سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kalenow - ye Soflá ; also known as Kalenow - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kids ' WB Fun Zone is a themed area of Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia based on the Looney Tunes cartoons .
Poole Forge is a historic iron forge complex and national historic district located at Narvon , Caernarvon Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Baltringen is a once autonomous village in Baden - Württemberg in the region of Upper Swabia , situated approximately 17 km north of Biberach .
Norwalk Harbor is a recreational and commercial harbor and seaport at the estuary of the Norwalk River where it flows into Long Island Sound in Norwalk , Connecticut , United States .
The Tally Toor in Leith , Edinburgh , Scotland , is one of the country 's three martello towers , the other two being at Hackness and Crockness in Orkney .
Długa Wieś Pierwsza ( ˈdwuɡa ˈvjɛɕ ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ipsden is a village and civil parish in the Chiltern Hills in South Oxfordshire , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) southeast of Wallingford .
Long Run Baptist Church and Cemetery ( also known as the Lincoln Cabin Site ) is a historic church and cemetery on Long Run Road in Eastwood , Kentucky .
Renfrewshire ( /ˈrɛnfruːʃɪər/ or /-ʃər/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Siorrachd Rinn Friù ) is one of 32 council areas of Scotland .
KCVM ( 93.5 FM ) is a commercial radio station located in Hudson , Iowa serving the Waterloo / Cedar Falls , Iowa area .
Ali Khvajeh ( Persian : علي خواجه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Khvājeh ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,418 , in 348 families .
Cats Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , Province of South Africa , on the road between Butterworth and Mazeppa Bay .
Qezel Ahmad ( Persian : قزل احمد‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Aḩmad ) is a village in Abbas - e Gharbi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gelnica District ( Slovak : okres Gelnica , Hungarian : Gölnicbányai járás ) is a district in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Zhavarud - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ژاورودشرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Areklu ( Persian : اركلو‎ , also Romanized as ' Areklū ; also known as Arīglū and Arīklū ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Elliott State Forest is a state forest in the Oregon Coast Range in Coos and Douglas counties , between Coos Bay and Reedsport .
The Netherlands Centennial Carillon is a 62-bell carillon located in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Sohana is a village located in Mohali District ( Punjab ) .
Lake Mead National Recreation Area is a U.S. National Recreation Area located in southeastern Nevada and northwestern Arizona .
Qayqalu ( Persian : قايقلو‎ , also Romanized as Qāyqalū ; also known as Ghow Ghlū Gūr - e Sefīd , Qūghlū Pā’īn , Qūqlī , Qūqlū , and Qūqlū Gar - e Sefīd ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fort Atkinson State Preserve is a state preserve of Iowa , USA , containing the remnants of Fort Atkinson , a U.S. Army frontier post created to keep the peace between various Native American tribes as well as prevent white settlers from encroaching on Indian lands .
KJKJ first signed on in 1985 as `` Rock 108 '' with an album - oriented rock ( AOR ) , a predecessor to today 's classic rock format , similar to that of the well - known KQRS - FM in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
The Butterfield Cobblestone House is on Bennett Corners Road in the Town of Clarendon , New York , United States , south of the village of Holley .
Kippford ( otherwise Scaur ) is a small village along the Solway coast , in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Tooele Valley Airport ( ICAO : KTVY , FAA LID : TVY ) , also known as Bolinder Field , is a public use airport in Tooele County , Utah , United States .
The Tabernacle School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Tabernacle Township , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Fife High School is located in the town of Fife , Washington .
Berestechko ( Ukrainian : Берестечко ; Polish : Beresteczko ) is a town in Horokhiv Raion , Volyn Oblast , Ukraine .
The Daniel Webster Memorial is a monument in Washington , D.C. honoring U.S. statesman Daniel Webster .
Jackson 's Mill State 4-H Camp Historic District , also known as West Virginia University Jackson 's Mill , is a historic 4-H camp and national historic district near Weston , Lewis County , West Virginia .
The Sondervick College is a Dutch catholic secondary school located in the village Veldhoven ( province Noord - Brabant ) .
Silverado Canyon is a roughly 2,500-foot - deep ( 760 m ) gorge in the Santa Ana Mountains , in the U.S. state of California .
McIntyre Ski Area is a city - owned ski area located in Derryfield Park in Manchester , New Hampshire , United States .
The Boulevard Mall is located at 3528 S. Maryland Pkwy in Paradise , Nevada , United States ( an unincorporated town in the Las Vegas Valley ) .
Estoublon is a commune in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence department in Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur in southeastern France .
Gonzaque Village ( formerly Hacienda Village ) , a public housing project located in Watts , Los Angeles , California , is operated by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles .
Naisi ( or Old Naisi ) is a community in the Southern Region of Malawi , now in effect a northern suburb of the city of Zomba .
Arun is a local government district in West Sussex , England .
Port Edgar is a marina on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth , immediately west of the Forth Road Bridge and the town of Queensferry , in West Lothian .
Kacevac ( Cyrillic : Кацевац ) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Deer Leap Falls is the third waterfall located in the George W. Childs Recreation Site , Pike County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Alamarvdasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان علامرودشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Alamarvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Windlesham is a village in the Surrey Heath borough of Surrey , England and civil parish that covers Bagshot and Lightwater in the same borough .
Mallik Island ( variant : Mallikjuaq Island , meaning `` big wave '' ) is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands of Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Tang Gach ( Persian : تنگگچ‎ ) is a village in Ruydar Rural District , Ruydar District , Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fathollah Bolaghi ( Persian : فتح اله بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Fatḩollāh Bolāghī ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lime Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California , United States , on northern side of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Bizoręda ( bizɔˈrɛnda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bahmanabad - e Jadid ( Persian : بهمن ابادجديد‎ , also Romanized as Bahmanābād - e Jadīd ; also known as Bahmanābād ) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Yale Bowl is a football stadium in New Haven , Connecticut on the border of West Haven , about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) west of the main campus of Yale University .
Woodson Bridge State Recreation Area is a woodland park located along the Sacramento River in Tehama County , California .
Kikha Mahalleh ( Persian : كيخامحله‎ , also Romanized as Kīkhā Maḩalleh ; also known as Kīākhā Maḩalleh ) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lemoore Union High School ( commonly known as Lemoore High School or Lemoore High ) is a public school located in Lemoore , California .
Birchmount Stadium is a multi - purpose outdoor sports facility in Toronto , Ontario , Canada near Kingston Road and Birchmount Road in Scarborough .
The Linden Heights Historic District is located on the west side Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
The Moqui Ranger Station in Kaibab National Forest near Tusayan , Arizona , also known as Tusayan Ranger Station , was built in 1939 by the Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) .
Szeligi - Kolonia ( ʂɛˈliɡi kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Maçambara is a small Brazilian municipality in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Tonfanau is a village in Gwynedd , Wales , located on the coast just under 20 miles north of Aberystwyth .
Hofmann Tower is the name of a tower in Lyons , Illinois .
St Patrick 's Marist College Dundas is a systemic Catholic , co - educational high school , located in Dundas , New South Wales , Australia .
The Pischahorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps , located east of Davos , in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Olamaboro is a Local Government Area in the southeast of Kogi State , Nigeria , bordering Enugu State and Benue State .
Cotehill Loch is a loch located in Scotland in the Aberdeenshire area , approximately one mile ( 1.5 km ) northwest of the coastal town of Collieston and two miles ( 3 km ) east of the Ythan Estuary .
Bab Maran ( Persian : بابماران‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Mārān and Bāb - e Mārān ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lenox Square is an upscale enclosed super regional shopping mall located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta , Georgia .
Head - Royce School ( Head - Royce or HRS ) is a co - educational college - preparatory K-12 school in Oakland , California .
Khvajeh Dizaj ( Persian : خواجه ديزج‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Dīzaj ; also known as Khajeh Dizaj , Khodza - diza , and Khvājeh Dīzeh ) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Castelmarte ( Castèll Mart in local language ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Milan and about 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) east of Como .
KFIS ( 104.1 FM , `` The Fish '' ) is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland , Oregon area .
The Tangmere Military Aviation Museum is a museum located on the former site of RAF Tangmere , West Sussex .
Harrachov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦaraxof ) ; German : Harrachsdorf ) is a town in Semily District , Liberec Region , in the northern Czech Republic , close to the border with Poland .
Descoberto ( lit . Discovered ) is a municipality in the Brazilian State of Minas Gerais .
The Woodbury - Story House is a National Register of Historic Places structure ( site # 93001463 ) in Altadena , California .
Hunsingo ( Gronings : Hunzego or Hunzengo ) is a region in the province of Groningen , Netherlands , between the Reitdiep and Maarvliet .
Shuruyeh ( Persian : شورويه‎ , also Romanized as Shūrūyeh ; also known as Shooroo and Shūrū ) is a village in Chahak Rural District , in the Central District of Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Prairie State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri consisting of 3,942 acres ( 1,595 ha ) of grasslands and woodlands in Barton County .
Ekra Sar ( Persian : اكراسر‎ , also Romanized as Ekrā Sar ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gelora Bung Tomo Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Surabaya ( a national capital of the province of East Java ) , Indonesia .
Mannheim - Friedrichsfeld station is a separation station in the Mannheim district of Friedrichsfeld on the border with the municipality of Edingen - Neckarhausen in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Karmanowice ( karmanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Galuzi ( Persian : گلوزي‎ , also Romanized as Galūzī ; also known as Darakhshandeh , Derakhshandeh Galūzī , Galūzeyā , Galūzī Pāshā , Galūzyā , and Golūzīā ) is a village in Direh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Little Spokane River is a major tributary of the Spokane River , approximately 35 mi ( 56 km ) long , in eastern Washington in the United States .
Murombedzi , also known as Murombedzi Growth Point , is a small town in Zvimba District , Mashonaland West Province , in central northern Zimbabwe .
Don Valley East ( French : Don Valley - Est ) is a federal electoral district in Ontario , Canada that covers the northeast section of the North York part of Toronto .
The Coons House is located along NY 9 G in Clermont , New York , United States , across the road from the Clarkson Chapel .
Klarewo ( klaˈrɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KTAO ( `` KTAOS 101.9 '' ) is a solar - powered FM radio station licensed to serve Taos , New Mexico .
Lasjerd ( Persian : لاسجرد‎ , also Romanized as Lāsjerd , Lāsgerd , Lāsgird , and Lāsjird ) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District , in the Central District of Sorkheh County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Milano Due ( Milan 2 , also known as Milano 2 ) is a residential centre in the Italian town of Segrate ( Province of Milan ) .
Jahanabad - e Maleki ( Persian : جهان ابادملكي‎ , also Romanized as Jahānābād - e Malekī ; also known as Jahānābād ) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Whorehouse Meadow is a meadow located on the western slope of Steens Mountain southeast of Frenchglen , Oregon , United States .
The QUT Business School is one of six faculties at the Queensland University of Technology .
Łapajówka ( wapaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Boneh - ye Dari ( Persian : بنه درئ‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Darī ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Troutdale Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library , in Troutdale in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Wangchang Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཝང་ལྕང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Paro District , Bhutan .
Grabów Nowy ( ˈɡrabuf ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Anwoth is a settlement near the Solway Firth in the Stewarty of Kirkcudbright , in South West Scotland , within a parish of the same name in the Vale of Fleet , Dumfries and Galloway .
The George Madison Millard House , is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Highland Park , Illinois , United States in 1906 .
Čepelica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чепелица ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
New Shute House is a late Palladian country house built between 1785 and 1789 by Sir John de la Pole , 6th Baronet ( 1757 - -1799 ) and is situated within the grounds of Old Shute House , in the parish of Shute , near Axminster , East Devon .
Shadbolaghi ( Persian : شادبلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Shādbolāghī ; also known as Shābolāghī and Shāhbolāghī ) is a village in Yeylan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jamison Square is a city park in the area of downtown Portland , Oregon , known as the Pearl District .
Givad Khater ( Persian : گيودختر‎ , also Romanized as Gīvad Khater ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Artillery Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories , Canada about 20 miles east of Great Slave Lake .
Broad Bay Colony is a fairly affluent unincorporated community in northeast Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Skrzypne ( ˈskʂɨpnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szaflary , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Sam Hill Memorial Bridge , also known as the Biggs Rapids Bridge , is a steel truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 97 across the Columbia River between Biggs Junction , Oregon in Sherman County and Maryhill , Washington in Klickitat County .
Richan is an unincorporated place and community in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Deh - e Gajun ( Persian : ده گجون‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Gajūn ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Ashuapmushuan River is a river in the Saguenay-- Lac - Saint - Jean region of the Canadian provinces of Quebec .
The Third Street Promenade is an upscale shopping , dining and entertainment complex in the downtown area of Santa Monica , California .
Boshrabad ( Persian : بشراباد‎ , also Romanized as Boshrābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Radomirka ( radɔˈmirka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ab Anbar - e Pain ( Persian : اب انبارپائين‎ , also Romanized as Āb Anbār - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Snow Peak Wildlife Management Area at 32,000 acres ( 130 km2 ) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Shoshone County .
Oakengates is a town in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire , England , and now forms part of the new town of Telford .
Warren Harding High School is a public high school in Bridgeport , Connecticut ( Fairfield County ) , commonly called Harding High School .
Stateville Correctional Center ( SCC ) is a maximum security state prison for men in Crest Hill , Illinois , USA , in Greater Chicago .
Schoharie Crossing State Historic Site , also known as Erie Canal National Historic Landmark , is a historic district that includes the ruins of the Erie Canal aqueduct over Schoharie Creek , and a 3.5-mile ( 5.6 km ) long part of the Erie Canal , in the towns of Glen and Florida within Montgomery County , New York .
Pagin ( Persian : پگين‎ , also Romanized as Pagīn ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Weiler - Simmerberg is a market town in the Swabian Lindau district .
St. John Villa Academy is an all - girls , private , Roman Catholic high school on Staten Island in New York , New York .
Vaghatin ( Armenian : Վաղատին ) ; formerly , Vagudi and Vagudy ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
La Chapelle - Vaupelteigne is a commune in the Yonne department , Burgundy in north - central France .
Kemper Military School & College was a private military school located in Boonville , Missouri .
Howick Falls is a waterfall in Howick , KwaZulu - Natal Province , South Africa .
Deloraine High School is a co - educational public high school in Deloraine , Tasmania , Australia .
Librantowa ( libranˈtɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Daruleh ( Persian : دروله‎‎ , also Romanized as Darūleh ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Woodstock Square Historic District is located in the county seat of McHenry County , Illinois , which is Woodstock .
Radosze ( raˈdɔʂɛ ) ( German Freudenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The I-40 bridge disaster was a bridge collapse that occurred southeast of Webbers Falls , Oklahoma at 7:45 a.m. on May 26 , 2002 .
Masha - ye Shahid Zabeyhi Far ( Persian : مشاع شهيدذبيحي فر‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Shahīd Zabeyḥī Far ) is a village in Eresk Rural District , Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Leggit Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County , Idaho , United States , located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area about 4.5 mi ( 7.2 km ) southeast of Atlanta , Idaho .
Vrh pri Ljubnu ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈljuːbnu ) ) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Dasht - e Barm Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دشت برم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kuhmareh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Haguenau ( French : Haguenau , pronounced : ( aɡəno ) ; Alsatian : Hàwenau ( ˈhaːvənaʊ ) or Hàjenöi ; German : Hagenau ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department of France , of which it is a sub - prefecture .
Ab Bid - e Sar Anjeli ( Persian : اب بيدسرانجلي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bīd - e Sar Ānjelī ; also known as Cheshmeh Sarānjīlī , Sarānjīlī , and Sar Anjīlī ) is a village in Komehr Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Elitch Gardens was a family - owned seasonal amusement park , theater , and botanic garden in the West Highland neighborhood of Denver , Colorado , United States at 38th and Tennyson streets .
Wola Kiełczyńska ( ˈvɔla kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Boonton Iron Works were founded about 1770 by Samuel Ogden who , with others in his family , purchased a 6-acre ( 24,000 m2 ) tract along the Rockaway River , near Boonton , New Jersey , United States .
The Tianlongshan Grottoes ( Chinese : 天龙山石窟 , pinyin : Tiānlóngshān Shíkū , English translation : Mountain of the Heavenly Dragon ) are caves located in Taiyuan , Shanxi Province , China , that are notable for the Buddhist temples located within them .
Lupin Airport ( IATA : YWO , ICAO : CYWO ) was an airport located at Lupin Mine , Nunavut , Canada that was operated by Echo Bay Mines Limited .
Vardavard - e Sofla ( Persian : ورداوردسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Vardāvard - e Soflá ; also known as Var Dāvad - e Soflá , Vardāvar - e Pā’īn , and Vardood Sofla ) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Deji Plaza(Simplified : 德基广场 ; Pinyin : Déjī Guǎngchǎng ) is an upscale office and shopping mall complex in Xinjiekou , Nanjing , Jiangsu Province , China .
Zdonia ( ˈzdɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Bałamutowo ( bawamuˈtɔvɔ ) ( German : Ballamutowen ; 1934 - 1945 : Giersfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KHTI ( 103.9 FM , Hot 103.9 ) is a commercial radio station licensed to Lake Arrowhead , California , broadcasting to the Riverside - San Bernardino , California area since 1978 .
North Kurdufan ( Arabic : شمال كردفان‎ Šamāl Kurdufān ) is one of the 18 wilayat or states of Sudan .
The San Miguelito Oil Field is a large and currently productive oil field in the hills northwest of the city of Ventura in southern California in the United States .
Arianayagipuram ( அரியநாயகிபுரம் ) is a village in Tirunelveli district and one of the gram panchayats in Sankarankoil taluk of the Indian State Tamil Nadu .
Coosa Bald National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area within Chattahoochee National Forest in northern Georgia , USA .
Nares Strait ( Danish : Nares Strædet ) is a waterway between Ellesmere Island and Greenland that is the northern part of Baffin Bay where it meets the Lincoln Sea .
Zideh - ye Bala ( Persian : زيده بالا‎ , also Romanized as Zīdeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rostamdar Mahalleh ( Persian : رستم دارمحله‎ , also Romanized as Rostamdār Maḩalleh ; also known as Rostamdārī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Dasht - e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Park Performing Arts Center is a cultural center located at 32nd Street and Central Avenue in Union City , New Jersey , USA .
Sztum County ( Polish : powiat sztumski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Pomeranian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
Dulha is a small village in Bisfi block of Madhubani district in the state of Bihar , India .
Kombol ( Persian : كمبل‎ ; also known as Konbol ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Khush Rudpey ( Persian : خوش رودپي‎ ; also known as Khvosh Rūd Pey - e Bālā and Bālā Khvoshrūd Pey ) is a city in and the capital of Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Oleśnica Mała ( ɔlɛɕˈnit͡sa ˈmawa ) ( German : Klein Öls ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kalniszki ( kalˈniʂki ) ( German : Kunzmannsrode , until 1938 : Kallnischken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Booneville Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 4M2 ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Booneville , a city in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
Rikurud - e Gonbad ( Persian : ري كورودگنبد‎ , also Romanized as Rīkūrūd - e Gonbad ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
East Downtown Houston ( EaDo ) is a district in Houston , Texas , United States .
Hubbell Trading Post National Historic Site is a historic site with exhibit center in Ganado , Arizona .
University Park Airport ( IATA : SCE , ICAO : KUNV , FAA LID : UNV ) is a public airport located in Benner Township , Centre County , Pennsylvania .
Trachoni ( Greek : Τραχώνι ; Turkish : Kayakale ) is a large village lying partly in the Limassol District of Cyprus , and partly in the British Overseas Territory of Akrotiri and Dhekelia .
Bigelow Bridge ( regionally known as Axe Handle Road Bridge ) is one of six historic covered bridges in Union County , Ohio .
Shurab - e Kabir ( Persian : شوراب كبير‎ , also Romanized as Shūrāb - e Kabīr ) is a village in Saman Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Rathores of Jasol , who are the descendents of Rawal Mallinath , are the eldest amongst all houses of Rathores in Rajasthan .
Raszelki ( raˈʂɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lovell Park is an inner - city area of Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Přestanov ( German : Priesten ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Ústí nad Labem District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
The Queitersberg , more rarely spelt Quaidersberg , Quaitersberg or Queidersberg , is a 394-metre - high hill in the northern Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Desert Laboratory at 1675 West Anklam Road , Tucson , Arizona was founded by the Carnegie Institution in 1903 to study how plants survive and thrive in the heat and aridity of deserts .
The Israel Benevolent Society Cemetery also known as the Old Jewish Cemetery of Chambersburg , Pennsylvania is believed to be the earliest Jewish burial ground west of the Susquehanna River .
East Midlands Airport ( IATA : EMA , ICAO : EGNX ) is an international airport in the East Midlands of England , located in Leicestershire close to Castle Donington .
Dastjerd ( Persian : دستجرد‎ , also Romanized as Dastgird ) is a city in and the capital of Khalajastan District , in Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Houping Miao and Tuzi Ethnic Township ( 后坪苗族土家族乡 ) is an ethnic township in Wulong County of the Chongqing Municipality of China The area is noted for its landscape and geological features known as the Wulong Karst and the Er Wang Dong cave .
The Parish Church of St. Maria Angelica in Hanover , Germany , is the church of the Old Catholic Parish of Hanover / Southern Lower Saxony ( Pfarrgemeinde Hannover / Niedersachsen - Süd ) .
The Spreuer Bridge ( German : Spreuerbrücke , formerly also Mühlenbrücke ) is one of two extant covered wooden footbridges in the city of Lucerne , Switzerland .
Flint Hill Christian School was a private school located in Bessemer , Alabama .
Mehrab Bazar ( Persian : مهراب بازار‎ , also Romanized as Mehrāb Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Big Springs Lookout Tower is a fire lookout tower in Kaibab National Forest near Big Springs , Arizona .
B. C. Muslim School is a private K-7 Islamic school in Richmond , British Columbia , established in 1983 .
Frilsham is a village and civil parish centred 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) NE of Newbury , in the English county of Berkshire .
Fladbury is a traditional English village located in rural Worcestershire , England .
Opoczka Mała ( ɔˈpɔt͡ʂka ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Holyoke Canal System is a system of power canals in Holyoke , Massachusetts .
Fort Ticonderoga , formerly Fort Carillon , is a large 18th - century star fort built by the French at a narrows near the south end of Lake Champlain in northern New York in the United States .
Mardela Middle and High School ( MMHS ) is a seven - year public middle school / high school in Mardela Springs , Wicomico County , Maryland , United States .
Yaharchi ( Persian : يهرچي‎ , also Romanized as Yaharchī ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sarbaz County ( Persian : شهرستان سرباز‎ ) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran .
Bisheh - e Sorkh ( Persian : بيشه سرخ‎ , also Romanized as Bīsheh - e Sorkh ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khorashad ( Persian : خراشاد‎ , also Romanized as Khorāshād , Kharashad , and Khorshād ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Okni ( mentioned in census records as Okni No . II , a census town ) is a neighbourhood of Hazaribagh town in Hazaribagh district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Rocky View School Division No . 41 or Rocky View Schools ( RVS ) is the public school authority that serves Rocky View County in the province of Alberta .
Unión de Tula is a town and municipality , in the Sierra de Amula region of the state of Jalisco in central - western Mexico .
Mulberry Bend was an area in the notorious Five Points neighborhood in lower Manhattan , New York City .
Sistanak ( Persian : سيستانك‎ , also Romanized as Sīstānak ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Baghban Kalachi ( Persian : باغبان كلاچي‎ , also Romanized as Bāghbān Kalāchī and Bāghbān Kalācheh ; also known as Bāghbān Kalā ) is a village in Baraghan Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Lumeh Dasht ( Persian : لومه دشت‎ , also Romanized as Lūmeh Dasht ) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
KNLR is a commercial Christian contemporary music radio station in Bend , Oregon , broadcasting on 97.5 FM .
Stronie Wieś ( ˈstrɔɲɛ ˈvjɛɕ ) ( German : Seitenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Wolverine Wildcat is a wooden roller coaster at Michigan 's Adventure , an amusement park near Muskegon , Michigan .
Dobbertin Abbey ( Kloster Dobbertin ) is a former Benedictine monastery of monks , afterwards housed a community of nuns , and later still a women 's collegiate foundation , located in the municipality of Dobbertin near Goldberg in the district of Ludwigslust - Parchim in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Hope Rosenwald School , also known as Hope School , is a former school at 1971 Hope Station Road near Pomaria , South Carolina .
Asarwa is a colony in Ahmedabad , India .
A Christmas Story House is a museum in Cleveland , Ohio 's Tremont neighborhood .
The I-90 Mississippi River Bridge is a plate girder bridge that connects La Crosse , Wisconsin to rural Winona County , Minnesota .
Rollins Mountain is a mountain in Lincoln , Maine in northeastern Penobscot County .
Philip Foster Farm is a historic site in Eagle Creek , Oregon , United States , near the city of Estacada .
Dehnow - e Ludab ( Persian : دهنولوداب‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Lūdāb ; also known as Dehnow ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ghiazi ( Persian : غياضي‎ , also Romanized as Ghīāẕī and Gheyāẕī ) is a village in Naseri Rural District , Khanafereh District , Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Charles Berry Bridge , in Lorain , Ohio along U.S. Route 6 , is the second - largest bascule bridge in the world .
St Paul 's Cathedral , Bendigo is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of Bendigo in central Victoria , Australia .
Karimabad - e Aqsi ( Persian : كريم اباداقصي‎ , also Romanized as Karīmābād - e Āqṣī ; also known as Karīmābād ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Krumme Lanke is a lake in the south west of Berlin , in the Steglitz - Zehlendorf borough of the city and on the edge of the Grunewald forest .
The village of Withersdale Street is located within the rural parish of Mendham , on the Norfolk / Suffolk border , in the Waveney Valley .
Warwal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan It is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Gol Chub ( Persian : گل چوب‎ , also Romanized as Gol Chūb ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cape Cod Hospital is a not - for - profit regional medical center located in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
KMYZ - FM is a commercial radio station located in Tulsa , Oklahoma , and licensed to Pryor , Oklahoma .
Pasikhan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پسيخان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Isidore Newman School is a private , nondenominational , co - educational college preparatory school located on an 11-acre ( 45,000 m2 ) campus in the Uptown section of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Gierów ( ˈɡʲɛruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zapceń ( ˈzapt͡sɛɲ ) ( Kashubian : Zôpceń ) is a village in Gmina Lipnica , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Milnerton is the location of two nature reserves which are owned and managed by the City of Cape Town .
Nyrölä is a district and neighbourhood of Jyväskylä , Finland located 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) from the city centre .
El Guamo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el ˈɣwamo ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Bolívar Department , northern Colombia .
Staffordshire County Museum is housed in the Servants ' Quarters of Shugborough Hall , Milford , near Stafford , Staffordshire , England .
Moghamir ( Persian : مغامير‎ , also Romanized as Moghāmīr ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rykkinn is a commuter town in the north - west of Bærum with about 10,000 - 15,000 inhabitants .
Touros ( lit . `` bulls '' ) is a municipality in Rio Grande do Norte , Brazil .
The Finnish Museum of Natural History ( Finnish : Luonnontieteellinen keskusmuseo , Swedish : Naturhistoriska centralmuseet ) , established in 1988 , is a research institution under the University of Helsinki in Finland , based in Helsinki , Finland .
Shihu Lake ( Chinese : 石湖 , literally Stone Lake ) is a fresh water lake located in southeast of Suzhou , Jiangsu Province .
WKBV ( 1490 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports Talk Information format to the Richmond , Indiana , USA area .
Podawce ( pɔˈdaft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Police Outpost Provincial Park is a provincial park in southern Alberta , Canada , located 32 kilometers ( 20 mi ) south of Cardston .
The Line Wall Curtain is a defensive curtain wall that forms part of the fortifications of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Stary Wołów ( ˈstarɨ ˈvɔwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Aren is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Augsburg Airport is a regional airport in Affing , 7 km northeast of the city of Augsburg , the third largest city in the German state of Bavaria .
The Museo Nazionale dell'Automobile ( The National Automobile Museum ) , founded by Carlo Biscaretti di Ruffia , is an automobile museum in Turin , northern Italy .
Chermanangad ( Cheramanagad / Chiramanangad ) is a small village on the road between Kunnamkulam & Wadakanchery ( Road No . SH50 ) in the Thrissur district of Kerala .
Market Weighton ( /ˌmɑrkɨt ˈwiːtən/ ) is a small town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Twiston is a village and a civil parish in the Ribble Valley District , in the English county of Lancashire .
Khar Posht - e Olya ( Persian : خرپشت عليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Khar Posht - e ʿOlyā ; also known as Khar Posht ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gaworzyna ( ɡavɔˈʐɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zereshkuh ( Persian : زرشكوه‎ , also Romanized as Zereshḵūh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Pleasant Valley Airport ( ICAO : P48 ) , is a privately owned public - use airport located in Peoria , in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States .
The Badoura State Forest is a state forest located in Cass County and Hubbard County , Minnesota , United States .
The Tennis and Racquet Club is a private social club and athletic club located at 939 Boylston Street , in the Back Bay neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Muir Site , ( 15JS86 ) , is an Early Fort Ancient culture archaeological site located in Jessamine County , Kentucky , in the Bluegrass region of the state .
Aden Crater is a small shield volcano , part of the Potrillo volcanic field of New Mexico .
Four Stairs is a historic home located at Great Falls , Fairfax County , Virginia .
Kolonia Poczesna ( kɔˈlɔɲa pɔˈt͡ʂɛsna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Abderaz ( Persian : ابدراز‎ , also Romanized as Ābderāz and Āb Darāz ) is a village in Golbibi Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Birodi Bari ( Hindi : बिड़ोदी बड़ी ) or Bidodi Badi or Beerodi Badi is a village in the laxmangarh administrative region of Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan .
Sendići ( Serbian : Сендићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The bicycle business of the Wright brothers , the Wright Cycle Company ( originally the Wright Cycle Exchange ) successively occupied five different locations in Dayton , Ohio .
Susanbal ( Persian : سوسنبل‎‎ , also Romanized as Sūsanbal ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Jerome War Relocation Center was a Japanese American internment camp located in southeastern Arkansas near the town of Jerome .
Qul Estar ( Persian : قول استر‎‎ , also Romanized as Qūl Estar and Qūlaster ; also known as Kulastar , Qolestar , Qolīstar , and Qūl Estīr ) is a village in Nanur Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Butterfly Park is a city park of about 1 acre ( 0.4 ha ) in southwest Portland , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The D. B. Weldon Library is the largest academic library on the University of Western Ontario campus in London , Ontario , Canada , and one of the largest academic libraries in the country .
The Belle Fourche Dam , also known as Orman Dam , is a dam on Owl Creek in Butte County , South Dakota , USA , approximately eight miles east of Belle Fourche , South Dakota , along U.S. Route 212 .
Sycamore Ranger Station , also known as Sycamore Work Center and as Sycamore Administrative Site , in Prescott National Forest near Camp Verde , Arizona was built in 1940 by the Civilian Conservation Corps .
Jask - e Kohneh ( Persian : جاسك كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Jāsk - e Kohneh ; also known as Juna ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pornassio ( Ligurian : Pornasce ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) southwest of Genoa and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northwest of Imperia .
Curtis Creek is a tidal creek located in Baltimore City and Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Nauticus is a maritime - themed science center and museum located on the downtown waterfront in Norfolk , Virginia , also known as the National Maritime Center .
Bidgineh ( Persian : بيدگينه‎ , also Romanized as Bīdgīneh and Bīd Gīneh ; also known as Bichneh , Bīd Geneh , Bīdkaneh , and Bitkinya ) is a village in Golabar Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Hôtel Tubeuf is a Hôtel particulier in 2nd arrondissement of Paris that was built in 1635 .
Berbeo is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá , part of the subregion of the Lengupá Province .
Taher Gurab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طاهرگوراب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Jangi ( Persian : قلعه گنجي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Jangī ) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 316 , in 95 families .
Jabal al Akhdar ( Arabic : الجبل الأخضر‎ al - Jabal al - Akhḍar , English : Green Mountains ) , also known as Jebel el - Akhdar , is one of the districts of Libya .
Kupowo ( kuˈpɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka - Tartak , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Cooper 's Sawmill is a California Historical Landmark located almost two miles north of Forestville , California , and is located in the jurisdiction of Santa Rosa , in the United States .
Khoveynes ( Persian : خوينس‎ ; also known as Khovnes and Khūnes ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Berkley State Forest is a small tract of forest land located near Route 24 in Berkley , Massachusetts .
Browns Pond , in the Town of New Windsor in Orange County , New York , USA , is the smaller of two reservoirs for the nearby City of Newburgh .
The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site , located in Plains , Georgia , preserves sites associated with James Earl `` Jimmy '' Carter , Jr. ( 1924 - -present ) , 39th President of the United States .
Qareh Bolagh - e Sofla ( Persian : قره بلاغ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Bolāgh - e Soflá ) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Liberty Cap Glacier is a small glacier located near the summit of Mount Rainier , Washington .
Brigham City Airport ( IATA : BMC , ICAO : KBMC , FAA LID : BMC ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Brigham City , in Box Elder County , Utah , United States .
Montagu Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa , on the unsigned road between Herold and George .
Forthampton is a village in Gloucestershire , England in the Cotswolds area .
Peters Beach or Peter Beach is a former barrier island located on the Jersey Shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Müggelheim is a German locality ( Ortsteil ) within the Berlin borough ( Bezirk ) of Treptow - Köpenick .
The Convent of Caloura ( Portuguese : Convento da Caloura ) is a Portuguese 16th - century convent located in the civil parish of Água de Pau , in the municipality of Lagoa , on the island of São Miguel in the archipelago of the Azores .
Wenshui County is a county in Shanxi Province , China under the administration of Lüliang city .
Treknow ( in pronunciation the `` k '' is silent ) is a small village in Tintagel civil parish , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom : it is the second largest settlement , and is located between Trevena and Trebarwith .
The sub - divisional capital Padum is a town of the Zanskar sub - division or tehsil in the Kargil district of Jammu and Kashmir state , India .
Arjanavand ( Persian : ارجناوند‎ , also Romanized as Arjanāvand , Arjanāwand , and Arjenāvand ) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mahabad - e Jadid ( Persian : مهابادجديد‎ , also Romanized as Mahābād - e Jadīd ; also known as Mahābād ) is a village in Zozan Rural District , Jolgeh Zozan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Shek Lei Pui Reservoir ( Chinese : 石梨貝水塘 ) is a reservoir in Kam Shan Country Park , Sha Tin , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Goongarrie National Park is a national park in Western Australia ( Australia ) , 592 km ( 368 mi ) east of Perth and about 94 km ( 58 mi ) north of Kalgoorlie .
Writing Rock State Historical Site , located twelve miles ( 19 km ) northeast of Grenora , North Dakota in Divide County near the Montana border , is the site of two large granite boulders , carved with petroglyphs featuring thunderbirds , mythological creatures that are of importance in the culture of Plains Indian tribes .
Diraklu ( Persian : ديركلو‎ , also Romanized as Dīraklū ; also known as Thirk `` Ali and Tork `` Alī ) is a village in Qaslan Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 137 , in 26 families .
The Apostolic Bethlehem Temple Church is a historic church building in the Over - the - Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Malmurzyn ( malˈmuʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
North Wingfield is a large village in the English county of Derbyshire , located approximately 4½ miles south - east of Chesterfield , and 1 mile north - east of Clay Cross .
Stewartby is a model village and civil parish in Bedfordshire , originally built for the workers of The London Brick Company .
Itchen Stoke and Ovington is a civil parish formed of two adjoining villages in Hampshire , England 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) west of Alresford town centre in the valley of the River Itchen , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north east of Winchester , and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south east of Itchen Abbas .
Rijmenam is a village located in the Belgian province of Antwerp part of Bonheiden .
Sproat Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park near Port Alberni in British Columbia , Canada 's Vancouver Island .
Rockland Community Church and Cemetery ( also known as Old Rockland Church ; Rockland Memorial Community Church ; United Bretheren Church ; Mt. Zion Church ) is a historic church building at 24225 Rockland Road in Golden , Colorado .
Sycamore Tavern , also known as Shelburn 's Tavern and Florence L. Page Memorial Library , is a historic inn and tavern located near Montpelier , Hanover County , Virginia .
The city was the seat of Bogense Municipality until the 2007 Municipal Reform , when Bogense merged into the new Nordfyn Municipality .
The Fifth Street Towers is a complex of two buildings in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Hälleforsnäs ( in Flenish Helsingforsnäs ) is a locality situated in Flen Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden with 1,585 inhabitants in 2010 .
Gangyao Subdistrict ( simplified Chinese : 缸窑街道 ; traditional Chinese : 缸窯街道 ; pinyin : Gāngyáo Jiēdào ; literally : `` jar kiln '' ) is a subdistrict of Lubei District , Tangshan , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Pečine ( pronounced ( ˈpeːtʃinɛ ) ) is a village in the mountains above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Fox Lake Cree Nation is a First Nations band government whose reserve is located in Fox Lake , Bird , Manitoba , Canada .
Pukinmäki ( Swedish : Bocksbacka ) is a district on the northeastern part of Helsinki , Finland .
Khan Jamal - e Zamani ( Persian : خانجمال زماني‎ , also Romanized as Khān Jamāl - e Zamānī and Khānjamāl - e Zamānī ) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Winona Site is an archaeological site in Coconino County in the state of Arizona , within the Coconino National Forest .
The Burg Altenbaumburg , is a ruined castle above the municipality of Altenbamberg in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Loschwitz is a borough ( Ortsamtsbereich ) of Dresden , Germany , incorporated in 1921 .
Qoran Talar ( Persian : قران تالار‎ , also Romanized as Qorān Tālār and Qorān Tālar ; also known as Qorān Qālū ) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Vizanab ( Persian : ويزناب‎ , also Romanized as Vīzanāb ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dobong District ( Dobong - gu ) is one of the 25 districts ( gu ) of Seoul , South Korea .
The Palacio Vistalegre is a multipurpose arena located in Madrid , Spain .
Abbas Yales - e Do ( Persian : عباس يالس دو‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbās Yāles - e Do ) is a village in Tarrah Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 306 , in 54 families .
Harpeth River State Park is a state park in Cheatham and Davidson counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
Big Chute Marine Railway is a boat lift at lock 44 of the Trent - Severn Waterway in Ontario , Canada .
The South San Juan Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located east of Pagosa Springs , Colorado in the San Juan national forest .
Shabkhus Sara ( Persian : شبخوس سرا‎ , also Romanized as Shabkhūs Sarā ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kotarwice ( kɔtarˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
San Jerónimo Tlacochahuaya is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca , 21 km from the city of Oaxaca on Federal Highway 190 between Santa Maria del Tule and Mitla .
Khezerlu ( Persian : خضرلو‎ ; also Romanized as Kheẕerlū , Khezerlū , and Khezrlu ) is a city in the Central District of Ajab Shir County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tai Hing Estate is the oldest existing public housing estate in Tuen Mun District .
West Hyde Park is a neighborhood within the district of Hyde Park , which represents District 4 of the Tampa City Council .
Khargush Khani ( Persian : خرگوش خاني‎ , also Romanized as Khargūsh Khānī and Khargūsh Khūnī ) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Władysławin ( vwadɨˈswavin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Boggo Road Gaol ( alt . and older spelling `` Bogga '' ) was a notorious and heritage - listed Australian prison located on Annerley Road in Dutton Park , an inner southern suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Barclay Tower is a skyscraper located in Tribeca , a neighborhood in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
It is located 100 kilometres ( 62 miles ) south of Poland 's capital , Warsaw , on the Mleczna River , in ( as of 1999 ) the Masovian Voivodeship , having previously been the capital of Radom Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
Ojarud - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اجارودشمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Morris - Butler House is a Second Empire - style house built about 1864 in the Old Northside Historic District of Indianapolis , Indiana .
Grace King High School is a public high school located in Metairie , unincorporated Jefferson Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Mount Kialagvik is a small poorly known stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska , United States .
Jekhish ( Persian : جخيش‎ , also Romanized as Jekhīsh ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sherman Falls is a 17 metre high curtain waterfall found in Ancaster Heights , the western end of Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The Nimbus Dam is a base load hydroelectric dam on the American River near Folsom , California .
Dramiševo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драмишево ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vigo di Fassa ( Ladin : Vich de Fascia , German : Wiegen i m Fasstal or Vig i m Fasstal ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Trento .
The Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden is a sculpture garden located at the Museum of Fine Arts ( MFAH ) in Houston , Texas , United States .
Cross Gates railway station serves Cross Gates , an area in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Bay Area Hospital Heliport ( FAA LID : OR49 ) is a private heliport located one mile east of Coos Bay in Coos County , Oregon , United States .
The Honaker Trail is a hiking trail located near Goosenecks State Park in southeastern Utah .
KQSO - LP , formerly licensed to operate on ( 96.3 FM ) , was a low - power radio station licensed to Newberg , Oregon , United States .
Tangal - e Behdan ( Persian : تنگل بهدان‎ , also Romanized as Tangal - e Behdān ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gaženica is a suburb of Zadar , Croatia , located about 3 miles southeast from the city center , by the Adriatic Sea .
Bangui ( French pronunciation : ​(bɑ̃ɡi ) ) , or Bangî in Sango , formerly written Bangi in English , is the capital and largest city of the Central African Republic .
The 1999 PGA Championship was the 81st PGA Championship , held August 12 - -15 at the Medinah Country Club in Medinah , Illinois , a suburb northwest of Chicago .
Ängsvik is a locality situated in Värmdö Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 403 inhabitants in 2010 .
Skokówka ( skɔˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
White Grit is a small , scattered village beneath Corndon Hill in Powys , Wales , directly on the border with ( and partly in ) Shropshire .
Bez Cheft ( Persian : بزچفت‎ ) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Burtner House ( also known as Burtner Stone House ) is located on Burtner Road in Harrison Township , Allegheny County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Sandygate Road is a football and cricket stadium in the Sheffield suburb of Crosspool , South Yorkshire , England .
The Chikamin Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges , located between the west end of Eutsuk Lake and Whitesail Lake in northern British Columbia , Canada .
WSNR is licensed to Jersey City , New Jersey and transmits 3,000 watts days/7,600 watts night from towers in Lyndhurst , New Jersey , but has an application pending with the FCC to relocate its transmitter to the New Jersey Meadowlands and increase power to 15,000 watts day and night .
The Temecula Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in southwestern Riverside County , California .
Konizerlla is a village located 25 km away from Eluru , Thavichilaka Rayudupallem , Dharmajigudm and Gullapudi are some of the surrounding villages , this village comes under Lingapallem Mandal in West Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh .
Feshkur ( Persian : فشكور‎ , also Romanized as Feshkūr and Fashkūr ; also known as Fishkūr and Pashkur ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bohemia Manor High School is a public school operated by Cecil County Public Schools located approximately one mile south of the small town of Chesapeake City in Cecil County , Maryland .
The David Eccles School of Business is located on the campus in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Awtano is a member of the Fakaofo island group of Tokelau .
Norton Bavant is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southeast of Warminster .
Lake Gilmer is four miles ( 6 km ) west of downtown Gilmer , Texas , in the United States .
Crunwere ( Welsh : Cronwern - also written Crunwear and Cronwere ) is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Georgian Heights is a neighborhood in West Columbus , in Columbus , Ohio , United States .
Piz Sampuoir ( 3,023 m ) is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps , located north of Il Fuorn ( east of Zernez ) in the canton of Graubünden .
Bagh - e Sineh ( Persian : باغ سينه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Sīneh ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , Bastam District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Another great historian of Kashmir , Mir Saidullah , the author of Bagh - i - Sulaiman , was from Doru Shahabad as well , as was Syed Mir Qasim , who served as Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister from 1971 to 1975 .
The Hunter Sportsplex is a multi - purpose sports facility located in Manhattan , New York , within the campus of Hunter College of the City University of New York .
KhTZ Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium and a city company located within a city neighborhood known as KhTZ near the Kharkiv Tractor Factory .
Bagh Ku ( Persian : باغ كو‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Kū ; also known as Bāgh Kūh ) is a village in Taheri Rural District , in the Central District of Kangan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Stroud Green ward is within the London Borough of Haringey .
Star Hall was a Mission Hall in opened in 1889 in Ancoats , Manchester , founded by Francis Crossley ( of Crossley Engines , later Crossley Motors ) to meet the spiritual needs of his factory workers .
Like much of Asturias and rural Spain in general , Sotres has experienced significant depopulation since the early 1970s .
Geislingen ( Steige ) station is located at the 61.3 kilometre point of the Fils Valley Railway in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Santa Maria dei Carmini , also called Santa Maria del Carmelo and commonly known simply as the Carmini , is a large church in the sestiere , or neighbourhood , of Dorsoduro in Venice , northern Italy .
Srashen ( Armenian : Սրաշեն ; formerly , Kilisakyand ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Belcher Family Homestead and Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Berkshire in Tioga County , New York .
The Chaco Wash is an arroyo ( a periodic stream ) cutting through Chaco Canyon , which is located in northwestern New Mexico on the Colorado Plateau .
Walerków ( vaˈlɛrkuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hargreaves Building is a former bank in Chapel Street , Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
Lake Moondarra is an artificial lake on the Leichhardt River in Queensland , Australia , 16 km downstream from the town of Mount Isa . It provides water to the city and the adjacent Mount Isa Mines ( MIM ) mining lease .
The Bommer Weiher are a series of fish ponds near Alterswilen in the municipality of Kemmental , Canton of Thurgau , Switzerland .
Kresson Golf Course is a public 18-hole golf course founded in 1960 in the Kresson section of Voorhees Township , New Jersey .
Annalagraharam is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu .
Tarnaka is a major residential and technology suburb in Hyderabad , Telangana , India . Tarnaka literally translates as `` wired checkpost '' .
Zielona Huta ( ʑeˈlɔna ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trolley Square is a partially enclosed shopping center located in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Gedo ( Somali : Gedo , Arabic : جوبا الوسطى‎ ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) , formerly part of the historic Upper Juba Region in southern Somalia .
Obrzębin ( ɔˈbʐɛmbin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Camault Muir is a scattered crofting community , that is part of the village of Kiltarlity , in Inverness - shire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Highland council area of Scotland .
KHEP ( 1580 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Tempe , Arizona .
The Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster is a metropolitan borough of South Yorkshire in Yorkshire and the Humber Region of England .
Jurowlany ( jurɔˈvlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Guadiana International Bridge ( Spanish : Puente Internacional ; Portuguese : Ponte Internacional ) is a bridge that crosses the Guadiana River connecting southern Spain ( town of Ayamonte ) and Portugal ( town of Castro Marim ) .
Gedintailor ( Scottish Gaelic : Gead an t - Sailleir ) is a crofting village , lying on the shores of the Narrows of Raasay on the east coast of the island of Skye in Scotland and is in the council area of Highland .
Grójec Wielki - Gajówka ( ˈɡrujɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki ɡaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Quitupan is a town and municipality located in the southeastern region of the Mexican state of Jalisco .
Dryszczów ( ˈdrɨʂt͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Point May is the most southerly community on the Burin Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador with a population of about 150 - 250 people .
Vilpatti is a Panchayat in Kodaikanal Taluk of Dindigul district , Tamil Nadu state , South India .
Chorkh Ab ( Persian : چرخ اب‎ , also Romanized as Chorkh Āb ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Temple of the Dutch German Congregation ( It . Tempio della Congregazione Olandese Alemanna ) , known more simply as the Dutch German Church , is situated in Livorno , on the stretch of the Fosso Reale canal that runs between Piazza della Repubblica and Piazza Cavour .
Jungle Habitat , which was in West Milford , in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States , was a Warner Bros .- owned theme park that opened in the summer of 1966 , and closed in October 1976 .
Lake Gonzales is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River 4 miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the town of Belmont in Gonzales County , Texas .
Plutki ( ˈplutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kobbegem is a village that is now part of the municipality of Asse , Flemish Brabant , Belgium .
Ski Martock is a ski resort located near Windsor , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Badraq - e Nuri ( Persian : بدراق نوري‎ , also Romanized as Badrāq - e Nūrī ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Craggaunowen is the name of a 16th - century castle and an archaeological open - air museum in County Clare , Ireland .
The House at 155 Reservoir Road in Brookline , Massachusetts is a well - preserved Greek Revival house .
The Eagles Auditorium Building is a seven story historic theatre and apartment building in Seattle , Washington .
Tang - e Man ( Persian : تنگمان‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Mān ; also known as Jamālābād ) is a village in Tashan Rural District , Riz District , Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Gartly ( Scots : Gairtlie , Scottish Gaelic : Gartaidh ) is an inland hamlet in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The Illinois State Capitol , located in Springfield , Illinois , is the building that houses the executive and legislative branches of the government of the U.S. state of Illinois .
Uhlenburg is the site ( Burgstall ) of a lowland castle that was built in the 14th century close to the River Aller near Essel in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Dr. John Hugh Gillis Regional High School ( often referred to as The Regional ) is a secondary school located in Antigonish , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Chishti Sharif District is the most easterly district in Herat Province , Afghanistan , situated along the Hari River and one of its northern tributaries .
Länsi - Pakila ( Finnish ) , Västra Baggböle ( Swedish ) is a neighbourhood in Northern Helsinki , about nine kilometers from the city center .
KTUZ - FM ( 106.7 FM , `` La Z '' ) is a Regional Mexican radio station serving the Oklahoma City Metroplex area and is owned by Tyler Media .
Grzymałków ( ɡʐɨˈmau̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nirthaan or Nirthan village is in Sonipat district of Haryana .
Wola Żelechowska ( ˈvɔla ʐɛlɛˈxɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Camp Cable , Australia was a World War II army training base near Logan Village , Queensland , Australia .
Gnaraloo is a working pastoral station and wilderness tourism business located in the Gnaraloo Bay in the Shire of Carnarvon , Western Australia .
The Springville Museum of Art in Springville , Utah is the oldest museum in Utah for the visual fine arts .
Krzeszów Dolny ( ˈkʂɛʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Крешів Долішній , Kreshiv Dolishnii ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Boston Female Asylum ( 1800 - 1910 ) was an orphanage in Boston , Massachusetts , `` for the care of indigent girls . ''
The Safe Haven Museum and Education Center is a museum in Oswego , New York that tells the story of 982 mainly Jewish refugees who fled Europe in the U S Government `` Safe Haven '' program .
Tadwai is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India , located between Kamareddy and Nijamsagar .
Dawia ( ˈdavja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Harford Mall is a shopping mall owned by CBL & Associates Properties that is located near the junction of Maryland Route 24 and U.S. Route 1 , about 32 miles ( 51 km ) north of Baltimore , in Bel Air , Maryland .
Harlestone is a small village and civil parish in Daventry District , Northamptonshire , England .
Bagh - e Stareh ( Persian : باغ ستاره‎‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Stāreh ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Manistee Pierhead lights are a pair of active aids to navigation located on the north and south pier in the harbor of Manistee , Michigan , `` Lake Michigan 's Victorian Port City . ''
Snagov ( population : 6,041 ) is a commune , located 40 km north of Bucharest in Ilfov County , Romania .
Jakunowo ( jakuˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Jakunowen , 1929 - 1945 Angertal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
WGEO - LP ( 105.7 FM , `` Georgetown Emergency Operations Radio '' ) is a low - power radio station licensed to Georgetown , South Carolina , USA .
Rymer Point is a cape in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut .
The Technical Education Center Osceola ( TECO ) is an institution in unincorporated Osceola County , Florida , United States designed to train individuals for entry - level employment and to improve current job skills for employed students .
Azari Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آذری‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Riley Lucas Bartholomew House is a historic house museum in Richfield , Minnesota , United States , originally the home of prominent early Minnesotan Riley Bartholomew ( 1807 - -1894 ) .
The Wild Gutach ( German : Wilde Gutach ) is a river in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Brierley ( pronounced as `` bry''-``early '' ) is a town and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire , England .
Coggeshall Farm Museum is a non - profit farm museum in Colt State Park in Bristol , Rhode Island , U.S.A ..
Doyle Peak is in the San Francisco Peaks of northern Arizona and is the fourth highest peak , but the sixth highest named point in the state of Arizona with an elevation of 11,464 feet ( 3,494 m ) .
Chalerm Phrakiat 72nd Anniversary Stadium ( Thai : สนามกีฬาเฉลิมพระเกียรติ 72พรรษา ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Min Buri District , Bangkok , Thailand .
Jeglówek ( jɛˈɡluvɛk ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Multnomah Hotel , located in downtown Portland , Oregon , United States , is a historic hotel building listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Padmanabham is a village and mandal in the Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Little Ferry Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Little Ferry in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Gastown is a national historic site in Vancouver , British Columbia , at the northeast end of Downtown adjacent to the Downtown Eastside .
Nowy Dwór Pelpliński ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur pɛlˈpliɲski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Deh - e Zuiyeh ( Persian : ده زوييه‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Zū’īyeh , Deh Zū’īyeh , Deh - e Zūyeh , and Deh Zoo’eyeh ; also known as Deh - e Zū ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jordberga Castle ( Swedish : Jordberga slott ) is a castle in Trelleborg Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
Bid Savaran ( Persian : بيدسواران‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Savārān ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Sid Richardson Museum is located in historic Sundance Square in Fort Worth , Texas , and features paintings by Frederic Remington and Charles M. Russell , as well as some additional late 19th - century works about the American West .
Zajączki Pierwsze ( zaˈjɔnt͡ʂki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Mariscal Ramón Castilla Province ( Spanish mariscal marshal , `` Marshall Ramón Castilla '' ) is one of the seven provinces in the Loreto Region of Peru .
Ostry Róg ( ˈɔstrɨ ˈruk ) ( German : Scharfenort ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Balut Geru ( Persian : بلوط گرو‎ , also Romanized as Balūţ Gerū ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Inland Steel Building , located at 30 W. Monroe Street in Chicago , is one of the city 's defining commercial high - rises of the post - World War II era of modern architecture .
Naval Air Station Chase Field is a former naval air station located in Beeville , Texas .
At the 2001 municipal reform , most of the former municipality of Nieuwleusen was incorporated into the municipality of Dalfsen .
WNLK ( 1350 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Norwalk , Connecticut .
San Marco dei Cavoti is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania , located near the Fortore River valley .
Deh Kabud - e Chovari ( Persian : ده كبودچواري‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kabūd - e Chovārī ; also known as Deh - i - Kabūd , Deh Kabūd , and Deh Qabūt ) is a village in Nurali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Asiab Dargah ( Persian : اسيابدرگاه‎ , also Romanized as Āsīāb Dargāh ) is a village in Nesa Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Great Burstead is an urban settlement in Essex , England - it is contiguous with the town of Billericay .
Tsz Shan Monastery ( Chinese : 慈山寺 ) is a large Buddhist temple located in Tung Tsz , Tai Po District , Hong Kong .
Hasanabad - e Band ( Persian : حسن ابادبند‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Band ; also known as Ḩasanābād , Ḩoseynābād , and Husainābād ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Munroe Regional Medical Center is an acute care community hospital in Ocala , Florida .
The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard South in Clark County , Nevada , internationally known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos along its route .
The former DeRham Farm is located along Indian Brook Road just off NY 9D in the Town of Philipstown , north of Garrison , New York , United States .
The Surf Ballroom ( the Surf ) is a Historic Rock and Roll Landmark at 460 North Shore Drive , Clear Lake , Iowa .
The Nickell Memorial Armory is a Kansas National Guard armory , located at 2722 SW Topeka Blvd . , Topeka , Kansas 66611 .
The Elmira College Old Campus is the historic part of Elmira College in Elmira , New York .
Jirsar - e Vishka ( Persian : جيرسرويشكا‎ , also Romanized as Jīrsar - e Vīshkā ; also known as Jīrsar - e Vīshkāh ) is a village in Nowsher - e Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Good Shepherd Lutheran School was a parochial school in Inglewood , California , affiliated with the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod , Pacific Southwest District ( LCMS ) .
Kościeleczki ( kɔɕt͡ɕɛˈlɛt͡ʂki ) ( German Warnau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Behdasht ( Persian : بهدشت‎ ; also known as Behdast , Karmo , Karmu , Kermū , and Kirmu ) is a village in Galehzan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Church of the Madonna dell'Archetto ( English : Our Lady of the Little Arch ) is a small oratory in Rome , in the Trevi rione .
The Milwaukee Mile is an approximately one mile - long ( 1.6 km ) oval race track in the central United States , located on the grounds of the Wisconsin State Fair Park in West Allis , Wisconsin , a suburb west of Milwaukee .
Barmeh - ye Khuni ( Persian : برمه خوني‎ , also Romanized as Barmeh - ye Khūnī ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Naznaz ( Persian : نازناز‎ , also Romanized as Nāznāz ) is a village in Dul Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tall - e Abiz ( Persian : تل ابيض‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Ābīẕ ; also known as Tall - e Bīz and Tol Bīz ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The population , at last estimate , rested at 30,931 ( 2012 est . ) Located in the red earth , green hills , and fast flowing streams of southwestern Burkina Faso , Gaoua is the capital of Poni Province and forms a sort of capital for the sacred rites and bush lore of the Lobi peoples .
Blair College is now Everest College , a for - profit college in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
The Kipawa River ( in French : Rivière Kipawa ) is a short river in western Quebec , Canada .
Shelisheh ( Persian : شليشه‎ , also Romanized as Shelīsheh ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Khaneqah - e Sadat ( Persian : خانقاه سادات‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh - e Sādāt and Khāneqāh Sādāt ; also known as Khanaya ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Joel E. Ferris High School is a four - year public high school in Spokane , Washington , part of Spokane Public Schools .
Rokitno Szlacheckie ( rɔˈkitnɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łazy , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Funeshabad ( Persian : فونش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Fūneshābād ; also known as Fonūshābād , Panishabad , Pīshābād , and Qūneshābād ) is a village in Abharrud Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Miodusy ( mjɔˈdusɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Deh - e Bazuiyeh ( Persian : ده بازوييه‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Bāzūīyeh ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vicovu de Sus ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌvikovu de ˈsus ) ; German : Oberwikow ) is a town in northern Suceava County , on the border with Ukraine .
Lake Whatcom ( from the Lummi word for `` loud water '' ) is located in Whatcom County , Washington .
Tech Valley High School is a four - year technical high school located on the campus of the SUNY Polytechnic Institute College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering in Albany , New York .
Oosternijkerk ( West Frisian : Easternijtsjerk ) is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Tamanthi , Htamanthi or Tamanthe is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Cowan High School is located in Cowan , Indiana in Southern Delaware County in east central Indiana .
Chah - e Darbas ( Persian : چاه داربس‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Dārbas ; also known as Chāh - e Dārbast ) is a village in Kuhak Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
WFHK ( 1430 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Pell City , Alabama , USA .
Grodnia ( ˈɡrɔdɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cheshmeh Zalikha ( Persian : چشمه زليخا‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Zalīkhā ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Place des Pyramides is a public square in the 1st arrondissement of Paris , France .
Hephzibah High School is a high school located in south Richmond County in the town of Hephzibah , Georgia , United States .
Łąkie - Gogolin ( ˈwɔnkʲɛ ɡɔˈɡɔlin ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Leepa - Rattner Museum of Art is a modern and contemporary art museum located on the campus of St. Petersburg College in Tarpon Springs , Florida .
Roseland Plantation is a historic plantation complex site in Faunsdale , Alabama .
Porto Real ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpoʁtu ʁeˈaw ) ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro .
Abbas - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عباس شرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wadouba is a commune in the Cercle of Bandigara of the Mopti Region of Mali .
Sikyátki is an archeological site and former Hopi village spanning 40,000 to 60,000 square metres ( 430,000 to 650,000 sq ft ) on the eastern side of First Mesa , in what is now Navajo County in the U.S. state of Arizona .
The Alfred H. Smith Memorial Bridge is a railroad bridge spanning the Hudson River at Castleton - on - Hudson and Selkirk , New York in the United States .
Nag 's Head Island is an island in the River Thames in England at Abingdon .
The Koger Center for the Arts is an arts center located in Columbia , South Carolina , on the University of South Carolina campus .
Clus Abbey ( Kloster Clus ) was an abbey near Bad Gandersheim in Lower Saxony .
Oswego Theater , now known as Oswego 7 Cinemas , is a historic movie theater located at Oswego in Oswego County , New York .
Divdan ( Persian : ديودان‎ , also Romanized as Dīvdān ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Zangi Kola ( Persian : زنگي كلا‎ , also Romanized as Zangī Kolā ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Fileh Varin ( Persian : فيله ورين‎ , also Romanized as Fīleh Varīn , Fīlahwarīn , Pīlehvarīn , Filakhvarin , and Fīlehvarīn ; also known as Fīleh Vardīn , Filwarin , and Pīleh Vardīn ) is a village in Niyarak Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
San Juan ( Uganik ) Seaplane Base ( IATA : WSJ / UGI , FAA LID : WSJ ) is a public use seaplane base located in San Juan ( Uganik ) , in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Central Academy of Excellence ( formerly Central High School ) is a high school located at 3221 Indiana Avenue in Kansas City , Missouri and it is part of the Kansas City Public Schools .
The Staatsburgh State Historic Site preserves a Beaux - Arts mansion designed by McKim , Mead , and White and the home 's surrounding landscape in the hamlet of Staatsburg , Dutchess County , New York , USA .
Malden Catholic High School is a private , Catholic secondary school for young men located in Malden , Massachusetts .
Niagara Falls State Park is located in the City of Niagara Falls , New York in Niagara County .
Newton - on - Ouse is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England , about 7 miles ( 11 km ) north - west of York .
Hoseynabad Gian ( Persian : حسين ابادگيان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād Gīān ; also known as Hosein Abad and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Giyan Rural District , Giyan District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hook - Powell - Moorman Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located near Hales Ford , Franklin County , Virginia .
Mazinan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مزينان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Davarzan District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Soltan - e Velayat ( Persian : سلطان ولايت‎ , also Romanized as Solţān - e Velāyat , Soltan Valayat , and Solţān Velāyat ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wola Wierzbowska ( ˈvɔla vjɛʐˈbɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Varsity is a restaurant chain , iconic in the modern culture of Atlanta , Georgia .
Fayyazabad ( Persian : فياض اباد‎ , also Romanized as Fayyāẕābād ; also known as Khowrshīd ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Scatness is a settlement on the headland of Scat Ness at the southern tip of the South Shetland Mainland , Scotland , across the West Voe of Sumburgh from Sumburgh Head and close to Sumburgh Airport , the Shetland Islands ' main airport .
Overtoun House is a 19th - century country house and estate in West Dunbartonshire , Scotland .
Castel Gabbiano is a comune in the north of the Province of Cremona , in Lombardy , Italy .
Baghshan - e Gach ( Persian : باغشن گچ‎ , also Romanized as Bāghshan - e Gach and Bāghshan Gach ; also known as Bāghash Kach , Bāghash Gach , Baghīshan , and Bāghīshan Gach ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Maimonides Schools for Jewish Studies ( MSJS ) is a degree - granting institution invested with university powers operating pursuant to an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Ontario 1968 - 69 .
Donaustauf is a market town in Bavaria , 5 km ( 3 mi ) east of Regensburg at the foothills of the Bavarian Forest .
Selseleh County ( Persian : شهرستان سلسله‎ ) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran .
Sartorial Contemporary Art moved to Kings Cross in October 2008 where it has built a reputation for embracing newly emerging artists .
Orfi ( Persian : عارفي‎ , also Romanized as `` Orfī ; also known as `` Alafī and Arfī ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 381 , in 99 families .
La Ferrassie is an archaeological site in Savignac - de - Miremont , in the Dordogne department , France .
Nowy Ratyniec ( ˈnɔvɨ raˈtɨɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Catterick Garrison is a major garrison and town located 3 miles south of Richmond in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire , England .
Glenlawn Collegiate is a public English language secondary school in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , located at 770 St. Mary 's Road , Elm Park in the suburb of St. Vital .
The Ramaz School is a coeducational , private Modern Orthodox Jewish prep school located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City .
The Guelph Bus Terminal , was the main intercity bus station in Guelph , Ontario until May 2012 , when it was replaced by Guelph Central Station .
Yuko - En on the Elkhorn , the official Kentucky - Japan Friendship Garden , is located in Georgetown , Kentucky on the north fork of Elkhorn Creek .
Umred is a city and a municipal council in Nagpur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Pa Qalatan - e Bala ( Persian : پاقلاتان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Pā Qalātūn - e Bālā ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Ropka industrial district ( Estonian : Ropka tööstusrajoon ) is a neighbourhood of Tartu , Estonia .
Apazapan is a municipality located in the central zone in the State of Veracruz , about 65 km from state capital Xalapa .
Portrane or Portraine ( Irish : Port Reachrann , meaning `` landing place of Reachrainn '' ( the nearby offshore island ) ) is a small seaside town one kilometre from , and merging into the larger town of Donabate in Fingal , north County Dublin , Ireland .
Bishop Douglass School is a mixed Roman Catholic secondary school with a sixth form located in the London Borough of Barnet .
Choja ( ˈxɔja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Port Costa School served the community of Port Costa , California from 1911 until it was closed in 1966 due to consolidation .
Haimen ( simplified Chinese : 海门 ; traditional Chinese : 海門 ; pinyin : Hǎimén , Qihai dialect : ( haɪ.məŋ ) , Shanghai : ( hɛ̝.məŋ ) ) is a county - level city under the administration of Nantong , Jiangsu province , with a population of approximately 1 million .
The Perris Depot is a railroad depot built in 1892 to serve Perris , California .
The Hoogovensmuseum is a museum located on the northern side of the North Sea Canal sluice gates at IJmuiden , in the former `` buizengieterij '' ( pipe making factory ) of Hoogovens on the Buizenweg in Velsen - Noord .
The Hartland River is a perennial river of the East Gippsland catchment , located in the Australian state of Victoria .
Congress Hall is a building near the intersection of Chestnut and 6th Streets in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania that served as the seat of the United States Congress from December 6 , 1790 to May 14 , 1800 .
Singleton 's Graveyard is an historic plantation cemetery located off SC 261 in the High Hills of Santee six miles south of Wedgefield , South Carolina .
Chah Malek ( Persian : چاه ملک‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Malek ) is a village in Biabanak Rural District , in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The William Lanier Hunt Arboretum ( over 100 acres ) is an arboretum and natural area that forms part of the North Carolina Botanical Garden .
Zoharkuh ( Persian : ظهركوه‎ , also Romanized as Ẕoharkūh ; also known as Zārkūh ) is a village in Khenaman Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gas Street Basin ( grid reference SP062866 ) is a canal basin in the centre of Birmingham , England , where the Worcester and Birmingham Canal meets the BCN Main Line .
Arifiye is a district center of Sakarya Province , Turkey .
Seyf Taleh ( Persian : سيف طاله‎ , also Romanized as Seyf Ţāleh ; also known as Sefatāleh ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Dominion Cinema is an independent Streamline Moderne cinema located in the Edinburgh suburb of Morningside .
Kamay Botany Bay National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Sydney metropolitan region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Święciechów ( ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕɛxuf ) ( German : Silberberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northwest Poland .
Żylicze ( ʐɨˈlit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The First Episcopal Methodist Church of Chester is a historic church located at the intersection of 2nd Street and Madison Avenue in Chester , Montana .
Union Tavern is a historic tavern and workshop on Broad Street in Milton , North Carolina .
Guillermo Prospero Trinidad Stadium ( officially known as Compleho Deportivo Guillermo Prospero Trinidad ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Oranjestad , Aruba .
The Elliott R. Corbett House is a historic home built in the Colonial Revival style in 1915 , and located in the Dunthorpe neighborhood south of Portland , Oregon , United States .
The Potter 's Wax Museum is located at 31 Orange Street ( formerly 1 King Street from 1948 to 1986 , 17 King Street from 1987 to 2013 ) , St. Augustine , Florida , United States .
Kanyabayonga ( also Kanya Bayonga , Kanyabayungu ) is a town in Lubero Territory , North Kivu province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Anakkampoyil is a village near to Thiruvambady town in Kozhikode district of Kerala , India .
Duz Anbar ( Persian : دوزعنبر‎ , also Romanized as Dūz `` Anbar ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 141 , in 47 families .
Dzierzkowice - Zastawie ( d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ zasˈtavjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Benjamin West Birthplace is a historic home located on the campus of Swarthmore College in Swarthmore , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
Nokhvod Tappeh ( Persian : نخودتپه‎ , also Romanized as Nokhowd Tappeh ; also known as Nukbūd Tepe ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Belmaneh - ye Olya ( Persian : بلمانه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Belmāneh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Belmāneh - ye Rafīqābād ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 121 , in 27 families .
Montereau - Fault - Yonne ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃.tʁo fot jɔn ) ) , or simply Montereau , is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Vannivelampatti(Tamil : வன்னிவேலம் பட்டி ) , is a Gram panchayat in Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Al - Maktoum Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب آل مكتوم‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Beverley Acres Public School is a French immersion elementary public school in Richmond Hill , Ontario , Canada , in the York Region District School Board .
Vancouver College ( referred to informally as VC ) is an independent university - preparatory Catholic school for boys located in the Shaughnessy neighbourhood of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Badluarach ( Scottish Gaelic : Am Bad Luachrach ) is a small village on the south shore of Little Loch Broom , in Wester Ross in the Highland council area of Scotland .
The American Prairie Reserve ( APR ) is an independent non - profit organization that has privately undertaken a project in northeastern Montana to create a wildlife conservation area of over three million contiguous acres through a combination of both private and public lands .
Moradabad - e Do ( Persian : مراد آباد2‎ , also Romanized as Morādābād - e Do ; also known as Morādābād ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Brampton Gateway Terminal is a Brampton Transit bus station serving the south - central and western areas of Brampton , Ontario .
Holden Lutheran Church Parsonage is a historic church parsonage in Wanamingo Township , Minnesota , United States .
The National Multicultural Western Heritage Museum , formerly the National Cowboys of Color Museum and Hall of Fame , is a museum and hall of fame in Fort Worth , Texas .
The St. Joseph Point Light was a lighthouse on the mainland north of present - day Port St. Joe , Florida , across the entrance to St. Joseph Bay from St. Joseph Point .
Mrganush ( Armenian : Մրգանուշ ; formerly , Zohrablu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Mount Lebanon Chapel and Cemetery , also known as Lebanon Chapel , is a historic Episcopal chapel and cemetery located on SR 1411 in Wrightsville Beach , New Hanover County , North Carolina .
Indian Springs Trace Fossil Natural Area is a 40-acre privately owned site in Fremont County , Colorado .
12 Downing Street is one of the buildings situated on Downing Street in the City of Westminster in London , England .
Łagiewki ( waˈɡʲɛfki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kłady ( ˈkwadɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Richmond Vale Railway Museum operates a railway and museum located at Richmond Vale south of Kurri Kurri , New South Wales .
Mala Cikava ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla tsiˈkaːʋa ) ) is a settlement east of the town of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Mount Kato is a winter sports facility in Minnesota , offering facilities for skiing , snowboarding , snow tubing and mountain biking .
Sainte - Anne - de - la - Pocatière is a parish municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec , located in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality .
Samogród ( saˈmɔɡrut ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Meshk Abdan ( Persian : مشك ابدان‎ , also Romanized as Meshk Ābdān ) is a village in Javaran Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ahmadabad - e Ab Shahi ( Persian : احمدابادابشاهي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Āb Shāhī ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kuthenkully or Kuthenkuli ( Tamil : கூத்தன்குழி ) is a village in Tamil Nadu , India .
The Blair 's Ferry Storehouse is a historic brick structure in the U.S. city of Loudon , Tennessee .
Karaj - e Sofla ( Persian : كرج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Karaj - e Soflá ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kiel ( German : ( ˈkiːl ) ) is the capital and most populous city in the northern German state of Schleswig - Holstein , with a population of 240,832 ( June 2014 ) .
The Morocco Temple ( also known as the Morocco Temple , Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine ) is a historic Shrine building in Jacksonville , Florida .
Viracachá is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá , part of the subregion of the Márquez Province , Colombia .
XHNOE - FM ( branded as Stereo 91 FM ) is a Spanish - language Talk format FM radio station that serves the Laredo , Texas , USA and Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico border area .
The Princess Margaret Rose Cave is a limestone cave located in Lower Glenelg National Park in Victoria , Australia .
Le Moule is the sixth - largest commune in the French overseas department of Guadeloupe .
Warfstermolen ( West Frisian : Warfstermûne ) ( Low Saxon : Warfstermeul ) is a village in Kollumerland c.a . , in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Albert Community Centre ( built in 1912 ) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Varsity View , neighborhood of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Joliet Memorial Stadium is a 10,000-seat multipurpose stadium located in Joliet , Illinois .
East Grimstead is a village in Grimstead civil parish , on the River Dun in Wiltshire , England , about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) east of Salisbury .
Brooks Field at Wallace Wade Stadium is a stadium on the campus of Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , United States .
Ryan Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown in Franklin County , New York , USA .
Siaposht ( Persian : سياپشت‎ , also Romanized as Sīāposht ; also known as Sīāh Posht ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Carrick High School is a public school in the Carrick neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Dobbin House Tavern , known also as Dobbin House , on 89 Steinwehr Avenue in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania is a tavern which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Mount Royal Funicular Railway , also known as the Mountain Park Funicular Railway and the Mount Royal Elevator , was a funicular railway serving Mount Royal Park in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , from 1884 to 1918 .
Sheykh Madi ( Persian : شيخ مادي‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Mādī ; also known as Sheykh Mehdī ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Eram Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ارم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Timi Jan ( Persian : تيميجان‎ , also Romanized as Tīmī Jān ; also known as Tīmjān ) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Solok ( means valley ) is a city in West Sumatra , Indonesia .
The Haw River is a tributary of the Cape Fear River , approximately 110 mi ( 177 km ) long , that is entirely contained in north central North Carolina in the United States .
Namdar - e Pain ( Persian : نامدرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Nāmdar - e Pā’īn ; also known as Nāmdar , Nāndar , and Nāndar - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Famułki Brochowskie ( faˈmuu̯ki brɔˈxɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rich Bottom Farm is a historic home located near Purcellville , Loudoun County , Virginia .
Igły ( ˈiɡwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mur Daran ( Persian : موردران‎ , also Romanized as Mūr Darān and Mūr - e Darān ; also known as Mowlādarān ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
John R. Rogers High School is a four - year public secondary school in Spokane , Washington , part of Spokane Public Schools ( District No . 81 ) .
Llansilin is a village and local government community in Powys , Wales , about 6 miles west of Oswestry .
Ficarra is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of Palermo and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) west of Messina , in the Monti Nebrodi .
The East Pahranagat Range is a Lincoln County , Nevada , mountain range in the Muddy River Watershed .
Gysmanshoek Pass , is situated in the Western Cape , province of South Africa between Heidelberg Wc and Warmwaterberg .
Southern Guilford High School was founded in 1930 in the Sumner area of Guilford County , North Carolina .
Darginek ( darˈɡinɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Elmhurst Christian Reformed Church is a congregation of the Christian Reformed Church in North America located on the southern edge of Elmhurst , Illinois .
Ostrożanka ( ɔstrɔˈʐaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Reza Khanluy - e Sofla ( Persian : رضاخانلوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Reẕā Khānlūy - e Soflá ; also known as Reẕā Khānlū and Reẕā Khānlū - ye Soflá ) is a village in Owch Tappeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Pershing County Courthouse in Lovelock , Nevada is a Classical Revival building built in 1920 - 21 .
The Edward A. Brackett House is a historic octagon house at 290 Highland Avenue in Winchester , Massachusetts .
North Shore Riverfront Park is a small municipal park along the north banks of the Allegheny and Ohio Rivers across from Downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Sham Chun River ( also called Shenzhen River or Shenzhen He ) serves as the natural border between Hong Kong and Mainland China , together with the Sha Tau Kok River .
Capitol Lake is a 3 kilometer long , 260-acre ( 1.1 km2 ) artificial lake at the mouth of Deschutes River in Tumwater / Olympia , Washington .
The St Vincent 's Works ( grid reference ST602725 ) is at Silverthorne Lane in Bristol , England .
Knorydy Średnie ( knɔˈrɨdɨ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Кнориди Середні , Knorydy Seredni ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gilgit - Baltistan ( Urdu : گلگت بلتستان‎ ) , formerly known as the Northern Areas of Pakistan is the northern most administrative territory of Pakistan .
Craighead Caverns is an extensive cave system located in between Sweetwater and Madisonville , Tennessee .
Słup - Kolonia ( ˈswup kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Holmberg and Johnson Blacksmith Shop is a historic building at 122 N. Main Street in Lindsborg , Kansas .
Cehu Silvaniei ( Hungarian : Szilágycseh , until 1854 Szilágy - Cseh , meaning `` Czechs of Szilágy '' ) is a town in Sălaj County , Transylvania , Romania .
Danbalid ( Persian : دنبليد‎ , also Romanized as Danbalīd ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Gleidingen is a part of the town of Laatzen in the district of Hanover , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Saddleback Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Lake Forest , California , situated in southern Orange County , affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention .
Bidkhun - e Morghak ( Persian : بيدخون مرغك‎ , also Romanized as Bīdkhūn - e Morghak ; also known as Bīd Khān and Bīd Khūn ) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wólka Panieńska ( ˈvulka paˈɲeɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Lake Sabbatia is a freshwater lake in Taunton , Massachusetts , near Watson Pond State Park .
KSAC - FM ( 105.5 FM , `` Money 105.5 '' ) is a business news / talk radio station based in Sacramento , California , United States .
The Oroville Chinese Temple is a Chinese temple built in 1863 in Oroville , California .
Tsukisamu Dome ( 月寒ドーム ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Toyohira - ku , Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan .
The John Wood Mansion was built between 1835 and 1838 by John Wood , who in 1860 became the 12th governor of Illinois on the death of Governor William Bissell .
Emilianów - Pośrednik ( ɛmiˈljanuf pɔˈɕrɛdnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Lycée Chaptal , formerly the Collège Chaptal , is a large secondary school in the 8th arrondissement of Paris with about 2,000 pupils .
Parley Hunt House is a historic home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bunkerville , Nevada , United States .
The Basilica of Constantine ( German : Konstantinbasilika ) , or Aula Palatina , at Trier , Germany is a Roman palace basilica that was built by the emperor Constantine ( AD 306 - -337 ) at the beginning of the 4th century .
Goodwood House is a country house in Westhampnett , West Sussex , England .
Mzdowiec ( ˈmzdɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Misdow ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Karatagi is a town in Gangavathi of Koppal district in the state of Karnataka , India .
El Faro Restaurant is a small Spanish food emporium located at 823 Greenwich Street in Manhattan , New York 's West Village since it opened in 1927 .
Acker and Evans Law Office ( also known as Ogdensburg Bank ) is a historic office building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County , New York .
Mellon National Bank Building ( also known as Lord & Taylor Department Store ) at 514 Smithfield Street in downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was completed in 1924 after Mellon acquired the property in August 1916 from the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad which had their regional offices on the site .
The Zillertal Railway or Zillertalbahn is a 760 mm ( 2 ft 5 15⁄16 in ) gauge independent railway running along the valley of the river Ziller ( Zillertal ) from Jenbach to Mayrhofen within the Tyrol area of Austria and is nearly 32 km long .
Catasauqua Creek is a creek located in Lehigh and Northampton counties in Pennsylvania .
Anacortes Community Forest Lands ( ACFL ) consists of mostly forested lands surrounding and adjoining Little Cranberry , Heart , and Whistle Lakes on Fidalgo Island , west and south of Anacortes , Washington .
Whittaker Chambers Farm , Carroll County , Maryland ( designated on May 17 , 1988 ) :
Łęczyna ( wɛnˈt͡ʂɨna ) ( German : Lenz Borkenstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Wielobycz ( vʲɛˈlɔbɨt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Villa Maria College is a small , private , Roman Catholic liberal arts college located in Buffalo , New York within the Diocese of Buffalo .
De Koel after the main sponsor , is a multi - purpose stadium in Venlo , Netherlands .
The Loew 's Jersey Theatre is a movie palace type theater and live entertainment venue located in Jersey City , New Jersey .
Saponara ( Sicilian : Sapunara ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) west of Messina .
Les Bains Des Docks ( The Bath by the docks ) is an Aquatic Center in the city of Le Havre , France .
Wola Miedniewska ( ˈvɔla mjɛdˈɲɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tor House and Hawk Tower are buildings in Carmel - by - the - Sea , California , built by poet Robinson Jeffers .
Phoenix Plaza is a mixed use office complex located in midtown Phoenix , Arizona .
Mother Teresa Women 's University is a public university located at Kodaikanal , Tamil Nadu , India .
Verkhnyadzvinsk Raion is a second - level administrative subdivision ( Raion ) of Belarus in the Vitebsk Region .
SkyCity , originally known as the Eye of the Needle , is a revolving restaurant situated atop the Space Needle in Seattle , Washington .
The Château de Greifenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Saverne in the Bas - Rhin département of France .
Jarychowo ( jarɨˈxɔvɔ ) ( German : Neuhütte ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kahriz - e Jamal ( Persian : كهريزجمال‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Jamāl and Kahrīz Jamāl ; also known as Kahrīz - e Jamāl od Dīn ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Warragamba Dam , a concrete gravity dam , creates Lake Burragorang , the primary reservoir for water supply for the Australian city of Sydney , New South Wales .
Lake Winnibigoshish is a body of water in north central Minnesota , in the Chippewa National Forest .
The San Jose Convention Center is the main convention center for the city of San Jose , California .
Hartcliffe is the name of both a council ward and a Outer Suburb of the city of Bristol in the United Kingdom which lies within that ward .
Mniszew ( ˈmniʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bala Salkuyeh ( Persian : بالاسالكويه‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Sālkūyeh ; also known as Sālkūyeh and Sālkūyeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Daryasar Rural District , Kumeleh District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kyzylorda Region ( Kazakh : Қызылорда облысы , Qızılorda oblısı ; Russian : Кызылординская область , Kyzylordinskaya oblast ) is a region of Kazakhstan .
Cahuenga Boulevard is a major boulevard of northern Los Angeles , California , US .
The Dickson Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest - central British Columbia .
Carleton Place is a town in Eastern Ontario , Canada , in Lanark County , about 46 kilometres ( 29 mi ) west of downtown Ottawa .
Obidza ( ɔˈbʲid͡za ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Barbarki ( barˈbarki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Eola - Amity Hills AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in Polk County and Yamhill County , Oregon .
Rousham is a village and civil parish beside the River Cherwell in Oxfordshire .
Schweighouse - Thann ( German : Schweighausen ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Dwight Yorke Stadium , located in Bacolet , Tobago , ( Trinidad and Tobago ) , is named after former Aston Villa , Manchester United , Blackburn Rovers , Birmingham City , Sydney , Sunderland and Trinidad and Tobago footballer Dwight Yorke .
Sponheim is a municipality in the district of Bad Kreuznach in Rhineland - Palatinate in western Germany .
Żydowski Bród ( ʐɨˈdɔfski ˈbrut ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Illawarra Regional Airport ( also known as Wollongong Airport ) ( IATA : WOL , ICAO : YWOL ) is an airport located in Albion Park Rail , 18 km ( 11 mi ) southwest of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
Brzi Brod is a neighborhood situated in Niš , in Serbia .
The Fort de Portzic was built near the town of Brest by Vauban between 1693 and 1699 as part of the defences of the goulet de Brest .
Żyłki ( ˈʐɨu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan - Majorat , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Doug Shaw Memorial Stadium is a 6,500-capacity multi - use stadium located in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina and the home of Myrtle Beach FC .
Kilmainhamwood , historically simply Killmainham ( Irish : Cill Mhaighneann ) , is a village and townland in north County Meath , Ireland .
Linnanmäki ( Swedish : Borgbacken , colloquially Lintsi , literal translation Castle Hill ) is an amusement park in Helsinki , Finland .
Newark Assembly was a Chrysler ( DaimlerChrysler from 1998 - 2007 ) automobile factory in Newark , Delaware .
Brisbane Grammar School ( BGS ) is an independent , Non - denominational , day and boarding school for boys , located in Spring Hill , an inner suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Sleeping Giant Wilderness Study Area is a non - motorized recreation area located on the west side of the Missouri River and Holter Lake located about 30 miles ( 48 km ) north of Helena , Montana .
Totternhoe is a village and civil parish in the Manshead hundred of the county of Bedfordshire , England .
The Atchafalaya National Wildlife Refuge is located about 30 miles ( 48 km ) west of Baton Rouge , Louisiana and one mile ( 1.6 km ) east of Krotz Springs , Louisiana lies just east of the Atchafalaya River .
Pomianka ( pɔˈmjanka ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Recz , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Historic Oakwood is a neighborhood in downtown Raleigh , North Carolina , United States , on the National Register of Historic Places , and known for its Historic Oakwood Cemetery , its many Victorian houses and its location close to the Mordecai Plantation Manor .
Rashideh ( Persian : رشيده‎ , also Romanized as Rashīdeh , Reshīdeh , and Rosheydeh ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Anancaun ( Scottish Gaelic : Àth nan Ceann ) is a small hamlet located in Ross - shire , Scotland , within the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Eisstadion am Gutenbergweg ( English : Gutenberg - road ice hockey venue ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Landshut , Germany .
Vaspul ( Persian : واسپول‎ , also Romanized as Vāspūl ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nova Luzitânia ( Portuguese for `` New Lusitania '' ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
The Bay de Noquet Lumber Company Waste Burner is an industrial waste burner located at the south end of River Street in Nahma Township , Michigan .
Carpenter Mesa is a mesa located at 352047N 1035215W in San Miguel County , New Mexico , northeast of Tucumcari .
Achnashellach ( Gaelic : Achadh nan Seileach ) is an area in Wester Ross in the Highlands of Scotland , and within the Highland council area .
Mount Neacola ( or Neacola Peak ) is the unofficial name for the high point of the Neacola Mountains , the northernmost section of the Aleutian Range of Alaska .
Bear Mountain Ski Hill is a ski area located on the outskirts of Dawson Creek , British Columbia , Canada .
The Frances Lehman Loeb Art Center is a teaching museum , major art repository , and exhibition space on the campus of Vassar College , in Poughkeepsie , New York , USA .
Yarnbury Castle is the site of a multiphase , multivallate iron age hillfort near the village and civil parish of Steeple Langford , two miles along the A303 from Winterbourne Stoke , in Wiltshire .
Fox Chapel Area High School ( Established in 1961 ) is a public school located in the Pittsburgh suburb of O'Hara Township , Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Ali minaret ( Persian : مناره علی‎ ) is a historical minaret in Isfahan , Iran .
Barrett Mountain is a mountain located in south - central New Hampshire within the Wapack Range of mountains .
The Linkery was a farm - to - table restaurant in North Park , San Diego , California that specialized in natural meat , local food , fine wines , craft beer , and cask ale .
Khomarak ( Persian : خمارك‎ , also Romanized as Khomārak ; also known as Khovārak , Khuārak , and Khumarak ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Ketou Township ( simplified Chinese : 科头乡 ; traditional Chinese : 科頭鄉 ; pinyin : Ketou Xiang ) is a rural township in Xinhua County , Loudi City , Hunan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Łysaków - Kolonia ( wɨˈsakuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików , within Stalowa Wola County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mashak - e Sepahdari ( Persian : ماشك سپهداري‎ , also Romanized as Māshak - e Sepahdārī ; also known as Māshak , Māshak - e Şafādārī , Māshak - e Tehrānī , and Moshak ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Vittel ( archaic German : Wittel ) ( French pronunciation : ​(viˈtɛl ) ) is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
Bredwardine is a village in Herefordshire , England , located off the B4352 road in the west of the county .
North Okkalapa Township ( Burmese : မြောက်‌ဥက္ကလာပ မြို့နယ် ( mjaʊʔ ʔoʊʔkəlàpa̰ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the eastern part of Yangon .
Adakkakundu is a village in Kalikavu Panchayat , Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala in southwest India .
Semley is a village in Sedgehill and Semley civil parish in Wiltshire , England .
Sukhtehi ( Persian : سوخته اي‎ , also Romanized as Sūkhteh’ī ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Żaków ( ˈʐakuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
McGown 's Pass Tavern was a refreshment house on McGowan 's Pass in Central Park in New York City , near 104th Street west of Fifth Avenue .
Dzikowa ( d͡ʑiˈkɔva ) ( German : Ebersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Santa Isabel do Rio Negro ( Saint Isabel of Black River ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Amazonas .
Pallathuruthy is a village in the Kuttanad region , in the district of Alappuzha , in the state of Kerala , India .
Bishop International Airport ( IATA : FNT , ICAO : KFNT ) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint , Michigan .
Ludwinowo Dębskie ( ludviˈnɔvɔ ˈdɛmpskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Podśmigiel ( pɔtɕˈmiɡʲɛl ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Yasok is a village development committee in Panchthar District in Mechi Zone of Limbuwan in Nepal .
The Mojave Solar Project ( MSP ) is a concentrated solar power ( CSP ) facility in the Mojave Desert in California , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) northwest of Barstow .
Barton Hall is an on - campus field house on the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York .
The Shire of Woodanilling is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia , about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south of Wagin and about 260 kilometres ( 162 mi ) south - southeast of the state capital , Perth .
Wólka Karwowska ( ˈvulka karˈvɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sherwood Park Mall is a shopping mall located in the Sherwood Park , Alberta , Canada .
Friday Harbor Airport ( IATA : FRD , ICAO : KFHR , FAA LID : FHR ) is a public use airport located just southwest of the town center of Friday Harbor on San Juan Island in the U.S. state of Washington .
Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky is an outdoor exhibit by Chris Drury located in the museum park of the North Carolina Museum of Art . The chamber itself is a round building built of stone , wood , and turf with a single door to admit the viewer .
Joseph Paris House ( also known as `` Airplane House '' or `` Peace House '' ) is an historic house at 101 E. Fifth Street in Port Angeles , Washington .
The Centrium ( Chinese : 中央廣場 ) is a skyscraper located in the Central district of Hong Kong .
Ashreigney is a village and civil parish in the Torridge district of Devon , England , about 15 miles south of the town of Barnstaple .
Wankaner is a city and a municipality in Rajkot district in the State of Gujarat .
The Long Branch Pier was a pier located at 65 Ocean Ave , in Long Branch , New Jersey , United States .
Dasht - e Karbala Darreh Dahak ( Persian : دشت كربلادره دهك‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Karbalā Darreh Dahak ; also known as Dasht - e Karbalā and Karbalā '' ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Reedy River Falls Historic Park and Greenway , now known as Falls Park , runs along both banks of Reedy River from the falls to Church Street , in Greenville , South Carolina .
KEXS - FM ( 106.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Ravenwood , Missouri , USA broadcasting a religious format .
Camp Release State Monument is located on the edge of Montevideo , Minnesota , United States , just off Highway 212 .
Leamington Hastings is a small village and larger civil parish in Warwickshire , England .
Boneh - ye Heydar ( Persian : بنه حيدر‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Ḩeydar ) is a village in Aghili - ye Shomali Rural District , Aghili District , Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Melbourne Observatory was founded in 1862 to serve as a scientific research institution for the rapidly growing city of Melbourne , the capital of the colony of Victoria .
Tumaco is a port city and municipality in the Nariño Department , Colombia , by the Pacific Ocean .
The Adirondack Museum , located on NY-30 in the hamlet of Blue Mountain Lake in Hamilton County , New York , is a museum dedicated to preserving the history of the Adirondacks .
Bahram Beyk ( Persian : بهرامبيك‎ , also Romanized as Bahrām Beyk ; also known as Bahrām Beyg , Bairambai , Bayrambey , and Bayrām Beyk ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Bala Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
San Gabriel Valley Airport ( formerly El Monte Airport ) ( IATA : EMT , ICAO : KEMT , FAA LID : EMT ) is a public airport one mile ( 1.6 km ) north of El Monte , in Los Angeles County , California .
Darwen is a market town and civil parish located in Lancashire , England .
WDTR is a non - commercial , Christian FM radio station licensed to serve Imlay City , Michigan .
Senen ( meaning Monday in Indonesian ) is one of the historic subdistricts of Central Jakarta , Indonesia .
Church Stretton is a small town in Shropshire , England , 13 miles ( 21 km ) south of Shrewsbury and 15 miles ( 24 km ) north of Ludlow .
Krapkowice County ( Polish : powiat krapkowicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Opole Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Bożejewko ( bɔʐɛˈjɛfkɔ ) ( German : Hammergut ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Jarčujak is a suburb situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia .
Guoshan Stele ( Chinese : 国山碑 ) is a stele located at the west foot of Guoshan Mountain in Zhangzhu Town , Yixing City , Jiangsu Province in China .
Grande - Terre Island ( French : île de Grande - Terre or île de la Grande - Terre ) is the name of the eastern - half of Guadeloupe proper , in the Lesser Antilles .
Nowa Łęknica ( ˈnɔva wɛŋˈkɲit͡sa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Otisville Correctional Facility is a medium - security state prison located in Orange County , New York , USA .
Torbeqan ( Persian : تربقان‎ , also Romanized as Torbeqān ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Płóczki Górne ( ˈpwut͡ʂki ˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Ober Görisseiffen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Baba Kuhi ( Persian : باباكوهي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Kūhī ) is a village in Ashkara Rural District , Fareghan District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Garmich ( Persian : گرميچ‎ , also Romanized as Garmīch ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mileham is a village approximately mid way between East Dereham and Fakenham in Mid Norfolk .
Ślepuchowo ( ɕlɛpuˈxɔvɔ ) ( German : Friedensort ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Known as Robinson Secondary School , it is located in Fairfax , a suburb southwest of Washington , D.C. Opened 45 years ago in 1971 , Robinson is located south of Braddock Road near George Mason University , and is administered by the Fairfax County Public Schools .
The National Gallery of Ireland ( Irish : Gailearaí Náisiúnta na hÉireann ) houses the Irish national collection of Irish and European art . It is located in the centre of Dublin with one entrance on Merrion Square , beside Leinster House , and another on Clare Street .
The Dr. O.B. Harriman House , also known as the Harriman Nielsen Historic Farm , is an historic structure located in Hampton , Iowa , United States .
Marhemetabad - e Miyani Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مرحمت آبادمياني‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Marhemetabad District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Golden Rod Grange No . 114 is a historic grange hall on New Hampshire Route 32 in Swanzey , New Hampshire , United States .
Tianmen ( simplified Chinese : 天门 ; traditional Chinese : 天門 ; pinyin : Tiānmén ; literally : `` sky gate '' ) is a sub - prefecture - level city(or : county - level city in some ways ) in central Hubei Province , People 's Republic of China .
Neuenhäusen is a suburb of the town of Celle in Lower Saxony , Germany , and lies south of the Altstadt ( old town ) in its centre .
Kamienna - Kolonia ( kaˈmjɛnna kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Laboratory for Automation Psychology ( LAP ) ( also Laboratory for Automation Psychology and Decision Processes or LAPDP ) was founded in 1983 by Kent Norman and Nancy Anderson as an affiliate of the University of Maryland Human--
Teresópolis ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( teɾeˈzɔpolis ) ) is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Rio de Janeiro , in a mountainous region known as Região Serrana .
Kinlet Hall is an 18th - century English country house at Kinlet , Shropshire , England , now occupied by an independent day and residential school .
Wolaniny ( vɔlaˈninɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Medicine Bow Mountains are a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains that extend for 100-mile ( 160 km ) from northern Colorado into southern Wyoming .
Dahyat is a village in Satara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra . It is situated on the banks of the River Krishna . It is about 21 km from Wai , Maharashtra .
Drukowszczyzna ( drukɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Seymour Lodge is a Victorian Gothic mansion located in Perth Road , Dundee , Scotland .
Pájaros is one of the 12 settlements in the District of Bayamón , Puerto Rico .
The Highwood Mountains are an island range ( sub - range of the Rockies entirely surrounded by prairie ) which cover approximately 4,659 km² ( 1,799 sq mi ) in north central Montana in the U.S. , east of Great Falls and Benton Lake National Wildlife Refuge , at the northern end of the Lewis and Clark National Forest .
The Quinta del Sordo ( English : Villa of the Deaf ) , or Quinta de Goya , was the name of an extensive estate and country house situated on a hill in the old municipality of Carabanchel on the outskirts of Madrid .
The Miners Foundry ( previously Nevada Foundry ; Nevada Iron Foundry and Machine Shop , George Allan 's Foundry and Machine Works , American Victorian Museum ( AVM ) , Miners Foundry and Supply Company ; currently Miners Foundry Cultural Center ) is located at 325 Spring Street , Nevada City , California , USA .
Utonie ( uˈtɔɲe ) ( German : Thonfeld ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Habsburg Castle ( German : Schloss Habsburg ) is a medieval fortress located in Habsburg , Switzerland in the canton of Aargau , near the Aar River .
Pencahue ( Spanish pronunciation : ( peŋˈkawe ) ) is a town and commune in Chile , located in Talca Province , in the seventh region of Maule .
The River Deben is a river in Suffolk rising in Debenham -to be precise it has two main sources and there are others , mostly fields ' runoff ( excess water)- then passing through Woodbridge , turning into a tidal estuary before entering the North Sea at Felixstowe Ferry .
Belmayne is a development of housing , and adjunct facilities , in Balgriffin , a northern suburb of Dublin , Ireland , commenced in 2006/7 .
East Keswick is a village and civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough , West Yorkshire , England .
Aiguille Peak is a peak located on the Canadian provincial boundary of Alberta and British Columbia in Banff National Park .
Chamaz Tappeh ( Persian : چمازتپه‎ , also Romanized as Chamāz Tappeh ) is a village in Gahrbaran - e Shomali Rural District , Gahrbaran District , Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Calve Island is an uninhabited island on the east coast of the Isle of Mull in Argyll and Bute on the west coast of Scotland .
City Hospital railway station , situated on Donegall Road , serves Belfast City Hospital and the surrounding area of south Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Vijainagar ( also written Sri Vijainagar or Sri Bijaynagar ) is a city and a municipality in Sri Ganganagar district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
The William Perrin House is a historic house at 464 River Road in western Andover , Massachusetts .
Cabinteely House finally passed into possession of Dún Laoghaire - Rathdown County Council in 1984 .
Sanjarian ( Persian : سنجريان‎ , also Romanized as Sanjārīān , Sangareyūn , and Sangarīān ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Mateiros is the easternmost city in the state of Tocantins .
Luino ( Western Lombard : Lüin ) is a small town and comune near the border with Switzerland on the eastern shore of Lake Maggiore , in the Province of Varese ( Lombardy , northern Italy ) .
The Upper Ammonoosuc River is a tributary of the Connecticut River that flows through Coös County in northern part of the northeastern U.S. state of New Hampshire .
The Albert Lammers House is a historic house in Stillwater , Minnesota , United States , built circa 1893 .
Friendship Fountain is a large fountain in Jacksonville , Florida .
Yatesville Dam ( National ID # KY82201 ) is a dam in Lawrence County , Kentucky in the far eastern part of the state , close to the town of Louisa .
McKee 's Camp railway station is a stop for Via Rail 's transcontinental The Canadian train service at Mc Kee 's Camp , a hunting fishing and tourist camp , in Capreol , Ontario , Canada .
Poświętno ( pɔɕˈfjɛntnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Berkeley County Airport ( ICAO : KMKS , FAA LID : MKS , formerly 50J ) is a county - owned public - use airport in Berkeley County , South Carolina , United States .
The Fajã do Cerrado das Silvas , is a permanent debris field , built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Velas , in the municipality of Velas , island of São Jorge , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County ( Chinese : 巍山彝族回族自治县 ; pinyin : Wēishān Yízú Huízú Zìzhìxiàn ; Xiao'erjing : وِشًا یِذُو خُوِذُو ذِجِشِیًا ) is an autonomous county in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture of Yunnan Province , China .
The Staatstheater Mainz ( Mainz State Theatre ) is a theatre in Mainz , Germany , which is owned and operated by the state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Ulugh Beg Observatory is an observatory in Samarkand , Uzbekistan .
Towson Town Center is a large indoor shopping mall located in Towson , Maryland .
The Ca ' da Mosto is a 13th - century , Venetian - Byzantine style palace , the oldest on the Grand Canal , located between the Rio dei Santi Apostoli and the Palazzo Bollani Erizzo , in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Venice , Italy .
Qaemiyeh - ye Olya ( Persian : قائميه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qā’emīyeh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Qā’emīyeh ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 439 , in 112 families .
The Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge in the Kodiak Archipelago in southwestern Alaska , United States .
The Porter Building is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Downtown Historic District of Woodland , California .
Hureh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هوره‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Cichostów - Kolonia ( t͡ɕiˈxɔstuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dalaki ( Persian : دالكي‎ ; also Romanized as Dālakī ; also known as Daliki ) is a city in the Central District of Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Sarkaneh Abbasabad ( Persian : سركانه عباس اباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarkāneh `` Abbāsābād ; also known as Sarkāneh ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 50 , in 10 families .
Tolombeh - ye Hasanabad ( Persian : تلمبه حسن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mariyannapalya is a village near Hebbal in northern Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
The Wide Bay Highway is a short state highway of Queensland , Australia running between Goomeri on the Burnett Highway and a junction on the Bruce Highway .
Waldburg - Waldsee was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg , located in southeastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , around Bad Waldsee .
Kleszczowice ( klɛʂt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Fissenkenkopf is a hill in the Harz Mountains of Germany , that rises south of Sieber in the county of Osterode in Lower Saxony .
Greater Baltimore Medical Center ( GBMC ) is a hospital located in the Baltimore suburb of Towson , Maryland .
Kelsterbach is a town in Groß - Gerau district in Hessen , Germany and part of the Frankfurt Rhein - Main urban area .
Castelletto sopra Ticino , also referred to by locals as Castelletto Ticino or just Castelletto , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 100 km ( 62 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 30 km ( 19 mi ) north of Novara .
The Akron Children 's Hospital is a children 's hospital located in Akron , Ohio .
Lake Norman , created between 1959 and 1964 as part of the construction of the Cowans Ford Dam by Duke Energy , is the largest manmade body of fresh water located in North Carolina .
Burrell Creek is a creek just north of Grand Forks , British Columbia , in the Similkameen Division , Yale Land District , in an area known as the Boundary Country .
The Sudbury Steelworkers Hall was a historic labour union hall in Sudbury , Ontario , which was destroyed by a fire on September 19 , 2008 .
Dunbar ( Scots ( dʌnˈbaɾ ) ) is a town in East Lothian on the southeast coast of Scotland , approximately 28 miles ( 45 km ) east of Edinburgh and 28 miles ( 45 km ) from the English Border at Berwick - upon - Tweed .
Millbrook Community School was a secondary school in Southampton , England .
Fonthill Gifford is a village in Wiltshire , England , to the north of the Nadder valley , 14 miles ( 23 km ) west of Salisbury .
The San Antonio River Walk ( also known as Paseo del Río ) is a network of walkways along the banks of the San Antonio River , one story beneath the streets of Downtown San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Tang Zard - e Gelal ( Persian : تنگ زردگلال‎ , also Romanized as Tang Zard - e Gelāl ; also known as Tang Zard ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Shire of Yilgarn is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia about 400 kilometres ( 250 mi ) east of Perth , the state capital .
Swavesey is a village lying on the Greenwich Meridian in Cambridgeshire , England , with an approximate population of 2,480 .
Horsley Hill was a football and rugby league ground and greyhound racing track in South Shields .
The Ichetucknee River is a spring - fed , pristine river in North Central Florida .
Moosilauke Ravine Lodge is a cabin complex on the side of Mount Moosilauke in the White Mountains of New Hampshire .
Naservand - e Rahimi ( Persian : ناصروندرحيمي‎‎ , also Romanized as Nāşervand - e Raḩīmī ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grant Avenue in San Francisco , California is one of the oldest streets in the city 's Chinatown district .
Krzepinek ( kʂɛˈpʲinɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Leland Tower is a twenty - two story tall building located on Stolp Island in Aurora , Illinois .
Dolmabahçe Clock Tower ( Turkish : Dolmabahçe Saat Kulesi ) is a clock tower situated outside Dolmabahçe Palace in Istanbul , Turkey .
The Natick Center Historic District is a historic district on North Ave . , Main , Central , and Summer Streets in Natick , Massachusetts , encompassing the 19th century civic and economic heart of the town .
The Ivan Racheff House is a historic house with gardens at 1943 Tennessee Avenue in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
Connaught Road is a major thoroughfare on the north shore of Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
The Yellow Dog Plains is an area north and west of Marquette , Michigan , in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , United States .
Andrus Island is an island in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta in Sacramento County , California , twenty kilometres northeast of Antioch .
James M. Barry Electric Generating Plant is a coal- and natural gas - fired electrical generation facility in Bucks , Mobile County , Alabama .
Bieliny Poduchowne ( bjɛˈlinɨ pɔduˈxɔvnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Cobham Park is a country mansion and estate situated to the south of Cobham and encompassing the majority of Downside , Surrey , England it was formerly the seat of John Ligonier , 1st Earl Ligonier .
Serra Preta is a city located in the eastern state of Bahia , Brazil .
Bernal / Singleton Transfer Location is a bus - only station located along Bernal Drive and Singleton Blvd . in Dallas , Texas ( USA ) .
Although most Land O ' Lakes natives refer to the property as Lamont 's mansion , supernatural tales first disseminated by Ginger Hinshaw 's father Raymond Bober claim the mansion was haunted and refer to it as `` Summerwind '' .
Dionizów ( djɔˈnizuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Montreal Symphony House ( French : Maison symphonique de Montréal ) is a concert hall in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Hodynіvka ( Ukrainian : Годинівка ; Romanian : Godinești ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Hertsa Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Castell de la Trinitat is located on the Gulf of Roses , Alt Empordà comarca , Province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Brynford ( Welsh : Brynffordd ) is a village in Flintshire , Wales .
The Avon Park Air Force Range ( APAFR ) , which includes MacDill Air Force Base Auxiliary Field ( ICAO : KAGR , FAA LID : AGR ) , is a United States Air Force bombing range and air - ground training complex in the U.S. state of Florida located east of the city of Avon Park .
Tikei , also known as Manu , Tikai and Tiku is an island in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia .
The George W. Bethers House , also known as the William Wyatt House , is a historic residence in Philomath , Oregon , United States .
Gowd Mahi ( Persian : گودماهي‎ , also Romanized as Gowd Māhī ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
West Auckland is a village in County Durham , in North East England , to the west of Bishop Auckland on the A688 road .
Pioneer Oval is located in the town of Parkes , New South Wales Australia .
The Institut Redouté - Peiffer is secondary technical and professional school in Anderlecht , in the Brussels Capital Region , Belgium .
Knook Castle is the site of an Iron Age univallate hillfort located on Knook Down , near the village of Knook in Wiltshire , but within the civil parish of Upton Lovell .
Menangle Park Paceway is a harness racing track operating in Menangle Park , New South Wales , Australia .
Tavakkolan ( Persian : توكلان‎ , also Romanized as Tavakkolān and Taukalān ; also known as Tavikalān ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Lo Pan Temple ( traditional Chinese : 魯班先師廟 ; jyutping : lou5 baan1 sin1 si1 miu6 ) is a temple located in Kennedy Town , Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong dedicated to Lo Pan ( 魯班 ; also transliterated as `` Lu Ban '' ) , the patron saint of Chinese builders and contractors .
Vartiokylä ( Swedish : Botby ) is a neighbourhood in eastern Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
Greater Altoona Career and Technology Center is a vocational school that serves the area around Blair County , Pennsylvania .
Patkonan - e Bala ( Persian : پتكنان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Patkonān - e Bālā ; also known as Napkonān , Patkonān , Patkonow - ye Bālā , and Patkonū - ye Bālā ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Nowy Przylep ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈpʂɨlɛp ) ( German : NeuPrilipp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Neudd - fawr ( also spelt Neuadd Fawr ) is a small village in the community of Llanwnnen , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 59.9 miles ( 96.4 km ) from Cardiff and 176.3 miles ( 283.7 km ) from London .
Lost Creek State Park , located near Anaconda , Montana , is a state park 502 acres ( 203 ha ) in size and features towering limestone cliffs and multi - colored rock formations rising 1,200 feet ( 370 m ) above the canyon floor .
Lesińce ( lɛˈɕiɲt͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Maszew ( ˈmaʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dabuhiyeh ( Persian : دابوهيه‎ , also Romanized as Dābūhīyeh ; also known as Dābūḩayeh and Dābūḩayeh - ye Jannat ) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Glendale University College of Law ( GUCL ) is a private , for - profit law school in Glendale , California .
Länsi - Pasila ( Swedish : Västra Böle ) is a subdivision of Pasila , Helsinki , Finland .
Thomas Huey Farm is a registered historic place in Big Bone , Kentucky .
Kodur - e Pain ( Persian : كدورپائين‎ , also Romanized as Kodūr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Burton Mound ( also known as Syujtun or Syuxtun ) is a California Historical Landmark located in Santa Barbara , California , in the United States .
Naveh Kesh ( Persian : ناوه كش‎ , also Romanized as Nāveh Kesh and Naukash ; also known as Sarāb - e Nāveh Kash , Sarāb - e Nāveh Kesh , Sarāb - e Nowkash , and Sarāb Naukash ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Xamontarupt ( French pronunciation : ​(ksamɔ̃taʁy ) ) is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
The sea temperature of Kaohsiung Harbor remains above 22 ° C year - round , the second highest of Southern Taiwan after Liuqiu island , an island just off the coast of southern Kaohsiung with average monthly sea temperatures maintaining above 25 ° C year - round .
La Vibora ( The Viper ) is a steel bobsled roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington , Texas , United States .
Veeravelly is a village in Nalgonda district of Telangana , India .
Bonnie Springs Ranch is a western - themed amusement park near Blue Diamond , in Clark County , southern Nevada .
The Canby Ferry ( formally the M.J. Lee II ) is a ferry in the U.S. state of Oregon that connects Canby , and Wilsonville / Stafford in Clackamas County across the Willamette River .
Dinas Dinlle is a small settlement in Gwynedd , north - west Wales which is also , historically , part of Caernarfonshire .
Xi'an ( ( ɕí.án ) ; Chinese : 西安 ) , formerly romanized as Sian , is the capital of Shaanxi province , located in the northwest of the China , in the center of the Guanzhong Plain .
Leylateyn ( Persian : ليلتين‎ , also Romanized as Leylateyn and Līletīn ) is a village in Liravi - ye Jonubi Rural District , Imam Hassan District , Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Alaró ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əɫəˈɾo ) ) is a small municipality in the district of Raiguer on Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands , Spain .
Kaprin is a Tehsil in the Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir .
Loudi ( simplified Chinese : 娄底 ; traditional Chinese : 婁底 ; pinyin : Lóudî ) is a prefecture - level city located in central Hunan province , China .
Ars Nova School of the Arts is a conservatory located in Huntsville , Alabama providing education in fine arts , particularly music and theatre , to students of all ages .
Adams Mill Covered Bridge is located in Indiana south of State Road 18 and north of State Road 26 , 1/2 mile East of Cutler to County road 50 East , north on 50 East 1/2 mile .
Kłyż ( kwɨʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Brandaris is a lighthouse on the Dutch Wadden Sea island Terschelling , in Friesland .
The Bergin Block was an historic commercial building at 330 Lisbon Street in Lewiston , Maine .
The Basilica of the Fourteen Holy Helpers ( also Basilika Vierzehnheiligen ) is a church located near the town of Bad Staffelstein near Bamberg , in Bavaria , southern Germany .
The First White House of the Confederacy was the executive residence of President Jefferson Davis and family while the capital of the Confederate States of America was in Montgomery , Alabama .
Boneh - ye Sib ( Persian : بنه سيب‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Sīb and Boneh Sīb ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lubbock Christian University is a private Christian university associated with the Churches of Christ located in Lubbock , Texas , in the United States .
The Harvard Club of New York is a private social club located in Midtown Manhattan , New York , New York , USA .
Mountain High resort is a winter resort in the San Gabriel Mountains in Los Angeles County in California .
University High School of Science and Engineering ( UHSSE ) is a Science , Technology , Engineering , and Math magnet high school located in Hartford , Connecticut .
The Market Gate of Miletus ( German : das Markttor von Milet ) is a large marble monument in the Pergamon Museum in Berlin , Germany .
Bash Kalateh ( Persian : باش كلاته‎ , also Romanized as Bāsh Kalāteh ) is a village in Almeh Rural District , Samalqan District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Podłozy ( pɔdˈwɔzɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Sitkinak Island is an island of the Kodiak Archipelago of the state of Alaska , United States .
The Holston Army Ammunition Plant , also known as the Holston Ordnance Works , was constructed by Tennessee Eastman in Kingsport , Tennessee to manufacture explosives during World War II . BAE Systems ' division Ordnance Systems , Inc. currently operates the plant under a 25-year facilities use contract .
Shirin Qui ( Persian : شيرين قويي‎ , also Romanized as Shīrīn Qū'ī ) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
KNOU ( 96.3 MHz ) is an FM radio station in St. Louis , Missouri , branded as `` Now 96 - 3 '' .
Kalateh - ye Aqazadeh ( Persian : كلاته اقازاده‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Āqāzādeh ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The college , named after Gabriel Bethlen , Prince of Transylvania ( 1613 - -1629 ) , was founded in 1622 in Alba - Iulia , the capital city of Alba County , and it was then moved to Aiud .
Orchard Leigh is a hamlet in the parish of Latimer in Buckinghamshire , England , located along the B4505 about 2 miles east of Chesham .
Hallaj - e Olya ( Persian : حلاج عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩallāj - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 366 , in 59 families .
The Bedford Springs Hotel Historic District is a 300-acre ( 120 ha ) historic district in Bedford Springs , Pennsylvania , just south of the borough of Bedford , encompassing the grounds of a historic mineral springs resort .
Eyrgun ( Persian : ايرگون‎ , also Romanized as Eyrgūn ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Automobile Club of Buffalo is a historic clubhouse located at Clarence in Erie County , New York .
Ningling County ( Chinese : 宁陵县 ; Pinyin : Nínglíng Xiàn ) is a county of Shangqiu city , Henan province , People 's Republic of China , with the population of about ? ? , ? ? ? ? .
Chowlaqlu ( Persian : چولاقلو‎ , also Romanized as Chowlāqlū ; also known as Cholaghloo , Cholakhlu , Cholāklū , and Cholāqlū ) is a village in Qaflankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Asiate is a Contemporary American restaurant located in the Mandarin Oriental , New York hotel , on the 35th floor of 80 Columbus Circle ( West 60th Street at Broadway ) in Manhattan , New York City .
Koshkan - e Olya ( Persian : كشكان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Koshkān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Rabor Rural District , in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Vaneq - e Sofla ( Persian : وانق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Vāneq - e Soflá ; also known as Vāneq and Vāneq - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rashk - e Minu ( Persian : رشك مينو‎ , also Romanized as Rashk - e Mīnū ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WATY FM 91.3 is a radio station broadcasting a public radio radio format , and having a city of license of Folkston , Georgia , USA .
Clarks Point Airport ( IATA : CLP , ICAO : PFCL , FAA LID : CLP ) is a state - owned public - use airport located in Clarks Point , a city in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Magnet , Indiana , is an unincorporated community along the Ohio River in Tobin Township , Perry County , Indiana , United States .
Łutynowo ( wutɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Herkimer County Jail , also known as the 1834 Jail , is a historic jail in Herkimer , Herkimer County , New York .
Heber Springs High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the remote town of Heber Springs , Arkansas , United States .
The Columbus Fireman 's Park Complex consists of two buildings and one gate in Fireman 's Park in Columbus , Wisconsin , United States .
Rogue Community College ( RCC ) is a 2-year , community college with campuses in both Jackson County and Josephine County , falling roughly in the geographic region known as the Rogue Valley in Southern Oregon .
Moorhead Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KJKJ , FAA LID : JKJ ) is a city - owned public - use airport located four miles south east of the central business district of Moorhead , a city in Clay County , Minnesota , United States .
Myśliwczów ( mɨˈɕlift͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
McKinney Falls State Park is a state park located at the southeastern edge of Austin , Texas , United States around the confluence of Onion and Williamson Creeks and is administered by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department .
Linchuan District ( simplified Chinese : 临川区 ; traditional Chinese : 臨川區 ; pinyin : Línchuān Qū ) is the only district the city of Fuzhou , Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
The Isaac T. Hopper House , a Greek Revival townhouse at 110 Second Avenue between East 6th and 7th Streets in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , next to the New Middle Collegiate Church , was built in 1837 - 38 .
St. Marys High School is a fully accredited public high school located in St. Marys , Kansas , serving students in grades 9 - -12 .
Trebanog is a village in the Cymmer electoral ward lying on the southernmost outskirts of the Rhondda Valley , Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , located off the A4233 road between Porth the unofficial capital of the Rhondda , and the town of Tonyrefail which is at the head of the Ely Valley .
Thung Ngam ( Thai : ทุ่งงาม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Soem Ngam District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 8191 people .
Dur Bash ( Persian : دورباش‎ , also Romanized as Dūr Bāsh ) is a village in Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kapetanovići ( Serbian : Капетановићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington , D.C. , at Judiciary Square , honors 20,267 U.S. law enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty throughout history .
Rzuszcze ( ˈʐuʂt͡ʂɛ ) ( German : Ruschütz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ruś Mała ( ˈruɕ ˈmawa ) ( German : Klein Reußen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vayqan ( Persian : وايقان‎ ; also Romanized as Vāyqān and Vayeqān ; also known as Vaighan , Vayagan , and Vāygān ) is a city in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khomrud ( Persian : خمرود‎ , also Romanized as Khomrūd ) is a village in Dasht - e Khak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wheatland Baptist Cemetery , also known as Belcoda Cemetery , is a historic cemetery located at Belcoda in the town of Wheatland in Monroe County , New York .
Whale Rock Reservoir is a reservoir near Cayucos in San Luis Obispo County , California .
Bakhmut Raion ( Ukrainian : Бахмутський район ) is a raion ( district ) within the northeastern part of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
Yang Piang ( Thai : ยางเปียง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Omkoi District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Codrington Wind Farm is a wind farm on the coast of south - western Victoria , Australia near Yambuk .
The National Gallery of Macedonia ( Macedonian : Национална галерија на Македонија ) is a national art museum of the Republic of Macedonia , located in the capital city of Skopje .
Keeseekoowenin Ojibway First Nation has their main population located near Elphinstone , Manitoba on ( IR ) 61 which is located south of Riding Mountain National Park .
Bavigne ( Luxembourgish : Béiwen , German : Böwen ) is a village in the commune of Lac de la Haute - Sûre , in north - western Luxembourg .
The Litchfield Female Academy in Litchfield , Connecticut , founded in 1792 by Sarah Pierce , was one of the most important institutions of female education in the United States .
The St George 's Tron Church , in Glasgow , Scotland , is a Church of Scotland church in the city centre , located in Nelson Mandela Place near Queen Street Station .
Vidal Junction , California is a small town site in the Sonoran Desert in unincorporated San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Jannat Makan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جنت مكان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hampton Plantation , also known as Hampton Plantation House and Hampton Plantation State Historic Site , is a historic plantation , now a state historic site , north of McClellanville , South Carolina .
Nõnova is a village in Lasva Parish , Võru County , in southeastern Estonia , located about 8 km east of the town of Võru .
Calgary / Christiansen Field Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CRS3 ) , is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) northwest of Okotoks , Alberta , Canada .
Dabardan - e Olya ( Persian : دبردان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Dabardān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 168 , in 30 families .
Alampattu(Tamil;ஆலம்பட்டு ) is a village in the state of Tamil Nadu , Sivaganga District , India .
Qareh Baghreh ( Persian : قره بغره‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Boghreh ; also known as Qara Baqra , Qareh Baqreh , and Qareh Boqreh ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Manisa Province ( Turkish : Manisa ili ) is a province in western Turkey .
Trzcinica Wołowska ( tʂt͡ɕiˈnit͡sa vɔˈwɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Murder Bay was a disreputable slum in Washington D.C. roughly bounded by Constitution Avenue NW , Pennsylvania Avenue NW , and 15th Street NW ( the area currently known as Federal Triangle ) .
Roszki - Włodki ( ˈrɔʂki ˈvwɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Market Rasen is a town and civil parish within the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .
The Central Florida Railroad Museum is located at 101 South Boyd Street , Winter Garden , Florida in a former Tavares and Gulf depot built in 1913 .
Yizhuang Railway Station is a railway station on the Beijing--
Korablew ( kɔˈrablɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Apaseo el Grande is a Mexican city ( and municipality ) located in the state of Guanajuato .
Laroi is a village adjacent to the town of Bhogpur in district Jalandhar of Punjab , India .
Keykhosrow ( Persian : كيخسرو‎ ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nimaima ( Spanish pronunciation : ( niˈnaima ) ) is a tourist town in Colombia in the Cundinamarca Department .
Crowley 's Ridge ( also Crowleys Ridge ) is an unusual geological formation that rises 250 to 550 feet ( 170 m ) above the alluvial plain of the Mississippi embayment in a 150-mile ( 240 km ) line from southeastern Missouri to the Mississippi River near Helena , Arkansas .
Canlaon , officially the City of Canlaon ( Cebuano : Dakbayan sa Kanlaon ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Canlaon ) , is a fourth class city in the province of Negros Oriental , Philippines .
The Freedom Monument ( Latvian : Brīvības piemineklis , pronounced ( ˈbriːviːbas ˈpiɛmineklis ) ) is a memorial located in Riga , Latvia , honouring soldiers killed during the Latvian War of Independence ( 1918 - -1920 ) .
Peacemakers International is a Christian ministry located at 5322 Chene St. in the Poletown East neighborhood of Detroit , Michigan .
Pendine ( Welsh : Pentywyn , `` end of the dunes '' ) is a village and community in Carmarthenshire , Wales , lying on the northern shore of Carmarthen Bay .
Suwaki ( suˈvaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kłudzice ( kwuˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ye County or Yexian ( Chinese : 叶县 ; pinyin : Yè Xiàn ) is a county in Pingdingshan , Henan province , China , with a population of 820,000 .
The Sedgwick County Fair has been held in Cheney , Sedgwick County , Kansas , United States since 1940 .
The Bridge Road Cemetery is an historic cemetery on Bridge Road in Eastham , Massachusetts .
Middletown Valley , also historically known as Catoctin Valley , is a valley in western Frederick County in the state of Maryland .
Vahnabad ( Persian : وهن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Vahnābād , Vahanābād , and Wahsanābād ) is a village in Vahnabad Rural District , in the Central District of Robat Karim County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Orem Community Hospital is located Orem , Utah , United States and is part of the Intermountain Healthcare system .
Lai Tak Tsuen ( Chinese : 勵德邨 ) is a public housing estate at 2 -- 38 Lai Tak Tsuen Road , Tai Hang , Wan Chai District , Hong Kong .
The Sister Dominica Manor , also known as Federal Hill Manor and originally called Bradford House , is a high - rise building located in the Federal Hill district of Providence , Rhode Island .
Coole Pilate is a civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England , which lies to the north of Audlem and to the south of Nantwich .
Shokuhabad ( Persian : شكوه آباد‎ , also Romanized as Shokūhābād and Shekūhābād ; also known as Shukrabad ) is a village in Delbaran Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rheinfelden ( Swiss German : Rhyfälde , ( ˈɾiːfæld̥ə ) ) is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland , seat of the district of Rheinfelden .
Richwood Evangelical Lutheran Church , also known as Cross Roads Lutheran Church , is a historic Lutheran church at 9700 West County Road 700 South in the unincorporated town of Cross Roads in Salem Township , Delaware County , Indiana .
The Izembek National Wildlife Refuge is the smallest of the National Wildlife Refuges located in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Velorvattom is a place near Cherthala , Kerala State , India .
The Columbia Trail is a rail trail in rural northwestern New Jersey .
The Bouie River , also sometimes known as the Bowie River , is a tributary of the Leaf River , 60 miles ( 97 km ) long , in southern Mississippi in the United States .
Northside Tower is a nine - story , mid - rise office building located at 6065 Roswell Road in downtown Sandy Springs , Georgia , a northern suburb of Atlanta .
The Clare Congregational Church , also known as the Clare Congregational United Church of Christ , is a church located at 110 West Fifth Street in Clare , Michigan .
Westbury - sub - Mendip is a village in Somerset , England , with a population of about 800 , situated on the southern slopes of the Mendip Hills 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) from Wells and Cheddar .
Hellenstein Castle is located 70 meters ( 230 ft ) above the city of Heidenheim an der Brenz in eastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Dhanmondi Cricket Stadium is a major public ground hosting matches of domestic and inter - collegiate cricket in Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh . It is the home of Dhaka division cricket team .
The Eddleman - McFarland House , sometimes known as the Ball - Eddleman - McFarland House or just the McFarland House , is a historic residence built in 1899 in the Quality Hill section of Fort Worth , Texas .
Tangestan County ( Persian : شهرستان تنگستان‎ ) is a county in Bushehr Province in Iran .
Żegary ( ʐɛˈɡarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Red Hills of Dundee is a mountain range in Yamhill County , Oregon .
Tresbœuf ( Breton : Trevo ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The House at 53 Linden Street in Brookline , Massachusetts , is a well - preserved local example of transitional Greek Revival - Italianate styling .
Nughab Chik ( Persian : نوغاب چيك‎ , also Romanized as Nūghāb Chīk and Nūqāb Chīk ; also known as Naqūchik ) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Altona Beach is a beach located in Altona , Victoria , Australia with a long pier towards the middle of it .
Olesa de Bonesvalls is a town in the Alt Penedès county in Catalonia , Spain .
Beobridge is a small , scattered hamlet in Shropshire , England .
Teymur Suri - ye Olya ( Persian : تيمورسوري عليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Teymūr Sūrī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 231 , in 49 families .
Małaszek ( maˈwaʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Lomita Railroad Museum is a museum in Lomita , California devoted to California railroad history during the steam era .
Hargenush ( Persian : هرگنوش‎ , also Romanized as Hargenūsh ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ban Puang ( Thai : บ้านปวง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Thung Hua Chang District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 3918 people .
Kalenne ( kaˈlɛnnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Valea Teilor ( formerly Meidanchioi ) is a commune in Tulcea County , Romania .
Great Trough Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River in Bedford , Fulton and Huntingdon counties in Pennsylvania in the United States .
Savaran Darreh - ye Sofla ( Persian : سواران دره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Savārān Darreh - ye Soflá and Sabārān Darreh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Zalaboldogfa is a village northwest of Zalaegerszeg in Zala County , Hungary .
WLTR is a noncommercial Classical / News / Talk formatted radio station located in Columbia , South Carolina , USA .
The Piper - Beebe House , located at 2 S. A St. in Virginia City , Nevada , is a historic Italianate house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Rynki ( ˈrɨŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Adilman Building ( built in 1912 , expanded in 1921 and renovated in 1949 ) is a historic building in the Riversdale district of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Tell Ain Ghessali is an archaeological site 1.5 km west of Rayak to Baalbek road near the Talia crossing in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
The J. Vivian Jr. and Company Building is a commercial building located at 342 Hecla Street in Laurium , Michigan .
Królów Las ( ˈkruluf ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gillis Lake is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality on Cape Breton Island .
Jabiluka is a pair of uranium deposits and mine development in the Northern Territory of Australia that was to have been built on land belonging to the Mirarr Aboriginal people .
The City of Castlemaine was a local government area about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) north - northwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia , and 38 kilometres ( 24 mi ) south of the regional city of Bendigo .
Bitch Mountain is a summit in Essex County , New York , in the United States .
Szulbory ( ʂulˈbɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nagupalli is a village in Dammapeta mandal which in Khammam district which is in Telangana state .
Joe Pool Lake is a fresh water impoundment ( reservoir ) located in the southern part of the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex in North Texas .
Galowice ( ɡalɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Gallowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chah - e Reza Aqa ( Persian : چاه رضااقا‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Reẕā Āqā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Seabranch Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park , located approximately ten miles south of Stuart , off A1A.
Aqa Moqim Mahalleh ( Persian : اقامقيم محله‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Moqīm Maḩalleh ; also known as Āqā Mogīm Maḩalleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The NW 39th Street Enclave , also known as `` 39th & Penn '' or simply `` 39th Street '' , or `` The Strip '' , is a prominent lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) district in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
The Charlotte County Court House ( French : Palais de justice du comté de Charlotte ) is a court house serving Charlotte County and located in St. Andrews , New Brunswick , Canada .
Takengon is a town in Aceh , a province of Indonesia and is the seat ( capital ) of the Central Aceh Regency .
Gowd - e Baqer ( Persian : گودباقر‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Bāqer ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Now Deh - e Meyrmaharab ( Persian : نوده ميرمحراب‎ , also Romanized as Now Deh - e Meyrmaḥarāb ; also known as Now Deh ) is a village in Zibad Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey ( /ˈrʌtɡərz/ ) , commonly referred to as Rutgers University , Rutgers , or RU , is an American public research university and the largest institution for higher education in New Jersey .
The Red Rock Lakes Wilderness is within the Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge in southwest Montana , United States .
Langdon Hall is a building on the campus of Auburn University in Auburn , Alabama , United States .
Cass City Jr./Sr . High School is a public middle school and high school located in Cass City , Michigan , United States .
Morrone ( Scottish Gaelic : Mór Bheinn or Mór Shròn ) is a Scottish hill immediately southwest of the village of Braemar in Aberdeenshire .
The Contarelli Chapel is located within the church of San Luigi dei Francesi in Rome .
Szymankowszczyzna ( ʂɨmaŋkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Allen Arena is an indoor arena at Lipscomb University in Nashville , Tennessee .
Werblinia ( vɛrˈbliɲa ) ( Kashubian : Wôrblëniô ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dar Sufeh ( Persian : درصوفه‎ , also Romanized as Dar Şūfeh and Darsūfeh ; also known as Darb Sūfeh and Kalāteh - ye Mollā ) is a village in Zibad Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Municipal institutions Employment office Bad Aibling Institutions of the Rosenheim district office ( veterinary office , motor vehicle registration authority ) Local court Bundesnachrichtendienst ( BND ) , Federal Intelligence Service
Figino Serenza is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Milan and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southeast of Como .
Fontmell Magna is a village and civil parish in north Dorset , England .
Muineh ( Persian : موئينه‎ , also Romanized as Mū``īneh ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 362 , in 101 families .
Urmein ( Romansh : Urmagn ) is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Chichak ( Persian : چيچك‎ , also Romanized as Chīchak ) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Boneh - ye Baba Zahed ( Persian : بنه بابازاهد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Bābā Zāhed ; also known as Bābā Zāhed and Boneh Seyyed ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Malęcino ( malɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( Kashubian : Małãczëno ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Monticello Brianza is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy , located in Brianza about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Lecco .
Sanford School is a private , college preparatory , coeducational day school for students in pre - kindergarten through grade twelve , located in Hockessin , Delaware .
Stirling Gardens is a small public park in Perth , Western Australia .
Miller Park Zoo is a zoo located in Miller Park ; a public park in Bloomington , Illinois , United States .
Ilyasabad ( Urdu : الياس آباد ‎ ) is a town in the southern suburbs of the city of Hyderabad , in Sindh , Pakistan .
Treforgan ( Welsh : `` Morgan 's place '' ) is a small village in the community of Llangoedmor , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 74.7 miles ( 120.2 km ) from Cardiff and 196.3 miles ( 315.8 km ) from London .
Gachkharan ( Persian : گچ خران‎ , also Romanized as Gachkharān ; also known as Gachgarān , Gach Gīrān , and Gackgarān ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dydule ( dɨˈdulɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chanzaq ( Persian : چنزق‎ ; also known as Chanza , Chanzagh , Chanzanaq , and Kanzaq ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Shomali Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Peter Faneuil School is an historic school building at 60 Joy Street on Beacon Hill in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Mount Baker - Snoqualmie National Forest in Washington is a National Forest extending more than 140 miles ( 230 km ) along the western slopes of the Cascade Range from the Canadian border to the northern boundary of Mount Rainier National Park .
Stożnowo ( stɔʐˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Qazvin Province ( Persian : استان قزوین‎‎ Ostān - e Qazvīn , Azerbaijani : قزوین اوستانی Qəzvin Ostanı‎ , Tati : قزوینی استان Qazvini Ostân ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
College Square Historic District is located on a bluff north of downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Alex G. Spanos Stadium , formerly known as Mustang Stadium , is an 11,075-seat multi - purpose stadium on the campus of California Polytechnic State University ( Cal Poly ) , San Luis Obispo , in the U.S. state of California .
Polaris Fashion Place is a two level shopping mall and surrounding retail plaza serving Columbus , Ohio , United States .
Jamalabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جمال آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Hasan Boqeh ( Persian : حسن بقعه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Boq``eh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 153 , in 35 families .
Border Theater is a historic movie theater in Mission , Texas .
Lancaster Mennonite School is a private Christian school with four campuses in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania , and one in Hershey , Dauphin County .
The Cantilever Range is the highest sector of the Lillooet Ranges and is crowned by Skihist Mountain , which stands 2968 m ( 9738 ft ) , making it the highest mountain in southwestern British Columbia .
Oddendale is a hamlet in Cumbria , England , near the large village of Shap .
Ravenstonedale is a village and large civil parish in Cumbria , on the watershed between the River Lune and River Eden .
Twin Bridges State Park is located on the north side of the Grand Lake o ' the Cherokees in northeastern Oklahoma .
Howraghat ( IPA : ˈhɑʊrəˌgɑːt ) is a town in the Karbi Anglong district of India 's state of Assam .
Redwood Empire Food Bank ( REFB ) is a food bank on the North Coast of California which belongs to the Feeding America network .
Salehabad - e Bozorg ( Persian : صالح ابادبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḩābād - e Bozorg ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lake Village Airport ( FAA LID : C98 ) is a public - use airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Lake Village , in Newton County , Indiana , United States .
Lurleen B. Wallace Community College ( LBWCC ) is a community college with campuses in Andalusia , Greenville , and Opp , Alabama .
Mémorial de la Shoah is the holocaust museum in Le Marais , Paris , France .
Mathigiri is a panchayat town in Hosur Urban area in Krishnagiri district , Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Tauț ( Hungarian : Feltót ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania . It is situated in the contact zone of the Cigherului Hills and Zărandului Mountains , in the hydrographical basin of the Cigher River .
Niechcianów ( ɲexˈt͡ɕanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Platte River Wilderness is primarily located in south central Wyoming , with a small section extending into Colorado in the United States .
Stanisławów Lipski ( staniˈswavuf ˈlipski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chah - e Maryam ( Persian : چاه مریم ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Carmyllie ( Gaelic : Càrn Mhoillidh ) is a rural parish in Angus , Scotland .
Osmancık is a district of Çorum Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey , located 59 km north of the city of Çorum .
Mount Haven Hotel is a hotel near the coast on the eastern side of the town of Marazion , Cornwall , England , UK , several miles east of Penzance .
Teresva ( Ukrainian : Тересва ) is an urban - type settlement in Tiachiv Raion ( district ) of Zakarpattia Oblast ( region ) in western Ukraine .
Fulton - Presbyterian Cemetery is a registered historic site in Cincinnati , Ohio , listed in the National Register on August 24 , 1979 .
Agua Dulce Airpark ( FAA LID : L70 ) , also known as Agua Dulce Airport , is a public - use airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of the central business district of Agua Dulce , in Los Angeles County , California , United States .
Santa Anita Park is a thoroughbred racetrack in Arcadia , California , United States .
The Stone Manor is a historic Italianate residence in Homer Glen , Illinois .
Akhowr Khash ( Persian : اخوررخش‎ , also Romanized as Ākhowr Khash , Ākhvorrash , and Akhor Vakhsh ; also known as Ākhowr and Al Khawr ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hawthorne Army Depot ( HWAD ) is a U.S. Army ammunition storage depot located near the town of Hawthorne in western Nevada in the United States .
Genani ( Persian : گناني‎ , Sorani Kurdish : گنانی , also Romanized as Genānī ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Latta Plantation , also known as Latta House , is a historic house located in Huntersville , North Carolina near Mountain Island Lake .
Olaulim is a scenic village in Bardez sub - district , North Goa , India .
Calgary Queens Park was a provincial electoral district that existed in Calgary Alberta from 1963 to 1967 .
Collège catholique Samuel - Genest ( CCSG ) is a French Catholic junior high and high school ( Grade 7 to Grade 12 ) in Ottawa , Ontario , under the Conseil des écoles catholiques du Centre - Est ( CECCE ) .
Burwood Cemetery is a cemetery located in Burwood , Victoria in Australia .
In 1896 , Chuncheon became the capital city of Gangwon province .
Teltown ( Irish : Tailtin ) is an outdated place name in County Meath , Ireland , for the area between Navan and Kells .
Chandler Mill Bridge , also known as Chester County Bridge No . 236 , is a historic steel bridge located in Kennett Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Chirk ( Welsh : Y Waun , meaning The Moor ) is a small town and local government community , the lowest tier of local government , part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales .
Setauket Presbyterian Church and Burial Ground , also known as First Presbyterian Church of Brookhaven , is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery at 5 Caroline Avenue in the Village of Setauket , Suffolk County , New York .
Mauricie ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔʁisi ) ) is a traditional and current administrative region of Quebec .
Jubata ez - Zeit ( Arabic : جباتا الزيت‎ , Jubātā az - Zayt ) was a Syrian village situated in the far north of the Golan Heights .
Dardavey ( Persian : دردوي‎ ) is a village in Pain Khvaf Rural District , Sangan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Majdabad - e Now ( Persian : مجدابادنو‎ , also Romanized as Majdābād - e Now ; also known as Majābād , Mujdābād , and Mujdābād Nau ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Basílica del Salvador is a basilica located at the corner of Huérfanos Street and Almirante Barroso Street in the Barrio Brasil of Santiago de Chile .
Deh Darzeh ( Persian : ده درزه‎ ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Toveyleh - ye Yebareh ( Persian : طويله يباره‎ , also Romanized as Ţoveyleh - ye Yebāreh ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Surbtal is the name of a river valley region in the Canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Śmiechów ( ˈɕmjɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Centre of Tallahassee , formerly Tallahassee Mall , is a local unenclosed shopping center ( formerly an enclosed regional shopping mall ) located at the intersection of North Monroe Street and John Knox Road in Tallahassee , Florida .
Staszkowo ( staʂˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Baarwiese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rosewall Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located northwest of the community of Bowser .
The Queen Elizabeth Stadium is an indoor sport facility on the Morrison Hill in Wan Chai , on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong .
The Albertstadt is a neighborhood of Dresden , Germany .
Khakian ( Persian : خاكيان‎‎ , also Romanized as Khākīān ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Marktbreit am Main is a town in the district of Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria situated at the most southern point of the Main river .
The Barry Switzer Center , on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman , Oklahoma , houses football offices , the football locker room , equipment room , the Siegfried Strength and Conditioning Complex , the Freede Sports Medicine Facility and the Touchdown Club Legends Lobby .
Pachady is an agricultural village situated in the state of Kerala and the Idukki district under Udumbanchola taluk in India .
Jannus Live ( originally known as Jannus Landing ) is an outdoor music venue in St. Petersburg , Florida .
The Whitcomb Farm is an historic farmhouse at 36 Willett Avenue in East Providence , Rhode Island .
The Old Mill District is a historic area formerly occupied by two lumber mills in Bend , Oregon .
Mand - e Bala ( Persian : مندبالا‎ , also Romanized as Mand - e Bālā ; also known as Mand ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Doğanşehir , ( Kurdish : Muhacîr ) , also known as Muhacir , Viransehir , Viranşehir , is a district of Malatya Province of Turkey .
Yale Law School ( often referred to as Yale Law or YLS ) is the law school of Yale University , located in New Haven , Connecticut , United States .
Kafshgiran ( Persian : كفشگران‎ , also Romanized as Kafshgīrān and Kafshgarān ) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mejillones is a Chilean port city and commune in Antofagasta Province in the Antofagasta Region .
The Russell Ranch Oil Field is an oil and gas field in the Cuyama Valley of northern Santa Barbara and southern San Luis Obispo Counties , California , in the United States .
Lakan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لاكان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Attymass ( Irish : Áth Tí an Mheasaigh ) is a village in County Mayo , Ireland .
Bethel Beach Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Mathews County , Virginia , near the Chesapeake Bay .
Kaliambakam is a village located in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Dul Gaz - e Rajabali ( Persian : دولگزرجبعلي‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Gaz - e Rajab``alī ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 187 , in 38 families .
Mazraeh - ye Tareshk ( Persian : مزرعه ترشك‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tareshk ) is a village in Bayat Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Gorzeszyn ( ɡɔˈʐɛʂɨn ) ( German : Gorshütte ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Aleksicze ( alɛkˈɕit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Albany Academy for Girls is an independent college - preparatory day school for girls in Albany , New York , USA , enrolling students from Preschool ( age 3 ) to Grade 12 .
Yazdel ( Persian : يزدل‎ , also Romanized as Yazdal ; also known as Yāzdiz ) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District , in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Delaware Route 17 ( DE 17 ) is a two - lane undivided state highway located in Sussex County , Delaware .
Good Counsel Complex , also known as Convent of the Sisters of the Divine Compassion , is a national historic district located at White Plains , Westchester County , New York .
Käsmu ( German : Kaspervik , Hasterwieck ) is a village in Vihula Parish , Lääne - Viru County , in northern Estonia , on the territory of Lahemaa National Park .
Praia do Norte is a civil parish of the municipality of Horta , located along the northern coast between Cedros and Capelo , on the island of Faial , Azores .
The Moffatt - Ladd House , also known as the William Whipple House , is a historic house museum and National Historic Landmark at 154 Market Street in Portsmouth , New Hampshire , United States .
Bidesgan ( Persian : بيدسگان‎ , also Romanized as Bīdesgān , Bīdsagān , and Bīdeskān ; also known as Bidishkūn ) is a village in Baghestan Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ford 's Grand Opera House was a major music venue in Baltimore , Maryland , located on West Fayette Street between North Howard and Eutaw Streets .
Darb - e Gonbad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان درب گنبد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Barreh Kolang ( Persian : بره كلنگ‎ ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Sanderling Beach Club is a historic Sarasota School of Architecture building in Sarasota , Florida , United States .
The Arboretum du Sarroudier ( 60 hectares ) is a new arboretum now taking shape in the village of Le Mas , Alpes - Maritimes , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Bararee Colliery is one of the underground mines of Lodna area of Bharat Coking Coal Limited subsidiary of Coal India Limited .
Żmijówek - Mans ( ʐmiˈjuvɛk ˈmans ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Alcove Historic District is a 14-acre ( 5.7 ha ) historic district in the hamlet of Alcove in Albany County , New York .
St Paul 's Within the Walls ( Italian : San Paolo dentro le mura ) , also known as the American Church in Rome , is a church of the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe on Via Nazionale in Castro Pretorio , Rome .
Blake Peak ( or Blake Mountain ) is a mountain located in Essex County , New York .
Mohammad Saidi ( Persian : محمدسعيدي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Saʿīdī ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pomerelle Mountain is an alpine ski area in the western United States , in south central Idaho .
Boneh - ye Mohammad ( Persian : بنه محمد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Moḩammad ; also known as Bunneh - i - Muhammad ) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District , Shabankareh District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Jadzień ( ˈjad͡ʑeɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chah - e Karim ( Persian : چاه كرم‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Karim ) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Adena Mound , the type site for the Adena culture of prehistoric mound builders , is a registered historic structure , on the grounds of the Adena Mansion for which it is named , near Chillicothe , Ohio , was listed in the National Register on June 5 , 1975 .
The John Sevier Savings and Loan building ( historically known as the Sevierville Masonic Lodge ) is a historic building in Sevierville , Tennessee .
Little River ( Dubbo ) , a watercourse of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the central western and Orana districts of New South Wales , Australia .
Vihterpalu ( German : Wichterpal ) is a village in Padise Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia .
Bronoszewice ( brɔnɔʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dr. Walter F. Robinson School is a public coeducational primary school located in the U.S. city of Bayonne , New Jersey , run by the Bayonne Board of Education .
The Atocha station memorial is a memorial monument located at Atocha station in Madrid , Spain , that commemorates the 191 victims of the 11 March 2004 Madrid train bombings and the special forces agent who died when seven suicide bombers blew themselves up on 3 April 2004 .
KFIR ( 720 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Sweet Home in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Murzangi ( Persian : مورزنگي‎ , also Romanized as Mūrzangī ; also known as Mūrazmgī ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Enchanted Mesa is a sandstone butte in Cibola County , New Mexico , United States , about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) northeast of the pueblo of Acoma .
Leadership Square is an office complex in downtown Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , USA .
Soudley is a small village to the west of Cinderford , in the Forest of Dean , west Gloucestershire , England . It joins with Ruspidge to form a civil parish .
Delmarva Christian High School is a Christian high school located in Georgetown , Delaware , the geographic center , and county seat of Sussex County .
Ronsdorf is a district of the German town Wuppertal .
Roxbury Community College ( RCC ) is a community college in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Schicker Mound is a Native American archaeological site located near Tallulah , Louisiana , United States .
Thomas R. Carskadon House also known as the Carskadon Mansion and `` Radical Hill , '' is a historic home located on Radical Hill overlooking Mineral Street ( US 220 ) , in Keyser , Mineral County , West Virginia .
Fort Gaston was founded on December 4 , 1859 , in the redwood forests of the Hoopa Valley , in Northern California , on the west bank of the Trinity River , 14 miles from where the Trinity flows into the Klamath River .
The El Dorado Correctional Facility , or EDCF , is a maximum security prison located in Prospect Township in Butler County , Kansas east of the town of El Dorado .
KWYY ( 95.5 FM ) is a radio station in Casper , Wyoming , branded as `` My Country 95.5 '' and carrying a country music format .
Grangemill is a busy crossroads village in the English county of Derbyshire .
The Uncanoonuc Mountains are two small mountain peaks in Goffstown , New Hampshire , United States .
Tasiujaq ( Inuktitut : ᑕᓯᐅᔭᖅ , meaning : Which resembles a lake ) is a northern village ( Inuit community ) in Nunavik , in northern Quebec , Canada .
Cristinápolis is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Sergipe .
Stockdale Country Club is an 18-hole private golf course located on a plot of unincorporated Kern County land that is surrounded by Bakersfield , California .
Santa Fe Christian Schools is a private , college preparatory , Christian school , located in Solana Beach , California .
The Kayseri Province ( Turkish : Kayseri ili ) is situated in central Turkey .
The I.O.O.F. Building of Buffalo , in Buffalo , Oklahoma , was built in 1917 in what is now known as Plains Commercial Style architecture .
Gishnu ( Persian : گيشنو‎ , also Romanized as Gīshnū ) is a village in Tiab Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Nay ( Persian : كلاته نايي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Nāy ; also known as Nā’ī ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Podcerkawizna ( pɔtt͡sɛrkaˈvizna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Radomsko , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
KRZA transmits from the peak of San Antonio Mountain above Antonito , Colorado and can be heard as far south as Santa Fe , New Mexico and up to the north end of the San Luis Valley .
Ebrahimabad , Zahedan ( Persian : ابراهیم‌آباد‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Elgin Mental Health Center ( formerly Elgin State Hospital ) is a mental health facility operated by the State of Illinois in Elgin , Illinois .
Golčův Jeníkov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɡoltʃuːf ˈjɛɲiːkof ) ; German : Goltsch - Jenikau ) is a town in the Havlíčkův Brod District , Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Piotrowo Pierwsze ( pjɔˈtrɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Roma Trastevere railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Roma Trastevere ) is a major railway station serving the city and comune of Rome , Italy .
Hawthorne Industrial Airport ( IATA : HTH , ICAO : KHTH , FAA LID : HTH ) is a county - owned public - use airport located one mile ( 2 km ) north of the central business district of Hawthorne , in Mineral County , Nevada , United States .
Burtonhole Lane and Pasture is a 6.5 hectare Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation , Grade II , between Mill Hill and Totteridge in the London Borough of Barnet .
Abirash ( Persian : ابيرش‎ , also Romanized as Ābīrash ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Glencoe - Auburn Hotel and Glencoe - Auburn Place Row Houses is a registered historic district in Cincinnati , Ohio , listed in the National Register of Historic Places on December 10 , 2003 .
Edinburgh Playhouse is a former cinema in Edinburgh , Scotland which now hosts touring musicals and music concerts .
Bothwell Castle is a large medieval castle sited on a high , steep bank , above a bend in the River Clyde , in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Maniów Wielki ( ˈmaɲuf ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Fearnville is a small area of Leeds which has boundaries with Roundhay , Seacroft , Oakwood , Gipton and Harehills .
Kalateh - ye Chapar Qaleh ( Persian : كلاته چاپارقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Chāpār Qal``eh ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 24 , in 6 families .
Vayrij ( Persian : ويريج‎ , also Romanized as Vayrīj and Varīj ; also known as Darīj ) is a village in Fordu Rural District , Kahak District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
The Ohio Statehouse , located in Columbus , Ohio , is the house of government for the state of Ohio .
Kibler High School is a historic high school building located at the city of Tonawanda in Erie County , New York .
Shirur taluka ( Marathi : शिरूर तालुका ) , is a taluka in Haveli subdivision of Pune district of state of Maharashtra in India .
Beth Tfiloh Congregation is an Orthodox congregation in Pikesville , Maryland .
Alhasi ( Persian : الهاسي‎ , also Romanized as Alḩāşī ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Spandau ( pronounced ( ˈʃpandaʊ̯ ) ) is the fifth of the twelve boroughs ( Bezirk ) of Berlin .
Västerås Municipality ( Västerås kommun ) is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden .
Sant'Ambrogio e Carlo al Corso ( usually known simply as San Carlo al Corso ) is a basilica church in Rome , Italy , facing onto the central part of the Via del Corso .
Korolówka - Kolonia ( kɔrɔˈlufka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Avanlu ( Persian : اوانلو‎ , also Romanized as Āvānlū ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Larapinta Drive is a designated state route in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Kuttiady ( or Kuttiadi ) is a town in the northern part of Kozhikode district in Kerala state , India .
Ellenborough Falls , a horsetail waterfall on the headwaters of the Ellenborough River , is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Grenfell Glen ( also called the Grenfell Sector ) is a small neighbourhood in Knoxdale - Merivale Ward in the city of Ottawa in Ontario , Canada .
The George Washington Purnell House in Snow Hill , Maryland , is a gothic revival house built around 1860 .
Strykowice Błotne ( strɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈbwɔtnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hoseynabad - e Baba Khanjar ( Persian : حسين ابادباباخنجر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Bābā Khanjar ; also known as Hasanābād , Hosein Abad Mehraban , Ḩoseynābād , and Husainābād ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Shirin Su District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Pleissner Gallery is an exhibit building located at the Shelburne Museum in Shelburne , Vermont .
Uzun Tappeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : اوزن تپه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Uzūn Tappeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Uzūn Tappeh ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bovingdon is a large village in Hertfordshire , England , four miles southwest of Hemel Hempstead , and it is a civil parish within the local authority area of Dacorum .
Albaro is a residential neighbourhood of Genoa , Italy , which covers a wide area on a hill east of the city centre , once the old comune of San Francesco d'Albaro , included in the city of Genoa in 1873 .
Ovraqin ( Persian : اورقين‎ , also Romanized as Ovraqīn ; also known as Auwarghon , Oorghīn , Orqīn , and Ūrqīn ) is a village in Raheb Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hoffman Island is one of two small artificial islands in the Lower New York Bay , off South Beach , Staten Island .
Eynhallow ( Old Norse : Eyinhelga ) is a small , presently uninhabited island , part of Orkney , off the north coast of mainland Scotland .
Erie Maritime Museum is a maritime museum located on Presque Isle Bay in downtown Erie , Pennsylvania .
White Pines Forest State Park , more commonly referred to as White Pines State Park , is an Illinois state park in Ogle County , Illinois .
Eyn ol Qas ( Persian : عين القاص‎ , also Romanized as `` Eyn ol Qāş ) is a village in Sahneh Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 186 , in 50 families .
Dauphin Island Airport ( FAA LID : 4R9 ) is a county - owned public - use airport in Mobile County , Alabama , United States .
Farm & Wilderness , also known as F&W , is a system of seven ACA - accredited Quaker - based summer camps and associated educational programs situated in and around Plymouth , Vermont .
Mezzolombardo ( German : Welsch - Metz ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of the city of Trento .
The Mormon Pioneer Cemetery is located at 3301 State Street in present - day Florence at the north end of Omaha , Nebraska .
Pez - e Sofla ( Persian : پزسفلي‎ ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
L.A. Louver is an art gallery focusing on American and European contemporary art . The gallery is located in Venice , Los Angeles , California , USA .
Heisdorf railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Heeschdref , French : Gare de Heisdorf , German : Bahnhof Heisdorf ) is a railway station serving Heisdorf , in the commune of Steinsel , in central Luxembourg .
Edward Drinker Cope House , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , was a home of Edward Drinker Cope , a prolific geologist and paleontologist and noted herpetologist .
Eikeland is a village in southeastern part of the municipality of Gjerstad in Aust - Agder , Norway .
Aksubayevsky District ( Russian : Аксуба́евский райо́н ; Tatar Cyrillic : Аксубай районы , Latin : Aqsubay rayonı ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
Ludian County ( Chinese : 鲁甸县 ; pinyin : Lǔdiàn Xiàn ) is a county under the administration of Zhaotong City , it lies in the north east of Yunnan Province , China , and shares land borders with Guizhou Province .
Whiteman Airport ( previously known as Whiteman Air Park ) ( IATA : WHP , ICAO : KWHP ) is a general aviation airport in the northeastern San Fernando Valley community of Pacoima , in the city of Los Angeles , California .
Orlinka ( ɔrˈlinka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Museum of the Ara Pacis ( Italian : Museo dell'Ara Pacis ) belongs to the Sistema dei Musei in Comune of Rome ( Italy ) ; it houses the Ara Pacis of Augustus , an ancient monument that was initially inaugurated on January 30 , 9 B.C.
Emerald Downs is a thoroughbred racetrack in Auburn , Washington , located a half mile east of Highway 167 .
Lakhpat is a sparsely populated town and sub - district in Kachchh district in the Indian state of Gujarat located at the mouth of Kori Creek .
Połajewek ( pɔwaˈjɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Our Lady of the Lake University ( OLLU ) is an independent Catholic , co - ed university located in San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Glover School is a public elementary school on Maple Street in Marblehead , Massachusetts , US .
Veckersviller ( in German Weckersweiler ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
High Banks , also known as the Helm - Clevenger House , is a historic home and farm located near Stephenson , Frederick County , Virginia .
Taenga , or Taunga - hara , is one of the Tuamotu atolls in French Polynesia .
The Assonet Burying Ground is the main public cemetery for Freetown , Massachusetts .
Sadrollah ( Persian : صدراله‎ , also Romanized as Şadrollah ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Balmoral Mounds ( 16 TE 12 ) is an archaeological site of the Coles Creek culture in Tensas Parish , Louisiana .
Sarchel ( Persian : سرچل‎ ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chudei ( Ukrainian : Чудей ; Romanian : Ciudei ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Hope Mills Lake , also referred to as Hope Mills Lake # 1 , and by long - time citizens as The Pond , was a lake in Hope Mills in Cumberland County , North Carolina .
Farm to Market Road 1092 ( FM 1092 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that is within both Fort Bend and Harris Counties .
Paloich Airport , Heliport ( also Palogue , Palouge Paloug , Paluge ) is the airport in South Sudan ( Upper Nile State ) which provides cargo operations for the adjacent Palogue oil field .
The Lost Canyon Cowboy Camp was a line camp operated by the Scorup - Sommerville Cattle Company in what would become Canyonlands National Park , Utah .
Appin Road is a New South Wales secondary highway linking Campbelltown and Sydney 's western suburbs with Wollongong .
The Toliara Province ( formerly Toliary or Tuléar ) is a former province of Madagascar with an area of 161,405 square kilometres ( 62,319 sq mi ) .
Arkoli ( Persian : اركلي‎ , also Romanized as Ārḵolī ) is a village in Golidagh Rural District , Golidagh District , Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
WNYL - LP ( 104.9 FM ) is a defunct radio station formerly licensed to serve Lima , New York .
Kanavuori is a district , a hill and a nature reserve in Jyväskylä , Finland .
The Hattiesburg Zoo ( sometimes also called the Kamper Park Zoo ) is a small 12-acre ( 4.9 ha ) zoo located within Kamper Park in Hattiesburg , Mississippi , USA .
Dehliyan ( Persian : دهليان‎ , also Romanized as Dehlīyān ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Goffertpark is a public park in Nijmegen , The Netherlands .
Kintla Lake is a lake in the northwestern portion of Glacier National Park in Montana .
Gachi District ( Persian : بخش گچی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Malekshahi County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Chino Hills are a mountain range on the border of Orange , Los Angeles , and San Bernardino counties , California , with a small portion in Riverside County .
Zbiersk - Kolonia ( ˈzbjɛrsk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Llanfaes ( formerly also known as Llanmaes ) is a small village on the island of Anglesey , Wales , located on the shore of the eastern entrance to the Menai Strait , the tidal waterway separating Anglesey from the north Wales coast .
Trpísty ( German Trpist ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Ogontz Hall is a historic combined residential and commercial building complex located in the West Oak Lane neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Juzurak ( Persian : جوزورك‎ , also Romanized as Jūzūrak ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Erpužice ( German : Welperschitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Nakhl - e Yusef ( Persian : نخل يوسف‎ , also Romanized as Nakhl - e Yūsef ; also known as Nakhl - e Moḩammad Yūsef ) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bagh Miran ( Persian : باغ ميران‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Mīrān and Bāgh - e Mīrān ) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Verkhovyna Raion ( Ukrainian : Верховинський район ) is a raion ( district ) of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( region ) .
South Milford Historic District , or Victorian South Milford Historic District , is a national historic district located at Milford , Sussex County , Delaware .
Czerśl ( t͡ʂɛrɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Qaziyan ( Persian : قاضيان‎ , also Romanized as Qāzīyān , Qāzeyān , and Qāzīān ; also known as Ghāzeyān , Ghāzīān , and Kazian ) is a village in Saravan Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gardaneh - ye Kol Hasank ( Persian : گردنه كل حسنك‎ , also Romanized as Gardaneh - ye Kol Ḩasank ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fulmer Falls is the second waterfall located in the George W. Childs Recreation Site in Dingmans Ferry , Pike County , Pennsylvania , United States of America .
Yafforth is a village and civil parish in Hambleton , North Yorkshire , England about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) west of Northallerton .
Boven Digoel Regency is one of the regencies ( kabupaten ) in the southern part of Papua province of Indonesia .
Zaanstad ( ˈzaːnstɑt ) is a municipality in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland , situated northwest of Amsterdam .
Oracze ( ɔˈrat͡ʂɛ ) ( German : Oratzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bochotnica - Kolonia ( bɔxɔtˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nałęczów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Nyack Library is a free association library located in the village of Nyack in New York State .
Tallahatchie County Correctional Facility ( TCCF ) is a private prison for men , authorized by the Tallahatchie County Correctional Authority and operated by the Corrections Corporation of America on behalf of the Mississippi Department of Corrections .
Vamenan ( Persian : وامنان‎ , also Romanized as Vāmenān , Vāmnān , and Vamnān ) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District , Cheshmeh Saran District , Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Pernink ( German : Bärringen ) is a village in Karlovy Vary District in the Czech Republic .
Myszyniec - Koryta ( mɨˈʂɨɲet͡s kɔˈrɨta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Château Louis XIV is a château constructed between 2008 and 2011 in the commune of Louveciennes in the Yvelines department in the Île - de - France region .
Headquarter Veng is a village in the western part of Lamka Town in Zogam , Manipur , also known as Lamka West , is the area where various government offices are situated .
Ghilarza ( Sardinian : Ilàrtzi ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Oristano .
Niebórz ( ˈɲebuʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
WFHB 91.3 FM is a community radio FM station in Bloomington , Indiana , United States .
On December 27 , 2005 , the Burkhan Bakshin Altan Sume ( `` The Golden Abode of the Buddha Shakyamuni '' ) was opened in Elista , the capital of the Republic of Kalmykia , a federal subject of the Russian Federation .
Rolvenden Layne is a hamlet within the civil parish of Rolvenden in the Ashford District of Kent , England .
Hajiamir - e Bala ( Persian : حاجی‌امیر بالا‎ ) is a village in Heyran Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sokolite ( Bulgarian : Соколите ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
The Cape May National Wildlife Refuge is a protected area on the Cape May Peninsula in Cape May County , New Jersey .
Hestand Stadium is a 7,000-seat covered open - air stadium located in Pine Bluff , Arkansas .
River Roads Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Jennings , a suburb of St. Louis , Missouri , United States .
Occupy Oakland refers to a collaboration and series of demonstrations in Oakland , California that started in October 2011 .
Altus / Quartz Mountain Regional Airport ( IATA : AXS , ICAO : KAXS , FAA LID : AXS ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Altus , a city in Jackson County , Oklahoma , United States .
The Brooks River Historic Ranger Station is a log structure located at Brooks Camp in Katmai National Park and Preserve , located on the Alaska Peninsula of southwestern Alaska .
Agjeh ( Persian : اگجه‎ , also Romanized as Āgjeh ; also known as Akcheh , Āqcheh , Āqjeh , Augajeh , and Ūgjeh ) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
South Valley Regional Airport ( FAA LID : U42 ) is a public airport located in West Jordan , seven miles ( 11 km ) southwest of Salt Lake City , Utah .
The Parc del Laberint d'Horta ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈparɡ dəɫ ɫəβəˈɾin ˈdɔrtə ) , `` Labyrinth Park of Horta '' , sometimes named Jardins ( Gardens ) del Laberint d'Horta ) is an historical garden in the Horta - Guinardó district in Barcelona , and the oldest of its kind in the city .
The St. John 's Church at Creagerstown Historic District is a national historic district located at Creagerstown , Frederick County , Maryland The district encompasses four contributing buildings and one contributing site , namely :
The Rockland Almshouse is a historic almshouse at 198 Spring Street in Rockland , Massachusetts .
Dall Lake is a 24-mile - long ( 37 km ) lake in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Heungdeok - gu is a non - autonomous district in the City of Cheongju in North Chungcheong Province , South Korea .
Ostrowy - Cukrownia ( ɔsˈtrɔvɨ t͡suˈkrɔvɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Great Longstone with Little Longstone is one of two villages in the local government district of Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire , England .
York Mountains are located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Clocaenog is a village and community in Denbighshire , north - east Wales .
Sir John Rogerson 's Quay is a street and quay in Dublin on the south bank of the Liffey between City Quay in the west and Britain Quay .
Łebki Małe ( ˈwɛpki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kanigan ( Persian : كاني گان‎ , also Romanized as Kānīgān ) is a village in Birk Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Interstate 530 ( abbreviated I-530 ) in Arkansas is a spur route of the Interstate highway system , traveling 46.65 miles ( 75.08 km ) from Little Rock at the junction of Interstate 30 and Interstate 440 in the northwest , to Pine Bluff in the southeast .
Washington Place is a Greek Revival palace in the Hawaii Capital Historic District in Honolulu , Hawaiʻi .
Bushehr County ( Persian : شهرستان بوشهر‎ ) is a county in Bushehr Province in Iran .
Qaleh Chubi ( Persian : قلعه چوبي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Chūbī ) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 837 , in 199 families .
Tajoldinabad ( Persian : تاج الدين اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tājoldīnābād ; also known as Tāj ol Dīn and Tāchīnābād ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Buckley Island is an island on the Ohio River in Wood County , West Virginia between Marietta , Ohio and Williamstown , West Virginia .
The Brooklyn Democracy Academy is a transfer school for over - age / under - credited students in Brooklyn , New York .
Injanlu ( Persian : اينجانلو‎ , also Romanized as Īnjānlū ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Blacklion ( Irish : An Blaic ; formerly An Leargaidh ) is a border village in west County Cavan , Ireland .
The Springwater Corridor Trail is a bicycle and pedestrian rail trail in the Portland metropolitan area in Oregon , United States .
The Pink Bridge of Huntington , West Virginia is a concrete arch bridge spanning Four Pole Creek at 8th Street that was painted pink during late October to mid November 2006 to raise awareness of breast cancer .
Bruty ( Hungarian : Bart ) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Jemezqan ( Persian : جمزقان‎ , also Romanized as Jemezqān ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Nong Pa Khrang ( Thai : หนองป่าครั่ง `` Forest Marsh of Lac '' ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Mai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Yagh Bastlu ( Persian : ياغ بستلو‎ , also Romanized as Yāgh Bastlū ; also known as Bā``bastlū ) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 85 , in 17 families .
The Aurelian Walls ( Italian : Mura aureliane ) are a line of city walls built between 271 AD and 275 AD in Rome , Italy , during the reign of the Roman Emperors Aurelian and Probus .
Si Pakan ( Persian : سيپكان‎ , also Romanized as Sī Pakān ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bhinga is a town , nagar panchayat and district headquarters of Shravasti district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Lazy A Motel is a historic former motel located along Old U.S. Route 66 in Springfield , Illinois .
The Lion Rock Tunnel , the first major road tunnel in Hong Kong , is a twin - bored toll tunnel , connecting Sha Tin in the New Territories and New Kowloon near Kowloon Tong .
Crateús is a municipality of about 72,800 ( IBGE 2010 ) inhabitants in the northwest of the state of Ceará , in Northeastern Brazil .
Dulehar is an approximately 600- to 700-year - old village situated in the foothills of the Himalayas , more specifically , Sivalik Hills of Himachal Pradesh , India .
Thus , Heinzenhausen has become a small residential community with job opportunities in the area 's major centres ( Lauterecken , Wolfstein , Kaiserslautern ) .
Kobylnica - Kolonia ( kɔbɨlˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Old Fourth Ward , often abbreviated O4W , is a neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Givors became of a member of the Urban Community of Lyon in 2007 .
Clifton Down is an area of public open space in Bristol , England , north of the village of Clifton .
Luziânia is municipality in the state of Goiás , Brazil .
KJQS ( 1060 AM ) was a radio station licensed to Van Buren , Arkansas , USA , serving the Ft . Smith , Arkansas , area .
Beradust Rural District ( Persian : دهستان برادوست‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Poncione della Marcia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps , looverlooking Brione in the canton of Ticino .
Pannur ( Tamil : பன்னூர் ) is a village in Thiruvallur district , Tamil Nadu .
WWPT ( 90.3 FM , `` Wrecker Radio '' ) is a high school radio station licensed to serve Westport , Connecticut .
Varqestan ( Persian : ورقستان‎ , also Romanized as Varqestān ) is a village in Razan Rural District , in the Central District of Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Delhi Community Arena is a recreation centre located in Delhi , Ontario , Canada .
Orpington is a suburban town and electoral ward in the London Borough of Bromley in Greater London and lies at the south - eastern edge of London 's urban sprawl .
The McDonough County Courthouse is located in the McDonough County city of Macomb , in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Lieyu Township ( Chinese : 烈嶼鄉 ; pinyin : Lièyǔ Xiāng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Lia̍t - sū - hiong ) is a rural township in Kinmen County , Fujian Province , Republic of China .
The Regions Tower ( Regions Bank ) , formerly AmSouth Tower and before that the Commercial National Bank tower , is a high - rise in Shreveport , Louisiana in the USA .
Sverdlovsk Raion ( Ukrainian : Свердловський район ) is a raion ( district ) in Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
Château de la Fleunie is a château located south of the commune Condat - sur - Vézère in Dordogne , Aquitane , France .
Szymbory - Andrzejowięta ( ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ andʐɛjɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Muana is a village situated in Jind district in the state of Haryana , north India .
The Indiana Aviation Museum was an aviation museum located in Valparaiso , Indiana , at the Porter County Regional Airport .
Chahardeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چهارده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women & Babies is a 285-bed hospital located in Orlando , Florida , United States , and is a part of Orlando Health .
Narangba Valley State High School ( NVSHS ) is a co - educational , state secondary school in Narangba , Queensland .
Vesala ( Finnish ) , Ärvings ( Swedish ) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Wong Tai Sin District ( Chinese : 黃大仙區 ) is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong .
Shireh Jin ( Persian : شيره جين‎ , also Romanized as Shīreh Jīn ; also known as Shīrvānchīq , Shirvanjik , and Shirvan Jikh ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Grand Coulee is an ancient river bed in the U.S. state of Washington .
Plockton railway station is a railway station on the Kyle of Lochalsh Line , serving the village of Plockton in the Highlands , north - west Scotland .
Brae of Achnahaird ( Achadh na h - Àirde ) is a small settlement at the head of Achnahaird Bay in Achiltibuie , Ullapool in Ross - shire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Thrithala is a village in Pattambi taluk ( formerly Ottappalam taluk ) in Palakkad District of Kerala state , South India .
Alcalà de Xivert ( Spanish : Alcalá de Chivert ) is a town and municipality in the Baix Maestrat comarca , province of Castelló , Valencian Community , Spain .
The Uncasville School is a historic school building at 310 Norwich - New London Turnpike in the Uncasville section of Montville , Connecticut .
Haslemere ( /ˈheɪzəlmɪər/ ) is a town in the borough of Waverley in Surrey , England .
Kok Lak ( Khmer : កុកឡាក់ ) is a commune in Veun Sai District in northeast Cambodia .
The John C. Pace Library is the academic library of the University of West Florida and is the largest library in the Northwest Florida area .
The Museo etnologico delle Apuane ( Ethnological Museum ) is an anthropological and ethnographical museum of the Apuan Alps , located in Massa , Tuscany , Italy .
Kauhola Point Lighthouse was located near Kapa'au , on the ' Big Island ' of Hawaii , near the northernmost tip of the island .
Bonaduz ( Romansh : Panaduz ) is a municipality in the district of Imboden in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Maroubra Speedway , officially known as Olympia Motor Speedway was a motor racing venue in the Sydney suburb of Maroubra , New South Wales , Australia and was reported to have had a capacity of 70,000 .
KOOT ( 88.1 FM ) is a non - commercial educational radio station licensed to serve Hurley , New Mexico , USA .
Sorocaba ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( so̞ɾo̞ˈkabɐ ) ) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Bottomcraig is a village in Fife , Scotland located near Balmerino and The Gauldry .
Pihlajamäki ( Finnish ) , Rönnbacka ( Swedish ) is a northern - central quarter in Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
Sahaswan is a city and a municipal board in Budaun district in the Indian state of western Uttar Pradesh .
Fort Townsend State Park , formerly Old Fort Townsend State Park , is a 367-acre ( 149 ha ) Washington marine state park on Port Townsend Bay in Jefferson County , Washington .
Cheshmeh Mahdi ( Persian : چشمه مهدي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mahdī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Brinley Avenue Historic District is a historic district in downtown Yuma , Arizona , that runs along Madison Avenue ( formerly Brinley Avenue ) from 1st to 3rd Streets and along Second Street from Main Street to 1st Avenue .
The Moses H. Cone Memorial Hospital , also known as Moses Cone Hospital , is a 535 bed tertiary care facility located in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Scarborough Island is a small eyot ( river island ) in the Dungeness River , in Sequim , Washington .
The Deep Fork River ( Deep Fork of the North Canadian ) is an Oklahoma tributary of the North Canadian River .
The Kvænangsbotn Hydroelectric Power Station ( Norwegian : Kvænangsbotn kraftverk ) is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county , Norway .
Santa Cruz da Graciosa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈkɾuʒ ðɐ ɣɾɐsiˈɔzɐ ) ) is a Portuguese municipality on the island of Graciosa , in the archipelago of the Azores .
Searcy Municipal Airport ( IATA : SRC , ICAO : KSRC , FAA LID : SRC ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 4 mi , 6 km ) south of the central business district of Searcy , in White County , Arkansas , United States .
Barnes Point is an ancient landslide delta that juts out into Lake Crescent in Clallam County , Washington .
Eldorado dos Carajás is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil , known for the massacre that occurred there , in 1996 , when 19 landless peasants were killed by police troops .
Faizullapur is a village in the amloh tehsil in the fatehgarh district of Punjab , India .
The Tome School is a private school in North East in Cecil County in the U.S. state of Maryland .
Auchnacree is an estate in Angus , Scotland , five miles north of Forfar .
The Casino de Charlevoix is located in Pointe - au - Pic , now part of La Malbaie , about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) east of Quebec City .
The Sheung Shui Slaughterhouse ( chi . 上水屠房 ) is a slaughterhouse situated in the outer area of Sheung Shui , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Shuangyashan ( Chinese : 双鸭山 ; pinyin : Shuāngyāshān ) is a coal mining prefecture - level city located in the eastern part Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Russia 's Khabarovsk and Primorsky krais to the east .
3 Hardman Street is a 16-storey high - rise building in Spinningfields , Manchester .
Anglet ( French : ( ɑ̃ɡlet ) ; Occitan : ( aŋˈɡlet ) , Basque : Angelu ( aŋɡelu ) ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France .
Lab Kadreh ( Persian : لب كدره‎ ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chin Parch ( Persian : چين پارچ‎ , also Romanized as Chīn Pārch ; also known as Chīnī Pārch ) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lednogóra ( lɛdnɔˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Frenchville Railroad Station and Water Tank are a historic railroad museum property in Frenchville , Maine .
La Palmilla ( pronounced : ( la palˈmiʝa ) ) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu , Cardenal Caro Province .
Saltabarranca is a municipality located in the south zone of the State of Veracruz , Mexico , about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) from state capital Xalapa .
The Royal Oak Hotel is a pub in the suburb of Balmain in the Inner West of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Salland is a historical dominion in the west and north of the present Dutch province of Overijssel .
The James Cohan Gallery is an art gallery in Manhattan , New York , in the United States .
Kalleh Sur - e Shabliz ( Persian : كهله شورشبليز‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh Sūr - e Shablīz ; also known as Kalleh Sūr ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Watershops Pond ( or Lake Massasoit ) is a lake in the city of Springfield , Massachusetts .
The Trenton Psychiatric Hospital is a state run mental hospital located in Trenton and Ewing , New Jersey .
Gombakan ( Persian : گمبكان‎ , also Romanized as Gombakān , Gombekān , and Gambakān ; also known as Golmakān , and Komyān ) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District , in the Central District of Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Krasnogliny ( krasnɔˈɡlinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Franquemont is an ancient lordship on the banks of the river Doubs dominated by the castle of Franquemont .
Moricetown is a Wet'suwet'en village in Central British Columbia , Canada on the west side of the Bulkley River on Coryatsaqua ( Moricetown ) Indian Reserve No . 2 , and on Moricetown Indian Reserve No.1 .
Savage Gardens is a minor street in the City of London , connecting Crutched Friars in the north to Trinity Square in the south , crossing Pepys Street .
Rozkochowo ( rɔskɔˈxɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Marshwood is a village and civil parish in west Dorset , England , situated on the northern edge of the Marshwood Vale approximately 5.5 miles ( 8.9 km ) northeast of Lyme Regis .
Sardar Khan 's Roza or Nawab Sardar Khan 's Mosque and Tomb , is a mosque and tomb complex in Jamalpur area of Ahmedabad , India .
Reformed Dutch Church of Rensselaer in Watervliet ( also known as Component No . 19 ) is a historic Reformed Dutch church at 210 Old Loudon Road in the hamlet of Latham , town of Colonie , Albany County , New York .
Hampi veerupaksha temple on the bank of Malaprabha holi ( holi kannada word for river)So Hampiholi . Village is in Belgaum district just 14 km away from Ramdurga taluk in the southern state of Karnataka , India . There is a famous lord Dattatreya temple privately owned by Inamdar family .
Leawood Gardens is a small suburb of Adelaide , South Australia in both the City of Mitcham and the City of Burnside located in the foothills of the Adelaide Hills .
Haft Kadeh ( Persian : هفتكده‎ ) is a village in Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District , Zarrinabad District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Nałęcza ( naˈwɛnt͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin , within Chodzież County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Aberuthven ( /ˌæbəˈrɪvən/ ; Gaelic : Obar Ruadhainn ) is a small village in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Körösnagyharsány ( Körös - Nagy - Harsány ) is a village in Békés County , in the Southern Great Plain region of south - east Hungary .
South Pointe Tower is a highly affluent residential enclave tower in Miami Beach , Florida South Beach .
Zamoście - Kolonia ( zaˈmɔɕt͡ɕe kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Wielkie , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Inglesham is a small village and civil parish in the borough of Swindon , Wiltshire , England .
Eloxochitlán de Flores Magón , formerly known as San Antonio Eloxochitlán , is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca .
The Jensen - Salsbery Laboratories building in Kansas City , Missouri is a building from 1918 .
Tłokowisko ( twɔkɔˈviskɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Masłomęcz ( maˈswɔmɛnt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Marvel Loch Gold Mine is a gold mine located at Marvel Loch , 30 km south of Southern Cross , Western Australia .
Heath Hayes and Wimblebury is a civil parish in the Cannock Chase District of Staffordshire , England .
Southside Beach is a clothes - optional beach located near Torquay , in Victoria , Australia .
Potaro - Siparuni ( Region 8) is a region in Guyana , bordering the region of Cuyuni - Mazaruni to the north , the regions of Upper Demerara - Berbice and East Berbice - Corentyne to the east , the region of Upper Takutu - Upper Essequibo to the south and Brazil to the west .
The New Milford Plant of the Hackensack Water Company was a water filtration and pumping plant located on Van Buskirk Island , an artificially created island in the Hackensack River , in Oradell , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Pagham is a semi - rural , semi - urban coastal village and civil parish in the Arun district of West Sussex , England , with a population of around 6,100 .
Mill Creek Ravine is located in south Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Little Sarsfield Lake is a small lake located in Bompas Township in the Timiskaming District of northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Colomars ( Nissart : Couloumas ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes département in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Mała Piaśnica ( ˈmawa pjaɕˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The North Wall , also known as the Canadian Vietnam Veterans ' Memorial , is a war memorial located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Sukmanie ( sukˈmaɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Franklin 's Gardens is a purpose - built rugby stadium in Northampton , England .
Kachuiyeh ( Persian : كچوييه‎ , also Romanized as Kachū’īyeh and Kachūyeh ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Bagh - e Bahadoran District , Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Crossgates Commons is a large shopping plaza in Albany , New York .
Rednaxela Terrace ( Chinese : 列拿士地臺 ) is a pedestrian - only street in Mid - levels , Hong Kong .
Jambughoda is a city and a Tehsil in Panchmahal district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Bankplassen ( ' The Bank Square ' ) is a square in the neighborhood Kvadraturen in Oslo , bounded by Kongens gate , Myntgata and Kirkegata .
Kani Bid ( Persian : كاني بيد‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Bīd ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Stawamus Chief , officially Stawamus Chief Mountain ( often referred to as simply The Chief , or erroneously as the Squamish Chief ) , is a granite dome located adjacent to the town of Squamish , British Columbia .
Kamar Kandi ( Persian : كمركندي‎ , also Romanized as Kamar Kandī ) is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Zaborani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Заборани ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gebze ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈɟebze ) , ancient names : Dakibyza and Libyssa , Λίβυσσα in Ancient greek ) is a district in Kocaeli Province , Turkey .
The North Carolina Zoological Park is located in Asheboro in Randolph County , North Carolina in the Uwharrie Mountains near the geographic center of the state , approximately 75 miles ( 121 km ) west of Raleigh , NC , United States .
Ditmars Boulevard ( originally Ditmars Avenue ) is a street located in the northwest corner of Queens , New York .
Tell El Ghassil is an archaeological site 11 km north northeast of Rayak in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
The New York Times Building is a skyscraper on the west side of midtown Manhattan , New York City that was completed in 2007 .
Miri - ye Khani - ye Yek ( Persian : ميريخاني1‎ , also Romanized as Mīrī - ye Khānī - ye Yek ; also known as Mīrī - ye Khānī ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Parc Michel - Chartrand , formerly known as the Parc régional de Longueuil , is a large park located in Longueuil , Quebec , Canada .
Pioneer Memorial Hospital Heliport ( FAA LID : 2OR2 ) is a private heliport located one mile southwest of Prineville in Crook County , Oregon , United States .
Niedersonthofener See is a lake in Oberallgäu , Bavaria , Germany .
The San Augustin Mountains are a small mountain subrange at the southern terminus of the San Andres Mountains east of Las Cruces , New Mexico .
Rose Mont is a Greek Revival style house built in Gallatin , Sumner County , Tennessee , United States .
Hauser Dam ( also known as Hauser Lake Dam ) is a hydroelectric straight gravity dam on the Missouri River about 14 miles ( 23 km ) northeast of Helena , Montana , in the United States .
The Ramapo Indian Hills Regional High School District is a comprehensive regional public ublic ) ) school district consisting of two four - year public high schools serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from the suburban communities of Franklin Lakes , Oakland , and Wyckoff , three suburban communities in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Emporia State University , often referred to as Emporia State or ESU , is a public university in Emporia , Kansas , United States , east of the Flint Hills .
Chiddingly ( /ˈtʃɪdɪŋlaɪ/ CHID - ing - lye ) is a village and civil parish in the Wealden District of the administrative county of East Sussex , within historic Sussex , some five miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Hailsham .
Hemlock Bluffs Nature Preserve is a joint project between the North Carolina state park system and the Town of Cary in Wake County , North Carolina in the United States .
The First Unitarian Society in Newton occupies a prominent location at 1326 Washington Street in the heart of the village of West Newton in Newton , Massachusetts .
Duddingston Kirk is a Parish Church in the Church of Scotland , located adjacent to Holyrood Park in Duddingston Village , on the east side of the City of Edinburgh .
Soveleh ( Persian : صوله‎ ; also known as Soveleh Beh , Soveyn , and Sowien ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Liberty Bell Museum ( also the Liberty Bell Shrine Museum ) is a non - profit organization and museum located in Zion 's United Church of Christ ( formerly Zion 's Reformed Church ) in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Kakarbhitta ( often written and pronounced Kankadbhitta or Kakarvitta ) is a neighbourhood in Mechinagar Municipality in Jhapa District of Mechi Zone , southeastern Nepal .
The Rexburg Stake Tabernacle , also known as the Fremont Stake Tabernacle is a building located in Rexburg , Idaho that formerly served as tabernacle for large gatherings of members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
Mairang is a town and a town area committee in West Khasi Hills district in the Indian state of Meghalaya . It is located at about 40 km from the state capital Shillong , and 45 km(approx . ) from the district headquarters , Nongstoin along National Highway 44E ( Shillong - Nongstoin - Tura ) .
Mardanchal ( Persian : مردانچال‎ , also Romanized as Mardānchāl ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Josiah Smith Tennent House is a National Register property located at 727 East Bay St. at the intersection of Drake Street in Charleston , South Carolina .
Dziadoszyce ( d͡ʑadɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Döringau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Norman High School is a four - year public high school in Norman , Oklahoma with a steady enrollment of 1,945 students .
The Estadio La Granja is a sports venue which is located in Curicó , Maule Region , Chile .
Pareh - ye Sofla ( Persian : پاره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pāreh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rynowo - Kolonia ( rɨˈnɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲja ) ( German : Rienow ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Darbid - e Mansuri ( Persian : داربيدمنصوري‎ , also Romanized as Dārbīd - e Manşūrī ; also known as Dārbīd ) is a village in Mansuri Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Friends Select School ( FSS ) is a college - preparatory , Quaker school for pre - kindergarten through 12th grade located at 1651 Benjamin Franklin Parkway at the intersection of Cherry and N. 17th Streets in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
WGAM ( 1250 AM ) and WGHM ( 900 AM ) are simulcasting radio stations broadcasting a sports talk format named ESPN New Hampshire in Fall of 2012 .
Słupia Wielka ( ˈswupja ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Haughton impact crater is located on Devon Island , Nunavut in far northern Canada .
Goat Rocks is an extinct stratovolcano in the Cascade Range , located between Mount Rainier and Mount Adams in southern Washington , in the United States .
Venray ( old Dutch spelling : Venraij ) ( pronunciation ) ( Limburgish : Venroj ) is a municipality and a town in Limburg , the Netherlands .
Wierzeja ( vjɛˈʐɛja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Attinghausen Castle is a ruined medieval castle in the municipality of Attinghausen in the canton of Uri in Switzerland .
Chatfield Reservoir and dam on the South Platte River south of Littleton , Colorado were built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as a response to the disastrous flood of 1965 .
Coldvreath is a hamlet south - southwest of Roche in Cornwall , England .
The Detroit City Hall was the seat of government for the city of Detroit , Michigan from 1871 - -1961 .
WJRH ( 104.9 FM ) is a college radio station licensed to Lafayette College in Easton , Pennsylvania , in the Lehigh Valley region of the United States .
Spodnji Kocjan ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnji ˈkoːtsjan ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia .
Abduli Zalyab ( Persian : عبدولي ذالياب‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbdūlī Zālyāb ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Chancheng District is a district under the administration of Foshan city , in Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China .
Ilud ( Persian : ايلود‎‎ , also Romanized as Īlūd ) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bold Park Reservoir ( also known as Mount Kenneth Reservoir ) is a roofed reservoir in Bold Park in the suburb of City Beach , in Perth , Western Australia .
Richwoods High School is the most northern of the three regular public high schools in Peoria , Illinois , United States .
Ruijin ( Chinese : 瑞金 ; pinyin : Ruìjīn ) is a county - level city of Ganzhou in the mountains bordering Fujian Province in south - eastern Jiangxi .
Seventeenth Church of Christ , Scientist , built in 1968 , is an award - winning Modern style Christian Science church building located in The Loop at 55 East Wacker Drive , ( at Wabash Avenue ) in Chicago , Illinois in the United States .
Maihar is a city and municipality in Satna district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Niesułów ( ɲeˈsuwuf ) ( German : Neues Vorwerk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Sarband - e Parangi ( Persian : سربندپرانگي‎ , also Romanized as Sarband - e Parāngī ) is a village in Jakdan Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kheyrak ( Persian : خيرك‎ ) is a village in Eram Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Circular Quay is a harbour in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia on the northern edge of the Sydney central business district on Sydney Cove , between Bennelong Point and The Rocks .
Saranbar - e Kalantari ( Persian : سرانباركلانتري‎ , also Romanized as Saranbār - e Kalantarī ; also known as Sar Anbār ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Central East Correctional Centre ( as known colloquially as the Lindsay Superjail , or simply Lindsay ) is a medium / maximum security prison located in Lindsay , Ontario .
The Raleigh Convention Center is a convention and exhibition facility in downtown Raleigh , North Carolina that opened in September 2008 .
North Bullitt High School is a school located in Hebron Estates , Kentucky , a small city served by the post office of nearby Shepherdsville .
Caroline Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery and national historic district at the junction of Dyke and Bates Roads in Setauket , Suffolk County , New York .
Qurchi Bashi ( Persian : قورچي باشي‎ , also Romanized as Qūrchī Bāshī ; also known as Khurchbāshi ; also known simply as Qūrchī ) is a city in and capital of Kamareh District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Fenyang city ( Chinese : 汾阳市 ; Pinyin : Fényáng Shì ) , formerly as Fenyang County ( 汾阳县 ) before 1996 , is a county - level city under the administration of Lüliang prefecture - level city , in Shanxi Province , China .
San Joaquin General Hospital is a 196-bed public teaching hospital located within the San Joaquin County area of French Camp , California , United States .
The Oppidum de Nages or Oppidum des Castels is on a hilltop overlooking the valley called the Vaunage , above the village of Nages - et - Solorgues , in Gard , between Nîmes et Sommières , in Languedoc - Rousillon , France .
Cole Harbour District High School is a Canadian public school in the Cole Harbour area just east of Dartmouth , Nova Scotia .
Sphinx Glacier is in the Wind River Range , Bridger - Teton National Forest , in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Kinrossie is a linear village in the Perth and Kinross area of Scotland .
Daf Sar ( Persian : دافسار‎ , also Romanized as Dāf Sār ; also known as Davsar ) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Located in the Davis Mountains in West Texas , the Otto Struve Telescope was designed by Warner & Swasey Company and constructed between 1933 and 1939 by the Paterson - Leitch Company .
Tudar - e Ruteh ( Persian : تودارروته‎ , also Romanized as Tūdār - e Rūteh ; also known as Tūdār - e Rūneh , Tū’ī Dartān , Tūtdār - e Rūteh , and Tu yi Dar Ruten ) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The prominent 14,271-foot ( 4350 m ) fourteener is located in the Mount Evans Wilderness , 13.4 miles ( 21.6 km ) southwest by south ( bearing 214 ° ) of the City of Idaho Springs in Clear Creek County , Colorado , United States , on the drainage divide between Arapaho National Forest and Pike National Forest .
The Arizona Rancho , also known as the Higgins House , Brunswick Hotel and Arizona Hotel , is a former hotel in Holbrook , Arizona .
Galesh Gacheh ( Persian : گالش گاچه‎ , also Romanized as Gālesh Gācheh ) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Olema Valley is a gorge formed by the San Andreas Fault in rural west Marin County , Northern California .
Mansfield State Historic Site is a Louisiana state historic site which preserves the site of the 1864 Battle of Mansfield in the American Civil War .
The Barley Barber Swamp , once a vast Bald Cypress forest and waterway in the Greater Everglades watershed , is a 450-acre ( 180 ha ) parcel of land surrounded by Florida Power & Light 's ( FPL ) Martin County power plant .
Volo Bog State Natural Area is a nature reserve in Illinois , United States , preserving Volo Bog .
Viljakkala was consolidated with Ylöjärvi on January 1 , 2007 .
Whitney Pier is a Canadian urban neighbourhood in Nova Scotia 's Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
Ekwari is a village in Sahar Block in the Bhojpur district and belongs to Patna division in the Indian state of Bihar .
Weidenau is a suburban part ( Stadtteil ) of the city Siegen in Germany .
La Villita Historic Arts Village is an art community in downtown San Antonio , Texas , United States .
The Izmir Ethnography Museum ( Turkish : İzmir Etnografya Müzesi ) is an ethnography museum in Izmir , Turkey , containing a number of pieces of clothing and pottery from the Seljuk period of Turkish history onwards .
The 6,555-foot ( 1,998 m ) mesa summit is located in North Table Mountain Park , 3.4 miles ( 5.5 km ) north by east ( bearing 9 ° ) of downtown Golden , Colorado , United States , in Jefferson County .
Knockcroghery ( Irish : Cnoc an Chrocaire ) is a village in County Roscommon , Ireland .
Leigh - on - Sea ( pronounced /ˌliːɒnˈsiː/ ) , also referred to as Leigh , is a civil parish , in Essex , England .
Guri Gur ( Persian : گوريگور‎ , also Romanized as Gūrī Gūr and Gūrīgūr ) is a village in Makvan Rural District , Bayangan District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Winton Place Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church building in the Winton Place neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States that was constructed as the home of a congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the late nineteenth century .
WKND is a radio station , that operates on 1480 kHz , licensed to the city of Windsor , Connecticut .
666 Fifth Avenue is a 41-story office building on Fifth Avenue between 52nd and 53rd Streets in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
Qasr - e Falanj ( Persian : قصرفلنج‎ , also Romanized as Qaşr - e Falanj ; also known as Kūshk - e Palang ) is a village in Rayen Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Karudan ( Persian : كرودان‎ , also Romanized as Karūdān ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The population today is much diminished with the whole of the Durness area suffering greatly from the Highland Clearances , the first in 1819 and thereafter throughout the greater part of the 19th century until the Crofting Act of the 1886 finally gave crofters a measure of security of tenure .
Fred Gannon Rocky Bayou State Park is a Florida State Park located on the northwestern coast of the U.S. state of Florida , southeast of Niceville .
Neoneli ( Sardinian : Neunele ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Oristano .
Cięcina ( t͡ɕenˈt͡ɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgierska Górka , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
SuccessTech Academy is an alternative public high school in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Chereninup Creek Reserve is an 8.77 square kilometres ( 3 sq mi ) nature reserve in south - west Western Australia .
The Catskill Mountains , also known as the Catskills , are a large area in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of New York .
Shahvarpalur ( Persian : شهوارپالور‎ , also Romanized as Shahvārpālūr ; also known as Shahvār ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jagi - ye Sarhadi ( Persian : جگي سرحدئ‎ , also Romanized as Jagī - ye Sarḥadi ; also known as Jagī ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Laxmikhar ( Marathi : ळक्ष्मिखर ) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge is located 60 mi ( 97 km ) northeast of New Orleans , Louisiana , U.S. , and encompasses 36,000 acres ( 150 km2 ) of Pearl River Basin swampland .
Bridgemere is a village ( at SJ717454 ) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Overstrand is a village ( population 1,030 ) on the north coast of Norfolk in England , two miles east of Cromer .
Dyserth ( Welsh : Diserth ) is a village and electoral ward in Denbighshire , Wales .
South China Sports Complex ( also known as SCAA Sports Complex , Chinese : 南華體育會體育中心 ) is a multi - use stadium in Hong Kong .
The Woodlawn Historic and Archeological District encompasses a historic plantation near the Rappahannock River in southern King George County , Virginia .
Walden Elementary School educates children from kindergarten through fifth grade in the village of the same name , and adjacent areas of the surrounding Town of Montgomery , in Orange County , New York , United States .
Kani Seyyed ( Persian : كاني سيد‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Seyyed ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kukułczyn ( kuˈkuu̯t͡ʂɨn ) ( formerly German Neuwelt ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Proszków ( ˈprɔʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Frensham is a village in Surrey , England , next to the A287 road , 13 miles ( 20.9 km ) WSW of Guildford , the county town .
Kiryat Ono ( Hebrew : קִרְיַת אוֹנוֹ , Arabic : كريات أونو‎ ) is a city in the Tel Aviv District of Israel .
KWAX ( 91.1 FM ) is a non - commercial classical music radio station in Eugene , Oregon , broadcasting to the Eugene - Springfield , Oregon area .
Poor Mountain Natural Area Preserve is a 925-acre ( 374 ha ) Natural Area Preserve located on Poor Mountain in Roanoke County , Virginia .
Williamson Square is in the city centre of Liverpool , England .
Moseley is a suburb of south Birmingham , England , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the city centre .
Camp Tosebo , on the south shore of Portage Lake in Onekama Township , Michigan , was established in 1912 by Noble Hill , the headmaster of the Todd Seminary for Boys in Woodstock , Illinois , as one of the first summer camps in the United States .
The Murray Downtown Historic District is located in the historic city center of Murray , Salt Lake County , Utah .
Ardoyne ( from Irish Ard Eoin , meaning `` Eoin 's height '' ) is a working class and mainly Catholic and Irish nationalist district in north Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Boën - sur - Lignon , formerly Boën , is a commune in the Loire department in central France .
Dast Bezanu ( Persian : دستبزانو‎ , also Romanized as Dast Bezānū ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Schlect House is a Shingle Style house at 5804 West Race Avenue in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Fox Chase Farm is one of two working farms in the city of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( W.B. Saul High School 's Farm in Roxborough is the other ) .
Horseshoe Council Bluffs is a hotel and racino located in Council Bluffs , Iowa near Omaha , Nebraska .
Stone Child College is an accredited tribal college of the Chippewa - Cree Tribe located in Box Elder , Montana .
Robat - e Khan ( Persian : رباطخان‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ - e Khān and Robāt Khān ; also known as Ribāt - i - Khān ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ramarajulanka is a village located in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh , India with a Ramalayam in Center of the village and a goddess Muthyalamma is located here and nearby to Chinchinada a very well constructed bridge connecting West & East Godavari districts .
Licensed in Bolivar , Tennessee , USA , the station is currently owned by WMOD , Inc. and features programming from Westwood One .
The Gateway Geyser is a fountain located on the riverfront of the Mississippi River in the Malcolm W. Martin Memorial Park in East St. Louis , Illinois , directly across from the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , Missouri .
The International Temple , Supreme Assembly , Order of the Rainbow for Girls is a building in McAlester , Oklahoma , United States that serves as the headquarters for the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls .
Albeni Falls Dam is located on the Pend Oreille River between Oldtown , Idaho , and Priest River , Idaho .
Sisovatnet ( Lule Sami : Sijdasjávrre ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county , Norway .
Carrollton Manor was a 17,000 acre ( 69 km² ) tract of land in Frederick County , Maryland which extended from the Potomac River on the south , Catoctin Mountain to the west , the Monocacy River to the east , and Ballenger Creek to the north .
Allentown Queen City Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KXLL , FAA LID : XLL ) is a public airport in Lehigh County , Pennsylvania , on Lehigh Street two miles southwest of Allentown , Pennsylvania .
Chub Kani ( Persian : چوبكني‎ , also Romanized as Chūb Kanī ; also known as Cheh Kanīm ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Madaje Stare ( maˈdajɛ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
WNOO ( 1260 AM , `` Glory 1260 '' ) is a gospel radio station serving the Chattanooga , Tennessee , USA radio market and licensed to Chattanooga .
Chamarua is a village near Hathras and Sadabad , in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Allstadt House and Ordinary was built about 1790 on land owned by the Lee family near Harpers Ferry , West Virginia , including Phillip Ludwell Lee , Richard Bland Lee and Henry Lee III . The house at the crossroads was sold to the Jacob Allstadt family of Berks County , Pennsylvania in 1811 .
Kalbarri National Park is located 485 km ( 301 mi ) north of Perth , in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
Hanging Rocks are perpendicular cliffs rising nearly 300 feet ( 91 m ) above the South Branch Potomac River in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Hołudza ( xɔˈwud͡za ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The John P. Robarts Research Library , commonly referred to as Robarts Library , is the main humanities and social sciences library of the University of Toronto Libraries and the largest individual library in the university .
The Bryand Brand House is a historic plantation house on the east side of Alabama State Route 14 near Marion , Perry County , Alabama .
The Luleå archipelago lies in the Luleå Municipality , part of the Norrbotten county .
Winnie Davis Hall , built in 1904 , is an historic redbrick college building on the campus of Limestone College in Gaffney , South Carolina .
Hajji Kalateh ( Persian : حاجي كلاته‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kalāteh ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Karti ( Persian : كرتي‎ , also Romanized as Kartī , Keretī , and Kerti ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Varsselder is a Dutch village with nearly 700 inhabitants , situated in the Gelderlandish Achterhoek , in the municipality Oude IJsselstreek .
Wiswell is a small village and civil parish in the Ribble Valley , within the county of Lancashire , England .
Wojny - Szuby Szlacheckie ( ˈvɔi̯nɨ ˈʂubɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chicago Ridge Mall , formerly Westfield Chicago Ridge from 2004 - 2012 , is a shopping mall in Chicago Ridge , Illinois .
Estadio Ministro Brin y Senguel was a football stadium in La Boca district of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Smykówko ( smɨˈkufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Schmückwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Palazzo Grazioli is a building situated at Via del Plebiscito 102 between the Palazzo Doria Pamphili and Palazzo Altieri in Rome , Italy , in an area rich in archaeological remains of ancient Rome , the result of numerous modifications and restoration work carried out by several noble Roman families who lived there over the centuries .
WKAR - FM is a public radio station in East Lansing , Michigan ; broadcasting on the FM dial at 90.5 MHz . It is owned by Michigan State University , and is sister station to the AM radio and television stations with the same call letters .
Ridgewood Bus Terminal is a New Jersey Transit transportation hub located in downtown Ridgewood , New Jersey , United States .
The El Jobean Hotel ( also known as the Grand Hotel - El Jobean Fishing Lodge ) is a historic hotel in El Jobean , Florida , United States .
Castelnovo del Friuli ( Friulian : Cjastelgnûf ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Pordenone .
Qezel Hajjilu ( Persian : قزل حاجيلو‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Ḩājjīlū ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kristelig Gymnasium ( KG ) , founded in 1913 , is a selective , private Christian college preparatory school located in Oslo , Norway .
Bourtzwiller ( French pronunciation : ​(buʁsvilɛʁ ) ; German : Burzweiler ; Alsatian : Burtzwiller ) is the most populated quarter of Mulhouse , in the Haut - Rhin département , Alsace , France .
Kilpauk is a semi residential area located in Chennai , the capital city of the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Van Buren Trail State Park , also known as Trail State Park , is an unimproved rail trail running along a former railroad right - of - way between Hartford , Michigan to just south of South Haven , Michigan in Van Buren County .
The Capital to Coast Trail is a 55-mile ( 89 km ) cross - state multi - use trail network that is designed to span the state of New Jersey ( west to east ) from the Delaware River in Trenton to the beach front town of Manasquan on the Atlantic Ocean .
Mewata Stadium , was a multi - purpose stadium in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
The Torrey Log Church - Schoolhouse was built in Torrey , Utah in 1898 as a LDS meetinghouse and schoolhouse .
Laramie Regional Airport ( IATA : LAR , ICAO : KLAR , FAA LID : LAR ) is three miles west of Laramie , in Albany County , Wyoming .
Zirna ( Persian : زيرنا‎ , also Romanized as Zīrnā ; also known as Zīrānā and Zīr Annā ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rameswaram , ( also spelt as Ramesvaram , Rameshwaram or Ramisseram ) is a town and a second grade municipality in the Ramanathapuram district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Alsfeld ( German pronunciation : ( ˈalsfɛlt ) ) is a town in the center of Hesse , in Germany .
Żarnowica Duża ( ʐarnɔˈvit͡sa ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Różaniec - Szkoła ( ruˈʐaɲet͡s ˈʂkɔwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnogród , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Anthony Wayne Cook Mansion is a historic home located at Cooksburg in Barnett Township , Forest County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The John Brown Museum , also known as the John Brown State Historic Site and John Brown Cabin , is located in Osawatomie , Kansas .
Woodham Walter is a village about three miles west of Maldon in the English county of Essex .
Marianów - Kolonia ( maˈrjanuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wypichowo ( vɨpiˈxɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hickory Motor Speedway is a short track located in Hickory , North Carolina .
Occupy Portland was a collaboration that began on October 6 , 2011 in downtown Portland , Oregon as a protest and demonstration .
Benaravan ( Persian : بناروان‎ , also Romanized as Benāravān ; also known as Banāowrān ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Brampton with Stoven is a civil parish in the Waveney district of Suffolk , England located south of the town of Beccles .
The Kossau is a stream in the district of Plön in eastern Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Jean - Pellez Stadium is an indoor stadium of athletics of 6 462 m2 located in the greater Clermont - Ferrand in the commune of Aubière .
The Bush Theatre is based in Shepherd 's Bush , in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
Wieś Kochanka ( ˈvjɛɕ kɔˈxaŋka)is the part of Dziecinów village , Gmina Sobienie - Jeziory .
Chocianowiec ( xɔt͡ɕaˈnɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Groß Kotzenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Slato ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слато ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Fort Center is an archaeological site in Glades County , Florida , a few miles northwest of Lake Okeechobee .
Moor House is a large office building in the City of London .
Westgate Entertainment District , formerly known as `` Westgate City Center '' is the name of a mixed - use development located in Glendale , Arizona .
Přešťovice ( German Prestowitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Wandalinek ( vandaˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in northeastern Poland .
The village of Pleshey lies in Essex , England , just to the northwest of Chelmsford .
The George Clayson House , located at 224 East Palatine Road in Palatine , Illinois , is a Second Empire home built in 1873 that has been restored to its 1890 - 1900 appearance .
The Union League Club is a private social club in New York City .
Gwynn 's Island is an island located in the Chesapeake Bay on Virginia 's Middle Peninsula .
The Art Students League of New York is an art school located on West 57th Street in Manhattan , New York City , New York .
Amirabad , Zahedan ( Persian : امیرآباد‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Garsak - e Bala ( Persian : گرسك بالا‎ , also Romanized as Garsak - e Bālā ; also known as Garsag ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wollerton is a small village within the civil parish of Hodnet in Shropshire , England .
Lewis Smith Lake is a reservoir in north Alabama .
Vashon Municipal Airport is a municipal airport on Vashon Island in King County , Washington , United States .
The Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway is a linear urban park located in several downtown neighborhoods of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Thomas N. Wheeler Farm is located on Indian Lake Road ( Dutchess County Route 61 ) in the Town of North East , New York , United States , south of the village of Millerton .
Kavunji ( Mannavanur Panchayat ) ( Tamil : கவுஞ்சி ) is a Panchayat village of terrace farmers at the far western end of the Western Ghats in Kodaikanal block of Dindigul district , Tamil Nadu state , South India , Pincode 624103 .
The Fairweather - Trevitt House is a Late Victorian 2-story house located in Republic , Washington .
Paul - Lincke - Ufer is a street in Berlin running along the Landwehr Canal Canal in the Kreuzberg quarter of the city .
Hawul is a Local Government Area of Borno State , Nigeria .
Bhanwar Tonk ( भनवार टंक ) is a forest hamlet nestled in the of Achanakmar Amarkantak biosphere reserve area amongst the scenic Maikal Range , in Bilaspur district of Chhattisgarh , India .
Man Darreh Algan ( Persian : من دره الگن‎ ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
WKYO ( 1360 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Caro , Michigan broadcasting a full - service oldies format .
The Byzantine Catholic Seminary of SS . Cyril and Methodius is a degree - granting school of theology in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States which prepares candidates for priestly ministry to the Byzantine Catholic churches of North America .
Veresht ( Persian : ورشت‎ ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Exum Ridge is the name of a prominent rock buttress on the Grand Teton , the high point of the Teton Range in Wyoming .
Bryn Mawr Glacier is a 4.5-mile - long ( 7.2 km ) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Kuwakonda is a tehsil and the development block headquarters of Dantewada district , Bastar Division , of Chhattisgarh .
Florkowizna ( flɔrkɔˈvizna ) ( German : Florkau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mian Bura ( Persian : ميان بورا‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Būrā ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chahar Meleh ( Persian : چهارمله‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Meleh ) is a village in Zarneh Rural District , Zarneh District , Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Omarshal ( Persian : عمرشال‎‎ , also Romanized as `` Omarshāl ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 239 , in 44 families .
The Hartford Botanical Garden is a botanical garden now being planned in Hartford , Connecticut .
Former Reformed Mennonite Church is a historic Reformed Mennonite church located at Amherst , New York in Erie County , New York .
Light Valley Tree Farm Heliport ( FAA LID : 8OR8 ) is a private heliport located 18 miles northwest of Eagle Point in Jackson County , Oregon , United States .
Caussade is a commune in the district of Montauban , located in the Tarn - et - Garonne department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in the south of France .
Pea Ridge National Military Park is a United States National Military Park located in extreme northwestern Arkansas near the Missouri border .
Do Ab - e Kojur ( Persian : دواب كجور‎ , also Romanized as Do Āb - e Kojūr ; also known as Do Āb ) is a village in Panjak - e Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sokoły - Jaźwiny ( sɔˈkɔwɨ jaʑˈvinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tang Asiab - e Ajam ( Persian : تنگ اسياب اجم‎ , also Romanized as Tang Āsīāb - e Ājam ; also known as Tang Āsīāb ) is a village in Ajam Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ping Yeung ( Chinese : 坪洋 ) is a village in Ta Kwu Ling , North District , Hong Kong .
Anderson Lake State Park is a Washington state park on the Quimper Peninsula in Jefferson County .
Minam Lake is a high - elevation reservoir in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa Mountains in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The E - Z Polish Factory is a building designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and is located in Chicago , Illinois , USA .
Puka - Puka Airport is an airport on Puka - Puka in French Polynesia ( IATA : PKP , ICAO : NTGP ) .
Samatra is a small village located in the Kutch district of Gujarat state , India .
Kachal Mangan ( Persian : كچل منگان‎ , also Romanized as Kachal Mangān ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Park Street Church ( built in 1809 ) in downtown Boston , Massachusetts is an active Conservative Congregational church with 2,000 in Sunday attendance and around 1,000 members at the corner of Tremont Street and Park Street .
The Mud Creek Glacier is the southernmost glacier on Mount Shasta in the U.S. state of California .
The Church of Saint - François - des - Cordeliers ( French : Église des Cordeliers de Nancy ) is a historic church located in Nancy , France , capital city of Lorraine .
Bad Afshan ( Persian : بادافشان‎ , also Romanized as Bād Afshān ; also known as Bād Fashān ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Granite Stake Tabernacle is a tabernacle of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints in the Sugar House District of Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Escape from Madagascar is a suspended family roller coaster at Dreamworld on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Patuxai ( Lao : ປະຕູໄຊ , literally meaning Victory Gate or Gate of Triumph , formerly the Anousavary or Anosavari Monument , known by the French as Monument Aux Morts ) is a war monument in the centre of Vientiane , Laos , which was built between 1957 and 1968 .
Stuart Hall School in Staunton , Virginia was founded by the Episcopal church as the Virginia Female Institute in 1844 .
The San Francisco Conservatory of Music ( SFCM ) is a music school with an enrollment of about 400 students , located at 50 Oak Street , San Francisco , California .
Łąkta ( ˈwɔnkta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Runów ( ˈrunuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sea Palling is a village and a civil parish covering 11.05 km2 ( 4.27 sq mi ) in the English county of Norfolk .
Stara Dąbrówka ( ˈstara dɔmˈbrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
CKGE - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 94.9 FM to Toronto , Ontario .
Łososiowice ( wɔsɔɕɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Losswitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Natmauk Township ( Burmese : နတ်မောတ် မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Magway District in the Magway Division of Myanmar .
Broome International Airport ( IATA : BME , ICAO : YBRM ) is a regional airport located 0.4 nautical miles ( 0.74 km ; 0.46 mi ) west of the Broome GPO , Western Australia .
Capella Island is a 230-acre ( 0.93 km² ) uninhabited island that is owned by the United States Virgin Islands .
Avan Sar ( Persian : اوانسر‎ , also Romanized as Āvān Sar ; also known as Amvey ) is a village in Jushin Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hartman Creek State Park is a 1,417-acre ( 573 ha ) Wisconsin state park near Waupaca .
Viyand - e Kalkhvoran ( Persian : ويندكلخوران‎ , also Romanized as Vīyand - e Kalkhvorān , Vīānd - e Kalkhūrān , Vīyand - e Kalkhowrān , and Vīyand - e Kalkhūrān ) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mianów ( ˈmjanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Graemsay is an island in the western approaches to Scapa Flow , in the Orkney Islands of Scotland .
Glover Park is a neighborhood in northwest Washington , D.C. , about a half mile north of Georgetown and just west of the United States Naval Observatory and Number One Observatory Circle ( the Vice President 's mansion ) .
The Fort Peck Indian Reservation is near Fort Peck , Montana .
East Rock Park is a park in the city of New Haven and the town of Hamden , Connecticut that is operated as a New Haven city park .
Agua Sal Creek is a stream located in the Chinle Valley of Apache County , Arizona .
The Brushy Mountain Apple Festival is a one - day arts and crafts fair held annually in downtown North Wilkesboro , North Carolina .
The Deming School , also known as the Deming Elementary School , located at 715 W. Fifth Ave . in Cheyenne , Wyoming , was built in 1945 .
Chewacla State Park is a publicly owned recreation area in Auburn , Lee County , Alabama , occupying 696 acres ( 282 ha ) to the south of Interstate 85 .
Lashgar Kuh ( Persian : لشگركوه‎ , also Romanized as Lashgar Kūh ; also known as Lākūh and Lā Kūheh ) is a village in Hombarat Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Malsaidi - ye Sofla ( Persian : مال سيدي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mālsa``īdī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 74 , in 13 families .
Mounts Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in West Palm Beach , Florida .
Conakry ( Sosso : Kɔnakiri ) is the capital and largest city of Guinea .
Southwestern Assemblies of God University ( SAGU ) is a private Christian university located in Waxahachie , Texas in the Dallas - Fort Worth metroplex , United States .
South Harrow is south - west of Harrow - on - the - Hill in the London Borough of Harrow and its development originally spread south and west from the hamlet of Roxeth as a result of urbanization and easier access from Central London by rail .
The Hoffman Building was located in downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Divine Child High School is a parish Catholic high school in Dearborn , Wayne County , Michigan , United States .
Richland College is a community college that is part of the Dallas County Community College District and is located in the Lake Highlands area of Dallas , Texas ( USA ) near the border with Richardson and Garland .
Darreh Par ( Persian : دره پر‎ , also known as Darreh Bar ) is a village in Masabi Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Muzeum Těšínska ( Polish : Muzeum Ziemi Cieszyńskiej ) , ( Museum of Cieszyn Silesia ) is a regional museum in Český Těšín , Czech Republic .
Zagheh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زاغه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Dusti ( Persian : قلعه دوستي‎‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Dūstī ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Lett Hotel at 204 S. Ash in Yuma , Colorado , now known as the Tumbleweed Hotel , is a historic building , built in 1916 , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The University of San Antonio was a Methodist institution of higher education located in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
The University of Wyoming is a land - grant university located in Laramie , Wyoming , situated on Wyoming 's high Laramie Plains , at an elevation of 7,220 feet ( 2194 m ) , between the Laramie and Snowy Range mountains .
Laghar Zehi ( Persian : لاغرزهي‎ , also Romanized as Lāghar Zehī ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Arizona Game and Fish Department stocks River Reservoir with fingerling rainbow trout in the spring and catchable - sized rainbow trout in the spring and summer .
Bolesławice - Kolonia ( bɔlɛswaˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Herkimer County Trust Company Building is a historic bank building located at Little Falls , New York in Herkimer County , New York .
Takhtan ( Persian : تختان‎ , also Romanized as Takhtān ; also known as Āb Takhtān ) is a village in Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District , Zarrinabad District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
New Ross ( Irish : Ros Mhic Thriúin , formerly Ros Mhic Treoin ) is a town in southwest County Wexford , Ireland .
Takht - e Zal ( Persian : تخت زال‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Zāl ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
High Hesket is a village near the A6 road , in the parish of Hesket , in the Eden district , in the English county of Cumbria .
Lampang Luang ( Thai : ลำปางหลวง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ko Kha District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 9965 people .
The Borough of Basildon is a local government district in south Essex in the East of England , centred on the town of Basildon .
Samuel Elmore Cannery was a U.S. National Historic Landmark in Astoria , Oregon that was designated in 1966 but was delisted in 1993 .
Vallila ( Swedish : Vallgård ) is a neighbourhood in Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
Sefid Bala ( Persian : سفيدبالا‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Bālā ; also known as Sefīd Bālā - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Matraville Sports High School , ( abbreviation MSHS ) is a school located in Chifley , New South Wales , Australia , on Anzac Parade .
Sky View High School ( SVHS ) , in Smithfield , Utah , is the northernmost public high school in the state of Utah .
The Rocori High School shooting was a school shooting that occurred at Rocori High School on September 24 , 2003 in Cold Spring , Minnesota , United States .
Potter 's Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , near East London .
Dębrznik ( ˈdɛmbʐnik ) ( German : Krausendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra , within Kamienna Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kattimedu is a small village situated in Tiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Pong Noi ( Thai : ปงน้อย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Doi Luang District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Bogate ( bɔˈɡatɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ďolíček Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Prague district Vršovice , Czech Republic .
Nowlu ( Persian : نولو‎ , also Romanized as Nowlū ; also known as Asam ʿAlī Kandī ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Beverly Hills Supper Club fire in Southgate , Kentucky , is the third deadliest nightclub fire in U.S. history .
Armedlu - ye Sofla ( Persian : ارمدلوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ārmedlū - ye Soflá ; also known as Ārmatlū and Ārmedlū - ye Qadīm ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Unibórz ( uˈnibuʂ ) ( German Tonnebuhr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Lower Sugarloaf Key is the lower arm of an island known as Sugarloaf Key in the lower Florida Keys about 13 miles east of Key West .
Ali Hallaj ( Persian : علي حلاج‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Ḩallāj ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Wszemierzyce ( fʂɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Strzelnia ( ˈstʂɛlɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wałdowice ( vau̯dɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubniewice , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Baghlujeh - ye Sardar ( Persian : باغلوجه سردار‎ , also Romanized as Bāghlūjeh - ye Sardār and Bāghlūjeh Sardār ; also known as Bāghlūjah and Bagludzhakh ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tinnhølen or Tinnhylen is a lake in Norway that lies in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county and a very small part crosses into the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county .
Peery 's Egyptian Theater is a movie palace located at 2439 Washington Blvd . , in Ogden , Utah in the United States of America .
Ralph McKinzie Field is a baseball venue in DeKalb , Illinois , United States .
The Makamah Park Preserve is approximately 140 acres in the east watershed area of crab meadow park on the north shore of Long Island , New York .
Rodovia Brigadeiro Faria Lima ( official designation SP-326 ) is a highway in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
CKFT - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 107.9 FM in Fort Saskatchewan , Alberta , Canada with an adult contemporary format branded as Mix 107.9 FM .
Panjanathikottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Matadi is the chief sea port of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the capital of the Bas - Congo province .
Kardef ( Persian : كردف‎ ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Daughters of Mary Help of Christians Siu Ming Catholic Secondary School ( 天主教母佑會蕭明中學 ) , founded in 1973 , is a girls ' secondary school in Kwai Chung , Hong Kong .
The America Street School was an historic school at 22 America Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Devastator Peak , also known as The Devastator , is the lowest and southernmost of the six subsidiary peaks that form the Mount Meager massif in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Abdiyeh ( Persian : عبديه‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbdīyeh ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Siwki ( ˈɕifki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Providence Hall Charter School is an elementary school located in Herriman , Utah .
Bowery Bay is a bay off the East River in the New York City .
Roure is a commune located in the department of Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur .
Bad Vilbel is a spa town in Hesse , Germany , famous for its many mineral water springs .
Ken Lockwood Gorge is between Califon and High Bridge in Hunterdon County , New Jersey .
Mushanga ( Persian : موشنگا‎ , also Romanized as Mūshangā ; also known as Mūshangā Bālā and Mūshankā ) is a village in Saravan Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Brampford Speke ( /ˈbræmfərdzbiːk/ BRAM - fərdz - beek ) is a small village in Devon , 4 miles to the north of Exeter .
The Trumpbour Homestead Farm is a National Register of Historic Places listing located in Saugerties , New York .
Richmond Municipal Airport ( IATA : RID , ICAO : KRID , FAA LID : RID ) is six miles southeast of Richmond , in Wayne County , Indiana .
Bagh - e Bolurian ( Persian : باغ بلوريان‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Bolūrīān ) is a village in Borkhar - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
KIOT ( 102.5 FM , `` Coyote 102.5 '' ) is an American radio station licensed to Los Lunas , New Mexico , and serving the Albuquerque and Santa Fe radio markets broadcasting a mainstream rock format with music from the late 1960s through the early 2000s .
The Cathedral of Saint Helena is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Helena , Montana .
The Marine Museum at Fall River in Fall River , Massachusetts is a historical and nautical museum with memorabilia , artifacts , and ship models of the Fall River Line and RMS Titanic .
Leighland Christian School is an independent , co - educational , non - denominational Christian School , situated in Tasmania , Australia .
Ras - e Sharqi ( Persian : راس شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Ra's - e Sharqī ) is a village in Jazireh - ye Minu Rural District , Minu District , Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shahrak ol Mohammad ( Persian : شهرك ال محمد‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak ol Moḩammad ) is a village in Harm Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Aiken Technical College is one of the 16 colleges in the South Carolina Technical College System and has been serving the community for more than 40 years .
Chicago Executive Airport ( IATA : PWK , ICAO : KPWK , FAA LID : PWK ) , formerly Palwaukee Municipal Airport , is a public airport 18 miles ( 33 km ) northwest of Chicago , in the village of Wheeling in Cook County , Illinois .
The Jardin Musée de Limeuil , also known as the Jardin ethnobotanique de Limeuil , is botanical garden located in Limeuil , Dordogne , Aquitaine , France .
The Whipple - Cullen House and Barn is an historic farmstead on Old River Road in Lincoln , Rhode Island .
The Carrabassett River , a tributary of the Kennebec River , is located in Franklin County and Somerset County , Maine , in the United States .
Earlham School of Religion ( ESR ) , a graduate division of Earlham College , located in Richmond , Indiana , is the oldest graduate seminary associated with the Religious Society of Friends ( Quakers ) .
The John J. Glessner House , operated as the Glessner House Museum , is an important 19th - century residence located at 1800 S. Prairie Avenue , Chicago , Illinois .
Cheshmeh - ye Ashtareza ( Persian : چشمه اشترزا‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Āshtarezā ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sinabang is the administrative seat ( capital ) of the Simeulue Regency , in Aceh Province of Indonesia and has a population of approximately 20,000 .
The Glen Store and Post Office is a late 19th - century home located in Potomac , Maryland .
Alkmaar ( ˈɑl(ə)kmaːr ) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Iguape is a municipality located into the Ribeira Valley in the southern portion of the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Mirzapur district ( Hindi : मिर्ज़ापुर ज़िला , Urdu : مرزا پور ضلع‎ ) is one of the 70 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India .
Snag Lake is a lake located in the north eastern part of Lassen Volcanic National Park in California .
Armeniș ( Hungarian : Örményes ) is a commune in Caraș - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 2,718 people .
The Copper Harbor Cemetery is a cemetery located on US 41 west of M-26 in Copper Harbor , Michigan .
The Wallkill River , a tributary of the Hudson , drains Lake Mohawk in Sparta , New Jersey , flowing from there generally northeasterly 88.3 miles ( 142.1 km ) to Rondout Creek in New York , just downstream of Sturgeon Pool , near Rosendale , with the combined flows reaching the Hudson at Kingston .
Laksar is a town and a panchayat in Haridwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand .
Kami - Kazi Airport ( FAA LID : 5TA7 ) is a heliport located in unincorporated Galveston County , Texas , United States .
Biramsar ( बिरमसर ) is a village in Ratangarh tehsil of Churu district of Rajasthan , India .
Udvada is a town in Gujarat , renowned for its Zoroastrian Atash Behram .
Summer Chapel Rectory , Prince Frederick 's Episcopal Church is a historic rectory associated with Prince Frederick 's Episcopal Church on CR 52 near Plantersville , Georgetown County , South Carolina .
Casalbeltrame is a comune ( municipality ) located in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 70 km ( 43 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 12 kilometres ( 7 miles ) west of Novara .
The Chapel + Cultural Center at Rensselaer is an architecturally unique , multipurpose performing arts and spiritual space in Troy , New York , owned and operated by the Rensselaer Newman Foundation ( RNF ) .
Miniewicze ( miɲɛˈvit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Samuel H. Wang Yeshiva University High School for Girls ( YUHSG , also known as `` Central '' ) offers college preparatory curricula and Jewish studies programs leading to an academic diploma endorsed by the New York State Board of Regents and the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools .
Located in the Imatong Mountains in Ikotos county of Eastern Equatoria state , near the Ugandan border , Kinyeti has an elevation of 3,187 metres ( 10,456 ft ) above sea level .
Biłgoraje ( biu̯ɡɔˈrajɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mount Quincan is a volcanic mountain near Yungaburra on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Tacoma Ice Palace was an indoor arena in Tacoma , Washington at 3801 S. Union Avenue .
West Byfleet is a village in Surrey which grew up around its relatively minor stop on the London & South Western Railway : the station , originally Byfleet and Woodham , opened in 1887 .
Baldons is a civil parish in the South Oxfordshire district about 5 miles ( 8 km ) southeast of Oxford , Oxfordshire .
Dryden Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJD8 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) south of Dryden , Ontario , Canada .
Tanque Verde Falls are a series of waterfalls in Tanque Verde Canyon east of Tanque Verde , Arizona and Tucson , Arizona .
Laskownica Wielka ( laskɔvˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Puskan ( Persian : پوسكان‎ , also Romanized as Pūskān ; also known as Pāras Kān , Parskān , Pārskhān , Postkān , Pūsgān , Pūshkān , and Pūstgān ) is a village in Dadin Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bickenhall is a hamlet and parish in Somerset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Wynn Las Vegas , often simply referred to as Wynn , is a luxury resort and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .
Esfandaran ( Persian : اسفنداران‎ , also Romanized as Esfandārān ; also known as Esfandān and Isfandūn ) is a village in Ramsheh Rural District , Jarqavieh Olya District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Stratobowl is a compact natural depression within the limits of Black Hills National Forest in South Dakota , south - west of Rapid City .
Otopeni ( Romanian pronunciation : ( otoˈpenʲ ) ) is a town in Ilfov County , Romania , some 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) north of Bucharest along the road to Ploiești .
The Torra di San Vincenzu or Torra di Pianosa is a Genoese tower in Corsica , located in the commune of Occhiatana ( Haute - Corse ) .
Willenhall is a medium - sized town in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall , in the West Midlands , England , with a population taken at the 2011 census of 28,480 .
Torazu ( Spanish : Torazo ) is one of six parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Cabranes , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
The Tandanya National Aboriginal Cultural Institute , usually referred to simply as Tandanya , is an art museum located on Grenfell Street in Adelaide , South Australia .
Sharvineh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شروينه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Silvar ( Persian : سيلوار‎ , also Romanized as Sīlvār ) is a village in Abaru Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Lone Mesa State Park is a closed - access state park in Colorado .
The Donald Roebling Estate ( also known as the Spotswood or Spottiswoode or Spottiswoode ) is a historic site in Clearwater , Florida .
The Tour du Guet is a 13th - century watchtower in Calais , Pas - de - Calais , northern France .
Qarehi ( Persian : قره آيي‎ , also Romanized as Qareh’ī ; also known as Qarā’ī ) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Ab Panguiyeh ( Persian : اب پنگويئه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Pangū’īyeh , Ab Pangooeyeh , Ābpangū’īyeh , and Āb Pangūyeh ; also known as Opāng ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Exchange Hall is a historic Italianate style hall on Quimby Square , at the intersection of Main and School Streets in the village of South Acton , in Acton , Massachusetts .
The Toiyabe Range is a mountain range in Lander and Nye counties , Nevada , United States .
Tulihe ( simplified Chinese : 图里河 ; traditional Chinese : 圖裡河 ; pinyin : Túlǐhé ) is a town under the administration of Yakeshi City in far northeastern Inner Mongolia , China , located 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) northeast of Yakeshi and 35 km ( 22 mi ) south - southeast of Genhe .
Jhilimili is a tourist centre in Khatra subdivision of Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Boguty - Leśne ( bɔˈɡutɨ ˈlɛɕnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nesah - ye Mohammad Taher ( Persian : نسه محمدطاهر‎ , also Romanized as Nesah - ye Moḩammad Ţāher ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Aisne ( French pronunciation : ​(ɛːn ) ) is a French department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais - Picardie region of northern France .
Largheh - ye Sofla ( Persian : لرغه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Largheh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The London Guarantee Building or London Guaranty & Accident Building , formerly known as the Stone Container Building , is a historic building located in the Loop community area of Chicago , Illinois .
Sogotlu ( Persian : سگتلو‎ , also Romanized as Sogotlū ; also known as Sūchīdlū ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nowa Parszczenica ( ˈnɔva parʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Knybawa ( knɨˈbava ) ( German : Kniebau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Derwenlas is a hamlet in northern Powys , Wales .
The Königsberg Castle ( German : Königsberger Schloss , Russian : Кёнигсбергский замок ) was a castle in Königsberg , Germany ( since 1946 Kaliningrad , Russia ) , and was one of the landmarks of the East Prussian capital Königsberg .
Mackay Estate Gate Lodge is a historic gatehouse located at East Hills in Nassau County , New York .
Doune ( /duːn/ ; Gaelic : An Dùn , ' the fort ' ) is a burgh in the district of Stirling , Scotland .
High Breeze Farm , also known as Barrett Farm , is located in the Highland Lakes section of Vernon Township , in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Jaghd ( Persian : جغد‎ ) is a village in Armand Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
West Branch Fishing Creek is one of the northernmost major tributaries of Fishing Creek in Sullivan County , Pennsylvania and Columbia County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Amherst - Pelham Regional School District ( ARPS ) is a school district in Massachusetts which includes the towns of Amherst , Pelham , Leverett , and Shutesbury , though the elementary schools of the latter two towns are not part of the district .
The Roman villa of Can Llauder is a Roman site near Mataró , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Estadio Elías Figueroa Brander ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eˈli.as fiɣeˈɾoa ) ) , formerly known as Estadio Regional Chiledeportes and Estadio Municipal de Valparaíso , is a multi - purpose stadium in Valparaíso , Chile .
Lacona Railroad Station and Depot , also known as New York Central and Hudson River Railroad Station and Depot , is a historic railway depot located at Lacona in Oswego County , New York .
Wólka Wytycka ( ˈvulka vɨˈtɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Manassas Gap is a wind gap of the Blue Ridge Mountains on the border of Fauquier County and Warren County in Virginia .
Gazer Sang ( Persian : گازرسنگ‎ , also Romanized as Gāzer Sang ; also known as Qāder Sang and Qādirsang ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Philpots Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut .
The Arlington Street Church is a Unitarian Universalist church across from the Public Garden in Boston , Massachusetts .
Lowgerd ( Persian : لوگرد‎ ; also known as Labgerd ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Posht Kelan ( Persian : پشت كلان‎ , also Romanized as Posht Kelān ; also known as Bāsh Gelān and Peshtgelān ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Three Lakes Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide .
Panbonyang is a village located in the Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north - eastern Burma .
Balchladich ( Scottish Gaelic : Baile a ' Chladaich ) is a remote township in the Assynt district of Sutherland , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Greater Hood Memorial AME Zion Church was the first African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church , in Harlem , New York .
The Mrs. Graham Fair Vanderbilt House , also known as the Lycée français de New York , is located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City .
Ghumli is a village located 35 km from Porbandar , at foothills of Barda , in Jamnagar district of Gujarat , India .
Nur - e Sofla ( Persian : نورسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nūr - e Soflá ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bennett Creek or Bennett 's Creek is a 7.3-mile - long ( 11.7 km ) tributary of the Nansemond River in Suffolk , Virginia .
KJAN ( 1220 AM ) is a commercial radio station serving the Atlantic , Iowa area .
The Gare de Balagny - Saint - Épin ( Balagny - Saint - Épin station ) is a railway station located in the commune of Balagny - sur - Thérain in the Oise department , France , it is also located near the settlement of Saint - Épin in the commune of Bury .
Oakes Oval ( known prior to 1957 as the Recreation Ground ) is a cricket ground in Lismore , New South Wales , Australia .
Peter Tavy is a village 3 miles along the A386 , North - East of Tavistock , Devon , England ; it is named after the River Tavy .
Parsheh ( Persian : پرشه‎ ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Klopp Castle ( German : Burg Klopp ) is a castle in the town of Bingen am Rhein in the Upper Middle Rhine Valley in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Lake Waubesa is one of the four lakes in Madison , Wisconsin .
Archbishop Moeller High School /ˈmoʊlər/ , known as Moeller , is a private , all - male , college - preparatory high school in the suburbs of Cincinnati , in Hamilton County , Ohio .
Wayne State College is a four - year public college in the Nebraska State College System in Wayne , Nebraska , United States .
Klęka ( ˈklɛnka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fellowship Church ( FC ) is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Grapevine , Texas , a suburb of Fort Worth , that is affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention .
The Martin Marmon House is a historic house near the village of Zanesfield in Jefferson Township , Logan County , Ohio , United States .
The Piney Creek Wilderness is an 8,122-acre ( 33 km2 ) wilderness area in Missouri .
The Frank and Mary Smith House is a historic home located at 2935 John Adams Road in Willow Spring , Wake County , North Carolina , a suburb of Raleigh .
Lake Maumelle is a man - made lake in central Arkansas , United States , in Pulaski County , and covers 8,900 acres .
Peebles , Wisconsin ( pronounced like `` Pebbles '' ) is an unincorporated community in the Town of Taycheedah in Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin .
Vlotho ( ˈfloːto ) is a town in the district of Herford , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Slate Creek Bridge is a riveted steel Parker pony truss bridge spanning the Blue River 9 miles ( 14.5 km ) north of Silverthorne , Colorado .
Bab Baluchi ( Persian : باب بلوچي‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Balūchī ; also known as Bāb ol Balūchī and Bābolūjī ) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District , Toghrol Al Jerd District , Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Maryniów ( maˈrɨɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Fornace ( German : Braunstein ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Târgu Neamț ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌtɨrɡu ˈne̯amt͡s ) ; German : Niamtz , Hungarian : Németvásár , Hebrew : נאמץ טרגו‎ , Latin : Ante Castrum Nempch ) is a town in Neamț County , Romania , on the Neamț River .
Samen Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سامن‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Donbal Deh ( Persian : دنبالده‎ , also Romanized as Donbāl Deh ; also known as Donbāleh Deh ) is a village in Khorgam Rural District , Khorgam District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Grünwinkel is a borough in the southwest of Karlsruhe , Baden - Württemberg , in the southwest of Germany .
Keyano College is a post - secondary college located in Fort McMurray , Alberta , Canada .
Ejin Horo Banner or Ejin Horo Qi ( Ejin Qoroɣ - a qosiɣu ; Chinese : 伊金霍洛旗 ; pinyin : Yījīn Huòluò Qí , Mongolian : ᠡᠵᠢᠨ ᠬᠣᠷᠣᠭ᠎ᠠ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ ) is a banner under the administration of Ordos City , in southwestern Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , China , bordering Shaanxi to the southeast .
Łazy - Dąbrowa ( ˈwazɨ dɔmˈbrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Thornlie Senior High School is a Public high school in Western Australia .
Begesi ( Persian : بگسي‎ , also Romanized as Begesī ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qarah Hajjilu ( Persian : قره حاجيلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Ḩājjīlū and Qareh Ḩājjīlū ; also known as Qara Hāji , Qarah Ḩājīlū , and Qareh Ḩājjlū ) is a village in Qaflankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dalaman is a district , as well as the central town of that district , situated on the southwestern coast of Turkey , in the Muğla Province .
Langinkoski Church ( Finnish : Langinkosken kirkko ) , is one of five Kymenlaakso - region Lutheran churches in Finland 's Kotka - Kymi parish union .
The Wilson - Lenox House , also known as the `` Marvin Ditmer House , '' is a historic house west of Sidney in Washington Township , Shelby County , Ohio , United States .
Qareh Tappeh - ye Sheykh ( Persian : قره تپه شيخ‎ ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Zafferana Etnea ( Sicilian : Zafarana ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Catania .
Alkersum ( Fering : Aalkersem , Danish : Alkersum ) is a municipality in the Nordfriesland district , in Schleswig - Holstein , northern Germany .
Khaseh Tarash ( Persian : خاصه تراش‎ , also Romanized as Khāşeh Tarāsh ; also known as Khavāş Tarāsh ) is a village in Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Luss ( Lus , ' herb ' in Gaelic ) is a village in Argyll & Bute , Scotland , on the west bank of Loch Lomond .
McIntyre Grove is a sequoia grove in southern California and is part of the Belknap complex along with Wheel Meadow Grove and the smaller , compact Carr Wilson , or Bear Creek Grove .
Jafa Kandeh ( Persian : جفاكنده‎‎ , also Romanized as Jafā Kandeh ) is a village in Banafsh Tappeh Rural District , Now Kandeh District , Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Garm Bit - e Bala ( Persian : گرم بيت بالا‎ , also Romanized as Garm Bīt - e Bālā ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kandar - e Sheykh ( Persian : كندرشيخ‎ ) is a village in Sigar Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Page Field ( IATA : FMY , ICAO : KFMY , FAA LID : FMY ) is a public airport three miles south of Fort Myers , in Lee County , Florida .
Kupowo - Folwark ( kuˈpɔvɔ ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Since 1999 Tychy has been located within the Silesian Voivodeship , a province consisting of 71 regional towns and cities .
Lake Pillsbury is an artificial lake in the Mendocino National Forest of Lake County , California , created from the waters impounded from the Eel River by Scott Dam .
CBe - learn is a public junior high and high school located in the City of Calgary , Alberta , Canada The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Calgary Board of Education .
Metaxata ( Greek : Μεταξάτα ) is a village in the southern part of the island of Kefalonia , Greece .
WVKR - FM ( Independent Radio ) is a college radio station owned by , and primarily staffed by students of , Vassar College in Poughkeepsie , New York .
Izeh County ( Persian : شهرستان ایذه‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
Mahaica - Berbice ( Region 5 ) is a region of Guyana , bordering the Atlantic Ocean to the north , the region of East Berbice - Corentyne to the east , the region of Upper Demerara - Berbice to the south and the region of Demerara - Mahaica to the west .
The Cannstatter Wasen is a 35 hectare festival area on the banks of the Neckar river in the part of Stuttgart known as Bad Cannstatt .
Nut Tree Airport ( ICAO : KVCB , FAA LID : VCB , formerly O45 ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northeast of the central business district of Vacaville , in Solano County , California , United States .
Croviana ( German : Korfelan or Karfenian , in local dialect : Croviànå ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Trento .
The Chapel of the Three Kings of Cologne ( grid reference ST586731 ) is a church in Colston Street , near the top of Christmas Steps , Bristol , England .
La Tour de la Bourse ( English : Stock Exchange Tower ) is a 48-storey skyscraper in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Pacew ( ˈpat͡sɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The EcoTarium is a science and nature museum located in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Sanjoldar ( Persian : سنجلدر‎ ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zdedy ( ˈzdɛdɨ ) ( German : Sdeden ( 1938 - 45:Stettenbruch ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jinning County ( Chinese : 晋宁县 ; pinyin : Jìnníng Xiàn ) is a county , under the jurisdiction of Kunming , Yunnan , China .
Kontrashibuna Lake is a large lake in southwestern Alaska .
Merriott is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , near the town of Crewkerne and 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
The Falkirk Steeple is a landmark which dominates the skyline of Falkirk in central Scotland .
Mount Curwood , elevation 1,978 feet ( 603 m ) , in L'Anse Township , Baraga County is the second highest point in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Upper Hack Lift is a lift bridge carrying the New Jersey Transit Main Line across the Hackensack River at mile 6.9 between Secaucus , New Jersey and Lyndhurst .
Pitt Meadows is a city in southwestern British Columbia , Canada and a member municipality in Metro Vancouver .
The Great All American Youth Circus , also known as The Great Y Circus , is billed as the oldest community circus in the world and is located in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Mud Island Shoal is a small island in the Delaware River in Bensalem Township in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , just before the confluence with Rancocas Creek .
Arcumeggia ( Arcümégia in local dialect ) is a fraction of the municipality of Casalzuigno in the province of Varese , in Italy .
Najneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : نجنه سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Najneh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Buckinghorse River Wayside Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada located on the Alaska Highway ( Highway 97 ) , approximately 175 km northwest of the city of Fort St. John .
The San Antonio Botanical Garden is a 33-acre ( 130,000 m2 ) , non - profit botanical garden in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Dorudgu ( Persian : درودگو‎ , also Romanized as Dorūdgū ; also known as Doroogh Goo’iyeh , Dorūdgū’īyeh , Dorūghgū , and Dorūghgū’īyeh ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nowiny - Zdroje ( nɔˈvinɨ ˈzdrɔjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Townsville RSL Stadium is a multi - purpose indoor venue located at the Murray Sports Complex in Annandale , Queensland .
Stuttgart High School is a public secondary school for students in grades 9 through 12 located in Stuttgart , Arkansas .
Foss Reservoir , also known as Foss Lake , lies in Custer County , Oklahoma on the Washita River , about 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of Clinton , Oklahoma .
Coastal Grand Mall is a super - regional shopping mall in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , United States .
Tomaryny ( tɔmaˈrɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sanganpur is a village in Mehsana district in the state of Gujarat , India . The nearest city from Sanganpur is Mehsana . Sanganpur is situated about 12 km from Mehsana city on South direction .
Kandeva ( Persian : كندوا‎ , also Romanized as Kandevā ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Luchów Górny ( ˈluxuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnogród , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Camp Interlaken for girls operated in Croydon , New Hampshire , from 1923 to 1963 .
The Théâtre Montparnasse is a theatre at 31 , rue de la Gaîté in the 14th arrondissement of Paris .
Strong 's Block is a historic commercial building at 1637 - 1651 Beacon Street in the center of Waban Village , in the city of Newton , Massachusetts .
Falconwood railway station is situated in the suburb of Falconwood , London Borough of Bexley , and is served by the Bexleyheath Line : it is 10 miles 27 chains ( 16.6 km ) from Charing Cross .
Havreholm Slot is a hotel and conference centre located south of Hornbæk , Helsingør Municipality , some 40 km north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Province of Alessandria ( Italian : Provincia di Alessandria ) is an Italian province , with a population of some 430,000 , which forms the southeastern part of the region of Piedmont .
Alvarado Park Lake is a reservoir in Johnson County , Texas 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southwest of Alvarado , Texas .
Midland International Air and Space Port ( IATA : MAF , ICAO : KMAF , FAA LID : MAF ) ( formerly Midland International Airport ) is a city - owned international airport located approximately midway between the cities of Midland and Odessa , in the US state of Texas .
The Lisburne Peninsula is a peninsula jutting out into the Chukchi Sea on the western coast of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Upper Peninsula Brewing Company Building is an office building located at the intersection of Meeske Street and US 41 in Marquette , Michigan .
Salzwedel station is the station of the district town of Salzwedel in Altmark in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Akinabad ( Persian : اكين اباد‎ , also Romanized as Akīnābād ; also known as Akīnābād - e Qadīm ) is a village in Mehranrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Jordan River Diversion Tunnel - a relic of the Victorian gold rush - is on the Jordan River near the locality of Jericho , about 7 km south of Woods Point in Gippsland , Victoria , Australia .
Inchcolm Abbey is a medieval abbey located on the island of Inchcolm in the Firth of Forth in Scotland .
Brora ( Scottish Gaelic : Brùra ) is a village in the east of Sutherland , in the Highland area of Scotland .
KMVA ( Hot 97.5/103.9 FM ) is an Adult Top 40 radio station in the Phoenix , Arizona , area .
Jared W. Finney High School was a public comprehensive high school in northeastern Detroit , Michigan and a part of Detroit Public Schools .
Hasan Baruq ( Persian : حسن باروق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Bārūq ) is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chamalk Sara ( Persian : چملك سرا‎ , also Romanized as Chamalk Sarā ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Capt . John Clark House is a historic house on the south side of Route 169 , south of Canterbury , Connecticut .
The Andrew Gildersleeve Octagonal Building , also known as Mattituck , the Octagon House and Mattituck Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at Main Road ( NY 25 ) and Love Lane in Mattituck , New York .
Big Yellow Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest .
The Mall at Fairfield Commons , commonly referred to as The Fairfield Commons Mall , is a shopping center in Beavercreek , Ohio .
Tigert Hall , built in the late 1940s and early 1950s , is a historic administrative building located on the eastern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville , Florida .
The Kalmia Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System , in northwestern Riverside County of southern California .
Kljen ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кљен ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dakkili is a village in Dakkili mandal , located in the Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Sądówko ( sɔnˈdufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Andover Village Industrial District encompasses one of the 19th century industrial mill villages of Andover , Massachusetts known locally as `` The Village '' .
Godlewo Warsze ( ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈvarʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Southwestern Law School ( formerly known as Southwestern University School of Law and Southwestern College of Law ) is a private , ABA - accredited law school located in Mid - Wilshire , Los Angeles , in the U.S. state of California , with about 1,000 students .
Innsbruck ( German : ( ˈʔɪnsbʁʊk ) , local pronunciation : ( ˈʔɪnʃprʊk ) ) is the capital city of the federal state of Tyrol ( Tirol ) in western Austria .
The Bald Mountains are a mountain range rising along the border between Tennessee and North Carolina in the southeastern United States .
The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Andalusia , are organized by Federación Andaluza de Fútbol :
299 Queen Street West , also known as Bell Media Queen Street , is the headquarters of the television / radio broadcast hub of Bell Canada 's media unit , Bell Media located at the intersection of Queen Street West and John Street in Downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Herrieden is a town in the district of Ansbach and situated in the Middle Franconia region of Bavaria , Germany .
Piwaki ( piˈvaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Narehgah - e Markazi ( Persian : نره گاه مركزي‎ , also Romanized as Narehgāh - e Markazī ; also known as Narehgāh , Nargāh , and Narrehgāh ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Altona Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York in the USA .
Książnica ( kɕɔ̃ʐˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Pfaffendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Saadat Bolaghi ( Persian : سعادت بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Sa``ādat Bolāghī ; also known as Sāveh Bolāghī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 6 families .
Taüll is one of the villages of the municipality of Vall de Boí in the comarca of Alta Ribagorça .
Posto Santo is a parish in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the island of Terceira in the Azores .
Khaki Branazar ( Persian : خاكي برانازار‎ , also Romanized as Khāḵī Brānāzār ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Long Melford ( or Melford , as it is known locally ) is a large village and civil parish in the county of Suffolk , England .
Budki Wierzchowskie ( ˈbutki vjɛʂˈxɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dashtavan ( Armenian : Դաշտավան ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Ault - Weygandt Farm is a registered historic district near Orrville , Ohio , listed in the National Register on 2002 - 01 - 14 .
The Willa Cather Birthplace , also known as the Rachel E. Boak House , is the site near Gore , Frederick County , Virginia , where the Pulitzer Prize - winning author Willa Cather was born in 1873 .
Chrósty Wysińskie ( ˈxrustɨ vɨˈɕiɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liniewo , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sweet Tea Recording Studio is a 24-track recording studio in Oxford , Mississippi owned by producer Dennis Herring and operated by Dawn Palladino .
Kąty Goździejewskie Pierwsze ( ˈkɔntɨ ɡɔʑd͡ʑɛˈjɛfskʲɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Arutua Airport is an airport on Arutua atoll in French Polynesia ( IATA : AXR , ICAO : NTGU ) .
Talladega College , located in Talladega , Alabama , is a private , liberal arts college .
The Giardino Botanico Alpinia ( 4 hectares ) is a botanical garden specializing in alpine plants , located at 800 m altitude above Stresa on Lake Maggiore , Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola , Piedmont , Italy .
Ashleworth ( sometimes formerly spelled `` Ashelworth '' ) is a village and civil parish in the Tewkesbury district of Gloucestershire , England , with a population of 540 ( United Kingdom Census 2011 ) , about six miles north of Gloucester .
Groß - Gerau ( German : ( ɡroːsˈɡeːrau ) ) is the district seat of the Groß - Gerau district , lying in the southern Frankfurt Rhein - Main Region in Hesse , Germany , and serving as a hub for the surrounding area .
Shova VDC lies in Rukum District ( Nepali : रुकुम जिल्ला ) is a `` hill '' and `` mountain '' district some 280 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal 's Mid - Western Region .
Ardendrain is a scattered hamlet in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Shekal Gurab - e Bala ( Persian : شكال گوراب بالا‎ , also Romanized as Shekāl Gūrāb - e Bālā ; also known as Shaghāl Gūrāb , Shakālgūrāb , Shekāl Gūrāb , Shigāl Gurāb , and Shikil''-Kirab ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Radomyshl Raion ( Ukrainian : Радомишльський район ) is a raion ( district ) in Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) of northern Ukraine .
New Castle County Vocational - Technical School District is a public vocational - technical school district serving New Castle County , Delaware .
The Bridge School Benefit is an annual charity concert held in Mountain View , California , every October at the Shoreline Amphitheatre .
Marblehead Harbor is a harbor located in Marblehead , Massachusetts , 17 miles northeast of Boston .
Dr. Edmund A. Babler Memorial State Park ( commonly Babler State Park ) is located in Wildwood , Missouri .
Broad Run Reservoir , or Fourth Hollow Reservoir , is a reservoir located in the Broad Mountain within the Borough of Nesquehoning , Pennsylvania .
Exhibition Place is a publicly owned mixed - use district in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located by the shoreline of Lake Ontario , just west of downtown .
Hornell Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KHTF , FAA LID : HTF , formerly 4G6 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Hornell , a city in Steuben County , New York , United States .
Sohra Darab Adaryan ( Persian : صحرادرب آدریان‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrā Darab Ādaryān ) is a village in Marbin - e Vosta Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyni Shahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Gładysze ( ɡwaˈdɨʂɛ ) ( German Schlodien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The T. T. Wentworth Jr. Florida State Museum is a museum of history located at 330 Jefferson Street in the Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola , Florida .
East Bayfront , or the East Bayfront Precinct , is an emerging neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Mowtowr - e Hajji Qadiri ( Persian : موتورحاجي قديري‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩājjī Qadīrī ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Hibernia Hall ( or Hibernian Hall ) is a Romanesque Revival building located in downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Łagoda ( waˈɡɔda ) ( German : Legel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Panské Dubenky ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpanskɛː ˈdubɛŋkɪ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
GTAA Cogeneration Plant is a combined cycle natural gas and steam power station owned by the Greater Toronto Airports Authority , in Mississauga , Ontario .
The Carson Mansion is a large Victorian house located in Old Town , Eureka , California .
Mudirajupalem ( Telugu : ముదిరాజుపాలెం ) is a village located in Gannavaram mandal , Krishna district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Periya Kozhappalur(பெரிய கொழப்பலூர் ) is a village in Chetpet Taluk , Tiruvannamalai District , Tamil Nadu State , India , Asia , Pin code : 632313 .
WDUV , known as `` The Dove '' , is a soft adult contemporary music radio station broadcasting on 105.5 FM , serving the Tampa Bay media market in Florida .
Rodovia Anhangüera ( official designation SP-330 ) is a highway in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
The Cincinnati metropolitan area , informally known as Greater Cincinnati , is a metropolitan area that includes counties in the U.S. states of Ohio , Kentucky , and Indiana around the Ohio city of Cincinnati .
Lyminge is a village in southeast Kent , England .
Rohozy ( rɔˈxɔzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Great Craggy Mountains , commonly called the Craggies , are a mountain range in western North Carolina , United States .
Bolobo Territory is an administrative region of Plateaux District in the Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Ordlegan ( Persian : اردلگان‎ , also Romanized as Ordlegān ; also known as Ardīgān , Ardīkān , Ordīkān , and Urdīgān ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
King and Queen Courthouse Green Historic District is a national historic district located at King and Queen Court House , near Shacklefords , King and Queen County , Virginia .
Jow - e Pain ( Persian : جوپايين‎ , also Romanized as Jow - e Pā’īn , Jowpā’īn , and Jūpa’īn ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ellerbe Creek is tributary of the Neuse River in North Carolina , USA .
Central Java ( Indonesian : Jawa Tengah , abbreviated as Jateng ) is a province of Indonesia .
The University of Toledo , commonly referred to as U of Toledo or UT , is a public research university located in Toledo , Ohio , United States .
Lasgerd Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لاسگرد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sorkheh County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Atkinson Dam is an earth - fill embankment dam across the Buaraba Creek and a naturally forming lagoon , which is located near Lowood in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Millennium Plaza ( formerly Reform Plaza ) is a skyscraper in Warsaw located at Artur Zawisza Square on the western part of Aleje Jerozolimskie .
The SPAD S.VII was the first of a series of highly successful biplane fighter aircraft produced by Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés ( SPAD ) during the First World War .
The Alexander Strider was a single - decker bus body produced in Scotland by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders between 1993 and 1997 .
The Savage Model 1907 is a semi - automatic pocket pistol produced by the Savage Arms Company of Utica , New York , from 1907 until 1920 in .32 ACP and from 1913 until 1920 in .380 ACP caliber .
The TMG EV P001 is a road - legal electric vehicle developed by Toyota Motorsport GmbH. It is based on a Radical chassis as modified for e - Wolf , with two EVO Electric axial flux motors powered by a 350 kg ( 770 lb ) lithium - ceramic battery pack .
The Daihatsu Boon is a subcompact car / supermini produced by Japanese automaker Daihatsu since 2004 , and also sold as the Toyota Passo and the Daihatsu Sirion .
Grosstraktor ( `` large tractor '' ) was the name given to six prototype medium tanks built ( two each ) by Rheinmetall , Krupp and Daimler , for the German Weimar Republic , in violation of the Treaty of Versailles .
The Chevrolet Equinox is a mid - size crossover SUV from Chevrolet based on General Motors 's Theta unibody platform , manufactured at CAMI Automotive ( formerly a GM / Suzuki joint venture , now wholly owned by GM ) plant in Ingersoll , Ontario , Canada , and introduced in 2004 for the 2005 model year .
Sherman Zwicker is a wooden auxiliary fishing schooner built in 1942 at the Smith and Rhuland shipyard , Lunenburg , Nova Scotia .
PL/65 was a programming language designed and implemented by Rockwell International for the AIM-65 .
Glenfiddich is a Speyside single malt Scotch whisky owned and produced by William Grant & Sons in Dufftown , Scotland .
The Remington Model Four is a semi - automatic rifle manufactured by Remington Arms from 1981 to 1987 .
Windows 10 Mobile is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft .
The High Virgo , also known as Weapons System 199C ( WS-199C ) , was a prototype air - launched ballistic missile ( ALBM ) jointly developed by Lockheed and the Convair division of General Dynamics during the late 1950s .
CorvetteForum was launched in 1999 by Troy Roberts and Ryan Adams , two Corvette enthusiasts ; the site is not directly affiliated with General Motors .
It was at a subsequent meeting of the RAC British Grand Prix at Silverstone on 17 July 1954 , where the reputation of Lotus cars was made as Chapman in the Lotus Mark VIII and Peter Gammon in the Mark VI beat the works quad - cam Porsche driven by Hans Herrmann again winning the class .
Pemetrexed ( brand name Alimta ) is a chemotherapy drug manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company .
The Yamaha XJ650 Maxim is a mid - size motorcycle by the Yamaha Motor Company introduced in 1980 as the Maxim I and produced through 1983 .
The Naval Strike Missile ( NSM ) is an anti - ship and land - attack missile developed by the Norwegian company Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace ( KDA ) .
Chicken McNuggets ( introduced in 1983 with support from the McNugget Mania campaign ) are a type of chicken product offered by international fast - food restaurant chain McDonald 's .
The Schumacher Menace GTR is a radio - controlled car made by Schumacher Racing Products , powered by a nitro fuel engine .
MAZ-500 is a Soviet truck manufactured at the Minsk Automobile Plant .
The Steyr AUG is an Austrian bullpup 5.56×45 mm NATO assault rifle , designed in the 1960s by Steyr Mannlicher GmbH & Co KG ( formerly Steyr - Daimler - Puch ) .
The Autozam AZ-1 , known as the framecode PG6SA , is a mid - engined sports kei car , designed and manufactured by Suzuki but sold by Mazda under its Autozam brand .
The Mitsubishi Colt 800 is the first of a series of passenger cars produced by Mitsubishi Motors from November 1965 .
General Motors debuted the Cadillac Converj concept , the car that would eventually become the 2014 Cadillac ELR , in January 2009 , at the North American International Auto Show .
Stanislav Lakoba is a member of the socio - political movement Amtsakhara .
Vijay Jolly ( born 24 July 1960 ) is a politician of the state of Delhi belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Running as a People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) candidate , Gregory Ngaji was elected as senator in the 5th ( 2003 - -2007 ) National Assembly representing Cross River North Senatorial District , and was reelected in April 2007 .
Fritz Bock ( 26 February 1911 - 12 December 1993 ) was an Austrian politician notable for having co - founded the Austrian People 's Party in 1945 and having been Vice - Chancellor of Austria from 1966 to 1968 .
In May 1933 Guido von Mengden became a member of the German Nazi Party .
Otto Wels ( 15 September 1873 -- 16 September 1939 ) was the chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) from 1919 and a member of parliament from 1920 to 1933 .
Jörgen Johansson ( 1947 -- 13 June 2010 ) was a Swedish Centre Party politician , member of the Riksdag since 2002 .
Pilar Brabo Castells ( 28 February 1943 -- 21 May 1993 ) was a Spanish politician from the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party , previously from the Spanish Communist Party .
Eilidh Whiteford ( born 24 April 1969 ) is the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Banff and Buchan .
Michael Andrew Foster Jude Kerr , 13th Marquess of Lothian , Baron Kerr of Monteviot , PC , QC , DL ( born 7 July 1945 ) , previously known as Michael Ancram , is a British Conservative Party politician .
Alfredo Woodward Téllez ( 1905 - -1988 ) was a Mexican businessman , politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Malcolm MacInnis ( born 22 May 1933 at Halifax , Nova Scotia ) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Rajiv Pratap Rudy ( born 30 March 1962 ) is an Indian politician , representing Bharatiya Janata Party , and a Member of Parliament representing Saran Lok Sabha constituency in Bihar , India since May 2014 .
Thor Listau ( 3 June 1938 -- 22 March 2014 ) was a Norwegian military technician and politician for the Conservative Party .
Sara Stern - Katan ( Hebrew : שרה שטרן - קטן‎ , born 4 June 1919 , died 23 September 2001 ) was an Israeli social worker and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1977 and 1981 .
Hans Uhlmann ( born 11 November 1933 in Bonau , Switzerland ) is a Swiss politician from the Swiss People 's Party ( SVP ) .
Walter Rand ( May 31 , 1919 -- January 6 , 1995aged 75 ) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey , who was a specialist on transportation issues while serving in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature .
Donald Kaberry , Baron Kaberry of Adel , MC TD ( 18 August 1907 -- 13 March 1991 ) , known as Sir Donald Kaberry , 1st Baronet , from 1960 to 1983 , was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Arthur Anthony Baumann ( 9 January 1856 -- 20 June 1936 ) was a British lawyer , author , newspaper editor , businessman and Conservative Party politician .
Karima Souid ; born in Vénissieux is a Tunisiain politician , and a member of the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties ( Ettakatol ) .
Ram Singh Kaswan ( born 10 August 1945 ) is leader of Bharatiya Janata Party and Member of Parliament from Churu in Rajasthan , India .
Ruban Canistus Jayalath Jayawardena(Dr . Jayalath Jayawardena ) MP ( August 16 , 1953 -- May 30 , 2013 ) was a medical doctor who was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka for the opposition United National Party ( UNP ) in 1994 .
Eilert Eilertsen ( 25 February 1918 -- 24 February 2014 ) was a Norwegian footballer , physician and politician for the Conservative Party .
Jane Prentice ( born 22 June 1953 ) , an Australian federal politician , is a member of the Australian House of Representatives since August 2010 , representing the seat of Ryan for the Liberal National Party of Queensland .
Hukam Chand Kachwai was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party and a former member of Lok Sabha from Madhya Pradesh .
Baruch Alberto Barrera Zurita ( born 24 August 1973 in Veracruz , Veracruz ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( formerly to the National Action Party ) .
Manuel Chaves González ( born 7 July 1945 in Ceuta ) is a Spanish politician of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
In 1823 - -1824 , Langdon Cheves was asked to re - enter the political arena as a Democratic - Republican Party candidate for the office of U.S. President in time for the 1824 U.S. Presidential Election ; he turned this offer down .
Lal Bahadur Shastri ( Hindustani : ( laːl bəˈɦaːd̪ʊr ˈʃaːst̪ri ) , listen , 2 October 1904 -- 11 January 1966 ) was the Prime Minister of the Republic of India and a leader of the Indian National Congress party .
Chandrasekera Rohitha Bandara Bogollagama ( born 6 August 1954 ) ( known as Rohitha Bogollagama ) ( Sinhala : රෝහිත බෝගොල්ලාගම , Tamil : ரோகித போகோல்லாகம ) is a Sri Lankan politician and the current Sri Lanka Freedom Party chief organiser for the Kotte Electorate .
Andrew McKenna Jr is a former chairman of the Illinois Republican Party .
Herman Thorson ( December 18 , 1880 -- December 11 , 1960 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the Secretary of State of North Dakota from 1941 to 1942 .
Regina Ip Lau Suk - yee , GBS , JP ( born 24 August 1950 in Hong Kong ) Hong Kong is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( LegCo ) , as well as the co - founder and current chairperson of the New People 's Party and Savantas Policy Institute .
Colonel Sir Leonard Ropner , 1st Baronet , DL MC ( 26 February 1895 -- 12 October 1977 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Carmine DeSopo ( born November 1 , 1940 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served one term in the New Jersey General Assembly , from 1996 to 1998 , where he represented the 7th Legislative District .
Chuo Rung - tai ( Chinese : 卓榮泰 ; pinyin : Zhuó Róngtài ; born 22 January 1959 ) is a Taiwanese politician of the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) .
Mark Killilea , Snr ( 1896 -- 29 September 1970 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Vimal Mundada ( C. 1963 -- 22 March 2012 ) was an Indian politician from Maharashtra belonging to the Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP ) .
James J. Kennedy ( born February 9 , 1953 ) is a Democratic Party politician who is serving as a member of the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 22nd Legislative District since January 2016 .
Paul Holloway ( born 20 August 1949 ) is an Australian politician who represented the South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party in the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Mitchell from 1989 to 1993 , and in the South Australian Legislative Council from 1995 to 2011 .
Samuli Pohjamo ( b. 4 April 1950 , Oulu ) is a Finnish Centre Party politician and journalist .
Arthur Henry Williams ( December 4 , 1894 -- October 4 , 1968 ) was a Canadian trade union organizer and politician who served in both the Ontario legislature and the Canadian House of Commons on behalf of the Co - operative Commonwealth Federation .
Torgeir Anderssen - Rysst ( 9 August 1888 , Ålesund -- 1958 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party .
Adamos Adamou ( born 30 October 1950 in Limassol ) is a Cypriot politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Progressive Party of Working People , sitting with the European United Left--
Helen McEntee ( born June 1986 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician for Meath East , who was elected as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) at the 2013 Meath East by - election .
Jarosław Kalinowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( jaˈrɔswaf kalʲiˈnɔfskʲi ) , born 12 April 1962 ) , is a Polish politician , from the agrarian Polish People 's Party ( PSL ) .
Ernst Däumig ( 1868 - -1922 ) was a German politician and was the co - chairman of both the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany ( USPD ) and Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) .
Youssef Amrani ( Arabic : يوسف عمراني‎ - born 23 September 1953 , Tangier ) is a Moroccan diplomat and politician of the Istiqlal Party .
Jarbom Gamlin ( Hindi : झारबोम घामलिन ; 16 April 1961 -- 30 November 2014 ) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress political party in Arunachal Pradesh .
Aníbal Pérez Lobos ( b. Santa Cruz , Chile , January 20 , 1948 ) is a Chilean lawyer and politician , member of the Party for Democracy ( PPD ) .
Marko Antonio Cortés Mendoza ( born October 17 , 1977 in Zamora , Michoacán ) is a Mexican politician affiliated the National Action Party ( PAN ) who serves in the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress as senator representing the State of Michoacán .
Paul Giesler ( 15 June 1895 -- 8 May 1945 ) was a member of the Nazi Party , from 1941 Gauleiter of Westphalia - South ( Westfalen - Süd ) and as of 1942 also acting Gauleiter of the Gau Munich - Upper Bavaria ( Gau München - Oberbayern ) .
André van der Louw ( The Hague , 9 August 1933 -- Scheveningen , 20 October 2005 ) was a Labour Party ( Netherlands ) politician .
Laurance Lyon ( 1875 -- 12 November 1932 ) was a British Conservative Party politician He was elected Member of Parliament for Hastings at the 1918 general election , but resigned his seat in the House of Commons on 13 April 1921 .
Carmen Fraga Estévez ( born on 19 October 1948 in León ) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament with the People 's Party .
Lê Quang Đạo ( 8 August 1921 -- 24 July 1999 ) was a Vietnamese politician who was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam from 1960 to 1991 .
Caroline Casagrande ( born November 21 , 1976 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 11th Legislative District from January 10 , 2012 to January 12 , 2016 .
Upon the return of the coalition government formed by the Christian Social Party ( CSV ) and the Luxembourg Socialist Workers '' Party ( LSAP ) as a result of the legislative elections of 7 June 2009 , Jean Asselborn retained the offices of Deputy Prime Minister , Minister of Foreign Affairs on 23 July 2009 .
Roland Richer ( born June 23 , 1941 ) is a Canadian politician , who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil electoral district from 2012 to 2014 Richer was formerly a schoolteacher and school principal .
Javier Paniagua Fuentes ( Ceuta , Spain , 1946 ) is a Spanish author and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Sheikh Mohammed Khalid Ibrahim ( Arabic : محمد خالد إبراهيم ‎ , born 2 November 1964 ) is a Bahraini Islamist politician and a member of the Al - Menbar Islamic Society in Bahrain .
Klaus Hanssen ( 23 May 1844 - 19 December 1914 ) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party and the Coalition Party .
Babar Khan Ghauri is senior political leader of Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) .
Yvonne Ruwaida ( born 1970 ) is a Swedish Green Party politician of Palestinian origin .
Rajan Vichare ( Marathi : राजन विचारे ) is an Indian politician and a Shiv Sena member of parliament representing Thane , Maharashtra in the 16th Lok Sabha ( lower house of the Indian Parliament ) .
Anita Apelthun Sæle ( born 13 December 1951 ) is a Norwegian politician who was a member of the Norwegian parliament from 1993 until 2005 , representing the Christian Democratic Party ( KrF ) and the county of Hordaland .
Sulejman Ugljanin ( pronounced ( sulějman ǔɡʎanin ) ; Serbian Cyrillic : Сулејман Угљанин ; born 20 November 1953 ) is a Serbian Bosniak politician , president of the Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak and the Bosniac National Council .
William Murdoch Adamson ( 12 April 1881 -- 25 October 1945 ) was a British Labour politician , and the son of his namesake , the Labour MP and Leader of the Labour Party , William Adamson .
Giorgio Almirante ( 27 June 1914 -- 22 May 1988 ) was an Italian politician , the founder and leader of the Italian Social Movement until his retirement in 1987 .
Knut Henning Thygesen ( born 7 April 1953 in Risør , Norway ) is a Norwegian author and politician for the Red Party .
Benjamín Galván Gómez ( 10 June 1972 -- 28 February 2014 ) was a Mexican businessman and politician of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Angela Crawley ( born 3 June 1987 ) is a Scottish National Party politician .
Veysel Eroğlu ( born 18 August 1948 ) is Minister of Forestry and Water of Turkey and a Member of Parliament for Afyonkarahisar of the ruling Justice and Development Party .
Walid Lounis(born 7 April 1983 ) , is a Tunisian - born Singaporean footballer who plays for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S.League .
Martin Privrel ( born 11 April 1996 ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FK Senica as a defender .
Cameron Legault ( born September 25 , 1974 ) is a former Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played for eight seasons for the Calgary Stampeders , BC Lions , Ottawa Renegades , and Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Colston Weatherington ( born October 29 , 1977 ) is a former American football defensive lineman who played in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys .
Craig Wolfley ( born May 19 , 1958 ) is a former American football player and current sideline reporter for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Chung Kuang - tien ( Chinese : 鍾光田 , born August 13 , 1989 ) is a Taiwanese football goalkeeper who currently plays for National Pei Men Senior High School football team and Tatung F.C ..
Robert Procureur ( born 17 October 1968 in Brussels ) is a Belgian football manager who is currently employed at BEC Tero Sasana F.C. as a general manager in Thailand and is the Technical Director of Myanmar National League team Yadanabon FC .
Claudia Christiane Endler Mutinelli ( born 23 July 1991 ) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Colo - Colo and the Chilean national team .
Jordan Lefort ( born 28 June 1993 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Amiens SC as a defender .
Joël Kimwaki Mpela ( born 14 October 1986 ) is a Congolese footballer , who currently plays for TP Mazembe and the DR Congo national football team as a defender .
Suvi Ollikainen ( born March 6 , 1995 ) is a Finnish ice hockey player for HC Keski - Uusimaa and the Finnish national team .
Liédson continued his career at Clube de Regatas do Flamengo and Sport Club Corinthians Paulista , traditional big clubs at Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo respectively , with relative individual success .
Kayla Banwarth ( born January 21 , 1989 ) is an American indoor volleyball player of Rabita Baku .
Marcell Takács ( born 24 July 1989 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian footballer ( midfielder ) player who currently plays for FC Schötz .
Abdeslam Bousri ( born 28 January 1953 ) is a former Algeria international football forward who played for MC Alger .
Louay Chanko ( Arabic : لؤي شنكو‎ ; born 29 November 1979 ) is a Swedish - Assyrian - born Syrian footballer who plays in midfield for Syrianska FC in the Swedish Allsvenskan .
Donald Ross Brooks ( born October 17 , 1937 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons with the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League .
Francky Sembolo ( born 9 August 1985 ) is a Congolese international footballer , currently playing for German side VfL Osnabrück as a striker .
Adrián Ruiz Ortiz ( born 21 August 1988 in Málaga , Andalusia ) , commonly known as Adri , is a Spanish footballer plays for Lucena CF in Segunda División B , as a left midfielder .
Emilio Sagi Liñán ( born Bolívar , Buenos Aires , Argentina , 15 March 1900 ; died Barcelona , 25 May 1951 ) , was a former footballer who played as a left - winger for FC Barcelona , the Catalan XI and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s .
Ondřej Švaňhal ( born February 12 , 1989 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga .
Antonio Núñez Tena ( born 15 January 1979 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Recreativo de Huelva as a right midfielder .
Renze Fij ( born 26 September 1992 in Enschede ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Heracles Almelo in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Fernando Martínez Rubio ( born 10 June 1990 ) , known simply as Fernando , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Murcia as a goalkeeper .
Rodéric Filippi ( born 25 February 1989 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre - back for Gazélec Ajaccio .
Yendrembam Denechandra Meitei ( born 28 March 1994 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Pune F.C. in the I - League .
Ivan Rajčić ( born 16 April 1981 in Split ) is a Croatian footballer , who currently plays for Italian club Benevento Calcio .
Fahad Al - Ghesheyan is also known as the first Saudi player to play in Europe when he moved to AZ Alkmaar in the Netherlands .
Oleksandr Matvyeyev ( Ukrainian : Олександр Ігорович Матвєєв ; born 11 February 1989 in Poltava , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Oleksandriya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
On 4 March 2012 , Morgan signed for his boyhood club Gloucester Rugby from the Scarlets Ben Morgan
Tychique Ntela Kalema ( born December 12 , 1987 in Kinshasa ) is a DR Congolese football player playing for AS Vita Club .
Rudolf Bester ( born 19 July 1983 in Otjiwarongo ) is a Namibian football striker who currently plays in the South African Premier Soccer League for Golden Arrows on loan from Orlando Pirates .
Serhiy Podryhulya ( Ukrainian : Сергій Васильович Подригуля ; born 5 February 1992 in Lutsk , Volyn Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Aleksandar Kovačević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Ковачевић ; born on 9 January 1992 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for Lechia Gdańsk in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
On December 12 , the Astros traded Willy Taveras , Taylor Buchholz , and Jason Hirsh to the Colorado Rockies for Rockies pitchers Jason Jennings and Miguel Asencio .
Pablo Monsalvo ( born January 17 , 1983 in Roque Pérez , Argentine ) is a footballer who last played for Chacarita Juniors .
Terje Kojedal ( born 16 August 1957 ) is a Norwegian former footballer that played as a defender for HamKam in Norway and FC Mulhouse and US Valenciennes - Anzin in France .
Sebastian Strandberg ( born June 4 , 1992 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL .
Cédric Varrault ( born 30 January 1980 in Blois ) is a French football defender , currently playing for Dijon FCO .
Lee Mossop ( born 17 January 1989 in Whitehaven , England ) is a professional rugby league footballer for English club Wigan Warriors
Bartosz Kopacz ( born May 21 , 1992 in Jastrzębie Zdrój ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for LKS Nieciecza on loan from Górnik Zabrze .
Pekka Saravo ( born November 13 , 1979 in Rovaniemi , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defender who is currently playing for the Tappara of the SM - liiga .
Augustín Paulík ( born 17 July 1982 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who played for FK Inter Bratislava and currently plays for OŠK Chynorany .
Christian Streich ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkʁɪsti̯an ˈʃtʁaɪ̯ç ) ; born 11 June 1965 ) is a former German footballer and current manager of SC Freiburg of the 2 .
Keith Hernandez ( born October 20 , 1953 ) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who played the majority of his career with the St. Louis Cardinals and New York Mets .
Igor Jugović ( born 23 January 1989 ) is a Croatian football midfielder who plays for FC Sheriff Tiraspol in the Divizia Națională .
Felix Gerritzen ( 6 February 1927 -- 3 July 2007 ) was a German footballer who played for VfB Oldenburg and Preußen Münster .
Samantha Wood is an Australian association footballer who plays for Canberra FC Women .
Alusine Kamara ( born 5 September 1989 ) , nicknamed ' Baggio ' , is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Syrianska FC in the Swedish Allsvenskan .
Kenichiro Kogure(born 11 November 1979 ) is a Japanese futsal player who plays for Nagoya Oceans and the Japanese national futsal team .
Dieter Dekelver ( born 17 August 1979 , in Beringen ) is a retired Belgian football player who last played for Lommel United .
A brave utility who poured his heart and soul into the Collingwood Football Club , Rupert Betheras was a crowd favourite amongst the Collingwood faithful between 1999 - -2004 , the latter season marking his delisting from the squad , something which continues to irk Collingwood fans .
Brett Carolan ( born March 16 , 1971 in San Rafael , California ) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for three seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Miami Dolphins .
Rico Hill ( born February 14 , 1977 ) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for the Chicago Steam of the American Basketball Association .
Darko Velkovski ( Macedonian : Дарко Велковски ; born 21 June 1995 in Skopje ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for FK Vardar as a Centre - back or as a central midfielder .
Emery Ruelle was a professional ice hockey player who played for the Marquette Iron Rangers , Waterloo Black Hawks and Green Bay Bobcats of United States Hockey League .
Patrick Cripps ( born 18 March 1995 ) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Luke Miles ( born 30 October 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Swan Districts Football Club in the Western Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Lukáš Pelegríni ( born 10 May 1988 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the DOXXbet Liga club FK Pohronie .
On May 29 , 2009 , Alexander Salák was signed by the Florida Panthers of the NHL .
Thatcher Szalay ( born January 18 , 1979 ) is an American football player of Hungarian origin who has previously played for the NFL on the Baltimore Ravens , Seattle Seahawks , and the Bengals .
Lyndon Hooper ( born May 30 , 1966 ) is a former professional Canadian soccer player and former assistant coach of the Toronto Lynx soccer team of the United Soccer Leagues First Division .
Benjamin Watson ( born December 18 , 1980 ) is an American football tight end for the New Orleans Saints .
Robert Rooney ( born 8 July 1938 ) , known as Bob or Bobby Rooney , is a Scottish former footballer who made 47 appearances in the Football League playing for Sheffield United , Doncaster Rovers and Lincoln City .
Aaron Woods ( born 13 March 1991 ) is an Australian rugby league player who is currently the captain of the Wests Tigers in the NRL .
Cedric Brown ( born May 6 , 1954 in Columbus , Ohio ) , is a former American professional football player who played in 9 NFL seasons from 1976 - 1984 for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Alan Scott Galbraith ( born January 7 , 1967 in Sacramento , California ) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League for nine seasons for the Cleveland Browns , Dallas Cowboys , Washington Redskins , and Green Bay Packers .
Srđan Kljajević ( Cyrillic : Crђaн Kљajeвић , born 23 November 1974 ) is a Montenegrin football goalkeeper who plays for FK Mornar .
Hamad Al Mansor ( Arabic : حمد آل منصور‎ ; born August 19 , 1993 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a Midfielder for Al - Hazm on loan form Najran SC .
Florian Cazalot , ( born 22 April 1985 in Aire - sur - l'Adour , Landes ) is a rugby union player , who plays as prop or hooker for FC Lourdes ( 1.83 m , 106 kg ) .
Nenad Erić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heнaд Epић ; born May 26 , 1982 in Požega ) is a Serbian - born Kazakhstani goalkeeper who plays for FC Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Park Sung - jin ( Hangul : 박성진 ; born 28 January 1985 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Hwaseong FC in K3 League .
Igor Subbotin ( born 26 June 1990 ) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent , who plays as a winger for Polish I liga club Miedź Legnica and the Estonia national football team .
A native of Łódź , Wojciech Łazarek played for Start Łódź , ŁKS Łódź and Lechia Gdańsk .
Allan Evridge ( born June 24 , 1985 ) was a quarterback for the Kansas State Wildcats football team in 2004 and 2005 and the Wisconsin Badgers in 2007 and 2008 .
James Kent Hull ( January 13 , 1961 -- October 18 , 2011 ) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League and United States Football League , more precisely a center for the New Jersey Generals of the USFL and Buffalo Bills of the NFL .
Anders Eggert Magnussen ( born 14 May 1982 ) is a Danish handball player currently playing for SG Flensburg - Handewitt .
Guilherme Costa Marques known as Guilherme ( born May 21 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Legia Warsaw .
Jordan Keith Tandy ( born February 12 , 1989 ) is an American football Safety for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Anton Bengtsson ( born May 13 , 1993 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey Forward currently playing with HV71 in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Matija Dvorneković ( born 1 January 1989 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian football forward , who currently plays for FK Kukësi .
Femi Balogun moved to S.C. Olhanense in 2013/2014 season , he scored his first league goal against S.L. Benfica in Portugal first Division match on the 15th December 2013 .
Bert Foster was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League between 1928 and 1936 for the Richmond Football Club .
Knut Næss ( 11 March 1927 -- 11 September 2015 ) was a Norwegian footballer and manager who coached Rosenborg BK to the club 's first three major trophies : the Norwegian Cup in 1960 and 1964 , and the 1967 League Championship .
Julian Radlein ( born February 6 , 1981 in Kingston , Jamaica ) is a former Canadian Football League fullback who played for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats .
Tanat Nusserbayev ( Kazakh : Таңат Нөсербаев , Tañat Nöserbayev ; born 1 January 1988 ) is a Kazakh footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Wálter Veizaga ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈwalter βeiˈsaɣa ) ; born 22 April 1988 ) is a Bolivian footballer who plays as a midfielder for The Strongest
Alex Monteiro de Lima , simply known as Alex , ( born December 15 , 1988 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for the Houston Dynamo of Major League Soccer .
Paul Sarah ( born 19 December 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Geelong Football Club and Richmond Football Club in the VFL .
Mourad Delhoum ( born October 1987 in Sétif ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as central midfielder for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club JS Kabylie .
Khairul Fahmi Che Mat ( born 7 January 1989 in Kota Bharu , Kelantan ) is a Malaysian goalkeeper who plays for Kelantan FA and the Malaysia national football team .
Anthony Vroblicky ( born July 12 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Telekom Baskets Bonn of the German Basketball League in the 2014 - -15 season .
Warren Skorodenski ( born March 22 , 1960 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a retired former professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks and the Edmonton Oilers in the National Hockey League .
Quim Berto retired in June 2010 at nearly 39 years of age after spending four seasons with F.C. Vizela , the last in division three .
Katalin Pálinger ( born 6 December 1978 in Mosonmagyaróvár ) is a former Hungarian international team handball goalkeeper who plays for Győri Audi ETO KC .
Reda Agourram ( born December 10 , 1990 in Rabat ) , is a Moroccan - Canadian soccer player currently playing for FAR Rabat in the Botola .
David Krause ( born 28 February 1970 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for South Queensland Crushers in the Australian Rugby League and London Broncos in the Super League .
Eduardo Chacon Coelho Lacerda simply known as Du is a Brazilian footballer who is currently playing for Southern Samity in the I - League as a Defender .
Sandy Walsh ( born 14 March 1995 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Belgian K.R.C. Genk .
Dustin Kirby ( born December 12 , 1984 in Mentor , Ohio ) is an American football ( soccer ) defender who is well known for playing for Real Salt Lake .
Seth Joyner ( born November 18 , 1964 in Spring Valley , New York ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles , Arizona Cardinals , Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos .
Ziya Erdal ( born 5 January 1988 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a left wingback for Sivasspor in the Süper Lig .
Krzysztof Pilarz ( born November 9 , 1980 in Nowy Dwór Gdański ) is a professional football goalkeeper from Poland who plays for KS Cracovia in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
Esix Snead ( born June 7 , 1976 in Fort Myers , Florida ) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder for the New York Mets ( 2002 , 2004 ) .
Maja Joščak ( born 4 August 1990 ) is a Croatian football forward , who plays for ŽNK Osijek .
Marcos Caballero is a Paraguayan association footballer for Sportivo Ameliano in the Paraguayan Tercera Division .
David Raine ( born 28 March 1937 ) is an English former footballer who played as a full - back for Port Vale , Doncaster Rovers , Colchester United , and Burton Albion .
Jérémy Deichelbohrer ( born 25 April 1986 in Belfort ) is a French footballer who played for Dijon FCO .
Cristiano Spirito ( born 12 January 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Vigor Lamezia , on loan from Parma .
Christoffer Källqvist ( born August 26 , 1983 ) is a Swedish professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Swedish Allsvenskan Club BK Häcken .
Muhammad Fakhrudin is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesia Super League .
Derek Parlane ( born 5 May 1953 in Helensburgh ) is a former professional football striker who played for Rangers , from 1970 until 1980 .
Ray Snell ( born February 24 , 1958 ) is a former guard in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , most notably , along with the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Prince Osei Owusu ( born 7 January 1997 ) is a German - Ghanaian footballer who plays as a forward for VfB Stuttgart II . On 25 July 2015 Owusu made his first appearance for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3 .
Vincenzo Grifo ( born 7 April 1993 ) is an Italian footballer , born in Germany , who plays as a midfielder for SC Freiburg .
Eppa Rixey Jr. ( May 3 , 1891 -- February 28 , 1963 ) , nicknamed `` Jephtha '' , was an American left - handed pitcher who played 21 seasons for the Philadelphia Phillies and Cincinnati Reds in Major League Baseball from 1912 to 1933 .
Juan Josué Rodríguez ( born 16 January 1988 ) is a Honduran football Midfielder who currently plays for Parrillas One .
Bogusław Hajdas played for Warta Zawiercie , Lotnik Warszawa and AZS - AWF Warszawa .
Adam O'Brien ( born 11 July 1993 ) is a professional rugby league player who is currently contracted to the Bradford Bulls of the Championship Adam hails from Halifax and is a product of the Bulls Junior Development system .
Blaise Bryant ( born November 23 , 1969 ) is a former running back in the Canadian Football League who played with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Andreas Kristler ( born August 30 , 1990 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Gary Wilkins is a former professional American football player who played tight end for six seasons for the Buffalo Bills and Atlanta Falcons
Sattrupai Sri - narong is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thailand Premier League side Osotspa Saraburi F.C ..
Claiford A. Arao , also known as Ford Arao , is a Filipino professional basketball player who lastly played for the Meralco Bolts .
Born in Bissau , Zezinando moved with his parents to Portugal still an infant , and , at the age of 12 , he joined Sporting Clube de Portugal 's famed youth academy .
Mario Tonelli ( March 27 , 1916 -- January 7 , 2003 ) was a professional American football player who played running back for one season for the Chicago Cardinals A sergeant in the US Army 200th Coast Artillery who survived the Bataan Death March .
Alexei Kosourov ( born July 29 , 1979 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays the for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Nicolas Haas ( born 23 January 1996 ) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League .
Yahya Dagriri ( Arabic : يحيى دغريري‎ ; born August 13 , 1993 ) , is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Saudi club Najran SC on loan from Ittihad FC .
Darrell McClover ( born August 25 , 1981 ) is a former American football linebacker , having most recently played for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League .
Clarence Burgess Owens ( born August 2 , 1951 in Columbus , Ohio ) is a retired safety who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the New York Jets and the Oakland Raiders .
Matt Korthuis ( born September 22 , 1981 ) is a Dutch - Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for the Melbourne Ice in the Australian Ice Hockey League .
Nemanja Janičić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Јаничић , born 13 July 1986 ) is a Bosnian Serb footballer playing with FK Napredak Kruševac in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Fábio Alexandre Barbosa Santos ( born 14 November 1992 in Penafiel ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for G.D. Tourizense , as a goalkeeper .
Aquivaldo Mosquera made his debut in 2000 playing for Atlético Nacional .
Felix Elvio Jiménez Rivera ( born January 6 , 1940 in San Pedro de Macorís , Dominican Republic ) is a former Major League Baseball left fielder who appeared in one game for the New York Yankees in 1964 .
Dejan Jakovic ( born 16 July 1985 ) is a Canadian international soccer player who plays for Japanese club Shimizu S - Pulse and the Canadian national team , as a defender .
Julio César Rodríguez López , simply known as Julio ( born 7 December 1995 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón B as a central defender .
Bret Hutchinson ( born 6 March 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and the Subiaco Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Doug Easlick ( born December 4 , 1980 in Mount Holly Township , New Jersey ) is a former American football fullback who played in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins in the 2004 season .
Oscar Espínola ( born 10 May 1976 in Guarape , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Argentino de Quilmes of the Tercera División Argentina and in other clubs of Colombia , Venezuela , Bolivia , Argentina and Chile .
Toccara Williams is a former basketball point guard who played for the WNBA 's San Antonio Silver Stars in the 2004 season .
David Omar Rodríguez Barrera ( born 27 January 1989 ) , commonly known as Deivid , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Córdoba CF as a central defender .
Brodrick Bunkley ( born November 23 , 1983 ) is an American football nose tackle who played most recently for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
After graduating from BYU Katie Larkin was drafted by the Los Angeles Sol of the WPS with the 19th overall pick in 2009 .
Jared Waerea - Hargreaves ( born 20 January 1989 ) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League .
Harry Herbert ( 2 August 1934 -- 19 January 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club and a Victorian policeman .
Kurt Sohn ( born June 26 , 1957 in Ithaca , New York ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for eight seasons for the New York Jets from 1981 to 1988 .
Hal Robl is a former linebacker in the National Football League , who played in two games for the Chicago Cardinals during the 1945 NFL season .
Vladimir Sekulovski ( born October 7 , 1980 in Tetovo ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender for Macedonian Third Football League club FK Osogovo .
Ion Burlacu ( born 3 February 1995 , Chișinău , Moldova ) is a Moldavian football Defender who plays for FC Academia Chișinău .
Perry Griggs ( born September 17 , 1954 in Lafayette , Alabama ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver in 1977 for the Baltimore Colts .
Tevin Slater is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines footballer who plays for Parham FC of the Antigua and Barbuda Premier Division .
Sammy Winder ( born July 15 , 1959 ) is a former professional American football running back who spent his entire professional career playing for the Denver Broncos , from 1982 to 1990 .
Frank Wayne Marsh ( born June 19 , 1940 in La Grande , Oregon ) , is a former professional American football defensive back in the American Football League for the San Diego Chargers .
Jay Parker ( July 8 , 1874 -- June 8 , 1935 ) was a starting pitcher who played briefly for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1899 season .
Essam Ali is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Centre forward for Ismaily SC .
Michalis Papanikolas ( Greek : Μιχάλης Παπανικόλας ; born 28 March 1993 ) is a Greek footballer , who currently playing for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. in the Football League 2 as a Centre back .
Hedda Strand Gardsjord ( born 28 June 1982 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a right - back for Toppserien club Røa IL and the Norway national team .
Amir Karaoui ( born August 3 , 1987 ) is an Algerian international footballer who plays for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Sébastien Cantini ( born 31 July 1987 ) is a French professional football player who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 side Paris FC .
Brandon Bennett ( born February 3 , 1973 in Greenville , South Carolina ) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Carolina Panthers .
Yusif Rahman ( born 26 January 1993 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Cypriot Second Division side PAEEK Kerynia as a forward .
Jimmy Suparno is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiram Raja Ampat as a midfielder .
Davor Bratić ( born 1 May 1987 , Vukovar ) is a Croatian footballer who currently plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
In July 2008 , Josemi signed for RCD Mallorca .
Daniel Senn ( born 17 September 1983 ) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as defender for FC Tuggen .
Christian Ruuttu grew up in Pori , where he attended the Swedish - speaking Björneborgs svenska samskola comprehensive school while playing for the Ässät Finnish Elite League club .
Sieme Zijm ( born 25 January 1978 in Den Helder , North Holland ) is a former Dutch footballer who last played for FC Emmen .
Joe Panos ( born Zois Panagiotopoulos on January 24 , 1971 ) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and Buffalo Bills .
Ville - Matti Koponen ( born January 4 , 1984 in Lahti ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Kiekko - Laser of the Mestis .
Joel Stelly ( born January 13 , 1984 ) is a former American football player who most recently played Chicago Bears of the National Football League .
Nerea Pena Abaurrea ( born 13 December 1989 ) is a Spanish handball player who plays for the Hungarian team Ferencvárosi TC .
Marvin Stefaniak ( born February 3 , 1995 ) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Dynamo Dresden .
Kennys Vargas ( born August 1 , 1990 ) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball designated hitter and first baseman for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Felipe Montemayor ( born February 7 , 1928 in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico ) is a former outfielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates in Major League Baseball .
Fernando Currás Gallego ( born 19 February 1977 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current manager of UD Melilla .
Rob Abiamiri ( born December 21 , 1982 in Randallstown , Maryland ) is an American football tight end who most recently played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
At the age of 12 , Nayim left his hometown of Ceuta and joined FC Barcelona 's youth academy La Masia , as the main squad was managed by Terry Venables , but had very few first - team opportunities over the course of two seasons .
Stuart Benson ( born 12 February 1981 ) is a bobsledder who competes for Team GB , and an avionics technician in the Royal Air Force .
Duchess Maria Dorothea of Württemberg ( Maria Dorothea Luise Wilhelmine Caroline ; 1 November 1797 in Carlsruhe ( now Pokój ) , Silesia -- 30 March 1855 in Budapest , Hungary ) was the daughter of Duke Louis of Württemberg ( 1756 - -1817 ) and Princess Henriette of Nassau - Weilburg ( 1780 - -1857 ) .
The name Rus ' is often conflated with its Latin forms Russia and Ruthenia , thus Belarus is often referred to as White Russia or White Ruthenia .
Lamport 's bakery algorithm is a computer algorithm devised by computer scientist Leslie Lamport , which is intended to improve the safety in the usage of shared resources among multiple threads by means of mutual exclusion .
The Zamboni pile ( also referred to as a Duluc Dry Pile ) is an early electric battery , invented by Giuseppe Zamboni in 1812 .
First Canadian Place ( originally First Bank Building ) is a skyscraper in the financial district of Toronto , Ontario , at the northwest corner of King and Bay streets , and is the location of the Toronto operational head office of the Bank of Montreal .
Stalinism is the means of governing and related policies implemented by Joseph Stalin .
The Rhein - Wupper - Bahn is a Regionalbahn service in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Shewhart Medal , named in honour of Walter A. Shewhart , is awarded annually by the American Society for Quality for ... outstanding technical leadership in the field of modern quality control , especially through the development to its theory , principles , and techniques .
Reaganomics ( /reɪɡəˈnɒmɪks/ ; a portmanteau of Reagan and economics attributed to Paul Harvey ) refers to the economic policies promoted by U.S. President Ronald Reagan during the 1980s .
Spinozism ( also spelled Spinoza - ism or Spinozaism ) is the monist philosophical system of Baruch Spinoza which defines `` God '' as a singular self - subsistent substance , with both matter and thought being attributes of such .
Heinrich Heine prize of Düsseldorf Heinrich Heine prize of the Ministry for Culture of the former GDR , which was assigned until 1990 Heinrich Heine Prize of the `` Heinrich - Heine - Gesellschaft '' at Hamburg
School of Stolyarsky ( for gifted children ) is a music school established in Odessa , Ukraine ( former USSR ) in 1933 by the initiation and vision of the eminent violin pedagogue Pyotr Stolyarsky .
The Hume - Rothery rules , named after William Hume - Rothery , are a set of basic rules that describe the conditions under which an element could dissolve in a metal , forming a solid solution .
The Einstein field equations ( EFE ; also known as `` Einstein 's equations '' ) are the set of 10 equations in Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity that describes the fundamental interaction of gravitation as a result of spacetime being curved by matter and energy .
The Laurent series was named after and first published by Pierre Alphonse Laurent in 1843 .
Fed Cup is the premier international team competition in women 's tennis , launched in 1963 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the International Tennis Federation ( ITF ) .
In atomic physics , Hund 's rules refers to a set of rules that German physicist Friedrich Hund formulated around 1927 , which are used to determine the term symbol that corresponds to the ground state of a multi - electron atom .
The Taxil hoax was an 1890s hoax of exposure by Léo Taxil intended to mock not only Freemasonry but also the Roman Catholic Church 's opposition to it .
In geometry , the Euler line , named after Leonhard Euler ( /ˈɔɪlər/ ) , is a line determined from any triangle that is not equilateral .
USS Grayling ( SSN-646 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the fifth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the grayling .
Ebstein 's anomaly was named after Wilhelm Ebstein , who in 1866 described the heart of the 19-year - old Joseph Prescher .
Hilbert 's eleventh problem is one of David Hilbert 's list of open mathematical problems posed at the Second International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris in 1900 .
The Wittig reaction was discovered in 1954 by Georg Wittig , for which he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1979 .
In British politics , the term Blairism refers to the political ideology of former leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister Tony Blair , who left both positions in 2007 to become Envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East .
The Hubble sequence is a morphological classification scheme for galaxies invented by Edwin Hubble in 1926 .
Rubicline , also referred to as Rb - microcline , is the rubidium analogue of microcline , an important tectosilicate mineral .
Suburban Madness is very loosely based on the true story of 44-year - old Clara Harris a successful Texas dentist and mother of young twins , who hired private investigator Bobbi Bacha , played by actress Sela Ward , to spy on her philandering orthodontist husband .
Jae Deal is an American composer , arranger , music producer and orchestrator in various genres including pop , gospel , and hip hop .
' Lalgudi ' G. J. R. Krishnan ( born 15 April 1960 ) is a well - known Carnatic violinist , vocalist and composer .
In 1856 , Sioeli Nau was selected to lead the missionary group .
Sandy Rass is a British songwriter / producer of Fast Food Rockers and others , and a singer , dancer and actor .
George de la Peña is an American ballet dancer , musical theatre performer , choreographer , actor , and teacher .
Borislava Botusharova ( Bulgarian : Борислава Ботушарова ) ( born 26 November 1994 ) is a current Old Dominion University women 's tennis player .
Nathan U. Salmon ( né Nathan Salmon Ucuzoglu in 1951 ) is an American philosopher in the Analytic tradition , specializing in metaphysics , philosophy of language , and philosophy of logic .
Ben Jongejan ( born January 9 , 1985 , Leidschendam ) is a Dutch long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Thomas David Jones ( born January 22 , 1955 ) is a former United States astronaut .
Kristin Hersh ( born August 7 , 1966 ) is an American singer , songwriter and author .
Nathaniel A. Buchwald ( July 19 , 1924 -- July 14 , 2006 ) was an American neuroscientist , educator and administrator , who was Professor of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences and Neurobiology at the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
Antoš Frolka ( June 13 , 1877 - June 8 , 1935 ) , was a Czech painter of folk scenes .
Levi Cook ( December 16 , 1792 -- December 2 , 1866 ) was an American business and politician who served two terms the mayor of Detroit , Michigan , and one in the Michigan House of Representatives .
Michael Henss is a Swiss art historian , scholar and writer focussing on Asian art - with a stress on Tibet and East Asia .
TN Deo ( full name and birthdate unknown ) was an Indian cricketer who played for Holkar .
Edward Binyon ( 1830?-1876 ) , was a British landscape painter
Pam Barrett ( November 26 , 1953 -- January 21 , 2008 ) was a politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta as a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party .
James Trujillo , better known by his stage name Jay Tee , is a rapper , songwriter and producer from Vallejo , CA .
Hirsch Bär Fassel ( 1802 - 1883 ) ( also known as Hirsch Baer Fassel or Hirsch B. Fassel ) was an influential rabbi and philosopher .
Na Tae - joo ( born December 21 , 1990 ) is a South Korean actor , singer and taekwondo practitioner .
Roger Hazard is an American designer , television presenter , and producer best known as the home stager and designer on Sell This House .
Dani Romain is a Canadian screenwriter and television producer , who has been the writing and production partner of George F. Walker in the television series This Is Wonderland , The Line and Living in Your Car , and the film Niagara Motel .
Laauli Leuatea Polataivao is a Samoan politician and Deputy Speaker of the Samoan Parliament .
Jacob Philadelphia was a Jewish magician , physicist , mechanic , juggler , astrologer , alchemist , and Kabbalist .
Burnell Taylor ( born April 14 , 1993 ) is an American singer , who came in seventh place on the twelfth season of American Idol .
István Marosi ( born April 5 , 1944 in Ózd ) is a Hungarian former handball player .
His father , also named Federico Trillo , was a politician during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco .
Eric Fellner , CBE ( born 10 Oct 1959 ) is an English film producer .
Ri Kyong - ok ( Korean : 리경옥 ; born January 3 , 1980 in Pyongyang ) is a North Korean judoka , who competed in the women 's extra - lightweight category .
Tadeusz Iwaniec ( born on October 9 , 1947 in Elbląg ) is a Polish - American mathematician , and since 1996 John Raymond French Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Syracuse University .
Derek Miles ( born September 28 , 1972 ) is an American pole vaulter , from Tea , South Dakota .
Saul Almeida ( born June 4 , 1989 ) is a Brazilian - American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the featherweight division for the World Series of Fighting .
Adam Ty Dean Smith ( better known as Adam Dean Smith ) is an automobile designer .
Shane Luitjens is a graphic designer , photographer , and writer based in New York City .
Dovi Frances ( born November 20 , 1978 ) is an international financier , an entrepreneur , and president of SG residing in Malibu , California .
Sir Christus ( born Jukka Kristian Mikkonen , April 10 , 1978 ) is a Finnish guitarist , best known as the former rhythm guitarist of the glam rock band Negative .
Krikor Agathon ( born 26 November 1900 , date of death unknown ) was an Egyptian sport shooter and fencer .
Ángel Garó ( La Línea de la Concepción , January 12 , 1965 ) is a Spanish actor and comedian .
Paľo Bielik ( December 11 , 1910 -- April 23 , 1983 ) , also known as Jan Bukva , was a Slovak film director , screenwriter and actor .
Matt Rees is a Welsh novelist and journalist .
Shannon Leto ( /lɛtoʊ/ ; born March 9 , 1970 ) is an American musician and songwriter who gained fame as the drummer for Thirty Seconds to Mars .
Rob Landeros is a computer game designer and graphic artist .
Peter Reno was a prolific musical composition partnership between Peter Taylor ( composer ) and his business associate , Cliff Twemlow .
Cathryn Jakobson Ramin is an American journalist , investigative reporter , and author .
Lowell Mason ( January 8 , 1792 -- August 11 , 1872 ) was a leading figure in American church music , the composer of over 1600 hymn tunes , many of which are often sung today .
Kage Baker ( June 10 , 1952 -- January 31 , 2010 ) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer .
Anders Burström ( born January 28 , 1976 in Luleå ) is a Swedish ice hockey player currently playing for Luleå HF in Swedish Elitserien .
Sextius Alexandre François de Miollis ( Aix , September 18 , 1759 -- Aix , June 18 , 1828 ) was a French military officer serving in the American Revolutionary War , the French Revolutionary Wars , and the Napoleonic Wars .
Charles Smith ( born September 30 , 1985 ) , better known as Blaqstarr or DJ Blaqstarr , is a Baltimore , Maryland area rapper , singer , producer and DJ . He is best known for his work with M.I.A ..
Wendy Perron is a dancer , choreographer , and teacher who was the Editor in Chief of Dance Magazine from 2004 to 2013 .
Christian Fenger ( November 3 , 1840 -- March 7 , 1902 ) was a Danish - born surgeon , pathologist , and medical instructor .
Ralph Stanley gave his opinion on Bill Monroe 's apparent change of heart : `` He ( Bill Monroe ) knew Carter would make him a good singer ...
John de Barton ( fl . 1304 ) was an English judge .
Clotilde Rullaud is a French singer , songwriter and composer .
Donald Montgomery ( January 19 , 1808 -- July 31 , 1893 ) was a farmer and politician from Prince Edward Island .
Josh Fix is a South African - born American singer - songwriter , composer , multi - instrumentalist and producer .
Louis Moyse ( pron . moh - EEZ ; August 14 , 1912 -- July 30 , 2007 ) was a famous French flute player and composer .
Isabel Toledo ( born April 9 , 1961 ) is a Cuban - American fashion designer based in New York .
Wilson Pickett ( March 18 , 1941 -- January 19 , 2006 ) was an American R&B , soul and rock and roll singer and songwriter .
Terry Kubicka ( born April 3 , 1956 in Long Beach , California ) is an American retired figure skater .
John Tregoning ( c. 1845 - -c . 1920 ) was an American mechanical engineer , inventor and business manager from Lynn , Massachusetts , known for writing one of the very first books on factory operations in 1891 .
Ronald Malfi is an American novelist whose genres include horror , thrillers , mainstream , and literary fiction .
Thomas Milani ( born April 13 , 1952 ) is a Canadian - born former Italian professional and Olympic ice hockey player .
Soara - Joye Ross , previously known as Joy Ross , Joye Ross , Joy E. T. Ross , and also known as Soara - Joyce Ross ( because of her name being misspelled ) is a notable American actress and singer .
Pier Paolo Maggiora , is an Italian architect .
J. B. Lenoir /ləˈnɔːr/ ( March 5 , 1929 -- April 29 , 1967 ) was an American blues guitarist and singer - songwriter , active in the 1950s and 1960s Chicago blues scene .
Jack Darkins was a British tennis player , who played in the 1946 Wimbledon Championships in singles .
Cléoma Falcon ( née Breaux ) ( May 27 , 1906 -- April 8 , 1941 ) was an American guitarist and vocalist who , along with her husband Joe Falcon , recorded one of the first known examples of Cajun music .
Yehoram Gaon ( Hebrew : יהורם גאון ) ( informally , Yoram Gaon ) ( born December 28 , 1939 ) is an Israeli singer , actor , director , producer , TV and radio host , and public figure .
Shota Malashkhia ( Georgian : შოთა მალაშხია ; born 17 September 1962 ) is a Georgian politician and the member of the Parliament of Georgia of the 8th convocation from the United National Movement party ( UNM ) .
Dr. Thomas Wynne ( July 20 , 1627 -- March 17 , 1691 ) was personal physician of William Penn and one of the original settlers of Philadelphia in the Province of Pennsylvania .
Richard Wiley ( born November 19 , 1944 ) is an American novelist and short story writer whose first novel , Soldiers in Hiding won the 1987 PEN / Faulkner Award for Fiction .
Jorge Ángel Livraga Rizzi ( September 3 , 1930 -- October 7 , 1991 ) was an Argentinian poet , novelist , philosopher , essayist , educator and lecturer of Italian heritage best known for having founded and directed New Acropolis , an international philosophical educational and cultural organisation , which is considered as a sect in some countries .
Charles Chalmers is a saxophonist , session musician , backup singer , songwriter and producer .
Karel Wellner ( March 5 , 1875 in Unhošť -- June 14 , 1926 in Olomouc ) was a Czech graphic artist , painter , cartoonist , illustrator , art historian and critic .
Vince O'Brien ( c. 1919 -- June 19 , 2010 ) was an American character actor , who appeared as a doctor in Woody Allen 's film Annie Hall and appeared on television and in print ads as the Shell Answer Man .
Lars Ulrik Mortensen is a Danish harpsichordist and conductor largely in Baroque solo and chamber music and Early music repertory .
Mary Hiester Reid ( born Reading , Pennsylvania , 1854 ; died Toronto , Ontario , 1921 ) was an American painter and teacher .
Peter Sailly ( April 20 , 1754 -- March 16 , 1826 ) was a politician and public official from Plattsburgh , New York .
Elsie Janis ( March 16 , 1889 -- February 26 , 1956 ) was an American singer , songwriter , actress , and screenwriter .
Lumen Martin Winter ( December 12 , 1908 -- April 5 , 1982 ) was an American muralist , sculptor , painter and mosaic artist .
Manjunath Mural , ( born 10 May 1973 ) is the executive chef of The Song of India restaurant in Singapore and has won several awards as a chef and for The Song of India .
Shoojit Sircar ( Bengali : সুজিত সরকার ) is an Indian film director and producer .
Rafael Suárez ( born 23 March 1972 ) is a Venezuelan Olympian fencer and USA international team fencer .
Nick Flynn ( born January 26 , 1960 ) is an American writer , playwright , and poet .
Kim Massie is an African - American blues and soul singer who performs mostly in her native St. Louis , Missouri .
Artie Matthews ( November 15 , 1888 -- October 25 , 1958 ) was a songwriter , pianist , and ragtime composer .
Bonnie Rotten ( born Alaina Hicks on May 9 , 1993 ) is an American pornographic actress , feature dancer , fetish model , director , and producer .
Helmuth Gräff ( born April 12 , 1958 in Gars am Kamp ) is an Austrian painter , poet and drawer .
Frederick William Wilson ( 26 March 1844 -- 26 May 1924 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician and newspaper owner .
Omair Ahmad is an Indian writer whose book Jimmy the Terrorist was shortlisted for the 2009 Man Asian Literary Prize .
Moshe Koussevitzky ( Hebrew : משה קוסביצקי‎ , Polish : Mosze Kusewicki ; June 9 , 1899 , Smarhoń - August 23 , 1966 , New York ) was a cantor and vocalist .
Louis Braun ( 1836 - -1916 ) was a German painter , mostly of battle scenes .
John Henry Waddell ( born February 14 , 1921 ) is an American sculptor , painter and educator .
Ellis Clary ( September 11 , 1916 -- June 2 , 2000 ) , nicknamed `` Cat '' , was an American professional baseball player , coach and scout .
David Blocker ( born May 4 , 1955 ) is a film producer and the son of actor Dan Blocker .
Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes ( died 1st century BC ) was a Roman politician who was elected consul in 71 BC .
Luiz Philipe Lins ( born August 17 , 1985 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist , who competes in the Light Heavyweight division .
Giorgi Nakashidze ( გიორგი ნაკაშიძე ; born on July 23 , 1971 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a Georgian film , Television and stage actor .
Chris Mandia is an American playwright , screenwriter , film director , and Iraq War veteran from San Pedro , California .
Bruce M. Mitchell ( November 16 , 1883 -- September 26 , 1952 ) was an American film director and writer active during the silent film era from 1914 to 1934 .
Arsher Ali is a British actor who rose to prominence after playing the role of Hassan Malik in the Chris Morris - directed comedy film Four Lions .
Paul Grof is a psychiatrist in Canada who was a member of the World Health Organization committee that evaluated ecstasy .
Kila Haoda is a Papua New Guinean politician , owner of the March Girls Resort on Gaire black beach .
Mansour Seck is a blind Senegalese singer and musician born in Podor , in the north of the country .
John R. Cherry III is an American film director and screenwriter , most notable for directing movies starring Jim Varney as Ernest P. Worrell .
Jeffrey Lesser is an U.S. based historian of Latin America who , as of 2010 , is the Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor and chair of the History Department at Emory University .
Alan Shacklock ( born 20 June 1950 ) is an English musician , composer , arranger and recording producer who currently lives and works in Nashville , Tennessee .
Dara Daivari ( born April 30 , 1984 ) is an American professional wrestler , currently performing on the independent circuit as Shawn Daivari .
Giovanni Battista Rogeri ( ca . 1642 -- ca . 1710 ) was an Italian luthier , who for much of his mature life worked in Brescia .
Neil M. Cohen ( born February 11 , 1951 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1994 to 2008 ( and also from 1990 - 1991 ) , where he represented the 20th Legislative District .
Claire Rachel Wilkinson , better known by her stage name Clairity is an American singer and songwriter signed to Lava Records .
Tiberiu Popoviciu ( 1906 - -1975 ) was a Romanian mathematician and the namesake of Popoviciu 's inequality and Popoviciu 's inequality on variances .
George C. Mathews was an American economist who served as a member of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Franklin Delano Roosevelt from 1934 to 1940 .
Jeff Tamarkin is an American editor , author and historian specializing in music and popular culture .
Franca Iacovetta is a `` feminist / socialist '' historian of labour and migration currently working at the University of Toronto .
Chris Gainor is a historian of technology specializing in space exploration and aeronautics .
Joseph Zähringer ( often written Josef , March 15 , 1929 -- July 22 , 1970 ) was a German physicist .
Ferenc Csentery ( December 29 , 1937 - November 7 , 2014 ) was an abstract metal sculptor known for his conceptual work related to the emergence of the US Space Program in the 1960s .
Peesapati Narasimha Murty ( Telugu : పీసపాటి నరసింహమూర్తి ) ( July 10 , 1920 - September 28 , 2007 ) was a Telugu stage actor .
Peter Payne ( c. 1380 -- c. 1455 ) was an English theologian , diplomat , Lollard and Taborite .
Nugent Grant was a legendary Madras lawyer of British origin who served in the Madras High Court .
Kate Elliott is the pen name of American fantasy and science fiction writer Alis A. Rasmussen ( born 1958 ) .
In 1968 Astra Klovāne graduated from the Latvian University Foreign Language Faculty and worked as a journalist .
Robin Swann is a politician in Northern Ireland who was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011 .
Maria Claire Adorna ( born July 13 , 1993 ) is a professional Filipina triathlete and swimmer .
Melvin Spencer Newman ( March 10 , 1908 -- May 30 , 1993 ) was an American chemist , Ohio State University professor , best known for inventing the Newman projection .
David Delmar Watson ( July 1 , 1926 -- October 26 , 2008 ) was an American child actor and news photographer .
Henry Czerny ( /ˈtʃɛərni/ ; born February 8 , 1959 ) is a Canadian film , stage and television actor , best known for his role as Conrad Grayson on the ABC primetime soap opera Revenge .
Anson Williams ( born September 25 , 1949 ) is an American actor and director , best known for his role as gullible but well - intentioned singer Warren `` Potsie '' Weber on the television series Happy Days .
Malcolm David Kelley ( born May 12 , 1992 ) , sometimes credited as just Malcolm Kelley , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and actor .
Kevin Rodney Sullivan ( born August 3 , 1958 ) is an American film and television actor and film director .
Mary Lea Johnson Richards ( August 20 , 1926 -- May 3 , 1990 ) was an American heiress , entrepreneur , and Broadway producer .
Stephen Wilcox , Jr. ( February 12 , 1830 -- November 27 , 1893 ) was an American inventor , best known as the co - inventor ( with George Herman Babcock ) of the water - tube boiler .
Radha Cuadrado ( born December 13 , 1976 ) , popularly known as Radha Tinsay or simply as RADHA , is a Filipino singer and songwriter best known as an original member of the international hip - hop group Kulay ( previously known as `` Boom '' ) and was also part of the group `` 14-K '' .
Bernat de Palaol or de Mallorques ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bərˈnad də pəɫəˈɔɫ ) ) ( fl . 1386 ) was a Catalan troubadour and merchant from Majorca .
Dennis DeYoung ( born February 18 , 1947 ) is an American singer , songwriter , musician and producer best known for being a founding member of the rock band Styx as lead vocalist and keyboardist , a tenure that lasted from 1970 until June 1999 .
Thangeswary Kathiraman is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament .
Ankur Poseria ( born March 16 , 1987 ) is an Indian - American swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Hajnalka Tóth ( born 27 August 1976 ) is a Hungarian fencer , team World champion in 1999 and 2002 , team European champion in 2001 .
Ahron Young is an Australian journalist currently serving as the Melbourne bureau chief and anchor for Sky News Australia .
Dustin Patrick Runnels ( born April 11 , 1969 ) is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to WWE under the ring name Goldust .
Klaus Merz , ( born October 3 , 1945 in Aarau , canton Aargau ) is a Swiss writer .
Justus Doolittle ( simplified Chinese : 卢公明 ; traditional Chinese : 盧公明 ; Pinyin : Lú Gōngmíng ; Foochow Romanized : Lù Gŭng - mìng ; June 23 , 1824 - June 15 , 1880 ) was an American Board missionary to China .
Esther Gentle was a New York City sculptor , painter , printmaker , and gallery manager .
Bevan Davies is an American musician best known as the drummer for the groups Still Rain , Madfly , Comes with the Fall and Danzig while he is currently a member of MonstrO , a group he formed with former members of Bloodsimple and Torche .
Vidadi Isgandarov is an Azerbaijani human rights activist and politician .
Tara Nelson is a Canadian television journalist and news anchor , and most recently was the European bureau chief for Global Television Network 's news division .
Ralph Randles Stewart ( April 15 , 1890 -- November 6 , 1993 ) usually referred to as R. R. Stewart , was an American botanist who spent his career teaching and studying plants in Pakistan .
Mary McDermott ( fl . 1832 ) was an Irish poet .
Solomon Bundy ( May 22 , 1823 -- January 13 , 1889 ) was an attorney and politician , a United States Representative from New York .
In 2014 , he was made a Member of the Order of Ontario in recognition for being a gifted singer and songwriter who has performed across the globe using his success to raise millions of dollars through the Justin Hines Foundation for dozens of charities throughout the world .
Aurélie Malaussena is a retired French artistic gymnast .
Pilar Zeta is an Argentinean artist , graphic designer , and fashion designer best known for her surrealist album covers .
Zang Maoxun ( Chinese : 臧懋循 ; pinyin : Zāng Màoxún ; 1550 - -1620 ) was a Ming dynasty Chinese playwright and drama theorist from Changxing , Zhejiang province .
Bartolomeo Marchionni ( late 15th to early 16th century ) was a Florentine merchant established in Lisbon during the Age of Discovery .
Hao Weiya ( Chinese 郝维亚 , born Xian ) is a Chinese composer .
A. B. Walawalkar was an Indian Railway engineer who was the founder of Konkan Railway .
Petros Serghiou Florides is a Greek physicist who has worked in Ireland .
Kid Lavigne became a professional boxer in 1886 and was undefeated with 32 wins , 11 draws , 10 no decisions and 1 no contest in his first 54 fights over a span of 12 and 1/2 years .
Luciano Quiñones Lugo ( born June 22 , 1948 ) , is a pianist and a composer of Modern Puerto Rican Danzas .
Michael Maniaci ( born in 1976 ) is an American opera singer .
Jennifer Roos ( born July 17 , 1971 ) is the head women 's basketball coach for the Bowling Green Falcons women 's basketball team .
Mohit Chauhan ( born 11 March 1966 ) is an Indian singer , most known for his work as a playback singer for Bollywood movies as well as the former front - man of the Indipop band Silk Route .
Anat Blumenfeld is an Israeli research biochemist at Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem .
Johann Hildebrand , also Hildebrandt ( June 1614 in Pretzsch an der Elbe -- July 5 , 1684 ) was a German composer , organist , and poet .
She used the name Ruth VanSickle Ford , when it was unusual to maintain the maiden surname , because she would often get notes intended for Ruth Ford , a local strip - tease artist .
Daniel Pearl ( October 10 , 1963 -- February 1 , 2002 ) was a journalist with American and Israeli citizenship .
Jimmy Hamilton ( May 25 , 1917 -- September 20 , 1994 ) was an American jazz clarinetist , tenor saxophonist , arranger , composer , and music educator , best known for his twenty - five years with Duke Ellington .
Fesshaye Yohannes ( born c. 1955 , death year unknown ) was an Eritrean journalist who founded the weekly journal Setit and was a recipient of the Committee to Protect Journalists ' 2002 International Press Freedom Award .
Michael French ( born Michael Clark ) is an English actor , known for his roles as David Wicks in EastEnders , and consultant Nick Jordan in Casualty and former cardiothoracic registrar in its spin - off series Holby City .
Alejandro Wehner was an Argentinian film director .
Elizabeth T. Stefanics ( born November 9 , 1950 ) , known as Liz Stefanics , is an American politician from New Mexico , currently serving on the Santa Fe County Commission .
Jean - Marie Tjibaou ( January 30 , 1936 -- May 4 , 1989 ) was a leader of the Kanak independence movement and a politician in New Caledonia .
Joe M. O'Connell is an American novelist , short story writer , photographer and journalist based in Austin , Texas .
Sir Frederick William Borden , KCMG , PC ( May 14 , 1847 -- January 6 , 1917 ) was a Canadian politician .
Wendilyn Marielle Caitlin Brennan ( born February 14 , 1969 ) , better known by her stage name Cait Brennan , is an American singer - songwriter , pianist , guitarist and screenwriter .
Prior to the break - out performance of `` Thrift Shop '' , Wanz was a full - time software test engineer for companies such as Microsoft , Adapx , and Volt .
Delmer J. Yoakum ( December 6 , 1915 -- October 25 , 1996 ) was an American fine artist , oil and watercolor painter , designer , serigrapher , Disneyland and Hollywood motion picture studio scenic artist .
Pinjala Ananda Rao was an Indian film producer known for his work in Telugu cinema .
Daphna Greenstein ( Hebrew : דפנה גרינשטיין‎ ; born 1952 ) is an Israeli Architect and Landscape architect .
Jeet Singh is an Indian - American business entrepreneur and singer , musician and songwriter .
In the manuscripts , the writer is variously named as Julius Florus , Lucius Anneus Florus , or simply Annaeus Florus .
Chike Obi ( April 17 , 1921 -- March 13 , 2008 ) was a Nigerian politician , mathematician and professor .
Frank L. Anderson ( born January 19 , 1957 ) is an American animator , director , author , and musician .
Oisin Gough ( born 4 April 1989 ) is an inter - county senior hurler with Dublin and Cuala .
Liz Hengber is an American songwriter and musician based in Nashville , Tennessee .
John C. Dearie ( born March 23 , 1940 ) is an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Amos Henry Worthen ( 1813 - 1888 ) was an American geologist and paleontologist from Illinois .
Antonella Scanavino Crespo ( born October 30 , 1992 in Maldonado ) is a Uruguayan swimmer , who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events .
Another plate , of The Last Judgment , is signed `` Cornelis Boel fecit '' , with no indication of the name of the painter .
Richard H. Collin ( born Richard Harvey Collin ; March 4 , 1932 -- January 19 , 2010 , or January 20 , 2010 ) was an American historian , university professor , food critic , and cookbook writer .
Kevin C. Fitzpatrick ( born January 10 , 1966 ) , is an American historian and non - fiction writer .
Alicia Douvall ( born Sarah Howes ) is an English model , and reality TV participant .
Diego Rafecas is an Argentine actor and director .
Rachel Amanda ( born January 1 , 1995 ) is an Indonesian child actress and singer .
Paul Severson ( 1929 -- May 20 , 2007 ) , was an American music arranger and composer who wrote some of the most recognizable commercial music of our time .
Zera Luther Tanner ( December 5 , 1835 -- December 16 , 1906 ) , sometimes spelled Zero , was an American naval officer , inventor , and oceanographer .
Charles Ethan Porter ( c. 1847 -- March 6 , 1923 ) was an American still life painter and among relatively few African Americans of the nineteenth and early 20th century to work as a professonal artist .
Kevin Dwight Daniels Jr. , known as Kevin Daniels ( born December 9 , 1976 ) , is an American actor who started his career with a supporting role in the 1998 film Twelfth Night , or What You Will by director Nicholas Hytner .
Sudhir Pattnaik is a journalist and a social activist from Orissa , India .
Malgorzata Nowacka ( born 1984 ) is a Canadian contemporary choreographer and dancer .
Abdul Ghafoor ( Urdu : عبد الغفور‎ ) , also known as Ghafer Shahzad , is a Pakistani architect .
Surajit Chaudhuri is a computer scientist best known for his contributions to database management systems .
Simbo Olorunfemi is a Nigerian poet , journalist , and business person with a background in TV production and brand management .
H. F. Lowe ( full name and dates unknown ) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire .
Wally Vernon ( 1905 -- March 7 , 1970 ) was an American comic and character actor and dancer .
Julia Powers is a Russian - American ballroom dancer , and was born in St. Petersburg , Russia .
Gale Wilhelm ( April 6 , 1908 -- July 11 , 1991 ) was an American writer most noted for two books that featured lesbian themes written in the 1930s :
Don Friday ( born April 17 , 1968 ) is an American college basketball coach , and the former head men 's basketball coach at Saint Francis University , being named to the post in April 2008 .
Bob Weinstock ( October 2 , 1928 -- January 14 , 2006 ) was an American record producer best known for his label Prestige Records , established in 1949 , which was responsible for many significant jazz recordings during his more than two decades operating the firm .
Lawrence Clark Powell ( September 3 , 1906 - -March 14 , 2001 ) was a librarian , literary critic , bibliographer and author of more than 100 books .
Glen Alvelais ( born February 22 , 1968 ) is a heavy metal lead guitarist from the San Francisco Bay Area .
Jane Fonda ( born Jayne Seymour Fonda ; December 21 , 1937 ) is an American actress , writer , political activist , former fashion model and fitness guru .
Raymond Lefèvre ( November 20 , 1929 -- June 27 , 2008 ) was a French easy listening orchestra leader , arranger and composer .
William Lee Barefield III ( born December 17 , 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Trip Lee , is an American Southern rapper , singer , poet , and author .
Pete Hamill ( born June 24 , 1935 ) is an American journalist , novelist , essayist , editor and educator .
Jean Habel ( born January 9 , 1988 ) is a Canadian politician in Quebec , who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election .
Marcos Witt ( born May 19 , 1962 ) is an American Christian singer and pastor .
Mohammad Saba'aneh ( Arabic : محمد سباعنة ‎ ) ( born in Jenin district in 1978 ) is a Palestinian painter and caricaturist from Jenin district .
Jerome Solon Felder ( June 27 , 1925 -- March 14 , 1991 ) , known as Doc Pomus , was an American blues singer and songwriter .
Nayanthara started dating actor - director Prabhu Deva in 2008 .
Gianni Lunadei ( May 1 , 1938 -- June 17 , 1998 ) was an Italian Argentine actor .
Peter Paul Fix ( March 13 , 1901 -- October 14 , 1983 ) was an American film and television character actor , best known for his work in Westerns .
Jan Mikulicz - Radecki ( German : Johann Freiherr von Mikulicz - Radecki ) was a Polish - Austrian surgeon .
Sheila D. Wheat is an Atlanta - based singer of jazz , theater and gospel inspiration .
Alfredo Da Silva ( born February 20 , 1935 ) is a painter , graphic artist , and photographer , known for his abstract expressionism .
Ruben Santiago - Hudson ( born November 24 , 1956 ) is an American actor , playwright , and director who has won national awards for his work in all three categories .
Mary Ann Hanway was an eighteenth - century travel writer and novelist .
John Gidding ( born January 7 , 1977 ) is a Turkish - American architect , television personality , and former fashion model .
Ann Hui On - Wah , MBE ( traditional Chinese : 許鞍華 ; simplified Chinese : 许鞍华 ; pinyin : Xǔ Ānhuá ; Hepburn : Kyo Anka ; born 23 May 1947 ) is a Hong Kong actress , director , producer and occasional screenwriter .
Laudadio Rambaldo ( late 14th century ) was an Italian painter active in Ferrara , also known as Rambaldo di Ferrara .
John Stagliano ( born November 29 , 1951 ) , also known as Buttman , is an American entrepreneur , former pornographic actor , producer and director , who founded and owns the Evil Angel pornographic film studio .
Rudolf Fitzner ( May 4 , 1868 -- February 2 , 1934 ) was an Austrian violinist and music teacher .
Dick Power was a Welsh professional heavyweight boxer .
Li Xuemei ( Chinese : 李雪梅 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xuěméi ; born February 1 , 1977 in Guanghan , Sichuan ) is a retired Chinese sprinter .
Michael Wookey ( March 23 , 1983 ) is an English singer - songwriter and composer born in Southampton .
Leonard Kleinrock ( born June 13 , 1934 ) is an American engineer and computer scientist .
James P. Crutchfield ( born 1955 ) is an American mathematician , and physicist .
Anna Sui ( tc : 蕭志美 , sc : 萧志美 , pinyin : Xiāo Zhìměi , jp : アナスイ ) ( born August 4 , 1964 ) is an American fashion designer .
Heinrich Koebner ( German spelling Köbner ) ; ( December 2 , 1838 -- September 3 , 1904 ) was a German - Jewish dermatologist born in Breslau .
Kit Oppus ( born Ann Mariquit Derito - Oppus ) is a Filipino politician in Tagbilaran City , Bohol , Philippines .
Jean Pierre Trevor ( also known as `` JP Trevor '' ) is an American contemporary artist and production designer .
Mario Trujillo García ( January 21 , 1920 -- January 10 , 2007 ) was a Mexican politician who served as Governor of Tabasco .
Dominique Piotet is a French author , journalist and consultant residing in San Francisco , California .
Aharon Lichtenstein ( May 23 , 1933 -- April 20 , 2015 ) was a noted Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva .
James Michael Reaves ( born September 14 , 1950 ) is an American writer , known for his contributions as scriptwriter and story editor to a number of 1980s and 1990s animated television series , including Disney 's Gargoyles and Batman :
Quincy Tahoma ( 1921 - -1956 ) was a Navajo painter from Arizona and New Mexico .
The Reverend Ernest Frederick Waddy , known as Mick Waddy , ( 5 October 1880 -- 23 September 1958 ) was an Australian clergyman , schoolmaster and a cricketer who played first - class cricket before the First World War for New South Wales and then from 1919 to 1922 in England for Warwickshire .
Lyman James Briggs ( May 7 , 1874 -- March 25 , 1963 ) was an American engineer , physicist and administrator .
Ned Crotty ( born September 26 , 1986 ) is a MLL professional lacrosse player , formerly of the NCAA Division I college lacrosse team in Duke University .
Edgardo Enríquez Frödden ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eðˈɣarðo enˈrikes ) ; February 9 , 1912 - November 1 , 1996 ) was a Chilean physician , academic and minister of education under the Salvador Allende government .
Jamaluddin Ahmed ( born January 5 , 1977 in Jessore , Khulna ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who has played in one ODI , in 2003 .
Tina Louise ( born Tina Blacker , February 11 , 1934 ) is an American actress , singer , and author .
Lyon Gardiner Tyler , Sr . ( August 24 , 1853 -- February 12 , 1935 ) was an American educator and historian .
James McGrigor Allan ( 1827 - after 1890 ) was a British anthropologist and writer .
Adrienne King ( born July 21 , 1955 ) is an American actress , dancer and painter .
Debora Green ( née Jones ; February 28 , 1951 ) is an American physician who pled no contest to setting a 1995 fire which burned down her family 's home and killed two of her children , and to poisoning her husband with ricin with the intention of causing his death .
Renee Schulte ( born December 9 , 1970 ) is an American politician who is the Iowa State Representative for the 37th District .
Augusto De Marsanich ( April 13 , 1893 -- February 10 , 1973 ) was an Italian National Fascist Party politician and the second leader of the Italian Social Movement ( MSI ) .
Darshan Jariwala ( Gujarati : દર્શન જરીવાલા ) ( born 29 September 1958 ) is a Gujarati film , television and stage actor .
J Boy is a singer and songwriter from Mount Isa . He is a former member of Native Ryme Syndicate and released his solo debut CD in 2002 .
Rafael Natal Diniz Franca ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁafaˈew naˈtaw ) ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the UFC .
Andre Lindal ( born February 19 , 1977 ) is a Norwegian songwriter , record producer and musician from Oslo , now based in Los Angeles .
Harry Shannon ( born December 4 , 1948 ) is an American novelist , songwriter and entertainer .
Cesare Baglioni ( c. 1525 - -1590 , born in Bologna ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period .
Michael - Leon Wooley ( born March 29 , 1971 ) is an American television , film , voice and theatre actor , singer and activist .
Hammad Siddiqi ( born July 29 , 1979 ) is a U.S.A based Pakistani economist , banker and social commentator .
Oded Fehr ( Hebrew : עודד פהר‎ ; born on November 23 , 1970 ) is an Israeli film and television actor now based in the United States .
Lance Timothy Evers ( born April 3 , 1969 ) , known professionally by his ring name Lance Storm , is a Canadian professional wrestler .
Carol Selman is a historian , writer , and teacher who has served on the New Jersey Historical Commission , the state agency that preserve the historical record of the state .
August Johann Gottfried Bielenstein ( Latvian : Augusts Bīlenšteins ) ( March 4 , 1826 -- July 6 , 1907 ) was a Baltic German linguist , folklorist , ethnographer , and theologian .
Johnny DiCarsano ( born Johnathan Giuseppe DiCarsano in Connecticut , May 2 , 1981 -- April 26 , 1997 , Brooklyn , New York ) was an American actor .
Rick Kriseman ( born August 2 , 1962 ) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as the Mayor of St. Petersburg , Florida .
Ida Lilliard Reed ( November 30 , 1865 -- July 8 , 1951 ) was an American religious writer and music composer from Barbour County , West Virginia .
Beatriz Ramo ( January 11 , 1979 , Zaragoza ) is a Spanish architect and urbanist living and working in Rotterdam where she opened her own architecture firm STAR strategies + architecture in 2006 .
Adrian Lamo ( born February 20 , 1981 ) is a Colombian - American threat analyst and former hacker .
Solomone Naivalu is a former Fijian politician , who served in Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase 's Cabinet as Minister for Health from 2001 to 2006 .
Thomas Philander Ryder ( June 29 , 1836 - December 2 , 1887 ) was an American composer , organist , teacher , conductor , and organ builder .
Grigori Mints ( June 7 , 1939 -- May 29 , 2014 ) was a Russian philosopher and mathematician who worked in mathematical logic .
Paul Fong ( Chinese : 方文忠 ; pinyin : Fāng Wénzhōng ) ( born August 5 , 1952 ) is an American politician .
Ruth Stone ( June 8 , 1915 -- November 19 , 2011 ) was an American poet , author , and teacher .
Blackbear Bosin ( June 5 , 1921 -- August 9 , 1980 ) was a Comanche - Kiowa sculptor and painter , also known as Tsate Kongia .
Simone Balsamino ( Venice , fl . 1590s ) was an Italian composer , poet and dramatist .
Michael Mazo is a film director , writer and producer whose works are mainly in the action , horror and science fiction genres , but whose work also includes a documentary about ice hockey .
Hidetaka Monma ( 門馬秀貴 ) ( October 23 , 1973 ) , is a Japanese mixed martial artist .
Daniel Bernard Roumain ( known by his initials , DBR ) is a classically trained composer , performer , violinist , and band - leader noted for blending funk , rock , hip - hop and classical music into an energetic and experiential sonic form .
Andrew Shipp ( born 10 July 1979 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Fremantle in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) between 1999 and 2002 .
Victor Zagainov ( May 31 , 1953 - October 5 , 2002 ) was a hot air balloon pilot and astronomer from Kazakhstan .
Kent Broadhurst ( born February 4 , 1940 ) is an American actor , playwright , and screenwriter .
Justin A. Nylander is an American born author and photographer .
Mike Jimenez is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division .
Donald Eugene Ulrich ( August 15 , 1941 -- July 17 , 1974 ) , best known by the stage name Don Rich , was a country musician who helped develop the Bakersfield sound in the early 1960s .
Pavel Khodorkovsky ( born June 14 , 1985 ) is a Russian businessman and political activist who has lived in the United States since 2003 .
Henry White Edgerton ( October 20 , 1888 -- February 23 , 1970 ) was a United States federal judge who served on the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit .
Ross Friedman ( born January 3 , 1954 , in the Bronx , New York ) , also known as Ross the Boss , is a guitarist , known as a founding member of both the punk band The Dictators , and the heavy metal band Manowar .
Donald A. Coggan is an American engineer and consultant in the field of value engineering .
Trinidad Silva , Jr. ( January 30 , 1950 -- July 31 , 1988 ) was an American comedian and character actor , who played small supporting roles in a number of films of the 1980s .
Franklin Benjamin Sanborn ( December 15 , 1831 -- February 24 , 1917 ) was an American journalist , author , and reformer .
Francis Kyte ( active 1710 - 1744 ) was an English engraver and portrait painter .
Frank Ferera ( June 12 , 1885 - June 26 , 1951 ) was a Hawaiian musician who recorded successfully between 1915 and 1930 .
Emin Efendiyev , professionally known as Emin Efendi , ( Azerbaijani : Emin Əfəndi ) is an Azerbaijani hip hop record producer and television presenter from Baku , Azerbaijan .
Isaac Hasson is a professional musician , songwriter and record producer who is active in Los Angeles .
Anjan Sundaram is a journalist and the author of two books , Stringer :
Filipe La Féria ( born May 17 , 1945 in Vila Nova de São Bento ) is a Portuguese theatre director and producer and screenwriter and producer for television .
Anthony Dryden Marshall ( born Anthony Dryden Kuser ; May 30 , 1924 -- November 30 , 2014 ) was an American theatrical producer and C.I.A. intelligence officer and ambassador .
Marjorie Decker is an American politician serving as the State Representative for the 25th Middlesex district in the Massachusetts General Court .
Karen Franklin is an American forensic psychologist based in the San Francisco Bay Area who has researched the psychology of violence .
Erin Moran , better known by her stage name , A Girl Called Eddy , is an American soul pop singer / songwriter born in Neptune , New Jersey , USA and currently living in England .
Her stage credits are sometimes confused with those of her daughter , Rosalie King , Jr. , a child actor turned educator .
Justin Brady is a British actor who is best known for playing Billy in The Lakes , James Dewar in Peak Practice , a paramedic in Holby City and he has guest starred in Shameless .
Dr Mohammad Ali Sahraian is a prominent neurologist and international researcher currently working in Sina hospital which is affiliated to Tehran University of Medical Sciences .
Natalie Warner ( born December 19 , 1989 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and producer from Los Angeles , CA .
Cătălin Cherecheș ( born July 7 , 1978 ) is a Romanian politician who is currently serving as mayor of Baia Mare since 2011 .
Jon Kral ( born 1946 ) is a photographer born in Florida and presently living in Boone , North Carolina .
Abdul Razaque ( born August 17 , 1978 , Johi , Dadu , Sind , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani computer scientist , now based in the U.S. , and is expert in designing any type of mathematical models particularly for the disaster recovery process in the field of wireless Sensor Network .
Agboola Shadare is an international songwriter , composer and producer .
Velmurugan is a South Indian film playback singer , who shot to fame with folk songs like Madura in Subramaniapuram and Aadungada in Naadodigal and the recent Otha Sollala in Aadukalam .
Tara Kamangar is a classical pianist and composer based in New York City .
Edward Mote was a pastor and hymn writer .
Burt Wilson ( born January 24 , 1933 ) is a philosopher , writer , broadcaster , jazz musician , political activist , playwright , and former advertising executive .
Tomáš Čermák ( born February 8 , 1943 in Ostrava ) is a Czech engineer and rector of VŠB --
John Swaffer ( November 10 , 1851 -- July 26 , 1936 ) was an English cricketer who played for Kent during the 1873 season .
Mark Anthony Cooper ( April 20 , 1800 -- March 17 , 1885 ) was a United States Representative , businessman and lawyer from Georgia .
Arthur Housman ( October 10 , 1889 -- April 8 , 1942 ) was an American actor in films during both the silent film era and the Golden Age of Hollywood .
Brian Richard , also known as MonkeyMan , ( born January 5 , 1979 ) is an American pop artist and graphic designer .
Jason Rohrer ( born November 14 , 1977 ) is an American computer programmer , writer , musician , and game designer .
Anthony Peckham is a South African born American screenwriter and producer .
Chantal Strand ( born October 15 , 1987 ) is a Canadian actress , singer , and writer .
Sarah Bear Elizabeth Wishnevsky ( born September 22 , 1971 ) is an American author who works primarily in speculative fiction genres , writing under the name Elizabeth Bear .
Paolo Di Vecchia ( * October 29 1942 in Terracina ) is an Italian theoretical physicist who worked in the field of elementary particle physics , quantum field theory and string theory .
John - Henry Butterworth is an English screenwriter who has co - written several screenplays with his brother Jez Butterworth .
Tom Nowicki is an American actor who has appeared in several feature films , television series , mini - series and movies of the week .
Barry Graham Purkis , more commonly known as Thunderstick ( born 7 December 1954 ) , is an English drummer who wore various masks and used to perform on - stage closed in a cage .
Ivo Indzhev ( Bulgarian : Иво Инджев ) is an independent Bulgarian journalist , blogger and former TV presenter .
Yehuda Hanani is an international soloist , recording artist , Israeli - American cellist and Professor of Violoncello at the University of Cincinnati College - Conservatory of Music .
Gamal Fahnbulleh is an English broadcast journalist and presenter employed by Sky News .
Bill Pere , a multiple - award - winning singer , songwriter , producer , musician , author , and playwright , was named one of the `` Top 50 Innovators , Groundbreakers , Iconoclasts , and Guiding Lights of the Music Industry '' by Music Connection Magazine in December 2008 .
Blathmac mac Con Brettan was an Irish fíle ( poet ) and monk whose floruit was around 760 .
Alan Friedman ( born in New York , April 30 , 1956 ) is an American journalist , author and former media executive .
Curtis John Arceneaux ( October 25 , 1947 -- November 25 , 2011 ) better known by the name Coco Robicheaux , was an American blues musician and artist , from Ascension Parish , Louisiana , United States .
John Weir Troy ( October 31 , 1868 -- May 2 , 1942 ) was an American Democratic politician who was the Governor of Alaska Territory from 1933 to 1939 .
Frank Cho , born Duk Hyun Cho , is a Korean - American comic strip and comic book writer and illustrator , known for his series Liberty Meadows , as well as for books such as Shanna the She - Devil , Mighty Avengers and Hulk for Marvel Comics , and Jungle Girl for Dynamite Entertainment .
Tim Saunders is a Cornish language poet who also writes poetry and journalism in the Welsh , Irish , Breton and Cornish languages .
Calvin Veltman is an American sociologist , demographer and sociolinguist at the Université du Québec à Montréal .
Justin Fox ( born January 28 , 1964 ) is an American financial journalist , commentator , and writer born in Morristown , New Jersey .
Georges Renavent ( April 23 , 1894 -- January 2 , 1969 ) was an American actor in film , Broadway plays and operator of American Grand Guignol .
Gerhard Schulz ( June 1 , 1931 -- October 2 , 2008 ) was a German equestrian who competed in the sport of eventing .
Marla Shapiro is a Canadian medical doctor , best known as a health journalist for CTV News Channel and The Globe and Mail .
Peggy J. Kleinplatz is a Canadian clinical professor , psychologist , and sexologist whose work often concerns optimal sexuality , opposition to the medicalization of human sexuality , and outreach to marginalized groups .
Storm Calysta ( born Shannon Behm on February 23 , 1993 in Chicago , Illinois , is an American electronic indie musician , singer , and songwriter .
Scott Fischman ( born 1980 in Langhorne , Pennsylvania ) is an American professional poker player based in Las Vegas , Nevada .
David Brendan Hopes ( born 1950 in Akron , Ohio ) is an American author , playwright , and poet .
Guy LeBlanc ( October 16 , 1960 -- April 27 , 2015 ) was a Canadian keyboardist and composer .
Tinka Milinović ( born 27 November 1973 ) is a Bosnian television star and personality , opera singer , recording artist , best - selling author , entrepreneur , philanthropist , actress , and model who appeared on the covers of numerous magazines in Europe .
Meshell Ndegeocello ( /mɪˈʃɛl ndɛˈɡeɪoʊtʃɛloʊ/ ; born Michelle Lynn Johnson , August 29 , 1968 ) is an American singer - songwriter , rapper , bassist , and vocalist .
Thomas James Hurst is an American photographer , pastor , and entrepreneur / inventor .
Francesco Antonio Bufalini was a draftsman , copper plate engraver and architect from the circle of Carlo Fontana , working in Rome and Urbino .
Paula Bronstein is an award - winning photojournalist who entered the profession in 1982 in Providence , Rhode Island .
David Wolfenberger ( born April 19 , 1969 in Tuscola , Illinois ) is a singer - songwriter from Cincinnati , Ohio .
Athanasia Alexopoulos is a Canadian professional wrestler , best known by her ring name She Nay Nay .
Natasha Katz is a lighting designer for the theatre , dance , and opera .
Martin Davorin - Jagodić is a Croatian contemporary music composer and educator born in Zagreb in 1935 .
Xavier Richards ( born 25 May 1993 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Sarah Rebecca Parish ( November 1 , 1869 - August 22 , 1952 ) known as Rebecca Parrish was an American medical missionary and physician in the Philippines .
Michael Fawcett , a former senior valet to Charles , Prince of Wales who today consults on various royal projects .
Major Rajasthani ( Punjabi : ਮੇਜਰ ਰਾਜਸਥਾਨੀ/ ) was a noted Punjabi singer - songwriter of Punjab , India .
Fritz Walther Meissner ( German : Meißner ) ( December 16 , 1882 -- November 16 , 1974 ) was a German technical physicist .
Robin Devenish is a retired physicist at the University of Oxford .
Dan Pinto is a BMI composer / keyboardist / drummer - percussionist who writes and performs music in the styles of Jazz - Fusion and orchestral Film score and Soundtrack .
Stephanie Robison ( born August 5 , 1976 ) is the professional name of Stephanie Robison Baggs , a sculpture artist based in Portland , Oregon .
Pedro Preux was born in Paris to Roberto Preux , a painter and Sonia Lernau , a sculptor and tapestry weaver .
Jan Klimek ( born June 12 , 1953 ) is a Polish politician , best known as a President of Democratic Party ( Stronnictwo Demokratyczne ) from 1998 to 2002 .
Kirk Jones ( born November 3 , 1973 ) , better known by his stage name Sticky Fingaz , is an American rapper , actor , film director , and record producer .
Hubert Keller is a noted French chef , who is known for his signature restaurants , Fleur de Lys in San Francisco and Las Vegas .
Tini Tom is an Indian film actor and mimicry artist .
Rikko Voorberg ( born 1980 ) is a Dutch theologian and minister .
Donald J. Metz ( May 18 , 1924 -- May 9 , 1999 ) was a nuclear engineer at Brookhaven National Laboratory .
I m Sang - soo ( born April 27 , 1962 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter .
Billy Aronson is an American playwright and writer best known for coming up with the original concept of the rock opera Rent , which was based on Puccini 's opera La bohème ) .
Mohamed Zouaoui ( Arabic : محمد الزواوي‎ ) , is a Tunisian - born actor living in Italy . In 2004 he made his first appearance on the television , gets his first role in the TV miniseries Posso chiamarti amore ? .
Dr. Tariq Mustafa ( born 1934 ) is a Pakistani mechanical engineer with a first class honors degree from London University specializing in nuclear and space technology .
Heinrich Kuhl ( September 17 , 1797 -- September 14 , 1821 ) was a German naturalist and zoologist .
Miguel Zenón ( born December 30 , 1976 ) is an alto saxophonist , composer , bandleader , music producer and educator living in New York City , USA .
Man - Chung Tang Ph.D. , P.E. , Dist . M.ASCE , NAE , is a notable American civil engineer and businessman .
Sam McVey or Sam McVea ( May 17 , 1884 -- December 23 , 1921 ) was a Hall of Fame heavyweight boxer who fought during the early 20th century .
Robert Perkinson is an American historian and Associate Professor of American Studies at the University of Hawai``i at Mānoa . He is the author of Texas Tough : The Rise of a Prison Empire ( Metropolitan Books / Henry Holt , 2010 ) .
Joseph Hopkinson ( November 12 , 1770 -- January 15 , 1842 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania , and later a United States federal judge .
Pete Podgorski is a former amateur and professional light middleweight boxer , as well as a boxing official .
Lee T. Bashore ( died September 14 , 1944 ) was a United States Republican politician , who served in the California legislature .
Diphan or Deepan is a Malayalam film director .
Per Carlqvist ( b. July 25 , 1938 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish plasma physicist with an interest in astrophysical applications .
Thomas Negovan ( born November 8 , 1971 ) is a writer , musician , and art historian who lives and works in Chicago .
Jesse Moynihan ( born January 4 , 1978 ) is an American artist , composer and director who is best known for being a writer and storyboard artist on the animated television series Adventure Time as well as being the creator of the graphic novel Forming .
Laurie Hays is an American journalist at Bloomberg News , where she currently serves as senior executive editor for beat reporting .
Naomi Hirahara ( born 1962 ) an American writer and journalist .
Marco Micone ( born 1945 ) is an Italian - Canadian playwright and journalist .
John Bunny ( September 21 , 1863 -- April 26 , 1915 ) was an American actor and was one of the first comic stars of the motion picture era .
Kefeng Liu ( Chinese : 刘克峰 ; born December 1965 ) , is a Chinese mathematician .
Cris Gunther is an American singer , composer , producer , actor and dancer .
Joseph Attard Kingswell ( July 25 , 1925 -- January 21 , 2002 ) was a Maltese trade unionist and diplomat .
Larry E. Beutler ABPP is a clinical psychologist .
Stephen Campbell Moore ( born Stephen Moore Thorpe ; 30 November 1977 ) is an English actor , best known for his roles in the Alan Bennett play The History Boys and its subsequent film .
Stephen J. Dubner ( born August 26 , 1963 ) is an American journalist who has written seven books and numerous articles .
Zhang Binglin ( December 25 , 1868 -- June 14 , 1936 ) , also known as Zhang Taiyan , was a Chinese philologist , textual critic , philosopher , and revolutionary .
Jason Piper is a British actor who voiced the part of the centaur Bane in the fifth film adaptation of the Harry Potter books :
Deb Mukherjee ( or Mukherji ) ( Bengali : দেব মুখার্জি ) is a Bengali Indian actor .
Bruce Adolphe ( born May 31 , 1955 ) is a U.S. composer and music scholar , the author of several books on music , and pianist .
Girolamo Montesardo ( fl . 1606 - -c . 1620 ) was an Italian singer and composer .
Claudia Chan Shaw is an Australian - born fashion designer and television presenter of Chinese ancestry .
Willard Van Orman Quine ( /kwaɪn/ ; June 25 , 1908 -- December 25 , 2000 ) ( known to intimates as `` Van '' ) was an American philosopher and logician in the analytic tradition , recognized as `` one of the most influential philosophers of the twentieth century . ''
Tamás László ( born October 29 , 1950 ) is a Hungarian architect and politician , who served as Mayor of the 15th district of Budapest between 2010 and 2014 .
Stanley Weiss is an American professional poker player residing in Nashville , Tennessee .
Ernest Edwin Sechler was an aerospace engineer and scientist who specialized in thin - shell structures .
Him Mark Lai ( Chinese : 麥禮謙 ; pinyin : Mài Lǐqiān ) ( November 1 , 1925 San Francisco -- May 21 , 2009 ) was an internationally renowned activist and historian of Chinese America , a highly respected leader of the community , and prolific writer .
Wirt Dexter Walker was a Chicago lawyer ( born September 1 , 1860 died April 24 , 1899 ) He was the son of successful Chicago attorney James M. Walker and Eliza M. Walker and was named after Wirt Dexter , the junior partner at his father 's firm Walter VanArman & Dexter .
Serena Wilson ( August 8 , 1933 -- June 17 , 2007 ) , often known just as `` Serena '' , was a well - known dancer , choreographer , and teacher who helped popularize belly dance in the United States .
Lisa Fonssagrives ( May 17 , 1911 -- February 4 , 1992 ) , born Lisa Birgitta Bernstone was a Swedish fashion model widely credited as the first supermodel .
Caroline Thompson ( born April 23 , 1956 ) is an American novelist , screenwriter , film director , and producer .
Kay Redfield Jamison ( born June 22 , 1946 ) is an American clinical psychologist and writer .
Hudson Marquez is a painter , storyteller , writer , and video artist , whose work includes many paintings , installations with the art collective Ant Farm , the Cadillac Ranch and TVTV video productions .
Clifford Clark ( April 18 , 1889 -- December 27 , 1952 ) was a Canadian professor , economist and civil servant .
Joel Bernal Galicia ( born December 6 , 1965 ) is a Mexican Luchador , or professional wrestler , better known under the ring name Olímpico .
Ron Vaudry is a Canadian comedian who has also worked extensively in the United Kingdom .
Mauricio Kleiff ( March 14 , 1931 -- March 23 , 2010 ) was a Mexican screenwriter best known for writing the scripts of the television programs El show de los Polivoces and Los Beverly de Peralvillo .
Tsui Kam Kong ( born October 12 , 1961 ) , also known as Elvis Tsui , is a Chinese actor based in Hong Kong .
John James Appleton ( September 22 , 1792 -- March 4 , 1864 ) was an American diplomat who served the United States in several European countries .
Russ Warren ( born 1951 ) is a contemporary figurative painter who has exhibited extensively throughout the U.S. and abroad , notably in the 1981 Whitney Biennial and the 1984 Venice Biennale .
On Monday 9 May 2011 Ironik performed for The Queen and other members of the Royal Family at Buckingham Palace with dance group Flawless & singer Sarah Jane Skeete .
In World War II espionage , Rudolf Roessler ( Rößler ) ( b.22 November 1897-d.11 December 1958 ) was the central ( and mysterious ) figure in the Lucy spy ring .
Edei ( real name Emma Deigman ) is a 27-year - old English singer - songwriter , named by Hello !
Johny Asadoma ( born January 8 , 1966 ) is a former Indonesian amateur boxer .
Antoine Tempé is a French born photographer who has done works in New York City , West Africa and France .
Peter Grudzien is an American country / psychedelic singer - songwriter , photographer , commercial artist , musician and recording engineer .
Hilaire Penet ( born 1501 ? ) was a French composer of the Renaissance , who worked for at least the earlier part of his life in Rome .
William Tappan Thompson ( August 31 , 1812 -- March 24 , 1882 ) was an American writer who co - founded the Savannah Morning News in the 1850s , known then as the Daily Morning News .
Leonard Foglia ( born August 24 , 1954 ) is an American theatre director , librettist , and novelist .
Carlos Gamarra Ugaz is a Peruvian politician and attorney .
He was the writer and narrator of the 1990 PBS documentary L.A. is It with John Gregory Dunne , in which he guided viewers through the cultural landscape of Los Angeles .
Jasper Kirkby is a British experimental particle physicist currently with CERN .
Willis M. Rivinus is an author , preservation activist and historian whose interests center on the Delaware Canal and Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Bala Ganapathi William is an Indian actor , anchor and producer of Indian origin in Malaysian Tamil Cinema / Malaysian Indian Cinema .
Leopold Blonder ( 1893 - -1932 ) was an Austrian art director active in the silent and early sound eras .
Senele Dlamini ( born April 1 , 1992 in Lobamba ) is a Swazi swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events .
Aman Verma ( born Eleven October 1971 ) is an Indian television anchor and an actor .
Rufa Mi ( born María Krista Aguilar on April 8 , 1988 ) is a Filipina stand - up comedian , presenter , actress , and singer .
Cuthbert Daniel ( August 27 , 1904 -- August 8 , 1997 ) was an American industrial statistician .
Victor Mills ( March 28 , 1897 -- November 1 , 1997 ) was a chemical engineer for the Procter & Gamble company .
Mark Millon ( born May 17 , 1971 ) is an American lacrosse player who last played for the Rochester Rattlers of Major League Lacrosse .
Alan M. Bolle ( born October 16 , 1958 ) is an American artist best known as The Springman for his Chicago - based work incorporating springs into media as varied as cars , clothes , and music .
Gabriel Goity ( born c. 1960 ) is an Argentine theatrical , film and television actor .
Nathan Marcuvitz ( born December 29 , 1913 in Brooklyn , New York , d. February 14 , 2010 in Naples , FL ) , was an American electrical engineer , physicist , and educator who worked in the fields of microwave and electromagnetic theory .
John Wilson Campbell ( February 23 , 1782 -- September 24 , 1833 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio , and a United States federal judge .
Okab Sakr or Oakab Saker ( born 4 March 1975 ) is a Lebanese journalist and politician , lost his father before he was born during the beginning of the Lebanese civil war .
Hsiao Bi - khim ( Chinese : 蕭美琴 ; pinyin : Xiāo Měiqín ; Wade -- Giles : Hsiao1 Mei3-ch'in2 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Siau Bí - khîm ; born August 7 , 1971 ) is a Taiwanese politician and member of the Legislative Yuan .
Roger Fawcett - Tang is a British graphic designer with a special interest in book design and calendars .
Joe Mabbott is an American record producer and studio audio engineer who has worked with many independent and mainstream artists of the 1990s 2000s and 2010s including Atmosphere , Snoop Dogg , Brother Ali , Cloud Cult and The Matches .
Julian Peto is an English statistician and cancer epidemiologist .
Todd Nauck is an American comic book artist and writer .
Greg Hollimon ( born May 2 , 1956 ) is an actor best known for his work on Comedy Central 's Strangers with Candy .
Robert Cushman Murphy ( April 29 , 1887 -- March 20 , 1973 ) was an American ornithologist and Lamont Curator of birds at the American Museum of Natural History .
James H. Knowlton was a politician and lawyer .
Mariana Mazzucato ( born June 16 , 1968 ) is an economist , with dual Italian and American citizenship .
In the late 1990s , Kurt Ballou was working as a biomedical engineer when his then project got cancelled .
Leee Black Childers ( July 24 , 1945 -- April 6 , 2014 ) was an American photographer , writer and rock music manager , who `` recorded the legacy of a theatrical cross over between rock music and gay culture '' .
Paul Gertler ( born March 30 , 1955 ) is an American economist and the Li Ka Shing Distinguished Professor of Economics in the Haas School of Business and the School of Public Health at UC Berkeley .
Robert Landers ( born January 6 , 1944 ) is an American cattle farmer and golfer who gained fame in 1995 by playing on the Senior PGA Tour .
Michael Stal ( born 1963 in Munich ) is German computer scientist .
Tom Chantrell ( born Thomas William Chantrell in Manchester on December 20 , 1916 - July 15 , 2001 ) was a British illustrator and film poster artist .
Alain Vanzo ( April 2 , 1928 -- January 27 , 2002 ) was a French opera singer and composer , one of few French tenors of international standing in the postwar era .
Kellita Smith ( born January 15 , 1969 ) is an American comedian , model and actress , best known for her role as Wanda McCullough in the Fox sitcom The Bernie Mac Show ( 2001 - 2006 ) .
Lizzie Armanto is an American professional skateboarder
Marc Klaw , ( born Marcus Alonzo Klaw , May 29 , 1858 -- June 14 , 1936 ) was an American lawyer , theatrical producer , theatre owner , and a leading figure of the Theatrical Syndicate .
Li Jinhui ( September 5 , 1891 -- February 15 , 1967 ) was a composer and songwriter born in Xiangtan , Hunan , Qing China .
Peter Ronson ( April 22 , 1934 -- January 16 , 2007 ) , born Pétur Rögnvaldsson , was an Icelandic - born athlete and actor .
Natalia Baranova - Masalkina ( born February 25 , 1975 in Krivosheino , Tomsk Oblast ) is a former Russian cross - country skier who has competed from 1994 to 2006 .
Lombardo Boyar is an American stand - up comedian , actor , voice artist , and comedian .
Vojtech Čelko ( * 27 July 1946 , Bratislava ) is a Slovak historian .
Christina Katrakis ( December 16 , 1980 ) is an American curator , writer , sculptor , painter , narrator of Ukrainian origin , and founder of International Academy of Arts in 2005 which is now based in Munich , Germany .
Anna Pendleton Schenck ( January 8 , 1874 - April 29 , 1915 ) was an architect .
Charles Edward Hubbard ( 1900 - -1980 ) was a British botanist , specialising in agrostology -- the study of grasses ; he was considered `` the world authority on the classification and recognition of grasses '' .
Mario Bauzá ( April 28 , 1911 -- July 11 , 1993 ) was a Afro - Cuban jazz musician .
Rune Eriksen ( born January 13 , 1975 ) is a Norwegian Spellemann - award winning musician and composer .
Joseph Pedlosky ( born 1938 ) is an American physical oceanographer .
Hadia Bentaleb ( Arabic : هادية بن طالب‎ ; born August 31 , 1980 ) is an Algerian épée fencer .
Stuart Mossman ( May 13 , 1942 -- March 2 , 1999 ) was an American guitar maker , entertainer and entrepreneur who built 6,000 guitars from 1968 to 1984 that were played by several professional guitarists , including John Denver , Eric Clapton , Albert Lee , Doc Watson , Hank Snow , Cat Stevens and Merle Travis .
Jenny Bannister is an Australian fashion designer , based in Melbourne .
Boris Smirnov - Rusetsky ( January 21 , 1905 -- August 7 , 1993 ; Russian : Борис Алексеевич Смирнов-Русецкий ) was a Russian painter , member of Amaravella group .
Erica Smyth ( born 1952 ) is a Western Australian geologist , senior mining executive and chair of uranium exploration company , Toro Energy .
Farman Fathalian ( Persian : فرمان فتحعلیان , born July 13 , 1954 ‎‎ ) , is an Iranian guitarist and Persian Rock singer .
Alicia Moffet ( born in 1998 ) is a Canadian singer who won the 2013 season of The Next Star .
Dinsmore Alter ( March 28 , 1888 -- September 20 , 1968 ) was an American astronomer and meteorologist .
Anne Fulda ( born 1963 ) is a French journalist working for Le Figaro in the politics department since 1982 .
Chambers Stevens ( born June 10 , 1964 ) is an American actor , playwright , author and acting coach .
Nicholas Teo ( Chinese : 張棟樑 ; pinyin : Zhāng Dòng - Liáng ) , also known as Nicholas Zhang and he is a Malaysian Chinese singer signed under Play Music based in Taiwan .
Professor Timothy Mowl is an architectural and landscape historian .
Bryan R. Holloway is an American politician and former teacher .
Robert Calin ( April 26 , 1928 -- June 14 , 1986 ) was a French - born songwriter and actor .
Anthony Guidera is an American actor who has appeared in many films and television series .
Heinrich Gebhard ( July 25 , 1878 , Sobernheim , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany -- May 5 , 1963 , North Arlington , New Jersey , United States ) was a German - American pianist , composer and piano teacher .
Jonathan Hole ( August 13 , 1904 -- February 11 , 1998 ) was an American actor whose entertainment career covered five different genres .
Christopher Gray is an American journalist and architectural historian , noted for his weekly New York Times column `` Streetscapes '' , about the history of New York City architecture , real estate and public improvements .
Jácint Simon ( born February 4 , 1979 ) is a Hungarian former swimmer , who specialized in middle - distance freestyle events .
Chuck Perkins ( born Charles Perkins ; August 25 , 1965 ) is an American spoken word poet , orator , narrator , and activist who infuses the rhythms and vernacular from the Crescent City into his musical spoken word pieces .
Pamela Sklar ( born July 20 , 1959 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an American psychiatrist and neuroscientist .
Anika Noni Rose ( born September 6 , 1972 ) is an American singer and actress known for her Tony Award - winning performance in the Broadway production of Caroline , or Change and her starring role as Lorrell Robinson in the 2006 film Dreamgirls .
Leslie Marmon Silko ( born Leslie Marmon ; born March 5 , 1948 ) is a Laguna Pueblo writer and one of the key figures in the First Wave of what literary critic Kenneth Lincoln has called the Native American Renaissance .
Elisabetta Fantone ( born August 12 , 1982 ) is a Canadian actress , painter , model and author .
Jean - Philippe Maury is an award - winning pastry chef , currently having three pastry shops located in the United States .
Denis de Belleval ( born June 4 , 1939 ) is a former politician and administrator in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Mary Louisa Whately ( August 31 , 1824 -- March 9 , 1889 ) was an English missionary in Egypt .
Reyli Barba ( born April 12 , 1972 in Juárez , Chiapas ) , most commonly known as Reyli , is a Mexican singer - songwriter .
Christina Schwab ( née Ripp ) ( born 1980 or 1981 ) is an American Paralympic basketball player and sprinter .
Eamonn Lynch was an Irish Labour Party politician , barrister and trade union official .
Cornelius Vanderbilt II ( November 27 , 1843 -- September 12 , 1899 ) was an American socialite , heir , businessman , and a member of the prominent United States Vanderbilt family .
Rahul Dev is an Indian film actor and former model .
Noel Zancanella is an American songwriter and record producer based in Los Angeles , California .
Luke Seomore is an award - winning English film director , and musician , part of a critically acclaimed filmmaking duo working alongside English director Joseph Bull .
Brad Benischek is a contemporary visual artist , educator , writer and actor living and working in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Michael Pelech ( born October 6 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Norfolk Admirals in the ECHL .
Ludwig Hirsch ( February 28 , 1946 -- November 24 , 2011 ) was an Austrian singer / songwriter and actor .
Charles Francis Lynch ( January 9 , 1884 - June 17 , 1942 ) was a United States Attorney and a United States district court judge in New Jersey .
John Hawkins , a fellow writer for Human Events , responded : `` Yesterday , Jerome Corsi was prattling on about the North American Union again after Michael Medved deservedly spanked him for spreading conspiracy theories .
Travis Garland ( born July 26 , 1989 ) is an American singer and dancer .
Robert Biswas - Diener ( born July 27 , 1972 ) is a positive psychologist , author and instructor at Portland State University .
Birge Lønquist Hansen ( November 6 , 1945 -- August 27 , 2004 ) , better known as Jodle Birge , was a Danish composer and singer .
Metta Victoria Fuller Victor ( née Metta Victoria Fuller ; nom de plume Seeley Regester ) ( March 2 , 1831 -- June 26 , 1885 ) was an American novelist , credited with authoring of one of the first detective novels in the United States .
Pauli Hanhiniemi ( born in Alavus in 1964 ) is a Finnish singer , songwriter ( composer and lyricist ) and musician .
Horacio Ferrer ( June 2 , 1933 -- December 21 , 2014 ) was a Uruguayan - Argentinan poet , broadcaster , reciter and tango lyricist .
Cullen Sheehan is a registered lobbyist for Lockridge Grindal Nauen P.L.L.P. He previously served as Chief of Staff of the Minnesota Senate Republican Caucus from January 2010 to November 2011 .
According to the Jain writer Hemachandra 's Parishishtaparvan , Chanakya was born in the Chanaka village of the Golla region , to a Brahmin named Chanin and his wife Chaneshvari .
Nabil Kebbab ( born December 30 , 1983 ) is an Algerian swimmer who competes in the freestyle events .
Allison S. Davis is a Chicago lawyer and real estate developer .
Darryn Perry is a former Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania during the 1980s and 1990s .
Dragiša Brašovan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгиша Брашован ) ( May 25 , 1887 - October 6 , 1965 ) was a Serbian modernist architect , one of the leading architects of the early 20th century in Yugoslavia .
Poppies Martinez ( born August 19 , 1983 ) is a Native American professional mixed martial artist of the Tachi Yokuts tribe currently competing in the Lightweight division of Bellator .
Chris Mazdzer ( /ˈmæzdər/ ; born June 26 , 1988 ) is an American luger who has been active internationally since 2001 .
San San Nweh ( Burmese : စန်းစန်းနွယ် , ( sáɴ sáɴ nwɛ̀ ) ; or San San Nwe ) is a noted Burmese writer and journalist .
Lars Håland ( b July 28 , 1962 ) is a former Swedish cross - country skier who competed from 1986 to 1999 .
Dimitry Elyashkevich ( Belarusian : Дзмітрый Еляшкевіч ; Russian : Дмитрий Еляшкевич ; born February 23 , 1975 ) is a producer and camera operator of the MTV series of Jackass and Wildboyz .
Manimaran is an Indian film director , working in the Tamil film industry .
Carveth Read ( 1848 - -1931 ) was a 19th and 20th century British philosopher and logician .
Erwin Helfer ( born January 20 , 1936 ) is an American boogie - woogie , blues and jazz pianist .
Harlington Wood , Jr. ( April 17 , 1920 -- December 29 , 2008 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , political figure and an amateur actor .
William Lovenstein ( October 8 , 1840 -- December 26 , 1896 ) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate from 1881 until his death in 1896 .
Dr. William Pollin was a psychiatrist who served as the second director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , and as a staff member of the National Institute of Mental Health .
Hubert Minnis is a Bahamian politician , currently serving as leader of the Free National Movement and as Leader of the Opposition in the House of Assembly of the Bahamas .
Federico Turrini ( born 21 July 1987 ) is an Italian swimmer who competes in the Men 's 400 m individual medley .
Jeannie Berlin ( born November 1 , 1949 ) is an American film , television and stage actress and screenwriter , known for role in the 1972 film The Heartbreak Kid , for which she received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations .
Christopher Scott Cherot is an American film director best known for Hav Plenty ( 1998 ) , a true story that he wrote , edited , produced , acted in and directed .
Jim Kuhl is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne .
Leonard Kibrick ( September 6 , 1924 - January 4 , 1993 ) was an American former child actor , most notable for appearing in the Our Gang short subjects series from 1934 to 1936 , usually portraying the villain .
His son Jacques ( or James ) Gabriel Huquier ( 1730 - -1805 ) known as Huquier fils , was also an engraver , as well as a portrait painter .
Harold Farberman ( born November 2 , 1929 ) is an American conductor , composer and percussionist .
Joann Ginal is an American politician who was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2012 .
Charles Conrad Schneider ( German : Carl Conrad Schneider ; April 24 , 1843 -- January 8 , 1916 ) , often referred to as C. C. Schneider , was an American civil engineer and bridge designer .
Ludwig Münstermann ( c. 1560 or 1575 -- 1638/39 ) was a German sculptor and master woodcarver from either Hamburg or Bremen .
Chris McMillian is a New Orleans bartender and a co - founder of The Museum of the American Cocktail .
Andrea Gastaldi ( April 18 , 1826 -- May 3 , 1889 ) was an Italian painter , primarily of historical canvases and portraits .
Peter Langtoft , also known as Peter of Langtoft ( Old French : Piers de Langtoft ; died c. 1305 ) was an English historian and chronicler who took his name from the small village of Langtoft in the East Riding of Yorkshire .
Ronan McKenna ( born in Ireland ) is a British - based television presenter familiar from the now defunct Quiz TV to current hosting duties on The Great Big British Quiz as of June 9 , 2006 .
Iarla Tannian ( born 12 August 1984 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays at centre back for the Galway senior team .
Shahed Ali Patwary ( Bengali শহীদ আলী পাটোয়ারী ; 1899 - 1958 ) was a lawyer and prominent politician .
Ursula Vernon ( born May 28 , 1977 ) is an American freelance writer , artist and illustrator .
Lycias was an Athenian orator who flourished in the 4th century BCE .
Octávio Mateus ( born 1975 ) is a Portuguese dinosaur paleontologist and biologist Professor of Paleontology at the Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova de Lisboa .
Craig B. Cooper is a professional aquanaut from the United States who served from 1991 to 2009 as Operations Manager for Aquarius , the world 's only underwater habitat .
Abubakr Ben Ishmael Salahuddin is an American religious writer .
Jayson Tyler Brûlé ( born November 25 , 1968 ) is a Canadian journalist , entrepreneur , and magazine publisher .
Thomas Jackson Rodman ( July 31 , 1816 -- June 7 , 1871 ) was an American artillerist , inventor , ordnance specialist , and career United States Army officer .
Destini Beard is an American singer and songwriter based out of Pennsylvania .
Straton of Sardis ( Greek : Στράτων ; better known under his Latin name Strato ) was a Greek poet and anthologist from the Lydian city of Sardis .
Amile Waters ( born April 25 , 1985 in Mayari , Cuba ) is a Head Sports Editor / Columnist , Radio Personality and an avid painter of the `` Dark Metal '' arts .
François Joseph Fournier ( December 6 , 1857 - January 13 , 1935 ) was a self - taught Belgian adventurer and entrepreneur who explored Mexico and the island of Porquerolles .
He was a composer and conductor of orchestras and used as artist name Julien Ghyoros .
Jacqueline Winspear is a mystery writer , author of the `` Maisie Dobbs '' series of books which explore the aftermath of World War I. She has won several mystery writing awards for books in this popular series .
Adam Bock is a Canadian playwright currently living in the United States .
Ali Farahbakhsh is an Iranian business journalist .
Adrian Schinoff ( born Adrián Gonzalo Schinoff Noher ; January 7 , 1972 ) is a musician , producer , and composer .
Oshik Levi ( Hebrew : אושיק לוי‎ ; born April 7 , 1944 ) is an Israeli singer , actor , and entertainer .
Eve Ensler ( born May 25 , 1953 ) is an American playwright , performer , feminist , and activist , best known for her play The Vagina Monologues .
Vic Aanensen ( born 16 January 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) during the 1970s and 1980s .
Frances Temple ( August 15 , 1945 -- July 5 , 1995 ) was a primary school teacher , a writer of award - winning children 's stories and young adult novels and an illustrator .
Karunasena Kodituwakku ( born March 21 , 1945 ) is a Sri Lankan politician , academic and diplomat .
Jonelle Allen is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
Earl Rhodes is a British television actor who was active in the 1970s and 1980s .
Miguel de Capriles ( November 30 , 1906 -- May 24 , 1981 ) was a Mexican - born American fencer , a President of the FIE , a former dean of the New York University School of Law and one of the world 's leading authorities on fencing .
Herbert Huntingdon Smith or Herbert Huntington Smith ( January 21 , 1851 in Manlius , New York -- March 22 , 1919 in Tuscaloosa , Alabama ) was an American naturalist and amateur conchologist who worked on the flora and fauna of Brazil .
Allette Brooks is an American folk singer / songwriter from Long Beach , California .
Michael Meyersfeld is an award - winning fine art photographer living and working in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Caroline Kole ( born Caroline Kudelko ; July 2 , 1997 ) is an American Country singer , songwriter , and guitarist who began performing under the stage name Suite Caroline .
Rose Windross originally began as a singer and songwriter in the UK reggae scene .
Marliese Kasner ( née Miller ; born January 8 , 1982 in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian curler from Shellbrook , Saskatchewan .
Lionel Barrymore ( born Lionel Herbert Blythe ; April 28 , 1878 -- November 15 , 1954 ) was an American actor of stage , screen and radio as well as a film director .
Geoff Hocking ( born 10 March 1959 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Max Jammer ( April 13 , 1915 -- December 18 , 2010 ) , was an Israeli physicist and philosopher of physics .
James Truitt ( died November 18 , 1981 ) was an American journalist who worked for Life and Time magazines .
Rajiv Maragh ( born July 9 , 1985 , in Jamaica ) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing .
Renuka Dasgupta née Sengupta(22 Aug 1910 - 1 Jan 1991 , Calcutta , WB ) was a Bengali singer , considered one of the best - known exponents of the songs of Atulprasad Sen. She was amongst the few singers to learn directly from Atulprasad Sen , Kazi Nazrul Islam and Dilipkumar Roy .
Mario Majeroni ( 1870 - 1931 ) was an Italian - born American playwright , and stage and film actor .
Aly Zaker ( Bengali : আলী যাকের ; born in November 6 , 1944 ) is an actor , director in Bangladeshi National Television drama and theatre .
Julius Sumner Miller ( May 17 , 1909 -- April 14 , 1987 ) was an American physicist and television personality .
The titular character , Nodwick , is a henchman ( as opposed to a hireling ) in the employ of a typical D&D - style adventuring party .
Carmen Villoro ( born 1958 ) is a Mexican psychologist and psychoanalyst who also writes poetry , children 's stories and has contributed to several newspapers .
Ira Wolfert ( November 1 , 1908 -- November 24 , 1997 ) was an American Pulitzer Prize - winning war correspondent and writer .
Harvey Fite ( December 25 , 1903 -- May 9 , 1976 ) was a pioneering American sculptor , painter and earth artist best known for his monumental land sculpture Opus 40 .
Ryan Coonerty ( born March 10 , 1974 ) is an American politician , businessman , professor , and author who currently serves as the Third District Supervisor for California 's Santa Cruz County , representing western portions of the county including Santa Cruz , Bonny Doon , and Davenport .
Sandra Tewkesbury ( February 14 , 1942 -- June 5 , 1962 ) was a Canadian figure skater who competed in ladies singles .
Ben Baker is an Australian photographer who has worked for clients such as The Sunday Times , New York , ESPN The Magazine , Time , Elle , and Fortune .
Mary Blair ( October 21 , 1911 -- July 26 , 1978 ) , born Mary Robinson , was an American artist who was prominent in producing art and animation for The Walt Disney Company , drawing concept art for such films as Alice in Wonderland , Peter Pan , Song of the South and Cinderella .
Tiang Sirikhanth ( December 5 , 1909 - December 12 , 1952 ) was a Thai politician and a Seri Thai resistance leader during World War II .
Gesine Bullock - Prado ( born March 6 , 1970 ) is an American pastry chef , author , attorney , and former film executive .
Her 1995 album Jill Sobule established Sobule as part of a short - lived but fruitful mid-90s movement of female singer - songwriters that included such artists as Lisa Loeb , Juliana Hatfield and Alanis Morissette .
Alphonse Dante Bichette , Sr . ( /ˈdɑːnteɪ bᵻˈʃɛt/ ; born November 18 , 1963 ) is a former professional baseball player .
Worcester Reed Warner ( May 16 , 1846 -- June 25 , 1929 ) was an American mechanical engineer , entrepreneur , manager , astronomer , and philanthropist .
Argaw Bedaso ( Born 5 April 1934 ) is a longtime Ethiopian traditional singer who has won praise for his Gurage songs .
Dary Dasuda is a former Nigerien bantamweight boxer .
Antal Benda ( April 14 , 1910 -- January 29 , 1997 ) was a Hungarian field handball player .
Tang Lin ( born May 7 , 1976 ) is a Chinese judoka and olympic champion .
Mary Jane Rotheram - Borus ( born December 7 , 1949 ) is a licensed clinical psychologist and professor with the University of California , Los Angeles , Department of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences .
T. Velmurugan is an Tamil Nadu(India ) politician and Former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
John Sekula ( January 14 , 1969 -- October 28 , 2010 ) was the original guitarist for alternative metal band Mushroomhead .
Heidi Mueller is still close friends with actor Jesse Metcalfe , her fellow Passions cast member .
Adão Pretto was a farmer , Brazilian politician and founder of the movement of the `` landless movement '' .
Jaclyn Marielle Jaffe ( born June 23 , 1989 ) is an American actress , singer and model .
Ron Klinger ( born November 8 , 1941 ) is an Australian contract bridge player and a leading English - language bridge writer , the author of more than 50 books on the game .
Arnaldo Antunes ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( axˈnawdu ɐ̃ˈtunis ) , born Arnaldo Augusto Nora Antunes Filho , September 2 , 1960 ) , is a Brazilian musician , writer and composer .
Tanzeel Merchant is a Toronto - based urban designer , architect , planner and writer .
Shirley Murdock ( born May 22 , 1957 ) is an American R&B singer - songwriter , who is best known for her 1986 R&B hit single `` As We Lay '' and for her vocals on Zapp and Roger hit single Computer Love .
Charles Henry Bryan was a politician and jurist in California .
John Alden Milne is a Canadian film director , writer , producer and editor .
Mohammad Suhrawadi Shuvo is a former Bangladeshi international cricketer .
María Isabel González - Meneses García - Valdecasas ( born January 4 , 1978 ) , known mononymously as Mai Meneses , is a Spanish singer and songwriter and leader of the Spanish pop band Nena Daconte .
Albert Paulig ( January 14 , 1873 -- March 19 , 1933 ) was a German film actor who was popular during the silent era .
Michael Les Benedict is a prominent American historian , who taught at Ohio State University from 1970 until his retirement in 2005 .
Lester Allen ( November 17 , 1891 -- November 6 , 1949 ) was a screen , stage , vaudeville , circus actor , and film director .
Bharat Kaul is an Indian actor mainly known for villainous and antagonistic roles in Bengali film and television serials .
Léo Bureau - Blouin ( born December 17 , 1991 ) is a former Quebec politician who in the 2012 provincial election at age 20 became the youngest person ever to be elected as a member of the National Assembly of Quebec .
Kay Sievers is a computer programmer , best known for developing the udev device manager of Linux , systemd and the Gummiboot EFI boot loader .
Rubén Vargas Ugarte ( October 22 , 1886 -- February 14 , 1975 ) was a jesuit priest and Peruvian historian .
Douglas Mackinnon is a British film and television director from Portree , Isle of Skye .
Richard Clipston Sturgis ( December 24 , 1860 -- January 20 , 1951 ) , generally known as R. Clipston Sturgis , was an American architect based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Ralph Gretzmacher is an Austrian scientist , professor of botany , zoology and an expert on tropical and subtropic agronomy .
Oxana Savchenko ( Russian : Оксана Владимировна Савченко ; born October 10 , 1990 in Petropavlovsk - Kamchatskiy ) is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S12 events , for visually impaired competitors .
Tamir Muskat ( in Hebrew תמיר מוסקט ) is an Israeli musician / producer - sound engineer who was born and raised in Petach Tikva , Israel as son of a Romanian immigrant .
Kelli Ward ( née Kaznoski ; January 25 , 1969 ) is an American politician and physician .
Frederick William MacMonnies ( September 28 , 1863 -- March 22 , 1937 ) was the best known expatriate American sculptor of the Beaux - Arts school , as successful and lauded in France as he was in the United States .
Duncan T. O'Brien ( March 28 , 1895 -- September 14 , 1938 ) was an American politician from New York
After receiving his Master of Philosophy in Peking University , Baoshu continued to study at Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and got a second master there , and finally became a full - time science fiction writer in 2012 .
Joseph - Armand Choquette ( July 24 , 1905 -- April 6 , 1999 ) was a farmer and politician .
Francis Marion Crawford ( August 2 , 1854 -- April 9 , 1909 ) was an American writer noted for his many novels , especially those set in Italy , and for his classic weird and fantastic stories .
Malinda Cramer was the author of several books , including :
Yoo Chae - yeong ( Hangul : 유채영 ; September 22 , 1973 -- July 24 , 2014 ) was a South Korean singer , actress , and radio host .
Michèle Burke ( born in 1959 ) is an Irish - born make - up artist .
Demetrius the Chronographer ( or Demetrius the Chronicler ; Greek : Δημήτριος ) was a Jewish chronicler ( historian ) of the late 3rd century BCE , who lived probably in Alexandria and wrote in Greek .
Dennis Miller Bunker ( November 6 , 1861 -- December 28 , 1890 ) was an American painter and innovator of American Impressionism .
Peter Bance an historian , author and Maharaja Duleep Singh archivist , born as a British Sikh .
Shane McConkey ( December 30 , 1969 -- March 26 , 2009 ) was a professional skier and BASE jumper .
Satyadeow Sawh ( Hindi : सत्यदेव शा ) ( June 13 , 1955 -- April 22 , 2006 ) was the Agriculture Minister of Guyana and prominent Hindu politician in Guyana .
Jiří Látal ( born February 2 , 1967 ) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey player .
Stephen Heywood ( April 13 , 1969 -- November 26 , 2006 ) was an American builder and self - taught architect , specializing in the renovation of old houses .
Pedro Nolasco Vergara Albano also known as Pedro Nolasco Martínez de Vergara Albano ( Talca , 1800 - Santiago , September 23 , 1867 ) was a Chilean deputy , governor and farmer .
George Olshevsky ( born 1946 ) is a freelance editor , writer , publisher , amateur paleontologist , and mathematician living in San Diego , California .
Dr. Tamás Heintz ( born February 6 , 1959 ) is a Hungarian physician and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Kaposvár ( Somogy County Constituency I ) between 2010 and 2014 .
Theodore L. Cairns ( July 20 , 1914 -- September 26 , 1994 ) was an American chemist , a member of the National Academy of Sciences , a research scientist at DuPont Central Research , known for his contributions to U.S. scientific policy and applications of chemistry .
Moukheiber Al Ashkar a Lebanese journalist .
Kenneth C. Martis is an American political geographer notable for his mapping and documentation of the electoral history of the United States .
Rachel Ann Mullins is an American model , actress , writer , and producer .
Louis Gatewood Galbraith ( January 23 , 1947 -- January 4 , 2012 ) was an American author and attorney from the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky .
Lorenzo Caccialanza ( born January 28 , 1955 ) is an Italian - born American football ( soccer ) goalkeeper and actor .
Chitikila Musili was an Indian mathematician at the University of Hyderabad who developed standard monomial theory in collaboration with his PhD supervisor C. S. Seshadri .
Louis Du Pont Duchambon ( Chalais , Charente January 1 , 1680 -- 1775 ? ) was a French military officer who served as a member of the French Army during the King George 's War .
Heimar de Fátima Marin , RN , MS , Ph.D. , FACMI is a nurse who has devoted her professional career to improving patient care using information and communication technologies .
Luther Scott Harshbarger ( born December 1 , 1941 ) is a lawyer and a Democratic politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Gordon Sheer ( nicknamed Gordy , born June 9 , 1971 ) is an American luger who competed from 1989 to the late 1990s .
Roopa Iyer is an award winning socially conscientious film director , actor ( TV and Film ) , dancer , choreographer , model , business executive , humanitarian , a philanthropist , and a philosopher .
Scott Martin Brooks ( born April 6 , 1972 ) is an American actor , best known for his appearance in the `` Whassup ? '' series of television commercials for Budweiser brand of beer , as the character `` Dookie . ''
Yang Renquan ( 仰仁詮 ) ( d. 940s ) was a general and politician of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms state Wuyue , eventually reaching the position of chancellor .
Lucy Durán is an ethnomusicologist , record producer and radio presenter .
Alfred Seaman was a professional Victorian and Edwardian photographer who ran a network of photographic portrait studios in the Midlands and North of England .
Roy Hughes Williams ( 1874 - 1946 ) was a lawyer from the U.S. State of Ohio who served as a prosecutor , local and appellate judge , and was a justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio from 1934 until his death .
Hilda Borko ( 1951- ) is an educational psychologist who researches teacher cognition and changes in novice and experienced teachers ' knowledge and beliefs .
Erez Petrank is a computer scientist whose notable research contributions are in the fields of programming languages and computer systems ( mostly on memory management ) , cryptography ( mostly on theoretical foundations ) , computational complexity , and parallel computing .
Lorrie Moore ( born Marie Lorena Moore ; January 13 , 1957 ) is an American fiction writer known mainly for her humorous and poignant short stories .
Carlene Carter ( born Rebecca Carlene Smith ; September 26 , 1955 ) is an American country singer and songwriter .
Shivajirao Girdhar Patil is an Indian social activist and politician from the state of Maharashtra .
Hans Rosbaud ( July 22 , 1895 -- December 29 , 1962 ) , was an Austrian conductor , particularly associated with the music of the twentieth century .
Thierry Veltman ( born December 16 , 1939 in Bussum ) is a Dutch painter , sculptor , ceramist and art educator .
Omkar Shah is an Indian politician who was the member of Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly from Bindranawagarh Assembly constituency ( no 52 ) then Raipur district , ( now Gariaband district ) , during 2003 - 2008 .
Jacqueline Peschard Mariscal , Mexican sociologist , is director Chairman of the Federal Institute for Access to Public Information since 2007 , was city council 's Federal Electoral Institute from 1997 to 2003 .
Jimmy Abegg ( born December 29 , 1954 ) , also known as Jimmy A , is an American guitarist , composer , director , photographer and artist , currently living in Nashville , Tennessee .
Jemal Karchkhadze ( Georgian : ჯემალ ქარჩხაძე ; 1936 - -1998 ) was a Georgian writer .
Emily Faithfull ( 1835 - -1895 ) was an English women 's rights activist , and publisher .
Emily Greene Balch ( January 8 , 1867 -- January 9 , 1961 ) was an American economist , sociologist and pacifist .
Linda Leatherbarrow is a prize - winning Scottish writer and illustrator .
Bruce Swedien is a Grammy Award - winning audio engineer and music producer .
Marilyn Gambrell is a parole officer turned teacher who started the program No More Victims at the M.B. Smiley High School in Houston , Texas .
Melissa Madden Gray , stage name Meow Meow , is an Australian - born actress , dancer and cabaret performer who tours internationally .
İbrahim Kavrakoğlu is a Turkish engineer , Professor and Chairman of the Department of Industrial Engineering , Dean of the School of Engineering and Provost of Boğaziçi University .
Steve Bowkett is a writer and hypnotherapist .
Sally Louisa Tompkins ( November 9 , 1833 -- July 26 , 1916 ) was a humanitarian , nurse , and philanthropist .
James Brydges , 3rd Duke of Chandos PC ( 27 December 1731 -- 29 September 1789 ) , styled Viscount Wilton from birth until 1744 and Marquess of Carnarvon from 1744 to 1771 , was a British peer and politician .
Mohamed Amanissi ( born July 29 , 1981 ) is a Moroccan boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at Super Heavyweight .
Charles Misodi Njapa ( born March 3 , 1976 ) , better known by his stage name 88-Keys , is an American record producer and rapper .
Prodigal Sunn ( real name , Lamar Ruff ) is an American rapper , actor and entrepreneur .
Michael Skube is a former journalist who is on the faculty of the Elon University School of Communications .
Christian Basso ( born September 27 , 1966 ) , is an Argentine musician , known as both a composer and a multi - instrumentalist .
Girolamo Buratti ( active 1580 ) was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance , active in his native Ascoli Piceno .
Nicholas Myrepsos ( or Nicolaus Myrepsus , Greek : Νικόλαος Μυρεψός ; Late 13th Century ) was a Byzantine physician known chiefly for his compendium on medical science which is still extant .
Dr Jonathan Hare is a British physicist and television presenter .
Willis Whitfield ( December 6 , 1919 -- November 12 , 2012 ) was an American physicist and inventor of the modern cleanroom , a room with a low level of pollutants used in manufacturing or scientific research .
Jack Lutz is a theoretical computer scientist and computational theorist best known for developing the concepts of resource bounded measure and effective dimension .
Colonel John Hurley , Jacobite soldier and Rapparee , fl .
Dr Richard T. Holmes is an American ornithologist .
Kathryn North is an internationally renowned paediatric physician , neurologist , and clinical geneticist .
Karl William ( born c. 1995 ) is a Danish alternative music singer and songwriter who is signed to the Danish ArtPeople label .
George Harrison Shull ( April 15 , 1874 -- September 28 , 1954 ) was an eminent American plant geneticist and the younger brother of botanical illustrator and plant breeder J. Marion Shull .
H. A. Perera ( May 10 , 1950 -- February 4 , 2010 ) was a Sri Lankan actor who made a mark through his appearances on several popular television serials and films .
I. Bernard Weinstein ( c. 1930 -- November 3 , 2008 ) was an American physician and researcher who studied the effect of pollutants and other environmental factors in causing cancer and headed the Comprehensive Cancer Center at Columbia University .
Joseph Petracca ( December 16 , 1913 -- September 28 , 1963 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , screenwriter , and television writer of Italian descent .
José António Rondão Almeida ComIH ( born in Elvas ) is a Portuguese politician .
Ramin Raziani ( Persian : رامین رضیانی‎ ) ( born April 12 , 1974 ) is a professional tennis player , tennis coach and entrepreneur .
Chantal Dumas ( born 1959 ) is a sound artist based in Montreal .
At 21 years and 4 months , James Mackey became the third youngest poker player at the time to ever win a World Series of Poker bracelet when he won the 2007 $ 5,000 buy - in No - Limit Hold'em event .
David Jacob Cohen OBE ( died February 9 , 1959 ) was an Indian politician and a leading figure of the Baghdadi Jewish community in Calcutta .
Rocio Restrepo Lugo ( born 21 November 1987 ) is a Colombian bowler .
Matthew Christopher Sobaski is an American fashion designer mostly known for bridal wear .
Miguel Frank ( March 27 , 1920 - August 9 , 1994 ) was a Chilean writer , dramatist and lawyer .
Charles Tolliver ( born March 6 , 1942 ) is an American jazz trumpeter and composer .
Mark Germino is an American folk rock and country singer - songwriter .
Hwang Yoon - Seok ( Korean : 황윤석 , born January 17 , 1982 ) , better known as Hwanhee ( Korean : 환희 ) , is a South Korean singer and actor .
Uwe Schöning ( born December 28 , 1955 ) is a German computer scientist , known for his research in computational complexity theory .
Harold J. Stone ( March 3 , 1913 -- November 18 , 2005 ) was an American stage , radio , film , and television character actor .
Christopher O'Hoski ( born in Ontario , Canada ) is a painter from Stoney Creek , Ontario .
Linton Satterthwaite Jr. ( 1897 - -1978 ) was a Maya archaeologist and epigrapher and is primarily associated with the University Museum at the University of Pennsylvania .
José Aníbal Delgado Fiallos ( September 18 , 1936 -- December 28 , 2013 ) was a Honduran scholar , political analyst and politician .
Toby King ( born 9 July 1990 ) is a professional rugby league player for Warrington in Super League .
Augustus Noble Hand ( July 26 , 1869 -- October 28 , 1954 ) was an American judge who served on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and later on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Taizo Ichinose ( 一ノ瀬 泰造 , November 1 , 1947 -- November 29 , 1973 ) was a Japanese war photographer .
Władysław Sadłowski was a renowned Polish architect and a graduate of the Lwów Technical Academy .
Shon Adams , better known by his stage name E - A - Ski , is an American rapper and producer from Oakland , California .
Roberto Dutesco ( born June 6 , 1961 ) is a Romanian - born Canadian artist , photographer and filmmaker .
Dan Lacey is an American painter , whose work commonly features icons and figures from popular culture , politics , and Internet Memes .
Kai Tier is a Melbourne - based standup comic / actor .
Örjan Sandred ( b. June 15 , 1964 ) is a Swedish composer and is a Professor in Composition at the Marcel A. Desautels Faculty of Music at the University of Manitoba in Canada .
Christina Liu ( Chinese : 劉憶如 ; pinyin : Liú Yìrú ) is a Taiwanese politician .
William Henry Chamberlin ( February 17 , 1897 -- September 12 , 1969 ) was an American historian and journalist .
Annette Beard Sterling Helton Simmons ( born July 4 , 1943 ) , formerly known as Annette Beard is an American R&B and soul singer .
Valentin Todercan ( born May 13 , 1961 ) is a Moldovan screen and stage actor , producer , screenwriter and director .
Chevol Grant , better known by his stage name Indecka is a Jamaican Reggae & Dancehall singer and songwriter .
Jane Lui is an American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist based in Southern California .
The Master of Latin 757 ( fl c. 1380 - -1395 ) is the name given to a Lombard painter of illuminated manuscripts whose work is very poorly known .
Greg Lawrence is a Canadian politician elected to represent the electoral district of Moose Jaw Wakamow in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 2011 election .
Jeff Fuchs is an explorer , mountaineer and writer .
Rocío Rodríguez ( born Cuba , 1952 ) is a painter who lives in Atlanta , Georgia .
Mahrez Mebarek ( Arabic : محرز مبارك‎ ; born February 11 , 1985 ) is an Algerian former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
David Van Vactor ( May 8 , 1906 -- March 24 , 1994 ) was an American composer of contemporary classical music .
Richard O. Eymann ( February 3 , 1919 -- September 26 , 2005 ) was an American businessman and politician in the state of Oregon .
Sun Nan ( born February 18 , 1969 ) is a famous pop singer from mainland China .
Steve Zodiac ( pseudonym adopted from the lead character of Fireball XL5 ) is a rock guitarist and prolific songwriter , who gained recognition in the early 1980s as frontman of New Wave Of British Heavy Metal band Vardis .
William Farrand Prosser ( March 16 , 1834 -- September 23 , 1911 ) was an American politician who served in the United States House of Representatives representing Tennessee , and was a Union Colonel in the American Civil War .
Paul Guest ( born in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is an American poet and memoirist .
Karol Szajnocha ( 1818 - 1868 ) was a Polish writer , historian , and independence activist .
Donna Hanover ( born c. 1950 ) is an American journalist , radio and television personality , television producer , and actress , who appears on WOR radio in New York City and the Food Network .
Lea Seong is a South Korean born fashion designer .
Tan Sri Khoo Kay Kim ( Chinese : 邱家金 ) ( born 1937 ) is a Chinese Malaysian historian and academic .
Ittiyanath Kunhikrishna Menon ( December 9 , 1919 -- January 12 , 2013 ) , better known as I. K. K. Menon or I. K. K. M. , was a Malayalam language writer from Kerala , India .
Robin Gianattassio - Malle is an American journalist and producer specializing in the use of aural and visual media and is Founder and Executive Director of Blue Egg Media , established in 2008 .
Georg Heinrich Brandes ( German : ( ˈbʀandəs ) ) was a German painter .
Elena Žalinkevičaitė - Petrauskienė ( September 23 , 1900 -- May 23 , 1986 ) was an Lithuanian actor , poet , dramatist .
Coty Wheeler ( October 11 , 1978 ) is an American mixed martial artist , who is perhaps best known for his four fight stint with now - defunct promotion World Extreme Cagefighting .
Janis Tarchuk is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Banff - Cochrane as a Progressive Conservative .
Yulia Berger ( born August 5 , 1991 ) is an artistic gymnast .
Martin Kove ( born March 6 , 1946 ) is an American film and television actor known for his work in films such as Rambo :
K. M. Radha Krishnan is an Indian music composer who composes music for Tollywood films .
Juan Martín Jauregui ( Born on Mar de Plata , Argentina ) , is an Argentine actor , who currently resides in Mexico city , Mexico since 1999 , known for participating in several telenovelas of Telemundo and TV Azteca .
James F. Walker ( October 8 , 1913 -- February 5 , 1994 ) was an award - winning graphic artist , twice named to the 100 Best New Talent List by Art in America .
Marta Schumann ( born February 4 , 1919 in Valldal in Norddal , died April 24 , 1994 in Molde ) is a Norwegian novelist , poet and short story writer .
Johann Heinrich Walch ( 1776 - -1855 ) , was a German conductor , chamber musician and choral master for both the Duke of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg as well as of the Duke of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha , in Gotha in the current German state Thüringen .
Samson Wertheimer ( January 17 , 1658 -- August 6 , 1724 ) was chief rabbi of Hungary and Moravia , and rabbi of Eisenstadt .
Liddy Hegewald ( 1884 - -1950 ) was a German film producer of the silent and early sound eras .
Mazhar ul Islam ( Urdu : مظہرالاسلام‎ ) ( born 4 August 1949 ) is a Pakistani short story writer and novelist .
Tilahun Gessesse ( September 29 , 1940 -- April 19 , 2009 ) was an Ethiopian singer regarded as one of the most popular of his country 's `` Golden Age '' in the 1960s .
Derk Cheetwood ( born October 8 , 1973 ) is an American actor who appears on the soap opera General Hospital on a recurring basis as mob enforcer Max Giambetti , who works for mob boss Sonny Corinthos .
Larry Temkin is an American philosopher specializing in normative ethics and political philosophy .
Karima Kibble ( born Karima Trotter ) is a Gospel singer , and a founding member of the gospel group Virtue .
Esmeralda Zenteno Urizar ( Antofagasta , July 18 , 1880 - ? ) , known by her pseudonym Vera Zouroff , was a Chilean feminist , editor , writer , novelist , poet , and correspondent .
Bjørn Holter better known for his stage name Narrenschiff is a Norwegian singer - songwriter of the band Illnath .
Esteban Cortázar ( born May 17 , 1984 ) is a noted fashion designer .
Elimu Nelson ( pronounced Ay - lee - moo , meaning knowledge and education in Swahili ) is a film and television actor .
Jesse Hutch ( born February 12 , 1981 ) is a Canadian - born film and television actor .
Tim Madison ( better known as Vadge Moore ) is an American musician and author , best known as the drummer of punk band The Dwarves .
Donald Olsen ( 23 July 1919 - 21 March 2015 ) was an important mid-20th - century Bay Area architect .
Miss Kumari Memmorial Mini Stadium was built in Bharananganam which was inaugurated by Veteran actor Prem Nazir .
Rick Remender ( born February 6 , 1973 ) is an American comic book writer and artist who resides in Los Angeles , California .
Kumar Govind is an Indian actor and director in the Kannada film industry , known for starring in a few hit films .
Larry Attard ( born December 31 , 1951 in Malta ) is a retired Hall of Fame Champion jockey and current horse trainer in Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing .
Paul Stojanovich ( February 13 , 1956 -- March 15 , 2003 ) was an American television producer whose notable creations include American Detective ( 1991 - -1993 ) and World 's Wildest Police Videos ( 1998 - -2001 ) .
Antonio d'Enrico , called Tanzio da Varallo , or simply il Tanzio ( c. 1575/1580 -- c. 1632/1633 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Mannerist or early Baroque period .
Madelyn Vega is a Puerto Rican journalist and attorney who works as Judge for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and was an anchor and reporter for Telemundo in New York for over a decade .
Henry F. Mann was an inventor and blacksmith .
Paris Smith is an American actress and singer commonly known for playing Maddie Van Pelt in the Nickelodeon show Every Witch Way .
Andrew N. Meltzoff ( born February 9 , 1950 ) is an American psychologist and an internationally recognized expert on infant and child development .
Stanley Matthew Mitruk ( January 22 , 1922 - December 10 , 2006 ) was an American artist who worked in the Modernist style .
Drubskin , also known as `` Drub '' ( August 14 , 1973 ; born in Derby , Connecticut ) is a fetish artist most known for his homoerotic illustrations and comic book work .
Charles Bernard Scaggs ( born October 25 , 1965 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by the ring name 2 Cold Scorpio .
Robert Duncan Coutts ( born February 4 , 1969 ) is a Canadian musician , best known for being the bassist for Our Lady Peace since 1995 .
Nathaniel Hawthorne ( /ˈhɔːˌθɔːrn/ ; born Nathaniel Hathorne ; July 4 , 1804 -- May 19 , 1864 ) was an American novelist , Dark Romantic , and short story writer .
Mike Nacua ( born June 14 , 1973 ) , better known as Pekto , is a Filipino actor , comedian and television host .
Marshall Holman ( born September 29 , 1954 in San Francisco , California ) is an American professional bowler primarily known for his flamboyant success on the PBA Tour throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
Austorc de Segret or Austau de Segret ( fl . 1270 ) was an Auvergnat troubadour with only one surviving sirventes , `` No sai quim so , tan sui desconoissens '' .
Abu Abd Allah Mohammed ibn Abdun al - Jabali al - Adadi ( died after 976 ) was a physician and mathematician from Al - Andalus .
William Thomas Kinkade III ( January 19 , 1958 -- April 6 , 2012 ) was an American painter of popular realistic , pastoral , and idyllic subjects .
Zascha Moktan ( Nepali : ज़स्चा मोक्तान ; born 23 December 1981 ) is a Nepalese - German singer , pianist and guitarist .
Paula Gosling ( born 1939 ) is a United States - born crime writer .
Cristian Imparato ( born February 24 , 1996 ) is an Italian singer best known for winning the first edition of the talent show hosted by Gerry Scotti , Io Canto .
Henry Earl Singleton ( November 27 , 1916 -- August 31 , 1999 ) was an American electrical engineer , business executive , and rancher / land owner .
Salvatore Nocita ( born 30 July 1934 ) is an Italian television and film director , editor and screenwriter .
Carl Robert Zelnick ( born August 9 , 1940 ) is an American journalist , author and professor of journalism at the Boston University College of Communication , and winner of two Emmy Awards and two Gavel Awards .
Nikhil Paul George is a singer , guitarist , bassist , record producer , arranger and composer of Indian origin based in London .
Mohammad Hassan Ganji Ph . D ( Persian : محمدحسن گنجی‎‎ ) , ( June 11 , 1912 -- July 19 , 2012 ) was an Iranian meteorologist and academic .
Alexander Sergeyevich Yakovlev ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Серге́евич Я́ковлев ) ( April 1 ( O.S. March 19 ) 1906 -- August 22 , 1989 ) was a Soviet aeronautical engineer .
Moni Bhattacharjee ( Hindi : मोनी भट्टाचार्य ) was an Indian film director and screenwriter of the 1960s who directed Hindi language films .
Ida Augusta Keller ( June 11 , 1866 -- September 10 , 1932 ) was an American plant physiologist and teacher in Philadelphia .
John Kneubuhl ( July 2 , 1920 - February 20 , 1992 ) was an American Samoan screenwriter , playwright and Polynesian historian .
Mela Lee is an American voice actress and singer in the Los Angeles area .
Choerilus of Iasus ( Greek : Χοιρίλος ) was an epic poet of Iasus in Caria , who lived in the 4th century BC . He accompanied Alexander the Great on his campaigns as court - poet .
Donald A. Yerxa is an author , editor and historian .
Dwayne Turner was born in Brooklyn , New York and began his career as a comic book artist during the end of high school .
Bisi Ezerioha ( born January 6 , 1972 ) a.k.a . Ndubisi Ezerioha , is a professional racing driver , engine builder , engineer , and industrialist .
Hélisenne de Crenne was a French novelist , epistolary writer and translator during the Renaissance .
Maurice Allard ( January 2 , 1922 -- September 14 , 1988 ) was a Canadian politician , as well as a law professor and a lawyer .
S. Gunatillake ( full name and details unknown ) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kandy .
Greg Richardson ( born February 7 , 1958 in Youngstown , Ohio ) is a former boxer who was WBC Bantamweight Champion between February 25 , 1991 , and September 19 , 1991 .
Whitford Kane ( January 30 , 1881 -- December 17 , 1956 ) was a noted Irish - born American stage and screen character actor remembered for playing the First Gravedigger in numerous productions of Shakespeare 's Hamlet and by the students that attended his drama classes over a career that spanned nearly six decades .
Jim Brickman ( born November 20 , 1961 ) is an American songwriter and pianist of pop and adult contemporary music , as well as a radio show host .
Nathan Stickman is an American singer - songwriter and guitarist who plays his own brand of rock music which falls under the category of Adult Alternative or AAA .
Eve Beglarian ( born Ann Arbor , Michigan , U.S. , July 22 , 1958 ) is a contemporary American composer , performer and audio producer of Armenian descent .
Ivo John Lederer ( December 11 , 1929 -- June 18 , 1998 ) was a diplomatic historian who taught at Princeton ( 1955 - -57 ) , Yale ( 1957 - -65 ) and Stanford ( 1965 - -77 ) universities .
Sean Michael Becker ( born February 17 , 1981 ) is an American film director , film producer and editor who is best known for directing Felicia Day 's web series , The Guild .
Álvaro Moerzinger ( born Montevideo , 1949 ) is a Uruguayan lawyer and diplomat .
Rupert Wildt ( /ˈvɪlt/ ; June 25 , 1905 -- January 9 , 1976 ) was a German - American astronomer .
Kely Bastien is a Haitian politician who has served as president of the Senate of Haiti since 2006 .
Aled Pugh is a Welsh actor who has worked extensively in television roles and movies in both Welsh and English medium .
Mr. Reşat Çağlar is a diplomat from the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
John Symme , of Canterbury , Kent , was a 14th - century English politician .
Robert Mark Goresky ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian mathematician who invented intersection homology with Robert MacPherson .
Aeign Zackrey Nash Victoriano Aguas ( born October 10 , 1998 ) , simply known as Nash Aguas , is a Filipino actor , singer and model .
Tibor Šalát ( May 13 , 1926 -- May 14 , 2005 ) was a Slovak mathematician , professor of mathematics , and Doctor of Mathematics who specialized in number theory and real analysis .
Val Lewton ( May 7 , 1904 -- March 14 , 1951 ) was a Russian - American film producer and screenwriter best known for a string of low - budget horror films he produced for RKO Pictures in the 1940s .
Yasmine Petty is a transgender American model of Moroccan and Italian descent .
Lacydes of Cyrene ( Greek : Λακύδης ) , Greek philosopher , was head of the Academy at Athens in succession to Arcesilaus from 241 BC . He was forced to resign c. 215 BC due to ill - health , and he died c. 205 BC . Nothing survives of his works .
Washington Irving ( April 3 , 1783 -- November 28 , 1859 ) was an American author , essayist , biographer , historian , and diplomat of the early 19th century .
Jéssica Andrade ( born September 25 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship 's Bantamweight division .
James David Barber ( July 31 , 1930 -- September 12 , 2004 ) was a political scientist whose book The Presidential Character made him famous for his classification of presidents through their worldviews .
Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao ( Vijaya Raghava Rao ) ( November 3 , 1925 - November 30 , 2011 ) was an Indian flutist , composer , choreographer , musicologist , poet and fiction writer .
Bartholomew W. Hogan ( born on January 29 , 1901 in Quincy , Massachusetts ) was a psychiatrist , professor and Naval officer .
Judith Lewis Herman ( born 1942 ) is a psychiatrist , researcher , teacher , and author who has focused on the understanding and treatment of incest and traumatic stress .
Earl J. Silbert ( March 8 , 1936 ) is a prominent American lawyer who served as United States Attorney for the District of Columbia from 1974 to 1979 , and served , along with two other U.S. Attorneys , as the first prosecutor in the infamous Watergate scandal .
Lynne Mapp Drexler ( 1928 - -1999 ) was an American abstract and representational artist , who was a painter and photographer .
Bobby Joe Young ( born March 4 , 1959 ) is a former boxer from Steubenville , Ohio .
Miroslav Macháček ( May 8 , 1922 -- February 17 , 1991 ) was a Czech theatre director and an actor .
Jamal Osman ( Somali : Jamaal Cismaan , Arabic : جمال عثمان‎ ) is a Somali journalist , filmmaker and broadcast reporter .
Ralph Delahaye Paine ( August 28 , 1871 -- April 29 , 1925 ) was an American journalist and author popular in the early 20th century .
Def Jef is the stage name of Jeffrey Fortson ( born September 27 , 1966 ) , an American alternative hip hop musician and rapper of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Jan Zaleski ( March 8 , 1869 in Kalwaria Augustowska -- August 22 , 1932 in Warsaw ) was a Polish biochemist .
Jami Deadly ( born May 18 , 1979 ) ( also credited as Jami Edwards ) is an American - born actress , glamour model , singer , burlesque dancer and horror host .
Alberto Mijangos ( born July 25 , 1925 , Mexico City - June 19 , 2007 San Antonio , Texas ) was a Mexican American artist and painter .
Leon De La Mothe ( December 26 , 1880 -- June 12 , 1943 ) was an American film director , actor and screenwriter of the silent era .
Justine Cassell ( born March 19 , 1960 ) is an American professor and researcher interested in human - human conversation , human - computer interaction , and storytelling .
Lanardo Tyner ( born August 2 , 1975 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a professional boxer in the Welterweight division .
Robert W. Thurston is an American historian , author , and former history professor at Miami University in Oxford , Ohio .
Hubert Duprat is a French artist known for his unusual work , an artistic intersection between caddisfly larvae and gold , opal , turquoise and other precious stones .
Na Hoon - a ( Korean : 나훈아 ) is a South Korean trot singer who began singing in the 1960s and 70s .
Frank Luther ( August 4 , 1899 - November 16 , 1980 ) was an American country music singer , dance band vocalist , playwright , songwriter and pianist .
George Loraine Stampa ( 1875 - -1951 ) was a British artist , a contributor to Punch and other illustrated papers and magazines .
John Edward Macfarlane ( born March 28 , 1942 ) is the editor of the Canadian magazine The Walrus .
Yuri Villefort ( born March 23 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in Ultimate Fighting Championship 's welterweight division .
Don Hannah ( born in Shediac , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian playwright and novelist .
Pierre Alexandre is a writer , a journalist and a businessman .
Sally Floyd was a computer scientist at the International Computer Science Institute in Berkeley , California .
Mira Sethi ( born 1986 or 1987 ) is a Pakistani journalist and actor .
Phil Winston is an award winning English dancer , dance teacher and choreographer .
Godfrey Gao ( Chinese : 高以翔 ; born September 22 , 1984 ) is a Taiwanese - born Canadian model and actor .
Hugo Charlton is a practising criminal barrister , international human rights lawyer , environmental activist , broadcaster and commentator .
Charles Washington Merrill ( December 21 , 1869 -- February 5 , 1958 ) was an American mining metallurgist .
Larry Rickles ( May 12 , 1970 -- December 3 , 2011 ) was an American screenwriter , film and television producer .
Joseph Chaikin ( September 16 , 1935 -- June 22 , 2003 ) was an American theatre director , actor , playwright , and pedagogue .
Grigore Grigoriu ( April 4 , 1941 -- December 20 , 2003 ) was a Soviet and Moldavian actor .
Anatole Boris Volkov ( October 29 , 1924 -- November 28 , 2000 ) was an American physicist , allegedly serving as a courier for the Silvermaster spy ring between Washington , D.C. and New York City .
Michel Collon is a Belgian writer , journalist , and historian .
Lizzette Kattan , is a Honduran - born fashion editor that worked between Milan and New York from 1976 until 1986 for Harper 's Bazaar Italy , Harper 's Bazaar France , Uomo Harper 's Bazaar and Italian Cosmopolitan .
Samuel Uziel was a Talmudist and scholar of the 17th century , rabbi of Livorno .
João Cardoso de Meneses e Sousa , Baron of Paranapiacaba ( April 25 , 1827 -- February 2 , 1915 ) was a Brazilian poet , translator , journalist , lawyer and politician .
Edward Joseph Young ( November 29 , 1907 -- February 14 , 1968 ) was a Reformed theologian and an Old Testament scholar at Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania from 1936 until his death .
Thomas A. Carew was a sculptor in Boston , Massachusetts , active between 1843 - 1860 in collaboration with Joseph Carew as the firm Carew & Brother .
Lobo Chan ( born October 15 , 1960 ) is a British opera singer and actor perhaps best known for his role in Peter Jackson 's 2005 remake of King Kong .
Nattawut Saikua ( Thai : ณัฐวุฒิ ใสยเกื้อ ; rtgs : Natthawut Sai - kuea ; born June 4 , 1975 ) is a Thai politician .
Ellis E. Williams ( born June 28 , 1951 ) is an American film and television actor / comedian who is better known for playing `` Henry Hugley '' ( father of Darryl Hughley , played by comedian D.L. Hughley ) on the sitcom , The Hughleys .
John V. Farrelly ( born 4 November 1954 ) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician and auctioneer .
Alpesh Patel ( born February 19 , 1972 ) is an Indian - American film director , screenwriter , producer and editor .
Lewis Porter is a jazz pianist and musicologist , educator and author .
Mary Novik is the author of two novels set in the past , Conceit and Muse , in which fiction and fact are creatively mingled .
Prof . Dr. Abdulahi Ahmed Afrah is a Somali politician who hails from the Waesle clan ( an Abgaal subclan ) .
Irakli Bolkvadze ( Georgian : ირაკლი ბოლქვაძე ; born December 12 , 1994 in Nicosia , Cyprus ) is a Georgian swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events .
Tadhg Kelly ( /ˈteɪɡ/ ; born October 3 , 1988 ) is an American actor and film producer .
Jamie Mackenzie ( born February 28 , 1989 ) is a Canadian international rugby union player who plays as a scrum - half .
Singleton Palmer ( November 13 , 1913 , St. Louis , Missouri -- March 8 , 1993 , St. Louis ) was an American jazz multi - instrumentalist and bandleader .
Dalmacio Vélez Sarsfield ( February 18 , 1800 -- June 30 , 1875 ) was an Argentine lawyer and politician who wrote the Argentine Civil Code of 1869 , which remained in force until 2015 , when it was replaced by the new Código Civil y Comercial de la Nación .
John Percy Page also known as J. Percy Page ( May 14 , 1887 -- March 2 , 1973 ) was a Canadian teacher , basketball coach , provincial politician , and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Alberta .
Arthur Friedman is an American film producer and former studio executive at Warner Bros. Pictures .
Naeem Ashraf ( نعیم اشرف ) was born 15 November 1972 , Lahore , Punjab and is a former Pakistani cricketer who played two One Day International matches in 1995 .
Robert Glenn Ketchum ( born December 1 , 1947 ) is a landscape and nature photographer whose work has a strong environmental advocacy message .
Robin Bacul ( born August 6 , 1979 ) is a former ice hockey player from the Czech Republic .
Justin Lazard ( born November 30 , 1966 ) is an American actor , producer , director , and model .
Feodor Dietz ( 29 May 1813 -- 18 November 1870 ) was a German historical and battle painter .
Eddie Alderson ( born October 27 , 1994 ) is an American actor , best known for his portrayal of Matthew Buchanan on the ABC Daytime American soap opera One Life to Live in 2001 until 2012 .
John Wesley Blassingame ( March 23 , 1940 -- February 13 , 2000 ) was an American scholar , historian , educator , writer , and pioneer in the study of American slavery .
Cara Luft is a singer - songwriter , guitarist and clawhammer banjo player , and founding member of the Canadian folk trio The Wailin ' Jennys .
Ma Kwok Po ( Chinese : 馬國寶 ; Jyutping : maa5 gwok3 bou2 ) , also known as Panda ma , is a former Hong Kong national windsurfer .
Heraclides of Tarentum ( Greek : Ἡρακλείδης ; fl . 3rd -- 2nd century BC ) , was a Greek physician of the Empiric school who wrote commentaries on the works of Hippocrates .
Evelyn Chan is a Singaporean bowler .
Matthew Hackett is a computer graphics animator .
Jared Drake Bell ( born June 27 , 1986 ) is an American actor , voice actor , singer - songwriter , and multi - instrumentalist .
Emmanuel Berchmans Devlin , KC ( December 24 , 1872 -- August 30 , 1921 ) was a Canadian lawyer and politician .
Mahad Abdalle Awad ( Somali : Mahad Cabdulle cawad , Arabic : مهد عبدالله عوض‎ ) is a Somali politician .
Juan Formell ( August 2 , 1942 -- May 1 , 2014 ) was a Cuban bassist , composer , and arranger , best known as the director of Los Van Van .
Craig Leon ( born 7 January 1952 ) is an American - born record producer , composer and arranger currently living in England .
Tim Haines is a screenwriter , producer and director who is best known for his work on the BBC popular science shows Walking with Dinosaurs , Walking with Beasts , and Walking with Monsters .
Ken Merckx ( born June 24 , 1964 ) is a screen actor / voice actor who is also known as Ken Merchx and Ken Ring .
Margaret Youngblood ( February 23 , 1891 -- May 3 , 1969 ) better known by her stage name Margaret Young , was an American singer and comedienne who was popular in the 1920s .
Christopher Toland ( born June 21 , 1985 in San Francisco , CA , U.S. ) is an American figure skater .
Ken Zheng ( born April 5 , 1995 ) is an Indonesian actor , screenwriter and martial artist .
Stephen J. Lawrence ( AKA Stephen Lawrence ) is an American composer , living and working in New York City .
Lester Chambers ( born April 13 , 1940 , Mississippi , United States ) is an American recording artist , and member and lead singer of the 1960s soul rock group The Chambers Brothers , who had the hit single , `` Time Has Come Today '' .
Nourhanne ( Arabic : نورهان‎ born November 2 , 1977 ) also transliterated as Nourhan , is a Lebanese singer .
Shen Buhai was the earliest known political philosopher to have been influenced by Huang - Lao , combining political methodology with Taoistic thought .
Gerhart Friedlander ( born Friedländer , July 28 , 1916 -- September 6 , 2009 ) was a nuclear chemist who worked on the Manhattan Project .
Dettinger is a German record producer signed to Germany 's Cologne based Kompakt label .
Ralph Simpson Kuykendall ( April 12 , 1885 -- May 9 , 1963 ) was an American historian who served as the trustee and secretary of the Hawaiian Historical Society from 1922 to 1932 .
Tod Dockstader ( March 20 , 1932 -- February 27 , 2015 ) was an American composer of electronic music , and particularly musique concrète .
Kent Franklin McWhirter ( born September 26 , 1942 ) , known by his stage name Kent McCord , is an American actor , best known for his role as Officer Jim Reed on the television series Adam-12 .
Abid Khan ( born Muhammad Abid Khan ) ( 1953 - -2000 ) was a Pakistani comedian , and stage and TV actor .
Carlo Speridone Mariotti ( Perugia , 1726 - 1790 ) was an Italian painter ; he often painted genre scenes .
Walter Lowenfels ( May 10 , 1897 -- July 7 , 1976 ) was an American poet , journalist , and member of the Communist Party USA .
Jeong Jae - heon ( Korean : 정재헌 ; born April 18 , 1975 ) is a South Korean voice actor and actor .
Michael C. Moynihan is an American journalist and the cultural news editor for The Daily Beast / Newsweek and the managing editor of Vice magazine .
M. K. Turk ( May 20 , 1942 -- December 6 , 2013 ) was an American college basketball coach and player .
Zev Vilnay ( Hebrew : זאב וילנאי‎ , 1900 - -1988 ) was an Israeli geographer , author and lecturer .
Hubert Badanai ( January 11 , 1895 -- September 19 , 1986 ) was a Canadian automobile dealer and politician .
Antonio Castro Leal ( March 2 , 1896 -- January 7 , 1981 ) was a Mexican diplomat and intellectual .
Marwan Ali ( in Arabic مروان علي ) is a Tunisian pop singer , the winner of the Arab Super Star show , a version of the British show Pop Idol .
Wardell Edwin Bond ( April 9 , 1903 -- November 5 , 1960 ) , known professionally as Ward Bond , was a prolific American film character actor whose rugged appearance and easygoing charm were featured in over 200 films and the television series Wagon Train .
Colin Keith Gray is a Canadian actor , writer and film director .
Ghulam Faruq Yaqubi was an Afghan politician and Army General .
Morris DeHaven Tracy was a prominent journalist of the 1920s and 1930s , who covered for the United Press wire service many of the important stories of the day , such as the Scopes Evolution Trial , the election of Pope Pius XII , and the tour of Canada of the then Prince of Wales .
Production company , Prospero Productions , explained that the series `` follows acclaimed actor and comedian Martin Clunes as he explores the most diverse , intriguing , remote and spectacular islands that surround Australia '' .
Greg B. Abbott `` Greg Abbott '' ( born May 2 , 1950 ) is a prominent American businessperson , investor , entrepreneur and novelist .
Chrysanthius of Sardis ( Greek : Χρυσάνθιος ) was a Greek philosopher of the 4th century AD who studied at the school of Iamblichus .
Amir Mir is a Pakistani journalist who is currently the Deputy Editor / Editor Investigations for the English - language Pakistani daily The News International , based in Lahore .
Kim Shushun ( born January 24 , 1979 ) , also known as Kin Hidetoshi , Kim Shujun , or Kim Sujun , is a professional Go player .
Nathan Stoltzfus is an American historian and Rintels Professor of Holocaust Studies in the history department at Florida State University .
Will Martinez ( born August 31 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in Bellator 's Featherweight division .
Irene Hunt ( May 8 , 1907 -- May 18 , 2001 ) was an American children 's writer known best for historical novels .
Vincenzo Chiarugi ( 1759 - -1820 ) was an Italian physician who helped introduce humanitarian reforms to the psychiatric hospital care of people with mental disorders .
Brenda Colvin CBE ( 1897 - -1981 ) was an important British landscape architect , author of standard works in the field and a force behind its professionalisation .
Wiley B. Glass ( 1874 - November 14 , 1967 ) was a Southern Baptist missionary in China with the North China Mission with his primary ministry being established in then Hwanghsien , China .
Peter Macon is an American television and stage actor .
Roland Sands ( born August 12 , 1974 ) is an American motorcycle racer and designer of custom high performance motorcycles .
Jimmie Selph ( June 23 , 1915 -- December 28 , 2000 ) , born James Coin Self , was a versatile American country music , rockabilly and bluegrass musician and occasional vocalist whose career peaked during the late 1940s--1950s .
Natasha Mostert is a South African author and writer presently living in London .
Kacy Andrews ( born February 27 , 1969 ) is an American film producer and CEO of Bigfoot Entertainment .
Géza Róheim ( Hungarian : Róheim Géza ; September 12 , 1891 -- June 7 , 1953 ) was a Hungarian psychoanalyst and anthropologist .
Wang Kuang - hui ( traditional Chinese : 王光輝 ; simplified Chinese : 王光辉 ; pinyin : Wáng Guānghuī ; Wade -- Giles : Wang2 Kuang1 Hui1 ; born November 12 , 1964 in Hualien County , Taiwan ) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player and the current reserve team of Brother Elephants .
Dominik Kahun ( born July 2 , 1995 ) is a Czech - born German ice hockey player .
Alfred Horn ( February 17 , 1918 -- April 16 , 2001 ) was an American mathematician notable for his work in lattice theory and universal algebra .
Leslie Heseltine , known as Les Dennis ( born 12 October 1953 ) is an English television presenter , actor and comedian , best known as the presenter of Family Fortunes for 15 years from 1987 until 2002 .
Sarad Singh Bhandari ( Nepali : शरदसिंह भण्डारी ) is a Nepalese politician .
Seedo ( also Sidow ) ( c. 1700 -- c. 1754 ) , also called Mr Seedo , as his forename is unknown , was a German composer who worked primarily in England .
Hugh Blumenfeld ( born October 11 , 1958 ) is an American folk musician and singer - songwriter from Connecticut .
Antar Laniyan is a Nigerian veteran actor , producer and film director .
Chin Fung Kee ( 1920 - -1990 ) was a respected and outstanding Malaysian civil engineer in engineering practice , as well as engineering research and education .
Anna Novakov is a Serbian - American art historian , critic , educator , and curator based at Saint Mary 's College of California .
David Knights - Whittome ( born David Knights Whittome , 1876 ) was a British portrait photographer , whose clients included royalty .
Dimitri Roditchev is French physicist of Russian - Ukrainian origin , specialist in electronic properties of nano - materials , superconductors , electron transport and quantum tunneling phenomena .
Vanessa Riopel ( born May 22 , 1990 ) is a Canadian baseball player from Quebec .
Jarett Park ( born October 25 , 1982 ) is a professional lacrosse player from Otisco , New York .
Ustad Bahadur Khan ( born Bahadur Hossain Khan , January 19 , 1931- October 3 , 1989 ) was an Indian sarod player and film score composer .
Marcus Aufidius ( or Alfidius ) Lurco or known as Aufidius Lurco , was a Roman magistrate who lived in the 1st century BC . Lurco was a member of the gens Aufidia , a Roman family of plebeian status , who appeared in the Roman Republic and Roman Empire .
George Quaintance ( June 3 , 1902 -- November 8 , 1957 ) was a gay American artist , famous for his `` idealized , strongly homoerotic '' depictions of men in mid-20th - century physique magazines .
Curtis D. Summers ( September 17 , 1929 -- May 11 , 1992 ) was an engineer and American roller coaster designer credited for designing or providing structural engineering on 25 wooden roller coasters around the world .
Jean - Jacques Blais , PC , QC ( born June 27 , 1940 ) is a former Canadian politician , who represented the riding of Nipissing in the Canadian House of Commons from 1972 to 1984 .
Ray R. Irani ( born January 13 , 1935 ) is the former chairman and chief executive officer of Occidental Petroleum .
Jay Jay French ( born John French Segall , July 20 , 1952 ) , is an American guitarist , manager and producer .
Willie Nile ( born Robert Anthony Noonan on June 7 , 1948 ) is an American singer - songwriter .
Bernhard Schottländer ( 1895 - -1920 ) was a German socialist politician and journalist .
Tino Rodríguez is a Mexican - American painter .
Josip Karaman ( September 18 , 1864 -- July 11 , 1921 ) was a Croatian film director and photographer .
Cindy Lorena Hermida Aguilar ( born December 9 , 1988 in Pitalito , Colombia ) is a Colombian model and beauty queen pageant first runner - up of the Miss Colombia 2012 and formally representative of Colombia Miss International 2013 )
Isadore Perlman ( April 12 , 1915 -- August 3 , 1991 ) was an American nuclear chemist noted for his research of Alpha particle decay .
Beside being a leading military figure of 17th - century Croatia and Hungary , Zrínyi is well known for his literary works , also reflected in his often - recited epithet Zrínyi Miklós , a költő hadvezér és politikus ( Hungarian for Miklós Zrínyi , the poet the general and the politician ) .
Takurō Mochizuki ( 望月 拓郎 ) of Kyoto University is a Japanese mathematician , whose research follows the Bourbaki style of generality and rigor .
Serafin Wiestner ( born July 20 , 1990 ) , is a Swiss biathlete .
Angel A. Cortiñas is an American lawyer and judge on the Florida Third District Court of Appeal .
Rambo Amadeus ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рамбо Амадеус , born Antonije Pušić , June 14 , 1963 ) is a Montenegrin - born Serbian singer - songwriter .
Louis Giambalvo ( born February 8 , 1945 ) is an American actor , frequently seen on television in guest roles .
Katherine Strueby ( 1908 - -1988 ) was an American - born British screenwriter .
Jonathan Ryan is an Irish actor , best known to television audiences as Bill Taylor in the soap opera Fair City .
Bernard Akana ( ? - April 12 , 1990 ) was an American engineer and politician .
Kurt Horres ( born 28 November 1932 ) is a German stage director , especially of opera , and an academic teacher at the Folkwang University .
Ricardo Emmanuel Brown ( born November 23 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Kurupt , is an American rapper , actor and former Executive Vice President of Death Row Records .
Jeff Belanger ( born August 8 , 1974 ) is an American author , public speaker and paranormal investigator .
Joseph Benedict Aquino Magsaysay , also known as JB Magsaysay ( born July 6 , 1980 ) , is a Filipino actor , a public servant , a businessman and was one of the 13 housemates of ABS - CBN 's Pinoy Big Brother , Season 1 .
Josh Hammond ( born September 7 , 1979 ) is an American actor , known for his film roles in Jeepers Creepers II , Black Cadillac , and The Brotherhood .
Tracey K is an Irish singer , songwriter best known for providing the vocals , as well as the lyrics for the UK Dance Chart topper `` The Cure and The Cause '' .
Caetano Veloso , a famous Brazilian composer and singer , made Henri Salvador famous to Brazilian audiences with the song `` Reconvexo '' , in which he says `` quem não sentiu o swing de Henri Salvador ? '' ( `` who has n't felt the swing of Henri Salvador ? '' ) .
Ronald James Gomez , Sr . , known as Ron Gomez ( born October 18 , 1934 ) , is a veteran print and broadcast journalist , author , and businessman from Lafayette , Louisiana , who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from Lafayette Parish , from 1980 to 1989 .
James of Ireland , O.F.M. , was an Irish Franciscan friar and explorer , fl .
Amy Alisara Arirachakaran ( born May 1 , 1986 in Tulsa , Oklahoma , Thai : อลิศรา อารีราชการัณย์ ) is a Thai - American figure skater .
Raffaele Menconi ( 1877 -- 1942 ) was an Italian sculptor who established a practice in New York City with his brother Giuseppe ( Joseph ) .
Emilio Rojas ( born April 16 , 1988 ) is an American recording artist and rapper .
Roy Goodman ( born 26 January 1951 ) is an English conductor and violinist , specialising in the performance and direction of early music .
Tribolet was an obscure troubadour , known only for one song , the obscene Us fotaires que no fo amoros .
Jim Shumate ( October 21 , 1921 -- October 10 , 2013 ) was a fiddler that played with Bill Monroe and the Blue Grass Boys from 1943 - -1945 .
Julian Todd is a British computer programmer and activist for freedom of information who works in Liverpool .
Jennifer Trynin , also credited as Jen Trynin , is an American singer - songwriter and author from Boston , Massachusetts .
Joseph Ruskin ( born Joseph Richard Schlafman ; April 14 , 1924 -- December 28 , 2013 ) was an American character actor .
Freddy Eytan , ( born January 1947 ) is an Israeli diplomat , former ambassador , writer and journalist .
Carlene Davis ( born c.1953 ) is a Jamaican gospel and reggae singer active since the 1970s .
Roel de Mon ( November 5 , 1919 in Haarlem -- November 2 , 1973 in Haarlem ) was a Dutch baseball player .
Myra Landau ( born December 5 , 1926 ) is an artist and painter involved in art research .
Elizabeth Poirier ( born October 27 , 1942 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American politician who represents the 14th Bristol district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and is the current Third Assistant House Minority Leader .
Benjamin Nils Kopec ( born November 10 , 1981 ) , known better by his stage name , Ben Kopec , is an American - based musician and composer .
Emel Sayın is a Turkish singer and movie actress .
Sibi Malayil ( born 2 May 1956 ) is an Indian film director known for his work in Malayalam cinema , most popular for his melodramas of the 1980s and 1990s .
Pam Rodriguez is an American glamour model of Guatemalan and Puerto Rican descent .
Ben Weasel ( born Benjamin Foster ) is a punk rock musician , best known as the lead singer and guitarist of bands Screeching Weasel and The Riverdales .
Henry Twiselton Elliston ( Ca . 1801 - 1864 ) , was an English musical composer and inventor .
Laura Gonçalves ( born February 4 , 1989 Baruta , Miranda , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan - Portuguese model and beauty titleholder .
Roman Chojnacki ( August 1 , 1875 ( 1879 ? ) , Łódź -- December 22 , 1938 , Warsaw ) was a Polish conductor .
Christopher Painter is a composer who was born at Port Talbot , South Wales in 1962 and studied music at University College , Cardiff .
Paul Brinegar ( December 19 , 1917 -- March 27 , 1995 ) was an American character actor best known for his roles in three western series , The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp , Rawhide , and Lancer .
Anthony Johnson Showalter ( May 1 , 1858 -- September 14 , 1924 ) was an American gospel music composer , teacher and publisher .
Mabel Cook Cole ( 1846 - -1923 ) was a writer and anthropologist .
Seth Dikun ( born August 5 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist , who is perhaps best known for his three fight stint in the Bantamweight division of the World Extreme Cagefighting .
Regan Cameron ( born in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a fashion , beauty and celebrity photographer .
Wolf Tegethoff ( born 1953 ) is a German art historian , an expert on Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and currently director of the Zentralinstitut für Kunstgeschichte , Munich .
Askia Muhammad is a poet , journalist , radio producer , commentator , and photojournalist .
Lee Selby ( born 14 February 1987 ) is a Welsh professional boxer and the current IBF featherweight champion .
Mariya Shekerova ( Uzbek : Мария Шекерова ; born December 9 , 1988 ) is an Uzbekistani and Russian judoka , who played for the heavyweight category .
Frédéric Abbès is a French archaeologist working on postdoctoral research , specialising in the stone or lithic industry of the Near East and Mediterranean .
Martín Sabbatella ( born April 14 , 1970 ) is an Argentine politician and director of the Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services .
Kym Goldsworthy is an Australian screenwriter and script editor , best known for his work in television .
Yoon Il - sang ( Korean : 윤일상 ; born February 21 , 1974 ) is a South Korean composer , producer , and songwriter .
Elisa Lucinda ( born February 2 , 1958 ) is a Brazilian actress , singer , poet , writer and journalist .
Alonzo B. Cook ( July 31 , 1866 - ? ) was an American politician who served as Massachusetts Auditor from 1915 - -1931 and was a candidate for Mayor of Boston in 1925 and in 1937 ; and United States Senator in 1936 .
Andrew Lih ( simplified Chinese : 郦安治 ; traditional Chinese : 酈安治 ; pinyin : Lì Ānzhì ) is a Chinese American new media researcher , consultant and writer , as well as an authority on both Wikipedia and internet censorship in the People 's Republic of China .
Gabriel B. Mindlin is an Associate Professor of physics at the University of Buenos Aires and a scientist whose research focuses on the physical mechanisms underlying the production of songs by songbirds .
Tim Willits is the creative director and former co - owner of video game developer i d Software .
Lyndon Lowell Olson , Jr. ( born March 7 , 1947 ) is an American politician and diplomat .
Brent F. Anderson ( October 15 , 1932 -- June 18 , 2013 ) was an American politician and electrical engineer who served as the fourth mayor of West Valley City , Utah , from 1987 until 1994 .
Sheldon Pitt , better known by his stage name Solitair , is a Canadian rapper and record producer from Toronto , Ontario .
Cassandra Bankson ( born November 11 , 1992 ) is an American model and online personality from San Francisco , California .
Rainaut de Pons was a castellan and troubadour from the March of Poitou in Saintonge .
Manley Justin Edwards ( February 18 , 1892 -- May 8 , 1962 ) was a barrister , teacher and Canadian federal politician .
Doug Gray ( born May 22 , 1948 ) is an American singer best known as the lead vocalist of The Marshall Tucker Band .
Eerie Von ( born Eric Stellmann ; August 25 , 1964 ) is a musician best known as the original bassist for the metal band Danzig .
Byron Thames ( born April 23 , 1969 ) is an American television and film actor and musician .
Guilherme Roth dos Santos ( born October 11 , 1982 in Caxias do Sul ) is a Brazilian competitive swimmer .
Paul Lansky ( born June 18 , 1944 , in New York ) is an American electronic - music or computer - music composer who has been producing works from the 1970s up to the present day .
Michael Reinhardt ( born Michael Max Reinhardt aka Mike Reinhardt ) is an American photographer whose images were featured in magazines such as Vogue , Harper 's Bazaar and Sports Illustrated .
Sir Ukwatte Jayasundera , QC was a Ceylonese lawyer and politician .
Manju Pillai is the grand daughter of Veteran Malayalam actor S. P. Pillai . She did her undergraduate studies from Mar Ivanious College Trivandrum . She was married to Malayalam cine - serial artist Mukundan Menon & was later divorced . Later she married cinematographer Sujith Vasudev on 23 December 2000 .
JS16 , real name Jaakko Salovaara , is a Finnish musician and record producer .
Vladimir J. Konečni ( born October 27 , 1944 ) is an American and Serbian psychologist , aesthetician , poet , dramatist , fiction writer , and art photographer , currently an Emeritus Professor of Psychology at the University of California , San Diego .
Luigi Astolfi ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈid͡ʒi asˈtɔlfi ) ; 1790s--1860s ) was an Italian dancer , choreographer , and composer .
Isabelle Blanc ( born July 25 , 1975 ) is a French snowboarder and Olympic champion .
In the same year Jane Carlile was in turn sentenced to two years imprisonment for seditious libel , and her place as publisher was taken by Richard Carlile 's sister , Mary .
David Záizar was a Mexican ranchera singer and actor who appeared in many Mexican films .
Dave Carter ( August 13 , 1952 -- July 19 , 2002 ) was an American folk singer - songwriter who described his style as `` post - modern mythic American folk music . ''
Antonio Farré ( born August 22 , 1961 ) is a Spanish actor , voice - over artist , and television host .
Adib Khan is an Australian novelist of Bangladeshi origin .
Charles Robinson , Jr. ( November 6 , 1829 - -July 30 , 1891 ) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the eighth mayor of Charlestown , Massachusetts .
Lee Wilkof ( born June 25 , 1951 ) is an American actor and veteran of the Broadway stage .
Christine Ohlman ( born November 25 , in the Bronx , New York City ) is a singer , songwriter , guitarist , recording artist , music scholar .
Francisco Marins , ( born November 23 , 1922 ) is a Brazilian writer .
Gail Katz is a film , television , and theatrical producer .
Charles Arnoldi , also known as Chuck Arnoldi and as Charles Arthur Arnoldi is an American painter , sculptor and printmaker .
Deepthi Kumara Gunarathne is a Sri Lankan activist , critic and politician .
Mayanti Langer is an Indian TV sports journalist with STAR .
Sir Henry Erskine , 5th Baronet ( ca . 1710 -- 7 August 1765 ) was a Scottish soldier and politician .
Prabhu Solomon ( Tamil : பிரபு சாலமன் ; born 7 May 1969 ) is an Indian film director who has primarily worked on Tamil films .
Gerardus Mes or Gherardus ( fl . c. 1561 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer .
Zane Buzby is an American actress , philanthropist , film director and television director .
Matthew Knight ( born c. 1994 ) is a Canadian actor who made his debut in 2002 when he played Peter in a television episode of Queer as Folk .
Robert Ladislas Derr is an American artist and educator born in the early 1970s .
Philip P. Mason is an American archivist and author , as well as the founding director of the Walter P. Reuther Library of Labor and Urban Affairs on the campus of Wayne State University in Detroit .
Warren Staley is the former chief executive officer of Cargill , Inc. of Minneapolis , Minnesota , USA .
Ivan Dawson , CBE was a British Virgin Islands politician .
Preben Maegaard ( born September 25 , 1935 ) , is a Danish renewable energy pioneer , author and expert .
Tench Coxe ( May 22 , 1755 -- July 17 , 1824 ) was an American political economist and a delegate for Pennsylvania to the Continental Congress in 1788 - 1789 .
A noted American poet , Anne Spencer was also a teacher , civil rights activist , librarian , and gardener .
Abraham Dimitri Rihbany known as Abraham Mitrie Rihbany ( Arabic : أبراهام متري الرحباني‎ , 1869 - 1944 ; sometimes spelled Rahbany ) was an American theologian , philologist and historian of Greek Orthodox Lebanese descent .
Boris Krajný is a Czech pianist , b. 1945 , best known for his work on Czech and French pianism - he was awarded the Académie Charles Cros 's 1982 Grand Prix du Disque for his recording of Albert Roussel , Arthur Honegger and Francis Poulenc piano concertos .
Grover Dale ( born July 22 , 1935 ) is an American actor , dancer , choreographer and theatre director .
John Wimpole or Wynpol , of Canterbury , Kent , was an English politician .
Tobias Ericsson ( born July 29 , 1987 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player ( left wing ) .
Holiday of My Lifetime is a documentary show for BBC One that began on 20 October 2014 and is hosted by Len Goodman .
Rhogogaster is a genus of sawflies in the family Tenthredinidae .
Fumonelix archeri ( syn . Mesodon archeri ) is a species of land snail in the family Polygyridae known commonly as Archer 's toothed land snail and Ocoee covert .
In plant systematics Apostasioideae is one of the five subfamilies recognised within the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Praemordella martynovi is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Praemordella .
Phataria is a genus of sea stars in the family Ophidiasteridae from warmer parts of the East Pacific .
Neochryopus savagei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Neochryopus .
Phrypeus rickseckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Phrypeus .
Uloborus is a spider genus in the family Uloboridae with 72 described species .
Stixaceae is a family in the plant order Brassicales .
The Cape cormorant or Cape shag ( Phalacrocorax capensis ) is a bird endemic to the southwestern coasts of Africa .
Leschenault 's rousette ( Rousettus leschenaultii ) is a species of fruit bat .
The Xingu corydoras ( Corydoras xinguensis ) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub - family of the Callichthyidae family .
Kirtland 's warbler ( Setophaga kirtlandii ) , also known as the jack pine warbler , is a small songbird of the New World warbler family ( Parulidae ) , named after Jared P. Kirtland , an Ohio doctor and amateur naturalist .
Eidocamptophallus chacei is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae , and the only species in the genus Eidocamptophallus .
John Dory , St Pierre or Peter 's Fish , refers to fish of the genus Zeus , especially Zeus faber , of widespread distribution .
Cyanomethia pseudothonalmus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cyanomethia .
Sphaerocinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails , sea butterflies , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks within the superfamily Cavolinioidea .
Malachius is a genus of soft - winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Malachiinae .
Neomysis ( from the Greek affix neo- , `` new '' , and the genus name Mysis ) is a genus of opossum shrimp ( mysid crustacean ) from the family Mysidae , distributed in the coastal zone of temperate seas of the Northern Hemisphere and South America .
Crocus kotschyanus , Kotschy 's crocus , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae , found from Turkey to Caucasus and Lebanon .
The family Messicobolidae is one of the smaller families of millipedes in the Order Spirobolida ( fewer than 30 described species ) .
The Berry Cave salamander ( Gyrinophilus gulolineatus ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae , endemic to the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians of eastern Tennessee in the United States .
Vitalisia alternata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Metacorimus mroczkowskii is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae , the only species in the genus Metacorimus .
Geoglobus is a hyperthermophilic member of the Archaeoglobaceae within the Euryarchaeota .
As a group within the sub - order Amblycera , lice within the family Menoponidae are still partially dependent on blood as a source of food and are therefore better able to be generalists .
Palaeotrachyderes laticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Palaeotrachyderes .
The African giant free - tailed bat ( Tadarida ventralis ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
The Ansell 's shrew ( Crocidura ansellorum ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Plectocomia is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family native to China , the Himalayas , and Southeast Asia .
The Bering wolffish ( Anarhichas orientalis ) is a marine fish in the family Anarhichadidae , the `` wolffish '' .
Despite their common name , Jerusalem crickets are not true crickets , as they belong to the family Stenopelmatidae , while true crickets belong to the family Gryllidae ; nor are they native to Jerusalem .
Leptofoenus is a genus of wasp in the family Pteromalidae , the type genus subfamily Leptofoeninae found in South , Central , and southern North America .
Protomeroleuca is a monotypic genus of moths of the Noctuidae family .
Megistostigma is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1887 .
Acastoidea is a superfamily of trilobites from the order Phacopida , suborder Phacopina .
Oilea spinalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Oilea .
The Fujian niltava ( Niltava davidi ) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family .
Macromorphus boisduvali is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Macromorphus .
The Exopterygota , also known as Hemipterodea , are a superorder of insects of the subclass Pterygota in the infraclass Neoptera , in which the young resemble adults but have externally developing wings .
Montenegrina is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails , all of which have a clausilium .
Ainsworthia is a genus of two species of plants in the Apiaceae family , all of which are endemic to Southwest Asia , Cyprus , and European Turkey .
Demonarosa is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae from Asia .
Recent research shows that the genus Protosphyraena is not at all related to the true swordfish - family Xiphiidae , but belongs to the extinct family Pachycormidae .
The Kashmir flying squirrel ( Eoglaucomys fimbriatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Ceraptila was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered to be a synonym of Rhynchina .
Picconia ( Picconia ) is a genus of two species flowering plants in the family Oleaceae .
Akebia is a genus of five species of flowering plant , within the family Lardizabalaceae .
Methanococcus is a genus of coccoid methanogens of the family Methanococcaceae .
The Anchieta 's sunbird ( Anthreptes anchietae ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The Philippine cobra ( Naja philippinensis ) also called northern Philippine cobra , is a stocky , highly venomous species of spitting cobra native to the northern regions of the Philippines .
The Panama hake ( Merluccius angustimanus ) is a merluccid hake of the genus Merluccius , found off the west coast of the Americas from Del Mar , California , to Ensenada de Tumaco , Colombia .
Odontobatrachus is a genus of frogs in the comprising the family Odontobatrachidae .
Hydatina is a genus of sea snails , bubble snails , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aplustridae .
Cissus is a genus of approximately 350 species of woody vines in the grape family ( Vitaceae ) .
Cyathocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids belonging to the family Cyathocrinitidae .
The New Zealand topknot , Notoclinus fenestratus , is a triplefin of the genus Notoclinus , found around the North Island of New Zealand in reef areas of broken rock and brown seaweed .
Uroplatus is a genus of geckos , commonly referred to as leaf - tail geckos , leaf - tailed geckos , or flat - tailed geckos , which are endemic to Madagascar and its coastal islands , such as Nosy Be .
Syrnolopsis is a genus of medium - sized freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae .
Etaballia dubia is a species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Cotyachryson is a genus of round - necked longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Cerambycinae .
The Leerfish , also Garrick ( Lichia amia ) is a species of marine fish in the Carangidae family , and is native to the Mediterranean and the coastal waters of western Africa to the coastal waters of eastern South Africa .
Dioon is a genus of cycads in the family Zamiaceae .
Spongilla is a genus of freshwater sponges in the family Spongillidae found in lakes and slow streams .
The Aran rock lizard ( Iberolacerta aranica ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
The Transcaucasian water shrew ( Neomys teres ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The subclass Euechinoidea includes almost all living species of sea urchin , and fossil forms going back as far as the Triassic .
The Planalto tapaculo ( Scytalopus pachecoi ) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Scytalopus , a genus of tapaculos .
Pelargonium line pattern virus ( PLPV ) is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tombusviridae .
Aulacospermum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , with 14 species .
Gaudryceratidae is a family belonging to the extinct ammonoid suborder Lytoceratina that lived from the Barremian of the Lower Cretaceous to the Maastrichtian of the Upper Cretaceous .
Chard ( Beta vulgaris subsp . vulgaris , Cicla - Group and Flavescens - Group ) is a leafy green vegetable often used in Mediterranean cooking .
Vitellariopsis is a group of plants in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1915 .
Helicophanta is a genus of air - breathing land snails , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropods mollusks in the family Acavidae .
The Sahamalaza sportive lemur ( Lepilemur sahamalazensis ) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Thorius , also known as minute salamanders , pigmy salamanders , or Mexican pigmy salamanders , is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae .
Fustiaria is a genus of scaphopods in the order Dentaliida and is the only genus comprising the family Fustiariidae , with 24 species .
Pachylemur remains were first described in 1895 by French zoologist Henri Filhol and were originally included in the genus Lemur , along with the ring - tailed lemur and other close relatives currently classified within the family Lemuridae .
Lithogenes is a genus of South American catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Loricariidae .
Clavulinopsis is a genus of coral fungi in the Clavariaceae family .
Callipteridium is an extinct genus of pteridospermous seed ferns belonging to the family Cyclopteridaceae .
The Pomona roundleaf bat , Pomona leaf - nosed bat , or Andersen 's leaf - nosed bat ( Hipposideros pomona ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Finsch 's duck ( Chenonetta finschi ) was a large terrestrial species of duck formerly endemic to New Zealand .
Sudeticeratidae is one of nine families of the Pericyclaceae superfamily .
Secamonoideae is a subfamily of the dogbane family , Apocynaceae .
Battarreoides ( Battarraeoides is a variant spelling ) is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae .
The Acadian flycatcher ( Empidonax virescens ) is a small insect - eating bird of the tyrant flycatcher family .
Breynia is a plant genus in the family Phyllanthaceae , first described as a genus in 1776 .
The Brandt 's cormorant ( Phalacrocorax penicillatus ) is a strictly marine bird of the cormorant family of seabirds that inhabits the Pacific coast of North America .
Marstoniopsis is a genus of minute freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Amnicolidae .
James ' sportive lemur ( Lepilemur jamesorum ) , or the Manombo sportive lemur , is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Brown 's pademelon ( Thylogale browni ) is a species of marsupial in the family Macropodidae .
The Trocholitidae are Tarphycerida with whorls in close contact as with the Tarphyceratidae , but in which the siphuncle , similar in structure , becomes dorsal .
Heteraneflus castaneus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Heteraneflus .
Xylocopa violacea , the violet carpenter bee , is the common European species of carpenter bee , and one of the largest bees in Europe .
Annamocarya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae , containing only one species , Annamocarya sinensis , native to southwestern China ( Guangxi , Guizhou , Yunnan ) and northern Vietnam .
The Pacific oyster , Japanese oyster or Miyagi oyster ( Crassostrea gigas ) , is an oyster native to the Pacific coast of Asia .
Oncagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida , which existed in what is now Shandong , China .
The Southeast Asian shrew ( Crocidura fuliginosa ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Tegeticula is a genus of moths of the Prodoxidae family , one of three genera known as yucca moths ; they are mutualistic pollinators of various Yucca species .
The Essex skipper ( Thymelicus lineola ) is a butterfly in family Hesperiidae .
The Dar es Salaam pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus permixtus ) is a species of vesper bat .
Conotrochus is a genus of small corals in the family Caryophylliidae .
Nattrassia is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae for which there is the single species Nattrassia mangiferae .
Sivanesania is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae for which there is the sole species Sivanesania rubi .
Actinella is a genus of land snails in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
The Lord Howe swamphen or white gallinule ( Porphyrio albus ) was a large bird in the family Rallidae endemic to Lord Howe Island , Australia .
Stomatellinae is a subfamily of small sea snails with a brilliantly nacreous interior of the shell , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
The AEECL 's sportive lemur , Antafia sportive lemur or red - shouldered sportive lemur ( Lepilemur aeeclis ) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Platysphyrus tibialis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Platysphyrus .
Cauarana iheringi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cauarana .
Poecilanthrax is a large , primarily Nearctic genus of flies belonging to the family Bombyliidae ( bee - flies ) .
Pleuroloba is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae , the salt marsh snails .
Adelia is a genus of flowering plants in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae , subfamily Acalyphoideae .
Hymenopyramis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1843 .
The Black - headed blenny ( Microlipophrys nigriceps ) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Mediterranean Sea .
The Oruge tree frog ( Litoria modica ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
The Dionycha are a phylogenetic group of spiders ( Araneomorphae : Entelegynae ) with about 10,000 species .
The Pacific footballfish ( Himantolophus sagamius ) is a species found in the Pacific :
The Cape kurper ( Sandelia capensis ) is a species of fish in the Anabantidae family .
Marley 's butterflyfish , Chaetodon marleyi , is a species of fish in the Chaetodontidae family .
The Perilampidae are a small family within the Chalcidoidea , composed mostly of hyperparasitoids .
Lepismatidae is a family of primitive wingless insects belonging to the order Thysanura with about 190 described species .
The Tamaulipas shiner ( Notropis braytoni ) is a small North American freshwater fish , living in the Rio Grande drainage in Texas and northern Mexico .
Celtis ehrenbergiana , called the desert hackberry or spiny hackberry , is a plant species that has long been called C. pallida by many authors , including in the `` Flora of North America '' database .
The Mediterranean moray ( sometimes also called Roman eel , Muraena helena ) is a fish of the moray eel family .
The Helena 's marsupial frog ( Gastrotheca helenae ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
The Arizona myotis ( Myotis occultus ) is a vesper bat species inhabiting much of the southwestern United States and central Mexico as far south as the Distrito Federal .
Clithon is a genus of freshwater snails or brackish snails that have an operculum , aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Neritidae , the nerites .
The Sumatran drongo ( Dicrurus sumatranus ) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family .
Pimelea ( often seen spelled Pimelia , which is the name of a genus of beetles ) is a genus of plants belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae .
Amblycheila baroni Rivers , 1890 -- montane giant tiger beetle Amblycheila cylindriformis ( Say , 1823 ) --
The Inca wren ( Pheugopedius eisenmanni ) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family .
Hemirhamphodon is a genus of viviparous halfbeak .
The Bogotá rail ( Rallus semiplumbeus ) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
Gould 's wattled bat ( Chalinolobus gouldii ) is a species of Australian wattled bat named after the English naturalist John Gould .
The Chilean jack mackerel ( Trachurus murphyi ) sometimes called the Inca scad , is a species of jack mackerel in the genus Trachurus of the family Carangidae .
Deltacoronaviruses are one of the four genera , alpha , beta , gamma , and delta in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae .
Pseudoseptis was a genus of moths that belongs to the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Dichagyris .
Alloeomorphus formosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Alloeomorphus .
The Sailfin snake - eel ( Letharchus rosenblatti , also known as the Black sailfin eel in Mexico ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Phaulothamnus is a genus of plants formerly included in the family Phytolaccaceae but now considered a part of the Achatocarpaceae .
Cheilostomata ( accepted name Cheilostomatida ) , an order of Bryozoa in the class Gymnolaemata , are exclusively marine , colonial invertebrate animals .
The Goldspotted eel ( Myrichthys ocellatus , also known as the Goldspotted snake eel or the Dark - spotted snake eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Argyrotaenia is a genus of moths the in the tribe Archipini within the family Tortricidae .
Holopyga fastuosa is a species of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae .
The Guianan warbling antbird ( Hypocnemis cantator ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Ostracods , or ostracodes , are a class of the Crustacea ( class Ostracoda ) , sometimes known as seed shrimp .
Stein 's cuscus ( Phalanger vestitus ) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae .
Kalinowski 's mouse opossum or the Peru gracile mouse opossum ( Hyladelphys kalinowskii ) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
The Corbiculacea are a suborder of freshwater clams , aquatic bivalve molluscs in the order Veneroida .
Apium virus Y ( AVY ) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae .
Ridley 's bat ( Myotis ridleyi ) is a species of vesper bat .
Rhodnius is a genus of assassin bugs in the subfamily Triatominae ( the kissing bugs ) , and is an important vector in the spread of Chagas disease .
Elrodoceras , which comes from the Middle Silurian of North America and Europe , is a late armenoceratid and , according to Curt Teichert , 1964 , a member of one of the two branches of the Armenoceratidae that also includes Armenoceras and Monocyrtoceras .
Apollonaster is a genus of abyssal sea stars in the family Goniasteridae .
The Hygrophoropsidaceae are a family of mushrooms that are gilled in appearance but lie within the Boletales .
The Antillean crested hummingbird ( Orthorhyncus cristatus ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
The Greater Antillean elaenia ( Elaenia fallax ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Accordingly , Dwyer 's snake , which was originally named Denisonia dwyeri by Worrell in 1956 , has been variously called Unechis dwyeri by Cogger in 1983 , Suta dwyeri by Valentic in 1998 , Suta spectabilis dwyeri by Cogger in 2000 , and Parasuta dwyeri by Greer in 2006 .
In taxonomy , Bryopsis is a genus of marine green algae , specifically of the Bryopsidaceae .
Sleumerodendron is a monotypic genus of plant in the Proteaceae family .
Vandopsis , abbreviated as Vdps in horticultural trade , is a genus of orchids in family Orchidaceae .
Apoderus is a genus of leaf - rolling beetles belonging to the family Attelabidae subfamily Attelaninae .
Acteonella is a genus of extinct sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the extinct family Acteonellidae .
Heteromeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Protoceratidae , endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch ( Duchesnean to Chadronian stage ) 40.2 - -33.9 Ma , existing for approximately 6.3 million years .
Diplogyniidae is a family of parasitic mites belonging to the order Mesostigmata .
The Brandt 's mountain finch or black - headed mountain - finch ( Leucosticte brandti ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Ankasocris is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family , containing only one species , Ankasocris striatus .
Sassafras is a genus of three extant and one extinct species of deciduous trees in the family Lauraceae , native to eastern North America and eastern Asia .
The Ugandan lowland shrew ( Crocidura selina ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Dermatobranchus is a genus of sea slugs , or nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Arminidae .
The Umpqua chub ( Oregonichthys kalawatseti ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
According to FishBase , they are part of the family Centriscidae , but some authorities split that family , in which case the genus Macroramphosus is in the family Macroramphosidae .
As a member of Biarmosuchia , the most basal group of therapsids , Lycaenodon shares many features with earlier and less mammal - like synapsids like Dimetrodon .
Linsleychroma monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae ; the only species in the genus Linsleychroma .
The Bignose conger ( Rhynchoconger nitens , also known as the Needletail conger ) is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger / garden eels ) .
Cylindrobulla is the type genus of the family Cylindrobullidae and it is the only genus in the family .
Paracorophium is a genus of amphipods in the family Corophiidae .
Bucaniidae is an extinct family of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position possibly being either Gastropods or Monoplacophorans in the superfamily Bellerophontoidea .
Neoclaviceps is a fungal genus of fungi in the family Clavicipitaceae .
Taxonomically , Homo is the only genus assigned to the subtribe Hominina which , with the subtribes Australopithecina and Panina , comprise the tribe Hominini ( see evolutionary tree below ) .
Xenodontinae is a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes .
The Shortfin lizardfish ( Saurida micropectoralis ) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly off the coast of Japan .
Tangarona pensa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Tangarona .
The Venezuelan flowerpiercer ( Diglossa venezuelensis ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
The Greenbrier cavesnail , scientific name Fontigens turritella , is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Saururus is a genus of plants in the family Saururaceae containing two species .
The Australian brushturkey or Australian brush - turkey ( Alectura lathami ) , also frequently called the scrub turkey or bush turkey , is a common , widespread species of mound - building bird from the family Megapodiidae found in eastern Australia from Far North Queensland to Illawarra in New South Wales .
Wegelina is a genus of funguy in the family Calosphaeriaceae containing 7 species .
Felis margarita margarita is a subspecies of the sand cat , inhabiting the Sahara .
The Australian water dragon ( Intellagama lesueurii , formerly Physignathus lesueurii ) , which includes the eastern water dragon ( I. l. lesueurii ) and the Gippsland water dragon ( I. l. howittii ) subspecies , is an arboreal agamid species native to eastern Australia from Victoria northwards to Queensland .
The Javan spitting cobra ( Naja sputatrix ) also called the southern Indonesian cobra , or Indonesian cobra , is a stocky and highly venomous species of spitting cobra native to Indonesia .
The Chiapan climbing rat ( Tylomys bullaris ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Chlorion is a genus of Hymenoptera of the Sphecidae family of wasps .
The Nicobar long - tailed macaque ( Macaca fascicularis umbrosa , popularly known as the Nicobar monkey ) is a subspecies of the crab - eating macaque ( M. fascicularis ) , endemic to the Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal .
Chlopsis is a genus of eels of the family Chlopsidae .
Zeuneria is a genus of katydids crickets in family Phaneropteridae subfamily Phaneropterinae .
Lanelater is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae .
Pauridia is a flowering plant genus in the family Hypoxidaceae , endemic to South Africa .
Macrophoma is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae .
Copiphana was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Teinoptera .
Wainuia is a genus of air - breathing predatory land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Rhytididae .
Dermestes is a genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae , the skin beetles .
The Malagasy sheldgoose ( Centrornis majori ) is an extinct monotypic species of large goose in the shelduck subfamily .
The Doucet 's musk shrew ( Crocidura douceti ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Leucospermum ( Pincushion , Pincushion Protea or Leucospermum ) is a genus of about 50 species of flowering plants in the family Proteaceae , native to Zimbabwe and South Africa , where they occupy a variety of habitats , including scrub , forest , and mountain slopes .
Mimagoniatites is a genus of ammonoid cephalopod which lived during the early Devonian , regarded as belonging to the Agoniatitdae as a member of the subfamily Mimagoniatitinae .
Saussure 's shrew ( Sorex saussurei ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Anopla are a class of marine worms of the phylum Nemertea , characterized by the absence of stylets on the proboscis , the mouth being below or behind the brain , and by having separate openings for the mouth and proboscis .
Furcifer angeli , also known as Angel 's chameleon , initially described as Chamaeleo angeli , is a species of chameleon that is endemic to northwest Madagascar .
Byrsonima is one of about 75 genera in the Malpighiaceae , a family of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales .
Heliothinae is a small subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae .
The Kimberley froglet , Crinia fimbriata , is an Australian froglet found on the Mitchell Plateau in the north - west region of the Kimberley Mountains in Western Australia .
Ivantstov & Fedonkin ( 2002 ) , suggest that Rugoconites may possess tri - radial symmetry and be a member of the Trilobozoa .
Barberetta is a genus of herbs in the family Haemodoraceae , first described as a genus in 1868 .
The Continental Divide tree frog , Isthmohyla graceae , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Panama and possibly Costa Rica .
Phylogenetic analyses place Barasaurus within the Owenettidae , the sister taxon of Procolophonidae .
The Spanish algyroides ( Algyroides marchi ) , also commonly known as the Spanish keeled lizard or Valverde 's lizard , is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Luetzelburgia ( common names include sucupira and angelim ) is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Bittium is a genus of very small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae , the horn snails .
Palmulacypraea is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries
Cabrera 's hutia ( Mesocapromys angelcabrerai ) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae .
Prevost 's ground sparrow ( Melozone biarcuatum ) , also known as the white - faced ground sparrow , is an American sparrow .
Palaeonictis is an extinct hyena - like predatory mammal belonging to the family Oxyaenidae , existing from the late Paleocene to the early Eocene times .
Anacoracidae is an extinct shark family in the order Lamniformes .
Trichilogaster is a small genus of chalcid wasps in the family Pteromalidae , subfamily Ormocerinae .
Carlowrightia is a genus of flowering plants in the bear 's breeches family , Acanthaceae .
Dodecastigma is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1932 .
The Kashmir flycatcher ( Ficedula subrubra ) is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family Muscicapidae .
The Guadalupe caracara ( Caracara lutosa ) or mourning caracara is an extinct bird of prey belonging to the falcon family ( Falconidae ) .
Levinellidae is a family of sponges in the order Clathrinida .
Thalassoceratidae a family of late Paleozoic ammonites included in the goniatitid superfamily Thalassoceratoidea along with the Bisatoceratidae .
Lewin 's rail ( Lewinia pectoralis ) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
The Basilan flying squirrel ( Philippines flying squirrel or Mindanao flying squirrel ) ( Petinomys crinitus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Exema is a genus of leaf beetles in the tribe Chlamisini .
The seamoths make up a family of fishes , the Pegasidae , within the order Gasterosteiformes .
Micropterix is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the insect order Lepidoptera within the family Micropterigidae that is distributed across Europe south to North Africa and east as far as Japan .
The Natal ghost frog ( Hadromophryne natalensis ) is a species of frog in the Heleophrynidae family .
The Asian gray shrew ( Crocidura attenuata ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Ctenothrissa is a prehistoric genus of ray - finned fish in the supposed order `` Ctenothrissiformes '' .
The Japanese whiting , Sillago japonica , ( also known as the Japanese sillago or Shiro - gisu ) is a common species of coastal marine fish belonging to the smelt - whiting family , Sillaginidae .
The Nevis skink , Oligosoma toka , is a nationally vulnerable species of skink native to New Zealand .
The Gulf menhaden ( Brevoortia patronus ) is a small marine filter feeding fish belonging to the family Clupeidae .
Theraphosinae is a large subfamily of Mygalomorphae spiders in the Theraphosidae family found if the Neotropical ecozone .
Within Massospondylidae , Leyesaurus was found to be most closely related to Adeopapposaurus .
Vieira 's titi monkey ( Callicebus vieirai ) is a species of titi , a type of New World monkey , from central - northern Brazil .
In 2004 , such a relationship was established between Melanophylla , Aralidium and Torricellia , resulting in the transfer of the first two of these genera into Torricelliaceae .
The Bombay duck or bummalo , Harpadon nehereus , ( Bengali : bamaloh or loytta , Marathi : bombil , Sinhala : bombeli , Urdu : بمبل مچھلی ) is , despite its name , not a duck but a lizardfish .
The Guinean weever ( Trachinus armatus ) is a fish of the Trachinidae family , widespread in the eastern Atlantic along the coasts of Africa from Mauritania to Angola .
Proatriplex is a monotypic plant genus in the subfamily Chenopodioideae of the Amaranthaceae family , with the only species Proatriplex pleiantha ( Syn . Atriplex pleiantha ) .
Berlanguella is a genus of sea slugs , specifically dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Chromodorididae .
The Limacinidae are a family of small sea snails , pteropods , pelagic marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Thecosomata ( sea butterflies ) .
Scolosanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the coffee family , Rubiaceae .
Pseudolecanactis is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae ; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota , the placement in this family is uncertain .
The Milkweed Leaf Beetle ( Latin : Labidomera clivicollis ) is a species of Beetle from the family Chrysomelidae .
Myrmeanthrenus frontalis is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Myrmeanthrenus .
Lenophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the orpine family , Crassulaceae .
Saukiella is a genus of trilobite of the Saukiidae family .
Trigonias is an extinct genus of rhinoceros from the late Eocene ( Chadronian ) some 35 million years ago of North America ( Prothero , 2005 ) .
Stenopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha , in the infraorder Caeciliusetae .
Sisyrinchieae is the second largest tribe in the Iridoideae subfamily .
Monterissa is a genus of minute cave snails with an operculum , gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrocenidae .
Siphopatella walshi ( Syn . Crepidula walshi ) , common name : the Eastern White Slipper Limpet , is a species of small sea snail , a slipper snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae , the slipper snails or slipper limpets , cup - and - saucer snails , and Chinese hat snails .
The Kano mole ( Mogera kanoana ) is a species of mole native to Taiwan .
Agastrioceras is a genus of belonging to the Gastrioceratidae families .
Sericomyia is a genus of large Hoverflies , from the family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera .
Titanites is an extinct ammonite cephalopod genus within the family Dorsoplanitidae , that lived during the upper Tithonian stage of the Late Jurassic .
Dalodesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida , containing at least 250 species found in the Southern Hemisphere .
Recent phylogenentic studies of Crassulaceae indicate that Aichryson is closely related to Monanthes and Aeonium ( both genera are also largely endemic to the Canary Islands ) .
The Alexandrine parakeet or Alexandrian parrot ( Psittacula eupatria ) is a member of the psittaciformes order and of the Psittaculidae family .
Safflower ( Carthamus tinctorius L. ) is a highly branched , herbaceous , thistle - like annual plant .
Paragehyra is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae ( geckos ) .
The Chinese cobra ( Naja atra ) , also called Taiwan cobra , is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family , found mostly in southern China and a couple of neighboring nations and islands .
Marstonia scalariformis , previously known as Pyrgulopsis scalariformis , common name the moss pyrg , is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Ornithomyinae is a subfamily of the fly family Hippoboscidae .
Boulenger 's pipe snake , Cylindrophis boulengeri , is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Indonesia .
The Indian roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros lankadiva ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Woosnam 's broad - headed mouse or Woosnam 's zelotomys ( Zelotomys woosnami ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Zapata rail ( Cyanolimnas cerverai ) is a medium - sized , dark - coloured rail , the only member of the monotypic genus Cyanolimnas .
Gomphillus is a genus of lichens within the Gomphillaceae family .
The insect tribe Stromboscerini is part of the weevil family Curculionidae , subfamily Dryophthorinae .
The Angel Island mouse or La Guarda deermouse ( Peromyscus guardia ) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae .
With reexamination of the tribe Agathidiini to which they belong , they were reclassified under a new genus Gelae in 2004 .
Kailola 's hardyhead ( Craterocephalus kailolae ) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Subfamily Anguinae Genus Anguis Anguis cephallonica , Peloponnese slow worm --
The Saint Lucia mullet ( Liza luciae ) is a species of fish in the Mugilidae family .
The Moussier 's redstart ( Phoenicurus moussieri ) is a small passerine bird in the genus Phoenicurus ( redstarts ) , formerly classed as a member of the thrush family ( Turdidae ) , but is now classified as an Old World flycatcher ( Muscicapidae ) .
Argonauta nodosa , also known as the knobby or knobbed argonaut , is a species of pelagic octopus .
Afrobrunnichia is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with two species in West Africa .
Philinoglossidae is a family of marine snails , gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Philinoidea .
The Seram small tree - nymph ( Ideopsis klassika ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae family .
Fraxinus anomala is a species of ash tree known by the common name single - leaf ash .
Wislouchiella is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Chlamydomonadales .
Argocoffeopsis is a genus of 10 species flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Cheirodendron is a genus of flowering plant in the ivy family , Araliaceae .
Based on morphological and molecular analyses , Monotropastrum has been placed in the Ericaceae subfamily Monotropoideae , and the tribe Monotropeae .
The Tanimbar oriole ( Oriolus decipiens ) is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family .
Aethoceras is a Tarphycerida nautiloid included in the family Estonioceratidae for which the shell is a loosely coiled , gradually expanding dextral torticone with a slightly derpressed whorl section .
Aplectrum hyemale is a species of orchid in the family Orchidaceae native to the eastern United States and Canada , from Oklahoma east to the Carolinas and north to Minnesota , Ontario , Quebec and Massachusetts .
The American butterfish ( also known as the Atlantic butterfish ) , Peprilus triacanthus , is a butterfish of the family Stromateidae .
Homaloceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod from the Middle Devonian with a strongly curved shell , included in the nautilid family Centroceratidae .
Massoniinae is a flowering plant subtribe in the tribe Hyacintheae .
Drepanosaurus is a genus of Drepanosauridae , a group of diapsid reptiles known for their prehensile tails .
Dargeclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , consisting of one species , Dargeclanis grandidieri , which is known from Madagascar and the Comoros .
Allotrioceras is a tubular fossil from the Middle Ordovician of the state of New York , collected by Rousseau H. Flower ; included by him in the Endocerida and placed in a new family , the Allotrioceratidae .
Winnipegoceras is included in the discosorid family Westonoceratidae and is derived from Westonoceras .
Eoacanthocephala is a class of parasitic worms , within the phylum Acanthocephala .
Hoffmann 's woodpecker , Melanerpes hoffmannii , is a resident breeding bird from southern Honduras south to Costa Rica .
Promicroceras is included in the family Eoderoceratidae , which is part of the ammonitid superfamily Eoderocerataceae .
The Kadavu honeyeater ( Xanthotis provocator ) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
Hymenopus is a genus of flower mantises belonging to the family Hymenopodidae .
Anita Wawatai ( born 7 December 1980 ) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2008 Summer Olympics .
PD - Atrics is the fourth album released by jazz - based hip hop and pop rock band Pocket Dwellers .
Born in Bad Pyrmont , Germany , into a family of merchants , Sir Jacob Behrens settled in Leeds in 1834 , establishing his business there .
Ramiro de León Carpio ( 12 January 1942 -- 16 April 2002 ) was the President of Guatemala from 6 June 1993 until 14 January 1996 .
Dick Kowcinak ( May 25 , 1917 in Winnipeg , Manitoba -- September 6 , 2011 ) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played for the Trail Smoke Eaters who won the Allan Cup and the 1939 World Ice Hockey Championships .
Rayman M , later released as Rayman Arena in North America , is a multiplayer party game developed and published by Ubisoft .
Keys to the Highway is the title of the sixth studio album by American country music artist Rodney Crowell , released in 1989 by Columbia Records ( see 1989 in country music ) .
Career Girls is a 1997 British dramatic comedy film written and directed by Mike Leigh which tells the story of two women , who reunite after six years apart .
`` Stress Relief '' is a two - part episode of the American comedy television series The Office .
`` Beauty and the Beasts '' is the fourth episode of Season 3 of the horror - drama television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
`` On the Day Before '' is the forty - eighth The West Wing episode and fourth of the third season .
`` Michael Scott Paper Company '' is the twenty - third episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office , and the 95th overall episode of the series .
The Accusers is a 2003 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the 15th book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series .
Slicked - up Pup is a 1951 American one - reel animated cartoon and is the 60th Tom and Jerry cartoon directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby .
`` Stewie Goes for a Drive '' is the fourth episode of the tenth season of the animated American comedy series Family Guy .
`` The Polar Bear Suit '' is the second episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series .
`` I 'm Leslie Knope '' is the first episode of the fourth season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the 47th overall episode of the series .
`` Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment '' is the thirteenth episode of The Simpsons ' second season and the 26th episode overall .
More Than Honor , published in 1998 , was the first anthology of stories set in the Honorverse .
`` Not What He Seems '' is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American animated television series Gravity Falls , created by Alex Hirsch .
Hercules and the Amazon Women is the first movie - length pilot episode of the television series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
We Know Our Onions is the fourth episode of the sixth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on 21 November 1973 .
`` The Sniffing Accountant '' is the 68th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld , being the fourth episode of the series ' fifth season .
`` Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS '' is the tenth episode of the seventh series of the British science - fiction drama Doctor Who and was broadcast on 27 April 2013 , and stars Matt Smith as the Eleventh Doctor and Jenna - Louise Coleman as Clara Oswald .
The Shadowers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1964 , continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm .
`` Stark Raving Dad '' is the first episode of the third season of American animated television series The Simpsons .
His Mouse Friday is a 1951 one - reel animated cartoon and is the 59th Tom and Jerry cartoon directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby for Metro Goldwyn Mayer .
`` The Seminar '' is the fourteenth episode of seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's 140th episode overall .
Kinect Party is the sequel to Double Fine Happy Action Theater , Double Fine 's Kinect motion - sensing based casual video game for the Xbox 360 .
`` Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' is the first episode of the animated television series South Park .
`` I Do n't Wanna Know Why the Caged Bird Sings '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons ' nineteenth season , and first aired on October 14 , 2007 .
`` The Final Page '' is an hour - long episode of the eighth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother .
`` Pray Anything '' is the tenth episode of the fourteenth season of The Simpsons .
`` Basic Intergluteal Numismatics '' is the third episode of the fifth season of Community and the 87th episode overall .
The Saab 9 - 5 is an executive car that was produced by the Swedish automobile maker Saab .
`` Free Family Portrait Studio '' is the twenty - fourth episode and season finale of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's 176th episode overall .
Not until 1843 did it take on its present title of Le Curé de Tours when it appeared in volume II of Scènes de la vie de province ( volume VI of his vast narrative series La Comédie humaine ) .
`` Go Big or Go Home '' is the third season premiere of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the 31st overall episode of the series .
The Harsh Cry of the Heron is the sequel to Lian Hearn 's popular Tales of the Otori trilogy , first published on March 7 , 2006 .
`` Hell Money '' is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the science fiction television series The X - Files and 68th episode overall .
`` The Titan on the Tracks '' is the second season premiere of the American television series , Bones and 23rd episode overall .
`` First Time in New York '' is the 12th episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother .
The Fiat Uno is a supermini car which was produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat .
The Palace of Love ( 1967 ) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance , the third in his Demon Princes series .
`` The Scofflaw '' is the 99th episode of the NBC sitcom `` Seinfeld '' .
`` The Food Wife '' is the fifth episode of the twenty - third season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons .
The Book of Three ( 1964 ) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander , the first of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain .
`` The Next Phase '' is the 124th episode of the American syndicated science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , the 24th episode of the fifth season .
`` Nine Wives '' is the 12th episode of the third season of the American television show Numb3rs .
The Sudden Storm is the last episode of the third series of the period drama Upstairs , Downstairs .
`` Final Mission '' is the 83rd episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , and the ninth episode of the fourth season .
Sonic Rivals is a game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series that was released in late 2006 .
Dorin Giurgiuca ( December 8 , 1944 , Mihalț , Alba County , Romania - June 4 , 2013 ) was a Romanian table tennis player and coach .
Tim Steed ( born December 30 , 1957 ) is an American comedian , author , screenwriter , songwriter , and keynote speaker . In 2007 , he married Alice Patten ( who acted in bollywood movie Rang de basanti ) .
Francesco Sorti is an Italian journalist who , in collaboration with his wife Rita Monaldi , wrote a series of literary - historical books called Imprimatur , Secretum and Veritas , with Atto Melani as a central character .
Brian Oulton lived latterly in Stratford - upon - Avon and was married to the actress Peggy Thorpe - Bates ( 1914 - -1989 ) , best known for her portrayal of the wife of Horace Rumpole ( `` she who must be obeyed '' ) in the first television series of John Mortimer 's novels .
Wenxiu ( 1909 - -1953 ) , married Puyi in 1922 , was his Consort Shu ( 淑妃 ) .
Godley became engaged to actress Jane Krakowski in December 2009 and their son Bennett Robert Godley was born in April 2011 .
Margo Johns ( 1919 -- 29 September 2009 ) was a British actress and the first wife of actor William Franklyn .
Mona Shourie Kapoor ( 3 February 1964 -- 25 March 2012 ) was the daughter of Sattee Shourie and the first wife of Bollywood film producer , Boney Kapoor .
Catherine Blake ( née Boucher ; 25 April 1762 -- 18 October 1831 ) was the wife of the poet , painter and engraver William Blake , and a vital presence and assistant throughout his life .
Ike Jones ( December 23 , 1929 -- October 5 , 2014 ) was a producer and actor who was perhaps best known for coming forward after the death of actress Inger Stevens with the claim of being her `` secret '' husband .
The reason of this execution was reportedly because the latter had insulted Shahrbaraz during the reign of Khosrau II . Forty days later , during a ceremony , Shahrbaraz was killed by a spear thrown by Farrukh Hormizd , who then helped Borandukht , the daughter of Khosrau II , to ascend the throne .
Jambavati ( IAST jāmbavatī ) is one of the Ashtabharya , the eight principal queen - consorts of Hindu god Krishna , an avatar of the god Vishnu and the king of Dwarka -- in the Dwapara Yuga ( epoch ) .
Iaret is depicted on a Year 7 stela of Thutmose IV from Konosso .
Robert Delaunay ( 12 April 1885 -- 25 October 1941 ) was a French artist who , with his wife Sonia Delaunay and others , cofounded the Orphism art movement , noted for its use of strong colours and geometric shapes .
Zoé Laurier , Lady Laurier ( née Lafontaine ; June 26 , 1841 -- November 1 , 1921 ) was the wife of Sir Wilfrid Laurier , the seventh Prime Minister of Canada .
Princess Ebba Bernadotte , née Ebba Henrietta Munck af Fulkila ( 24 October 1858 -- 16 October 1946 ) , was a Swedish noble , lady in waiting and a titular princess , the spouse of Prince Oscar Bernadotte .
Gia Maione Prima ( May 20 , 1941 -- September 23 , 2013 ) was an American singer and wife of singer Louis Prima .
Mark Herron ( 8 July 1928 -- 13 January 1996 ) was an American actor best known as the fourth husband of singer and actress Judy Garland .
In 1836 , Lionel de Rothschild married his first cousin Baroness Charlotte von Rothschild ( 1819 - -1884 ) , the daughter of Baron Carl Mayer Rothschild of the Rothschild banking family of Naples .
Anne de La Tour d'Auvergne ( 1496 - -1524 ) was sovereign Countess of Auvergne from 1501 until 1524 , and Duchess of Albany by marriage to John Stewart , Duke of Albany .
Dean Parisot was married to film editor Sally Menke until her death in 2010 ; the couple had two children .
Zaynab bint Khuzayma ( Arabic : زينب بنت خزيمة‎ , Umm al - Masakin , Mother of the Poor , born 595 ) was the fifth wife of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Jacky Ickx is married to singer Khadja Nin .
Marilyn Imrie has married twice , the first ending in divorce , the second in 1985 to the novelist and film - maker James Runcie , the son of Robert Runcie , the former Archbishop of Canterbury .
Serge Golon ( 1903 - -1972 ) , born Vsevolod Sergeevich Golubinov ( Russian : Всеволод Серге́евич Голубинов ) , was a writer , the husband of French author Anne Golon , in collaboration with whom he wrote the Angélique series .
Vasudeva married Devaki , the sister of Kamsa , and he was also the father of Krishna 's sister Subhadra .
Chen Yueyi ( Chinese : 陳月儀 ; 565?-650 ? ) , later Buddhist nun name Huaguang ( 華光 ) , was a concubine of Emperor Xuan of Northern Zhou , an emperor of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou .
Eudokia Baïana ( died 12 April 901 ) was the third wife of Leo VI the Wise .
Sophie Blanchard ( 25 March 1778 -- 6 July 1819 ) was a French aeronaut and the wife of ballooning pioneer Jean - Pierre Blanchard .
Zhang Yuqi and Wang Quan'an had a whirlwind romance in 2011 , and they married on April 18 in that year .
Since 1993 Martha Edelheit is a resident of Sweden on a farm in Svartsjölandet outside Stockholm after her marriage to her childhood sweetheart Sam Nilsson .
David and Mary Boies endowed a chair in government at the University of Redlands , the college that David Boies attended .
Guru Ratikant Mohapatra is married to Sujata Mohapatra who is a dancer and Odissi exponent .
Max Nemni is a Canadian political scientist and writer , best known for a series of biographies of former Prime Minister of Canada Pierre Trudeau which he cowrote with his wife Monique Nemni .
She married fellow artist John William Waterhouse at the parish church in Ealing , in 1883 , and thereafter used the name Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse .
Protemblemaria punctata , the Warthead blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny endemic to the Atlantic coast of northeast Venezuela where it is found on shallow , sandy bottoms down to a depth of 20 metres ( 66 ft ) .
The West African giraffe , Niger giraffe or Nigerian giraffe ( Giraffa camelopardalis peralta ) is a subspecies of giraffe distinguished by its light colored spots , which is found in the Sahel regions of West Africa .
Eutrephoceras is an extinct genus of nautilus from the Late Jurassic to the Miocene ( around 161 to 5 million years ago ) .
Penstemon thompsoniae is a species of penstemon known by the common name Thompson 's beardtongue .
Elaidius biplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Elaidius .
Decimiana clavata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Decimiana in the order Mantodea .
Ponginae is a subfamily in the hominidae family .
Astragalus applegatei is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Applegate 's milkvetch .
Angraecopsis is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae .
Ochrolechia is a genus of lichen belonging to the suborder Lecanorineae .
Globodera pallida is a species of nematode in the family Heteroderidae .
Eleutherodactylus minutus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Cordillera Central , Dominican Republic , at elevations of 879 - -2,300 m ( 2,884 - -7,546 ft ) asl .
Vicia faba , also known as the broad bean , fava bean , faba bean , field bean , bell bean , English bean , horse bean , Windsor bean , pigeon bean and tic(k ) bean , is a species of flowering plant in the vetch and pea family Fabaceae .
Microdynerus is a genus of potter wasps in the family Vespidae .
Pseudochazara gilgitica ( Tytler , 1926 ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Dugesia golanica is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits freshwater bodies of Israel .
Eumenes fraternus is a species of potter wasp in the subfamily Eumeninae of the family Vespidae .
Conoclinium , the mistflowers , is a genus of four species of herbaceous perennial flowering plants , native to North America .
Dendrobium speciosum is not only a widespread Australian orchid but also a very variable orchid , forming a species complex .
Conus rattus , common name the rat cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Indirana leptodactyla is a species of frog found in the southern Western Ghats of India .
Gannansaurus is an extinct genus of somphospondylan sauropod dinosaur known from the late Late Cretaceous Nanxiong Formation of Ganzhou Basin , Jiangxi Province of southern China .
Juncus mexicanus is a species of rush known by the common name Mexican rush .
Vitula broweri , Brower 's Vitula moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Vitula .
Hulsea heterochroma is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name redray alpinegold .
Arctostaphylos nissenana is a species of manzanita known by the common name Nissenan manzanita .
Cleonus is a weevil genus in the family Curculionidae .
Botryosphaeria stevensii is a plant pathogen that causes cankers on several tree species including apple as well as black dead arm on grape .
Orthocycloceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod , essentially a Nautiloid , that lived in what would be Europe during the Silurian to Devonian from 428.2 - -412.3 mya , existing for approximately 15.9 million years .
Zhuchengceratops is a genus of extinct leptoceratopsid ceratopsian that lived during the Upper Cretaceous of modern - day China .
Frasera coloradensis is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names Colorado green gentian , or Colorado gentian , and Colorado frasera .
Modiolarca impacta is a species of saltwater clam , a mussel , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae , the mussels .
Bolbena hottentotta , common name hottentot mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Angola , Kenya , and Namibia .
Apypema yara is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Apypema .
Three distinct species of the family 's sole genus , Aulostomus , are described .
Sisyrinchium halophilum is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common name Nevada blue - eyed grass .
Olive snails , also known as olive shells and olives , scientific name Olividae , are a taxonomic family of medium to large predatory sea snails with smooth , shiny , elongated oval - shaped shells .
Xystodesmidae is a family of millipedes .
Wakinosaurus ( meaning `` Wakino lizard '' ) is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous ( Hauterivian - Barremian ) Sengoku Formation of Kyushu , Japan .
Helladia humeralis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Iran , Turkey and Near East .
Psittacinae is a subfamily of Afrotropical or Old World parrots ; the eleven species are found in two genera .
Sedum sexangulare , also known as tasteless stonecrop , is a species of succulent perennial and evergreen plant of the genus Sedum .
It contains only one species , Praescobura chrysomaculata , which is found in northern Vietnam .
Hyparrhenia is a genus of grasses .
Herina ghilianii is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Italy , Malta , and Morocco .
Paspalidium ( watercrown grass ) is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family .
Athous is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae
Rasboroides vaterifloris , known as the pearly rasbora , vateria flower rasbora or fire rasbora , is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish endemic to Sri Lanka .
Prionosciadium thapsoides is a plant species native to the States of Veracruz and México , in the República de México , as well as Guatemala .
Cryptomyces is a genus of fungi within the Cryptomycetaceae family .
It was named by Sennikov in 2011 and the type species is Augustaburiania vatagini .
Pachymenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogaster , a kind of shell - less , worm - like , marine mollusk .
The Enyo Satyr , Corades enyo , is a species of butterfly found in the high elevations of the Andes in Colombia and Peru .
It contains only one species , Arnia nervosalis , which is found in France , Spain , Portugal and on Corsica , Sardinia and Sicily , as well as in North Africa , including Algeria and Morocco .
Telephinidae is a family of pelagic trilobites with large wide - angle eyes , occupying most of the free cheeks , downward directed facial spines and 9 - 10 thorax segments .
Maliarpha concinnella , the pure veneer , is a species of snout moth in the genus Maliarpha .
Eriochrysis is a genus of African and Neotropical plants in the grass family .
Kalanchoe gastonis - bonnieri is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family .
Nepenthes × trusmadiensis ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz truːsmɑːdiˈɛnsɪs/ ; after Mount Trus Madi ) , or the Trus Madi Pitcher - Plant , is a natural hybrid of two famous Bornean pitcher plant species :
Panorpa is a genus of scorpionflies that is widely dispersed in the Northern hemisphere .
Hymenophyton is a genus of the order Metzgeriales ( liverworts ) containing one to three species .
Bixadoides allardi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bixadoides .
Heterotheca villosa , called the hairy goldenaster , is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Woonpaikia is a genus of moth in the family Lecithoceridae .
Monardella macrantha is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name red monardella .
Valenciennea helsdingenii is a species of goby from the Indo - Pacific .
Asclepias exaltata is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae known by the common names poke milkweed and tall milkweed .
Cimoliopterus is a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Cretaceous of England , United Kingdom and Texas , United States .
Spizaetus is the typical hawk - eagle birds of prey genus found in the tropics of the Americas .
Kinorhyncha ( Ancient Greek : κινέω kīnéō `` I move '' , ῥύγχος rhúnkhos `` snout '' ) is a phylum of small ( 1 mm or less ) marine invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos .
Pseudolophia nigrosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudolophia .
†Nerinea is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Heterobranchia .
Temognatha heros , the Yellow Jewel Beetle or Large Jewel Beetle , is a species of beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae .
Dendrobium cuthbertsonii is a species of orchid in the genus Dendrobium .
Heterospingus is a small genus of medium - sized tanagers found in forests of South America .
Staphylococcus xylosus is a species of bacteria belonging to the genus Staphylococcus .
Paraphragmitidae is an extinct family of actively mobile aquatic carnivorous cephalopods belonging to the subclass Orthoceratoidea endemic to what would be Asia and Europe during the Silurian living from 436 - -418.7 mya , existing for approximately 17.3 million years .
Neomyennis zebra is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Neomyennis of the family Tephritidae .
Grammatophyllum multiflorum or the Multiflowered grammatophyllum , is a species of orchid endemic to the Philippines .
Aspergillus sojae is a mold species in the genus Aspergillus .
Expleuracanthus is a genus of xenacanthidan shark .
Cassia leptophylla is a tropical tree species in the genus Cassia , which is indigenous to Brazil .
The type species for the genus is Planicoxa venenica , first described by Tony DiCroce and Kenneth Carpenter in 2001 .
Artemisia scoparia is a Eurasian species in the genus Artemisia , in the sunflower family .
Olearia asterotricha , commonly known as Rough Daisy - bush , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Sphaerium stuhlmanni is a species of bivalve in the Sphaeriidae family .
Actinia bermudensis , the red , maroon or stinging anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae .
Tachynectes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Turonian to the Campanian .
Hummelinck 's vesper mouse ( Calomys hummelincki ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Amolops cremnobatus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Laos and Vietnam .
The combination of differences in size , shapes , and the relative proportions of the bones confirm that the New Zealand musk duck was a distinct species .
Neofelis is a genus comprising two extant felid species from Southeast Asia : the clouded leopard ( Neofelis nebulosa ) of mainland Asia , and the Sunda clouded leopard ( Neofelis diardi ) of Sumatra and Borneo .
Schizaea pusilla , the little curlygrass fern , is a species of fern in the family Schizaeaceae .
Oenospila kopperi is a moth species in the genus Oenospila .
Tristychius is an extinct genus of shark from the Carboniferous period .
Pritchardia beccariana , the Kilauea pritchardia , or Beccari 's loulu , is a species of palm tree in the genus Pritchardia that is endemic to wet forests on the eastern part of the island of Hawaiʻi , near Hilo .
Isoetes sinensis is a species of plant in the family Isoetaceae .
Amorphoscelis borneana is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo .
Stenachaenium is a genus of South Americaan plants in the daisy family .
It is the only genus in the subfamily Salassinae .
Phoxacromion kaneharai is a species of goby native to the Pacific waters around the Ryukyus where it occurs in sheltered bays at depths of from 2 to 3 metres ( 6.6 to 9.8 ft ) .
Paracrossochilus is a genus of cyprinid fishes containing two species , both of which are endemic to Borneo .
Luina , commonly called silverback , is a small genus of perennial shrubs in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family .
Sarotherodon lamprechti is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Ejagham in western Cameroon .
Symmetrocapulidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil snails , gastropod mollusks in the monotypic superfamily Symmetrocapuloidea within the clade Cycloneritimorpha .
The Xiphydriidae are a family of wood wasps with the distinct characteristic of having globose heads borne on their long , skinny `` necks '' ; they are also unusual in the habit of boring into dead wood , rather than living trees .
Sepiola aurantiaca , also known as the Golden Bobtail , is a rare species of bobtail squid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
Penstemon newberryi is a species of penstemon known by the common name mountain pride .
Penstemon palmeri var . palmeri - Palmer 's penstemon , most occurrences of this species are this variety .
Chachalacas are mainly brown galliform birds from the genus Ortalis .
Machaonia woodburyana , the alfilerillo , is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Hylarana laterimaculata , commonly known as the lesser swamp frog or side - spotted swamp frog , is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Narcissus obesus is a species of the genus Narcissus ( Daffodils ) in the family Amaryllidaceae .
Zygophyllaceae ( /ˌzaɪɡoʊfəˈleɪsieɪ , ˌzɪ-/ ) is a family of flowering plants that contain the bean - caper and caltrop .
Spinoblesthis acuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinoblesthis .
Asclepias quadrifolia is a species of milkweed commonly called fourleaf milkweed or whorled milkweed .
Euthyastus binotatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Euthyastus .
Rubus parvifolius , called Japanese bramble , or Australian raspberry in the United States or native raspberry in Australia is a species of plants in the rose family .
Lepetodriloidea is a superfamily of small to large sea snails , hydrothermal vent limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda .
A phylogenetic study based on the nuclear ribosomal DNA region 5S NTS and the chloroplast region trnL - trnF , two commonly used gene regions for determining relationships , suggested that Commelina virginica is most closely related to two African species , namely Commelina capitata and Commelina congesta .
Psaltoda pictibasis , commonly known as the black friday , is a species of cicada native to Queensland and northeastern New South Wales in eastern Australia .
Leaffishes are small freshwater fishes of the Polycentridae family , from South America .
Apteromantis bolivari is a species of praying mantis found in Algeria , Morocco , and Portugal .
Thorectes hispanus is a species of beetle in the Geotrupidae family .
Although Hymenoscyphus albidus is `` morphologically virtually identical '' to Hymenoscyphus fraxineus , there are substantial genetic differences between the two species .
Fraxinus dubia is a plant species native to Mexico and Central America .
Encephalartos manikensis is a species of cycad that is native to Mozambique and Zimbabwe .
Titaniloricus inexpectatovus is a species of the genus of marine organisms of the phylum Titaniloricus Loricifera described by G. Gad in 2005 .
Shorea longiflora is a species of tropical lowland rainforest tree in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Anthidium cordiforme is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae , the leaf - cutter , carder , or mason bees .
Cymothoa elegans is a species of parasitic isopod in the genus Cymothoa .
Hylaeamys yunganus , also known as the Amazonian oryzomys or Yungas rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae .
Coquena is a genus of small - headed fly currently containing a single species :
The Warsangli linnet ( Linaria johannis ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Paronychodon ( meaning `` beside claw tooth '' ) was a theropod dinosaur genus .
Gastroplakaeis rubroanalis is a moth species in the family of Lasiocampidae found in Cameroon and Gabon .
Takifugu vermicularis , the Purple puffer , is a species of pufferfish native to the northwest Pacific Ocean where it occurs in the waters around China , Taiwan , the Republic of Korea and Japan .
The whistlers , shrike - thrushes and pitohuis are the c. 50 species of birds from the subfamily Pachycephalinae .
Wiseana cervinata , known commonly as the porina moth , is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae .
Hakea ochroptera is a species of shrub that is native to eastern Australia .
Ledebouria floribunda is a flowering plant species in the genus Ledebouria found in Africa .
Graphium mendana is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae , that is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands .
Bothriceps is an extinct genus of stereospondyl temnospondyl .
Protorothyrididae is an extinct family of small , lizard - like reptiles .
Melanostoma mellinum , is a very common species of hoverfly found in many parts of Britain , Europe , North Africa , Asia and North America .
Stellaria umbellata is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names umbrella starwort and umbellate starwort .
Calliostoma swinneni is a species of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae .
Lanice conchilega , commonly known as the sand mason worm , is a species of burrowing marine polychaete worm .
The petroleum fly , Helaeomyia petrolei , is a species of fly from California , USA .
Chamaescilla corymbosa , commonly known as blue stars , blue squill or mudrurt , is a tuberous perennial herb species in the genus Chamaescilla .
Parapontoporia is an extinct genus of dolphin that lived off the Californian coast from the Late Miocene until the genus ' extinction during the Pliocene .
Bacillus coagulans is a lactic acid - forming bacterial species within the genus Bacillus .
Kestratherina is a genus of silversides endemic to the eastern Indian Ocean off of southern Australia .
Sormea orbignyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sormea .
Calliostoma gemmulatum , common name the western gem top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Praealticus triangulus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian ocean , around the Andaman Islands .
Rhododendron schlippenbachii , the royal azalea , is a species of Rhododendron native to the Korean Peninsula and adjacent regions of Manchuria ( Liaoning , Nei Mongol ) , Japan , and the Russian Far East .
Soliva sessilis , one of up to nine species of the genus Soliva , is a low - growing herbaceous annual plant .
Ixora beckleri , commonly known as brown coffeewood , is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Tachyancistrocerus is an indomalayan , afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps .
Dibrachicystis is an extinct genus of rhombiferan echinoderm from the early Middle Cambrian ( Cambrian Series 3 , Stage 5 , about 510 Ma ) .
Halaelurus maculosus , commonly known as the Indonesian Speckled Catshark in Australia , is a species of catshark in the genus Halaelurus .
Rhododendron minus , the Piedmont rhododendron , is a rhododendron species native to Tennessee , North Carolina , Georgia , and Alabama .
Rudbeckia californica is a species of flowering plant in the Sunflower or Aster Family ( Asteraceae ) , known by the common name California coneflower .
Liarea turriculata waipoua is a subspecies of small land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Liareinae of the family Pupinidae within the superfamily Cyclophoroidea .
Discoglossus scovazzi ( common name : Moroccan painted frog , in French discoglosse peint or discoglosse à ventre blanc ) is a species of frog in the Alytidae family .
Frullania asagrayana is a reddish - brown species of liverwort in the Jubulaceae family that grows in eastern North America .
The Phlaeothripinae are a subfamily of thrips , with hundreds of genera .
Acromantis australis , common name island mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in Australia , the Aru Islands , New Guinea , and Roon .
Pseudotocinclus parahybae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil , where it is known only from the type locality , a tributary of the ribeirão Grande , rio Paraíba do Sul basin .
Eporeodon is an extinct genus of oreodont belonging to the subfamily Eporeodontinae during the Oligocene epoch ( 33.3 - -20.6 mya ) existing for approximately 12.7 million years .
Iris purdyi is a species of iris known by the common name Purdy 's iris , named after Carl Purdy .
Boletellus russellii , commonly known as Russell 's bolete , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Macrancylus linearis is a species of terrestrial beetle in family Curculionidae .
Gomophia egyptiaca ( Egyptian sea star ) is a species of sea star from Ophidiasteridae family .
Thyrsanthella difformis , the climbing dogbane , is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family .
Perrottetia excelsa is a species of plant in the plant order Huerteales .
Photoblepharon is a genus of flashlight fishes found around reefs in the western Pacific Ocean ( P. palpebratum ) and in the western Indian Ocean ( P. steinitzi ) .
Neofusicoccum australe is a fungus species in the genus Neofusicoccum .
Pinus rzedowskii , commonly known as Rzedowski 's pine , is a species of conifer in the pine family , Pinaceae .
Camarasaurus ( /ˌkæmərəˈsɔːrəs/ KAM - ə - rə - SAWR - əs ) was a genus of quadrupedal , herbivorous dinosaurs .
Stenammini is a tribe of Myrmicine ants with 6 genera and 1 fossil genus .
Leptictis is an extinct genus of mammal .
Burnupena catarrhacta , common name the flame - patterned burnupena , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
It contains only one species , Euprora argentiliniella , which is found in the southern parts of the United States , including Texas and Florida .
Juniperella mirabilis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Juniperella .
Precis archesia , the garden inspector or garden commodore , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family , native to Subsaharan Africa .
Orthotylus boreellus is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in Finland , Norway , Sweden , and Central Russia .
Polychidium is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Placynthiaceae family .
Lepidostomatidae is a family in the order Trichoptera .
Cryptosaurus was the same year named by British paleontologist Harry Seeley ; the type species is Cryptosaurus eumerus .
Miltoniopsis vexillaria ( `` the flag - like Miltoniopsis '' ) is a species of epiphytic orchid in the genus Miltoniopsis .
Zephyrichthys barryi is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Indian Ocean waters around western Australia .
Parkia korom is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to the Federated States of Micronesia .
Nephelomys devius , also known as the Talamancan oryzomys , Boquete rice rat , Chiriqui rice rat , or montane rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae .
Orthocarpus luteus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name yellow owl's - clover .
Haemulon vittatum , the Boga , is an ocean - going species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean .
Macrolepiota mastoidea is a European species of edible mushroom .
Parabothus is a genus of small lefteye flounders native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans , where mainly found in deep water .
Cleistesiopsis oricamporum , called the small Coastal Plain spreading pogonia , is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the southeastern United States from Louisiana to North Carolina .
Scarabeiformia is an infraorder of beetle ( coleoptera ) .
It contains the single species Gaudeator paidicus , which is found in Panama .
Canavalia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family ( Fabaceae ) and comprises approximately 48 to 50 species of tropical vines .
Schoenolirion croceum , known by the common names yellow sunnybell , sunnybells and swamp candle , is a species of flowering plant in the Agave subfamily .
Igdabatis is a prehistoric genus of ray whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage .
Psittacotherium is an extinct genus of taeniodont from the Paleocene of North America .
Astragalus bicristatus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names crested milkvetch and two - crested milkvetch .
Lasianthus tomentosus is a species of plant in the flowering plant family Rubiaceae .
Encrinuraspis is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida .
Haminoea zelandiae , common name the white bubble shell , is a species of medium - sized sea snail or bubble snail , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Haminoeidae , the bubble snails .
Neoboletus venenatus , known until 2015 as Boletus venenatus , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to Japan and China .
Debaryomyces hansenii is a species of yeast in the family Saccharomycetaceae .
Ozothamnus expansifolius is a species of Ozothamnus .
Cyptotrama asprata ( alternatively spelled aspratum ) , commonly known as the golden - scruffy collybia , is a saprobic species of mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae .
Otidea mirabilis is a species of fungus in the Pyronemataceae family .
Angelica arguta is a species of angelica known as Lyall 's angelica .
Attatha ino is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae .
Hockey ( 1982 ) showed that the Canary Islands oystercatcher was a full species distinct from the African oystercatcher Haematopus moquini , of which it was formerly considered a subspecies ; these two were occasionally lumped as subspecies of the Eurasian oystercatcher .
Corinnidae is a family of araneomorph spiders , sometimes called corinnid sac spiders .
Candida zemplinina is a yeast species that is osmotolerant , psychrotolerant and ferments sweet botrytized wines .
Trapeziophora gemmula is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Trapeziophora .
Dimorphotheca pluvialis , common names weather prophet , Cape rain - daisy , ox - eye daisy , Cape daisy or rain daisy , is a plant species native to South Africa and Namibia .
Penthophera lutea is an owlet moth species .
Tengchiena euroxestus is a species of very small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails .
Morinda trimera , known as noni kuahiwi is a species of flowering tree in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , that is endemic to Hawaiʻi .
Turriviridae is a family of viruses ; it contains only one genus , Alphaturrivirus .
Benthomangelia is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae .
Phreatobius cisternarum is a species of catfish in the genus Phreatobius .
Pristobrycon is a genus of piranhas from the Orinoco and Amazon Basins , as well as rivers in the Guianas .
Moraxella osloensis is a species of Gram - negative oxidase positive , aerobic bacteria within the family Moraxellaceae in the gamma subdivision of the purple bacteria .
Steganomus nodicornis is a species of bees in the genus Steganomus , of the family Halictidae .
Escallonia is a genus of 40 to 50 species of flowering plants of the Escalloniaceae family .
Pritchardia kaalae , also known as Waianae Range pritchardia or loulu palm , is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the western part of the island of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi .
Aegialomys galapagoensis , also known as the Galápagos rice rat or Galápagos oryzomys , is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae from the Galápagos Islands .
Stichonodon insignis is a species of characin endemic to Brazil , where it is found in the Amazon Basin .
Ceratobregma helenae , known commonly as the Helen 's triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny .
Cyllene desnoyersi is a fossil species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Limulus is a genus of horseshoe crab , with one extant species , the Atlantic horseshoe crab L. polyphemus .
Monochamus is a genus of longhorn beetles found throughout the world .
Augosoma is a genus of rhinoceros beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae .
Spinosomatidia obesa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinosomatidia .
Stasimopus schoenlandi is a species of ctenizid trapdoor spider from South Africa .
Alpinacris tumidicauda is a species of grasshopper only known from Otago and Southland , New Zealand .
Sphingomonadaceae are a family of the Alphaproteobacteria .
Koelreuteria bipinnata , also known as ( Chinese flame tree , Chinese golden rain tree , Bougainvillea golden - rain tree `` ) is a species of Koelreuteria native to Asia , particularly to China .
Polypedates mutus ( common names : northern treefrog , Burmese whipping frog , and vocal sacless treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Urmenetea is a genus of South American plants in the mutisia tribe within the daisy family .
Amolops longimanus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Myanmar and possibly China .
Tetrapus americanus is a species of fig wasp which is native to South and Central America .
Paradiallus ochreostictus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paradiallus .
Piperia colemanii is a rare species of orchid known by the common names Coleman 's piperia and Coleman 's rein orchid .
Ischnophygas telephoroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ischnophygas .
†Carelia lirata was a species of small , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea .
Neoachryson castaneum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Neoachryson .
Dinotopterus cunningtoni is a species of catfish in the Clariidae family .
Nemateleotris helfrichi , Helfrich 's Dartfish , is a species of dartfish native to the Pacific Ocean .
Pichia pastoris is a species of methylotrophic yeast .
The Cucujidae , `` flat bark beetles , '' are a family of distinctively flat beetles found worldwide ( except Africa and Antarctica ) under the bark of dead trees .
Zacompsia metallica is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Zacompsia of the family Ulidiidae .
Uralerpeton is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian ( upper Tatarian age ) deposits of Vladimir Region , European Russia .
Penstemon neotericus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Plumas County beardtongue .
The Gonatidae , also known as armhook squid , are a family of moderately sized squid .
Deuterocohnia brevispicata is a species in the genus Deuterocohnia .
Hupodonta pulcherrima is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family .
Lycochloa is a genus of Lebanese plants in the grass family .
Cetarthrosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur known from the eastern United Kingdom .
The genus Poicephalus comprises nine species of parrots native to various regions of the Afrotropic ecozone , including Sub - Saharan Africa , ranging from Senegal in the west , Ethiopia in the east , and to South Africa in the south .
Hyophorbeae is a palm tribe in the subfamily Arecoideae .
Hesperis matronalis is a herbaceous plant species in the mustard family , Brassicaceae .
Ophthalmotilapia ventralis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the southern end of the lake .
Pollicipes pollicipes , known as the goose neck barnacle , goose barnacle or leaf barnacle is a species of goose barnacle , also well known under the taxonomic synonym Pollicipes cornucopia .
The Chatham tomtit ( Petroica macrocephala chathamensis ) is a subspecies of tomtit found on some of the smaller islands of New Zealand .
The Honduran small - eared shrew ( Cryptotis hondurensis ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Hylorina sylvatica ( also known as the Emerald forest frog , or in Spanish , sapo arboreo ) is a species of frog in the Batrachylidae family .
Equidae ( sometimes known as the horse family ) is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils .
Chuanchia labiosa is a species of cyprinid fish that is only found in the upper reaches of the Yellow River in China .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Tholurna dissimilis .
Gilia leptantha is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name fineflower gilia .
The Restionaceae , also called restiads and restios , are a family of perennial , evergreen rush - like flowering plants native to the Southern Hemisphere ; they vary from 10 cm to 3 m in height .
Ecrobia truncata , common name the truncated marsh hydrobia or minute hydrobia , is a species of very small aquatic snail , an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Vitiaziella cubiceps is a species of flabby whalefish known from the Kuril - Kamchatka Trench and the South China Sea at depths of from 1,500 to 6,200 metres ( 4,900 to 20,300 ft ) .
Disa cardinalis is a species of orchid found in South Africa ( S. Cape Prov . - Riversdale ) .
Hesperoyucca newberryi is a plant species endemic to Arizona .
Phoenicocoris obscurellus is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Phylinae that is found throughout continental Europe and the British Isles , except for southeastern Europe .
Pustularia childreni , common name the children 's cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Myennis octopunctata is a species of picture - winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Ulidiidae .
The water voles are large voles in the genus Arvicola .
Discinisca is a genus of brachiopod with fossils dating back to the Early Devonian to the Pliocene of Africa , Europe , North America , and New Zealand .
Larinus obtusus is a species of true weevil known as the blunt knapweed flower weevil .
Zhylgaia is a genus of birds known only from fossils .
Dinilysia ( meaning `` terrible ilysia '' ) is an extinct genus of snake from the Late Cretaceous ( Coniacian ) of South America .
Iris uniflora is a species in the genus Iris , it is also in the subgenus of Limniris .
Flacourtia indica ( syn . Flacourtia ramontchi ) , known commonly as ramontchi , governor 's plum , batoko plum , Pachnala and Indian plum ( বৈঁচি ) , is a species of flowering plant native to much of Africa and tropical and temperate parts of Asia .
Verbascum virgatum , commonly known as twiggy mullein and wand mullein , is a plant species in the family Scrophulariaceae .
Eudibamus is an extinct genus of biped bolosaurid ankyramorph parareptile known from the Free State of Thuringia of central Germany .
Conophytum flavum is a small South African species of succulent plant of the genus Conophytum .
Englerophytum is a group of trees in the Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1914 .
Penicillium thymicola is a halotolerant species of the genus of Penicillium which produces okaramine A , daldinin D , alantrypinone , seranttrypinone , fumiquinazoline F and fumiquinazoline G.
Callianassidae is a family of ghost shrimp of the order Decapoda .
Alopecosa accentuata is a species of wolf spider found commonly in open habitats throughout continental Europe .
Tillandsia caput - medusae is a species of flowering plant in the bromeliad family , Bromeliaceae , subfamily Tillandsioideae .
Conus iodostoma , common name the violet - mouth cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Myosotella denticulata , common name the `` mouse ear snail '' , is a European species of small , salt marsh snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae .
Chattonella is a genus of marine raphidophytes associated with red tides .
Discaria pubescens ( Hairy Anchor Plant or Australian Anchor Plant ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rhamnaceae .
Harpalus salinus is a species of ground beetle native to Europe , where it can be found in Ukraine and southern part of Russia .
Orobanche vallicola is a species of broomrape known by the common name hillside broomrape .
Stigmatogobius sadanundio is a species of goby native to south Asia from India to Indonesia including Sri Lanka and the Andaman Islands .
Glikmanius is an extinct genus of shark which lived in the Carboniferous of North America and Russia .
Micronycteris is a genus of leaf - nosed bats .
Porcelain crabs are decapod crustaceans in the widespread family Porcellanidae , which superficially resemble true crabs .
Oreochromis is a large genus of tilapiine cichlids , fishes endemic to Africa and the Middle East .
Nostoc commune is a species of cyanobacterium in the family Nostocaceae .
Sashatherina giganteus is a species of freshwater silverside endemic to Lake Lakama in West Papua , Indonesia .
Hydriastele is a diverse and widespread genus of flowering plant in the palm family found throughout Australia and New Zealand , Melanesia , Polynesia , and Southeast Asia .
Anematichthys armatus is a species of freshwater cyprinid native to Southeast Asia .
Xenopoma is a genus of land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae .
Acropora acuminata is a species of acroporid coral found in Australia , the Red Sea , the central Indo - Pacific , Japan , the northern Indian Ocean , the East China Sea , southeast Asia , and the western Pacific Ocean .
Ranunculus auricomus , known as goldilocks buttercup or Greeenland buttercup , is a perennial species of buttercup native to Eurasia .
The bird genus Balearica ( also called the crowned cranes ) contains two extant species in the crane family Gruidae : the black crowned crane ( B. pavonina ) and the grey crowned crane ( B. regulorum ) .
Hagenomyia is a genus of antlions ( Myrmeleontidae ) containing around 20 species occurring in Eastern Asia , tropical Africa , and Australia .
Pardosa pseudostrigillata is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Austria , Italy and Slovenia .
Bolma henica , common name the deep sea star shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Quesnelia testudo ( tess - too'do ) is a species of bromeliad in the genus Quesnelia .
Neotyphodium chilense is a species of fungus in the Clavicipitaceae family .
Euphyes berryi , known as Berry 's skipper , is a rare species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family , historically found in wet areas from North Carolina to Florida .
Cryptocentrum is a neotropical genus of orchid that grows as far north as Nicaragua and south to Bolivia , with twenty species known to date .
Petrorhagia dubia is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name hairy pink .
Annachlamys flabellata is a species of scallop , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae .
Rossiinae is a subfamily of bobtail squid encompassing four genera and around twenty species .
Apachyidae is a small family of earwigs , in the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera .
Bloomeria clevelandii is a rare species of flowering plant that is known by the common name San Diego goldenstar .
Montia howellii is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names Howell 's miner 's lettuce and Howell 's montia .
Cyttomimus is a genus of zeniontid fishes native to the Pacific Ocean .
Notogomphus maathaiae , commonly known as Maathai 's longleg , is a species of dragonfly in the clubtail family Gomphidae .
Hemiemblemaria simulus , the Wrasse blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean .
Lythrum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common name California loosestrife .
The Antarctic petrel is the only known species in the genus Thalassoica , and is a member of the Procellariidae family , and the Procellariiformes order .
Arion intermedius is a species of land slug in the family Arionidae , the roundback slugs .
Hemichromis frempongi is a species of fish in the cichlid family .
Ceanothus maritimus , with the common name maritime ceanothus , is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae .
Tachypleus tridentatus , commonly known as the Chinese , Japanese or tri - spine horseshoe crab , is a species of horseshoe crab found in the seas off China , Indonesia , Japan , South Korea , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan , and Vietnam .
Selenicereus hamatus is a species of Cactaceae and produce one of the largest flowers in the family .
Species There is only one known species , Welwitschiella neriifolia , native to Angola , Zaïre , and Zambia .
Metanephrops challengeri ( commonly known as the New Zealand lobster or New Zealand scampi ) is a species of slim , pink lobster that lives around the coast of New Zealand .
Pseudomugil gertrudae , commonly known as the spotted blue - eye , is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae .
Acanthoibidion chevrolatii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Acanthoibidion .
Hydrangea integrifolia is a species of Hydrangea , native to Taiwan and the Philippines at elevations above 8,000 ft . ( 2,400 m. ) .
Geophis is a genus of colubrid snakes that belong to the Xenodontinae subfamily and are typically referred to as Latin American earth snakes ( Spanish : culebra minera or culebra minadora ) .
Athous caviformis is a species of brown - coloured click beetle from Elateridae family which can be found in Hungary , Croatia , and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ctenocephalides is a flea genus in the tribe Archaeopsyllini .
Clavaria is a genus of fungi in the family Clavariaceae .
Brumus is a genus of beetle of the Coccinellidae family .
Escobaria minima ( syn . Coryphantha minima ) is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Nellie cory cactus , Nellie 's pincushion cactus , birdfoot cactus , and others .
Carparachne is a genus of huntsman spiders found in Namibia .
Carpolestes simpsoni is an extinct species of Plesiadapiformes , which is one of the earliest primate - like mammals appearing in the fossil record during the late Paleocene .
Euryxaenapta rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Euryxaenapta .
Oryza sativa , commonly known as Asian rice , is the plant species most commonly referred to in English as rice .
Anadara is a genus of saltwater bivalves , ark clams , in the family Arcidae .
†Harmogenanina linophora was a species of air - breathing land snails or semislugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae .
The genus Albionbaatar was named by Kielan - Jaworowska Z. and Ensom P.C. in 1994 based on a single species .
Linaria purpurea is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name purple toadflax .
Drechslera is a genus of fungi .
Centrodoras brachiatus is a species of thorny catfish found in the Amazon basin of Brazil , Colombia and Peru .
Janthina exigua , also known as the dwarf janthina , is a species of small holoplanktonic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae , the violet snails or purple storm snails .
Solen marginatus , common name Grooved Razor Shell , is a species of marine bivalves in the family Solenidae .
Vegetia ducalis , the ducal princeling , is a species of moth in the family Saturniidae .
Ficedula beijingnica is a species of flycatcher observed in China .
Zetela alphonsi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae , the top snails .
Margarites giganteus , common name the giant margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
Prestoea is a genus of palms native to the Caribbean , Central and South America .
Birulia kishinouyei is a shrimp species in the genus Birulia .
Senna domingensis is a flowering plant species in the legume family ( Fabaceae ) .
Montia chamissoi is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names of water minerslettuce , water montia , Indian lettuce , and toad lily .
Chrysanthemum morifolium ( also known as Florist 's daisy and Hardy garden mum ) is a species of perennial plant from Asteraceae family .
Primula sikkimensis ( Himalayan cowslip , Sikkim cowslip , Chinese : 鍾花報春 ; pinyin : zhōng huā bàochūn ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae , native to the Himalayan region at altitudes of 3,200 - -4,400 m ( 10,499 - -14,436 ft ) , from western Nepal to south west China .
Uraspis uraspis is a species of jack in the family Carangidae .
Harttia novalimensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Das Velhas River basin .
Macaranga gigantea is a pioneer tree species .
Galium bermudense , the Bermuda bedstraw , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Psathyrophlyctis is a genus of fungi in the order Ostropales .
Pelagosaurus ( meaning `` lizard of the open sea '' ) is an extinct genus of thalattosuchian crocodyliform that lived during the Toarcian stage of the Lower Jurassic , around 183 Ma to 175 Ma ( million years ago ) , in shallow epicontinental seas that covered much of what is now Western Europe .
Ampelocissus elegans is a species in the genus Ampelocissus .
Streptomyces anandii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from in the region of Al - Taif in Saudi Arabia .
Dypsis humilis is a rare species of stemless palm that was discovered in Madagascar in 2007 by a collaboration between botanists from Madagascar and Royal Botanical Gardens , Kew .
Microcavia ( mountain cavies ) is a genus of rodents in the family Caviidae .
Periptychidae is a family of Paleocene placental mammals , known definitively only from North America .
Priolepis aureoviridis , the Yellow - green goby , is a species of goby native to the central Pacific Ocean where it is known to occur in Micronesia , Johnston Atoll and the Hawaiian Islands .
Heteronyx queenlandicus is a beetle species that was first described in 1909 .
Heterophotus ophistoma , the Wingfin snaggletooth , is a species of barbeled dragonfish found in oceans world wide at depths of 790 to 1,420 metres ( 2,590 to 4,660 ft ) .
Maubeugia is a genus of traversodontid cynodont from the Late Triassic of France .
The priapum fishes are a family , Phallostethidae , of atheriniform fish native to freshwater and brackish habitats in southeast Asia .
Flufftails ( genus Sarothrura ) are small birds related to rails and finfoots .
Dolichoderus brevipennis is an extinct species of ant in the genus Dolichoderus .
Mahonia monyulensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae first described as a species in 1961 .
Oeceoclades , collectively known as the monk orchids , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Oenothera primiveris is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name desert evening primrose .
Psammathodoxa cochlidioides is a species of moth in the family Erebidae .
Helianthus deserticola , the desert sunflower , is a plant species native to Arizona , Nevada and Utah .
Stylidium perplexum is a species of triggerplant that is endemic to south - west Western Australia .
Carabus trichothorax is a species of black - coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan , China .
Panulirus is a genus of spiny lobsters in the family Palinuridae , including those species which have long flagella on their first antennae .
Dipterocarpus costulatus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found in Malaysia ( peninsular Malaysia and Sarawak ) and Indonesia ( Sumatra and Kalimantan ) .
Tarascosaurus ( `` Tarasque lizard '' ) is a genus of , perhaps abelisaurid , theropod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous of France .
Raorchestes ochlandrae ( Ochlandrae reed frog ) is a species of shrub frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Sericornis is a genus of small , mainly insectivorous , birds , the scrubwrens .
The Lacertidae are the family of the wall lizards , true lizards , or sometimes simply lacertas , which are native to Europe , Africa , and Asia .
Megacephala cruciata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Brulle in 1837 .
Chaenodraco wilsoni , the Spiny Icefish , is a species of crocodile icefish native to the Southern Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 200 to 800 metres ( 660 to 2,620 ft ) .
Carabus smaragdinus is a species of beetle belonging to the family Carabidae .
Plectronocerida is a primitive order from which subsequent cephalopod orders are ultimately derived .
Tropheus is a small genus of six species of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa .
Prionosciadium watsonii is a plant species known from the Mexican states of Durango and Sinaloa .
Schizothorax is a genus of cyprinid fish from Central and East Asia .
Acanthotretella is a genus of brachiopod known from the Burgess Shale .
Stephopoma roseum is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Siliquariidae , the slit worm snails .
Streptomyces guanduensis is a acidophilic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyceswhich has been isolated from pine forest soil from Guandu in the Yunnan Province in China .
Gyrineum pusillum , common name the purple gyron triton , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae , the triton snails , triton shells or tritons .
Desmos zeylanicus is a plant species in the plant family Annonaceae within the genus Desmos ..
Aloysia citrodora is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family Verbenaceae , native to western South America .
Colostethus jacobuspetersi , commonly known as Quito Rocket Frog , is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
However , Bacillus oleronius has Gram - positive cell wall components shared among all bacillus species ( Lacey N , 2007 ) .
Mimosa verrucosa , jurema - branca ( `` white jurema '' ) or jurema - de - oeiras is a species of legume in the common bean family , Fabaceae , and in the subfamily and genus of Mimosa pudica , the touch me not .
Dicrastylis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1855 .
Moratia cerifera is a species of palm tree endemic to New Caledonia , and the only species in the genus Moratia .
Typhlocaris ayyaloni is a species of troglobitic shrimp in the family Typhlocarididae .
Atherinops affinis , the topsmelt silverside or simply topsmelt , is a species of Neotropical silverside native to the eastern Pacific Ocean .
Erythrolamprus ocellatus , commonly known as the Tobago false coral , is a species of colubrid snake , which is endemic to the island of Tobago ( in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago ) .
Gwyneddosaurus is an extinct genus of aquatic tanystropheid reptile .
Oedipina maritima ( common name : maritime worm salamander ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
The New Zealand pea crab lives most commonly in green - lipped mussels ( Perna canaliculus ) , but can also be found in many other bivalve molluscs including the blue mussel ( Mytilus edulis aoteanus ) , the Pacific oyster ( Crassostrea gigas ) and a species of clam ( Chione stutchburyi ) .
Neblinichthys pilosus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Negro , Casiquiare and Baria River basins .
Calibanus is a genus of two species of flowering plants , both evergreen succulents from dry areas of northeastern Mexico .
†Zygitidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Haliotis squamosa , common name the squamose abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Edgarosaurus is a genus of polycotylid plesiosaur , containing one species , E. muddi .
Carabus obsoletus is a species of black - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Czech Republic , Hungary , Moldova , Romania , Slovakia , Ukraine .
Polyonychus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , the jewel beetles .
Haplochromis dichrourus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria , but has not been seen since 1986 .
Epilobium obcordatum is a species of perennial plant in the primrose family ( Onagraceae ) , known by the common name rockfringe willowherb and rock fringe .
Eremothera refracta is a species of evening primrose known by the common name narrowleaf suncup .
Batheulima abbreviata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the genus Batheulima , a minor genus within the family Eulimidae .
Cheilopogon pinnatibarbatus japonicus , is a subspecies of flyingfish of the family Exocoetidae , found in the seas around Japan .
Polymastiidae is a family of demosponges found in oceans throughout the world .
Nassella cernua ( syn . Stipa cernua ) is a species of grass known by the common name nodding needlegrass .
Dermophis parviceps is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Costa Rica and Panama .
Metynnis argenteus is a species of serrasalmid endemic to the Tapajós River Basin in Brazil .
Arctostaphylos refugioensis is a species of manzanita , known by the common name Refugio manzanita .
Notharctus is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in North America during the late to middle Eocene .
Gastrochilus obliquus is a species of orchid native to China , the Himalayas and Southeast Asia .
The common wall lizard ( Podarcis muralis ) is a species of lizard with a large distribution in Europe and well - established introduced populations in North America , where it is also called the European wall lizard .
Nepanthia belcheri is a species of starfish in the family Asterinidae .
Clematis versicolor , the Pale leatherflower , is a species of flowering plant in the Buttercup family .
Paxillus is a genus of mushrooms of which most are known to be poisonous or inedible .
Streptomyces graminisoli is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated together with Streptomyces rhizophilus from rhizosphere soil from the plant Sasa borealis .
Lagenophora is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Microrasbora is a genus of small fishes .
Arundinelleae is a tribe of grasses with roughly 90 species in two genera , mainly distributed in tropical and subtropical areas .
Aquilegia brevistyla is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name smallflower columbine .
The Amphisbaenidae , common name worm lizards , are a family of legless lizards ( amphisbaenians ) .
Earina autumnalis , ( commonly known as Easter orchid , or in Māori , raupeka ) is a species of orchid that is endemic to New Zealand ( North and South Islands , plus Chatham Island ) .
Congrosoma evermanni , or the Evermann 's conger , is a species of eel in the family Congridae .
Trichopus zeylanicus is a small herbaceous plant , which is one of only two species of its genus , Trichopus .
Planorbarius corneus , common name the great ramshorn , is a relatively large species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails , or planorbids , which all have sinistral or left - coiling shells .
Japigny kirschbaum is a species of glass knifefish discovered in 2011 in French Guiana .
Lonchocarpus salvadorensis , the Sangre de Chucho , is a plant species in the genus Lonchocarpus .
Bathyomphalus contortus is a species of small air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Hesperoyucca is a small genus of two recognized species of flowering plants closely related to , and recently split from , Yucca , which is in the century plant subfamily within the asparagus family .
Mimoserixia rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimoserixia .
Pouteria viridis is a species of flowering plant in the family Sapotaceae known by the common name green sapote .
Paracatenula is a genus of millimeter sized free - living marine gutless catenulid flatworms .
Campylobacter fetus is a species of Gram - negative , motile bacteria with a characteristic `` S - shaped '' rod morphology similar to members of the genus Vibrio .
Smith 's Snake Skink , Nessia bipes , also known as Two - legged nessia , is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Priscacara is an extinct genus of perch from the middle Eocene .
Bulbine semibarbata , commonly known as leek lily , native leek or wild onion , is a species of annual herb native to Australia .
Eresus moravicus is a spider species in the family Eresidae found in Austria , Hungary , Czech Republic and Slovakia .
Paraceratherium is an extinct genus of hornless rhinoceros , and one of the largest terrestrial mammals that has ever existed .
Lottia digitalis common name the `` fingered limpet '' or ribbed limpet , is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae .
Drakaea livida , commonly known as warty hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Carabus blaptoides is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Japan and Russia .
Nematalosa is a genus of gizzard shads in the fish family Clupeidae .
Sceloporus merriami annulatus , commonly known as the Big Bend canyon lizard , is a subspecies of the canyon lizard , and is endemic to southwestern Texas and adjacent northeastern Mexico .
Tapinocephalidae was an advanced family of tapinocephalians . It is defined as the clade containing Ulemosaurus , Tapinocaninus , and the Tapinocephalinae They are known from both Russia and South Africa .
Brachypterygius ( meaning `` wide wing / paddle '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of platypterygiine ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur known from the Late Jurassic of England .
Chaenactis macrantha is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names bighead dustymaiden and Mojave pincushion .
Amblyraja is a genus of skates .
Holospira oritis , common name mountain holospira , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae .
Salmophasia boopis , the boopis razorbelly minnow , is a species of cyprinid fish in the genus Salmophasia .
Lonchodytes is a Late Cretaceous genus of aquatic bird , which lived along the shores of the Western Interior Seaway .
Stegnosperma is a genus of flowering plants , consisting of three species of woody plants , native to the Caribbean , Central America , and the Sonoran Desert .
Delphinium grandiflorum is a species of Delphinium known by the common name Siberian larkspur .
Thomasomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae , named after British zoologist Oldfield Thomas .
Solidago curtisii , commonly called Curtis ' goldenrod and mountain decumbent goldenrod , is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Artamidae is a family of passerine birds found in Australia , the Indo - Pacific region , and Southern Asia .
The planted tank forum http://www.plantedtank.net and Wikipedia 's List of freshwater aquarium plant species include Limnobium laevigatum on lists of recommended ornamental plants for aquascapes .
Neocaristius heemstrai is a species of fish in the family Caristiidae , the manefishes .
Catocala amestris , the three - staff underwing , is a species of Catocalini that occurs in North America .
Oenothera perennis is a species of herbaceous flowering plant native to the eastern United States and Canada .
Trilobites ( /ˈtraɪləˌbaɪt , ˈtrɪ- , -loʊ-/ ; meaning `` three lobes '' ) are a fossil group of extinct marine arthropods that form the class Trilobita .
Erannis is a geometer moth genus of the subfamily Ennominae .
The Draconettidae , slope dragonets , are a small family ( about 14 species ) of fish in the order Perciformes .
Nicrophorus argutor is a species of burying beetle found in Russia , Mongolia , China and Kazakhstan .
Petropedetes perreti is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family endemic to Cameroon .
Callionymus platycephalus is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific waters around the Philippines where it occurs from the surface to 48 metres ( 157 ft ) .
Myriophyllum alterniflorum , known as alternate water - milfoil or alternateflower watermilfoil , is a species of water - milfoil .
Haplochromis cyaneus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Tanzanian part of Lake Victoria .
Psilocybe caeruleoannulata is a species of psilocybin mushroom found in Uruguay and Brazil , where it grows on marshy grounds , grasslands , or pastures .
Richardia scabra , commonly called rough Mexican clover or Florida pusley , is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family .
The African wildcat ( Felis silvestris lybica ) , also called Near Eastern wildcat is a wildcat subspecies that lives in Africa and around the periphery of the Arabian Peninsula .
Lepraria is a genus of leprose crustose lichens that grows on its substrate like patches of granular , caked up , mealy dust grains .
Hyparrhenia filipendula is a species of perennial bunchgrass commonly known as fine thatching grass and fine hood grass .
This genus was named by Andrew T. McDonald and John R. Horner in 2010 , and the type species is Rubeosaurus ovatus .
Trachinus is a genus of weevers , order Perciformes that consists of seven extant species .
Before the introduction of exotic fish species including the Eastern mosquitofish and trout to Australian waterways the Australian grayling and spotted galaxias were keenly fished by recreational anglers using fly - fishing gear .
Thalassopterus zancleus is a species of swimming sea slug , a shell - less pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Clionidae .
Hymenocallis tubiflora is a plant species from Trinidad and northern South America .
Recilia raoi is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family , that is endemic to India .
Curcuma zanthorrhiza , known as Temulawak , Java ginger or Javanese ginger , is a plant species , belonging to the ginger family .
Buniapone is a monotypic genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Phasianella variegata , common name the variegated pheasant , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae .
Mitra mitra , common name the Episcopal miter , is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae , the miters .
The Phlebovirus genus currently comprises over 70 antigenically distinct serotypes , only a few of which have been studied .
Conus mitratus , common name the mitred cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Cyrtopodion elongatum , the Yangihissar gecko , is a lizard species in the genus Cyrtopodion .
Qiliania ( from the Xiongnu qilian , `` heaven '' ) is an extinct genus of early bird from the lower Cretaceous ( Aptian stage ) about 120 million years ago .
Gibbohammus stricticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Gibbohammus .
Melanella baldra is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae .
Lophogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Pacific and western Atlantic oceans .
Paranaleptes reticulata , known commonly as the Cashew Stem Girdler , is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Agriomyia is a genus of wasp in the order Hymenoptera .
Mordellistena aethiops is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae discovered in 1882 .
Ceanothus sonomensis , with the common name Sonoma ceanothus , is a rare species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae .
It was described by Watson in 1975 and contains the single species Aphyarctia surinamensis , which is found in French Guiana , Surinam , Ecuador and Bolivia .
Gastromyzon contractus is a species of river loach in the genus Gastromyzon .
The genus contains one species , Divarctia diva , from Central Asia .
Banksieaeformis is a genus that encompasses plant species only known from fossil leaves that can be attributed to the Proteaceae tribe Banksieae , but can not be attributed to an extant ( living ) genus .
Zhouornis is an extinct genus of enantiornithine dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Jehol Group ( Aptian stage ) of western Liaoning Province , northeastern China .
Hylesia nigricans is a species of lepidoptera of the Saturniidae family .
Anomiopus parallelus is a species of true dung beetle that can be found in northern Brazil and French Guiana , and can be found in the Amazon and cerrado biomes .
Lamprima micardi is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae , that is found in Western Australia .
Carrierea calycina is a species of tree in the willow family .
Cambarus chasmodactylus , commonly called the New River Crayfish , is a species of crayfish endemic to the New River drainage system
Adinauclea is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Pseudoclyzomedus ohbayashii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudoclyzomedus .
Ephedra lomatolepis is a species of Ephedra that is native to Kazakhstan and to the Tuva region of Siberia .
Eotitanops ( ' dawn titan - face ' ) is an extinct genus of brontothere native to North America and Asia .
Dorsetisaurus is a genus of extinct lizard from the Early Cretaceous ( Berriasian ) Purbeck Group of Durlston Bay , in Dorset .
Alcmonacaris winkleri is an extinct species of shrimp in its own genus , Alcmonacaris , which can not yet be placed in a family .
It contains only one species , Plaesiostola diaplintha , which is found on Borneo .
Drosophila sharpi ( syn . D. attigua ) is a rare species of fly , one of several species known as the Hawaiian picture - wing flies .
Micropterocerus longifacies is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Micropterocerus of the family Ulidiidae .
Hymenopappus tenuifolius , the Chalk Hill hymenopappus , is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Piper marginatum , the cake bush , Anesi wiwiri , marigold pepper , Ti Bombé in Creole or Hinojo , is a plant species in the genus Piper found in moist , shady spots in the Amazon rainforest in Surinam , French Guiana and Brazil .
The Zeiformes are a small order of marine ray - finned fishes most notable for the dories , a group of common food fish .
Bangaloides strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bangaloides .
Papilio xanthopleura is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Peru and Brazil .
Camissonia pubens is a species of evening primrose known by the common name hairy suncup .
Trachelipus pierantonii is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Trento , Italy .
Penthorum chinense is a plant species native to much of East Asia .
Philodromus medius is a spider species found in Europe ( Greece , Cyprus ) and Asia ( Israel , Azerbaijan ) .
Symphoricarpos longiflorus is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names desert snowberry and fragrant snowberry .
Antennaria aromatica ( scented pussytoes ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Stygobromus lucifugus is an extinct species of amphipod crustacean in the family Crangonyctidae .
Pholas dactylus or common piddock is a bioluminescent clam - like species of marine mollusc found on the coasts of the North Atlantic and the Mediterranean Sea .
Allium calyptratum is a plant species found in Israel , Syria , Palestine and Turkey .
Yunnanilus paludosus is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus .
Minicrania ( `` small skull '' ) is an extinct genus of tiny antiarch fish , with armor averaging up to about 2 centimetres ( 0.79 in ) long , which lived during the Lochkovian epoch in Early Devonian Yunnan Province , China and northern Vietnam .
Heteroteuthis hawaiiensis is a species of bobtail squid native to the central and western Pacific Ocean .
Pteraspidomorphi is an extinct class of early jawless fish .
Blepharidachne is a small genus of New World plants in the grass family , generally knwn as eyelashgrass or desertgrass .
The Dacrymycetes are a class consisting of only one family of jelly fungi , which has imperforate parenthesomes and basidia that are usually branched .
Sagartia ichthystoma is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae , also known as the fish - mouth anemone .
Populus euphratica , commonly known as the Euphrates poplar or desert poplar , is a species of poplar tree in the willow family .
Lepidiolamprologus attenuatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika preferring areas with sandy substrates in which it digs crater - shaped nests .
Trionyx kansaiensis is an extinct species of softshell turtle uncovered from the Late Cretaceous of Tajikistan and Qyzylorda , Kazakhstan .
Anise is a food plant for the larvae of some Lepidoptera species ( butterflies and moths ) , including the lime - speck pug and wormwood pug .
Luidia magnifica , the magnificent star , is a species of starfish in the family Luidiidae .
Chorizanthe corrugata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name wrinkled spineflower .
Ixora brevipedunculata is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Erythroxylaceae ( or coca family ) is a family of flowering trees and shrubs consisting of 4 genera and approximately 240 species .
Oxycera fallenii , the Irish major , is a European species of soldier fly .
Scobinancistrus is a genus of armored catfishes native to the southeastern Amazon Basin in Brazil .
Pachydactylus boehmei is a species of thick - toed gecko belonging to the Pachydactylus weberi group , found in Namibia .
The Karner blue ( Lycaeides melissa samuelis ) is an endangered subspecies of small blue butterfly which was once found in significant numbers in the Miller Beach community of the Indiana Dunes National Park .
Lupinus tracyi is a species of lupine known by the common name Tracy 's lupine .
Sabal palmetto , also known as cabbage palm , palmetto , cabbage palmetto , palmetto palm , blue palmetto , Carolina palmetto , common palmetto , swamp cabbage and sabal palm , is one of 15 species of palmetto palm ( Arecaceae , genus Sabal ) .
Tasmanipatus anophthalmus is a species of invertebrate in the Peripatopsidae family .
Westonoceras is an extinct nautiloid genus from the Discosorida that lived during the Middle and Late Ordovician that has been found in North America , Greenland , and Northern Europe .
Perulibatrachus is a genus of toadfishes known from the Indian and Atlantic Oceans .
Pseudolmedia is a flowering plant genus in the mulberry family ( Moraceae ) .
Panulirus marginatus is a species of spiny lobster in the family Palinuridae which is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands .
Xenophoridae , commonly called carrier shells , is a family of medium - sized to large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha .
The Brazil nut tree is the only species in the monotypic genus Bertholletia .
Lycophidion variegatum , also known as the variegated wolf snake , is a species of small nocturnal snake in the family Lamprophiidae .
The Pitcher 's thistle ( Cirsium pitcheri ) , sometimes called dune thistle , is a species of thistle native to sand dune shorelines along the upper Great Lakes .
Porcellio novus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in Portugal and Spain .
Ophiomorus raithmai is a species of skink endemic to India and Pakistan .
Tripedalia cystophora is a small species of box jellyfish in the family Tripedaliidae .
Gaidropsarus is a genus of lotid fishes , with these currently recognized species :
Oreocereus is a genus of cacti ( family Cactaceae ) , known only from high altitudes of the Andes .
Pandanus livingstonianus Rendle is one of some 752 palaeotropical species of dioecious tree in the genus Pandanus , popularly known as Screw pines , and occurs from Angola eastwards across tropical Africa and down the east coast of Southern Africa .
Chasmanthe is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family , first described in 1932 .
Labeobarbus osseensis is a species of cyprinid fish which is endemic to Ethiopia .
Amaurobius hercegovinensis is a spider species found in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Eunota togata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Eunota .
Baeometra is a genus in the family Colchicaceae containing a single species , Baeometra uniflora .
Genevievella is a genus of trilobite with an short inverted egg - shaped outline , a wide headshield , small eyes , and long genal spines .
The family contains the single genus Atractogloea , which in turn contains the single species Atractogloea stillata , found in the USA .
Altica palustris is a species of flea beetle from a family of leaf beetles , that can be found in Asia , and North Africa .
Orodrominae is a subfamily of Thescelosaurid Ornithopod dinosaurs from the Cretaceous of North America .
Nelson 's kangaroo rat ( Dipodomys nelsoni ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae which is endemic to the central plateau of Mexico .
Uca annulipes is a species of fiddler crab found along the coastline from South Africa to Somalia , Madagascar , India , China , Indonesia , Malaysia and the Philippines .
Luffa operculata ( common name , sponge cucumber , wild loofa or mướp xơ in Vietnamese ) is a species of Luffa .
It contains only one species , Pseudokoleps akainae , which is found in Costa Rica .
Cheilotoma beldei is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily of Cryptocephalinae that can be found in Jordan and Turkey .
Scincella reevesii ( common name : Reeves ' smooth skink ) is a species of skink .
Rubus alumnus , the oldfield blackberry , is a North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Isochilus aurantiacus is a species of orchid native to Mexico ( Chiapas ) , south into to Central America .
Leptotyphlops striatulus is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Begoniaceae is a family of flowering plants with over 2000 species occurring in the subtropics and tropics of both the New World and Old World .
Tephrosia pondoensis ( Pondo Poison Pea , Afrikaans : Pondo - Gifertjie ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Bradybaenidae is a taxonomic family of medium - sized to small land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea .
Cornus alba ( red - barked , white or Siberian dogwood ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cornaceae , native to Siberia , northern China and Korea .
Ceanothus fendleri ( Fendler ( 's ) ceanothus , Fendler ( 's ) buckbrush , deer brier ) is a species of flowering shrub native to northern Mexico , Arizona , New Mexico , west Texas and the northeastern Texas panhandle , Utah , Colorado , eastern Wyoming , and western South Dakota .
It contains the single species Euzeugapteryx speciosa , which is found in French Guiana .
Dianthus gratianopolitanus ( Cheddar pink ) is a species belonging to the Caryophyllaceae family .
Elaeis oleifera is a species of palm commonly called the American oil palm .
Pionus is a genus of medium - sized parrots native to Mexico , and Central and South America .
Diplodactylinae is a subfamily in the family Gekkonidae sensu lato .
Aiphanes bicornis is a species of small , pinnately leaved palm which is endemic to Ecuador .
Idiolychnus urolampus is a species of lanternfish known from the Pacific and Indian Oceans .
Acrobasis comptoniella , the sweetfern leaf casebearer , is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis .
Attonitus bounites is one of three species of fish of family Characidae in order of Characiformes .
Harpactirinae ( commonly called baboon spiders ) are a subfamily of tarantulas which are native to the continent of Africa .
Acanthephippium bicolor is a species of orchid that is native to South India , Sri Lanka and New Guinea .
The Nemacheilidae , or stone loaches , are a family of cypriniform fishes that inhabit stream environments , mostly in Eurasia , with one genus , Afronemacheilus , found in Africa .
Kuiterichthys is a genus of frogfishes endemic to the coastal waters of Australia .
The Ancylostomatidae are a family of worms that includes the hookworms .
Slender lorises ( Loris ) are a genus of loris native to India and Sri Lanka .
Synodontis laessoei is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Angola where it is only known from the Kokema River .
Wiebke 's Beggarticks or Molokaʻi Koʻokoʻolau ( Bidens wiebkei ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Arouva mirificana is a species of snout moth in the genus Arouva .
Patelliconidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs .
Machaeranthera asteroides ( fall tansyaster ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
The Snake River fine - spotted cutthroat trout is a form of the cutthroat trout ( Oncorhynchus clarkii ) which is considered either as a separate subspecies Oncorhynchus clarkii behnkei , or as a variety of the Yellowstone cutthroat trout ( Oncorhynchus clarkii bouvieri ) .
Ophiclinus gabrieli , the Frosted snake - blenny , is a species of clinid native to Amphibolis seagrass in the coastal waters of southern Australia .
Amblyopone aberrans is a species of ant in the genus Amblyopone , endemic to Australia .
Cosmoclostis is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family .
Beckidia is a genus of European and African non - biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae .
Labidiaster annulatus is a species of starfish in the family Heliasteridae .
The Sesiinae are a subfamily of clearwing moths from the Lepidoptera family , identified by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1828 .
Herpetogramma bipunctalis , the southern beet webworm moth or two - spotted herpetogramma , is a species of moth in the Crambidae family .
Watsonia marginata is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common name fragrant bugle - lily .
Himatanthus is a genus of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1819 .
The Cozumel harvest mouse ( Reithrodontomys spectabilis ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Opisthothelae is sometimes presented as an unranked clade and sometimes as a suborder of the Araneae .
Lioberus castaneus is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae .
Fuchsia boliviana is a species of Fuchsia native to southern Peru , Bolivia and northern Argentina .
Casea is an extinct genus of pelycosaur synapsid which was about 1.2 metres ( 4 ft ) long , slightly smaller than the otherwise very similar Caseoides .
The Azuero spider monkey ( Ateles geoffroyi azuerensis ) is a possible subspecies of spider monkey that is in critical danger of extinction according to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
Muramotoceras was an unusual genus of heteromorphic ammonite .
Commiphora habessinica , sometimes known as Abyssinian myrrh , is a species of flowering plant in the Burseraceae native to Africa and the Arabian Peninsula .
Schefflera polyclada is a plant species found in Papua New Guinea .
Mammillaria grahamii is a species of cactus also known by the name Graham 's nipple cactus .
Rissoides desmaresti is a species of mantis shrimp native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
Ephestiodes erasa is a species of snout moth in the genus Ephestiodes .
Longanalus macrochirous is a species of cave - dwelling cyprinid fish endemic to the Maolan National Reserve in Guizhou , China .
Semljicola lapponicus is a spider species found in Scandinavia , Russia and Alaska .
Pharnaciini is a tribe of stick insects comprising nine genera .
Benthophilus kessleri is a species of goby widespread along the eastern coasts of the Caspian Sea from the Urdyuk Cape to Kuuli Cape and Türkmenbaşy at south .
Hyperodapedon is a genus of rhynchosaur ( a beaked , archosaur - like reptile ) from the late Triassic period ( Carnian stage ) .
Palaeotragus ( `` ancient goat '' ) is a genus of very large , primitive , okapi - like giraffid from the Miocene of Africa , Eurasia .
Leptotyphlops goudotii , or the black blind snake , is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae .
Bothriochloa ischaemum is a species of perennial grass in the family Poaceae , found throughout much of the world .
Coleonyx is a genus of terrestrial geckos commonly referred to as banded geckos .
Astragalus panamintensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Panamint milkvetch .
Dexosarcophaga is a genus of flies .
Aspidistra elatior , the cast - iron - plant or bar room plant , also known in Japanese as haran or baran ( 葉蘭 ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae , native to Japan and Taiwan .
Balanites aegyptiaca is a species of tree , classified either as a member of the Zygophyllaceae or the Balanitaceae .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Scelophoromyces osorianus .
Amparoina spinosissima is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family , and the type species of the genus Amparoina .
Carphephorus tomentosus ( common name Woolly chaffhead ) is a species of North American plants in the sunflower family .
Zanthoxylum psammophilum ( synonym Fagara psammophila Aké Assi ) is a species of shrub or small tree in the Rutaceae family .
It contains only one species , Emelieana aureolineata , which is found in Papua .
Cola nitida is a species of plant belonging to the family Malvaceae .
Eohippus is an extinct genus of small equid ungulates .
Scoliciosporum abietinum is a species of fungi within the Scoliciosporaceae family , first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia .
Clarkia pulchella also known as pinkfairies , ragged robin , and deerhorn clarkia is a species of flowering plant in the Onagraceae family .
Bannapone scrobiceps is a species of ant in the genus Bannapone .
Goniopholis is an extinct genus of goniopholidid crocodyliform that lived in Europe during the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous .
Laubuka is a genus of cyprinid fish found in South and Southeast Asia .
Eleutherodactylus turquinensis is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Cuba .
Rhodanicaris is an extinct genus of prawn which is preserved in the Callovian la Voulte - sur - Rhône lagerstätte .
Habenaria , commonly called bog orchids , are a far ranging genus of orchid .
Laurus azorica ( also called Azores Laurel ) is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family , related to Laurus nobilis .
Sphaeromorda atterrima is a species of beetle in the Sphaeromorda genus that is in the Mordellidae family , which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily .
Serromyia is a genus of biting midges in the subfamily Ceratopogoninae .
Iris tenuissima is a species of iris known by the common name longtube iris .
Palastericus is an extinct genus of sea star from the Devonian .
Lebia nigripes is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in southern part of Russia .
Macrognathus semiocellatus is a species of ray - finned fish endemic to Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam ; it found in marshlands and vegetated water bodies in Mekong Chao Phraya River and Mae Klong .
Pollicipes polymerus , commonly known as the gooseneck barnacle or leaf barnacle , is a species of stalked barnacle .
Emblemaria piratula , the Pirate blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Atlantic ocean .
Polydactylus sextarius , commonly known as the blackspot threadfin , is a species of marine fish native to the western Pacific and eastern Indian Oceans .
Tetrodontium is a genus of two species of moss ( Bryophyta ) .
Lupinus meionanthus , commonly known as Lake Tahoe lupine , is a species of flowering plant from the order of Lamiales which can be found in Nevada and California where it can be found in Yosemite National Park .
Porcellanopagurus is a genus of hermit crabs , containing the following species :
Glossopetalon spinescens is a species of flowering shrub in the family Crossosomataceae known by the common names spiny greasebush , spiny greasewood and Nevada greasewood .
The Anatolian leopard ( Panthera pardus tulliana ) , also called the Asia Minor leopard , was proposed in the 19th century as a distinct leopard subspecies native to southwestern Turkey .
Vieja is a genus of fish from the family Cichlidae .
Argentozethus is a monospecific neotropical genus of potter wasps restricted to north - western Argentina .
Diorhabda meridionalis is a species of leaf beetle known as the southern tamarisk beetle ( SoTB ) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Syria to western and southern Iran and southern Pakistan .
Poblana ferdebueni , the Chignahuapan silverside is a species of neotropical silverside endemic to Mexico .
Aeollanthus is a genus in the mint family , Lamiaceae .
Aglaonema is a genus of flowering plants in the arum family , Araceae .
Raphiglossa is an African and Palearctic genus of potter wasps .
The Hazeliidae are a family of spicular Cambrian demosponges known from the Burgess Shale , the Marjum Formation of Utah , and possibly Chengjiang .
Alphitonia marquesensis is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family .
Calibrachoa elegans is a plant species in the genus Calibrachoa found in Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Varroa jacobsoni is a species of mite that parasitises Apis cerana ( Asian honey bees ) .
Chaenopsis limbaughi , the Yellowface pikeblenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Atlantic , including the Bahamas and Caribbean .
Propanoplosaurus is a genus of herbivorous nodosaurid dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Patuxent Formation of Maryland , USA .
Viola adunca is a species of violet known by the common names hookedspur violet , early blue violet , sand violet , and western dog violet .
Procolophonoidea is an extinct superfamily of procolophonian parareptiles .
Equisetum giganteum , with the common name Southern giant horsetail , is a species of horsetail native to South America and Central America , from central Chile east to Brazil and north to Southern Mexico .
Eriodictyon traskiae is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common names Pacific yerba santa and Trask 's yerba santa .
`` Yizhousaurus '' is an informally named genus of basal sauropod dinosaurs which existed in what is now Lower Lufeng Formation , Yunnan Province of southern China during the lower Jurassic period .
Amanita abrupta , commonly known as the American abrupt - bulbed Lepidella , is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family of mushrooms .
Moniliformida is an order containing a single family , Moniliformidae , of microscopic parasitic worms that attach themselves to the intestinal wall of terrestrial vertebrates
Arnica parryi is a North American species of arnica known by the common name Parry 's arnica or nodding arnica .
Salix jepsonii is a species of willow known by the common name Jepson 's willow .
Homalopoma radiatum , common name the radiate dwarf turban , is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae .
Bythiospeum quenstedti is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Mimulus latidens is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name broadtooth monkeyflower .
Nanorana feae ( common names : Kakhien paa frog , ocellated spiny frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Sedum lanceolatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common names spearleaf stonecrop and lanceleaf stonecrop .
Angaria javanica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Angariidae .
Alosa macedonica , or the Macedonian shad ( also known as liparia ) , is a landlocked species of clupeid fish endemic to Greece .
Sepia faurei is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean , specifically to the east of the Cape of Good Hope , South Africa .
Araucnephioides is a genus of black flies from Chile .
Lobelia gaudichaudii is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Koolau Range lobelia .
Austrodiscus lopesi is a fossil species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae , from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin in Brazil .
Agyneta insolita is a species of sheet weaver found in Nigeria .
Platytropius siamensis is a species of schilbid catfish ( order Siluriformes ) family Schilbeidae .
The specific epithet of this species , arenaria calls attention to the specialized sandy habitat where Aleptina arenaria was discovered .
Trigonictis macrodon is an extinct genera and species of mammal related to a grison ( genus Galictis ) of North America living during the Pliocene through Pleistocene from ~4.1 - -1.6 Ma .
Raorchestes thodai is a species of frog of the genus Raorchestes found in Ooty in the Nilgiris district of the Western Ghats of Tamil Nadu in India .
The Peary caribou ( Rangifer tarandus pearyi ) is a caribou subspecies found in the high Arctic islands of Canada 's Nunavut and Northwest territories .
Cirrhitichthys is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs in the Indian and western Pacific oceans .
Penicillium macrosclerotiorum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in south China .
Woodia is a genus in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1894 .
Carabus cristoforii is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Andorra and Spain .
The Blanco blind salamander ( Eurycea robusta ) is a species of aquatic , lungless salamander native to the United States .
Leucojum aestivum , commonly called summer snowflake , is a plant species widely cultivated as an ornamental .
Asterionella is a genus of pennate freshwater diatoms .
Diploschistes ( crater lichen ) is a genus of crustose lichens with a thick , cracked ( areolate ) body ( thallus ) with worldwide distribution .
The Imbricate Bulbophyllum ( Bulbophyllum imbricatum ) is a species of orchid .
Anabaraspis is a genus of redlichiid trilobite .
Leptosiphon nudatus ( syn . Linanthus nudatus ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Tehachapi linanthus .
The Yunnan lar gibbon ( Hylobates lar yunnanensis ) , also known as the Yunnan white - handed gibbon , is a subspecies of the lar gibbon , a primate in the gibbon family , Hylobatidae .
Cyrioides australis , commonly known as the dark blue banksia jewel beetle , is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae native to southeastern Australia .
Plectritis is a genus of plants in the honeysuckle family .
Jamesoniella undulifolia , the marsh flapwort , or marsh earwort , is a species of liverwort in the Jungermanniaceae family .
Hedychrum nobile is a species of cuckoo wasp ( the family Chrysididae ) .
Alcyna kingensis , common name the King Island kelp shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Naarda ivelona is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae from Madagascar .
Conus figulinus , common name the fig cone , is a cone snail , a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Myrica rivas - martinezii is a species of plant in the Myricaceae family .
Castanea pumila , commonly known as the Allegheny chinquapin , American chinquapin ( from the Powhatan ) or dwarf chestnut , is a species of chestnut native to the eastern United States from southern New Jersey and Pennsylvania south to central Florida , west to eastern Texas , and north to southern Missouri and Kentucky .
Pachyhalictus bedanus is a species of bees in the genus Pachyhalictus , of the family Halictidae .
Gallardosaurus is a genus of pliosaurid plesiosaur from the Caribbean seaway .
Caeciliidae is the family of common caecilians .
Phyrganeoidea , the giant caddisfly superfamily , may be paraphyletic with Limnephiloidea .
Sepia trygonina , the trident cuttlefish , is a species of cuttlefish in the genus Sepia from the Red Sea and the western Indian Ocean .
Araucaria muelleri is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family .
Euphorbia punicea is a species of euphorb commonly known as Jamaican poinsettia .
Acer glabrum is a species of maple native to western North America , from southeastern Alaska , British Columbia and western Alberta , east to western Nebraska , and south through Washington , Oregon , Idaho , Montana and Colorado to California , Arizona and New Mexico .
Eosuchians are an extinct order of diapsid reptiles .
Zatheria is a group ( sublegion ) of mammals that includes the common ancestor of Arguitheriidae , Arguimuridae , Vincelestidae , Peramuridae and Tribosphenida ( living therians plus all of its ancestors ) .
Nebria simulator is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to North Korea .
Phlaocyon minor is an extinct species of canid mammal known from the Miocene - Oligocene ( Arikareean NALMA , more than 20 million years ago ) of the United States ( Wyoming , South Dakota , Nebraska , Wyoming , and Texas . )
Pratapa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) of this genus are found in the Far Eastern Palearctic ecozone ( China ) and in the Indomalaya ecozone .
Leucactinia is a genus of flowering plants in the marigold tribe within the sunflower family .
Vateria indica , the white dammar , is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Mimhoplomelas diadelioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimhoplomelas .
Vexillum crocatum , common name : the saffron mitre , is a species of small sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae , the ribbed miters .
Calliostoma ornatum , common name the ornate topshell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Pseudophilautus rugatus was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Aparallactus jacksonii , or Jackson 's centipede - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
Hyptis alata ( musky mint , or clustered bushmint ) is a shrub species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae , the mint family .
Osmorhiza brachypoda is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name California sweetcicely .
Telescopus semiannulatus , commonly known as the tiger snake , tiger cat snake , or striped cat snake is a species of colubrid snake .
Eolepidopterigoidea is an extinct superfamily of moths , containing the single family Eolepidopterigidae , although the genus Undopterix is sometimes placed in a separate family Undopterigidae .
Rhinophis dorsimaculatus , commonly known as the polka - dot earth snake , is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family .
Astianthus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Bignoniaceae family .
Hollandaea riparia , sometimes named Roaring Meg Hollandaea , is a species of Australian rainforest small trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Lathyrus sphaericus is a species of wild pea known by the common names grass pea and round - seeded vetchling .
Lymania globosa is a species in the genus Lymania .
Nemegtomaia ( `` Nemegt mother '' ) is a genus of oviraptorid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia .
Echinocactus horizonthalonius is a species of cactus known by several common names , including devilshead , turk 's head cactus , blue barrel cactus , eagle 's claw , horse maimer , horse crippler , and visnaga meloncillo .
The pike icefish , Champsocephalus esox , is a species of icefish found at depths of 50 - -250 m ( 160 - -820 ft ) in the oceans off Patagonia , the Falklands and South Georgia .
Holothuria leucospilota , commonly known as the black sea cucumber , is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Holothuriidae .
Gobitrichinotus is a genus of sand darters , with one species from rivers in Madagascar and another from coastal waters ( salt , brackish and fresh ) of the western Pacific Ocean .
Caesalpinia sappan is a species of flowering tree in the legume family , Fabaceae , that is native to Southeast Asia and the Malay archipelago .
Tropaeolum asplundii is a species of plant in the Tropaeolaceae family .
Heuchera merriamii is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Merriam 's alumroot .
Acanthaspis siva is a species of assassin bug .
Caluromyinae is a subfamily of opossums .
It contains only one species , Dacgleia cerata , which is found in Vietnam .
Thaumatomastix is a Rhizaria genus .
Thelidomus aspera is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae .
Stefania satelles ( Spanish : Rana Stefania Del Aprada - tepuy ) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae .
Verbesina virginica , the white crownbeard , is a species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Hypopygus is a genus of bluntnose knifefishes native to northern South America .
Acsala is a genus of lichen moths in the family Erebidae .
Melica frutescens , woody melicgrass , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in such US states as Arizona and California and in Mexico .
Suillus pseudoalbivelatus is a species of bolete fungus in the Suillaceae family .
Ceropegia candelabrum is a plant species from the subfamily Asclepiadoideae .
The species Pseudomonas riboflavina was transfer to Devosia riboflavina
Parastrigulia africana is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Parastrigulia .
Solariella micraulax , common name the fine - groove solarelle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
Leontopodium coreanum is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family .
Centotheceae is a small tribe of grasses with six species in two genera , distributed in Africa and Asia .
Paraponera clavata is a species of ant , commonly known as the bullet ant , named on account of its powerful and potent sting due to its venom .
Heterodactylus is a genus of gymnophthalmid lizards endemic to Brazil .
Bourreria velutina is a species of plant in the family Boraginaceae .
Xanthoceras sorbifolium ( yellowhorn , shiny leaf yellowhorn , goldenhorn , Chinese flowering chestnut ) is a woody perennial in the soapberry family , Sapindaceae , and the only species in the genus Xanthoceras .
Taruga longinasus ( common names : southern whipping frog , long - snouted tree - frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Lycodon osmanhilli , commonly known as the Colombo wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake , which is endemic to Sri Lanka .
Lithospermum incisum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by several common names , including narrowleaf stoneseed , fringed gromwell , narrowleaf puccoon , and plains stoneseed .
Ruellia simplex ( Britton 's wild petunia , Mexican petunia , Mexican bluebell ) is a species of flowering plant in the acanthus family , Acanthaceae .
Theba pisana , common names the white garden snail , sand hill snail , white Italian snail , Mediterranean coastal snail , and simply just the Mediterranean snail , is an edible species of medium - sized , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Athamanta turbith is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae .
Vitis heyneana is a species of climbing vine in the grape family endemic to Asia .
Adelotypa bolena is a species of butterfly in the Riodinidae family .
Psilocybe medullosa is a species of psychoactive mushroom .
Chanaresuchus is an extinct genus of proterochampsian archosauriform .
Conus canonicus , common name the tiger cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Camptoceras hirasei is a species of air - breathing freshwater snails with sinistral shells , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae .
Howea belmoreana , the curly palm , kentia palm , or Belmore sentry palm , is a species of flowering plant in the family Arecaceae , endemic to Lord Howe Island , Australia .
Leptophilypnion is a genus of small sleeper gobies endemic to the Amazon Basin in South America .
Rafflesia philippensis is a parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia that was named by Blanco in his Flora de Filipinas in 1845 .
Allium teretifolium is a plant species native to Xinjiang , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
Donax vittatus , or the banded wedge shell , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the order Veneroida .
Calliclinus nudiventris is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific coast of Chile .
Lancetilla del Páramo ( Castilleja pumila ) is a flowering species of plant in the Orobanchaceae family .
Trichilogaster acaciaelongifoliae is a species of Australian chalcid wasps that parasitises , among others , Acacia longifolia ( long - leaved wattle , or Sydney golden wattle ) , which has become an invasive pest in several countries .
Cochlespira radiata , common name the common star turret , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae .
Hemiscorpiidae is a family of scorpions with 72 described species in 12 genera .
Fritillaria viridea is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Benito fritillary .
Callicarpa ampla , also called the capa rose , is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family .
Diaptomus is a genus of copepods with a single eye spot .
Griphotherion is an extinct genus of notoungulate mammal from the Eocene of Argentina .
Paraphago rostratus is a species of distichodontid fish endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Naziritor zhobensis , the Zhobi mahseer , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Pakistan .
†Libera tumuloides was a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Endodontidae .
Muhlenbergia porteri is a species of grass known by the common names bush muhly and Porter 's muhly .
Hylaeochampsa is an extinct genus of eusuchian crocodylomorph .
Bathysciadium costulatum is a species of sea snail , deep - sea limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bathysciadiidae .
Temnocephala lamothei is a species of flatworm in the family Temnocephalidae .
Termitaradus dominicanus is an extinct species of termite bug in the family Termitaphididae known from a Miocene fossil found on Hispaniola .
Terebra guttata , common name the eyed auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Paragraciella schoudeteni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paragraciella .
Strobilurus tenacellus , commonly known as the pinecone cap , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Physalacriaceae .
Clathrina cordata is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from South Africa .
Amblyomma americanum , or lone star tick , is a species of tick in the genus Amblyomma .
Catharia is a monotypic genus of moths , containing the single species Catharia prenealis .
The Lago Blanco tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys fodax ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Vanilla raabii is a species of orchid in the Vanilla genus .
Pholidotrope is a genus of mostly small deep water sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chilodontidae .
Cyperus grayoides is a species of sedge known by the common names Illinois flatsedge and Mohlenbrock 's umbrella sedge .
Ericameria cuneata is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name cliff goldenbush .
Kennedia coccinea ( coral vine ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae , endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
Contusus is a genus of pufferfishes native to the coastal waters of southern Australia and New Zealand .
Hornungia is a small genus of plants in the mustard family .
Dermatobranchus glaber is a species of sea slug , a nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Arminidae .
Leccinum insigne , commonly known as the aspen bolete or the aspen scaber stalk , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Ctenochaetus hawaiiensis ( commonly known as chevron tang , but also known as black surgeonfish , Hawaiian bristletooth , Hawaiian kole or Hawaiian surgeonfish ) are a species of reef surgeonfish in the family Acanthuridae .
Antirrhinum virga ( syn . Sairocarpus virga ) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name tall snapdragon .
Telmatochromis dhonti is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers rocky substrates .
Idotea granulosa is a species of marine isopod in the family Idoteidae .
Hypleurochilus multifilis , the Featherduster blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean , around Texas , USA .
Paddlefish ( family Polyodontidae ) are basal Chondrostean ray - finned fish .
Horezmia is an extinct Mesozoic genus of prehistoric salamanders .
Nyssodesmus python also known as the python millipede or large forest - floor millipede is a species of flat - backed millipede of the family Platyrhacidae commonly found in Costa Rica , where it occurs widely and is locally abundant in the Caribbean slopes from sea level to around 365 meters ( 1,200 feet ) in elevation .
Lepidurus arcticus is a species of tadpole shrimp which inhabits both ephemeral pools and permanent freshwater lakes of Norway , Greenland , Finland , Sweden , Svalbard , Iceland , Russia and the Kuril Islands .
The genus Legionella is a pathogenic group of Gram - negative bacteria that includes the species L. pneumophila , causing legionellosis ( all illnesses caused by Legionella ) including a pneumonia - type illness called Legionnaires ' disease and a mild flu - like illness called Pontiac fever .
Spencer 's goanna or Spencer 's monitor ( Varanus spenceri ) is a species of monitor lizards native to the Barkly region in central Queensland / Northern Territory , Australia .
Luvaris necopinatus is a species of extinct louvar that lived in the Tethys Ocean during the early Paleogene .
Deinonychus ( /daɪˈnɒnᵻkəs/ dy - NON - i - kəs ; Greek : δεινός , ' terrible ' and ὄνυξ , genitive ὄνυχος ' claw ' ) is a genus of carnivorous dromaeosaurid coelurosaurian dinosaurs , with one described species , Deinonychus antirrhopus .
Rhytida meesoni is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae .
Lespedeza leptostachya is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names prairie lespedeza and prairie bush - clover .
Saprinus ornatus is a species of clown beetles belonging to the family Histeridae .
Arthrochilus , commonly called elbow orchids , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
The Savalai hairtail , Lepturacanthus savala , also known as Small - head hairtail , is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and into the west Pacific Ocean as far east as Australia .
Lasioderma serricorne , commonly known as the cigarette beetle , cigar beetle , or tobacco beetle , is an insect very similar in appearance to the drugstore beetle ( Stegobium paniceum ) and the common furniture beetle ( Anobium punctatum ) , and all three species belong to the family Anobiidae .
Hoplocorypha narocana is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia , Kenya , Tanzania , Chad , and Zambia .
Parrotiopsis is a genus of deciduous shrub or small tree in the witch hazel family .
Ilanga illustris is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae .
Cumulopuntia is a genus of cactus ( family Cactaceae ) .
The Ceram mangrove monitor , Varanus cerambonensis , is a species of monitor lizards found in Indonesia .
Larinus is a genus of true weevils , comprising about 180 species , mostly in the Palaearctic region .
Leptodirus hochenwartii , or L. hohenwarti , is a cave beetle in the family Leiodidae and the only species in the genus Leptodirus .
Trifolium barbigerum is a species of clover known by the common name bearded clover .
Fucus radicans is a species of brown algae in the family Fucaceae , endemic to and recently evolved within the Baltic Sea .
Chiropsalmus quadrigatus is a species of box jellyfish in the Chiropsalmidae family and can be found in the waters around Malaysia .
Prodajus ostendensis is a species of marine isopod in the family Dajidae and is found in the North Sea .
Treponema is a genus of spiral - shaped bacteria .
Echiniscoides sigismundi is the type species of Echiniscoides the oldest genus of tardigrades .
Squalogadus modificatus , the Tadpole whiptail , is a species of rattail found in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 600 to 1,740 metres ( 1,970 to 5,710 ft ) .
Sicyopterus is a genus of gobies native fresh waters from Madagascar to the Pacific islands .
Aporrhais pesgallinae is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae , the pelican 's foot snails or pelican 's foot shells .
Loweriella boltoni is a species of ant and is the only known species of genus Loweriella .
Anhydrophryne is a genus of frogs in the Pyxicephalidae family , formerly in Petropedetidae .
Esomus is a genus comprising the Flying Barbs .
Esperiana daudebartii is a species of a freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Melanopsidae .
Traccatichthys is a genus of stone loaches from southern China and Vietnam .
Arnica dealbata is a species of Californian plants in the tarweed tribe within the aster family The species is known by the common name mock leopardbane .
Allium simillimum , the Simil Onion , or dwarf onion , is a plant species native to Idaho and Montana ( Gallatin and Ravalli Counties ) .
The sole species is Herpolirion novae - zelandiae , commonly known as Sky Lily .
Lavigeria paucicostata is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Paludomidae .
Pycnogonidae is a family of sea spiders .
Trachycephalus lepidus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil .
Helicarion mastersi is a species of air - breathing land snail , also referred to as a semi - slug because of its small shell .
Dendrelaphis is a genus of colubrid snakes , distributed from Pakistan , India and southern China to Indonesia , Timor - Leste , the Philippines , Australia , New Guinea and the Solomon Islands .
Homogalax is an extinct genus of tapir - like herbivore .
Sargassum pallidum is a species of seaweed native to East Asia and Southeast Asia .
Paradistichodus dimidiatus is a species of distichodontid fish that occurs in the African nations of Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Chad , Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea - Bissau , Mali , Mauritania , Niger , Nigeria , and Senegal .
Pteroplius acuminatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pteroplius .
Gelechioidea ( from the type genus Gelechia , `` resting on the ground '' ) is the superfamily of moths that contains the case - bearers , twirler moths , and relatives , also simply called curved - horn moths or gelechioid moths .
Anserimimus ( /ˌænsərᵻˈmaɪməs/ AN - sər - i - MY - məs ; `` goose mimic '' ) is a genus of ornithomimid theropod dinosaur , from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia .
Aetheolirion is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family , first described in 1962 .
Brickelliastrum is a North American genus of flowering plants in the tribe boneset tribe within the sunflower fammily .
†Partula imperforata was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Dolichamphilius brieni is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in Pool Malebo .
Sanzinia madagascariensis ( also known as the Malagasy tree boa , or Madagascar tree boa ) is a non - venomous boa species endemic to the island of Madagascar .
Congochromis is a genus of small cichlids native to river basins in Middle Africa .
Scaptotrigona mexicana is a species of stingless bee that lives throughout Mexico and is part of the Meliponini tribe .
Sargocentron tiere or the blue - lined squirrelfish is one species of Squirrelfish from the Indo - Pacific .
Paracanthocobitis mackenziei also known as the Robust zipper loach is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis .
Olybria aliculella is a species of snout moth , and the type species in the genus Olybria .
Hapalopilus croceus is a species of polypore fungus .
Cleistocactus hyalacanthus is a species of columnar cactus in the genus Cleistocactus .
Aphthona is a genus of beetle , in the leaf beetle family Chrysomelidae , native to Europe and Asia .
Iguanodontidae is a family of iguanodontians belonging to Styracosterna , a derived clade of the iguanodont group Ankylopollexia .
Archidistoma is a genus of tunicates .
Denticetopsis epa is a species of whale catfish endemic to Brazil where it is known from several localities in the lower portions of the Tocantins River basin .
Rhizospalax is a genus of extinct rodent from Europe thought to be distantly related to modern beavers .
Cyrtodactylus rubidus , or the red bow - fingered gecko , is a species of gecko found in the Andaman Islands ( India ) and the Coco Islands ( Myanmar ) .
Potamocorbula amurensis is a species of small saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the order Myoida .
Haliotis australis , common name the `` queen paua '' or austral abalone , is a species of edible sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Platyhypnidium riparioides , the long - beaked water feathermoss , is a species of aquatic moss commonly found in many regions .
Stenocorus meridianus is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily that can be found anywhere in Europe ( except for Faroe Islands , Iceland and Ireland , Malta , and parts of Italy such as San Marino , Sardinia , Sicily , and Vatican city ) , Caucasus , and Kazakhstan .
Caldesia is a genus of aquatic plants .
Dioryctria auranticella , the ponderosa pineconeworm moth , is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae .
Puccinia psidii can have very serious consequences to various species of plants in the Myrtaceae .
Estiella is a monotypic South African genus of potter wasps .
Lithoxus boujardi is a species of armored catfish endemic to French Guiana where it occurs in the Approuague and Oyapock River basins .
Astragalus asymmetricus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name San Joaquin milkvetch .
The Astrocoeniidae are a small family of stony corals .
Pinus durangensis , the Durango pine , is a pine tree species endemic to the Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range of Northwestern Mexico .
Tasmanophlebi lacuscoerulei is a species of mayfly in family Siphlonuridae .
The family is monogeneric , containing the single genus Gyroporus , which , according to a 2008 estimate , contains ten widely distributed species .
Bacteroides ureolyticus is a species in the bacterial genus of Gram - negative , obligately anaerobic bacteria .
Emarginula fissura , the common slit limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Crossodactylodes ( common name : bromeliad frogs ) is a genus of leptodactylid frogs from the Atlantic Forest of eastern Brazil .
Mastixia arborea is a species of plant in the Cornaceae family .
Baru is an extinct genus of Australian mekosuchine crocodilian .
Chaerilus celebensis also known as the Asian bush scorpion or speckled bush scorpion is a species of scorpion from the family Chaerilidae .
Asarta alpicolella is a species of snout moth in the genus Asarta .
Thelephon is an extinct genus of procolophonine procolophonid parareptile from middle Triassic ( early Anisian stage ) deposits of Free State Province , South Africa .
Juncus regelii is a species of rush known by the common name Regel 's rush .
Micropterix trifasciella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1965 , It is known from the French and Italian Alps , and is known to inhabit herbacious plants at an elevation range of 1,400 - -1,900 metres ( 4,600 - -6,200 ft ) .
Atheloca subrufella is a species of snout moth , a member of the genus Atheloca .
Graptemys is a genus of aquatic , freshwater turtles known commonly as map turtles or sometimes sawback turtles , endemic to North America .
Festuca brevipila , the hard fescue , is a species of grass which can be found everywhere in Canada and in both Eastern and Central United States ( except for Arkansas , Kansas , Nebraska , Oklahoma , and South Dakota ) .
Gentiana scabra ( or Japanese gentian ) is a species of flowering plant in the Gentian family ( Gentianaceae ) , found in much of the United States and Japan .
The Gulf Coast horned lizard ( Phrynosoma wigginsi ) is a horned lizard species native to Baja California , Mexico .
Acleisanthes nevadensis ( syn . Selinocarpus nevadensis ) is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common names desert moonpod and desert wing - fruit .
The Iberian wolf ( Canis lupus signatus ) is a subspecies of grey wolf that inhabits the forest and plains of northern Portugal and northwestern Spain .
Kukufeldia is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur that existed in what is now England during the Early Cretaceous period .
Nymphargus ruizi ( common name : Ruiz 's Cochran frog ) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family , formerly placed in Cochranella .
Lethrinus atkinsoni is a species of emperor fish described by Alvin Seale in 1910 .
Solanum tepuiense is a plant species native to Venezuela .
Agabus bipustulatus is a species of beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Afro - tropical region , the Near East and North Africa .
Trypauchen is a genus of burrowing gobies native to the Indo - Pacific region .
Sulcavis is a genus of enantiornithine bird .
Callionymus sereti is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific Ocean around Futuna Island where it occurs at depths of from 245 to 400 metres ( 804 to 1,312 ft ) .
Erethistes pusillus is a species of South Asian river catfish native to India , Bangladesh and Myanmar where it is mostly found in hill streams .
Pseudoscopelus is a genus of snaketooth fishes .
Lockhartia micrantha is a species of orchid native to Nicaragua , Costa Rica , Panama and Colombia .
Montia is a genus of plants in the purslane family , Montiaceae .
Heterocapsa circularisquama is a species of Dinoflagellate notable for the production of a biotoxin affecting marine fauna .
Rubus cockburnianus ( white - stemmed bramble ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae .
Locastra crassipennis is a species of snout moth in the genus Locastra .
Leptotyphlops sundewalli , or Sundevall 's worm snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Trichocoma is a genus of fungi in the family Trichocomaceae .
Catoxantha opulenta is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae , subfamily Chrysochroinae .
Diplurus is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth fish which lived during the Triassic period .
Chrysomya rufifacies is a species belonging to the blow fly family , Calliphoridae , and is most significant in the field of forensic entomology due to its use in establishing or altering post mortem intervals .
