Book of Sketches is a collection of spontaneous prose poetry by the American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac , published posthumously in 2006 .
Betwixt and Between ( L'Envers et l'endroit , also translated as The Wrong Side and the Right Side , Collection , 1937 ) is a work of non - fiction by Albert Camus .
`` A Treatise Concerning Religious Affections '' is a famous publication written in 1746 by Jonathan Edwards describing his philosophy about the process of Christian conversion in Northampton , Massachusetts during the First Great Awakening , which emanated from Edwards ' congregation starting in 1734 .
Little Men , or Life at Plumfield with Jo 's Boys , is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott , first published in 1871 .
Transfer of Power is Vince Flynn 's second published book in 1999 and is where the reader meets Mitch Rapp , the CIA 's super agent .
Sherlock Holmes 's War of the Worlds is a sequel to H. G. Wells ' science fiction novel The War of the Worlds , written by Manly Wade Wellman and his son Wade Wellman , and published in 1975 .
The Jungle is a 1906 novel written by the American journalist and novelist Upton Sinclair ( 1878 - -1968 ) .
Madame X ( original title La Femme X ) is a 1908 play by French playwright Alexandre Bisson ( 1848 - -1912 ) .
The First Man ( French title : Le Premier homme ) is Albert Camus ' unfinished final novel .
Sherston 's Progress is the final book of Siegfried Sassoon 's semi - autobiographical trilogy .
Cahier d'un retour au pays natal ( 1939 ) , translated as Notebook of a Return to the Native Land , is a book - length poem by Martinican writer Aimé Césaire , considered his masterwork , that mixes poetry and prose to express his thoughts on the cultural identity of black Africans in a colonial setting .
Toyota Kata is a management book by Mike Rother .
The Darkest Evening of the Year is a novel by the author Dean Koontz , released on November 27 , 2007 .
Goodbye to Berlin is a 1939 novel by Christopher Isherwood set in Weimar Germany .
The History of United States Naval Operations in World War II is a 15-volume account of the United States Navy in World War II , written by Samuel Eliot Morison and published by Little , Brown and Company between 1947 and 1962 .
Fear Agent is a science fiction comic book series by Rick Remender with art by Tony Moore and Jerome Opena , who alternate on story arcs .
For Self - Examination ( subtitle : Recommended to the Present Age ; Danish : Til Selvprøvelse Samtiden anbefalet ) is a work by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard .
Three Birds Alighting on a Field is a 1992 play by Timberlake Wertenbaker .
Motherless Brooklyn is a Jonathan Lethem detective story set in Brooklyn and published in 1999 .
De Bello Alexandrino ( also Bellum Alexandrinum ; On the Alexandrine War ) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar 's commentaries , De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili .
Cheaper by the Dozen is a biographical novel written by Frank Bunker Gilbreth , Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey , published in 1948 .
Men Against the Sea is the second installment in the trilogy by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall about the mutiny aboard HMS Bounty .
The Enchanter is a novella written by Vladimir Nabokov in Paris in 1939 .
The Control of Nature is a 1989 book by John McPhee that chronicles three attempts ( with varying success ) to control natural processes .
Der Bürgergeneral ( English : The Citizen General ) is a comedy in one act by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , written and published in 1793 .
`` Tralla La '' is a Scrooge McDuck comic book story by Carl Barks .
The novel Harvesting the Heart is author Jodi Picoult 's second novel , after Songs of the Humpback Whale , published in 1993 by Viking .
Singularity Sky is a science fiction novel by author Charles Stross , published in 2003 .
The Misanthrope , or the Cantankerous Lover ( French : Le Misanthrope ou l'Atrabilaire amoureux ; French pronunciation : ​(lə mizɑ̃tʁɔp u latʁabilɛːʁ amuʁø ) ) is a 17th - century comedy of manners in verse written by Molière .
The Fountains of Paradise is a Hugo and Nebula Award -- winning 1979 novel by Arthur C. Clarke .
Feast of Souls ( ISBN 0756404630 ) is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman .
The Carved Lions ( 1895 ) is a book by British author Mary Louisa Molesworth ( Mrs. Molesworth ) .
Dark Mind , Dark Heart is an anthology of horror stories edited by August Derleth .
In the Grip of Winter is the second book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series by Colin Dann .
The Brothers Lionheart ( Swedish : Bröderna Lejonhjärta ) is a children 's fantasy novel written by Astrid Lindgren .
Maureen Birnbaum , Barbarian Swordsperson is a 1993 anthology by George Alec Effinger , with cover and interior illustrations by Ken Kelly .
The Tombs of Atuan is a young - adult fantasy novel by the American author Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in the Winter 1970 issue of Worlds of Fantasy and published as a book by Atheneum in 1971 .
The DNAgents is a comic - book series created by writer Mark Evanier and artist Will Meugniot and published by Eclipse Comics in 1983 .
Les Fleurs du mal ( English : The Flowers of Evil ) is a volume of French poetry by Charles Baudelaire .
The Incomparable Atuk is a satirical novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler .
The House Beyond Your Sky is a science fiction short story written in 2006 by Benjamin Rosenbaum .
Louder and Funnier is a collection of essays by P.G. Wodehouse , first published as a book in the United Kingdom on 10 March 1932 by Faber and Faber , London .
An Imaginative Approach to Teaching is a 2005 non - fiction book by Kieran Egan that explains his ideas about how students '' imaginations work in learning .
Emotionally Weird is the third novel by Kate Atkinson published in 2000 .
Yesterday 's Shadow is a 2001 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary , his 50th over all .
Miss Marjoribanks is an 1866 novel by Margaret Oliphant .
Fragmento preliminar al estudio del derecho ( Spanish : Preliminary fragment of the study of law ) is an 1837 book by Juan Bautista Alberdi .
An African in Greenland is a 1981 book by the Togolese author Tété - Michel Kpomassie .
Prolegomena zur Geschichte Israels ( Prolegomena to the History of Israel ) is a book by German biblical scholar and orientalist Julius Wellhausen ( 1844 - 1918 ) that formulated -- though did not found -- the documentary hypothesis , a theory on the composition history of the Torah or Pentateuch .
The Family from One End Street is a realistic English children 's novel , written and illustrated by Eve Garnett and published by Frederick Muller in 1937 .
The Mammaries of the Welfare State is an English - language Indian novel , the sequel to Upamanyu Chatterjee 's debut novel , English , August .
The Kraken Project is a thriller novel by American writer Douglas Preston .
Knees Up Mother Earth is the seventh book by Robert Rankin in the Brentford Trilogy , as well as the second book in the The Witches of Chiswick trilogy .
Move Under Ground is a horror novel mashup by Nick Mamatas which combines the Beat style of Jack Kerouac with the cosmic horror of H. P. Lovecraft 's Cthulhu Mythos .
`` The Dragon on the Bookshelf '' is a short story by American authors Harlan Ellison and Robert Silverberg .
The Narrow Waters ( French : Les Eaux étroites ) is a 1976 essay collection by the French writer Julien Gracq .
China Rich Girlfriend is the 2015 sequel to Kevin Kwan 's Crazy Rich Asians a novel about the wealthy Singapore elite .
Darkness at Noon ( German : Sonnenfinsternis ) is a novel by Hungarian - born British novelist Arthur Koestler , first published in 1940 .
As I See It is a 2011 Indian book by politician L. K. Advani , who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of India and former president of Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
All the Year Round was a Victorian periodical , being a British weekly literary magazine founded and owned by Charles Dickens , published between 1859 and 1895 throughout the United Kingdom .
Randamoozham ( English : Second Turn , Malayalam : രണ്ടാമൂഴം ) is a 1984 Malayalam novel by M. T. Vasudevan Nair .
Love and Death in Bali ( German : Liebe und Tod auf Bali ) is a 1937 novel by the Austrian writer Vicki Baum .
Market Forces was science fiction author Richard K. Morgan 's third novel .
Lady Boss is a 1990 novel written by Jackie Collins and the third in her Santangelo novels series .
Doctor Glas , an epistolary novel by Hjalmar Söderberg , tells the story of a physician in 19th - century Sweden who deals with moral and love issues .
Unweaving the Rainbow ( subtitled `` Science , Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder '' ) is a 1998 book by Richard Dawkins , discussing the relationship between science and the arts from the perspective of a scientist .
The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers are a trio of underground comic strip characters created by the United States artist Gilbert Shelton .
Century Rain is a 2004 noir science fiction alternate history mystery novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds ( ISBN 0 - 575 - 07436 - 1 ) .
Berts första betraktelser ( Swedish : Bert 's first contemplations ) is a diary novel , written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1990 .
Akhenaten , Dweller in Truth is a novel written and published by Nobel Prize - winning Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz in 1985 .
Interview with History ( Intervista con la storia in Italian ) is a book consisting of interviews by the Italian journalist and author Oriana Fallaci ( 1929 - -2006 ) , one of the most original and controversial interviewers of her time .
`` Story of the Warrior and the Captive '' ( original Spanish `` Historia del Guerrero y la cautiva '' ) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges .
23 Hours is a 2009 vampire novel written by David Wellington .
Confessions of a Teenage Baboon is a young adult novel by Paul Zindel , published in 1977 .
How I Learned Geography , by Uri Shulevitz , is a fictional story recasting a childhood memory .
The Runaway Soul , published by Farrar , Straus & Giroux in 1991 , first edition ISBN 978 - 0 - 374 - 25286 - 1 , Library of Congress catalog card number 91 - 75885 , is the long - awaited first novel by Harold Brodkey .
In the 2001 book The Unfinished Twentieth Century , author Jonathan Schell suggests that an essential feature of the twentieth century was the development of humankind 's capacity for self - destruction , with the rise in many forms of `` policies of extermination '' .
`` A Murder , a Mystery , and a Marriage '' is a short story written by Mark Twain in 1876 .
Beezus and Ramona is a 1955 children 's novel written by Beverly Cleary .
The Streets of Ankh - Morpork is an atlas of the fictional city of Ankh - Morpork in Discworld , a fantasy series by English author Terry Pratchett .
The Early Asimov or , Eleven Years of Trying is a 1972 collection of short stories by Isaac Asimov .
Naples ' 44 is a military memoir of World War II written by the British travel writer and novelist Norman Lewis that was first published in 1978 .
Anti - Semite and Jew ( French : Réflexions sur la question juive ) is an essay about antisemitism written by Jean - Paul Sartre shortly after the liberation of Paris from German occupation in 1944 .
La Semaine Sainte is an historical novel by French writer Louis Aragon published in 1958 .
Bases y puntos de partida para la organización política de la República Argentina ( Spanish : Bases and starting points for the political organization of the Argentine republic ) is an Argentine book by Juan Bautista Alberdi .
Sun Storm ( Solstorm ) , published in the UK as The Savage Altar , is the first novel by Swedish crime - writer Åsa Larsson .
The Death of Pompey ( La Mort de Pompée ) is a tragedy by the French playwright Pierre Corneille on the death of Pompey the Great .
A Song Flung Up to Heaven is the sixth book in author Maya Angelou 's series of autobiographies .
`` A Toy for Juliette '' is a short story by Robert Bloch from Harlan Ellison 's Dangerous Visions , about Jack the Ripper , being pulled into a dystopic future by a sadistic femme fatale and her mysterious grandfather .
Wine of the Dreamers is a 1951 science fiction novel written by John D. MacDonald .
One Second After is a 2009 fiction novel by American writer William R. Forstchen .
The Vertical Smile is a political satire novel by Richard Condon .
Mere Christianity is a theological book by C. S. Lewis , adapted from a series of BBC radio talks made between 1942 and 1944 , while Lewis was at Oxford during World War II . Considered a classic of Christian apologetics , the transcripts of the broadcasts originally appeared in print as three separate pamphlets :
Team Rodent is a non - fiction book written by Carl Hiaasen about the Walt Disney Company and its stance towards the outside world .
The Historical Illuminatus Chronicles is a series of three novels by Robert Anton Wilson written after his highly successful The Illuminatus !
Il sindaco del Rione Sanità ( `` The Mayor of Rione Sanità '' ) is a play in three acts by Neapolitan screenwriter and actor Eduardo De Filippo .
Great Destiny is a 1973 historical novel by Mongolian author Sonomyn Udval .
The Guilty Mother ( French : La Mère coupable ) subtitled The Other Tartuffe is the third play of the Figaro trilogy by Pierre Beaumarchais ; its predecessors were The Barber of Seville and The Marriage of Figaro .
The Road to Character is the fourth book written by David Brooks .
Decision Points is a memoir by former U.S. President George W. Bush .
And a Star to Steer Her By is a science fiction short story by G. Harry Stine under the name Lee Correy originally published in the June 1953 edition of Astounding Science Fiction .
On the Councils and the Church ( 1539 ) is a treatise on ecclesiology written by Protestant reformer Martin Luther late in life .
Osbert Lancaster 's Drayneflete Revealed ( 1949 , published in the US as There 'll Always be a Drayneflete 1950 ) , is an illustrated book on architectural style .
Felix Holt , the Radical ( 1866 ) is a social novel written by George Eliot about political disputes in a small English town at the time of the First Reform Act of 1832 .
Consider the Lobster and Other Essays ( 2005 ) is a collection of essays by novelist David Foster Wallace .
The Closing of the American Mind is a 1987 book by Allan Bloom , who describes `` how higher education has failed democracy and impoverished the souls of today 's students . ''
Drugs Are Nice is the memoir of Lisa Crystal Carver published by Soft Skull Press in the US in 2005 and by Snowbooks in the UK in 2006 , detailing her early childhood and later romantic relationships with Costes , Boyd Rice and Smog 's Bill Callahan .
The Interior Castle , or The Mansions , ( Spanish : El Castillo Interior or Las Moradas ) was written by St. Teresa of Ávila , O.C.D. , the Spanish Discalced Carmelite nun and famed mystic , in 1577 as a guide for spiritual development through service and prayer .
Inventing the AIDS Virus is a 1996 book by molecular biologist Peter Duesberg , in which he argues that HIV does not cause AIDS .
Time Stops for No Mouse is a children 's mystery novel written by Michael Hoeye .
Shy Leopardess is a fantasy novel by Leslie Barringer , the third and last book in his three volume Neustrian Cycle .
I natt rømmer vi is a Norwegian children 's book from 1932 , written by Bernhard Stokke .
A Short History of Byzantium ( 1997 ) is a history of the Byzantine Empire by historian John Julius Norwich .
`` The Lawnmower Man '' is a short story by Stephen King , first published in the May 1975 issue of Cavalier and later collected in King 's 1978 collection Night Shift .
The Chopin Manuscript is a collaboration by 15 thriller writers created by Jeffery Deaver .
Antrax is the second book in Terry Brooks ' The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara fantasy trilogy .
Sea and Sardinia is a travel book by the English writer D. H. Lawrence .
Enchanted , Inc. is the first book in the `` Katie Chandler '' series of romantic urban fantasy novels by Shanna Swendson published in 2005 .
Mo Said She Was Quirky is a novel by James Kelman first published in 2012 This novel is Kelman 's first which is set in London , and also his first to feature a female principal character .
Le Chevalier de Maison - Rouge ( translated as The Knight of Maison - Rouge : A Novel of Marie Antoinette or The Knight of the Red House ) was written in 1845 by Alexandre Dumas , père .
The Black Order Brigade ( 1979 ; also published as The Ranks of the Black Order ; original French title Les Phalanges de l'Ordre Noir ) is a political thriller graphic novel written by Pierre Christin and illustrated by Enki Bilal .
On Translating Homer , published in January 1861 , was a printed version of the series of public lectures given by Matthew Arnold as Professor of Poetry at Oxford from 3 November 1860 to 18 December 1860 .
Too Much Coffee Man ( TMCM ) is an American satirical superhero created by cartoonist Shannon Wheeler .
A Simple Enquiry is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway .
The Knight in the Panther 's Skin ( Georgian : ვეფხისტყაოსანი pronounced ( vɛpʰxist’q’ɑosɑni ) literally `` one with a skin of vepkhi '' ) is a Georgian medieval epic poem , written in the 12th century by Georgia 's national poet Shota Rustaveli .
The Blue Gate of Babylon is the third comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering .
Sidney Sheldon 's Mistress of the Game is a 2009 novel by Tilly Bagshawe .
The Sissy Duckling is a children 's picture book written by noted actor Harvey Fierstein and illustrated by Henry Cole .
The Atlas of Pern by Karen Wynn Fonstad is an authorized companion book to the science fiction Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne McCaffrey .
Begone , Demons , also translated as Get Out You Damned , or Get Out of Here , Curse You ! is Saddam Hussein 's fourth and last novel .
The Manhattan Projects is a comic book series co - created by writer Jonathan Hickman and artist Nick Pitarra published by Image Comics .
Embassytown is a science fiction novel by British author China Miéville .
Skinnybones is a 1982 children 's novel written by Barbara Park .
Shadow Divers ( published in 2004 ) is a non - fictional book by Robert Kurson recounting of the discovery of a World War II German U - boat 60 miles ( 97 km ) off the coast of New Jersey , United States in 1991 .
The Case for Animal Rights is a 1983 book by the American philosopher , Tom Regan , and an `` important '' text within animal rights theory .
The New Space Opera ( 2007 , ISBN 978 - 0 - 06 - 084675 - 6 ) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois and Jonathan Strahan .
Doctor Omega is a fictional character created by French writer Arnould Galopin for his science fiction novel Le Docteur Oméga ( 1906 ) , visibly inspired by H. G. Wells ' novels The War of the Worlds and The First Men in the Moon .
Love on the Dole is a novel by Walter Greenwood , about working class poverty in 1930s Northern England .
The Black Hills Cemetery Act ( H.R. 291 ; Pub . L. 113 - -131 ) is a United States public law that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives of the 113th United States Congress on January 15 , 2013 by Rep. Kristi Noem ( SD - R ) .
Thursbitch is a novel by English writer Alan Garner , named after the valley in the Pennines of England where the action occurs ( also listed in the 1841 OS map as `` Thursbatch '' ) .
Floor Games is a book published in 1911 by H. G. Wells .
The Vondish Ambassador ( 2007 ) is a novel by Lawrence Watt - Evans set in his Ethshar universe .
Les lauriers sont coupés ( French pronunciation : ​(le lɔʁje sɔ̃ kupe ) , `` The laurels are cut '' ) is an 1887 novel by French author Édouard Dujardin , first published in the magazine Revue Indépendante .
The Sprawl trilogy ( also known as the Neuromancer , Cyberspace , or Matrix trilogy ) is William Gibson 's first set of novels , composed of Neuromancer ( 1984 ) , Count Zero ( 1986 ) , and Mona Lisa Overdrive ( 1988 ) .
`` Promoting a Devil '' ( also translated as The Imp and the Crust ) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1886 .
Things the Grandchildren Should Know is an autobiography by Mark Oliver Everett , the front man of the independent rock band Eels .
La Paix du ménage ( Domestic Bliss ) is a French novella by Honoré de Balzac , which was first published by Mame et Delaunay - Vallée in 1830 as one of the author 's Scènes de la vie privée ( Scenes from Private Life ) .
Just in Case is a young - adult novel by Meg Rosoff published by Penguin in 2006 .
`` Dead Man 's Chest '' ( also known as Fifteen Men On The Dead Man 's Chest or Derelict ) is a fictional sea song , originally from Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island ( 1883 ) .
Dialectic of Enlightenment ( German : Dialektik der Aufklärung ) is a work of philosophy and social criticism written by Frankfurt School philosophers Max Horkheimer and Theodor W. Adorno and first published in 1944 .
`` Merlusine '' is a 1997 fantasy and science fiction novelette by Lucy Sussex .
Three Day Road is the first novel from Canadian writer Joseph Boyden .
`` The Hallmarks of Cancer '' is a seminal peer - reviewed article published in the journal Cell in January 2000 by the cancer researchers Douglas Hanahan and Robert Weinberg .
Streets of Glory is a 6-issue western comic book mini - series written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Mike Wolfer .
Hollywood Husbands is a 1986 novel by the British author Jackie Collins .
A Treatise on the Astrolabe is a medieval instruction manual on the astrolabe by Geoffrey Chaucer .
The Way the World is Going is a 1928 nonfiction book written by British author H. G. Wells .
On the Oceans of Eternity is the third and final novel of the Nantucket alternate history series by S. M. Stirling .
The Lüshi Chunqiu ( Lü - shih Ch'un - ch'iu ) is an encyclopedic Chinese classic text compiled around 239 BC under the patronage of the Qin Dynasty Chancellor Lü Buwei .
Come Sing , Jimmy Jo is a 1985 children 's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson .
The Atlantic Sound is a 2000 travel book by Caryl Phillips .
Decisive Moments in History ( German : Sternstunden der Menschheit ) is a 1927 history book by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig .
Enoc Huws is a classic novel by Daniel Owen , written in the Welsh language and first published in 1891 .
The Short , Strange Life of Herschel Grynszpan is a book by Jonathan Kirsch about Herschel Grynszpan , a Polish - Jewish refugee who assassinated German diplomat Ernst vom Rath on 7 November 1938 .
Superdupont is a French comic strip created in 1972 by Marcel Gotlib and Jacques Lob , with the collaboration of Alexis .
The Ragnarök Conspiracy is the 2012 debut thriller novel by biomedical scientist Erec Stebbins , and the first novel in the Intel 1 Series of thrillers .
The Book of Saladin is an historical novel by Pakistani born British writer Tariq Ali , first published in 1998 .
Adventures in a TV Nation is a book by American author and film director Michael Moore and his producer and wife Kathleen Glynn .
Black Swan Green is a semi - autobiographical bildungsroman written by David Mitchell .
Actes et Paroles ( English : Deeds and Words ) is a book by Victor Hugo , that recounts his life story and his dreams of the future .
Come over to My House is a 1966 children 's book written by Dr. Seuss and illustrated by Richard Erdoes .
A Voice in the Wind ( 1993 ) is a novel by Francine Rivers , and the first book in the Mark of the Lion Series .
Every Man a Tiger ( 1999 ) is Tom Clancy 's second book in his study of command series .
Hachiko Waits is a children 's book , written by Lesléa Newman and illustrated by Machiyo Kodaira .
War Trash is a novel by the Chinese author Ha Jin , who has long lived in the United States and who writes in English .
The Historical Atlas of World Mythology is a multi - volume series of books by Joseph Campbell that traces developments in humankind 's mythological symbols and stories from pre - history forward .
Pomes Penyeach is a collection of thirteen short poems written by James Joyce .
The Snout in the Dark is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian , an untitled fragment begun in the 1930s but not finished or published in Howard 's lifetime .
Terje Vigen is a poem written by Henrik Ibsen , published in 1862 .
Veil 's Visit : a Taste of Hap and Leonard is a collection of stories and excerpts by American author Joe R. Lansdale featuring his longtime protagonists Hap Collins and Leonard Pine .
Eyes of the Emperor is a historical novel written by Graham Salisbury , and is currently published by Laurel - Leaf , which is an imprint of Random House Children 's Books , in the United States in paperback .
Kensuke 's Kingdom is a children 's novel by Michael Morpurgo , illustrated by Michael Foreman .
The Bane Chronicles is a series of connected novellas featuring the character of Magnus Bane from Cassandra Clare 's The Mortal Instruments series .
On Ayn Rand is a book about the life and thought of 20th - century philosopher Ayn Rand by scholar Allan Gotthelf .
The Crystal Crypt is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick , first published in the January 1954 edition of Planet Stories and later published in Beyond Lies the Wub in 1988 .
From the Dust Returned is a fix - up fantasy novel by Ray Bradbury published in 2001 .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
The Hanging Valley is the fourth novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the multi award - winning Inspector Banks series of novels .
The Pleasure of Finding Things Out is a collection of short works from American physicist Richard Feynman , including interviews , speeches , lectures , and printed articles .
The Dragon Masters is a science fiction novella by American author Jack Vance .
The Tiangong Kaiwu ( 天工開物 ) , or The Exploitation of the Works of Nature was a Chinese encyclopedia compiled by Song Yingxing .
The Siege of Trencher 's Farm ( 1969 ) is a novel by Scottish author Gordon Williams and first published by Secker & Warburg .
The Father Christmas Letters , also known as Letters from Father Christmas , are a collection of letters written and illustrated by J. R. R. Tolkien between 1920 and 1942 for his children , from Father Christmas .
`` The Problem of Our Laws '' ( `` Zur Frage der Gesetze '' ) is a short parable by Franz Kafka was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer ( Berlin , 1931 ) .
Mourning and Melancholia ( German : Trauer und Melancholie ) is a work of Sigmund Freud from the year 1917 .
Magic 's Pawn is a 1989 fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey .
Kaddish for an Unborn Child ( Hungarian : Kaddis a meg nem született gyermekért ) is a novel by Imre Kertész , first published in 1990 ( ISBN 0 - 8101 - 1161 - 6 ) .
The Myth of the Latin Woman ( also known under the title Just Met a Girl Named Maria ) is a non - fiction essay written by Puerto Rican author Judith Ortiz Cofer .
The Wind 's Twelve Quarters is a collection of short stories by Ursula K. Le Guin , named after a line from A.E. Housman 's A Shropshire Lad and first published by Harper & Row in 1975 .
Critique of Dialectical Reason ( French : Critique de la raison dialectique ) is a 1960 book by philosopher Jean - Paul Sartre in which he further develops the existentialist Marxism he first expounded in his essay Search for a Method ( 1957 ) .
Heroes Die by Matthew Stover is the first of a series of novels blending science fiction and fantasy and featuring the protagonist Caine .
Shadow of Night is a 2012 historical - fantasy novel by American scholar Deborah Harkness , the second book in the All Souls trilogy .
A Pleasant Comedy , called A Maidenhead Well Lost is a dark comedy set in Italy ; it was written and published by Thomas Heywood in 1634 and performed at The Cockpit by Queen Henrietta 's Men in that same year .
Il Vologeso is the title of several operas , based on the same story as Apostolo Zeno 's `` Lucio Vero '' , but in a later version ( 1700 ) , which had first been set to music as Vologeso , re de ' Parti by Rinaldo di Capua in 1739 to a libretto by Guido Eustachio Luccarelli .
The Shadow Speaker ( Sun / Hyperion 2007 ) , by Nnedi Okorafor , is a young adult , first - person novel that takes place in the year 2070 .
Raising My Voice is a 2009 book by Malalai Joya with Derrick O'Keefe about the life of Malalai Joya the ' Bravest woman in Afghanistan ' and suspended Member of Afghan Parliament .
The `` Zuo '' of the Zuo zhuan 's title was traditionally believed to refer to one `` Zuo Qiuming''--an obscure figure of the 5th century BC described as a blind disciple of Confucius -- but there is little actual evidence to support this .
Old Town in the Green Groves , by Cynthia Rylant , is a novel based on some notes left by Laura Ingalls Wilder and a general knowledge about her life and the times .
This Misery of Boots is a 1907 political tract by H. G. Wells advocating socialism .
The Two Baronesses ( De to Baronesser ) is an 1848 novel by Hans Christian Andersen , translated into English by Charles Beckwith Lohmeyer .
The Hand in the Glove ( British title Crime on Her Hands ) is a Dol Bonner mystery novel by Rex Stout .
Tuva or Bust ! ( 1991 ) is a book by Ralph Leighton about the author and his friend Richard Feynman 's attempt to travel to Tuva .
Five Are Together Again ( published 1963 ) is a children 's novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton .
Tjerita Sie Po Giok , atawa Peroentoengannja Satoe Anak Piatoe ( better known by the short title Sie Po Giok ) is a 1911 children 's novel from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) written by Tio Ie Soei in vernacular Malay .
Nicaragua Betrayed , published in 1980 , is the memoir of former Nicaraguan president Anastasio Somoza Debayle ( as told to Jack Cox ) , who had been toppled the previous year by the Sandinista insurgency .
The Description of the Human Body ( French : La description du corps humain ) is an unfinished treatise written in 1647 by René Descartes .
The Hungry Tiger of Oz ( 1926 ) is the twentieth in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors , and the sixth written by Ruth Plumly Thompson .
Hiding Edith is a non - fiction work written by Kathy Kacer in 2006 and published by Second Story Press ( ISBN 9781897187067 ) .
The Gift of Rain is the first novel by Tan Twan Eng published in 2007 by Myrmidon Books in the UK and the following year by Weinstein Books in the US .
Demon Thief is a book in Darren Shan 's Demonata series .
Klipgooi is the title of the 1999 Afrikaans novel ( ISBN 0 - 7981 - 3963 - 3 ) , written by the South African author François Bloemhof and is also the name of the fictional town which forms the setting for the story within the novel .
A History of US is a ten - volume ( and one sourcebook ) historical book series for children , written by Joy Hakim and first published in its entirety in 1995 .
Decolonising the Mind : the Politics of Language in African Literature ( Heinemann Educational , 1986 ) , by Kenyan novelist and post - colonial theorist Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o , is a collection of non - fiction essays about language and its constructive role in national culture , history , and identity .
Dans le ciel ( In the Sky ) is a novel written by the French journalist , novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau .
The Story of Miss Moppet is a tale about teasing , featuring a kitten and a mouse , that was written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter .
Counter - Clock World is a 1967 science fiction novel by author Philip K. Dick .
Numerical Recipes is the generic title of a series of books on algorithms and numerical analysis by William H. Press , Saul A. Teukolsky , William T. Vetterling and Brian P. Flannery .
Steel Beach is a 1993 novel by John Varley , a science fiction writer who has won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards multiple times .
Inside Las Vegas is a non - fiction book by Mario Puzo , one of only two non - fiction works by this author .
Human Rites ( French : Les Combustibles ) is a Belgian play by Amélie Nothomb .
MetaHorror is an anthology of stories edited by Dennis Etchison .
The Web and the Rock is an American bildungsroman novel by Thomas Wolfe , published posthumously in 1939 .
Visions of Cody is an experimental novel by Jack Kerouac .
Sun of Suns , Book One of Virga , is a science fiction novel by Karl Schroeder , published by Tor in 2006 .
An uncollected story written by J. D. Salinger , `` The Long Debut of Lois Taggett '' is the tale of a debutante and her long process of coming out .
Jazzy in the Jungle is a children 's picture book by Lucy Cousins , published in 2002 .
The Green Felt Jungle is a 1963 book by Ovid Demaris and Ed Reid .
Year 's Best SF 3 ( ISBN 0 - 06 - 105901 - 3 ) is a science fiction anthology , edited by David G. Hartwell , that was published in 1998 .
Tony Hale , Space Detective is a juvenile science fiction novel , the fifteenth in Hugh Walters ' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series .
Growth of Muslim Population in Medieval India ( 1000 - 1800 ) is a book written by K. S. Lal published in 1973 .
Orc Stain is an ongoing fantasy comic book series created by James Stokoe and published by Image Comics .
Best Friends Getting Sorted is the second part of the Best Friends series by Rosie Rushton .
Travels through France and Italy is travel literature by Tobias Smollett published in 1766 .
Liberalism and the Limits of Justice ( 1982 ; second edition 1998 ) is a book by Michael Sandel .
The Monastery : a Romance ( 1820 ) is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott .
Vatan Aur Desh is the first of the two volumes of the novel Jhutha Sach by the author Yashpal .
The Skyfire Puzzle is no . 85 in the Hardy Boys series and no . 36 in the Mystery Digest series , written by Franklin W. Dixon .
Germany 's Aims in the First World War ( German title : Griff nach der Weltmacht : Die Kriegzielpolitik des kaiserlichen Deutschland 1914 - -1918 ) is a book by German Historian Fritz Fischer .
The Three Perils of Woman is a three volume work of one novel and two linked novellas by Scots author and poet James Hogg .
Aarachaar ( Malayalam : ആരാച്ചാർ , Ārāccāṟ , lit . Executioner , Hangwoman ) is a Malayalam novel written by K. R. Meera .
Welcome to Hoxford is a four - issue comic book mini - series created , written , and drawn by Eisner Award nominee and Spike Scream Award - winner Ben Templesmith and published by IDW Publishing .
A Monetary History of the United States , 1867 - -1960 is a book written in 1963 by Nobel Prize -- winning economist Milton Friedman and Anna J. Schwartz .
Death from a Top Hat ( 1938 ) is a locked - room mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson .
`` Free Men '' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein , which originally appeared in the Heinlein collection , The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein ( Ace F-375 , 1966 ) and was later collected in Expanded Universe .
`` The Children 's Story '' is a 4,300 word short story by James Clavell , which appeared in Reader 's Digest ( June 1964 issue ) and was republished in book form in 1981 .
The Execution of Justice ( German : Justiz ) is a 1985 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt .
The Auberge of the Flowering Hearth by Roy Andries De Groot , was published in 1973 , in which de Groot writes about the time he spent at a French inn by that name ( L'Auberge de l'Atre Fleuri in St - Pierre - de - Chartreuse , Savoy ) and the good meals he ate there .
Les Poneys sauvages ( `` the wild ponies '' ) is a 1970 novel by the French writer Michel Déon .
La Chatte is a short novel by French writer Sidonie - Gabrielle Colette .
Protostars is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by David Gerrold and Stephen Goldin .
The Manuel de civilité pour les petites filles à l'usage des maisons d'éducation ( English : Handbook of behaviour for little girls to be used in educational establishments ) is an erotic literary work by the French writer Pierre Louÿs , written in 1917 and published posthumously and anonymously in 1927 .
Simon Called Peter is a novel by Robert Keable ( 1887 - -1927 ) which was a best - seller in 1921 .
`` The Hound '' is a short story written by H. P. Lovecraft in September 1922 and published in the February 1924 issue of Weird Tales .
Battlelines is a 2009 book by Tony Abbott , the former Prime Minister of Australia , when he was then in Opposition .
Sporting Chance is a science fiction novel , written by Elizabeth Moon .
The Mystery of the Vanished Prince , published 1951 , is the ninth novel in the Five Find - Outers series written by Enid Blyton .
Tango on intohimoni ( or Tango is my Passion ) is a novel about Finnish tango written by M. A. Numminen .
When We Were Very Young is a best - selling book of poetry by A. A. Milne .
The Hardcore Diaries is the third autobiography of New York Times best - selling author and former WWE wrestler Mick Foley .
`` Parasite Planet '' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum originally published in the February 1935 issue of Astounding Stories .
The Ski Bum is a novel by Lithuanian - French author Romain Gary ( 1914 - -1980 ) .
Sputnik Caledonia ( 2008 ) is a novel by Andrew Crumey , for which he won the Northern Rock Foundation Writer 's Award .
The Atom Station ( Icelandic : Atómstöðin ) is a novel by Icelandic author Halldór Laxness , who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1955 .
Dry - Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice ( 1889 ) is British author and angler Frederic M. Halford 's second and most influential book on dry - fly fishing .
Nervous Conditions is a novel by Zimbabwean author Tsitsi Dangarembga , first published in the United Kingdom in 1988 by the Women 's Press .
Zazie in the Metro or Zazie ( depending on the translation of the original French title Zazie dans le Métro ) is a French novel written in 1959 by Raymond Queneau , and his first major success .
The Long Walk is a dystopian novel by Stephen King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman in 1979 as a paperback original .
Forged in the Fire is a 2006 novel for young adults by Ann Turnbull , about Quaker life in the 1660s .
Starship Troopers is a military science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein , published hardcover in December 1959 .
The Rational Optimist is a 2010 popular science book by Matt Ridley , author of The Red Queen .
`` O Sacred Love of the Beloved Country '' ( Polish title : `` Święta miłości kochanej ojczyzny '' ; also , `` Hymn do miłości ojczyzny , '' `` Hymn to Love of Country '' ) is a patriotic poem by the Polish Enlightenment author and poet , Ignacy Krasicki , published in 1774 .
The Bullfighter Checks Her Makeup is a collection of essays by Susan Orlean published in 2001 by Random House .
Tietam Brown is wrestler Mick Foley 's first novel , published in 2003 .
The Poème sur le désastre de Lisbonne ( English title : Poem on the Lisbon Disaster ) is a poem in French composed by Voltaire as a response to the 1755 Lisbon earthquake .
Driftglass is a 1971 collection of science fiction short stories by Samuel R. Delany .
Starclimber is the third book in the Matt Cruse fantasy series , written by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel .
The House at Riverton is the first novel by Australian author Kate Morton , published in the United Kingdom by Pan Macmillan in June 2007 .
No More Dying Then is a novel by the British crime - writer Ruth Rendell .
The Unknown Terrorist is the 2006 fourth novel by the Australian novelist Richard Flanagan .
The Dark Frontier ( 1936 ) is Eric Ambler 's first novel , about whose genesis he writes : `` ( ... )
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel by American writer Madeleine L'Engle , first published in 1963 .
Ranald Bannerman 's Boyhood is a realistic , largely autobiographical , novel by George MacDonald .
Four Ways to Forgiveness is a collection of four short stories or novellas by Ursula K. Le Guin .
The Sweetest Fig is a children 's fantasy novel written in 1993 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg .
The C++ Programming Language was the first book to describe the C++ programming language , written by the language 's creator , Bjarne Stroustrup , and first published in October 1985 .
Eikonoklastes ( from the Greek εἰκονοκλάστης , `` iconoclast '' ) is a book by John Milton , published October 1649 .
Að laufferjum is a 1972 poetry collection by Icelandic poet Ólafur Jóhann Sigurðsson .
Run , River is the debut novel of Joan Didion , first published in 1963 .
The Copper Scroll is a 2006 Christian apocalyptic novel by Joel C. Rosenberg .
Murderous Maths is a series of British educational books by author Kjartan Poskitt .
La Vieillesse is an essay by Simone de Beauvoir which was published on 23 January 1970 .
The Scorpion 's Gate is a geopolitical thriller by former United States intelligence and Counterterrorism official Richard A. Clarke .
Napalm and Silly Putty is a 2001 book by comedian George Carlin .
The Baron in the Trees ( Italian : Il barone rampante ) is a 1957 Italian novel by Italo Calvino .
The Seventh Gate ( 1994 ) is the final novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their seven - book Death Gate Cycle series .
Epistulae ad Brutum ( Letters to Brutus ) is a collection of letters between Roman politician and orator Marcus Tullius Cicero to fellow politician , and conspirator against Julius Caesar , Marcus Junius Brutus .
Evan Harrington is an 1861 novel by George Meredith , a glowing comedy of Victorian presumptions .
Walt 's Time : from before to beyond is a 252-page autobiographic , full color book by Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman .
The Stolen Lake is a children 's novel by Joan Aiken , first published in 1981 .
Dying While Black by Vernellia Randall , J.D. is a book about the disparities between the health care administered to minorities , particularly , African Americans and that administered to European Americans .
BASIC Computer Games is a compilation of type - in computer games in the BASIC programming language collected by David H. Ahl .
Inconstant Moon is a science fiction short story collection by American author Larry Niven that was published in 1973 .
Songs for the Philologists is a collection of poems by E. V. Gordon and J. R. R. Tolkien as well as traditional songs .
Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat ( Finnish : The Holy Rowan Trees of Pirkkala ) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio .
Epidicus is an ancient Roman play written by T. Maccius Plautus .
Culture and Anarchy is a series of periodical essays by Matthew Arnold , first published in Cornhill Magazine 1867 - 68 and collected as a book in 1869 .
The Elements of Typographic Style is the authoritative book on typography and style by Canadian typographer , poet and translator Robert Bringhurst .
The Two Babylons , subtitled The Papal Worship Proved to Be the Worship of Nimrod and His Wife is a religious pamphlet published in 1853 by the Presbyterian Free Church of Scotland theologian Alexander Hislop ( 1807 - -65 ) , expanded in 1858 , and finally published as a book in 1919 .
Star Trek Movie Memories is the second of two volumes of autobiography dictated by William Shatner and transcribed by MTV editorial director Christopher Kreski .
Minding Frankie is a 2010 fiction novel by Maeve Binchy .
Umrao Jaan Ada ( Urdu : امراؤ جان ادا‎ ) is an Urdu novel by Mirza Hadi Ruswa ( 1857 - -1931 ) , first published in 1899 .
Troll - Elgen is a novel from 1921 by Norwegian writer Mikkjel Fønhus .
Freddy and the Dragon ( 1958 ) is the 26th and last book in the humorous children 's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese .
Tales of the Alhambra is a collection of essays , verbal sketches , and stories by Washington Irving .
Irish Thoroughbred is American author Nora Roberts 's debut novel , originally published by Silhouette in January 1981 as a category romance .
Rider at the Gate is a science fiction novel written by United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh , and was first published by Warner Books in August 1995 .
A Dance of Moths is the third novel by Singapore - born writer Goh Poh Seng , first published in 1995 by Select Books .
Heat and Dust ( 1975 ) is a novel by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala which won the Booker Prize in 1975 .
Tafsir Nemooneh ( Persian : The Ideal Commentary ) is an exegesis on the Quran written by Naser Makarem Shirazi and other researchers working under his supervision in 27 volumes .
Strangers from the Sky is a novel , originally released in 1987 , by Margaret Wander Bonanno .
Becoming Jane Austen was researched and written by the Jane Austen scholar Jon Hunter Spence .
The Autograph Man , published in 2002 , is the second novel by Zadie Smith .
Sky Dragons is a science fiction novel by the American - Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967 .
A Dedicated Man is the second novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the Inspector Banks series of novels .
Grumbles from the Grave is a posthumous 1989 autobiography of science fiction author Robert A. Heinlein collated by his wife Virginia Heinlein from his notes and writings .
Youcat began in 2006 under the direction of Viennese Cardinal Christoph Schönborn by German - speaking theologians , religious educators and priests with the participation of over sixty young people , who helped to improve the readability of the text by raising questions and coming up with illustrative pictures .
William Shakespeare 's Sonnet 130 mocks the conventions of the showy and flowery courtly sonnets in its realistic portrayal of his mistress .
The Lions of Al - Rassan is a work of historical fantasy by Guy Gavriel Kay .
`` The Children of the Night '' is a 1931 short story by Robert E. Howard , belonging to the Cthulhu Mythos .
Daddy Was a Number Runner is the first novel by Louise Meriwether .
Every Inch a King is a 2005 fantasy novel by Harry Turtledove , published by ISFiC Press .
The Roman Elegies ( originally published under the title Erotica Romana in Germany , later Römische Elegien ) is a cycle of twenty - four poems by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Waking the Tiger is a self - help book by American therapist Peter A. Levine , which presents therapeutic advice for healing past traumas .
MIND MGMT is an ongoing American comic book series created by Matt Kindt and published through Dark Horse Comics with an expected run of 36 issues .
Call Me Francis Tucket is the second novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen .
Stocks for the Long Run is a book on investing by Jeremy Siegel .
Space Demons is a book by Australian author Gillian Rubinstein .
The Critique of Judgment ( German : Kritik der Urteilskraft , KdU ) , also translated as the Critique of the Power of Judgment , is a 1790 philosophical work by Immanuel Kant .
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living is a self - help book by Dale Carnegie .
Armorial de la Comédie Humaine is an armorial describing the coats of arms of the fictional characters in the literary works collectivelly called La Comédie humaine , written by Honoré de Balzac .
The First Person and Other Stories is a short story collection by Scottish Booker - shortlisted author Ali Smith , first published in 2008 .
A Report from Group 17 , published in 1972 , is a science - fiction thriller written by Robert Leslie Conly under his pen name Robert C. O'Brien .
The Ghost Brigades is the second book by John Scalzi set in the Old Man 's War universe .
Vandal Love is a novel by American - Canadian author D. Y. Béchard .
The Major Transitions in Evolution is a book written by John Maynard Smith and Eörs Szathmáry ( Oxford University Press , 1995 ) .
Natural Obsessions is a book written by American science author Natalie Angier published in 1988 .
Knowledge of Angels is a medieval philosophical novel by Jill Paton Walsh which was shortlisted for the 1994 Booker Prize .
Notes from the Internet Apocalypse is the first in a trilogy of books written by Cracked.com writer Wayne Gladstone entitled the The Internet Apocalypse Trilogy .
The Old Man and the Sea is a short novel written by the American author Ernest Hemingway in 1951 in Bimini , Bahamas , and published in 1952 .
The Good Guy is a thriller novel by American author Dean Koontz , which was released on May 29 , 2007 .
`` The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls '' is an unpublished work by J. D. Salinger .
Still Woman Enough is a 2002 autobiography of American country music legend Loretta Lynn , written by Lynn with the help of Patsi Bale Cox .
Traitor to the Living ( 1973 ) is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer .
The Sleeping Car is a farce play in three parts by William Dean Howells , first published in the United States in 1883 .
`` Old California '' is a 28-page funny animal comic book story written , drawn , and lettered by Carl Barks .
A History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom was published in two volumes by Andrew Dickson White , the founder of Cornell University , in 1896 .
The Faces of Janus is a book by A. James Gregor which asserts that there are fundamental errors in Marxist analyses of fascism .
The Hawk Eternal is the 1995 fantasy novel sequel to Ironhand 's Daughter written by David Gemmell and features the second appearance of his Heroine - Sigarni - The Hawk Queen .
The Indigo King , released on October 21 , 2008 , is the third book of The Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica , a series of books begun by Here , There Be Dragons , by James A. Owen .
An Area of Darkness is a book written by V. S. Naipaul in 1964 .
The Tiger That Is n't is a statistics book written by Michael Blastland and Andrew Dilnot , the creator and presenter of BBC Radio 4 's More or Less .
Remnant Population is a 1996 science fiction novel by American writer Elizabeth Moon .
Ulrich Folkers ( 6 March 1915 in Kiel -- killed in action 6 May 1943 in the North Atlantic ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
26 April 1949 - Commander of the Order of the British Empire to Acting Group Captain John Mortimer Warfield OBE RAF for distinguished service in Malaya .
Jan Smejkal ( born March 22 , 1946 ) is a Czech chess player and , since 1972 , an International Grandmaster .
Mehmet Aipov ( Tatar : Мәхмүт Аипов ; 12 July 1920 - 22 April 1945 ) was a Tatar Red Army Soldier who fought during World War II . Aipov was posthumously awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union for actions during the Battle of Berlin .
Guy - Victor Duperré ( 20 February 1775 , La Rochelle -- 2 November 1846 , Paris ) was a French admiral , Admiral of France ( 1830 ) , Peer of France and thrice Naval Minister .
Appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in January 1979 , Lester Brain died in June the following year , at the age of seventy - seven .
Martin Doyle VC , MM ( 25 October 1891 -- 20 November 1940 ) was a British soldier during the First World War , and a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Hans - Peter Knaust ( 7 August 1906 -- 22 October 1983 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Lieutenant - Commander Gerard Broadmead Roope VC RN ( 13 March 1905 -- 8 April 1940 ) was a posthumous British recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Julius Wagner - Jauregg ( 7 March 1857 -- 27 September 1940 ) was an Austrian physician , who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1927 .
Karl Böttcher ( 25 October 1889 -- 21 October 1973 ) was a German general who commanded several divisions during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
In 2004 , Unforgiven was added to the United States National Film Registry of the Library of Congress as being deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Jean Stanislas Rémy , commonly known as Jean Rémy , ( Paris , October 3 , 1899 - Toulouse , August 15 , 1955 ) was a French colonel , a member of the Free French , and a Companion of the Liberation .
Karyl Geld Miller is an American Emmy Award - winning screenwriter and political cartoonist and commentator .
József Pintér ( born 9 November 1953 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian chess Grandmaster and chess writer .
Private First Class Jose F. Valdez ( January 3 , 1925 - February 17 , 1945 ) was a United States Army soldier who posthumously received the Medal of Honor -- the United States ' highest military decoration -- for his actions near Rosenkranz , France , in the Battle of the Colmar Pocket during World War II .
Maurice Wagg was a veteran of the American Civil War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor .
In East Germany , Ingeborg Rapoport was much honored and received the Patriotic Order of Merit , the National Prize of East Germany and other awards of the communist regime .
Marc Lambron ( born February 4 , 1957 in Lyon ) is a French writer and winner of the Prix Femina , 1993 , for L'Oeil du silence .
In 2001 , Win Tin was awarded the UNESCO / Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for his efforts to defend and promote the right to freedom of expression .
Kumudini Lakhia was awarded the civilian honour of the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1987 and the Padma Bhushan in 2010 , and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award by Sangeet Natak Akademi , India 's National Academy Music , Dance and Drama in 1982 , and Kalidas Samman for the year 2002 - 03 .
James Loughran was made a Freeman of the City of London in 1991 , and in the 2010 New Year Honours he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) .
Hans Peterburs ( 9 October 1912 -- 11 January 1944 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . Peterburs claimed 18 aerial victories during the war .
Max Olivier - Lacamp ( March 2 , 1914 Le Havre -- June 17 , 1983 Meudon ) is a French journalist and writer , winner of the Prix Renaudot in 1969 , and Albert Londres Prize in 1958 .
Georg Christiansen ( 21 October 1914 -- 14 June 1997 ) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He is also a recipient of the coveted Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
In the course of the First World War , Marcel Alessandri received twelve Croix de guerre 1914 - -1918 citations and was named a Chevallier of the Légion d'honneur .
Hans Guhr ( 24 October 1916 - 10 February 1969 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Welborn Griffith was also awarded the Silver Star , the Purple Heart , the Legion of Merit , the French Croix de Guerre and the Légion d'Honneur
On 8 March 2012 , Samar Badawi was awarded the 2012 International Women of Courage Award by the United States Department of State for her filing of the adhl and voting rights lawsuits , which were seen by the Department of State as pioneering , and for her encouragement of and inspiration to other women .
Ivan Dubasov was awarded the Order of Lenin ( 1945 ) , the Order of the Red Banner of Labour ( 1951 ) , the Order of the Badge of Honour and a number of other medals and decorations .
In 1990 , Meshes of the Afternoon was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' , going into the registry in the second year of voting .
Siegfried Macholz ( 20 September 1890 -- 25 May 1975 ) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Aleksander Sznapik ( born 10 February 1951 , Warsaw ) is a Polish chess International Master .
Wolfgang Haken was a recipient of the 1979 Fulkerson Prize of the American Mathematical Society for his solution with Appel of the four - color problem .
Cyril Gordon Martin VC CBE DSO ( 19 December 1891 -- 14 August 1980 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Svetlana Adyrkhaeva ( born May 12 , 1938 ) ( Russian : Светлана Дзантемировна Адырхаева ) is an Ossetian and Soviet ballerina who was awarded People 's Artist of the USSR in 1984 .
Jovanka Houska ( born June 10th 1980 ) is an English chess player with the titles International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
L'Ecrivain ( French pronunciation : ​(le.kʁi.vɛ̃ ) , meaning `` The Writer '' ) is a restaurant on Lower Baggot Street in Dublin , Ireland , which was awarded one Michelin star from 2003 to the present .
Frans Kaisiepo ( 10 October 1921 -- 10 April 1979 ) was a National Hero of Indonesia ( Gelar Pahlawan Nasional Indonesia ) .
Kamil Mitoń ( born 12 April 1984 , in Kraków ) is a Polish chess Grandmaster ( 2002 ) .
George Band was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2009 New Year Honours .
Otto Schuhart ( 1 April 1909 -- 10 March 1990 ) commanded the U - boat U-29 in Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . He received the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) , a decoration awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or outstanding military leadership .
Michael Wiedenkeller ( born 10 January 1963 ) is a Swedish - Luxembourgian chess International Master .
In 1999 , Gamble and Huff were honored with the Grammy Trustees Award , joining musical luminaries like Frank Sinatra , The Beatles , and Walt Disney .
Hermann Bögel ( 9 September 1914 -- 4 January 1998 ) was an Oberleutnant zur See of the Reserves in the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
A Biography , John McAleer 's Edgar Award - winning 1977 biography of the author ( reissued in 2002 as Rex Stout : A Majesty 's Life ) .
Renato Naranja ( born September 24 , 1940 ) is an International Master of chess from the Philippines .
Frans Wildenhain received numerous prizes for his artwork , from ( among others ) the International Exposition in Paris ( 1939 ) , the Albright Art Gallery ( 1952 ) , the Brussels World 's Fair ( 1958 ) , and a Guggenheim Fellowship ( 1958 ) .
In 1974 , Run Run Shaw was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) .
Georg Rietscher ( 3 December 1918 -- 21 September 1991 ) was a highly decorated Leutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Johannes - Rudolf Mühlenkamp ( 9 October 1910 -- 23 September 1986 ) was a Standartenführer ( colonel ) in the Waffen - SS during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on 21 September 1944 .
Iva Videnova ( Bulgarian : Ива Виденова ; born 17 October 1987 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian chess player holding the FIDE titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
In 2003 upon the decree determined by the president of the Republic of Armenia Robert Kocharyan the president of Armenian National Olympic Committee Gagik Tsarukyan , who had his great input in the development of RA sports , was honored with Movses Khorenatsi medal .
John Lynn VC DCM ( AKA Jackie Lynn ) ( 1887 -- 3 May 1915 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Victor Oreshnikov was twice awarded the Stalin Prize ( 1948 , 1950 ) , Order of Lenin , Order of the Red Banner of Labour , Order of the Badge of Honour , and numerous medals .
General Sir Frederick Francis Maude VC GCB ( 20 December 1821 -- 20 June 1897 ) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Nikolai Ivanovich Smirnov ( Russian Никола́й Ива́нович Смирно́в ) ( 22 September 1917 -- 8 July 1992 ) was a Soviet Navy Admiral and a Hero of the Soviet Union ( 1984 ) .
Ek Aadmi is 1988 Hindi language movie directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas and starring Shabana Azmi , Parikshat Sahni , Tun Tun .
Conan the Destroyer is a 1984 American sword and sorcery / adventure film directed by Richard Fleischer , starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Mako Iwamatsu reprising their roles as Conan and Akiro the wizard , respectively .
Alfonso Herrera as Frank Moore Ruddy Rodríguez as Venezzia Rafael Romero as Commander Enrique Salvatierra William Goite as Eduardo Valentina Rendón as Graciela Guillermo Garcia as Mayor Manny Diaz Maleja Restrepo as Isabel Nuñez de Diaz Santiago Cepeda as Carlomagno Rita Bendeck as Tomasa Alejandra Azcarate as Estefania Felix Antequera as Nicolas
Totally Blonde is a 2001 comedy film written and directed by Andrew Van Slee , and starring Krista Allen , Maeve Quinlan and Michael Bublé .
In the Footprints of Mozart is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Ed Coxen , George Field , Winifred Greenwood , and Ida Lewis .
Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain ( English : Miles To Go ) is a 1974 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Mahesh Bhatt , and starring Kabir Bedi , Prema Narayan and Gulshan Arora in lead roles .
Seth et Holth is a Japanese film released on September 29 , 1993 , best noted for starring musicians hide and Tusk .
Art Trouble ( 1934 ) is a comedy short starring Harry Gribbon and Shemp Howard .
Bobby Dazzler is an Australian television sitcom produced by Crawford Productions , starring pop singer John Farnham as the title character : up and coming pop music star Bobby Farrell .
The Cameraman is a 1928 American silent comedy directed by Edward Sedgwick and an uncredited Buster Keaton .
He is a son of Inge Einarsen Bartnes and father of Inge Bartnes and Lars Erik Bartnes .
Tadeusz Brzeziński ( February 21 , 1896 -- January 7 , 1990 ) was a Polish consular official and the father of President Jimmy Carter 's national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski .
In his efforts to translate as much Greek material as possible , Hunayn ibn Ishaq was accompanied by his son Ishaq ibn Hunayn and his nephew Hubaysh .
Patrick John Murdoch ( 10 June 1850 -- 1 June 1940 ) was a Scottish - Australian Presbyterian minister , known for being the father of Keith Murdoch and the grandfather of Rupert Murdoch .
Rebecca Barnes Wentworth ( maiden name Blake formerly Burke ) is the mother of Cliff Barnes , Pamela Barnes Ewing and Katherine Wentworth .
Hongxi ( 弘晳 ; 25 August 1694 - 26 October 1742 ) , born to Lady Lingiya , inherited Yunreng 's title `` Prince Li of the First Rank '' ( 理親王 ) .
In 2009 Renaud 's daughter , writer Lolita Séchan , married French acoustic singer - songwriter Renan Luce .
In the Prose Edda , Sif is named as the mother of the goddess Þrúðr by Thor and of Ullr with a father whose name is not recorded .
Janakinath Bose ( May 28 , 1860 - -1934 ) was a Bengali - speaking Indian lawyer and advocate , who was the father of Indian independence leader Subhas Chandra Bose .
Stephen Devereux was descended from William Devereux , a Domesday Landholder in Gloucester and Hereford under Tenant - in - chief Roger de Lacy .
Zahran Alloush ( Arabic : زهران علوش‎ Zahrān ` Alūš ; 1971 -- 25 December 2015 ) was a Syrian Islamist leader active during the Syrian Civil War .
Hans Herzog ( 28 October 1819 -- 2 February 1894 ) was a Swiss army officer , and was elected Switzerland 's General during the Franco - Prussian War .
Florent de Varennes ( died in Tunis in August 1270 ) is the first French dignitary to wear the title of Admiral of France in 1269 , and as such , became the head of the fleet during the Eighth Crusade and the last led by King Saint Louis IX .
Edward Whalley ( c. 1607 -- c. 1675 ) was an English military leader during the English Civil War , and was one of the regicides who signed the death warrant of King Charles I of England .
Fitz Henry Warren ( January 11 , 1816 -- June 1878 ) was a politician and a general during the American Civil War .
USS Sea Bird ( 1863 ) was a captured Confederate schooner acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War .
Milton F. Pavlic ( 1909 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II for whom a U.S. Navy high - speed transport was named .
Friedrich Adrario ( 29 November 1918 -- 15 June 2011 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and Generalmajor in the Bundesheer .
Leutnant Johannes Klein ( d. 1926 ) was a German World War I flying ace credited with 16 confirmed and two unconfirmed aerial victories .
Reuben Lindsay Walker ( May 29 , 1827 -- June 7 , 1890 ) was a Confederate general who served in the artillery during the American Civil War .
40 Aquarii ( abbreviated 40 Aqr ) is a yellow subgiant in the constellation of Aquarius .
Messier 92 ( also known as M92 or NGC 6341 ) is a globular cluster of stars in the northern constellation of Hercules .
Iota Crucis ( ι Cru / ι Crucis ) is a star in the constellation Crux .
W Ursae Majoris ( W UMa ) is the variable star designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Ursa Major .
HD 28254 b ( also known as HIP 20606 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type main sequence star HD 28254 , located approximately 178 light years away in the constellation Dorado .
Kepler-138 , also known as KOI-314 , is a red dwarf located in the constellation Lyra , 200 light years from Earth .
31 Arietis ( abbreviated 31 Ari ) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
SN 2005bc was a Type Ia supernova occurring in the Barred spiral galaxy NGC 5698 in the constellation of Boötes .
HD 90156 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type main sequence star HD 90156 , located approximately 73 light years away in the constellation Hydra .
HD 24040 is a G - type star located approximately 152 light - years away in the constellation of Taurus .
Meiklejohn Glacier ( 70 ° 33′S 67 ° 44′W ) is a glacier , 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long and 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) wide , flowing southwest from the Dyer Plateau of Palmer Land , Antarctica , to George VI Sound , immediately south of Moore Point .
Chaplin Peak ( 78 ° 42′03``S 85 ° 27′31''W ) is the peak rising to 1978 m on the west side of Bender Glacier , 5 mi southwest of Mount Craddock and 1.3 miles north of Gilbert Spur in the Sentinel Range of Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Kujira Point ( 69 ° 36′S 38 ° 16′E ) is a small point forming the northern extremity of Padda Island in Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Melleby Peak ( 73 ° 16′S 1 ° 15′W ) is a peak marking the eastern end of the Neumayer Cliffs in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Lookout Nunatak is a nunatak lying 6.5 nautical miles ( 12 km ) southeast of Monte Cassino in the Freyberg Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Moubray Piedmont Glacier ( 71 ° 55′S 170 ° 20′E ) is a piedmont glacier filling the northern part of Moubray Bay , Antarctica , formed by the confluence of Moubray Glacier and of ice streams falling from the west side of the south end of Adare Peninsula .
The Hutton Mountains are a group of mountains in southeastern Palmer Land , Antarctica , bounded on the southwest by Johnston Glacier , on the northwest by Squires Glacier , on the north by Swann Glacier , and on the east by Keller Inlet .
Hamnenabben Head ( 69 ° 17′S 39 ° 41′E ) is a bare rock headland which forms the south shore of Hamna Bay along the east side of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Keller Inlet ( 74 ° 15′S 61 ° 5′W ) is an ice - filled inlet 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long , in a northeast -- southwest direction , and 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) wide , between Cape Little and Cape Fiske , along the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
The Erebus hotspot is a volcanic hotspot responsible for the high volcanic activity on Ross Island in the western Ross Sea of Antarctica .
Kuryłówka ( kurɨˈwufka ) ( Ukrainian : Курилівка , Kurylivka ) is a village in Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Squeah is a locality in the lower Fraser Canyon of British Columbia , Canada , located between the unincorporated town of Yale ( N ) and the district municipality of Hope on the Fraser River .
Pinozero ( Russian : Пинозеро ) is a rural locality ( a railway station ) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 105 meters ( 344 ft ) above sea level .
Fengxiang County ( simplified Chinese : 凤翔县 ; traditional Chinese : 鳳翔縣 ; pinyin : Fèngxiáng Xiàn ) is a county administered by Baoji City in the west of Shaanxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Fugang Station ( Chinese : 富岡車站 ; pinyin : Fùgāng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Yangmei District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Van Province ( Turkish : Van ili ) is a province in eastern Turkey , between Lake Van and the Iranian border .
Luena Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto de Luena ) ( IATA : LUO , ICAO : FNUE ) is an airport serving Luena , a town in and the capital of the Moxico Province in Angola .
Hamedanak ( Persian : همدانك‎ , also Romanized as Hamedānak and Hamadānak ; also known as Hamdāng ) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District , in the Central District of Baharestan County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Kamaranka is a small town and seat of the chiefdom of Gbanti Kamaranka in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone .
The Geodetic Hills ( 79 ° 48′37``N 89 ° 59′01''W ) are a mountain range on central Axel Heiberg Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Flat Top Island Light is an inactive lighthouse located on Flat Top Island , a small island off the entrance to Mackay harbor at the mouth of Pioneer River , about 6.5 kilometres ( 4.0 mi ) east of Mackay , Queensland , Australia .
Saracena ( Greek : Sarakine ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Šehovina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шеховина ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Duvineau is a coastal village in the Dame - Marie municipality of the Anse d'Hainault Arrondissement , in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti .
Malinska ( German : Durischal ) is a settlement ( naselje ) in the northwestern part of the island Krk in Croatia and an important tourist town .
Esvres also called Esvres - sur - Indre is a commune in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
Nueva Paz ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈnweβa pas ) ) is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba .
The Gare de Domont ( Domont station ) is a railway station located in Domont in the Val d'Oise department , France .
Mingosy ( miŋˈɡɔsɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
A fort was built at Macreddin while Henry Cary , 1st Viscount Falkland was Lord Deputy of Ireland in 1625 - 28 , and named `` Cary 's fort '' in his honour .
Legal Aid Ontario ( LAO ) is a publicly funded and publicly accountable non - profit corporation , responsible for administering the legal aid program in the province of Ontario , Canada .
Whonnock , British Columbia is a rural , naturally treed , and hilly community on the north side of the Fraser River in the eastern part of the City of Maple Ridge , British Columbia , Canada .
Leka Church ( Norwegian : Leka kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Leka in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Rabinowo ( rabiˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sobroso Castle ( Spanish : Castillo de Sobroso , Galician : Castelo de Sobroso ) is a medieval castle in the village of Vilasobroso in Galicia , Spain .
Ignao is a village ( Spanish : aldea ) located in the commune of Lago Ranco in Los Ríos Region , southern Chile .
Dranda Cathedral ( Abkhaz : Нанҳәа иазку Дранда-ныха , Georgian : დრანდის ტაძარი ) is a Georgian Orthodox Cathedral located in Dranda , in the Gulripshi district of the de facto independent Republic of Abkhazia , internationally recognised to constitute a part of Georgia .
The Aras Dam ( Azerbaijani : Araz su anbarı ) ( Persian : سَدِّ اَرَس‎ ) is an embankment dam on the Aras River along the border of Iran and Azerbaijan .
Expo 2000 was a World 's Fair held in Hanover , Germany from Thursday , June 1 to Tuesday , October 31 , 2000 .
Újezd u Sezemic ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈuːjɛst u ˈsɛzɛmɪts ) ) is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
MKS Kluczbork is a football club based in Kluczbork , Opole Voivodeship , Poland .
Dul Tak ( Persian : دول تاك‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Tāḵ ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ibestad Church ( Norwegian : Ibestad kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county , Norway .
The Arfon Group is a stratigraphically defined geological group of rocks that are present in the Cymru Terrane around Bangor in North Wales , United Kingdom .
Graham Island is the largest island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago ( formerly Queen Charlotte Islands ) , lying off the coast of British Columbia , Canada .
L'Estartit is a small town and seaside resort on the Costa Brava , on the north - eastern coast of Spain .
Mala Lahinja ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈlaːxinja ) ; German : Lachina ) is a settlement at the source of the Lahinja River south of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The Legarda Ancestral House , or Legarda Mansion is the home of Dr. Alejandro Legarda and Doña Ramona Hernandez , a historic house located in San Miguel , Manila , Philippines .
Təkyemişan ( also , Təkyemşan ) is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Landwirtschafts- und Haushaltungsschule Schwand - Münsingen ( English : Schwand - Münsingen Agricultural and Housekeeping School ) was an agricultural school on the Schwand hill in Münsingen , Switzerland .
Centre for Underground Physics in Pyhäsalmi or CUPP is an underground physics laboratory located in Pyhäjärvi , Finland .
Texel International Airport ( ICAO : EHTX ) is a small airport located 3.5 NM ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) north northeast of Den Burg on the island of Texel in the north of the Netherlands .
Maayon ( sometimes spelled Ma - ayon ) is a third class municipality in the province of Capiz , Philippines .
A Premium Bond is a lottery bond issued by the United Kingdom government 's National Savings and Investments agency .
Kurija ( Macedonian : Курија ) is a village in the Negotino municipality , Republic of Macedonia .
The 2015 Copa Constitució was the 23rd season of Andorra 's national football knockout tournament .
The Wars of Castro were a series of conflicts during the mid-17th century revolving around the ancient city of Castro ( located in present - day Lazio , Italy ) , which eventually resulted in the city 's destruction on 2 September 1649 .
Abano Pass ( Georgian : აბანოს უღელტეხილი ) is a mountain pass located in Georgia .
Vangsnes Church ( Norwegian : Vangsnes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Medikiret River , also known as simply Medikiret or the Mediket , is a wadi , or narrow ravine that becomes a watercourse during the wet season , in South Sudan .
The Peenestrom is a gat , strait or river in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Tawau ( Malaysian pronunciation : ( ˈta wau ) , Jawi : تاواو‎ , Chinese : 斗湖 ; pinyin : Dǒu Hú ) formerly known as Tawao , is the third - largest town in Sabah , after Kota Kinabalu City and Sandakan , and lies on the south - eastern coast of Borneo in Malaysia .
Nootjärv is a lake in the northeast of Estonia , close to its border with Denmark and the coast of the Gulf of Finland .
After the Napoleonic Wars ended in 1815 , Pforta belonged to Prussia , and then to Imperial Germany .
Dametir - e Jonubi ( Persian : دم تير جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Dametīr - e Jonūbī ) is a village in Mehregan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Takhteh Duz ( Persian : تخته دوز‎ , also Romanized as Takhteh Dūz ; also known as Takhteh Dozī and Takhteh Dūzī ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Merca ( Somali : Marka , Arabic : مركة‎ ) is an ancient port city in the southern Lower Shebelle province of Somalia .
Kottekkad Temple is a Hindu temple situated about 8 km from Thrissur , Kerala , India .
Pain Golema ( Persian : پائين گلما‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Golmā ; also known as Golmā Pā’īn and Golmā - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lai da Curnera is a reservoir on the river Rein da Curnera in the municipality of Tujetsch , in the Grisons , Switzerland .
Älvdalen ( literally means River Valley ) is a locality and the seat of Älvdalen Municipality in Dalarna County , Sweden , with 1,810 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Haiama River is a west bank tributary of the Demerara River in northern Guyana .
Bishan Depot ( Chinese : 碧山车厂 ) is a depot located on the Mass Rapid Transit in Bishan , Singapore .
The County of Loon ( Dutch : Graafschap Loon , French : Comté de Looz ) was a province of the ancien regime Holy Roman Empire , lying west of the Meuse river in present - day Flemish - speaking Belgium , and east of the old Duchy of Brabant .
Västermalmsgallerian is a shopping centre in Kungsholmen , Stockholm , Sweden , inaugurated on 23 August 2002 .
Belweder once belonged to Poland 's last king , Stanisław August Poniatowski , who used it as a porcelain - manufacturing plant .
Lake Moeris ( Ancient Greek : Μοῖρις , genitive Μοίριδος ) is an ancient lake in the northwest of the Faiyum Oasis , 80 km ( 50 mi ) southwest of Cairo , Egypt .
Gat Rais Golestan ( Persian : گت رئيس گلستان‎ , also Romanized as Gat Ra’īs Golestān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aliabad - e Shurshuri ( Persian : علي ابادشورشوري‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Shūrshūrī ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Theoprosopon is the Greek name of Lithoprosopon , a cape in north Lebanon , also known today by the name of Râs ach - Chaq’a '' .
University of Bengkulu ( Indonesian : Universitas Bengkulu ) is a public university in Bengkulu , Bengkulu , Indonesia .
Valukkai Aru is a seasonal river in Northern Province , Sri Lanka .
Kazangasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
Mould Bay Airport ( IATA : YMD , ICAO : CYMD ) was located on the Prince Patrick Island , Northwest Territories , Canada .
In 1971 United Kingdom Antarctic Place - Names Committee ( UK - APC ) recommended that they be assigned unambiguous names making each individually identifiable , and this has been done by naming the southern one Pollux Rock and the northern one Castor Rock .
Gremzdel ( ˈɡrɛmzdɛl ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Baraque de Fraiture is the highest point in the Province of Luxembourg , Belgium .
Wat Saket Ratcha Wora Maha Wihan ( Thai : วัดสระเกศราชวรมหาวิหาร , usually shortened to Wat Saket ( rtgs : Wat Sa Ket ) ) is a Buddhist temple ( wat ) in Pom Prap Sattru Phai district , Bangkok , Thailand .
Assumption College Thonburi ( Thai : โรงเรียนอัสสัมชัญธนบุรี ) is a private Catholic school located in Bangkok , Thailand .
Cerro Bravo is a stratovolcano located in Tolima Department , Colombia , north of the Nevado del Ruiz volcano .
The Royal Artillery Factory of La Cavada ( Spanish : Real Fábrica de Artillería de La Cavada ) was an artillery foundry at La Cavada ( modern day Riotuerto ) in Northern Spain .
The City of Mandaluyong Science High School ( Filipino : Mataas na Paaralang Pang - Agham ng Lungsod ng Mandaluyong ) is a Public Secondary Science High School system located at E. Pantaleon St. , Hulo , Mandaluyong City , Philippines .
Cape Bojeador ( Filipino : Cabo Bojeador ) is the northwestern tip of the island of Luzon in the Philippines .
Mirpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Mirpur District , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Kalamb ( Marathi : कळंब ) - ( about 78.55 E , 20.28 N ) is a village in Yavatmal district of Maharashtra state in India .
Sekotong or Sekotong Peninsula ( Indonesian : Semenanjung Sekotong ) is a peninsula in the southwest of Lombok Island , Indonesia .
Baisipalli Wildlife Sanctuary was created on 6 May 1981 and is located in Nayagrh , Odisha , India , adjacent to the Satkosia Gorge Wildlife Sanctuary .
Ashtjeran ( Persian : اشتجران‎ , also Romanized as Ashtjerān ; also known as Dashtjerān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Przygłów ( ˈpʂɨɡwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Byczki ( ˈbɨt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Trolleybuses in Valparaíso , Chile , have provided a portion of the public transit service since 1952 .
Hoseynabad - e Saravi ( Persian : حسين ابادسارويي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sārav’ī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shelkovskaya(Russian : Шелковская ; Chechen : Мохне , lit . place where is wind ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Shelkovskoy District of the Chechen Republic , Russia .
Kråkö is a small island in Porvoo ( Borgå in Swedish ) in Finland .
Papatowai is a small settlement in the Catlins ward of the Clutha District of the southeastern South Island of New Zealand .
The Buck Shot Show was a long - running local children 's television series that aired on CFCN Television in Calgary , Alberta , Canada from 1967 to 1997 .
Namugongo is the name of a township in the Central Region of Uganda .
Rouez , also called Rouez - en - Champagne , is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays - de - la - Loire in north - western France .
Punggol Park ( Chinese : 榜鹅公园 ) is a park located in Hougang , in the north - eastern part of Singapore .
Bustard Head Light is an active lighthouse located on the southeast tip of Bustard Head , a headland , about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northwest of 1770 , Queensland , Australia , within the Eurimbula National Park .
Gorely ( Russian : Горелый ) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Bella Unión is a city in the north part of Artigas Department of Uruguay .
Mazraeh - ye Farjineh ( Persian : مزرعه فرجينه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Farjīneh ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , Hasanabad District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Cerro Araral is a mountain located in the Andes on the border between Chile and Bolivia in the Potosí Department and in the Antofagasta Region .
Jablaniški Potok ( pronounced ( ˈjaːblaniʃki ˈpɔːtɔk ) ) is a small settlement at the source and upper course of Jablanica Creek ( Slovene : Jablaniški potok ) in the hills east of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Deutsche Film - Aktiengesellschaft , better known as DEFA , was the state - owned film studio in the German Democratic Republic ( in East Germany ) throughout that country 's history .
Vinbergs kyrkby is a locality situated in Falkenberg Municipality , Halland County , Sweden , with 208 inhabitants in 2010 .
Saminu ( Persian : سمينو‎ , also Romanized as Samīnū ; also known as Samenū ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Otdelny ( also known as Otdelniy ) ( Russian : Отде́льный ) is a shield volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia , east of the Savan River .
Grevena ( Greek : Γρεβενά , Grevená , ( ɣreveˈna ) , Aromanian : Grebini ) is a town and municipality in Western Macedonia , Northern Greece , capital of the Grevena regional unit .
Otuzikilər ( also , Otuzikilyar ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Udai Pratap Autonomous College is an autonomous college of UGC situated in the northwestern part of Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Quinchao Island is an island in Chiloé Province , Chile , off the east coast of Chiloé Island .
National & State Libraries Australasia ( NSLA ) is a consortium that represents the national , state and territory libraries of Australia and New Zealand .
Golviran ( Persian : گل ويران‎ , also Romanized as Golvīrān ; also known as Golūrān ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nantyr Shores Secondary School is a public secondary school ( grades 9 - 12 ) located in the community of Alcona in the Town of Innisfil , Ontario , Canada .
Kapsi ( Hindi : कापसी ) is a village under the Pakhanjore tehsil ( Koylibeda Development Block ) in the Kanker district , Chhattisgarh state , India .
St. Andrew Strait is a volcano in Papua New Guinea that has had eruptions in historical times .
Pangkalan Stungkor ( also known as Pang Stungkor ) is a settlement in the Lundu division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Alfano is a village and small comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - western Italy .
Kapuśniki ( kapuɕˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Symmons Plains Raceway is a motor racing circuit in Australia , located about 30 kilometres ( 18.64 mi ) south of Launceston , Tasmania .
Elugelab ( or Elugelap ; Marshallese : Āllokļap , ( æ̯ælʲlʲe͡oɡʷ(ɔ͡ʌ)ɫɑ͡æpʲ ) ) was an island , part of the Enewetak atoll in the Marshall Islands .
Roundhill Ski Area is a family owned and run ski area in Canterbury , New Zealand , near the town of Lake Tekapo , 1.5 hours from Timaru and 3 hours from both Christchurch & Queenstown .
Dhaka Cantonment ( Bengali : ঢাকা সেনানিবাস ) is a cantonment located in the northern part of Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The Novoazovsk Raion ( Ukrainian : Новоазовський район , Novoazovs’kyi raion ; Russian : Новоазовский район , Novoazovskiy raion ) is one of the 18 administrative raions ( a district ) of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
Nedoharky ( Ukrainian : Недогарки ) is a village in the Poltava Oblast ( province ) of central Ukraine .
Altenburg ( listen ) is a city in Thuringia , Germany , located 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) south of Leipzig , 90 kilometres ( 56 miles ) west of Dresden and 100 kilometres ( 62 miles ) east of Erfurt .
Calzada del Coto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kalˈθaða ðel ˈkoto ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Prosfygika Stadium ( Greek : Γήπεδο Προσφυγικών , Gipedo Prosfygikon ) is a football ( soccer ) stadium in Patras , Greece .
Pic d'Ivohibe Reserve is a wildlife reserve of Madagascar .
The Tocumwal Guardian and Riverina Stock Journal was a newspaper published in Tocumwal , New South Wales , Australia .
El Fasher Airport ( IATA : ELF , ICAO : HSFS ) , also known as Al Fashir Airport , is an airport serving El Fasher ( Al Fashir ) , the capital city of the North Darfur state in Sudan .
The Lindau Lighthouse ( German : Neuer Lindauer Leuchtturm ) is the southernmost lighthouse in Germany , located in Lindau on Lake Constance .
Detroit Terminal Railroad Company was incorporated in the State of Michigan , United States of America , on December 7 , 1905 to own railroad track forming a semi - circle around the City of Detroit .
Lake Balinsasayao is one of three crater lakes rising 1,000 feet ( 300 m ) above sea level located within the Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park , an 8,016.05 hectares ( 19,808.1 acres ) protected area covering the municipalities of Valencia , Sibulan , and San Jose in the province of Negros Oriental , Philippines .
The Asse II mine ( Schacht Asse II ) is a former salt mine used as a deep geological repository for radioactive waste in the Asse Mountains of Wolfenbüttel , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Zeppelin University ( German : Zeppelin Universität , ZU ) is a small , familiar and highly selective private research university located at Lake Constance in Friedrichshafen , Germany .
Pajim ( Persian : پجيم‎ , also Romanized as Pajīm ; also known as Pacham ) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Islamia University of Bahawalpur ( IUB ) , colloquially known as Islamia University , is located in Bahawalpur , Punjab , Pakistan .
Jaghdar - e Bala ( Persian : جغدربالا‎ , also Romanized as Jaghdar - e Bālā ; also known as Chīl and Jaghdar - e Kūchek ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pisa International Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto Internazionale di Pisa ) ( IATA : PSA , ICAO : LIRP ) , also named Galileo Galilei Airport is an airport located in Pisa , Italy .
The Château de Bruniquel is a castle in the French commune of Bruniquel , in the Tarn - et - Garonne département of the Midi - Pyrénées region of France .
Deorkothar ( Devanāgarī : देउर कोठार , also Deur Kothar ) is a location of archaeological importance in Madhya Pradesh , Central India .
Jolgeh Sedeh ( Persian : جلگه سده‎ ; also known as Jolgeh ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Freguesia ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˌfɾɛɣɨˈzi.ɐ ) ) , usually translated as `` parish '' or `` civil parish '' , is the third - level administrative subdivision of Portugal , as defined by the 1976 Constitution .
Générargues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France , around 10 km southwest of Alès .
Maruševec ( Hungarian : Máriasócszentgyörgy , Kajkavian : Maršuvic , Maršovec , or Maršuvec ) is a village and municipality in Croatia in the Varaždin County .
List auf Sylt ( known as List until 31 December 2008 ) is the northernmost municipality in Germany , located on the North Sea island of Sylt close to Denmark in the district of Nordfriesland in the state of Schleswig - Holstein .
The Omaramba River is situated about five kilometers from Tsintsabis in Namibia .
Her Majesty 's Naval Service , also known as the Senior Service , is the United Kingdom 's naval warfare and maritime service .
Długowola Pierwsza ( dwuɡɔˈvɔla ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ongaba mine is a large iron mine located in north - west Namibia in the Kunene Region .
The Polish Theater in Vilnius ( Polish : Polski Teatr w Wilnie ) is a Polish - language theater in Vilnius , Lithuania .
Redeyef ( Arabic : الرّدَيِّف‎ Ar Rudayyif ) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate , Tunisia .
Nieuw Rotterdam is the ancient capital of the Nickerie District in Suriname , built on the right bank of the Nickerie River .
Predjama Castle ( Slovene : Predjamski grad or grad Predjama , German : Höhlenburg Lueg , Italian : Castel Lueghi ) is a Renaissance castle built within a cave mouth in south - central Slovenia , in the historical region of Inner Carniola .
The Robertson Advocate was an English language broadsheet newspaper published twice weekly , on Tuesdays and Fridays , in Mittagong , New South Wales , Australia .
Yichun University ( Chinese : 宜春学院 ; pinyin : Yíchūn Xuéyuàn ) is located in Yichun , Jiangxi , People 's Republic of China .
Zakouma National Park ( French : Parc National Zakouma ) is a national park , located between Sarh and Am Timan , in the south of Chad .
Ghangha Pur or Gangapur is a village of Jaranwala Tehsil in Faisalabad District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Bulyanhulu Gold Mine is an underground gold mine in the Shinyanga Region of Tanzania , located 55 kilometres south of Lake Victoria .
Póvoa de Lanhoso ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpɔvuɐ ðɨ lɐˈɲozu ) , locally : ( ˈpɔβuɐ ðɨ lɐˈɲozu ) ) is a municipality in the district of Braga , Portugal .
Gharm ( Tajik : Ғарм , alternative spellings Garm and Gharm ) is a city and jamoat in the Rasht Valley area of central Tajikistan .
Alistrati ( Greek : Αλιστράτη ) is a town and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
St. Pölten Hauptbahnhof is the main station at St. Pölten , which is the capital city of the federal state of Lower Austria , located in the north east of Austria .
The Vishwamitri River is a seasonal river which flows east to west between the Mahi and Narmada rivers in Gujarat , India .
KwaMhlanga is a town in Mpumalanga , South Africa and is the spiritual home of the Ndebele tribe that settled here in the early 18th century .
The Translators Association ( TA ) is an association representing literary translators in the United Kingdom .
The Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic ( Armenian SSR ; Armenian : Հայկական Սովետական Սոցիալիստական Հանրապետություն Haykakan Sovetakan Soc'ialistakan Hanrapetut'yun ; Russian : Армя́нская Сове́тская Социалисти́ческая Респу́блика Armyanskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialističeskaya Respublika ) was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union in December 1922 .
Kolonia Wrzelów ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvʐɛluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Rachcin ( ˈraxt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Awakeri is a village located southwest of Whakatane in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Kadıköy ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈkadɯcøj ) ; ancient and Byzantine Chalcedon ( Greek : Χαλκηδών ) ) , is a large , populous , and cosmopolitan district of Istanbul , Turkey on the northern shore of the Sea of Marmara , facing the historic city centre on the European side of the Bosporus .
Praia da Carreagem ( sometimes written Praia da Carriagem ) is a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur , in the Algarve , Portugal .
Eurymenae ( Ancient Greek : Εὐρυμεναί , or Ὲρυμναί - Erymnae ) was an ancient Greek town in Magnesia ( east central Greece ) .
Marsamxett Harbour ( Maltese pronunciation : ( mɐr.sɐmˈʃɛt ) ) , historically also referred to as Marsamuscetto , is a natural harbour on the island of Malta .
The Étang de Berre ( in Provençal Occitan : estanh de Bèrra / mar de Bèrra according to classical orthography , estang de Berro / mar de Berro according to Mistralian orthography ) is a lagoon on the Mediterranean coast of France , about 25 km north - west of Marseille .
The Weser Depression ( German : Weserniederung ) or Weser Lowlands is the region north of Porta Westfalica in Germany , where the River Weser no longer flows through a valley , but a broad plain consisting of meadows and river terraces .
Cariari National Wetlands is a Nature reserve , part of both the Tortuguero and Caribbean La Amistad Conservation Areas , in the Limón Province of northeastern Costa Rica .
Kucborowo ( kut͡sbɔˈrɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The West Coast Expressway , WCE or ( Malay : Lebuhraya Pesisiran Pantai Barat or Lebuhraya Pantai Barat ) , LPPB or LPB , is a new expressway that will be built on the west coast of Peninsula Malaysia .
Kaveri Nagar ( Tamil : காவேரி நகர் ) is a neighbourhood of the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Saint - Corneille is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays - de - la - Loire in north - western France , famous for its chicken breeding facilities .
Krnjača ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крњача , pronounced ( kř̩ɲat͡ʃa ) ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
The Blučina burial is a Migration period princely burial at Blučina , near Brno , Moravia , Czech Republic , excavated in 1953 by Karel Tihelka ( 1898 - 1973 ) .
Osojnica ( pronounced ( ɔˈsoːi̯nitsa ) ) is a small settlement on a stream with the same name , a tributary of the Poljane Sora ( Slovene : Poljanska Sora ) , in the hills southwest of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Końskie ( ˈkɔɲskʲɛ ) is a town in central Poland with 20,328 inhabitants ( 2008 ) , situated in the Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Kielce Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
The Ranchería River is a river located in northern La Guajira Department , Colombia .
Bagh Kamal ( Persian : باغ كمال‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Kamāl ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Underwater Society of America ( USOA ) is the peak body for underwater sport and recreational diving in the United States of America .
Coti - Chiavari is a commune of the Corse - du - Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .
Storfrøyningen ( Southern Sami : Freavnanjaevrie , stoerre ) is a lake in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Lordegan ( Lurish and Persian : لردگان‎ , also Romanized as Lordegān , Lordgān , and Lordagān ; also known as Lordajān , Lordakān , and Lurdagān ) is a city in and the capital of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bourj Hammoud ( or Burj Hammud ) ( Arabic : برج حموﺪ‎ , Armenian : Պուրճ Համուտ ) , is a town and municipality in Lebanon located north - east of the capital Beirut , in the Metn district and is part of Greater Beirut .
Yecapixtla ( Nahuatl : Yecapixtlān /jekaˈpiʃt͡ɬaːn/ ) is a town and municipality located in the northeast of the state of Morelos in central Mexico .
Pointe Vele Airport ( IATA : FUT , ICAO : NLWF ) is an airport serving Futuna Island in the French overseas territory of Wallis and Futuna .
Kenar Sar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كنارسر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pitrags ( Livonian : Pitrõg ) is a populated place in Kolka parish , Dundaga municipality , Latvia at the mouth of the river Pitraga .
Frölunda Torg is a shopping centre in Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Solidarity Bridge ( Polish : Most Solidarności ) is a cable - stayed bridge over the Vistula River in Płock , Poland , being in a sequence of two national roads : national road no . 60 and national road no . 62 .
Balbinów ( balˈbinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Hydro - Québec Building ( French : Édifice Hydro - Québec ) in Montreal , Quebec , Canada stands at 110 metres ( 360 ft ) with 27 floors .
Binawrai ( population c. 500 ) is a small village located about 35 km north of Mingora in Swat District , Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province , Pakistan .
The Hotel Vedado is a hotel located in the Vedado district of Havana , Cuba .
Čelákovice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtʃɛlaːkovɪtsɛ ) ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
In North Korea , The Pyongyang Times is circulated in hotel lobbies , flights into the country and other places frequented by foreigners .
The Staatstheater Stuttgart ( Stuttgart State Theatre ) are a multi - branch - theatre with the branches Oper Stuttgart ( Opera Stuttgart ) , Stuttgart Ballet ( Stuttgarter Ballett ) and Stuttgart Drama Theatre ( Schauspiel Stuttgart ) in Stuttgart , Germany .
Bakus - Wanda ( ˈbakus ˈvanda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Isala Theater is a modern theater opened in 1999 in Capelle aan den IJssel near Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Navje Memorial Park ( Slovene : Spominski park Navje ) , the redesigned part of the former St. Christopher 's Cemetery ( pokopališče pri sv . Krištofu ) , is a memorial park in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Berkasovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Беркасово ) is a village in Serbia .
The Kochkor River ( Kyrgyz : Кочкор ) is a river in Kochkor District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Malaco is a Swedish brand of confectionery products owned by Leaf , their products are sold in Norway , Iceland , Denmark and Finland as well as Sweden .
Geiranger Church ( Norwegian : Geiranger kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Santa Cruz El Chol ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsanta ˈkɾus el tʃol ) ) is a municipality in the Baja Verapaz department of Guatemala .
Bođani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бођани listen ) is a village located in the Bač municipality which is in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
Samen ( Persian : سامن‎ , also Romanized as Sāmen and Sāman ) is a city in Hamadan Province , Iran and the capital of Samen District , in Malayer County .
Mishmeret ( Hebrew : מִשְׁמֶרֶת , lit . Position or Post ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Suvorov Military Schools are a type of boarding school in the former Soviet Union and in modern Russia and Belarus for boys of 14 - -18 .
Ösmo is a locality situated in Nynäshamn Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 3,911 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Fernandezian Region is a Floristic Region which includes two island groups , the Juan Fernández Islands and Desventuradas Islands archipelagos , that lie in the South Pacific Ocean off the west coast of Chile .
Gorno Egri ( Macedonian : Горно Егри ) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia
Pedehi ( Persian : پدهي‎ , also Romanized as Pedehī ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
San Antonio de Palé , formerly known as St Antony and San Antonio de Praia , is the capital of Annobón , an island in Equatorial Guinea that was once part of the Spanish Empire in Africa .
Mamyan is a village in Jhelum District , in the Punjab ( Pakistan ) province of Pakistan .
Hanko railway station ( abbrev . Hnk , Finnish : Hangon rautatieasema , Swedish : Hangö järnvägsstation ) is a railway station in the port city of Hanko , Finland along the Hanko--
Tombakuluq ( Persian : تمباكولوق‎ , also Romanized as Tombākūlūq ; also known as Tabkalakh , Tabkelekh , and Tombaklū ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Makole ( pronounced ( ˈmaːkɔlɛ ) ) is a settlement and a municipality in northeastern Slovenia .
Sangoñedo ( Sagoñedo ) is one of 44 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Tineo , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Kráľovský Chlmec ( until 1948 Kráľovský Chlumec , Hungarian : Királyhelmec ) is a town in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
Bid Baji Piran Dalun ( Persian : بيدبجي پيران دالون‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Bajī Pīrān Dālūn ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The National Police Corps ( Spanish : Cuerpo Nacional de Policía , CNP ; ( ˈkwerpo naθjoˈnal de poliˈθi.a ) ) is the national civilian police force of Spain .
Cuito Cuanavale is a town and municipality in Cuando Cubango ( Kuando - Kubango ) province in Angola .
Bruunshaab Gamle Papfabrik ( Bruunshaab Old Cardboard Factory ) is a former textile and cardboard factory located in the town Bruunshåb , a few kilometers south of Viborg , Denmark .
Pamproux is a commune in the Deux - Sèvres département , Poitou - Charentes , France .
Peștera Muierilor , or Peștera Muierii ( Romanian for `` The Woman 's Cave '' ) , is an elaborate cave system located in the Baia de Fier commune , Gorj County , Romania .
The Beersheba bus bombings were two suicide bombings carried out nearly simultaneously aboard commuter buses in Beersheba , Israel , on August 31 , 2004 .
Tiszaszederkény is a little village on the North - Eastern territory of Hungary , in the neighbourhood of Tiszaújváros .
The Battle of Fort Eben - Emael was a battle between Belgian and German forces that took place between 10 May and 11 May 1940 , and was part of the Battle of Belgium and Fall Gelb , the German invasion of the Low Countries and France .
Stegopull ( or Stegopul ) is a village in Lunxhëri , Gjirokastër County , Albania .
Salahlay District is a district of the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed region in Somalia .
Casino Canberra ( or Canberra Casino ) is a casino located in the Central Business District of Canberra , the capital city of Australia .
Vlahovići ( Serbian : Влаховићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Jozani Chwaka Bay National Park is a 50 km2 ( 19 sq mi ) national park of Tanzania located on the island of Zanzibar .
The Llobregat Delta ( Catalan : Delta del Llobregat ) is the delta of the Llobregat river , located near the city of Barcelona , Catalonia , northeastern Spain .
Szumleś Królewski ( ˈʂumlɛɕ kruˈlɛfski ) ( German : Königsfließ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Roztoka - Kolonia ( rɔsˈtɔka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Saint - Cyr - sur - Loire is a commune in the department of Indre - et - Loire in central France .
The 503 Kingston Rd is an east - west streetcar route in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , operated by the Toronto Transit Commission .
Kichabad ( Persian : كيچ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kīchābād ; also known as Kīkābād ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nacala , also known as Cidade de Nacala or Nacala - Porto is on the northern coast of Mozambique is the deepest natural port on the east coast of Africa .
Suur - Matinkylä ( Finnish ) or Stor - Mattby ( Swedish ) is a southern main district of Espoo , a city in Finland .
Kaku Zakaria ( Persian : كاكوذكريا‎ , also Romanized as Kākū Z̄akarīyā and Kākū Zakarīā ; also known as Kākūs Kārī , Kākū Zakareyān , and Kākūz Qariya ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Twillingate Islands ( French `` Toulinquet '' ) are a group of islands in Notre Dame Bay of the Island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Wat Phnom Airlines ( Khmer : ក្រុមហ៊ុនអាកាសចរណ៍វត្តភ្នំ ) was an airline based in Siem Reap , Cambodia .
The Yana River ( Russian : Я́на ; IPA : ( ˈjanə ) ) , is a river in Sakha in Russia , located between the Lena to the west and the Indigirka to the east .
Nacional Potosí is one of Bolivia 's oldest football clubs , it was founded on March 24 , 1942 .
Dasht - e Abbas ( Persian : دشت عباس‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e `` Abbās and Dasht Abbās ) is a village in Dasht - e Abbas Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 144 , in 27 families .
The Cambridge Reporter at the time was Canada 's oldest operating newspaper .
Nagodzice ( naɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) ( German : Herzogswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Chohong Museum of Finance is a numismatics museum in Seoul , South Korea .
Delley - Portalban is a municipality in the district of Broye , in the canton of Fribourg , Switzerland .
Lake Oponona ( Ndonga : the one that swallowed up all the water ) is a natural lake in the Uuvudhiya Constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia .
South Sorong Regency ( Indonesian : Sorong Selatan ) is a regency of West Papua Province of Indonesia .
Khan Baba Kandi ( Persian : خان باباكندي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Bābā Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Netzer Sereni ( Hebrew : נֵצֶר סֶרֶנִי ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
Zangi Bon ( Persian : زنگي بان‎ , also Romanized as Zangī Bon ; also known as Zangīn Bon and Zangīn ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Dogonbadan ( Persian : دوگنبدان‎‎ ; also Romanized as Do Gonbadān , Dow Gonbadān , and Du Gunbadān ; also known as Gachsaran ( Persian : گچساران‎‎ ) , also Romanized as Gachsārān ) is a city in and the capital of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Instituto Allende is a visual arts school in San Miguel de Allende , Mexico .
Kislan ( Persian : كيسلان‎ , also Romanized as Kīslān ; also known as Kīseh Lān ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Hôtel Hermitage Monte - Carlo is a prestigious and luxurious palace style Belle Époque in the heart of Monaco on the French Riviera .
Cultural Centre Valve is a cultural center in the Pokkinen neighbourhood in Oulu , Finland .
Busan Exhibition and Convention Center ( Hangul : 벡스코 ) , commonly known as BEXCO ( Busan EXhibition and Convention center ) is a convention and exhibition center located in Centum City , Haeundae - gu , Busan , South Korea .
Siahkal County ( Persian : شهرستان سیاهکل‎ ) is a county in Gilan Province in Iran .
Honkilahti ( Swedish : Honkilax ) is a village and a former municipality in Finland , part of Eura since 1970 .
The Ontario New Democratic Party ( ONDP or NDP ; French : Nouveau Parti démocratique de l'Ontario ) , is a social democratic political party in Ontario , Canada .
The Ang Trapaing Thmor Crane Sanctuary is a protected area of Cambodia on the site of a large Khmer Rouge irrigation project built during the 1970s .
The Association of Timorese Heroes ( Tetum : Klibur Oan Timor Asuwain KOTA , Portuguese : Associação dos Heróis Timorenses AHT ) is a conservative political party in East Timor .
The Cobb Power Station is a hydroelectric facility on the Cobb River , 112 kilometres ( 70 mi ) northwest of Nelson , New Zealand .
Adhyapak Abdul Majid College in Ramchandrapur , Muradnagar Upazila , Comilla , is a college in Bangladesh .
Suceava ( Romanian pronunciation : ( suˈt͡ʃe̯ava ) ) is the largest city and the seat of Suceava County , in the Bukovina region , in north - eastern Romania .
Postenan is a community in the Korçë County , southern Albania .
Rotorua Seventh - day Adventist School is a primary school in Glenholme suburb of Rotorua , New Zealand .
Leichhardt Rowing Club formed in 1886 is one of the oldest rowing clubs in Sydney , Australia .
Voorbereidend wetenschappelijk onderwijs ( vwo ) or pre - university secondary education is the highest variant in the secondary educational system of the Netherlands , attended by approximately one fifth of all Dutch high school students .
Glavinići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Главинићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nevado del Plomo , also spelled as Nevado El Plomo , is a mountain located on the border between Argentina and Chile .
Mactan or Maktan is a densely populated island located a few kilometres from Cebu Island in the Philippines .
Gvar'am ( Hebrew : גְּבַרְעָם ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel , It is located around 12 kilometres from Ashkelon on the road to Yad Mordechai , it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof Ashkelon Regional Council .
Benmore Dam is the largest dam within the Waitaki power scheme , located in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Madrid Xanadú is a large shopping mall and entertainment center in Arroyomolinos , Madrid , Spain at the Autovía de Extremadura section .
Maja e Shënikut is a mountain with a height of 2,552 m ( 8,373 ft ) in northern Albania , part of the Prokletije .
Takapu Road Railway Station is on the suburban rail network of Wellington , New Zealand , on the Kapiti section of the North Island Main Trunk Railway ( NIMT ) .
Kalateh - ye Allah Qoli ( Persian : كلاته اله قلي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Allāh Qolī ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Himayat Sagar is an artificial lake about 20 km from Hyderabad in Telangana , India .
Bertinoro Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Bertinoro ; Concattedrale di Santa Caterina ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bertinoro in the province of Forlì - Cesena , Italy .
Ponta da Fragata ( Portuguese meaning `` tip of the frigate '' ) is a headland on the east coast of the island of Sal , Cape Verde .
Raxaul Airport ( ICAO : VERL ) is located at Raxaul in the state of Bihar , India .
Tomasamil is a mountain in Bolivia located east of Ollagüe volcano .
Guangxi Arts Institute ( GXAI ; Chinese : 广西艺术学院 ; pinyin : Guǎngxī Yìshù Xuéyuàn ) is an art school located in the city of Nanning , the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in the People 's Republic of China .
The British Coal Corporation was a nationalised corporation in the United Kingdom responsible for the extraction of coal .
Tequendama Province is one of the 15 provinces in the Cundinamarca Department , Colombia .
St Bonaventure 's High School , or St Bonaventure 's Boys High School , is a school located on Foujdari Road in Hyderabad in the Sindh province of Pakistan with another branch in the Qasimabad town .
Oleksiki ( ɔlɛkˈɕiki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Herby , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Rural Municipality of Piney is a rural municipality in southeastern Manitoba , Canada , along the border with Minnesota in the United States .
Laakso ( Swedish : Dal ) is a neighbourhood in Helsinki , Finland .
Mazraeh - ye Qaleh Cheh ( Persian : مزرعه قلعه چه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Qal``eh Cheh ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Mazraeh - ye Sefidan ( Persian : مزرعه سفيدان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Sefīdān ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Dobryłów ( dɔˈbrɨwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda - Huta , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Bieruń ( ˈbʲɛruɲ ) ( German : Berun ) is a town in Upper Silesia , in southern Poland , about 25 km ( 16 mi ) south of Katowice .
Addington Raceway or The Met is the home of the Metropolitan Trotting Club in Addington , Christchurch in New Zealand .
Surkotada is an archaeological site located in India and it is a site belonging to Indus Valley Civilisation(IVC ) .
The Sultan Suleiman Mosque , ( Ukrainian : Маріупольська мечеть ) is located in Mariupol , Ukraine .
Eidsivating Court of Appeal ( Norwegian : Eidsivating lagmannsrett ) is the court of appeal located in Hamar , Norway .
Illmitz ( Hungarian : Illmic ) is a market town in the district of Neusiedl am See in Burgenland in Austria .
Qazıqumlaq ( also , Kazykumlak and Kazykumlakh ) is a village and municipality in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sarab - e Sarin ( Persian : سراب سرين‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Sarīn ; also known as Sarīn and Sīrīn ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Frederik 's Church ( Danish : Frederiks Kirke ) , popularly known as The Marble Church ( Marmorkirken ) for its rococo architecture , is an Evangelical Lutheran church in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Praia dos Ingleses ( English : Beach of the Englishmen ) is a beach located in the neighborhood of Ingleses do Rio Vermelho , in the north of the Santa Catarina Island 31 km from the Centro downtown district of Florianópolis the capital of the state of Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Rydułtowy ( rɨduu̯ˈtɔvɨ ) ( German : Rydultau ) , is a town in southern Poland .
Kaiserkeller is a music club in the St. Pauli quarter of Hamburg , Germany , near the Reeperbahn .
Ravipalli is a village in Garugubilli mandal in the revenue division of Parvathipuram in Vizianagaram district of India .
École supérieure de commerce de Reims ( `` ESC Reims '' or `` Sup de Co Reims '' ) , is one of France 's leading Grandes Ecoles of management .
Badicul Moldovenesc is a commune in Cahul district , Moldova , about 20 km ( 12 mi ) to the north of Cahul .
Mowtowr - e Baluchha ( Persian : موتوربلوچها‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Balūchhā ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The South Moravian Region ( Czech : Jihomoravský kraj ; Slovak : Juhomoravský kraj ) is an administrative unit ( kraj ) of the Czech Republic , located in the south - western part of its historical region of Moravia ( an exception is Jobova Lhota which belongs to Bohemia ) .
Pain Jadeh ( Persian : پايين جاده‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Jādeh ) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Grevesmühlen ( German pronunciation : ( ɡʁeːvəsˈmyːlən ) ) is a municipality in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , northern Germany .
The Morice Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges , located on the west side of Morice Lake in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Radoszyna ( radɔˈʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ozren Monastery ( Serbian Cyrillic : Манастир Озрен ) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located 6 kilometres from the town of Petrovo in northern Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Decimomannu Air Base ( IATA : DCI , ICAO : LIED ) is an Italian Air Force ( Aeronautica Militare ) air force base located approximately 5 km ( 2.7 NM ) north of Decimomannu a comune in the Province of Cagliari on the island of Sardinia in Italy .
Vasilyevsky Mokh ( Russian : Васильевский Мох ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kalininsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of the city of Tver .
Drohobych Raion ( Ukrainian : Дрогобицький район , translit : Drohobyts’kyi raion ) is a raion ( district ) of Lviv Oblast ( region ) of western Ukraine .
Wąkop ( ˈvɔnkɔp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Primostek ( pronounced ( ˈpɾiːmɔstək ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Jérissa , also El - Jarissa , is a town and commune in the Kef Governorate , Tunisia .
Ali Al Salem Air Base ( ICAO : OKAS ) is a military airbase situated in Kuwait , approximately 23 miles from the Iraqi border .
Sarria is a municipality in the province of Lugo , northwestern Spain , in the autonomous community of Galicia .
Wella was founded in 1880 by Franz Ströher , a j hairdresser from Saxony , Eastern Germany .
Due to its geographic location in the north of Germany , the southeast of the Jutland peninsula , and the southwestern shore of the Baltic Sea , Kiel has become one of the major maritime centres of Germany .
Baba Nur ( Persian : بابانور‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Nūr ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Crimond Raceway is the most northerly stock car track in the United Kingdom .
Linguère Department is one of the departments of Senegal , one of three located in the Louga Region .
Samoeng Tai ( Thai : สะเมิงใต้ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Samoeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Fife House , No 1 , Lewes Crescent , is a Grade I listed building in Kemp Town , Brighton , United Kingdom , which was previously owned by the Duke of Devonshire and the Duke of Fife ; it is not to be confused with the former Fife House , Whitehall , in London .
The Barmah - Millewa Important Bird Area is a 2635 km2 tract of land in south - eastern Australia which has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area ( IBA ) because of its significance for the conservation of a range of bird species .
Strasbourg ( /ˈstræzbɜːrɡ/ , French pronunciation : ​(stʁaz.buʁ , stʁas.buʁ ) ; German : Straßburg , ( ˈʃtʁaːsbʊɐ̯k ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine ( ACAL ) region in eastern France and is the official seat of the European Parliament .
Palaiomylos ( Greek : Παλαιόμυλος ) , also called Paliomylos ( Greek : Παλιόμυλος ) , is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 3 km south of Prodromos .
Šempas ( pronounced ( ʃɛmˈpas ) or ( ʃəmˈpas ) ; in older sources also Šenpas , Italian : Sambasso , German : Schönpass ) is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia .
The Embalse Nuclear Power Station ( Spanish : Central Nuclear Embalse ) is one of the three operational nuclear power plants in Argentina .
Stara Fužina ( pronounced ( ˈstaːɾa fuˈʒiːna ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Aqaseyyed Yaqub ( Persian : اقاسيديعقوب‎ , also Romanized as Āqāseyyed Yaʿqūb ) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chelyabinsk Airport ( IATA : CEK , ICAO : USCC ) is an airport in Russia located 18 km north of Chelyabinsk .
Wallerfield is an residential and industrial area in Arima just 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) west of the Arima Town Center in Trinidad and Tobago .
The Melbourne International Comedy Festival ( MICF ) is the third - largest international comedy festival in the world and the largest cultural event in Australia .
Pulo do Lobo is a waterfall 17 km north of Mértola , in the Lower Alentejo region of Portugal .
Shadikhan , also known as Shadi Khan , is a village in the north - west of the Chach area ( the land of 84 villages ) in Punjab , Pakistan with a population of around 730 .
Provincial Cultural Complex ( Persian : مجتمع فرهنگي بوستان ولايت‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Farhengī Būstān va Lāīt ) is a village in Fajr Rural District , in the Central District of Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Pécharmant is a wine appellation ( Appellation d'origine contrôlée , AOC ) for certain wines produced in the hills to the North - East of the market town of Bergerac , France .
Onarheim Church ( Norwegian : Onarheim kirke ) is a parish church in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Qaderqamu ( Persian : قادرقامو‎ , also Romanized as Qāderqāmū ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Borowiec Astrogeodynamic Observatory is an observatory that forms part of Space Research Centre located in Borówiec , Poland .
The Prerower Strom or Prerowstrom is an arm of the Baltic Sea in northeast Germany .
Breznik ( Bulgarian : Брезник ) is a town in western Bulgaria , 50 km away from Sofia .
The Monastery of Rates ( Portuguese : Mosteiro de Rates ) was a Benedictine monastery located in the parish of Rates in the municipality of Póvoa de Varzim , in Portugal .
Howmeh - ye Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حومه شمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Parakrama Samudra ( or Parakrama 's sea or the Sea of King Parakrama ) is a shallow reservoir , consisting of three separate reservoirs connected by narrow channels in Polonnaruwa , Sri Lanka .
Soisalo is commonly regarded as the largest island of Finland .
Murtino is a village of Macedonia that lies on the border between the Strumica Municipality and the Bosilovo Municipality , with a majority of its area in the Strumica Municipality .
Tangowali ( Punjabi , Urdu : ٹانگووالی ) is a village in Sargodha Punjab , Pakistan .
Słutowo ( swuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Pedion tou Areos or Pedion Areos ( Greek : Πεδίον του Άρεως or Πεδίον Άρεως , pronounced ( peˈðion tu ˈareos ) , meaning Field of Ares , corresponding to the French Champ de Mars and the ancient Campus Martius ) is one of the largest public parks in Athens , Greece .
San Pietro a Maida is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Fidélitas University is a private university in Lourdes , Montes de Oca , San José , Costa Rica .
Fatal Visions was a cult film magazine from Melbourne , Australia , that ran from 1988 to 1998 , and was edited by journalist Michael Helms .
Artsni ( Armenian : Արծնի ; formerly , Kyzyldag , Kizilkilisa , Kizildash , and Kizildag ) is a town located in the Lori Province of Armenia .
The Institute of Molecular Biology ( IMB ) is a newly established research centre on the campus of the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz , Germany .
Gossas is a town in western Senegal about 90 km from the capital .
Port Elgin ( Pryde Field ) Airport , ( TC LID : CPG6 ) , was located 1.5 NM ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) north of Port Elgin , Ontario , Canada .
Chungju High School is a public secondary boys ' school in Chungcheongbuk - do , South Korea .
The Maison de Verre ( French for House of Glass ) was built from 1928 to 1932 in Paris , France .
Brenner railway station ( German : Bahnhof Brenner ; Italian : Stazione di Brennero ) serves the town and comune of Brenner , in the autonomous province of South Tyrol in northeastern Italy .
Melonek ( mɛˈlɔnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Villatuerta is a town and municipality located in the province and the autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
San Frediano in Cestello is a Baroque - style , Roman Catholic church in the Oltrarno section of Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume ( Italian : Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Mandello del Lario , in the Lecco and the region of Lombardy , Italy .
Naisten kymppi ( Finnish for `` the women 's ten '' ) is an annual running or walking event for women , held in Helsinki , the capital of Finland at the end of May.
Holzappel is a municipality in the Rhein - Lahn - Kreis , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , with a population in 2006 of 1100 .
Darreh - ye Baruk ( Persian : دره بروك‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Barūḵ ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rigga Al Buteen or Riqqa Al Buteen ( Arabic : رقة البطين‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Nhlangano Airfield ( ICAO : FDNH ) is an airstrip serving Nhlangano , in Swaziland .
The Schwerbelastungskörper ( German : `` heavy load - bearing body '' ) ( a.k.a . Großbelastungskörper - GBK ) is a hefty concrete cylinder in Berlin , Germany located at the intersection of Dudenstraße , General - Pape - Straße , and Loewenhardtdamm in the northwestern part of the borough of Tempelhof .
Birimirtsi ( in Bulgarian : Биримирци ) is a neighbourhood in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Bodwell High School is a private co - educational boarding school offering grades 8 to 12 , and university preparation , in North Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Lomas de Barbudal Biological Reserve is a Nature Reserve of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , that covers an area of 6,536 acres ( 26 km2 ) in the Guanacaste Province , 15 kilometers southwest of Bagaces .
The Cavalli Islands are a small group of islands near Whangaroa on Northland 's East Coast in northern New Zealand .
Maritiman is a floating maritime museum on the Göta Älv , in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Faith Island is a low , flat islet in south - eastern Australia .
Mirzaali ( Persian : ميرزاعلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā``alī ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 52 , in 8 families .
Balıkesir is in the Marmara region of Turkey and has a population of 331,788 inhabitants .
Shahrak - e Darya Kenar ( Persian : شهرك درياكنار‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Daryā Kenār ; also known as Daryā Kenār ) is a village in Barik Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunkenar County and Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Palacio de Campo Real is a palace in Jerez de la Frontera , in the Province of Cádiz , in southern Spain .
The Hochfrottspitze is a 2,649 metre high mountain , made of main dolomite , in the Allgäu Alps near Oberstdorf in Germany and the highest German mountain in the Allgäu Alps .
Epanomi ( Επανομή ) is a town and was a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
Denis Island Airport ( IATA : DEI , ICAO : FSSD ) is an airfield serving Denis Island in the Seychelles .
Silvaneh ( Persian : سيلوانه‎ ; also Romanized as Sīlvāneh ; also known as Sīlvānā , Salvanagh , Selvānā , Selvānaq , and Silvana ) is a city in and the capital of Silvaneh District , in Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pori Old Town Hall is a former town hall located in Pori , Finland .
Jaunpils Castle ( German : Schloß Neuenburg ) is a castle in the historical region of Zemgale , in Latvia .
Qalat - e Bar Aftab ( Persian : قلات برافتاب‎ , also Romanized as Qalāt - e Bar Āftāb ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sidironero ( Greek : Σιδηρόνερο , Bulgarian : Осеница , Osenitsa ) is a village and a former community in the Drama regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Szuszalewo ( ʂuʂaˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ideraway is a small rural town in North Burnett Region , Queensland , Australia .
Sikirić ( Cyrillic : Сикирић ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kurgal ( Persian : كورگل‎ , also Romanized as Kūrgal ) is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Lošinj Airport ( IATA : LSZ , ICAO : LDLO ) is an airport 3.2 nautical miles ( 5.9 km ) from Mali Lošinj on the island of Lošinj , Croatia .
The National DNA Database Ethics Group is a non - departmental public body that advises the government of the United Kingdom on the ethical issues regarding the United Kingdom National DNA Database .
The Municipal District of Pincher Creek No . 9 is a municipal district in south western Alberta , Canada .
Hungarian University of Fine Arts ( Hungary , Budapest , 1062 Andrássy út 69 - 71 . )
Lac des Rouges Truites is a lake at the village of Lac - des - Rouges - Truites in the Jura department of France .
Mohrkirch ( Danish : Mårkær ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
' Geisenklösterle ( Geißenklösterle ) is a cave near Blaubeuren , Swabian Alb , Southern Germany .
The Grand Prix du Comminges was an automobile race held in France .
Vanha - Espoo ( Finnish ) or Gamla Esbo ( Swedish ) , literally `` Old Espoo '' , is the largest main district of Espoo , a city in Finland .
The Waimangu Geyser , located near Rotorua in New Zealand , was the most powerful geyser in the world .
Ladian is a small village in Kharian Tehsil , Gujrat District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Kontias joined the rest of Greece after the Balkan Wars in 1913 .
FC Shumen 1929 ( Bulgarian : ФК Шумен 1929 ) is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Shumen , which currently competes in Bulgaria 's 3rd football league , the North - Eastern V Group .
Sechelt / Porpoise Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAX3 ) , was an aerodrome located adjacent to Sechelt , British Columbia , Canada .
After the formation of the Netherlands national rugby league team , the town formed a rugby league club called the Nootdorp Panthers .
Blinker the Star is a Canadian indie rock band , originally from Pembroke , Ontario , Canada .
Coahuayutla de Guerrero is a city and seat of the municipality of Coahuayutla de José María Izazaga , in the state of Guerrero , south - western Mexico .
Kumarakom is a popular tourism destination located near the city of Kottayam ( 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) ) , in Kerala , India , famous for its backwater tourism .
The Domain Tunnel is a road tunnel located in Melbourne , Australia , which carries traffic westbound from the Monash Freeway to the West Gate Freeway , running under the Yarra River and Kings Domain .
Qaleh Sohrab ( Persian : قلعه سهراب‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Sohrāb ; also known as Sohrāb ) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 307 , in 55 families .
Bateman Hardware was the earliest hardware shop established in Western Australia ( and the second - oldest commercial enterprise of any sort ) , and until its demise in the 1980s was the longest - running .
Mogral ( മൊഗ്രാല്‍ ) is a village in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala , India .
Comox Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CCX6 ) , is located adjacent to Comox , British Columbia , Canada .
The Netravati River has its origins at Bangrabalige valley , Yelaneeru Ghat in Kudremukh in Chikkamagaluru district of Karnataka , India .
Lidzbark Warmiński ( ˈlʲid͡zbarɡ varˈmʲiɲskʲi ) ( German : Heilsberg ( listen ) ) is a town in the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship in Poland .
Wadajir District ( Somali : Degmada Wadajir ) , also Called Medina District or Madina District is a district in the south - central Banaadir region of Somalia .
Ghaffar Hajji ( Persian : غفارحاجي‎ , also Romanized as Ghaffār Ḩājjī ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Botan River ( Turkish : Botan Çayı , Botan Suyu , or Uluçay ; Kurdish : Çemê Botanê ; Neo - Syriac : ܒܵܘܗܬܵܢ ܨܘܼ‎ bō(h)tān ṣū ) is located in the Siirt Province of southeastern Turkey .
Lutek ( ˈlutɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Cabourg Film Festival ( French : Festival du Film de Cabourg - Journées romantiques or simply Festival du Film de Cabourg ) is an annual film festival held every June in Cabourg , France .
Roio del Sangro is a village and comune of the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Radio Hekaphon was the first radio broadcasting station in Austria .
Shark Island Light is an active pile lighthouse located just north of Shark Island , an island in Sydney Harbour , New South Wales , Australia .
Kakum National Park , located in the coastal environs of the Central Region of Ghana , covers an area of 375 square kilometres ( 145 sq mi ) .
Bukowa Wielka ( buˈkɔva ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Met Office , the main weather forecasting organisation for the United Kingdom and one of the most significant in the world , relocated from Bracknell in Berkshire to Exeter in early 2004 .
Semnan Slaughterhouse Company ( Persian : شركت سمنان تيهو‎ -- Sherḵat - e Semnān Taīhū ; also known as Keshtārgāh ) is a village and company town in Lasgerd Rural District , in the Central District of Sorkheh County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Dheenle is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia .
Ava Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving parts of Petone and Alicetown in Lower Hutt , New Zealand .
The Vilaine ( Breton : Gwilen ) is a river in Brittany , in the west of France .
Khandesh ( Marathi : ख़ानदेश ) is a region of central India , which forms the northwestern portion of Maharashtra state .
Dyngö is a small island in the archipelago of Sweden 's west coast , located in the province ( landskap ) of Bohuslän , near the village Fjällbacka .
Barrow Island Airport ( IATA : BWB , ICAO : YBWX ) is located at Barrow Island , Western Australia .
Power 's Brewery now CUB brewery , is a brewery based at Yatala in South East Queensland , Australia .
Mietków ( ˈmjɛtkuf ) ( German : Mettkau ) is a village in Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Parkdale School was a city centre K-9 public school located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Mazraeh - ye Asadollah Zary ( Persian : مزرعه اسداله زارع‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āsadollah Zāry ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Women 's Legal Education and Action Fund , referred to by the acronym LEAF , is `` the only national organization in Canada that exists to ensure the equality rights of women and girls under the law . ''
The Ngawha geothermal field is a geothermal area in the North Island of New Zealand .
Kena ( also pronounced kana ) is a village in Vilnius district municipality , Lithuania .
Kreuzlingen Abbey ( Stift Kreuzlingen or Kloster Kreuzlingen ) , in Kreuzlingen in Switzerland , on the border with Germany , was founded in about 1125 by Ulrich I of Dillingen , Bishop of Constance , as a house of Augustinian Canons .
Homai - ye Sofla ( Persian : همايي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Homā’ī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chenali ( Persian : چنالي‎ , also Romanized as Chenālī and Chanali ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Piazza Santa Croce is one of the main plazas or squares located in the central neighborhood of Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Burapha University ( BUU ) ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยบูรพา ) is one of Thailand 's major public universities located in the coastal town of Bangsaen , Chonburi Province , established on 8 July 1955 originated from Bangsaen Educational College which was the first regional tertiary educational institute .
Kastrupgård is a former country house , dating from the mid 18th century , in Kastrup , a suburb of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Liškiava is a historic village in the Varėna district municipality , Lithuania .
Vopnafjörður Airport ( IATA : VPN , ICAO : BIVO ) is an airport serving the village of Vopnafjörður , in the Eastern Region ( Austurland ) of Iceland .
Rosebud , Alberta is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada within Wheatland County .
Allianoi is an ancient spa settlement , with remains dating predominantly from the Roman Empire period ( 2nd century AD ) located near the city of Bergama ( ancient Pergamon ) in Turkey 's İzmir Province .
Ivujivik Airport , ( IATA : YIK , ICAO : CYIK ) , is located on the shore of Hudson Bay in Ivujivik , Quebec , Canada .
Cairine Wilson Secondary School is an Ottawa - Carleton District School Board high school in Ottawa , Canada .
Malé Svatoňovice(Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmalɛː ˈsvatoɲovɪtsɛ ) ; German : Klein Schwadowitz ) is a village and municipality in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic at the bottom of Jestřebí hory , near the Krkonoše .
Tabelbala ( Arabic : تبلبالة‎ , Korandje : tsawərbəts ) is an town and commune between Béchar and Tindouf in south - western Algeria , and is the capital , and only significant settlement , of the Daïra of the same name , encompassing most of the south - western half of Béchar Province .
Gilleleje is one of the main towns of the Gribskov municipality in Region Hovedstaden in Denmark .
Stockholms - Tidningen ( meaning the Stockholm Times in English ) was a Swedish language morning newspaper published in Stockholm , Sweden , between 1889 and 1984 with an interruption from 1966 to 1981 .
Guichen ( Breton : Gwizien , Gallo : Gischen ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Glush ( Russian : Глушь ) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
Wawanaki ( Aymara ) , also spelled Wawanaqui ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
The Mojotoro River , or Lavayen River ( Spanish , Río Lavayén ) is a river in the province of Salta , Argentina .
Królowa Górna ( kruˈlɔva ˈɡurna ) ( Ukrainian : Королева Руська , Koroleva Rus’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Bagadó ( Spanish pronunciation : ( baɣaˈðo ) ) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department , Colombia .
The Church of Santa Engracia de Zaragoza is a basilica church in Zaragoza , Spain .
Pamalican Island is a small island of the Cuyo Islands in the Sulu Sea , between Palawan and Panay , in the north part of the Palawan Province of the Philippines .
Mdina Gate ( Maltese : Il - Bieb tal - Imdina ) , also known as the Main Gate or the Vilhena Gate , is the main gate into the fortified city of Mdina , Malta .
Böhlen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbøːlən ) ) is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , south of Leipzig .
in Tatsfield and Titsey , one of the wards of the United Kingdom .
As at December 2013 , Keolis employed 54,600 people in France , Australia , Belgium , Canada , China , Denmark , Germany , India , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , Sweden , the United Kingdom and the United States .
The IDG magazine Internetworld ranked Humany as `` one of Sweden 's hottest internet entrepreneurs 2006 '' .
Algharabolli National Park , also Karabolli National Park , is a national park of Libya .
Bogolin ( Bulgarian : Боголин ) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria .
Krystallopigi ( Greek : Κρυσταλλοπηγή ; Bulgarian : Смърдеш , Smardesh or Smrdesh , Macedonian : Смрдеш , Smrdeš ) is a former community in Florina regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
The Holy Spirit Grotto ( La Gruta del Espíritu Santo in Spanish ) , also known as Corinto Cave , in Corinto , Morazán , El Salvador , is a registered national monument of petroglyphs .
The Kvinneby amulet ( Öl SAS1989;43 ) is an 11th - century runic amulet found in the mid-1950s buried in the village of Södra Kvinneby in Öland , Sweden .
Peńskie ( ˈpɛɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krypno , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Stade Henri Sylvoz is a stadium primarily used for football matches in Moanda , Gabon .
Strzelin County ( Polish : powiat strzeliński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Azarita ( Arabic : الأزاريطة‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
Lankatilaka Vihara ( Sinhalese : ලංකාතිලක විහාරය ) is an ancient Buddhist temple situated in Udunuwara of Kandy , Sri Lanka .
Shin - Imamiya Station ( 新今宮駅 ) is a railway station operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) and Nankai Electric Railway , and Shin - Imamiya - Ekimae Station ( 新今宮駅前停留場 ) is a stop on the Hankai Tramway Hankai Line .
Kitta or Koita ( Greek : Κοίτα ) is a village in Mesa Mani , Laconia , Greece .
Ješovec pri Kozjem ( pronounced ( jɛˈʃɔːʋəts pɾi ˈkoːzjɛm ) or ( jɛˈʃoːʋəts pɾi ˈkoːzjɛm ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills east of Kozje in eastern Slovenia .
Olinto Gallo Workshops was a metal casting and engraving company located in Rosario , province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
Brolæggerstræde ( literally `` Cobble - Layer Alley ) is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark , linking Nytorv in the west with Badstuestræde in the east .
Lužarji ( German : Luschari ) is a small village in the hills southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Gokak ( Kannada Gokak or Gokaka ) is a taluka headquarters in the Belgaum District of Karnataka state , India .
The Norderland was a historic territory , set on the northwestern edge of East Frisia immediately next to the Wadden Sea off North Germany , which embraced a wide area around the town of Norden .
Väätsa is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Järva County , in central Estonia .
Pusan Newport International Terminal ( PNIT ) is a new port constructed in Busan , in South Korea ; it is a joint venture between PSA International and Hanjin .
Werlaburgdorf ( Burgdorf until 1958 ) is a village and a former municipality in the district of Wolfenbüttel , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Świniary Stare ( ɕfiˈɲarɨ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Titteri ( Arabic : جبل التيطري‎ , Berber : Tittri ) is a historical region in Algeria .
Rocky Bay was changed to Carmanville on June 18 , 1906 after the General Superintendent of the Methodist Church of Canada , Rev. Albert Carman .
Ha Gorge ( Greek : Φαράγγι Χά ) is a narrow gorge , at the Monasteraki Dakos , on the eastern part of the island of Crete in Greece .
Meridian Field is a multi - use rugby stadium in Village of Grace , Providenciales , Turks and Caicos Islands .
Kangasala is a municipality in Finland , next to Tampere .
Cruas is a commune near the Rhône River in the Ardèche department in southern France .
' State Elementary School Cipinang Melayu 12 Petang ( Indonesian : Sekolah Dasar Negeri ( SDN ) Cipinang Melayu 12 Petang ) is an Indonesian public school in jalan Kartika Eka Paksi , RT.010 RW 06 , KPAD Jatiwaringin , Kelurahan Cipinang Melayu , Kecamatan Makasar , Jakarta Timur , Jakarta , Indonesia .
Owikeno Lake , also Owekeeno Lake , Owekano Lake , Oweekayno Lake and other spellings ( pron . `` o we KEE no '' ) , is a large fjord lake in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
Gać Kaliska ( ˈɡat͡ɕ kaˈliska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Women 's College , Shillong is an Education India sponsored linguistic minority institution established in 1984 .
Stara Kiszewa ( ˈstara kiˈʂɛva ) ( German : Alt Kischau ; Kashubian : Stôrô Cziszewa ) is a village in Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gordaliza del Pino ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡorðaˈliθa ðel ˈpino ) ) , Gordaliza del Pinu in Leonese language , is a small town located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Kimeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كيمه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kīmeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Artemisa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɾteˈmisa ) ) is a municipality and city in Cuba , formerly part of La Habana Province .
The University of Goroka is a university in the Eastern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea .
Goesdorf ( Luxembourgish : Géisdref ) is a commune and village in north - western Luxembourg .
Malda Airport ( IATA : LDA , ICAO : VEMH ) is located at Malda , India .
Sex Machines Museum ( abbreviated SMM ) is a sex museum in Prague , Czech Republic which has a collection of sex devices .
Lake Bacalar ( or Laguna de Bacalar ) is a long and narrow lake in the state of Quintana Roo , Mexico .
Menara Multi Purpose is a skyscraper located along Jalan Munshi Abdullah in midtown in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Minkowskie ( minˈkɔfskʲɛ ) ( German Minkowsky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kawakawa railway station was a station on the Opua Branch in New Zealand .
Jizabad ( Persian : جيزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Jīzābād ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Caplan railway station is a flag stop railway station in Caplan , Quebec , Canada with no ticket agent ( tickets were sold on the train ) .
According to the Office for National Statistics , at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , the parish of Bradfield Combust with Stanningfield had a population of 503 with 231 households .
Bugti Hills are a range of hills in eastern Balochistan , Pakistan .
Spodnje Danje ( in older sources also Spodnje Dajne , German : Unterdaine ) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
KIIT School of Technology ( KSOT ) , is the engineering wing of KIIT University , Bhubaneswar , India .
Qarahchi - ye Sofla ( Persian : قره چي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qarahchī - ye Soflá and Qarehchī - ye Soflá ; also known as Qarahchī - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Arshaq - e Shomali Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Reichertshausen is a municipality in the district of Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany and is near the A9 and between Munich and Ingolstadt .
Qeynar ( Persian : قينر‎ ; also known as Kenyār , Keynar , Kinār , and Qanīr ) is a village in Bonab Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Annakeera Crossing was a level crossing near Annaghmore in County Armagh , Northern Ireland .
The Hermitage of the Solitude ( Spanish : Ermita de la Soledad ) is a hermitage located in the village of Fuente el Saz de Jarama , Community of Madrid , Spain .
The Boomerang Seamount is an active submarine volcano , located 18 km northeast of Amsterdam Island , France .
Oroszlány ( archaic form of oroszlán , means lion ; German : Ohreslahn ) is a city in Hungary , Komárom - Esztergom county , Central Transdanubia region , located on the North - West flanks of the Vértes Mountains .
Nilphamari Government High School ( Bengali : নীলফামারী সরকারী উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a government secondary school in Bangladesh situated on the city center of Nilphamari , headquarters of Nilphamari Sadar Upazila and Nilphamari District .
Our Lady of Peace High School is a private Salesian school in Malabang , Lanao del Sur , Philippines .
Wyalong is part of the Bland Shire located in the Northern Riverina Region of New South Wales , Australia .
Ronov nad Doubravou is small town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Agios Iakovos ( Greek : Αγιος Ιάκωβος `` Saint James '' ; Turkish : Altınova `` golden plain '' , previously Aynakofo ) is a village in Cyprus , located 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) northwest of Trikomo .
Środa Śląska County ( Polish : powiat średzki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Cíjara Dam is a reservoir on the Guadiana River , located in Extremadura , Spain .
Magdeburg Cathedral ( German : Magdeburger Dom ) , officially called the Cathedral of Saints Catherine and Maurice ( German : Dom zu Magdeburg St. Mauritius und Katharina ) , is a Protestant cathedral in Germany and the oldest Gothic cathedral in the country .
Esparragalejo is a municipality of Spain in the province of Badajoz , autonomous region of Extremadura .
Podlog v Savinjski Dolini ( Slovene : Podlog v Savinjski dolini ) is a settlement in the Savinja Valley in the Municipality of Žalec in east - central Slovenia .
St. Thomas Mar Thoma Church , Pallipad is a church in Pallipad , Kerala , India .
Sofia Land ( София Ленд ) was an amusement park in Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria .
İlkadım is the central borough of the city of Samsun , Turkey .
The Third Battle of Gao was fought in the city of Gao on 9 - 11 February 2013 , during the Northern Mali Conflict .
Maćedonce ( Serbian : Маћедонце ) a village in the Medveđa municipality , Jablanica District , southern Serbia .
Klatovec ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈklatovɛts ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Whale Cove Airport ( IATA : YXN , ICAO : CYXN ) is located 4.3 nautical miles ( 8.0 km ; 4.9 mi ) Whale Cove , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the government of Nunavut .
Głuszyca ( ɡwuˈʂɨt͡sa ) ( German : Wüstegiersdorf ) is a town in Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Neudamm Railway Station is a railway station serving the settlement of Neudamm in Namibia .
Dubienka ( duˈbʲɛŋka ) ( Ukrainian : Дубенка , Dubenka ) is a village in Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine on the Bug River .
Outardes-4 is a hydroelectric power station and dam on the Outardes River 70 km ( 43.5 mi ) northwest of Baie - Comeau , Quebec , Canada .
Sakakah ( Arabic : سكاكا‎ ) is a city in northwestern Saudi Arabia and is the capital of Al Jawf Province .
Dakky ( Russian : Даккы ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , and one of two settlements in Zhokhsogonsky Rural Okrug of Tattinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , in addition to Borobul , the administrative center of the Rural Okrug .
Mosteiros Airport ( IATA : MTI , ICAO : GVMT ) was a public use airport located near Mosteiros , São Filipe , Cape Verde .
Nydalen is a neighbourhood in the Nordre Aker borough in northern Oslo , Norway .
Valle de Valdelaguna is a town in the province of Burgos , Autonomous Community of Castilla y León ( Spain ) , region of the Complaint , the judicial district of Salas de los Infantes .
Pouso Alto ( translation : High Landing ) is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .
Sankuru natural reserve is a protected area in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Hougang Mall ( Chinese : 后港购物坊 ) , previously known as NTUC Hougang Mall , is a suburban shopping mall in Hougang , Singapore .
La Croix - sur - Gartempe ( Occitan : La Crotz ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France .
Järstorp is a locality situated in Jonköping , Jönköping County , Sweden
Czartkowo ( t͡ʂartˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Brückenkrug ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zamušani ( pronounced ( ˈzaːmuʃani ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia .
The Republic of Bouillon was a short - lived French client republic , around the city of Bouillon in present - day Belgium , based on the duchy of Bouillon , which had existed between France and the Austrian Netherlands since the 15th century .
Farikah ( Arabic : فريكة‎ , also spelled Frikka , Freikeh or Furaykah ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located north of Hama .
Chubanluy - e Sofla ( Persian : چوبانلوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chūbānlūy - e Soflá ; also known as Chūpānlū - ye Pā’īn , Chūpānlū - ye Soflá , and Ḩeydarābād ) is a village in Lakestan Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bagh - e Fakhruiyeh ( Persian : باغ فخروييه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Fakhrū’īyeh , Bāgh Fakhrū’īyeh , and Bāgh Fakhrūyeh ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Padarvand - e Olya ( Persian : پادروندعليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Pādarvand - e `` Olyā ; also known as Bādervand - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Rumiani Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 645 , in 121 families .
Taylor - Stace Cottage , built in 1847 , is the oldest surviving house of European origin in the Wellington region of New Zealand .
Bankstown Central Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre situated in Bankstown , in the central business district of the City of Bankstown , in the suburb of Sydney , Australia .
The Zechstein Sea occupied the region of what is now the North Sea , plus lowland areas of Britain and the north European plain through Germany and Poland .
Marale is a municipality in the department of Francisco Morazán , Honduras .
Qishn ( Arabic : قشن‎ ) is a coastal town in Al Mahrah Governorate , seat of Qishn District in southern Yemen .
The Lokomotiv - Versuchsamt Grunewald or LVA ( ' Grunewald Locomotive Research Office ' ) was a facility established from 1920 to 1945 at Berlin - Grunewald in Germany that conducted trials on railway vehicles .
Boe Constituency is one of the constituencies of Nauru .
Meudon ( French pronunciation : ​(mø.dɔ̃ ) ) is a municipality in the southwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Hasselkopf is a mountain on the southern periphery of Braunlage , Germany .
Ebensee is a market town in the Traunviertel region of the Austrian state of Upper Austria , located within the Salzkammergut Mountains at the southern end of the Traunsee .
The Karara mine is a large iron mine located in western Australia in Pilbara .
Bella Center ( abbreviated BC ) is Scandinavia 's largest exhibition and conference center , and is located in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Club Français won the 1896 USFSA Football Championship and Coupe de France Final 1931 .
Karadeniz Technical University ( Turkish : Karadeniz Teknik Üniversitesi ) , is a public research university in Trabzon , in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Vayeh Beyk ( Persian : وايه بك‎ , also Romanized as Vāyeh Beyk and Vāyeh Beyg ; also known as Vāybek ) is a village in Najmabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Venda Nova do Imigrante is a municipality , with a capital of the same name , in east central Espírito Santo , Brazil .
Simpelveld ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsɪmpəlˌvɛlt ) ; Limburgish : Zumpelveld ) is a municipality and a town in the southeastern Netherlands .
Koren ( village ) is a village in the municipality of Haskovo , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
The Jardin botanique d'Auvergne ( 9 hectares ) , also known as the Jardin botanique d'essais de Royat - Charade , is a new botanical garden located in Charade , Royat , Puy - de - Dôme , Auvergne , France .
Kot Ram Chand is a village in Pakistan on the M4 motorway , 30 kilometers from Faisalabad .
Resthills Park is a multi - use sports venue located in Hamilton , New Zealand .
The Shelbourne Hotel is a famous hotel situated in a landmark building on the north side of St Stephen 's Green , in Dublin , Ireland .
Tazeh Kand - e Davudlu ( Persian : تازه كندداودلو‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Dāvūdlū ; also known as Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sântana ( Romanian pronunciation : ( sɨnˈtana ) ; German : Neusanktanna ; Hungarian : Újszentanna ) is a town in north - western Romania , in the county of Arad .
In 1895 the left bank of Darvaz was transferred to Afghanistan as part of a border agreement .
Kolu Deh ( Persian : كلوده‎ , also Romanized as Kolū Deh and Kaloodeh ; also known as Kulede ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Uvdal Stave Church is situated at Uvdal in Nore and Uvdal municipality , which is in the valley Numedal in Norway .
Bohot ( Bulgarian : Бохот ) is a village in northern Bulgaria .
Wólka Strobowska ( ˈvulka strɔˈbɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Villa Hügel is a mansion in Bredeney ( part of the modern city of Essen ) in Germany .
Uzgen ( also Ozgon or Özgön and Uzkand or Uzkend , Kyrgyz : Өзгөн , Özgön ; Russian : Узген ) is a town in Osh Region , Kyrgyzstan .
Oshrat ( Hebrew : אָשְׁרַת ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Bambafouga is a town in mid southern Guinea .
Christchurch Girls ' High School in Christchurch , New Zealand , was established in 1877 and is the second oldest girls ' secondary school in the country ( Otago Girls ' High School is older ) .
Southampton Solent University is a British university of approximately 18,500 students based in Southampton , United Kingdom .
Port - Salut is a coastal commune in the Sud Department of Haiti .
The Coega Wind Farm is a wind farm in Coega , an Industrial Development Zone ( IDZ ) covering 110 km² of land , that is situated within the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan Municipality near Port Elizabeth , in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Sąjūdis ( initially known as the Reform Movement of Lithuania , Lithuanian : Lietuvos Persitvarkymo Sąjūdis ) is the political organization which led the struggle for Lithuanian independence in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Ibagwa - Aka is a community located North of the great University of Nigeria , Nsukka .
Krakowskie Przedmieście ( Polish pronunciation : ( kraˈkɔfskʲɛ pʂɛdˈmjɛɕt͡ɕɛ ) , literally : Kraków suburb ; French : Faubourg de Cracovie ) is one of the best known and most prestigious streets of Poland 's capital , surrounded by historic palaces , churches and manor - houses .
The Diourbel Region ( Serer and Cangin : Jurbel ) is a region of Senegal .
Mariscal Sucre International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Mariscal Sucre ) ( IATA : JTC , ICAO : SEQQ ) was the main international airport serving Quito , Pichincha Province , Ecuador .
Bugaj Dmeniński ( ˈbuɡai̯ dmɛˈniɲski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Koviahy ( Ukrainian : Ков'яги ) is urban - type settlement in the Valky Raion ( district ) of the Kharkiv Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
Sar Mur - e Kukhdan ( Persian : سرموركوخدان‎ , also Romanized as Sar Mūr - e Kūkhdān ; also known as Sar Mūr ) is a village in Dana Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Ticketpro Dome ( previously known as the Coca - Cola Dome and MTN Sundome ) is an event venue located in the north of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Žerjavka ( pronounced ( ʒɛˈɾjaːu̯ka ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Parents for Education Foundation or PAREF is an educational foundation established by parents that administers schools for basic education in the Philippines .
Bhag ( Urdu : بھاگ‎ ) is a city located in Kachhi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Orzeszyn ( ɔˈʐɛʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hohlenstein - Stadel is a cave located at N 48 ° 32 ' 57.57 `` and E 10 ° 10 ' 20.75 '' in the Hohlenstein cliff ( not to be confused with the Hohle Fels ) at the southern rim of the Lonetal ( Lone valley ) in the Swabian Alps in Germany .
Angelburg is a community in western Marburg - Biedenkopf in northwest Middle Hesse in Germany .
Billafingen is a village that is part of Owingen in the Bodensee district , Germany , close to Überlingen .
Ghawr Gharbiyah ( Arabic : غور غربية‎ , also spelled Ghor Gharbiya or Ghouri ) is a town in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , northwest of Homs .
Blackburn Hamlet is a suburban community in Innes Ward , in the east end of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Krageholm Castle ( Swedish : Krageholms slott ) is a castle in Ystad Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
The Swedish Football Association ( Swedish : Svenska Fotbollförbundet ; SvFF ) is the governing and head body of football in Sweden .
The Platamon Castle ( Greek : το κάστρο του Πλαταμώνα ) is a Crusader castle ( built between 1204 and 1222 ) in northern Greece and is located southeast of Mount Olympus , in a strategic position which controls the exit of the Tempe valley , through which passes the main road connecting Macedonia with Thessaly and southern Greece .
Boluran ( Persian : بلوران‎ , also Romanized as Bolūrān ) is a village in Boluran Rural District , Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rolea B'ier District ( Khmer : ស្រុករលាប្អៀរ ) is a district ( srok ) in the center of Kampong Chhnang Province , in central Cambodia .
Kreuzlingen District is one of the five districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Puskás Ferenc Labdarugó Akadémia , commonly known as Puskás Akadémia FC or simply Puskás Akadémia , are the youth team of Videoton , in Felcsút , Hungary .
Taza ( Berber : ⵜⴰⵣⴰ , Taza , in Arabic : تازة ) is a city in northern Morocco , which occupies the corridor between the Rif mountains and Middle Atlas mountains , about 120 km east of Fez .
The Liceo classico Jacopo Stellini is a classical lyceum in Udine , Italy , founded in 1808 .
Lyne is a small town with a population of 235 ( 1 January 2014 ) in southwest Denmark on the peninsula of Jutland .
Cerkno ( pronounced ( ˈtseːɾknɔ ) ; Italian : Circhina , German : Kirchheim ) is a small town in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Seh Barar ( Persian : سه برار‎ , also Romanized as Seh Barār ; also known as Seh Barādar ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Kihikihi , a small town located in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand , serves as a satellite community of Te Awamutu , five kilometres to the north , and lies 35 kilometres south of Hamilton .
Botanical Garden of the Comenius University ( Slovak : Botanická záhrada UK ) is the only botanical garden in Bratislava the capital of Slovakia .
The JEATH War Museum ( Thai : พิพิธภัณฑ์อักษะเชลยศึก ) is one of two war museums in Thailand about the Death Railway built from 1942 to 1943 by Allied POWs under the direction of the Japanese , a part of the famous Thai - Burma railways .
Tropojë Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Tropojës ) is a small mountain lake in the Prokletije mountains in western Kosovo , only 180 m from the Albanian border .
Draga pri Sinjem Vrhu ( pronounced ( ˈdɾaːɡa pɾi ˈsiːnjɛm ˈʋəɾxu ) ) is a small settlement south of Sinji Vrh in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Bębnowo ( bɛmbˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tunnelbacken previously named Ålidbacken is a residential area in Umeå , Sweden .
Otzoloapan Municipality is a municipality located at the southeast of the State of Mexico .
Bogale Township ( Burmese : ဘိုကလေးမြို့နယ် ( bòɡəlé mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is a township of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Moščanci ( in older sources also Moštjanci , Hungarian : Musznya ) is a village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
San Sai Luang ( Thai : สันทรายหลวง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Sai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Township of Muskoka Lakes is an area municipality of the District Municipality of Muskoka , Ontario , Canada .
Tir Tash ( Persian : تيرتاش‎ , also Romanized as Tīr Tāsh ) is a village in Kolbad - e Sharqi Rural District , Kolbad District , Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ferreira Gomes is a municipality located in the center of the state of Amapá in Brazil .
St. Catherine International Airport ( IATA : SKV , ICAO : HESC ) is an airport serving St. Catherine ( or St. Katherine ) , Saint Katherine city in the South Sinai Governorate of Egypt .
Wallace Station is a small farming community located in Cumberland County , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Walga Rock``Walgahna Rock '' is claimed to be the second largest monolith in Australia .
Borzysławiec ( bɔʐɨˈswavjɛt͡s ) ( German : Louisenthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Xaspoladoba ( also , Khaspoladoba and Khaspolatoba ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
HB Studios is a Canadian video game developer founded in 2000 and located in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Squat Milada was one of the Czech Republic 's most well known squats , located in the Libeň district of Prague .
Ibn - e - Imam Degree Science College or Ibn - e - Imam Science College ( Urdu : ابن امام ڈگری سائنس کالج‎ Western Punjabi : ابن امام ڈگری ساینس کالج ) is a college located at Jalalpur Jattan , Punjab , Pakistan .
Guemar ( Arabic : ﻗﻤﺎر‎ ) is a Saharan oasis town in Algeria near the Tunisian border , in the Oued Souf area of the El Oued Province , about 20 km north of El Oued .
The Charlottenburg Canal , or Charlottenburger Verbindungskanal in German , is a canal in Berlin , Germany .
Gəngərli ( Armenian : Կենգերլի , also Kengerli and Kengorli ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kolar Plateau lies to the south Karnataka , formerly Mysore state , in Southern India .
Angol Los Confines Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Angol Los Confines , ICAO : SCGO ) is a public use airport located 1.82 kilometres ( 1 mi ) east of Angol , La Araucanía , Chile .
Hesar - e Hajji Esmail ( Persian : حصارحاجي اسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Ḩājjī Esmāʿīl ; also known as Ḩeşār ) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Artsvaberd ( Armenian : Արծվաբերդ ) is a town in the Tavush province of Armenia .
The Estuary of Bilbao ( Spanish : Ría de Bilbao / Basque : Bilboko Itsasadarra ) lies at the common mouth of the rivers Nervion , Ibaizabal and Cadagua , that drain most of Biscay and part of Alava in the Basque Country , Spain .
Trémorel ( Breton : Tremorae , Gallo : Termorae ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Marsimik La or Marsimek La , elevation 5,582 metres ( 18,314 ft ) is a high mountain pass in the Chang - Chemno Range in northern India 96 km ( 60 mi ) east of Leh , though much more by road .
Aligrama is one of the historical towns of Swat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Padalio River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Khambhaliya hills .
The New Era Party ( Latvian : Jaunais laiks , JL ) was a centre - right political party in Latvia .
Spodnje Vetrno ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈʋeːtəɾnɔ ) ; in older sources also Spodnje Veterne , German : Unterveterne ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Sustut Peak , 2481 m ( 8140 ft ) , prominence : 1231 m , is the highest summit in the drainage of the Sustut River in British Columbia , Canada .
Chulalongkorn Bridge ( Thai : สะพานจุฬาลงกรณ์ ) is a three - span railway bridge in Thailand .
Campos del Tuyú National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Campos del Tuyú ) is a national park in Argentina , in Buenos Aires Province .
Gelmandan ( Persian : گل مندان‎ , also Romanized as Gelmandān ; also known as Gelmand and Kalmandān ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Krzywiń ( ˈkʂɨvʲiɲ ) ( German : Kriewen ) is a small town in the centre of Poland in the Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , located at the Obra canal .
Faruj ( Persian : فاروج‎ , also Romanized as Fārūj ; also known as Fārij ) is a city in and the capital of Faruj County , in North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sapotskin ( Belarusian : Сапоцкін , Russian : Сопоцкин , Polish : Sopoćkinie ) is a small town in Belarus , 27 km ( 16.8 mi ) north - east of Hrodna with circa 2,000 inhabitants .
Rakeh ( Persian : راكه‎ , also Romanized as Rākeh ; also known as Rakbeh ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hatirjheel ( Bengali : হাতিরঝিল ; Bengali pronunciation : ( ɦat̪ir dʒʱil ) , English /ˈhɑːtiːˌdʒhɪl/ ; also known as Hatirjheel - Begunbari ) is a lakefront in Dhaka , Bangladesh that has been transformed into transportation hub to minimize traffic congestion .
Stevns Peninsula is a peninsula on Sjælland in Denmark .
Chahardeh - ye Bala ( Persian : چهارده بالا‎ , also Romanized as Chahārdeh - e Bālā ; also known as Chārdeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Djokupunda , also spelt Djoko Punda and known in colonial times as Charlesville , is a small town in the Kasai - Occidental province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Cape Shackleton is a cape in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Nowe Wolkowo ( ˈnɔvɛ vɔlˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
San Miguel Chapultepec is a colonia or neighborhood in Delegación Miguel Hidalgo in Mexico City .
Kimovsk ( Russian : Ки́мовск ) is a town and the administrative center of Kimovsky District in Tula Oblast , Russia , located at the watershed of the Don and Volga Rivers , 77 kilometers ( 48 mi ) southeast of Tula , the administrative center of the oblast .
NU 107 Cebu is a defunct FM station of Progressive Broadcasting Corporation and current internet radio station in the Philippines .
Nha Ho ( Vietnamese : Nha Hố ) is a village of Ninh Sơn District , Ninh Thuận Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Hagia Irene or Hagia Eirene ( Greek : Ἁγία Εἰρήνη , `` Holy Peace '' , Turkish : Aya İrini ) , sometimes known also as Saint Irene , is an Eastern Orthodox church located in the outer courtyard of Topkapı Palace in Istanbul , Turkey .
Yengema Airport ( IATA : WYE , ICAO : GFYE ) is a regional airport located in Yengema , Kono District , Sierra Leone .
Ağlasun ( from Greek Αγαλασσός Agalassos , in turn from Koine Greek Σαγαλασσός Sagalassos , in turn from Hittite Salawassa ) is a town and district of Burdur Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey .
The Geelong Falcons are a youth Australian rules football representative club in the TAC Cup competition , Victoria , Australia .
The Shevchenko mine is a large mine in the north - west of Kazakhstan .
Stronie Śląskie ( ˈstrɔɲɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ ) ( German : Seitenberg ) is a town in Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Thirumangalakudi is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Krông Na is a commune in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province , Vietnam , not far from the Cambodia border .
Upernavik Glacier ( Greenlandic : Sermeq , Danish : Upernavik isstrøm ) is a large tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland .
Qarah Khan Beyglu ( Persian : قره خان بيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Khān Beyglū and Qareh Khān Beyglū ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
THSR Taoyuan Station ( 高鐵桃園站 ) is an underground station of the Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Zhongli District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
The Natural Sciences Research Institute ( NSRI ) is one of seven research and academic institutes of the University of the Philippines Diliman College of Science .
Yan Chai Hospital opened its doors to patients on 28 August 1973 , and was officially opened on 24 October 1973 by the Hong Kong Governor , Murray MacLehose .
The Thuringian Gate ( German : Thüringer Pforte ) near Sachsenburg , a district of Oldisleben , west of Heldrungen in central Germany , is where the gorge of the river Unstrut breaks out of the Thuringian Basin through the Hainleite and Schmücke hills to the north .
Killara is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney in the state of New South Wales , Australia 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) north of the Sydney Central Business District in the local government area of Ku - ring - gai Council .
Islas de Santa Fe National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Islas de Santa Fe ) is a national park of Argentina .
Lime Cay is the main islet of the Port Royal Cays off Port Royal , Jamaica , located in the northeast of the reef .
Loha Mandi is the residential and commercial hub of the city of Agra , India .
Aïn Tolba is a municipality in northwestern Algeria .
Baichung Stadium is a football stadium in Namchi , the district headquarters of South Sikkim district in the state of Sikkim , India .
The small peninsula , or promontory , Dyrhólaey ( 0.192 Miles / 120 meters ) ( formerly known as `` Cape Portland '' by seamen ) is located on the south coast of Iceland , not far from the village Vík .
The Shire of Laidley was a local government area located in the Lockyer Valley region between the cities of Toowoomba and Ipswich , and about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) west of Brisbane , the state capital of Queensland , Australia .
The Wehlgrund in Saxon Switzerland in Eastern Germany is a right - hand , side valley of the Amselgrund , between the Bastei massif and the Kleiner Gans .
Arpunk ( Armenian : Արփունք ; also Romanized as Arp’unk '' and Arpunq ; formerly Kyasaman , until 1978 Bagar and Bahar ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Wręcza ( ˈvrɛnt͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pilauco Bajo is an archaeological site located in the city of Osorno in Southern Chile .
Ottawa Technical High School , more often known as Ottawa Tech , was a high school in Ottawa , Canada that originally specialized in vocational programs .
The Santo Rosario de Pasig Church , formerly Immaculate Conception Cathedral Parish , is a Roman Catholic church in Pasig , Philippines .
Sorkheh Mehri ( Persian : سرخه ميري‎ , also Romanized as Sorkheh Mehrī ) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Vinska Gorica ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːnska ɡɔˈɾiːtsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobrna in Slovenia .
Avrig ( Romanian pronunciation : ( aˈvriɡ ) ; German : Freck , Hungarian : Felek ) is a town in the Sibiu County , Romania .
Bankura ( pron : bænˈkʊərə ) is a city and a municipality in Bankura District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Pays Plat Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNM7 ) , was located near to Pays Plat , Ontario Canada .
Jacksons Landing is the name of a residential and commercial property development located on the northern peninsula of Pyrmont , an inner suburb of Sydney , Australia .
Café Opera is a café and nightclub in Stockholm , Sweden in the Opera building and part of the Opera Cellar .
There are two mountains called Shaviklde ( Georgian : შავიკლდე , meaning `` Black Cliff '' ) in Georgia : at an elevation of 3,578 m , at 42 ° 15′14``N 45 ° 37′9''E , at the border to Dagestan at an elevation of 2,850 meters , the highest peak of the Trialeti Range .
The Chambri Lakes are a series of swamps and canals in the East Sepik Province of Papua New Guinea that are seasonally filled by the flooding of the Sepik River .
Gurgulyat ( Bulgarian : Гургулят ) is a village in Slivnitsa Municipality , Sofia Province , located in western Bulgaria approximately 10 km south of the town of Slivnitsa .
The Mud Islands reserve is located within Port Phillip , about 90 km south - west of Melbourne , Australia , lying 10 km inside Port Phillip Heads , 7 km north of Portsea and 9 km east of Queenscliff .
Te Rauparaha Arena is a multi - purpose indoor sports and entertainment centre in Porirua , New Zealand .
Maynooth railway station serves the town of Maynooth in north County Kildare , Ireland .
Ulverston Canal , which is no longer navigable , is claimed to be the deepest , widest and shortest canal in the United Kingdom at 1¼ miles .
The School of St Jude is a charity funded school that provides a free , high - quality primary and secondary education to the poorest and brightest children of Arusha region , Tanzania , East Africa .
The Edge 96.ONE ( call sign : 2ONE ) is a music radio station based in outer Sydney , Australia , but licensed to Katoomba .
The Canton of Bécherel is a former canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in the northwest of the department .
Lake Kovdozero ( Russian : Ковдозеро ) is a large freshwater lake in the southern Murmansk Oblast , northwestern part of Russia .
John Crehan Park is a multi - use stadium in the southern part of Wollongong , Australia .
Chervonohorod or Chervone ( until 1970 Ukrainian : Червоне , formerly Ukrainian : Червоногород , Polish : Czerwonogród ) , meaning `` Red Town '' ( from the color of the earth ) , is a former town in Zalischyky Raion , Ternopil Oblast of Ukraine , that was part of the municipal district of Nyrkiv ( Ни́рків ) .
Düz Qırıqlı ( also , Düz Qıraqlı , Dyuz - Kyrykhly , and Dyuzkyrykly ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lungro is also part of the largest nature reserve in Italy , the Pollino National Park .
The Bugun River ( Kazakh : Бөген ) is a river of southern Kazakhstan .
Kielce Bus Station ( Polish : Dworzec PKS w Kielcach ) is a bus station in Kielce , Poland , currently operated by the PKS 2 company .
The Hunku Glacier is located in the Khumbu of eastern Nepal and forms the southern base of Baruntse ( 7,220 m ) .
Fervença River ( Portuguese : Rio Fervença ) is a river in Portugal .
The Seetal railway line ( German : Seetalbahn ) is a 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) ( standard - gauge ) railway of the Swiss Federal Railways between Lenzburg and Lucerne in Switzerland .
Sochaczew ( sɔˈxat͡ʂɛf ) is a city in central Poland , with 38,300 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Sail Rock , or Parus Rock ( Russian : скала́ Па́рус , Skala Parus ) , is a natural sandstone monolith of late Cretaceous age located on the shore of the Black Sea , in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Chergui ( Arabic : شرقي‎ ) is the largest of the Kerkennah Islands off the north coast of Tunisia .
Abejones ( Spanish : meaning `` beetles '' , from abejón ) is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south - western Mexico .
The Church of Notre - Dame , Versailles ( French : Église Notre - Dame de Versailles ) is a parish church in Versailles , Yvelines , France , in the Rue de la Paroisse .
Babuljice ( Serbian : Бабуљице ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Soreiller hut ( Refuge du Soreiller ) is a hut in the Massif du Soreiller above the village of Les Étages , in the commune of Saint - Christophe - en - Oisans , France .
Wilczy Dół ( ˈvilt͡ʂɨ ˈduu̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Sargar Dangah ( Persian : سرگردنگاه‎ , also Romanized as Sargar Dangāh ; also known as Sargar Va Zīrgar ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Soowahlie First Nation , or Soowahlie Band , is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region at Cultus Lake , British Columbia , Canada .
Urqu Puñuna ( Quechua urqu mountain ; male , puñuna bed , `` mountain bed '' , hispanicized spelling Orco Puñuna ) is a mountain in the western extensions of the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Bilhaur is a town and a municipal board in Kanpur Nagar district which is situated in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Aiguilles Island is an uninhabited island just northeast of Great Barrier Island in the Northland Region of New Zealand .
Gomiljani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гомиљани ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Carondelet Reef is a horseshoe - shaped reef of the Phoenix Islands , also known as the Rawaki Islands , in the Republic of Kiribati .
Ust - Tsilma Airport ( IATA : UTS , ICAO : UUYX ) is an airport in the Komi Republic , Russia , located 2 kilometers ( 1.2 mi ) east of the rural locality of Ust - Tsilma in Ust - Tsilemsky District .
Balahovit ( Armenian : Բալահովիտ , also Romanized as Balaovit ; formerly until 1968 , Mgub , Mekhub , and Mehub ) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Forme ( pronounced ( ˈfoːɾmɛ ) ; German : Formach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ten Mile Junction Depot is a depot for LRT trains serving the Bukit Panjang LRT in Singapore .
Brno hlavní nádraží ( translated from Czech as Brno main railway station and abbreviated Brno hl . n. ) is the principal railway station in Brno , the largest city in the South Moravian Region and second largest in the Czech Republic .
Altos de Chavón is a re - creation of a mediterranean style European village located atop the Chavón River in La Romana , Dominican Republic .
Alkara is a small village in the Barnala district in the state of Punjab , India .
Grand - Hornu is an old industrial mining complex in Hornu in the municipality of Boussu , Belgium .
Hvitfeldtska gymnasiet , the `` Hvitfeldtska High School '' ( gymnasium ) , is located in Gothenburg , Sweden .
St. Henry 's Cathedral in Helsinki , Finland , is dedicated to Henry , Bishop of Uppsala .
Nowy Klukom ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈklukɔm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Jumièges Abbey was a Benedictine monastery , situated in the commune of Jumièges in the Seine - Maritime département , in Normandy , France .
Nagem ( Luxembourgish : Nojem ) is a village in the commune of Redange , in western Luxembourg .
Somerville School , Greater Noida is a private school in the National Capital Region , India .
Beenleigh Rum is one of Australia 's oldest brands of rum .
Arghatosh is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
Chudobczyce ( xudɔpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hornád ( Slovak , pronounced ( ˈɦornaːt ) ) or Hernád ( Hungarian , pronounced ( ˈhɛrnaːd ) ) is a river in eastern Slovakia and north - eastern Hungary .
Przypkowscy Clock Museum ( Polish : Państwowe Muzeum i m . Przypkowskich w Jędrzejowie ) is a clock museum in Jędrzejów , Poland .
The Aarhus Custom House ( Toldkammeret ) is located on the harbour front in Aarhus , Denmark .
Deghdzavan ( Armenian : Դեղձավան ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Pyongyang Sunan International Airport ( IATA : FNJ , ICAO : ZKPY ) is the main airport serving Pyongyang , capital of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( North Korea ) .
Robinson Crusoe House ( German : Robinson - Crusoe - Haus ) is a stepped - gabled house on Böttcherstraße in the old town district of Bremen , Germany .
Anjidan ( Persian : انجيدن‎ , also Romanized as Anjīdān ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Skärte is a nature reserve in Varberg Municipality , Sweden .
Manapouri is a small town in Southland / Fiordland , in the southwest corner of the South Island , in New Zealand .
The Kola Peninsula ( from Northern Sami : Guoládat ; Russian : Ко́льский полуо́стров , Kolsky poluostrov ) is a peninsula in the far northwest of Russia .
Borðeyri is a small hamlet in north - west Iceland .
Roitzsch is a village and a former municipality in the district of Anhalt - Bitterfeld , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Satau is a village in the Chobe District of Botswana , at 18 ° 0′45 `` south and 24 ° 24′22 '' east .
Las Garzas is a village located in Marchigue , Cardenal Caro Province , Chile , near Pichilemu .
Meena Estate is a residential area which was promoted by the Coimbatore Corporation in the State of Tamil Nadu , India .
Kryntyata ( Ukrainian : Кринтята , Polish : Kręciata ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Radom Airport ( IATA : RDO , ICAO : EPRA ) , also known as Radom - Sadków Airport is a civil and military airport in central Poland , located approximately 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) east of Radom city center .
Anuppur is a town in northeastern Madhya Pradesh state of central India .
Jeju High School ( Hangul : 제주고등학교 ) is a public high school located in Jeju City , South Korea .
Przewodowo - Majorat ( pʂɛvɔˈdɔvɔ maˈjɔrat ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Orthodox Church of the Icon of Our Lady of Częstochowa ( Polish : Cerkiew Częstochowskiej Ikony Matki Bożej w Częstochowie ) is an Eastern Orthodox church in Poland honoring the Icon of Our Lady of Częstochowa , considered to be one of the country 's national symbols .
Vrtovin ( pronounced ( ʋəɾtɔˈʋiːn ) or ( ʋəɾˈtɔːʋin ) ; Italian : Vertovino ) is a village on the northern edge of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Rasak ( Persian : Rāsk‎ , also Romanize as Rāsak , Rāsk , and Rāzk ) is a city in and the capital of Sarbaz County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Harbour Rocks Hotel is a heritage - listed 55-room boutique hotel situated in the precinct of The Rocks , in Sydney , Australia .
Cape Capricorn is a coastal headland on Curtis Island , Gladstone Region , Queensland , Australia .
Kommandodrif Dam is an earth - fill / rockfill type dam located on the Tarka River , near Cradock , Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Stalag VI - C was a World War II German POW camp located 6 km west of the village Oberlangen in Emsland in north - western Germany .
Bala Mahalleh - ye Golrudbar ( Persian : بالامحله گلرودبار‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh - ye Golrūdbār and Bālā Maḩalleh - ye Gol - e Rūdbār ) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Garjur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
The Black Sea Region ( Turkish : Karadeniz Bölgesi ) is a geographical region of Turkey .
Pekalongan is a city of Central Java , Indonesia .
Momauk ( Burmese : မိုးမောက်မြို့ ) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar .
Cabimbao is a Chilean village located in the province of Melipilla , Metropolitana de Santiago Region , Chile .
Timote is a locality in Carlos Tejedor County , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
The Carnival of Venice ( Italian : Carnevale di Venezia ) is an annual festival , held in Venice , Italy .
Arikunte is a Gram panchayat village in Srinivasapura Taluk , Kolar district in the state of Karnataka , India .
Krzyże ( ˈkʂɨʐɛ ) ( German Kreuzofen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gmina Kołaki Kościelne is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Madaba ( Arabic : مادبا‎ ) is the capital city of Madaba Governorate in central Jordan , with a population of about 60,000 .
Sodwana Bay National Park , is situated on the Sodwana Bay coast within the iSimangaliso Wetland Park , in the KwaZulu - Natal , province of South Africa .
Mount Roskill is both a volcanic peak and the suburban area in the city of Auckland , New Zealand .
Suraż ( ˈsuraʂ ) is a town in north - eastern Poland situated in the Podlaskie Voivodeship since 1999 and , from 1975 to 1998 , in the Białystok Voivodeship .
Is Not Magazine was an alternative bi - monthly magazine in the form of a 1.5 m x 2 m bill poster , produced in Melbourne , Australia .
Olędzkie ( ɔˈlɛnt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The place of birth of Queenborough and Halfway residents was 97.2 % United Kingdom , 0.6 % Republic of Ireland , 0.4 % Germany , 0.3 % other Western Europe countries , 0.3 % Far East , 0.3 % Africa , 0.3 % North America , 0.2 % South Asia , 0.2 % Oceania and 0.1 % Middle East .
The Zeche Zollern II / IV ( translated : Zollern II / IV Colliery ) is located in the northwestern suburb of Bövinghausen of Dortmund , Germany .
Sadiola is a commune and small town in western Mali , south of Kayes .
Kfar Haim ( Hebrew : כְּפַר חַיִּים , lit . Haim Village ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Ahankoti ( Persian : اهن كتي‎ , also Romanized as Āhankotī ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Magumu is ward in South Kinangop Division , Kinangop Constituency in Nyandarua County , Kenya .
Hasanabad - e Chenar Sukhteh ( Persian : حسن ابادچنارسوخته‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Chenār Sūkhteh ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Ruin Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Action Front for Renewal and Development ( French : Front d'action pour le renouveau et le développement , FARD - Alafia ) is an political party in Benin .
Alto Campoo is a ski resort in the Cantabrian Mountains of northern Spain .
Hosena ( Sorbian : Hóznja ) is a section of the town of Senftenberg in Brandenburg , Germany .
Dehkalon ( Tajik Деҳи Калон , Yaghnobi Декалон or Деҳкалон ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Wola Kukalska ( ˈvɔla kuˈkalska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zavarijan ( Persian : زواري جان‎ , also Romanized as Zavārījān ; also known as Zawāri Kohneh and Zawāri Kuhneh ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Thisted is a town in Thisted municipality of Region Nordjylland , in Denmark .
The Telemark Museum is located in Kleiva in the older part of Skien , Norway .
The Valea Chioarului mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Maramureş County , 30 km south of Baia Mare and 520 km northwest of the capital , Bucharest .
Hasvik Church ( Norwegian : Hasvik kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county , Norway .
Canadian Family Physician ( French : Médecin de famille canadien ) is a monthly peer - reviewed open - access medical journal and the official journal of The College of Family Physicians of Canada .
Sophiahemmet is a private hospital at Norra Djurgården in Stockholm , Sweden .
Niedarzyno ( ɲedaˈʐɨnɔ ) ( German : Meddersin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hirschholm Palace , also known as Hørsholm Palace , was a royal palace located in present - day Hørsholm municipality just north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Sędziszów ( sɛnˈd͡ʑiʂuf ) is a town in Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland , with 6,830 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Deskle ( pronounced ( ˈdeːsklɛ ) ; Italian : Descla ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Soča River , opposite Anhovo , in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Nan Hua Temple ( 南華寺 , Nanhua Si ) is the largest Buddhist temple and seminary in Africa , and is situated in the Cultura Park suburb of Bronkhorstspruit , South Africa .
Bray Cove Halt railway station served a cove to the south of the town of Bray in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Garema Place is a paved outdoor area in Civic , Canberra , Australia , with a number of shops , restaurants and cafes with outdoor dining .
Surk - e Sofla ( Persian : سورك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sūrk - e Soflá ; also known as Sūrak - e Pā’īn and Sūrk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Nadushan Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Dubai Gold Souk or Gold Souk ( Arabic : سوق الذهب‎ ) , is a traditional market ( or souk ) in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Amlahah ( Persian : املحه‎ , also Romanized as Amlaḩah ; also known as Amlīḩeh and Melḩeh ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Modelo Museum of Science and Industry ( Spanish : Museo Modelo de Ciencia e Industria , MUMCI ) , is located in Toluca , capital city of Estado de Mexico .
Kouloukonas ( Greek : Κουλούκωνας ) is a former municipality in the Rethymno regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Cebrones del Río ( Spanish pronunciation : ( θeˈβɾonez ðel ˈri.o ) ) , Cebrones del Ríu in Leonese language , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Brodnica Górna ( brɔdˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qoldarreh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قلدره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qoldarreh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qowldarreh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Karaftu Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bišečki Vrh ( pronounced ( biˈʃeːtʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trnovska Vas in northeastern Slovenia .
Berbera ( Somali : Barbara , Arabic : بربرة‎ ) is a city in the northwestern Berbera District of Somaliland , a self - declared republic internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia .
Morotai Island Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Pulau Morotai ) is a regency of North Maluku province , Indonesia , located on Morotai Island .
Ganaur is a city and a municipal committee in Sonipat district in the state of Haryana , India .
Piauí ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( piawˈwi ) ) is one of the states of Brazil , located in the country 's Northeast Region .
The Torre del Mangia is a tower in Siena , in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Tomaž nad Vojnikom ( pronounced ( tɔˈmaːʃ nad ˈʋoːi̯nikɔm ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Ryongrim County is a kun , or county , in southeastern Chagang Province , North Korea .
The Kitchen Library is the first non - profit lending library of kitchen appliances in Canada .
Ketchem Island is a small island in south - eastern Australia .
St Patrick 's Street ( Irish : Sráid Naomh Pádraig ) is the main shopping street of the city of Cork in the south of Ireland .
Pravotice ( Hungarian : Peres ) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
The Fashloom district is a suburb of Tripoli , Libya .
Schönwald i m Schwarzwald is a small village in the Black Forest in Germany .
Veravjen - e Olya ( Persian : وروجن عليا‎ , also Romanized as Veravjen - e `` Olyā ; also known as Vīrāvjen ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 284 , in 58 families .
Quzey ( also , Quzay ) is a village in the municipality of Nüydü in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Graian Alps are located in France ( Rhône - Alpes ) , Italy ( Piedmont and the Aosta Valley ) , and Switzerland ( western Valais ) .
Jhinjhana is one of the India Towns located at latitude and longitude of 29 ° 31 ' 0 `` N / 77 ° 13 ' 0 '' E. JHINJHANA to Karnal : : - 28.0 KM ( about 32 mins . )
Steinsfurt is a village in southwestern Germany , in the Rhine Neckar Area of the Bundesland Baden - Württemberg between Heidelberg and Heilbronn in the district Rhein - Neckar .
Kisii County is a county in the former Nyanza Province in southwestern Kenya .
Gatačko Polje ( `` Field of Gacko '' , Serbian Cyrillic : Гатачко поље ) is a karst field within the Gacko municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina , spanning 57 - -60 km² , being ca .
Wiang Kum Kam is an ancient city ( Thai : เวียง , wiang , meaning `` walled city '' ) located in Saraphi District in the northern region of Thailand , around 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) south of the southeastern corner of Chiang Mai 's city centre .
Kragerø Station ( Norwegian : Kragerø stasjon ) was a railway station located in Kragerø , Norway on the Kragerø Line .
Žimarice ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːmaɾitsɛ ) ; in older sources also Žigmarice , German : Schigmaritz ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia .
Stóra - Björnsfell is an elongated medium - sized tuya located in Iceland .
In 1972 Jean Sibelius ' daughters , Eva , Ruth , Katarina , Margareta , and Heidi , sold Ainola to the State of Finland .
Sardinia Nation ( Sardinian : Sardigna Natzione , SN ) is a minor separatist and democratic - socialist political party in Sardinia , Italy .
Donji Tovarnik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Товарник ) is a village in Serbia .
Nakkalapalem is one of the villages in the State of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Lake Maracaibo ( Spanish : Lago de Maracaibo ) is a large brackish bay in Venezuela .
Makar Sankranti is a Hindu festival celebrated in almost all parts of India , Nepal and Bangladesh in many cultural forms .
Xirovouni ( Greek : Ξηροβούνι ) is a former municipality in the Arta regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Malounta ( Greek : Μαλούντα ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 2 km north of Klirou .
Molleda is one of seven parishes ( administrative divisions ) in the Corvera de Asturias municipality , within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
The Ayrault Government was the Government of France headed by Jean - Marc Ayrault .
Charshanga , sometimes written Carsanga or Charshangngy , is a town in Lebap , Turkmenistan .
Balapitiya is a coastal town , in south west Sri Lanka .
Jahra Hospital ( Arabic : مستشفى الجهراء‎ ) is the main public general hospital in Al Jahra Governorate , Kuwait .
The Catholic University of Dry Tropic Farming and Livestock ( Spanish : Universidad Católica Agropecuaria del Trópico Seco ( UCATSE ) ) is a private catholic university located in Estelí , Nicaragua .
Norðdepil ( pronounced ( ˈnɔɹːdeːpɪl ) ; older Danish spelling : Norddeble ) is a town on the east coast of the island of Borðoy in the Norðoyar Region of the Faroe Islands .
Khafr Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خفر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Latowice ( latɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Khatatba is a town in the Monufia Governorate in Lower Egypt , 43 kilometers north of the Egyptian capital Cairo .
The Holden Centre ( originally known as the Swimming and Diving Stadium and formerly known as the Olympic Swimming Stadium , Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Centre , Lexus Centre and Westpac Centre ) is a sports administration and training facility located in the Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct in Melbourne , Australia .
The Astra Chamber Music Society is a concert organisation for choral music and contemporary performance , based in Melbourne , Australia and under the musical direction of John McCaughey .
Galleh Zan ( Persian : گله زن‎ ; also known as Bāserī , Dorāh - e Galehzan , and Solūkolū ) is a village in Abarj Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lavasoa - Ambatotsirongorongo Mountains are a mountain chain in southern Madagascar .
The Acadia River flows Northerly over 82 km through seven municipalities in the MRC La Vallée - du - Richelieu , Les Jardins - de - Napierville and Le Haut - Richelieu , in Montérégie , on the South Shore of St. Lawrence river , the Quebec , Canada .
Amir Kandi ( Persian : اميركندي‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Kandī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ormiston College , located in Redland City , Queensland , Australia , is an independent , co - educational , non - denominational Christian school , for students from prep to year 12 .
Munch'ŏn Station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 문천역 ) is a railway station in Munch'ŏn - dong , greater Munch'ŏn city , Kangwŏn province , North Korea , on the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
Bindalsfjorden is a fjord in the southern part of Nordland county , Norway .
Blennerville Windmill is now Ireland´s only commercially operated windmill in existence .
Lutter ( Frieda ) is a river of Thuringia , Germany .
Rzeszów University of Technology , also known as Rzeszów Polytechnic ( Polish : Politechnika Rzeszowska i m . Ignacego Łukasiewicza , PRz ) or Ignacy Łukasiewicz University of Technology , is a state - run institution of higher education in Rzeszów , Poland .
The Temple of Garni ( Armenian : Գառնիի հեթանոսական տաճար , Gařnii het’anosakan tačar , lit . `` pagan temple of Garni '' ) is a classical Hellenistic temple in Garni , Armenia .
Seowon - gu ( Hangul : 서원구 ; hanja : 西原區 ) is a non - autonomous district in the city of Cheongju in North Chungcheong Province , South Korea .
West Vancouver - Sea to Sky ( name in effect from April 2009 onwards , named West Vancouver - Garibaldi from 1991 to 2009 ) is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada .
Fisht Olympic Stadium ( Russian : Олимпийский стадион `` Фишт '' , Olimpiyskiy stadion `` Fisht '' ) is an open - air ( formerly covered ) stadium in Sochi , Russia .
Johannesburg Park Station is the central railway station in the city of Johannesburg , South Africa , and the largest railway station in Africa .
Homatlije ( Cyrillic : Хоматлије ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Kaiapoi River is a minor river of north Canterbury , in New Zealand 's South Island .
Rosehill College , like most New Zealand state secondary schools was built between 1960 and 1970 , was built to the Nelson 2H common design plan .
Dalivandan ( Persian : دليوندان‎ , also Romanized as Dalīvandān ; also known as Delimandan ) is a village in Tulem Rural District , Tulem District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sir John Lawes School ( also known as SJL ) is a secondary school with academy status located in Harpenden , Hertfordshire , United Kingdom ( UK ) .
Snelli tiik , also Šnelli tiik is a lake of Estonia .
Lake Burley Griffin is an artificial lake in the centre of Canberra , the capital of Australia .
Ljubljana Stock Exchange or LJSE ( Slovene : Ljubljanska borza ( ljubljanska boɾza ) ) is a stock exchange located in Ljubljana , Slovenia .
The Church of Crete ( Greek : Εκκλησία της Κρήτης ) is an Eastern Orthodox Church , comprising the island of Crete in Greece .
Fulpmes is a village and a municipality in Stubaital , Tyrol , Austria .
The Philippine Amateur Radio Association ( PARA ) is a national non - profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in the Philippines .
Stornarella is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region the southeast of Italy .
A large bay that protrudes northeast from Lake Huron into Ontario , Canada , is called Georgian Bay .
Rai Sahib / Rao Sahib / Roy Sahib abbreviated R.S. , was a title of honour issued during the era of British rule in India to individuals who performed great service in visionary leadership to the nation .
The Jur River ( also Sue River ) is a river in western South Sudan , flowing through the Bahr el Ghazal and Equatoria regions .
Weiler - la - Tour ( Luxembourgish : Weiler zum Tuerm , German : Weiler zum Turm ) is a commune and small town in southern Luxembourg .
Sufian ( Persian : صوفيان‎ ; also Romanized as Şufīān , Soofian , Şowfyān , and Sūfīyān ) is a city in and the capital of Sufian District , in Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chowbari is a village of Kamarkhanda Upazila of Sirajganj District in the Division of Rajshahi , Bangladesh .
Sandweiler - Contern railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Sandweiler - Konter , French : Gare de Sandweiler - Contern , German : Bahnhof Sandweiler - Contern ) is a railway station serving the towns of Contern and Sandweiler , in southern Luxembourg .
Makanza is a community in the Équateur province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , headquarters of the Makanza Territory .
Garmanjan ( Persian : گرمنجان‎ , also Romanized as Garmanjān ; also known as Garamenjān ) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tudun Wada is a Local Government Area in Nigeria , often located in the former British colonial areas of a city .
The British Institute of Florence is a cultural institute founded in 1917 in Florence , Italy , with the aim of promoting Anglo - Italian cultural relations , teaching English and Italian languages , and running a Library of English books to illustrate British and Italian literature , art , history and music .
Grytten Church ( Norwegian : Grytten kyrkje ) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Lisleby is the largest of the cityparts in centrum Fredrikstad , Norway .
Çayqaraqoyunlu ( also , Çay Qaraqoyunlu , Chaykarakoyunlu , and Chay - Karakoyunly ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Groot Marico is a hamlet in the North West Province of South Africa .
Rożniątów ( rɔʐˈɲɔntuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Baruva is a village and a beach resort located near Sompeta in Srikakulam district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Château de Goulaine is a former castle , now a château , in the Loire Valley located near Nantes , France .
Olstappen is a lake in the municipalities of Sør - Fron and Nord - Fron in Oppland county , Norway .
Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology ( GIET ) is an engineering college located at Gunupur , in the state of Odisha , India .
Ustaoset Station ( Norwegian : Ustaoset stasjon ) is a railway station located at Ustaoset in Hol , Norway .
Tęguty ( tɛŋˈɡutɨ ) ( German : Tengutten ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vallabhi ( or Valabhi , modern Vala ) is an ancient city located in the Saurashtra peninsula of Gujarat , near Bhavnagar in western India .
Ko Tarutao island ( Thai : เกาะตะรุเตา ) is the largest island of Tarutao National Marine Park in Satun Province province of Thailand , close to Malaysia border .
The proposed greenfield Sindhudurg Airport is being built at Chipi - Parule in Sindhudurg district , in the State of Maharashtra , India .
Puerto Lempira is the capital of the Gracias a Dios department in northeastern Honduras , located on the shores of the Caratasca Lagoon .
Tibolci ( pronounced ( ˈtiːbɔu̯tsi ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Pesnica River in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia .
Cəmiyyət ( also , Ningi , Ninki , Nngi , and Nngui ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hatun Punta ( Quechua hatun ( in Bolivia jatun ) big , punta peak ; ridge ; first , before , in front of , also spelled Jatun Punta ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Kollóttadyngja is a volcano in the Ódáðahraun lava - field in Iceland .
Bingöl Province ( Turkish : Bingöl ili , Kurdish : Parêzgeha Bîngolê‎ ) is a province of Turkey in Eastern Anatolia .
Swiss International Air Lines AG ( short Swiss , stylized as SWISS ) is the flag carrier airline of Switzerland operating scheduled services in Europe and to North America , South America , Africa and Asia .
Hellisøy Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Hellisøy fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in Fedje municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Queens Domain , also known as The Domain to locals , is a small hilly area of bushland just north - east of the CBD of Hobart , Tasmania , Australia , alongside the Derwent River .
North Battleford is a small city in west central Saskatchewan , Canada .
Flötjan is a small rocky islet in Finland .
Werdohl - Elverlingsen Power Station is a coal and gas fired power station in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia near Werdohl , Germany on the Lenne river ; its water used for cooling .
Windpark Ellern is a wind farm facility located in Ellern in the Rhein - Hunsrück - Kreis in Rhineland - Pfalz , Germany .
Munirka is a mini India .
St Estevam is an Island in Ilhas , Goa , India .
Ayaştürkmenli is a small village in Silifke district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Nishan - e - Shujaat or Nishan - i - Shujaat , or Order of Bravery , is a medal awarded by the Government of Pakistan for Military and Civilian acts of conspicuous gallantry , which are not always in the face of the enemy .
Sowrastan ( Persian : سورستان‎ , also Romanized as Sowrastān ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , Bala Velayat District , Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
57357 Hospital , located in Cairo , Egypt , is one of the biggest hospitals specialized in children 's cancer in the world .
As of 2011 India census , Sugauli town had a population of 38,815 .
Mayak Tyuvagubsky ( Russian : Маяк Тювагубский ) was a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in Teribersky Territorial Okrug of Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 55 meters ( 180 ft ) above sea level .
Cerro del León is a stratovolcano located in El Loa province , Antofagasta Region , Chile .
Košice railway station ( Slovak : Železničná stanica Košice , also known for a short period as Košice hlavná stanica ) serves the city of Košice , seat of the Košice Region , eastern Slovakia .
Dahirak ( Persian : دهيرك‎ , also Romanized as Dahīrak and Dehīrak ; also known as Dahrak , Dīrak , and Dīrak Dap ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aşağı Qaragüvəndli ( also , Ashaga Karakyuvendikly and Ashagy Karagyuvyandli ) is a village in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Thimble Tickle Bay is a bay on the coast of Newfoundland , Canada .
Siri Waterfall , formerly called Santa Maria Waterfall , is a 120 metre high waterfall located about 3 km inland from the eastern coast of the island of Gaua in northern Vanuatu .
Côtes de Bourg is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée ( AOC ) for Bordeaux wine situated around the small town of Bourg - sur - Gironde near Bordeaux , France .
Tarnawa Wyżna ( tarˈnava ˈvɨʐna ) ( Ukrainian : Тернава Вижня , Ternava Vyzhnia ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Darujin ( Persian : دروجين‎ , also Romanized as Darūjīn ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Stična Mansion ( Slovene : Stiški dvorec ) is a mansion house located at 34 Old Square ( Stari trg ) in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Hizabad - e Bala ( Persian : هيزابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Hīzābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Urgeiriça is a village in northern Portugal near the town of Viseu .
Jalu Municipality ( Arabic : جالو‎ ) was one of the municipalities ( baladiyah ) of Libya from 1983 to 1987 .
Boscreege is a small village in the civil parish of Germoe in west Cornwall , in England , United Kingdom .
The Jezzine District ( Arabic : قضاء جزين‎ ) is a district in the South Governorate of Lebanon .
Sineqan ( Persian : سينقان‎ , also Romanized as Sīneqān ; also known as Sināghūn , Sīnehqān , and Singhan ) is a village in Hastijan Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Highbrook is a suburb located in the city of Auckland , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Tampines Bike Park is located in the eastern part of Singapore , in the Tampines Regional Centre .
Maymorn is a rural area of Upper Hutt city in the Wellington region of New Zealand consisting of Rural Hill and Rural Valley Floor zones .
Popintsi ( Bulgarian : Попинци ) is a village in southern Bulgaria , part of Panagyurishte municipality , Pazardzhik Province .
Dishgan ( Persian : ديشگان‎ , also Romanized as Dīshgān ; also known as Dīshkān ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Șesul Băgăului River or Pusta Băgăului River ( Hungarian : Bagó - patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania .
Phuthaditjhaba ( formerly Witsieshoek or Qwaqwa ) is a town in the Free State province of South Africa .
Achut Bibi 's Mosque and Tomb , also known as Shahi Masjid locally , is a medieval mosque and tomb complex on the bank of Sabarmati river in Dudheshwar , Ahmedabad , India .
Amorebieta - Etxano , also known as Zornotza ( Spanish , Amorebieta - Echano ) , is a town and municipality located in Biscay in the Basque Country , an Autonomous Community in northern Spain .
Grdanovac ( Cyrillic : Грдановац ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vītiņi parish ( Latvian : Vītiņu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Dobele District , Latvia .
Starobesheve ( Ukrainian : Старобешеве , Russian : Старобешево ) is an urban - type settlement in the southeast of Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine .
Xatınlı ( also , Khatunly and Khatynly ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ustka ( ˈustka ) ( German : Stolpmünde ; Kashubian Ùskô ) is a town in the Middle Pomerania region of northwestern Poland with 17,100 inhabitants ( 2001 ) .
Central University of Haryana is in Jant - Pali village , Mahendragarh district of Haryana , India , which is set up in 500 acres ( 2.0 km2 ) , has been established through an Act of Parliament : `` The Central Universities Act , 2009 '' by the Government of India .
The Beth Haim of Ouderkerk aan de Amstel is the oldest Jewish cemetery in the Netherlands .
Puycelsi ( formerly Puycelci ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
The Third Battle of the Isonzo was fought from October 18 through November 3 of 1915 between the armies of Italy and Austria - Hungary .
Oryol or Orel ( Russian : Орёл ; IPA : ( ɐˈrʲɵl ) , lit . eagle ) is a city and the administrative center of Oryol Oblast , Russia , located on the Oka River , approximately 360 kilometers ( 220 mi ) south - southwest of Moscow .
The Ostend Film Festival ( Dutch : Filmfestival Oostende ) is an annual film festival held in Ostend , Belgium .
Kopay Army Base is a military base in Kopay , Sri Lanka .
Anarkul ( Persian : اناركول‎ , also Romanized as Anārkūl ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mountain Designs is an outdoor clothing and accessory store based in Australia .
The Lahore Fort , locally referred to as the Shahi Qila ( Urdu / Punjabi : شاہی قلعہ , Royal Fort ) , is a citadel in the city of Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Paimio ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈpɑimio ) ; Swedish : Pemar ) is a town and municipality of Finland .
Malye Derbety ( Russian : Ма́лые Дербе́ты ; Kalmyk : Баһ Дөрвд , Bah Dörvd ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Maloderbetovsky District in the Republic of Kalmykia , Russia .
Northeast Normal University ( simplified Chinese : 东北师范大学 ; traditional Chinese : 東北師範大學 ; pinyin : Dōngběi Shīfàn Dàxué ; often abbreviated NENU or 东北师大 ) is one of the six national normal universities in the People 's Republic of China , located in Changchun , Jilin province .
Austvågøy or Austvågøya is the northeasternmost of the larger islands in the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county , Norway .
Ali Heydar ( Persian : علي حيدر‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Ḩeydar ) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Morawy - Wicherki ( mɔˈravɨ viˈxɛrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pavliani ( Greek : Παύλιανη ) is a village on Mount Oeta , and a former community in Phthiotis , Greece .
Szilasliget is a town in Hungary , near Budapest .
GKS Jastrzębie - Zdrój ( Polish pronunciation : ( jasˈtʂɛmbʲɛ ˈzdruj ) ) is a football club based in Jastrzębie - Zdrój , Poland .
PAF Base Mushaf ( formerly PAF Base Sargodha ) ( IATA : SGI , ICAO : OPSR ) is a Pakistan Air Force airbase located at Sargodha in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Dutch Design is a term used to connote design in the Netherlands , particularly product design .
Jablonica , ( Hungarian : Jablánc ) is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia .
Ras Baalbek ( Arabic : رأس بعلبك‎ ) is a village in the northern Beqaa Valley in Lebanon .
The Rio Quicombo , also known as the Rio Kikombo , is a river south of Sumbe , Angola and just north of Kikombo in Cuanza Sul Province , Angola .
Kamwangi is a settlement Kiambu County , Kenya , in the former Central Province .
About the Institute Sunraysia Institute of TAFE is a provider of vocational education and training services in North West Victoria , Australia .
The Municipality of Cirkulane ( Slovene : Občina Cirkulane ) a municipality in the Haloze area of Slovenia .
Taluba ( taˈluba ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kunes Chapel ( Norwegian : Kunes kapell ) is a chapel in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Dolno Gradište ( Macedonian : Долно Градиште ) is a village located 6 kilometres north of Kočani , Macedonia , at the base of Mount Osogovo and at the northern coast of Lake Gradče .
Čierne Kľačany is a village and municipality in Zlaté Moravce District of the Nitra Region , of Slovakia .
Hashtpar ( Persian : هشتپر‎ , also known as , Gashpar , Hashtpar - e Tavalesh , Otak Saray , Otāq Sarai , Oţāq Sarāy , and Tālesh ) is a city in and the capital of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Basilica of Notre - Dame d'Alençon ( French : Basilique Notre - Dame d'Alençon ) is a Gothic parish church located in Alençon , Orne , France .
Chenaran ( Persian : چناران‎ ; also Romanized as Chenārān , Chanārān , and Chinārān ) is a city in and the capital of Chenaran County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The University of Taubaté ( in Portuguese ; Universidade de Taubaté ; UNITAU ) is a municipal ( partial city control ) university located in the city of Taubaté , São Paulo state , Brazil .
Koki Arrondissement is an arrondissement of the Louga Department in the Louga Region of Senegal .
Axmed Gaab is a wadi in the northwestern Togdheer region of Somalia .
Gümüşler Monastery is a Byzantine - era underground cave monastery in the city of Gümüşler , Niğde Province , Turkey .
Duraykish District ( Arabic : منطقة دريكيش , translit . : manṭiqat Dreikiche ) is a district of the Tartus Governorate in northwestern Syria .
Rangiahua is a small locality near the Hokianga Harbour in the Northland Region of New Zealand .
Bugna ( Ge'ez ቡግና būgnā , not pronounced `` buña '' ) is a woreda in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Felidhu Atoll is a natural atoll of the Maldives .
Kossuth Lajos square ( Hungarian : Kossuth Lajos tér , formerly Kossuth square Kossuth tér ) is situated in the Lipótváros neighbourhood of Budapest , Hungary , on the bank of the Danube .
Dostyk ( Kazakh : Достық ) or Druzhba ( Russian : Дружба ) is a small town in Kazakhstan 's Almaty Region , on the border with Xinjiang , China .
Odaesan National Park ( Korean : 오대산국립공원 , 五臺山國立公園 ) is located in the province of Gangwon - do , South Korea .
Kiamari Town is represented by Constituency NA-239 in the National Assembly of Pakistan , and by PS-89 and PS-90 in the Provincial Assembly of Sindh .
Bridgetown ( metropolitan pop . 110,000 ( 2014 ) ) is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados .
Tolombeh - ye Seyyed Reza Aminayi ( Persian : تلمبه سيدرضاامينائي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Seyyed Rez̤ā Āmīnāyī ; also known as Sa``īdābād ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 46 , in 9 families .
Promkombinat ( Russian : Промкомбинат ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of two settlements , in addition to Chapchylgan , in Chapchylgansky Rural Okrug of Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Dournazac ( Occitan : Dornasac ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France .
Teruel ( Spanish pronunciation : ( teˈɾwel ) ) is a town in Aragon , located in eastern Spain , and is also the capital of Teruel Province .
Lahmar ( Arabic : اﻻﺣﻤﺮ‎ ) is a town and commune , and capital of Lahmar District , in Béchar Province , western Algeria .
Oum El Bouaghi ( Arabic : أم البواقي‎ ; Tifinagh : ) is a municipality in Algeria .
Shirin Su ( Persian : شيرين سو‎ , Azerbaijani : Şirin Su , also Romanized as Shīrīn Sū and Shīrīn Soo ; also known as Shīrūnsū ) is a city in and capital of Shirin Su District , in Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ghassoul ( Arabic : غسول ) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province , Algeria .
Domecelle is a village in the municipality of San Xoán de Río in Ourense in the Galicia region of north - west Spain .
Lafiteau , also called Carrefour Lafiteau , is a small industrial port town , about nine miles north of the capital , Port - au - Prince , in the commune of Cabaret in the Republic of Haiti .
Pedaspea is a village in Kuusalu Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia , on the territory of Lahemaa National Park .
Guayabo National Monument is a national monument in the Central Volcanic Conservation Area in the Cartago Province of Costa Rica that covers the largest archaeological site in the country .
The Xinyang East Railway Station ( Chinese : 信阳东站 ) is a railway station of Shiwu Passenger Railway that located in People 's Republic of China .
Pir Katpar railway station ( Urdu : پیر کاٹپر ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pir Katpar village , Khairpur District of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Sarakhampittayakhom School ( Thai : โรงเรียนสารคามพิทยาคม ) is a public secondary school in Thailand .
Banar - e Vajel ( Persian : بنارواجل‎ , also Romanized as Banār - e Vājel ; also known as Vājel ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Old Port of Montreal ( French : Vieux - Port de Montréal ) is the historic port of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Mount Silali is a dormant volcano in the Gregory Rift Valley , near to Kapedo , Kenya .
Castrillo de Cabrera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kasˈtɾiʎo ðe kaˈβɾeɾa ) ) , Castriellu de Cabreira in Leonese language , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Sletterhage Lighthouse is located in Denmark on the southern tip of the Djursland peninsula protruding into the Kattegat between Denmark and Sweden at the entrance to the Baltic Sea .
Josvainiai is a small town in Kėdainiai district , central Lithuania .
Gerakan Nelajan Marhaenis ( ' Marhaenist Fishermen 's Movement ' ) was an organization of fishermen in Indonesia , linked to the Indonesian Nationalist Party ( PNI ) .
Nicolas Baudin Island Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Nicolas Baudin Island which is located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south of Streaky Bay .
Mocra ( Ukrainian : Мокра ; Russian : Мокра ) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Mürren is a traditional Walser mountain village in Bernese Oberland , Switzerland , at an elevation of 1,650 m ( 5,413 ft . ) above sea level and unreachable by public road .
Santa Maria di Canepanova is a Renaissance church in Pavia , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Norbrook is an upscale neighbourhood of the Kingston Metropolitan Area of Jamaica , with approximately 15,000 residents and is an important residential , shopping and commercial centre of the city itself .
Smiltene parish ( Latvian : Smiltenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Valka District , Latvia .
Space Place at Carter Observatory stands at the top of the Botanic Gardens in Wellington , New Zealand .
Pheona ( Hindi : फ़ीना , Urdu : فینہ ) , or Fina ( which is also the correct pronunciation ) , is a town in the northwestern Rohilkhand ( रोहेलखंड , روہیلکھنڈ ) region of Uttar Pradesh state of India .
`` Sayaun Thunga Phool Ka '' ( Nepali : सयौं थुँगा फूलका `` Made of Hundreds of Flowers '' ) is the national anthem of Nepal .
Liceo Agrícola El Carmen de San Fernando ( English : El Carmen Agricultural High School from San Fernando ) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando , Colchagua Province , Chile .
Altia Business Park is a high tech industrial park located in San Pedro Sula adjacent to the Central American Technological University , Honduras .
Autosan A0808MN Sancity is a low - entry city bus produced from the autumn of 2008 to mid-2009 in Sanok in Poland by Autosan .
Sabonga is a town of about 10,000 people in Niger .
Rosenau Church ( German : Rosenauer Kirche ; Russian : Кирха Розенау ) is a church in Kaliningrad , Russia .
Neervely is a village located in Jaffna , Sri Lanka .
Timișoara Nord railway station is the main railway station in Timișoara , Romania .
Istgah - e Balarud ( Persian : ایستگاه بالارود‎ , also Romanized as Īstgāh - e Bālārūd and Īstgāh - e Bālā Rūd ; also known as Bālārūd ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hrastovlje ( pronounced ( xɾaˈstoːu̯ljɛ ) ; Italian : Cristoglie ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Andrews Railway Station was a station on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand .
Bistrica ob Sotli ( pronounced ( ˈbiːstɾitsa ɔp ˈsoːtli ) ) is a settlement in eastern Slovenia .
Narayanganj Bar Academy ( Bengali : নারায়ণগঞ্জ বার একাডেমী ) is a Bangladeshi all - boys public school located in Narayanganj Sadar , Bangladesh , primarily for the primary , lower - secondary , and secondary level education for the children of Narayanganj Bar Council members stationed in Narayanganj Sadar ; and some pupils come from the civilian sector .
Kota Pagatan ( other names : Pagattan / Pegattan ) is a town located in the regency of Kusan Hilir , Tanah Bumbu , Tanah Bumbu , Kalimantan Selatan province , Indonesia .
Ertuğrul Gazi Mosque or Ärtogrul Gazy Mosque is a mosque in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
Ilercavonia ( Catalan : Ilercavònia , Spanish : Ilercavonia ) is an ancient comarca of Spain formerly populated by the ancient Iberian tribe known as Ilercavones .
Solarpark Meuro is a 166 megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic power station located in Meuro and Schipkau , Germany .
Zaltbommel ( Dutch pronunciation : ( zɑldˈbɔməl ) ) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands .
Moldevatnet ( Lake Molde ) is the main reservoir and water supply for the city of Molde in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Bragg Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Rocky Mountains , in Alberta , Canada , at the eastern edge of Kananaskis Country .
Mauga is a village in Savai'i island in Samoa .
The Hildesheim Treasure , unearthed on October 17 , 1868 in Hildesheim , Germany , is the largest collection of Roman silver found outside imperial frontiers .
Kwaggaskloof Dam is a dam on the Wabooms River , near Worcester , Western Cape , South Africa .
Monte Zebrù ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmonte dzeˈbru ) ) is a mountain of the Ortler Alps in Lombardy , Italy .
Corbillos de los Oteros ( Spanish pronunciation : ( korˈβiʎoz ðe los oˈteɾos ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Mokówko ( mɔˈkufkɔ ) ( German : Mockerhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kopaczyska ( kɔpaˈt͡ʂɨska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Strugi Krasnye ( Russian : Стру́ги Кра́сные ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Strugo - Krasnensky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia , located 87 kilometers ( 54 mi ) northeast of Pskov .
Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College ( SREC ) is an autonomous Engineering college in India .
The Rio del Rey ( also called Rio del Ray ) is a drainage basin / watershed / estuary located in West Africa within Equatorial Guinea and Cameroon .
Neikuppai is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district , India .
Virrat ( Swedish : Virdois ) is a town and municipality of Finland .
Midoun ( Arabic : ميدون‎ Mīdūn ) is a town and commune in the Médenine Governorate , Tunisia , located on the north east of Djerba .
Gorbitz is a district or Stadtteil in south - west Dresden , Germany .
Kara - Debe , or Karadebe is a village in the Chuy District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Tyszki - Łabno ( ˈtɨʂki ˈwabnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Trstice ( Hungarian : Nádszeg ) is a large village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
Gmina Uniejów is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Yusefabad - e Bam ( Persian : يوسف ابادبم‎ , also Romanized as Yūsefābād - e Bam ; also known as Bam ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Releasing Eskimo was a small record label in Sweden .
Lomnice nad Popelkou is a town in the Czech Republic , in the Liberec region .
Kościuszko Mound ( Polish : kopiec Kościuszki ) in Kraków , Poland , erected by Cracovians in commemoration of the Polish national leader Tadeusz Kościuszko , is an artificial mound modeled after Kraków 's prehistoric mounds of Krak and Wanda .
Bewoor contributed many heroes for freedom of India .
The Alingar River ( also Alingâr ) is a river in eastern Afghanistan .
The Belgian Women 's First Division ( Dutch : Eerste Klasse , French : Division I ) is the second highest women 's football league of Belgium .
Babin - Olędry ( ˈbabin ɔˈlɛndrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Avče ( pronounced ( ˈaːu̯tʃɛ ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Patriarch Evtimiy Square ( Bulgarian : площад `` Патриарх Евтимий '' , ploshtad `` Patriarh Evtimiy '' ) , more popularly known as Popa ( Попа , `` The Priest '' ) , is a small urban square and a busy intersection in the centre of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria .
The Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival ( Hangul : 부천국제판타스틱영화제 ) , or BiFan , is an international film festival held annually in July in Bucheon , South Korea .
Deh - e Seyf ( Persian : ده سيف‎ , also Romanized as Deh Saif and Deh Seyf ; also known as Seyf ) is a village in Takab Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bahías de Huatulco International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional de Bahías de Huatulco ) ( IATA : HUX , ICAO : MMBT ) is an international airport located at Huatulco , in the state of Oaxaca on Mexico .
The Virgin of Candelaria or Our Lady of Candelaria ( Virgen de Candelaria , Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria ) , popularly called La Morenita , celebrates the Virgin Mary on the island of Tenerife , one of the Canary Islands ( Spain ) .
Ustica ( Sicilian : Ùstica ) is the name of a small island , about 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) across , situated 52 kilometres ( 32 mi ) north of Capo Gallo , Italy in the Tyrrhenian Sea .
Falvashan ( Persian : فالوشن‎ , also Romanized as Fālvāshan ) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Silajāņi parish ( Latvian : Silajāņu pagasts , Latgalian : Solujuoņu pogosts ) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality , Latvia .
Paris Métro Line 7bis is the second shortest line of the metro operating in Paris , France .
Sohray Zareheh ( Persian : صحرائ زرهه‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrāy Zareheh ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Vä is a former town in Scania , now a village in the municipality of Kristianstad in Sweden , ca 5 km south west of the town of Kristianstad .
Tuori is a frazione of Civitella in Val di Chiana in the province of Arezzo , Tuscany , Italy .
Bad Doberan ( German pronunciation : ( baːt dobəˈʁaːn ) ) is a town in the district of Rostock , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Ralph Thornton Community Centre is a community centre that forms the centre of the Leslieville / South Riverdale neighbourhood of Toronto , Canada .
Bosljiva Loka ( pronounced ( bɔˈsljiːʋa ˈloːka ) ; German : Wosail ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
The Circuit Jules Tacheny Mettet is a 3.418-mile ( 5.503 km ) motor racing circuit in Mettet , Belgium .
German submarine U-522 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft ( yard ) in Hamburg as yard number 337 on 9 July 1941 , launched on 1 April 1942 and commissioned on 11 June with Kapitänleutnant Herbert Schneider in command .
Ingdalen Chapel ( Norwegian : Ingdalen kapell ) is a church in the municipality of Agdenes in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Anash and the Legacy of the Sun - Rock is a half hour children 's show produced by Panacea Entertainment for the Aboriginal Peoples Television Network , an aboriginal television network in Canada .
Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering ( SSNCE ) , popularly known as SSN , is an engineering institution located in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Hartbeespoort , informally also known as `` Harties '' , is a small resort town in the North West Province of South Africa , situated on slopes of the Magaliesberg mountain and the banks of the Hartbeespoort Dam .
The 1988 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les XVes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) , was a Winter Olympics multi - sport event celebrated in and around Calgary , Alberta , Canada between February 13 and 28 , 1988 .
Burdhubo ( Somali : Buurdhuubo ) is a town in the southern Gedo region of Somalia .
Podmolnik ( pronounced ( pɔdmɔu̯ˈniːk ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Kariz Now - e Sofla ( Persian : كاريزنوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kārīz Now - e Soflá ; also known as Kārīz Now ) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bad Rippoldsau - Schapbach is a municipality in the district of Freudenstadt in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
The Finance Sector Union of Australia is an Australian white collar trade union formed from the amalgamation of various smaller unions drawn from the banking , insurance , trustee , broking , and general finance industries .
Bodešče ( pronounced ( bɔˈdɛːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a village on the left bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Chindia Tower ( Romanian : Turnul Chindiei ) is a tower in the Curtea Domnească monuments ensemble in Târgovişte , Romania , built in the 15th century .
Åkrestrømmen is a village in Rendalen municipality , Norway .
Pacasmayo is a city in Northern Peru , in the Pacasmayo province , La Libertad Region .
Kolonia Łopiennik ( kɔˈlɔɲa wɔˈpjɛnnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Frei Church ( Norwegian : Frei kirke ) is a parish church in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Shurok - e Tupkanlu ( Persian : شورك توپكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Shūrok - e Tūpkānlū and Shūrak - e Tūpkānlū ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Sonai River was a river in the North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal , India .
Jakubany ( Rusyn : Якубяны , Yakubyany ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Santa Terezinha de Goiás is a municipality in north Goiás state , Brazil .
Chah Pir ( Persian : چاه پير‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Pīr , Chāh - e Pīr , and Chāh - i - Pīr ; also known as Shāh Pīr ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Gare de Metz - Ville is the main railway station serving the city of Metz , capital of Lorraine , France .
Garraveh - ye Esmail ( Persian : گراوه اسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Garrāveh - ye Esmāʿīl ; also known as Garāveh , Garāwa , and Garrāveh - ye Yek ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District ( Kermanshah Province ) , in the Central District of Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ortnek Castle ( Slovene : Ortneški grad ) , also known as the Old Castle ( Stari grad ) , is a 12th - century castle ruin in the vicinity of the town of Ribnica , Slovenia .
Beko'a ( Hebrew : בְּקוֹעַ , lit . Splitting ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Hrkovce ( Hungarian : Gyerk ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Killarney ( Killarney Mountain Lodge ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKY4 ) , is located adjacent to the town of Killarney , Ontario , Canada .
The Oasi Zegna is a natural area in the Province of Biella , Piedmont , Italy .
Shahrak - e Chebd ( Persian : شهرك چبد‎ ; also known as Chebd ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Cape Pallarenda Conservation Park is a protected conservation park located 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) north - east of Townsville in the Far North region of Queensland , Australia .
Husainyyat is a village in the north of Jordan , lying between Ajlun and Jerash .
Atsimo - Atsinanana ( South East ) is a region in Madagascar .
Arndale Centres were the first `` American - style '' malls to be built in the United Kingdom .
Alt St. Johann is a village in the Toggenburg region , since 2010 part of the municipality Wildhaus - Alt St . Johann in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland ( the former municipalities of Alt St. Johann and Wildhaus merged on 1 January 2010 ) .
Yixiu District ( simplified Chinese : 宜秀区 ; traditional Chinese : 宜秀區 ; pinyin : Yíxiù Qū ) is a district in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , under the jurisdiction of Anqing City .
As of 2011 India census , Sanguem had a population of 6444 of which 3162 were males and 3282 females with female sex ratio of 1038 against state average of 973 .
Poznań ( ( ˈpɔznaɲ ) ; German : Posen , known also by other historical names ) is a city on the Warta river in west - central Poland , in Greater Poland region .
`` Bangpakok Wittayakom School '' ( Thai : โรงเรียนบางปะกอกวิทยาคม ) is a public school located in Bangkok , Thailand .
Khasbek ( Persian : خسبك‎ ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
FELDA New Zealand or Kampung New Zealand is a FELDA settlement in Pahang , Malaysia .
Swiss German University ( SGU ) is a privately sponsored university and located at BSD City , Java , Indonesia .
The River Blackwater ( Irish : An Uisce Dubh ) , also called the Kells Blackwater or Leinster Blackwater , is a river that flows through the counties of Cavan and Meath in Ireland .
Holwierde ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦɔlʋirdə ) ; Gronings : Holwier ) is a village in the municipality of Delfzijl in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands .
Sar Dul Nesarvand ( Persian : سردول نساروند‎ , also Romanized as Sar Dūl Nesārvand ) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Helsinki Motor Show ( HMS ) is an annual national car show in Helsinki , Finland .
The Popinolashki waterfall ( Bulgarian : Попинолъшки водопад , Popinolashki vodopad ) is a waterfall in the Bulgaria 's Pirin mountain .
The Leeum , Samsung Museum of Art is a museum in Hannam - dong , Yongsan - gu , Seoul , South Korea , run by the Samsung Foundation of Culture .
Sierra de María - Los Vélez Natural Park ( Parque Natural de Sierra de María - Los Vélez ) is a natural park of Spain .
Prithvi Theatres was founded in 1942 , by Prithviraj Kapoor , as a travelling troupe with 150 members , which staged productions across India .
Øravíkarlíð or Líðin is a village on the island Suðuroy , Faroe Islands .
Great Barrier Island lies in the outer Hauraki Gulf , New Zealand , 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) north - east of central Auckland .
The Bahamas Maritime Authority ( BMA ) is an authority that registers vessels in the Bahamas and enforces safety standards on Bahamian - registered craft .
The Ontario Soccer Association ( The OSA ) was founded in 1901 and is one of the oldest and largest sport organizations in Canada .
Angarf or Angaref is a small town in Ouarzazate Province , in the Souss - Massa - Drâa region of Morocco .
The New Delhi Kali Bari ( Bengali : নতুন দিল্লী কালীবাড়ি , Hindi : नई दिल्ली कालीबाड़ी ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Goddess Kali and the center for Bengali culture in New Delhi , India .
Dobrelji ( Serbian Cyrillic : Добрељи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Podanur or Podanoor or Pothanur ( Railway Station Code : PTJ)is a neighbourhood in the city of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu , India .
Nanaimo / Quennell Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CBQ9 ) is an aerodrome located on Quennell Lake , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ; 12 mi ) southeast of Nanaimo , British Columbia , Canada .
Mowtowr - e Hasanabad ( Persian : موتورحسن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aopo is a village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
Bilbao - Atxuri Station , commonly known only as Bilbao - Atxuri or Atxuri Station is a terminal station located in the neighborhood of Atxuri , in the district of Ibaiondo in Bilbao , Spain .
Łaszew ( ˈwaʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Port St. Johns ( or Port Saint Johns ) is a town of about 6,500 people on the Wild Coast in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Antananambo or Antanambao is a commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in northern Madagascar .
Kheïr Eddine ( also Hayreddin ) is a town and commune in Mostaganem Province , Algeria .
Jhelum railway station ( Urdu : جہلم ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Jhelum city , Jhelum district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Monza railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Monza ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Monza , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Mills Cross Telescope was a two - dimensional radio telescope built by Bernard Mills in 1954 at the Fleurs field station of the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in the area known now as Badgerys Creek , about 40 km west of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Predappio is a town and comune in the province of Forlì - Cesena , in the region of Emilia - Romagna in Italy , with a population of 6,486 ( 2013 ) .
Cariati ( Greek : Kariates ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
The Kinabatangan River ( Malay : Sungai Kinabatangan ) is a river in Sabah , Malaysia , on the island of Borneo .
The Canadian Secondary School Rowing Association ( CSSRA ) is an organization which governs high school rowing in Canada .
Mazraeh - ye Mehrabi ( Persian : مزرعه مهرابي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mehrābī ) is a village in Arad Rural District , Arad District , Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Ulaangom ( Mongolian : Улаангом , Red Valley ) is the capital of Uvs Province in Mongolia .
Banská Belá ( German : Dilln ; Hungarian : Bélabánya ) is a village and municipality in Banská Štiavnica District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Mauthausen - Gusen concentration camp was the hub of a large group of Nazi concentration camps that was built around the villages of Mauthausen and Sankt Georgen an der Gusen ( Gusen ) in Upper Austria , roughly 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of the city of Linz .
Archimede solar power plant is a concentrated solar power plant at Priolo Gargallo near Syracuse in Sicily , Italy .
Uppala ( Malayalam:ഉപ്പള , Kannada : ಉಪ್ಪಳ ) is a major town in Kasaragod district , Kerala , India .
The Col de la Croix de Chaubouret ( elevation 1,201 metres ( 3,940 ft ) ) is a mountain pass in France , located in the Pilat massif in the Loire .
The Rabigh Dam is a gravity dam on Wadi Rabigh about 35 km ( 22 mi ) east of Rabigh in Makkah Province of western Saudi Arabia .
San Mauro Marchesato is a town with a population of 2002 people in the province of Crotone , in Calabria , Italy .
The People 's Representative Council ( Indonesian : Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat , DPR ) , sometimes referred to as the House of Representatives , is one of two elected national legislative assemblies in Indonesia .
The Home District was one of four districts of the Province of Quebec created in 1788 in the western reaches of the Montreal District and partitioned in 1791 to create the new colony of Upper Canada .
This is a list of the Streets in Oslo , Norway .
Hasanabad - e Abrizeh ( Persian : حسن ابادابريزه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Ābrīzeh ; also known as Hasanābād , Ḩasanābād Porīzan , and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Nerkin Getashen ( Armenian : Ներքին Գետաշեն , also Romanized as Nerk’in Getashen , Nerkin Getachen , and Nerqin Getashen - meaning Lower Getashen ; prior to 1945 , Nerkin Adyaman and Nizhniy Adyaman - both meaning Lower Adyaman ) is a major village located along the southwest coast of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Wiesengrund ( Lower Sorbian Łukojce ) is a municipality in the district of Spree - Neiße , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Theater Kiel is a theatre company in Kiel , the capital of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Michrów ( ˈmixruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tvären is a circular bay close to Studsvik , Sweden .
The Braunschweiger Verkehrs - AG is responsible for public transport in Braunschweig , Germany .
Kalipado ( Greek : Καλιπάδο ) is a settlement on the island of Zakynthos of Greece .
Ukhimath ( akso written Okhimath ) is a pilgrimage site in Rudraprayag district , Uttarakhand , India .
Aswini Hospital is a leading private hospital situated in Thrissur , in the Kerala state of India .
Neckartailfingen is a municipality in Germany , located approximately 20 km ( 12 mi ) south of Stuttgart .
Sumağavaqazma ( also , Sumağava - Qazma and Sumagovakazma ) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Khanpur ( Punjabi خانپور ) is a city and Tehsil of the Rahim Yar Khan District of Bahawalpur Division , in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Karapınar Field is a volcanic field in central Anatolia , Asian Turkey .
Lindeman Island is an island in the Lindeman Group of the Whitsunday Islands off the coast of Queensland , Australia .
The Maungatapu Bridge is a beam bridge which crosses the Tauranga Harbour and connects the Matapihi and Maungatapu peninsulas in New Zealand .
Mavungal is a town in Kerala , India , situated just 3 km away from the city of Kanhangad .
Surama is an Amerindian village in the North Rupununi area and the Upper Takutu - Upper Essequibo Region ( or Region 9 ) of Guyana , with a population of approximately 304 people .
Dalchhut ( Bengali : দলছুট ) is a band from Bangladesh .
Sydney Olympic Park Athletic Centre is a multi - use stadium in Sydney Olympic Park , Australia .
Holy Innocents Children 's Hospital ( HICH ) , is a pediatric general hospital in the Western Region in Uganda .
RCAF Station Marville ( also known as 1(F ) Wing or 1 Wing ) was a Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) station located near Marville in the Meuse department , Lorraine , northeastern France .
Administradora Coahuilense de Infraestructura y Transporte Aéreo ( ACITA ) is the operator of four airports in the State of Coahuila , Mexico .
The Roman Campagna ( Italian : campagna romana ) , or just Campagna , is a low - lying area surrounding Rome in the Lazio region of central Italy , with an area of approximately 2,100 square kilometres ( 810 sq mi ) .
A Mezquita is a municipality in the Ourense province in the Galicia region of northwest Spain .
Měšice Castle is situated in Tábor , Southern Bohemia , Czech Republic , about 2 km from the `` Tábor Infocenter '' along the Chýnov - Pelhřimov road .
The Sultan Abdul Samad Mosque or KLIA Mosque is a mosque near Kuala Lumpur International Airport ( KLIA ) at Sepang , Selangor , Malaysia .
The 2002 Dudley earthquake struck the West Midlands of United Kingdom on 22 September at 23:53 UTC ( 23 September , 00:53 local time ) .
The Jardins des Martels ( 3.5 hectares ) is a commercial botanical garden and flower park located in Giroussens , Tarn , Midi - Pyrénées , France .
Məşədiibişli ( also , Məşədi Ibişli ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Qehi ( Persian : قهي‎ , also Romanized as Qehī ; also known as Kehi and Pāi ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District , Jolgeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Morrinsville is a provincial town in the Waikato region of New Zealand 's North Island , with a population of approximately 7,000 .
Plaza Inter is a shopping center in Managua , Nicaragua , developed and operated by the taiwanese company Nica Eastern Development , Inc. The shopping center is home to 65 stores , a food court , a supermarket and a movie theater .
The Private Career Training Institutions Agency ( PCTIA ) is the provincial regulatory body of British Columbia , Canada responsible for accrediting private post - secondary institutions and ensuring minimum standards of quality and consumer protection .
The Abbey of Saint - Florent de Saumur , Saumur Les Saint - Florent or Saint - Florent - le - Jeune is a Benedictine abbey in Anjou founded in the 11th century near Saumur , France .
The St. Peters Canal is a small shipping canal located in eastern Canada on Cape Breton Island .
Zafarraya is a municipality in the province of Granada , Spain , with a population of 2,200 ( 2003 ) .
Moran 's Oyster Cottage is a seafood restaurant and pub located at The Weir , Kilcolgan , in County Galway , Ireland , close to the village of Clarinbridge , and ten miles south of Galway City .
The Mississauga IceDogs are a former junior ice hockey team in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Antoing Castle ( French : Château d'Antoing ) is one of Belgium 's most original and well - known castles , situated in Antoing in Hainaut .
The Goðafoss ( Icelandic : waterfall of the gods or waterfall of the goði ) is one of the most spectacular waterfalls in Iceland .
Ostřešany ( until 1923 named Vostřešany ) is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic , just next to Pardubice .
Claviere was mostly destroyed during World War II . After the conflict , the boundary between France and Italy was moved so that it divided the village in two .
Nītaure parish ( Latvian : Nītaures pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality , Latvia .
Odense Municipality , ( Danish : Odense Kommune ) is a Danish municipality ( kommune ) in Region of Southern Denmark on the island of Funen in central Denmark .
Anjir is a village in Afghanistan , about seven miles south of Chayab .
Unlike the Victory Fund , however , due to Canada 's differing laws around election finance Proud Politics does not offer direct fundraising for candidates .
Kartuzy ( karˈtuzɨ ) ( Kashubian / Pomeranian : Kartuzë ; German : Karthaus ) is a town in the historic Eastern Pomerania ( Pomerelia ) region of northwestern Poland .
The Gaststätte Röhrl ( Röhrl restaurant ) is a restaurant with beer garden in Eilsbrunn in the district of Regensburg ( Germany ) .
The Drancy internment camp was an assembly and detention camp for confining Jews who were later deported to the extermination camps during the German military administration of Occupied France during World War II . It was located in Drancy , a northeastern suburb of Paris , France .
The Swiss Path is the name given to a special national path in central Switzerland opened in 1991 .
Government House , Wellington is the official residence of the Governor - General of New Zealand , the representative of the New Zealand head of state Queen Elizabeth II . Its current residents are Jerry Mateparae , who has been Governor General since March 2011 , and his spouse .
Praitori , also Pretori ( Greek : Πραιτώρι ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 2 km north of Kedares .
Borievo ( Macedonian : Бориево ) is a village in the Bosilovo Municipality of Macedonia .
Kongola is a village and the district capital of the Kongola Constituency in Namibia 's Caprivi Strip .
Coonabarabran Airport ( IATA : COJ , ICAO : YCBB ) is a small airport located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) south of Coonabarabran , New South Wales , Australia .
Andhra Loyola College ( ALC or locally `` Loyola College '' ) is a Jesuit educational institution in Andhra Pradesh , India , founded on 9 December 1953 .
The Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics ( German : Max - Planck - Institut für Immunobiologie und Epigenetik ) in Freiburg , Germany is an interdisciplinary research institute that conducts basic research in modern immunobiology and developmental biology .
Buzi - ye Seyf ( Persian : بوزي سيف‎ , also Romanized as Būzī - ye Seyf ; also known as Bozīyeh , Būz , Būzī , and Buzīyeh ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Club Atlético Chaco For Ever , usually just Chaco For Ever , is an Argentine Football club , their home town is Resistencia , in the Province of Chaco in Northern Argentina .
Hamelin ( /ˈhæməlɨn/ or /ˈhæmlɨn/ ; German : Hameln ) is a town on the river Weser in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Mouloud is a town located in the southern Dikhil region of Djibouti .
Christ the Redeemer of the Andes ( Spanish : Cristo Redentor de los Andes ) is a monument high in the Andes at 3,832 metres ( 12,572 ft ) above mean sea level on the border between Argentina and Chile .
Penrose Island Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located on the north side of the entrance to Rivers Inlet , 86 km north of Port Hardy at the south end of Fitz Hugh Sound .
Lavabon ( Persian : لوابن‎ , also Romanized as Lavābon ) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Babhulwade ( Marathi : बाभुळवाडे ) , is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Lac Sébastien Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CTD3 ) , is located 2 nanometres ( 7.9×10−8 in ) north of Saint - David - de - Falardeau on Lac Sébastien , Quebec , Canada and is open from May until October .
Poseidonia ( Greek : Ποσειδωνία ) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Syros , in the Cyclades , Greece .
Lu'an ( Chinese : 六安 ; pinyin : Lù'ān ) , is a prefecture - level city in western Anhui province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Henan to the northwest and Hubei to the southwest .
Villarluengo is a municipality at the heart of the mountainous Maestrazgo comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
The Arboretum national des Barres ( 35 hectares ) is a national arboretum located in Nogent - sur - Vernisson , Loiret , Centre , France .
Comprising an area of just 0.845 hectares ( 2.09 acres ) , La Romanée is the smallest Grand Cru in Burgundy and the smallest AOC in France .
Nova Crnja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нова Црња ; Hungarian : Magyarcsernye , pronounced ( ˈmɒɟɒrt͡ʃɛrɲɛ ) ; German : Neuzerne ) is a village and municipality in Central Banat District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
The Matapédia railway station is located on rue MacDonnell in the village of Matapédia , Quebec , Canada .
Ngulu Atoll is a coral atoll of three islands in the Caroline Islands in the Pacific Ocean , and forms a legislative district in Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Isenburg - Meerholz ( or Ysenburg - Büdingen - Meerholz ) was a County of southern Hesse , Germany .
The El Nuweiba mine is a large mine located in the northern part of Egypt in South Sinai Governorate .
Sayenjeq ( Persian : ساينجق‎ , also Romanized as Sāyenjeq ; also known as Sārīnjeq and Sāyenjīq ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bulutan ( also , Blut’an and Pletants ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wilgersdorf is a village in the district Siegen - Wittgenstein in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Aga Khan Palace was built by Sultan Muhammed Shah Aga Khan III in Pune , India .
Melipeuco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( meliˈpeuko ) ) is a town and commune ( Spanish : comuna ) in Chile , located at the foot of the Andes , in the Province of Cautín , Araucanía Region .
Songdhammakalyani Monastery ( Thai : ทรงธรรมกัลยาณีภิกษุณีอาราม ; rtgs : Songthamkanlayani Phiksuni Aram ) is a temple and monastery of Bhikkhuni in Nakhon Pathom , Thailand .
Alcudia de Veo ( Catalan : L'Alcúdia de Veo ) is a town in eastern Spain , in the province of Castellón , part of the autonomous community of Valencia , on the northern side of the Serra d'Espadàn .
Massawa , also known as Mitsiwa , Miṣṣiwa ) , Batsiʿ , is a city on the Red Sea coast of Eritrea located at the northern end of the Gulf of Zula beside the Dahlak Archipelago .
The Aérotrain was a hovertrain developed in France from 1965 to 1977 .
Stjørdalshalsen ( also known as Stjørdal or Halsen ) is a town and the administrative centre of the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Lake Urmia ( Persian : دریاچه ارومیه‎‎ , Daryāche - ye Orūmiye ; Azerbaijani : اورمیا ﮔﺆﻟﻮ , Urmiya gölü ) is an endorheic salt lake in Iranian Azerbaijan , Iran and near Iran 's border with Turkey .
Warta Poznań ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvarta ˈpɔznaɲ ) ) is a multi - sports club based in Poznań , Poland .
Qoxmuq ( also , Kokhmukh ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bartın Province ( Turkish : Bartın ili ) , a small province in northern Turkey on the Black Sea , surrounds the city of Bartın .
Koivusaari ( Swedish : Björkholmen ) is an island and a district of Helsinki , Finland .
German submarine U-530 was a Type IXC/40 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft in Hamburg on 8 December 1941 as yard number 345 , launched on 28 July 1942 and commissioned on 14 October 1942 with Kapitänleutnant Kurt Lange in command .
Shahdara , is a geographical region in the city of Delhi , India , situated on the banks of Yamuna river .
Presbyterian High School ( Simplified Chinese : 长老会中学 ) is a government - aided co - ed missionary secondary school in Ang Mo Kio , Singapore .
The Geno Biosphere Reserve , with a total area of 27,500 hectares , situated in the Hormozgan province of Iran .
Laguna Blanca National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Laguna Blanca ) is a National Park in the west of the province of Neuquén , Argentina , close to the town of Zapala .
Te Matua Ngahere is a giant kauri ( Agathis australis ) coniferous tree in the Waipoua Forest of Northland Region , New Zealand .
Bostanabad ( Persian : بستان آباد‎ ; also Romanized as Bostānābād ) is a city in and the capital of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Vama Mică River is a tributary of the Vama Mare river in Romania .
Tranquilandia , ( Tranquility - land ) was the name of the large cocaine processing laboratory located in the jungles of Caquetá , Colombia .
In Canada , the North American Cordillera is usually divided into three physiographic regions : the western system , the interior system , and the eastern system .
Semenyih Dam is one of the Klang Valley major dams in Malaysia .
Limbic Entertainment is a game development company based in Germany .
The Capas National Shrine ( Tagalog : Paggunita Sa Capas ) in Barangay Navy , Capas , Tarlac , Philippines was built by the Philippine government as a memorial to Allied soldiers who died at Camp O'Donnell at the end of the Bataan Death March during the Second World War .
Mosalsk ( Russian : Моса́льск ) is a town and the administrative center of Mosalsky District in Kaluga Oblast , Russia , located 82 kilometers ( 51 mi ) west of Kaluga , the administrative center of the oblast .
Vrhnika ( pronounced ( ˈvəɾxnika ) ; German : Oberlaibach ) is a town in Slovenia .
The Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium or Raipur International Cricket Stadium is a cricket field in the city of Naya Raipur , Chhattisgarh , India .
Jezerce pri Dobjem ( pronounced ( jɛˈzɛːɾtsɛ pɾi ˈdoːbjɛm ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia .
Qələdüz ( also , Qələduz and Kaladyuz ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mexican Federal Highway 180 is a Mexican Federal Highway that follows Mexico 's Gulf and Caribbean Coast from the Mexico - U.S. border at Brownsville , Texas , into Matamoros , Tamaulipas , to the resort city of Cancún , Quintana Roo , in the Yucatán Peninsula .
Pusti Gradec ( pronounced ( ˈpuːsti ˈɡɾaːdəts ) , often Pusti Gradac , German : Oedengraz ) is a small settlement east of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Wapta Falls is a waterfall located in Yoho National Park in British Columbia , Canada .
Esch - sur - Sûre ( Luxembourgish : Esch - Sauer , German : Esch - Sauer ) is a commune and small town in north - western Luxembourg .
Zungoli is a town and comune in Italy in the province of Avellino about 58 kilometres ( 36 mi ) from the town of Avellino , the Chief Town .
Mount Parthenion ( `` Mount of the Virgin '' , modern Greek : Παρθένιο - Parthenio ) is a mountain on the border of Arcadia and Argolis , in the Peloponnese , Greece .
The Department of Railways New South Wales was the agency of the Government of New South Wales that administered rail transport in New South Wales , Australia between 1932 and 1972 .
Afytos ( Greek , Modern : Άφυτος ) is a village in Chalkidiki , northern Greece .
The Museum of Fournier de Naipes ( Spanish : Museo Fournier de Naipes ) is a playing card museum located in Vitoria , Spain .
Sørlandet Hospital Kristiansand ( Norwegian : Sørlandet Sykehus Kristiansand ) is located in Kristiansand , Vest - Agder County in Norway , and is one of the three public hospitals whithin the Hospital of Southern Norway and is a regional hospital .
Helsingør Gymnasium ( In English : Elsinore High School ) is a high school in Elsinore , Denmark .
Alzey - Worms ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaltsaɪˈvɔʁms ) ) is a district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Naseh - ye Mur - e Gham ( Persian : نسه مورغم‎ , also Romanized as Naseh - ye Mūr - e Gham ; also known as Naseh ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Camp de Túria ( Spanish : Campo de Turia ) is a comarca in the province of Valencia , Valencian Community , Spain .
The Lochy River is a river of New Zealand , flowing into lower Lake Wakatipu .
The Khyber Pass ( Pashto : د خیبر درہ‎ , Urdu : در خیبر‎ ) ( elevation : 1,070 m or 3,510 ft ) is a mountain pass connecting Afghanistan and Pakistan , cutting through the northeastern part of the Spin Ghar mountains .
The Fellowship of Congregational Churches is a conservative Congregational denomination in Australia .
The Turkmen Carpet Museum or the National Carpet Museum is a national museum , situated on 5 Gorogly Street in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
Rosbaram ( Persian : رسبرم‎ ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lingzhi Gewog ( Dzongkha : གླིང་གཞི་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Thimphu District , Bhutan .
Keramia ( Greek : Κεραμιά , Δήμος Κεραμιών ) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Alger républicain ( Republican Algeria , الجزائر الجمهورية ) is a Arabic language Algerian newspaper published in Algeria .
Borg El Arab Stadium is a stadium commissioned in 2006 in the Mediterranean Sea resort of Borg el Arab ; 25 km west of Alexandria , Egypt .
Helsingborg Municipality ( Helsingborgs kommun ) is a municipality in Skåne County in Sweden .
Avalon University School of Medicine ( AUSOM ) ( previously Xavier University School of Medicine in Bonaire ) is a for - profit medical school located in Willemstad , Curaçao , in the Caribbean .
Õru is a small borough ( alevik ) in Valga County , southern Estonia .
Machara ( Georgian : მაჭარა ; Russian : Мачара ) is a village in the Gulripshi District of Abkhazia , Georgia .
Couture - Saint - Germain is a village and section of the municipality of Lasne , Walloon Brabant , Belgium .
Wydminy ( vɨdˈminɨ ) ( German Widminnen ) is a village in Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Padarz ( ˈpadaʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Humberto Ghizzo Bortoluzzi Regional Airport ( IATA : JJG , ICAO : SBJA ) , also known as Jaguaruna Regional Airport is the airport serving the city of Jaguaruna and the southern region of Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Q'asaqucha ( Quechua q'asa mountain pass , qucha lake , `` mountain pass lake '' , hispanicized spelling Casacocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region , Huaura Province , Santa Leonor District .
Måøy Chapel ( Norwegian : Måøy kapell ) is a small church on the island of Måøya in the village of Mausund in the municipality of Frøya in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Şadılı ( also , Shadly and Shadyly ) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Manitoba Grain Growers ' Association ( MGGA ) was a farmer 's association that was active in Manitoba , Canada in the first two decades of the 20th century .
Zizzi is a chain of Italian restaurants found across the United Kingdom .
Malestroit ( Breton : Malastred ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Homeart was a kitsch national chain of retail stores with outlets in every state in Australia selling mostly homewares , giftware and electrical products .
Jolgeh Shoqan District ( Persian : بخش جلگه شوقان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
References elsewhere are to the church of St George in Kom Isfaht and to the fact that its name in Roman Egypt was Apollinopolis Heptakomia in the nome , or province , of Apollinopolites Parvus .
Zarqan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زرقان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Johnson 's Harbour is a settlement on the north east coast of East Falkland in the Falkland Islands .
Luleå Airport ( IATA : LLA , ICAO : ESPA ) is located about 5 km south - southeast of Luleå , Sweden , near the village of Kallax .
Kitulgala is a small town in the west of Sri Lanka .
Ambilobe ( amˌbilʷˈbe ) is a city ( French : commune , Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Shouning County ( simplified Chinese : 寿宁县 ; traditional Chinese : 壽寧縣 ; pinyin : Shòuníng Xiàn ; Foochow Romanized : Sêu - nìng - gâing ) is a small county located in the northeast of Fujian province of People 's Republic of China , near the border with Zhejiang province .
Pivara ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пивара ) is one of the municipalities in the city of Kragujevac , Serbia .
Moravské Budějovice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmorafskɛː ˈbuɟɛjovɪt͡sɛ ) ; German : ( Mährisch ) Budwitz ) is a town in Vysočina Region , Czech Republic .
Roma Tuscolana railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Roma Tuscolana ) is a major station serving the city and comune of Rome , Italy .
Krupina ( German : Karpfen , Hungarian : Korpona ) is a town in southern central Slovakia .
Paočići ( Serbian : Паочићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kabargin Oth Group is a group of volcanoes located in Georgia ( South Ossetia ) .
Íþróttafélagið Þór , commonly known as Þór Akureyri , simply Þór or Thór , is a sport club in Akureyri , Iceland .
Khazar - e Yek ( Persian : خزريك‎ , also Romanized as Khaẕar - e Yek and Kheẕer - e Yek ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Svilengrad ( Bulgarian : Свиленград ) is a town in Haskovo Province , South - central Bulgaria , situated at the border of Turkey and Greece .
Cenon - sur - Vienne is a commune in the Vienne department in the Poitou - Charentes region in western France .
The 2010 Salta earthquake occurred on February 27 at 12:45:36 local time in Salta Province , Argentina and had a magnitude of 6.3 .
Cross Lake First Nation ( Cree : Pimicikamāk Nīhithawī `` Cree of the Lake that lies Athwart '' or Nikikonakos `` Otter People '' ) is a band of Cree First Nations people in Canada governed under the Indian Act .
Goldau is a city in the community of Arth , canton of Schwyz , Switzerland .
Bridge Pā is a rural Māori settlement and surrounding area in Hawke 's Bay , New Zealand , located approximately 10 kilometres inland from Hastings .
Marsaxlokk Ground is a football pitch in Marsaxlokk , a traditional fishing village located in the south - eastern part of Malta .
Karol Bagh , also spelled as Qarol Bagh ( Hindi : क़रोल बाग़ , Punjabi : ਕ਼ਰੋਲ ਬਾਗ਼ , Urdu : قرول باغ‎ , pronounced ( qəroːl baːɣ ) ) , is a mixed residential - cum - commercial neighbourhood in Delhi , India , known for its shopping streets , like the Ghaffar Market and Ajmal Khan Road .
Kalbali ( Persian : كلبعلي‎ , also Romanized as Kalb``alī ; also known as Kalbī and Kalvī ) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 11 families .
The Ontario English Catholic Teachers ' Association ( OECTA ) is an organization that represents teachers in publicly funded Roman Catholic schools in Ontario , Canada .
Aldershvile slotspark ia public park in Bagsværd , Gladsaxe Municipality , situated on the south side of Bagsværd Lake in the northwestern suburbs of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Leivonmäki National Park ( Finnish : Leivonmäen kansallispuisto ) is a national park in Central Finland .
Côtes de Duras is an Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée ( AOC ) for red and white wines in South West France .
Nguludi is a village in southeastern Malawi , several kilometres east of Limbe and Blantyre .
Finike , the ancient Phoenicus ( Ancient Greek : Φοινικοῦς ) , also formerly Phineka , is a district on the Mediterranean coast of Antalya Province in Turkey , to the west of the city of Antalya , along the Turkish Riviera .
Central Zagori ( Greek : Κεντρικό Ζαγόρι ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Cheeranchira is a suburb of Changanasserry town , Kerala State in India .
The Castillo de San Julián , also known as Saint Julian 's Fort , is a fort in Cartagena , Spain .
Kanjiramattom in Ernakualm District , Kerala , India is a suburban area of the City of Kochi , Kerala , India , lying approx 25 km southeast to the City of Kochi .
Mahandri is a village in the Kaghan Valley in the Mansehra District of Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Vatolaivy is a small village in Arivonimamo , west of Antananarivo , Madagascar .
Central University of Finance and Economics ( CUFE ) was founded in 1949 , shortly after the founding of the People 's Republic of China .
Migdal Afek ( Hebrew : מגדל אפק‎ ) , also Migdal Tsedek ( Hebrew : מגדל צדק‎ ) , is a national park near Rosh HaAyin , Israel .
Niva International School ( Niva IS ) is a privately owned coeducational school located in Bang Kapi District , Bangkok , Thailand .
German submarine U-2511 was a Type XXI U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The Elektroboote submarine was laid down on 7 July 1944 at the Blohm & Voss yard at Hamburg , launched on 2 September 1944 , and commissioned on 29 September 1944 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Adalbert Schnee .
The Sassalb ( also known as Sassalbo ) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps , located in Graubünden , Switzerland .
Caraz is a town in the Caraz District in the southeastern part of Huaylas Province of the Ancash Region in Peru .
The Buddhist Association of China ( BCA ; simplified Chinese : 中国佛教协会 ; traditional Chinese : 中國佛教協會 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Fójiào Xiéhuì ) is a major organization of Chinese Buddhism , which serves as the official supervisory organ of Buddhism in the People 's Republic of China .
Hambantota ( Sinhalese : හම්බන්තොට , Tamil : அம்பாந்தோட்டை ) is the main town in Hambantota District , Southern Province , Sri Lanka .
Padise Abbey ( Estonian : Padise klooster ) was a former Cistercian monastery in Padise in Harju County , Estonia , settled in 1310 by the dispossessed monks of Dünamünde Abbey in Latvia .
Machanlu ( Persian : ماچانلو‎ , also Romanized as Māchānlū ) is a village in Padena - ye Olya Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dinder National Park is a national park and biosphere reserve in eastern Sudan , on the Sudanese border with Ethiopia .
Sońsk ( sɔɲsk ) is a village in Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rastede Castle ( German : Schloss Rastede ) is a castle at Rastede near Oldenburg , Germany .
Stare Koluszki ( ˈstarɛ kɔˈluʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Rupat is an island in the Strait of Malacca , and forms part of Bengkalis Regency within Riau Province of Indonesia .
Taboadela is a small municipality in the Province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north - west Spain .
Cobar Airport ( IATA : CAZ , ICAO : YCBA ) is an airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) southwest of Cobar , a town in New South Wales , Australia .
Chahar Farsakh ( Persian : چهارفرسخ‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Farsakh and Chehār Farsakh ; also known as Chahār Farsang and Chehār Farsang ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bardaleh ( Persian : بردله‎ ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mareeba Airfield ( IATA : MRG , ICAO : YMBA ) is an airfield located 4.3 nautical miles ( 8.0 km ; 4.9 mi ) south of Mareeba , Queensland , Australia .
The Beaune coach crash occurred on 31 July 1982 on the French A6 motorway near Beaune , in the Côte - d’Or département of east - central France .
Vrtlište ( Cyrillic : Вртлиште ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mannekensvere is a small rural village in Belgium , located in the Polder region .
Guemar Airport is the airport for El Oued , Algeria ( IATA : ELU , ICAO : DAUO ) .
Gunzwil was a municipality within the district of Sursee , in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland .
Marčana ( Italian : Marzana ) is a village and municipality in the southern part of Istria , Croatia , 15 km northeast of Pula ; elevation 170 m. Chief occupation is farming .
Trongisvágsfjørður is a fjord on the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands .
Wąsosz Dolny ( ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
José María Córdova International Airport ( IATA : MDE , ICAO : SKRG ) is the second largest airport in Colombia after El Dorado International Airport of Bogotá in terms of infrastructure and passenger service .
Järfälla HC is an icehockey club from Järfälla , Stockholm , Sweden .
Baoding Railway Station ( Chinese : 保定站 ) is a railway station located in Hebei Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Dennery River is the river on the southern end of the fishing village of Dennery on the island of Saint Lucia .
Ilesa ( Yoruba : Iléṣà ) is a city located in the Osun State , south west Nigeria ; it is also the name of a historic state ( also known as Ijesha or Ijesa ) centered on that city .
CJFO - FM ( branded as Unique FM ) is a radio station which broadcasts a francophone community radio format on the frequency 94.5 FM / MHz in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Zhiguli Hydroelectric Station or Zhigulyovskaya Hydroelectric Station ( Russian : Жигулёвская ГЭС , Zhigulyovskaya GES ) , formerly known as Kuybyshev Hydroelectric Station ( Kuybyshev GES ) is a large dam and hydroelectric station on the Volga River , located near Zhigulyovsk and Tolyatti in Samara Oblast of Russia .
The Münchner Haus on Germany 's highest mountain , the Zugspitze , is an Alpine Club hut belonging to the Munich Section of the German Alpine Club ( DAV ) .
The Shops Bill 1986 was a parliamentary bill in the United Kingdom that would have ended government regulation of Sunday shopping in England and Wales .
Bono - dong ( Hangul : 본오동 ; hanja : 本五洞 ) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok - gu , Ansan , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Haßberge Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Haßberge ) is a park of 804 km2 ( 310 sq mi ) located in the north east of Franconian Keuperland in Bavaria , Germany .
Utøya ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈʉːtœʏɑ ) ) is an island in the Tyrifjorden lake in Hole municipality , in the county of Buskerud , Norway .
Cotechino Modena or Cotechino di Modena ( koteˈkiːno di ˈmɔːdena ) ( spelled cotecchino or coteghino in some major dialects , but not in Italian ) is a fresh sausage made from pork , fatback , and pork rind , and comes from Modena , Italy , where it has PGI status .
Łężkowice ( wɛ̃ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłaj , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Villach ( German pronunciation : /ˈfɪlax/ ; Slovene : Beljak , Italian : Villaco , Friulian : Vilac ) is the seventh - largest city in Austria and the second - largest in the federal state of Carinthia .
The Fort du Scex is a component of Fortress Saint - Maurice , which is in turn one of the three principal fortified regions of the National Redoubt of Switzerland .
Monjas is a municipality in the Jalapa department of Guatemala , approximately 50 miles from Guatemala City , Guatemala .
Axtaxana ( also , Akhtakhana ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Bremen Cotton Exchange ( German : Bremer Baumwollbörse ) was built in 1902 on the market square in Bremen , Germany , to house the offices of the city 's cotton exchange founded in 1872 .
Plomodiern ( Breton : Ploudiern ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
The Wreck is a surf spot located at Byron Bay , New South Wales , Australia .
Barrio San Pedro Pescador is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina , located on the thin coastal levee of the Paraná River .
The Gulf of Tonkin ( Vietnamese : Vịnh Bắc Bộ , simplified Chinese : 北部湾 ; traditional Chinese : 北部灣 ; pinyin : Běibù Wān ) is a body of water located off the coast of northern Vietnam and southern China .
Seh Gor ( Persian : سه گر‎ ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Changizah ( Persian : چنگيزه‎ , also Romanized as Changīzah ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Tongeren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɔŋərə(n ) ) , French : Tongres ( tɔ̃gʁ ) , German : Tongern ( ˈtɔŋɐn ) ) is a city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg , in the southeastern corner of the Flemish region of Belgium .
Glen Eden Intermediate School is a state Co - Educational Intermediate school located just north of Titirangi in the small suburb of Kaurilands in Auckland , New Zealand .
Vézelay Abbey ( French : Abbaye Sainte - Marie - Madeleine de Vézelay ) was a Benedictine and Cluniac monastery in Vézelay in the Yonne department in northern Burgundy , France .
Saidu Sharif Airport ( IATA : SDT , ICAO : OPSS ) is an airport in Pakistan .
Monte Soratte ( ancient : Soracte ) is a mountain ridge in the province of Rome , Italy .
Coracora ( in hispanicized spelling ) or Qura Qura ( Quechua qura herbaceous plant , the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something , `` a complex of herbaceous plants '' ) is a town in central Peru , and it is the capital of the Parinacochas Province in the Ayacucho Region .
Pechenizhyn ( Ukrainian : Печеніжин , Polish : Peczeniżyn , Yiddish : פעטשיניזשן‎ ) is an urban - type settlement in Kolomyia Raion , Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine , 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) west of Kolomyya .
Vindö is a large , fairly densely populated island in Stockholm County , Svealand , Sweden , in the Stockholm archipelago , between Värmdö and Kanholmsfjärden .
Narasaraopet ( Assembly constituency ) is a constituency of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly , India .
The 1626 Naples earthquake struck Naples , Italy on July 30 .
The High Speed Rail ( Preparation ) Act 2013 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom which allows expenditure on essential preparatory work , including construction design , on Phase One and Phase Two of HS2 and all future phases of a high speed rail network .
The Bakery , Confectionery , Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers ' International Union ( BCTGM ) is a labor union in the United States and Canada primarily representing workers in the food processing industry .
Leros Municipal Airport ( Greek : Δημοτικός Αερολιμένας Λέρου , Dimotikós Aeroliménas Lérou ) ( IATA : LRS , ICAO : LGLE ) is an airport serving the island of Leros in Greece .
Balrothery ( Irish : Baile an Ridire ) is a village located in Fingal , Ireland .
Scheienkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria , although the summit is in Austria , in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2,159 metres ( 7,083 ft ) .
Tambolaka is the capital of the Southwest Sumba Regency , Sumba , East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia .
Solstad Church ( Norwegian : Solstad kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county , Norway .
Bobital ( Breton : Bowidel , Gallo : Bobitau ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in north - western France .
Koné Airport ( IATA : KNQ , ICAO : NWWD ) is an airport serving Koné , a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia ( French : Nouvelle - Calédonie ) , an overseas territory ( territoire d'outre - mer ) of France in the Pacific Ocean .
The Sognsvann Line ( Norwegian : Sognsvannsbanen ) is a rapid transit line on the Oslo Metro of Norway .
The Universidad Intercontinental ( commonly known as UIC ; in English : Intercontinental University ) is a private Catholic University , located in Mexico City .
Akbar Sara ( Persian : اكبرسرا‎ , also Romanized as Akbar Sarā and Akbarsarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Spanien Public Baths ( Danish : Badeanstalten Spanien ) , colloquially known simply as Spanien , is a public bath house and a listed building in Aarhus , Denmark .
Ecoparc Windhof ( Luxembourgish : Wandhaff ) is a village in the south of the commune of Koerich in south - western Luxembourg .
The Mwenezi River starts up in south central Zimbabwe and flows south - east along what is known as the Mwenezi River Valley that bisects the district into two sectors .
Qawah is a small fishing village in Lahij Governorate on the south coast of Yemen , about 60 kilometres west of Aden , and one of the southernmost points of the Arabia .
Kodungoor Devi Temple is a famous temple located at Kodungoor , Kerala , India .
Miniyeh ( Arabic : المنية‎ , French : Minieh ) is the capital of the Miniyeh - Danniyeh District in North Governorate of Lebanon .
Baba Gandha Singh Public School , or BGS Barnala , is a school in Barnala , Punjab , India .
Hijan ( Persian : هيجان‎ , also Romanized as Hījān ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Les Avenières - Veyrins - Thuellin is a commune in the Isère department of southeastern France .
Malaysia refers to part of the Ambalat block as Block ND6 ( formerly Block Y ) and part of East Ambalat Block as Block ND7 ( formerly Block Z ) .
Bagh - e Bahadoran ( Persian : باغ بهادران‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Bahādorān and Bāgh - e Bahāderān ; also known as Bāgh Bādārān , Bāgh - e Bāderān , and Bahādorān ) is a city in and the capital of Bagh - e Bahadoran District , in Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Ridi Viharaya ( Sinhalese : රිදී විහාරය ) or Silver Temple is a 2nd - century BCE Theravada Buddhist temple in the village of Ridigama , Sri Lanka .
The National Leader was a newspaper published in Brisbane , Australia from 1916 - 1918 .
The Canadian Auto Workers ( CAW ; formally the National Automobile , Aerospace , Transportation and General Workers Union of Canada ) was one of Canada 's largest and highest profile labour unions .
Kfar Tavor ( Hebrew : כְּפַר תַּבוֹר , Arabic : كفر تافور‎ ) is a village in the Lower Galilee region of Northern Israel , at the foot of Mount Tabor .
The city of Limpio ( formerly known as Tapúa ) is located in the Central Department , Paraguay .
Barbarówka ( barbaˈrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Aurelin ( auˈrɛlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Santa Venera is a town in the Central Region of Malta , with a population of around 6,932 ( March 2014 ) .
The Biga River ( Turkish : Biga Çayı ) is a small river or large creek in Çanakkale Province in northwestern Turkey .
Calatafimi - Segesta ( Sicilian : Calatafimi - Seggesta ) is a small town , more popularly known simply as Calatafimi , in the Province of Trapani , in Sicily , southern Italy .
Ghisonaccia Alzitone Airport ( ICAO : LFKG ) is an airport in France , located 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) north of Ghisonaccia in the Haute - Corse department , approximately 335 km ( 208 mi ) southeast of Corte on Corsica .
Ayem is a small town in central western Gabon .
Westering High School is a co - ed high school in Westering , Port Elizabeth , South Africa catering for English - speaking students from grade 8 to 12 .
Kotupna is a small locality in northern Victoria , Australia in the local government area of the Shire of Moira .
The Information Tribunal was a tribunal non - departmental public body in the United Kingdom .
Cheshmeh Sheykh ( Persian : چشمه شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Chashmeh Sheykh ; also known as Chasmeh Sheykh ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chiriguaná ( Spanish pronunciation : ( tʃiɾiɣwaˈna ) ) is a city and municipality in the Department of Cesar , Colombia .
Italian Week business and corporate partners include over the six years the Treasury Casino , Commonwealth Bank of Australia , Marriott Hotel , Sofitel Brisbane Central , Di Bella Coffee , Elio Moda , Vittoria Coffee and many more .
Sudbury / Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNB8 ) , was located adjacent to Lake Ramsey in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
Psary Wielkie ( ˈpsarɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Feldkamp Abbau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lastage is a neighbourhood in the Centrum district of Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .
Alfrick Pound is a small village in the county of Worcestershire , England , in the United Kingdom .
Marmora and Lake is a township municipality in Hastings County in Central Ontario , Canada .
Meghauli Airport ( IATA : MEY , ICAO : VNMG ) is an airport serving Meghauli , a village in the Chitwan district of the Narayani zone in southern Nepal .
The Capilano Review ( TCR ) is a Canadian tri - annual literary magazine located and published in North Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and is based at the North Vancouver campus of Capilano University .
Haraba ( Ukrainian : Гараба ; Russian : Гараба ) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Yekleh ( Persian : يكله‎ ) is a village in Jeyhun Dasht Rural District , Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ma'agalim ( Hebrew : מַעְגָלִים , lit . Paths ) is a national - religious communal settlement in southern Israel .
The Finger Plan ( Danish : Fingerplanen ) is an urban plan from 1947 which provides a strategy for the development of the Copenhagen metropolitan area , Denmark .
Dublin Mosque is a mosque on the South Circular Road , Dublin in Ireland .
Sơn La Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Black River in Ít Ong , Mường La District , Sơn La Province , Vietnam .
Dangram Sangota ( Pashto : ،دنګرام سنګوټه ) is an administrative unit , known as Union council in Tehsil Babuzai , or Wards of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Taman Ria is a very small residential area located near Plentong and Permas Jaya , Johor , Malaysia .
Boryeonsan is a mountain in the city of Chungju , Chungcheongbuk - do in South Korea .
Lake Magog is a freshwater lake located in the Estrie region of Quebec , Canada .
Duzaj ( Persian : دوزج‎ , also Romanized as Dūzaj ) is a village in Duzaj Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Müdrəsə ( also , Mədrəsə , Müdrusə , Myudresa , and Myudryuse ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Vitebsk or Vitsebsk ( Belarusian : Ві́цебск , Łacinka : Viciebsk , pronounced ( ˈvʲitsʲepsk ) ; Russian : Ви́тебск , pronounced ( ˈvʲitʲɪpsk ) ; Polish : Witebsk , Yiddish : וויטעבסק‎ ) , is a city in Belarus .
The Jeddah Regional Museum of Archaeology and Ethnography is a major museum in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
Mtevandidi is an indigenous red grape variety from the region of Guria in the country of Georgia , primarily used for producing table wine .
The Malacca Stamp Museum ( Malay : Muzium Setem Melaka ) is a postal museum in Malacca City , Malacca , Malaysia .
Wakenaam is an island of about 17.5 square miles ( 45 km2 ) at the mouth of the Essequibo River of Guyana .
Jamabad ( Persian : جام اباد‎ , also Romanized as Jāmābād and Jamābād ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Saruq District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Manduyog Hill is a religious sanctuary located at the Aklan State University , Banga , Aklan , the Philippines .
Nereo Cave ( Italian : Grotta di Nereo ; Catalan : Cova de Nereu ) is a huge underwater sea - cave situated on the north - west of Sardinia in the Coral riviera of Alghero , Italy .
Tlokweng is a village located directly adjacent to the capital of Botswana , Gaborone , in the South - East District .
Kamaran Island ( Arabic : كمران‎ Kamarān ) is the largest Yemen - controlled island in the Red Sea .
Lake Bolsena ( Italian : Lago di Bolsena ) is a crater lake of central Italy , of volcanic origin , which began to collect 370,000 years ago following the formation of a caldera in the Vulsini volcanic complex .
Onarheimsvatnet or Opsangervatnet is a lake in the municipality of Kvinnherad in Hordaland county , Norway .
Dalen Hotel is a historic hotel in Dalen in the municipality of Tokke in Telemark county , Norway .
Sincanboyat ( also , Sincanboyad , Bayat - Sindzhap and Sindzhanboyat ) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Spray Valley Provincial Park is a provincial park located east of the Rocky Mountains , along the Spray River in western Alberta , Canada .
Villa Paz S.A. is an urban fragment adjoined to the city of La Paz in the Canelones Department , southern Uruguay .
Staffarda Abbey ( Santa Maria di Staffarda ) is a Cistercian monastery located near Saluzzo in north - west Italy ; it was founded as a daughter house of Tiglieto Abbey in 1135 by Manfred I , Marquis of Saluzzo .
Kylling Bridge ( Norwegian : Kylling bru ) is a railway bridge in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Germany 's Bundesstraßen network has a total length of about 40,000 km . German Bundesstraßen are labelled with rectangular yellow signs with black numerals , as opposed to the white - on - blue markers of the Autobahn controlled - access highways .
Zonda wind ( in Spanish , viento zonda ) is a regional term for the foehn wind that often occurs on the eastern slope of the Andes , in Argentina .
Puerto El Triunfo is a municipality in the Usulután department of El Salvador Beginning as a coffee trade port , Puerto El triunfo was founded in 1875 as a need for the exportation of the coffee industry in northern Usulután .
Affoltern District ( also known as Kronaueramt or Säuliamt ) is one of the twelve districts of the German - speaking canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
Węgój ( ˈvɛnɡui̯ ) ( German : Wengoyen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Exploits Valley ( Botwood ) Airport ( TC LID : CCP2 ) is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) west southwest of Botwood , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Messini ( Greek : Μεσσήνη ) is a municipal unit ( dimotiki enotita ) and seat ( edra ) of the municipality ( dimos ) of Messini within the regional unit ( perifereiaki enotita ) of Messenia in the region ( perifereia ) of Peloponnese , one of 13 regions into which Greece has been divided .
The Pipeline Authority Act 1973 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia .
Liternum was an ancient town of Campania , Italy , on the low sandy coast between Cumae and the mouth of the Volturnus .
Bucharest ( /ˈbjuːkərɛst/ ; Romanian : București , pronounced ( bukuˈreʃtʲ ) ) is the capital and largest city of Romania , as well as its cultural , industrial , and financial centre .
The Bucșa River or Bărbulețu River is a headwater of the Bângăleasa River in Romania .
Mogotón is a mountain in the Reserva Nacional Cordillera Dipilto y Jalapa on the border of Nicaragua and Honduras .
Bến Súc was a village in Dầu Tiếng District that was evacuated then systematically destroyed in January 1967 , Operation Cedar Falls , during the Vietnam War .
Starobashirovo ( Russian : Старобаширово , Bashkir : Иҫке Бәшир ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Chekmagushevsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Spodnji Razbor ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnji ˈɾaːzbɔɾ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Rinka Falls ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːŋka ) ; Slovene : slap Rinka ) is a waterfall in the Logar Valley , in the Municipality of Solčava in northern Slovenia .
Metro Instituto del Petróleo is a station along Line 5 and Line 6 of the metro of Mexico City serving the Colonia Valle del Tepeyac , Colonia San Bartolo Atepehuapan , and Colonia Nueva Industrial districts of the Gustavo A. Madero delegation of Mexico City .
Stražgonjca ( pronounced ( stɾaʒˈɡoːntsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia .
Bergen Heliport , Nygårdstangen ( ICAO : ENBG ; Norwegian : Bergen helikopterplass , Nygårdstangen ) was a heliport situated at Nygårdstangen on the shore of Store Lungegårdsvannet in Bergen , Norway .
Nový Bydžov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnoviː ˈbɪdʒof ) ; German : Neubidschow ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Yanping Township ( Chinese : 延平鄉 ; pinyin : Yánpíng Xiāng ) is a mountain indigenous township in Taitung County , Taiwan .
Altay Airport ( Chinese : 阿勒泰机场 ; pinyin : Ālètài Jīchǎng ) ( IATA : AAT , ICAO : ZWAT ) is an airport serving Altay , a city in the autonomous region of Xinjiang in the People 's Republic of China .
The Church of the Risen Lord is a Protestant church located at the University of the Philippines campus in Diliman , Quezon City , Philippines .
In addition to several production facilities in Germany , the ABUS Group operates around 20 foreign branches in Europe , the USA and China .
Prague 8 is a municipal district ( městská část ) in Prague , Czech Republic .
Madiun Regency is a Regency in East Java province , Indonesia .
Mandrem ( Konkani : मांद्रें ) is a coastal village famous as a tourist spot in North Goa district of Goa state in India .
The Slutsk Affair refers to the massacre of thousands of Jews and others that occurred in Slutsk , Belarus in the Soviet Union , in October 1941 , near the city of Minsk while under German occupation during World War II . The perpetrators were a combination of Gestapo special forces and Lithuanian allies of the Third Reich .
Dowgur ( Persian : دوگور‎ , also Romanized as Dowgūr and Dugur ; also known as Dogūr ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Mahdia Museum is a museum in Tunisia specialising in Tunisian archaeology and heritage .
Kolonia Kąty ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkɔntɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
A luta continua ( in English : the struggle continues ) was the rallying cry of the FRELIMO movement during Mozambique 's war for independence .
Sylhet Agricultural University ( Bengali : সিলেট কৃষি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) is a government - financed public university in Sylhet , Bangladesh .
The Frankfurt Zoological Garden is the zoo of Frankfurt , Germany .
Vyškov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɪʃkof ) ; German : Wischau ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Zinab ( Persian : زيناب‎ , also Romanized as Zīnāb ) is a village in Sis Rural District , in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sengkang Community Club ( Simplified Chinese : 盛港社区中心 ) is an amenity centre in Sengkang , within the North - East Region of Singapore .
The Lionel Wendt Art Centre is a major art centre and theatre in Colombo , Sri Lanka , dedicated to the memory of Sri Lankan photographic artist Lionel Wendt .
Wenji Gefersa ( also transliterated Wenji , Wonji ) is a town in central Ethiopia .
Kowslar ( Persian : كوسلر‎ , also Romanized as Kows̄lar and Kūs̄lar ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Sharqi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Royal Oak Intermediate School is an intermediate school in Auckland , New Zealand .
Male Lese ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɛ ˈleːsɛ ) ; German : Kleinlesse ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Atkamba Airport ( IATA : ABP ) is an airport serving Atkamba , in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea .
The Gayatri River rises in Panchaganga temple in old Mahabaleshwar and is a tributary of the Krishna River in western Maharashtra , India .
Morin Lake is a small lake northwest of Prince Albert , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Saint - Baraing is a village and commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne - Franche - Comté region in eastern France .
Kukup is a small fishing village in Pontian District , Johor , Malaysia .
Solovki Airport ( IATA : CSH , ICAO : ULAS ) is an airport in Russia on the Solovetsky Islands .
Dubiecko ( duˈbjɛt͡skɔ ) ( Yiddish : דיבעצק‎ Dubetzk ) is a village in Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in southeastern Poland .
Polyarnye Zori ( Russian : Поля́рные Зо́ри , lit . polar dawns ) is a town in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Niva River , Lake Imandra , and Lake Pinozero , 224 kilometers ( 139 mi ) south of Murmansk .
Kafch ( Persian : كافچ‎ , also Romanized as Kāfch ; also known as Gerīcheh , Kadcheh , Kāfj , and Kedcheh ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , Bala Velayat District , Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Taghum , originally Williams Siding , is an unincorporated community and railway point on the north side of the west arm of Kootenay Lake in the West Kootenay region of the southeastern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
New Julfa Armenian Cemetery is a historical cemetery near New Julfa Armenian quarter of Isfahan , Iran .
Uspenka ( Ukrainian : Успенка ) is an urban - type settlement in Lutuhyne Raion , a part of Luhansk Oblast within Ukraine .
Takal is the biggest village of Kallar Syedan Tehsil in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab , Pakistan .
Kogalu River is a waterway on the eastern coast of Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Siglufjörður Airport or Siglufjordur Airport ( IATA : SIJ , ICAO : BISI ) is an airport serving Siglufjörður , Iceland .
Köhlbrand is an anabranch of the Unterelbe river in the Port of Hamburg , Germany .
Tygerberg Hospital is a tertiary hospital located in Bellville , Cape Town , South Africa .
Bayijuq ( Persian : بايجوق‎ , also Romanized as Bāyījūq ; also known as Bārījūq ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bunbury Regional Prison is a multi - security prison located in College Grove , a southern suburb of Bunbury , Western Australia .
Santo Antônio do Paraíso ( Portuguese meaning `` Saint Anthony of paradise '' ) is a municipality of the state of Paraná , Brazil .
Cathedral Church of the Redemption in New Delhi , also known as the Viceroy Church , is among the most beautiful and magnificent churches in India .
Varaqi ( Persian : ورقي‎ , also Romanized as Varaqī ) is a village in Zavarom Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Głogów ( ˈɡwɔɡuf ) ( German : Glogau , rarely Groß - Glogau , Czech : Hlohov ) is a town in southwestern Poland .
London Tool Library ( LTL ) is a tool library based in London , Ontario , Canada .
Acquapendente Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Acquapendente , Basilica Cattedrale di San Sepolcro ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , dedicated to the Holy Sepulchre , in the town of Acquapendente in Lazio , Italy .
The 2015 Veikkausliiga was the eighty - fifth season of top - tier football in Finland .
Żebry - Wiatraki ( ˈʐɛbrɨ vjaˈtraki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Haleji Lake ( Urdu : ہالیجی جھیل‎ ) is located in Thatta District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Chichuran ( Persian : چي چوران‎‎ , also Romanized as Chīchūrān ) is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Oijärvi is a medium - sized lake of northern Finland in the Kuivajoki main catchment area .
Maori Hill is a residential suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin .
The Municipality of Hajdina ( Slovene : Občina Hajdina ) is a small municipality on the right bank of the Drava River near Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia .
Rozhanovce is a village in Košice - okolie District of eastern Slovakia .
Dusit Thani College ( DTC ) ( Thai : วิทยาลัยดุสิตธานี ) is a private college in Bangkok , Thailand specializing in hospitality management .
Astras ( Greek : Αστράς ) is a small mountain village of Elis , West Greece , Greece and belongs according to recent local government reform , with the name Callicrates , since 1/1/2011 to the municipal unit of Lampeia , along with Lampeia and Oreini .
The Northwestern Cycleway ( sometimes also referred to as the North West or Northwestern Cycle Route ) is a 12 km mostly off - road cycle route connecting the Auckland CBD in Auckland City with Henderson , Waitakere City in New Zealand .
The Nur - Astana Mosque ( Kazakh : Нұр-Астана мешіті , Nur - Astana meşiti ) , is a mosque located in the city of Astana , the capital of Kazakhstan .
The Bataan Provincial Expressway , also known as the Bataan Provincial Highway or the Roman Superhighway , is a toll two - lane expressway that connects Bataan to the provinces of the Central Luzon region in the Philippines .
Taverne di Corciano is a frazione in Corciano , Umbria , Italy .
The Cerros de Escazú is a mountain range in San José Province , central Costa Rica .
Sougéal ( Breton : Sulial , Gallo : Soujau ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Kulathoor Phanamugham Devi Temple is an ancient temple which is located in the Trivandrum District , in south India .
Kirribilli House is the secondary official residence of the Prime Minister of Australia .
Umuomaku is a town in Orumba South Local Government Area of Anambra State , Nigeria It presently consist of four villages in this order Umunambu , Okpebe , Umuokpurukpu and Umungada .
105.7 FM Broadview , Saskatchewan is a new radio station , which will broadcast a First Nations community radio programing on the frequency of 105.7 MHz / FM in Broadview , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Kitsissuarsuit ( old spelling : Kitsigsuarssuit ) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland .
The Nevado del Quindío is an inactive volcano located in the Central Cordillera of the Andes in central Colombia .
Lambom Island is an island off the southwestern corner of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea , off Lambom .
The Annapurna Conservation Area is Nepal 's largest protected area covering 7,629 km2 ( 2,946 sq mi ) in the Annapurna range of the Himalayas across the Manang , Mustang , Kaski , Myagdi , and Lamjung districts .
Coronel Oviedo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( koɾonel oˈβjeðo ) ) is a city in east - central Paraguay .
Sumay - ye Beradust District ( Persian : بخش صومای برادوست‎ ; also Romanized as Sumay Baradust and Somay Baradoost ; in Kurdish : Somay Brados ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dassa I is an arrondissement in the Collines department of Benin .
Guča ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гуча , pronounced ( ɡûtʃa ) ) is a small town in Serbia .
Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach ( officially known as Aeschlen ) was a municipality in the district of Konolfingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Dubai Motor City is a property development in Dubai , United Arab Emirates by Union Properties ( a UAE based property development company ) .
Desierto de Atacama Airport ( IATA : CPO , ICAO : SCAT ) is an airport 50 km ( 31 mi ) west of Copiapó , Chile .
Santa Verna is a megalithic site in Xagħra on the island of Gozo , Malta .
Bro Hof Slott Golf Club is a golf course located in Upplands - Bro , Sweden , northwest of the capital Stockholm .
The Palacio de las Garzas ( Herons ' Palace ) is the governmental office and residence of the President of Panama .
The Hôtel Perrinet de Jars is a listed hôtel particulier in Paris , France .
Burnie High School is a public , co - educational , high school , located in Cooee , a suburb of Burnie , Tasmania , Australia .
Dashti County ( Persian : شهرستان دشتی‎ ) is one of the nine counties ( shahrestans ) in Bushehr Province , Iran .
Balaju ( Persian : بالاجو‎ , also Romanized as Bālājū ; also known as Bālājūn ) is a village in Doruneh Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Point Penmarc'h , often spelled Point Penmarch , or in French Pointe de Penmarc'h , is the extremity of a small peninsula in Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France , and the northern limit of the Bay of Biscay .
Barkhan ( Urdu : بارکھان‎ ) is the capital city of the Barkhan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
The Historical Association aims to provide the best possible resources and support for history teachers in the United Kingdom , as well as providing Online Continuing Professional Development courses .
Patan Durbar Square is situated at the centre of the city of Lalitpur in Nepal .
Egerszólát is a small village in Heves county , in the north - eastern part of Hungary , west of Eger .
The Church of Our Lady of Dolours , Wadala is a Roman Catholic church in Mumbai , India built in 1853 .
Daraj ( Persian : دارج‎ , also Romanized as Darāj , Dārej , Dārij , and Darej ; also known as Dāraj Bālā ) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Place Ville Marie ( PVM for short ) is a large office and shopping complex in central Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Aseh ( Persian : اسه‎ , also Romanized as Āseh ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Baath Dam ( Arabic : سد البعث‎ , literally dam of the resurrection ) is a dam on the Euphrates , located 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) upstream from the city of Ar - Raqqah in Ar - Raqqah Governorate , Syria .
The Maloti Mountains , also spelled Maluti ( Afrikaans : Malutiberge ) , are a mountain range of the highlands of the Kingdom of Lesotho .
Peary Land is a peninsula in northern Greenland , extending into the Arctic Ocean .
Wydmuchy ( vɨdˈmuxɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mostyska ( Ukrainian : Мостиська , Polish : Mościska ) is a city in Lviv Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Kautokeino Church ( Norwegian : Kautokeino kirke ) is a parish church in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
TSF Jazz , previously known as TSF 89.9 , is a radio station based at Paris ( France ) created in 1999 and owned by Nova Press .
Mutur - e Mansurabad ( Persian : موتورمنصوراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mūtūr - e Manṣūrābād ) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Valera is a city in Trujillo State in Venezuela , situated between the rivers Momboy and Motatán .
Bochum Observatory , often known in Bochum as Cape Kaminski ( German : Kap Kaminski ) is a research institute in Bochum , Nordrhein - Westfalen , Germany .
Ruapuke Island is one of the southernmost islands in New Zealand 's main chain of islands .
Kileler ( Greek : Κιλελέρ ) is a village and a municipality in the regional unit of Larissa in Greece .
Fardalen is a valley stretching northwest from the village of Øvre Årdal in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Mae Charim National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่จริม ) , also known as Mae Jarim , is a protected area in the Luang Prabang Range , Nan Province , Northern Thailand .
Civico Museo di Storia Naturale di Trieste is a natural history museum in Trieste , northern Italy .
The Royal Mint is the body permitted to manufacture , or mint , the coins of the United Kingdom .
Zaveri Bazaar ( Marathi : झवेरी बाजार ) is a jewelry market and a major hub for B2B jewelry industry in Mumbai , India .
UTS Haberfield Rowing Club in Sydney , Australia was formed as Haberfield Rowing Club in 1925 .
Bodzanowice ( bɔd͡zanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Botzanowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Château de Chevron is a redesigned and remodelled castle in the commune of Mercury in the Savoie département of France .
Amelia Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Amelia , Cattedrale di Santa Firmina ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Amelia in the province of Terni , Umbria , Italy .
Kar - Tukulti - Ninurta ( modern Tulul ul Aqar in Salah al - Din Governorate , Iraq ) was a new cult center for Ashur and perhaps a new capital city founded by the Assyrian king Tukulti - Ninurta I ( about 1243 - -1207 BC ) just north of Assur .
Qolteq Shah ( Persian : قلتقشاه‎ , also Romanized as Qolteq Shāh ; also known as Qūltūq Shāh ) is a village in Esfarjan Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Alishan Station ( Chinese : 阿里山車站 ; pinyin : Ālǐshān Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Alishan Township , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
The Bicol State College of Applied Sciences and Technology ( BISCAST ) is a public State college , Nonsectarian in the Philippines .
Col du Grand Colombier ( el . 1,501 metres or 4,925 feet ) is a mountain pass in the Jura mountains in France .
Lake Débo is a lake in the central part of Mali , formed by the seasonal flooding of the Niger River basin .
The Montjuïc Communications Tower ( Catalan : Torre de Comunicacions de Montjuïc , IPA : ( ˈtorə ðə kumunikəsiˈonz ðə muɲʒuˈik ) ) , popularly known as Torre Calatrava and Torre Telefónica , is a telecommunication tower in the Montjuïc neighborhood of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Al - Mitras ( Arabic : المتراس‎ , also spelled Mtrass ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located southeast of Tartus .
Grudzeń - Kolonia ( ˈɡrud͡zɛɲ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The University Hospital of Basel ( German : Universitätsspital Basel , USB ) , in Basel , is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland .
Inverell Airport ( IATA : IVR , ICAO : YIVL ) is an airport located approximately 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) south of Inverell , New South Wales , Australia .
Vrhek ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾxɛk ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in east central Slovenia .
Šator is a mountain in the Dinaric Alps , in the western regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Zhovhe Dam is a reservoir on the Mzingwane River , Zimbabwe with a capacity of 133 million cubic metres .
Galleh Behi ( Persian : گله بهي‎ , also Romanized as Galleh Behī ; also known as Gol - e Behī ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vikebygd Church ( Norwegian : Vikebygd kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Çarxaçu ( also , Charkhachu and Dzharkhachy ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nowdan ( Persian : نودان‎ , also Romanized as Nowdān and Naudān ) is a city in and the capital of Kuhmareh District , in Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
In 1806 , during the French occupation of Italy , a commune named San Salvador was established here , which later received the current name of Susegana .
Juja Deh - e Arateh ( Persian : جوجاده ارطه‎ , also Romanized as Jūjā Deh - e Araţeh ) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zirik ( also , Zizik ) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Tremp Formation is a geological formation in Huesca , Spain whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous , when the area was low - lying wetlands .
Lambert Road Baptist Church is an evangelical church located in the suburb of Morningside , in Durban , South Africa .
The Ciolanu Monastery is a monastery of Eastern Orthodox monks , located in the Tisău commune , Buzău County , Romania .
The Orang National Park ( Pron : ɒˈræŋ or ɒˈrɑ : ŋ ) , located on the north bank of the Brahmaputra River in the Darrang and Sonitpur districts of Assam , India , covers an area of 78.81 square kilometres ( 30.43 sq mi ) .
Tomawa ( tɔˈmava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The plant Matricaria discoidea ( Pineapple weed , wild Chamomile ) , a native of North America , appeared in 1861 along the Canal des Ardennes and then from 1880 to 1895 in the North of France .
Rajaji Hall , previously known as the Banqueting Hall , Madras , is a public hall in the city of Chennai , India used for social functions .
Sangiran is an archaeological excavation site in Java in Indonesia .
Piran ( Italian : Pirano ) is a town in southwestern Slovenia on the Gulf of Piran on the Adriatic Sea .
Gornji Črnci ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnji ˈtʃəɾntsi ) ; Hungarian : Királyszék , Prekmurje Slovene : Gorenji Črnci , German : Konradsdorf ) is a village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Firebase Pedro ( also known as Landing Zone Pedro ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) firebase southwest of Quảng Trị in central Vietnam .
Near by Bangarmau `` Sanchan Kot '' , a place of historical importance , where recently Archaeological Survey of India excavated a 2000 years old `` Shiv Temple '' .
Pista de Atletismo Darwin Piñeirúa is an athletic stadium in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Qombovan ( Persian : قمبوان‎ , also Romanized as Qombovān , Qambovān , and Qombavān ; also known as Ghombasvan , Kombon , Kūmāon , and Qumboān ) is a village in Qombovan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Sevazhayr ( Armenian : Սևաժայռ ) , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
The Port of Caen , Port de Caen , is the harbour and port authority of the Norman city of Caen , France .
Dar - e Murin - e Seh ( Persian : درمورين 3‎ , also Romanized as Dar - e Mūrīn - e Seh ; also known as Dar - e Mūrīn ) is a village in Javar Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
London Wall was the defensive wall first built by the Romans around Londinium , their strategically important port town on the River Thames in what is now the United Kingdom , and subsequently maintained until the 18th century .
Karaidel ( Russian : Караидель ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Karaidelsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia , located on the Ufa River .
Varsity College is a P-12 college located in Varsity Lakes , Queensland , Australia .
San Luis de la Loma is a town in the municipality of Tecpán de Galeana in the state of Guerrero , Mexico .
Okrúhle ( Rusyn : Округле , Hungarian : Kerekrét ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
The Bermudian dollar ( symbol : $ ; code : BMD ; also abbreviated BD$ ) is the official currency of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda .
Tal - e Khaki ( Persian : تل خاكي‎ , also Romanized as Tal - e Khākī ) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Severo - Evensk Airport ( IATA : SWV , ICAO : UHMW ) is an airport serving and located 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) northwest of Evensk in Severo - Evensky District , Magadan Oblast , Russia .
Khnusik ( Armenian : Խնուսիկ ) , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Ambatoboeny is a town in north - western Madagascar in Boeny Region .
Koya Dam ( Japanese : 古谷ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1982 .
Hvannadalshnúkur or Hvannadalshnjúkur ( pronounced ( ˈkvanːatalsˌn̥ʲuːkʏr ) ) is a pyramidal peak on the northwestern rim of the summit crater of the Öræfajökull volcano in Iceland and is the highest point of the island .
Khotyn ( Ukrainian : Хотин ; see other names ) is a city in Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine , and is the administrative center of Khotyn Raion within the oblast , and is located south - west of Kamianets - Podilskyi .
As of 2011 India census , Gudipudi had a population of 5587 , with 2783 men and 2804 women living in 1372 houses .
Valjala Parish ( or Valjala rural municipality ) is a rural municipality in western Estonia .
Ainaži parish ( Latvian : Ainažu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Salacgrīva Municipality , Latvia .
Mariann Grammofon or Mariann Records , formed in 1972 is a record label run by Bert Karlsson in Skara , Sweden .
The Charlevoix Railway ( French : Chemin de fer Charlevoix ) ( reporting mark CFC ) is a short - line railway that operates in the Charlevoix region of Quebec Canada .
Grand Mosque of Constanța ( Romanian : Marea Moschee din Constanța ) , originally known as the Carol I Mosque ( Romanian : Moscheea Carol I ) , is a mosque in Constanța , Romania .
The Moura Photovoltaic Power Station ( also known as Amareleja Photovoltaic Power Station ) is a large photovoltaic power station in Amareleja , in the municipality of Moura , Portugal .
Otranto (; ) is a town and comune in the province of Lecce ( Apulia , Italy ) , in a fertile region once famous for its breed of horses .
Gorakhpur Junction railway station This station serves as the sole headquarters of India 's North Eastern Railway zone and it also has the world 's longest railway platform .
Vrnograč ( Cyrillic : Врнограч ) is a town in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vatovlje ( pronounced ( ˈʋaːtɔu̯ljɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Saltee Islands ( Irish : Na Sailtí ) are a pair of small islands lying 5 kilometres off the southern coast of County Wexford in Ireland .
Shah Wali Kot District ( Pashto : شاه ولي کوټ ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی شاه ولی کوت‎ ) is situated in the northern part of Kandahar Province , Afghanistan .
Ethical Threads is a clothing manufacturer based in the United Kingdom .
Spanish Cay Airport ( ICAO : MYAX ) is an airstrip serving Spanish Cay , one of the Abaco Islands in The Bahamas .
Hoon Dhamial or Hon Dahmyal is a village east of Islamabad in Pakistan near the Police Training College Sihala .
The Philippine Sports Stadium , also known as New Era University ( NEU ) Stadium , is a football and track stadium at Ciudad de Victoria , a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in the towns of Bocaue and Santa Maria in Bulacan , Philippines .
The Great Synagogue of Florence or Tempio Maggiore is one of the largest synagogues in South - central Europe , situated in Florence , in Italy .
Warrigal Road is a major inner urban road in southeastern Melbourne , Australia .
Ariño ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈɾiɲo ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
The Siedlce University of Natural Sciences and Humanities ( Polish : Uniwersytet Przyrodniczo - Humanistyczny w Siedlcach ) is a higher - education institution in Siedlce , Poland .
Township and Village Enterprises ( TVEs , simplified Chinese : 乡镇企业 ; traditional Chinese : 鄉鎮企業 ; pinyin : Xiāngzhèn qǐyè ) are market - oriented public enterprises under the purview of local governments based in townships and villages in the People 's Republic of China .
Chambéry Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - François - de - Sales de Chambéry ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Chambéry , France , dedicated to Saint François de Sales .
Gelar ( Persian : گلار‎ , also Romanized as Gelār ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The barony of Ibrickane ( or Ibrickan ) is a geographical division of County Clare , Ireland , that in turn is divided into civil parishes .
Indian Ocean Drive is a coastal road in the Australian state of Western Australia which links Lancelin with the Brand Highway , just south of Dongara .
Aktij Kola ( Persian : اكتيج كلا‎ , also Romanized as Āktīj Kolā ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Northern Metropolitan Region is one of the eight electoral regions in the state of Victoria , Australia , which elects five members to the Victorian Legislative Council ( also referred to as the Upper House ) by proportional representation .
The Waimakariri River , formerly briefly known as the Courtenay River , is one of the largest of the North Canterbury rivers , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Chodová Planá ( German : Kuttenplan ) is a market town with 1793 residents ( As of January 1 , 2004 ) in the Czech Republic .
Vadgaon Budruk also known as Vadgaon in the local area is one of the many upcoming suburbs of Pune , Maharashtra , India .
Dowzan ( Persian : دوزن‎ ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Bastam Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Susan Var ( Persian : سوسن وار‎ , also Romanized as Sūsan Vār ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Erbach Castle is a patrician Renaissance castle situated on a hillside close to the ciy of Erbach an der Donau in the state of Baden Württemberg , Germany .
Keroka is a small town in Kenya 's Nyanza Province .
Hotel Dili is a hotel on the waterfront in Dili , East Timor , established in 1933 .
Tinkisso Falls is a waterfall on the Tinkisso River located near Dabola in central Guinea .
HeidelbergCement is a German multinational building materials company headquartered in Heidelberg , Germany .
Kashira Power Plant is a coal - fired power plant at Kashira in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Rosengrens is a brand of safes and vaults from Sweden .
The Filitelnic gas field is a natural gas field in the Filitelnic village of Bălăuşeri commune , Mureş County , Romania lying in the center of the Transylvanian Basin , a major natural gas producing region .
The Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla ( UPAEP ) is a private ( catholic ) , non - profit university located in Puebla , Mexico .
Al - Irsyad Mosque is a mosque located in Bandung , Indonesia .
The University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir is a university at Muzaffarabad , Azad Jammu and Kashmir , Pakistan .
The Guaxupé River is a river of Minas Gerais and São Paulo states in southeastern Brazil .
Strachosław ( straˈxɔswaf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ardino , Bulgaria ( Bulgarian : Ардино , formerly Turkish : Eğridere ) is a town in Southern Bulgaria , in the Rhodope Mountains .
During World War I , Margaretsville had the distinction of setting a record in Nova Scotia by having over 10 % of its population enlist for military service and being second in all of Canada .
Borsh is a maritime village , in the Albanian Riviera , in the former Lukovë municipality , Vlorë County , Albania , At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Himarë .
Srednji Globodol ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnji ɡlɔbɔˈdoːu̯ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia .
Circuit Paul Armagnac also known as Circuit de Nogaro is a motorsport race track near Nogaro in southwestern France .
Sharjah ( /ˈʃɑːrdʒə/ ; Arabic : الشارقة‎ aš - Šāriqah ) is the third largest and third most populous city in the United Arab Emirates , forming part of the Dubai - Sharjah - Ajman metropolitan area .
Pikermi ( Greek : Πικέρμι ) is a town and a former community of Attica , Greece .
Darageh - ye Molla Ali Karam ( Persian : درگه ملاعلي كرم‎ , also Romanized as Darageh - ye Mollā ʿAlī Karam ; also known as Darakeh - ye Mollaalīkaram ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Shire of Nungarin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , and , with a population of 264 as at the 2001 census , is one of the nation 's smallest .
Kyaunggon Township ( Burmese : ကျောင်းကုန်းမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Pathein District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar .
The Tax and Customs Administration ( Dutch : Belastingdienst ) is the tax collection and customs ( Dutch : Douane ) service of the government of the Netherlands .
The Laratinga Wetlands , constructed in 1999 , is a wetland located in Mount Barker , South Australia .
Lalaklu ( Persian : للكلو‎ , also Romanized as Lalaklū ; also known as Lalaglū and Lialiali ) is a village in Marhemetabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Maringa - Lopori - Wamba Landscape ( MLW ) is an ecologically sensitive landscape in the Democratic Republic of the Congo within the Maringa / Lopori basin .
Lichosielce ( lixɔˈɕɛlt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
McLean 's Mansion ( originally Holly Lea ) is a homestead in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Gribbell Island is an island on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located on the east side of the entrance to Douglas Channel at Wright Sound .
Arlebosc ( Occitan : Arlebòsc ) is a French commune in the Ardèche department in the Rhône - Alpes region of southern France .
Joghanab - e Sofla ( Persian : جغناب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Joghanāb - e Soflá ; also known as Jeghanāb Pā’īn and Joghanāb - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The league was formed in 1947 as Schleswig - Holstein - Liga by thirty clubs in three divisions of ten , in the newly created state of Schleswig - Holstein which was then part of the British occupation zone in Germany .
The Jaisalmer Wind Park is India 's Largest operational onshore wind farm .
In November 2012 Buslink Vivo was awarded a 56-month contract to operate up to 100 vehicles to transport workers during the construction of the Ichthys LPG project in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Rutki - Begny ( ˈrutki ˈbɛɡnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dragostin ( before 1934 called Borzhoza ) is a ruined mountain village now in the municipality of Gotse Delchev , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Piz Cancian is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps , located on the border between Italy and the Switzerland .
Tavakkolabad - e Yek ( Persian : توكل آباد1‎ , also Romanized as Tavakkolābād - e Yek ; also known as Tavakkolābād ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Markersbach Pumped Storage Power Plant is a hydroelectric power station utilizing pumped - storage technology in Markersbach , Germany .
Gryfów Śląski ( ˈɡrɨfuf ˈɕlɔ̃skʲi ) ( German : Greiffenberg ; Greifenberg in Schlesien ) is a town in Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
University of Tripoli ( UT ) ( Arabic : جامعة طرابلس ) , is the largest university in Libya and is located in the capital Tripoli .
Sokuluk ( Dungan : Сохўлў , Sohwlw ; Kyrgyz , Russian : Сокулук ) is a large village with a de jure population of 11,968 ( 2009 Census ) in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
The Ohara Dam is a gravity dam on the Shō River in Ohara village about 17 km ( 11 mi ) south of Nanto in Toyama Prefecture , Japan .
The M4 corridor is an area in the United Kingdom adjacent to the M4 motorway , which runs from London to South Wales .
Vockerode Power Plant ( also called Elbe Power Plant ) was a lignite and later also gas - fired power plant in Vockerode , East Germany .
Oristano - Fenosu Airport is a small regional airport located in the central western Sardinia , Italy .
Mir Shahdad Jo Qubo , ( English : Tomb of Mir Shahdad Talpur ) , is located in Shahpur Chakar ( city ) of the Sanghar District , in Sindh Province of southern Pakistan .
Presidente Perón International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional de Neuquén -- Presidente Perón ) ( IATA : NQN , ICAO : SAZN ) is an airport in Neuquén Province , Argentina serving the cities of Neuquén , Cipolletti , Plottier , Centenario , and General Roca .
Ligñon Hill is a prominent hill in the city of Legazpi , some 3 kilometers west of its downtown port area in Albay , Philippines .
Cadenabbia ( Cadenabbia di Griante ) is a small community in Lombardy , Italy , in the province of Como , on the west shore of Lake Como .
Neygenan ( Persian : نيگنان‎ , also Romanized as Neygenān and Nīganan ; also known as Nagīneh , Nāgīnu , Nakīneh , and Nīgnān ) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cernache do Bonjardim is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sertã , central Portugal .
The Zentrale Hochschulsportanlage ( ZHS ) is with 125.000 Students and over 17.000 active participants each semester the biggest university sports facility in Germany .
Kanch ( Armenian : Կանչ ) ; formerly known as Gyalto or Mets Gyalto , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Vennaimalai is a village of Karur District located near Karur and Tiruchirappalli , in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Calansayan is a barangay in San Jose Municipality of Batangas province , Philippines .
Dziękonie ( d͡ʑenˈkɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tomp - e Rigan ( Persian : تمپريگان‎ , also Romanized as Tomp - e Rīgān ; also known as Tokhm - e Rīgān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wittersdorf is a communes in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
The Nederlandse Onderwatersport Bond ( NOB ) is the national governing body for recreational diving and underwater sports in the Netherlands .
Mumbai Monorail is a monorail system in the city of Mumbai , India , part of a major expansion of public transport in the city .
Černousy ( name used since 1947 , German : Tschernhausen , Czernhausen ) is a village in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
The Bar Aqueduct ( Serbian : Барски аквадукт / Barski akvadukt ) is a stone aqueduct , located on the northern side of Stari Bar , the old town of Bar , ( 4 km north from the city center Bar ) , Montenegro .
Enfidha ( or Dar - el - Bey , Tunisian Arabic : دار البي‎ Enfīđa / Dar el bāy ) is a town in north - eastern Tunisia with a population of approximately 10,000 .
Mina de Barroterán coal mine disaster was the second worst disaster in Mexico 's coal mining history .
Gilgilçay ( also , Gil’gil’chay ) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Khodoriv ( Ukrainian : Ходорів ; Polish : Chodorów ) is a town in the Zhydachiv Raion , Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine .
Cemoro Lawang ( also known as Cemorolawang , Cemora Lawang or Cemara Lawang ) is a very small hamlet north - east of Mount Bromo ( East Java ) , Indonesia with the altitude of 2,217 meters above sea level .
Siemiwołoki ( ɕemivɔˈwɔki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Syro - African Depression , currently known as the Jordan Rift Valley , is located in the northeastern section of the Great Rift Valley , in Western Asia .
Nalanda district is one of the thirty - eight districts of the state of Bihar in India .
Budaörs ( German : Wudersch , Croatian : Jerša , Erša or Vundeš ) is a town in Pest county , Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary .
The Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority ( Finnish : Säteilyturvakeskus ; Swedish : Strålsäkerhetscentralen ) , often abbreviated as STUK , is a government agency tasked with nuclear safety and radiation monitoring in Finland .
Baron Bliss Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Belize City .
Ungilsan is a mountain near the city of Namyangju , Gyeonggi - do in South Korea .
The Russian Compound covers 68 dunams ( 68,000 m² or roughly 17 acres ) between Jaffa Road , Shivtei Israel Street , and the Street of the Prophets .
The Miskito Cays ( Spanish : Cayos Miskitos ) are an archipelago with an area of 27 km² located off shore in the northeastern Caribbean coast of Nicaragua , part of the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region .
Marten River Provincial Park is a 400 hectares ( 990 acres ) provincial park in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
The Perth International Arts Festival is Australia 's longest running cultural festival , held annually in Western Australia .
Pattaravakkam ( Tamil : பட்டரவாக்கம் ) is a small sub - urban locality in the north - west part of Chennai , India .
The London Ice House was an arena in London , Ontario , Canada .
In the 1970s the name Damaraland was revived for a bantustan in South West Africa ( present - day Namibia ) , intended by the apartheid government to be a self - governing homeland for the Damara people .
Burgdorf District was a district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland with its seat at Burgdorf Castle in Burgdorf .
Klee Passage is a shallow channel of water which separates Knox Atoll from Mili Atoll in the Marshall Islands .
The Airoli Bridge is a bridge in the Mumbai metropolitan area of India .
Alexandria Stadium ( Arabic : إستاد الإسكندرية‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Alexandria , Egypt .
Pol - e Khvab ( Persian : پل خواب‎ , also Romanized as Pol - e Khvāb and Pol Khvāb ) was a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
El Manzala is a region ( markaz ) in Egypt .
Omanpe ( also spelled Omape ) is a town in western Ghana near the border with Côte d'Ivoire .
Luanda , formerly named São Paulo da Assunção de Loanda , is the capital and largest city in Angola , and the country 's most populous and important city , primary port and major industrial , cultural and urban centre .
The National Trades Union Congress ( NTUC ) , also known as the Singapore National Trades Union Congress ( SNTUC ) , is the sole national trade union centre in Singapore .
Namena Lala ( sometimes spelt Namenalala ) is a volcanic islet in Fiji , an outlier to the northern island of Vanua Levu ( off Wainunu Bay ) , 24 kilometers away .
Located in Grundel Street Whyalla , South Australia , Edward John Eyre High School opened in 1968 as Eyre Technical High School .
Yichang East Railway Station ( simplified Chinese : 宜昌东站 ; traditional Chinese : 宜昌東站 ; pinyin : Yíchāng - dōng Zhàn , formerly Huayan Railway Station ) is a railway station in Yichang City , Hubei Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Danish Order of Freemasons ( Danish : Den Danske Frimurerorden ) ( abbr . : DDFO ) , in English mostly known as the Grand Lodge of Denmark , is the main governing body of regular Freemasonry in Denmark , tracing its history back to 1743 , making it the oldest Masonic organisation of Denmark .
One of the northern extensions of the Pamir - Alay system , the Turkestan Range stretches for a total length of 340 km from the Alay Mountains on the border of Kyrgyzstan with Tajikistan to the Samarkand oasis in Uzbekistan .
Kokošnje ( pronounced ( kɔˈkoːʃnjɛ ) ) is a settlement of around 30 houses east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Gulf of Roses ( Catalan : Golf de Roses ( ˈɡoɫv ðə ˈrɔzəs ) ) is the most northeastern bay on the Catalan coast of Spain .
Yaqush ( Persian : ياقوش‎ , also Romanized as Yāqūsh ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Amougies Airfield ( ICAO : EBAM ) is a small airfield just south of the Kluisberg , in Amougies , part of the municipality of Mont - de - l'Enclus , Hainaut , Belgium .
Fjerdvatnet or Kråkmovatnet ( Lule Sami : Skilggajávri ) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Khersdar - e Sofla ( Persian : خرسدرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khersdar - e Soflá ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Puchaczów ( puˈxat͡ʂuf ) is a village in Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Maroantsetra is a market town and domestic seaport in Analanjirofo Region , Madagascar , at the northern end of the Bay of Antongil .
Gävle Municipality ( Gävle kommun ) is a municipality in east central Sweden where the City Gävle is the municipal seat .
Istán is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga in Andalusia in southern Spain with an estimated population in 2005 of 1,422 .
Monte Orsiera is a mountain in the Cottian Alps belonging to the Province of Turin ( Italy ) .
The West Akim Municipal District is one of the twenty - one ( 21 ) districts of the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
Lærdalsøyri is the administrative centre of the municipality of Lærdal in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Sant Llorenç del Munt is a largely rocky mountain massif in central Catalonia , Spain .
The 2011 Van earthquake occurred in eastern Turkey near the city of Van on 23 October at 13:41 local time .
Ramme Gaard is an organic farm and country estate , located just north of Hvitsten in Akershus municipality , on the coast of Norway , owned by billionaire philanthropist Petter Olsen .
Chah - e Bunak ( Persian : چاه بوناك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Būnāḵ ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Marsh Railway ( German : Marschbahn ) is a main line in the state of Schleswig - Holstein in Germany that links the stations of Elmshorn in the south and Westerland on the island of Sylt in the north .
The Greater Liakhvi River ( Georgian : ლიახვი , Ossetian : Стыр Леуахи , Styr Leuakhi ) is a river in central Georgia , which rises on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the de facto independent region of South Ossetia and flows into the Kura ( Mtkvari ) River .
The Museum of Art Collections ( Romanian : Muzeului Colecțiilor de Artă ) is a branch of the National Museum of Art of Romania and is situated in Bucharest .
Heidsee ( Romansh : Igl Lai ) is a lake at Lenzerheide , Grisons , Switzerland .
Bielovce ( Hungarian : Ipolybél ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈipojbeːl ) ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Chahar Qaleh ( Persian : چهارقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Qal``eh ) is a village in Karaftu Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 85 , in 20 families .
Temora railway station is a disused station on the Lake Cargelligo railway line which served the Riverina town of Temora , New South Wales , Australia .
Courts Island is a dolerite island with an area of 15.83 ha in south - eastern Australia .
Drymalia ( Greek : Δρυμαλία ) is a former municipality on the island of Naxos , in the Cyclades , Greece .
PTDC or Pakistan Tourism Development Corporation is an organization of the Government of Pakistan .
Aquaworld Aquarium is a natural history museum in Hersonissos , Heraklion , Crete , Greece .
Harold 's Cross ( Irish : Cros Araild , meaning `` Harold 's Cross '' ) is an urban village and inner suburb on the south side of Dublin , Ireland .
Grigore T. Popa University of Medicine and Pharmacy ( Romanian : Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie `` Grigore T. Popa '' , or UMF Iași ) is a public university - level medical school located in Iași , Romania .
Oron - la - Ville is a small town and former municipality in the district of Lavaux - Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Velódromo de Anoeta ( formally and in Basque language Anoetako Belodromoa ) is an indoor arena located at the Anoeta Sports Complex , San Sebastián , Spain .
Jiaoshan ( Chinese : 焦山 , Jiāoshān ) is a district of the city of Zhenjiang , in southwestern Jiangsu Province , People 's Republic of China .
Nanu Khurd is a mid - sized Yadav dominated village located in the district of Gurgaon in the state of Haryana in India .
Affing is a municipality near ( 10 km ) Augsburg in Aichach - Friedberg district , in Swabia - Bavaria , southern Germany .
Kutallah ( Persian : كوتاله‎ , also Romanized as Kūtāllah ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Laidi Palace ( Latvian : Laidu muižas pils ) is a palace in Laidi parish in Kuldīga municipality in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
The Bassenheimer Hof ( Bassenheimer Palace ) is an historic building in Mainz , western Germany .
Košljun is a tiny island in Puntarska Draga bay off the coast of Krk , facing Punat , in the Adriatic Sea , Croatia .
Gabrani ( Persian : گبراني‎ , also Romanized as Gabrānī ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Royal Glenora Club is a member owned , private sport and social club located in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Rach Gia Airport ( IATA : VKG , ICAO : VVRG ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Rạch Giá ) is an airport located in Rach Gia , Vietnam .
The Wascana Trails are a series of interconnected hiking and mountain biking trails in Canada .
Pussella is a village situated about 12 miles away from Matale in Sri Lanka .
Pacopampa ( Quechua : paqu pampa ) is an archaeological site located in the northern highlands of Peru , in the department of Cajamarca .
Poco Mandasawu is a lava dome of Ranakah located in the south - central part of the island of Flores , Indonesia .
Hlevnik ( pronounced ( ˈxleːu̯nik ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia , right on the border with Italy .
Braniewo ( ( braˈɲevɔ ) ) , ( German : Braunsberg , Latin : Brunsberga , Old Prussian : Brus ) , is a town in northeastern Poland , in the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , with a population of 18,068 ( 2004 ) .
Struževo ( pronounced ( stɾuˈʒeːʋɔ ) ; locally Strževo and in older sources also Straževo , German : Sterscheu ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Nasinu is an urban area on the island Viti Levu in Fiji .
Hoseynabad - e Qoli Di ( Persian : حسين ابادقليدي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Qolī Dī ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Nan River ( Thai : แม่น้ำน่าน , RTGS : Maenam Nan , IPA : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm nâːn ) ) is a river in Thailand .
Achilles Point ( Te Pane o Horoiwi - The head of Horoiwi ) is a rocky point on the headland at the eastern end of the small sandy beach named Ladies Bay , Auckland , New Zealand .
Pristavo ( pronounced ( pɾiˈstaːʋɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia , close to the border with Italy .
Ñuñuni Qalani ( Aymara ñuñu breast , qala stone , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , also spelled Nununi Khalani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,940 metres ( 16,207 ft ) high .
Tomb KV33 is a non - royal tomb located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt .
Butaritari is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean island nation of Kiribati .
The Hurunui District is a political district on the east coast of New Zealand 's South Island , north of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Meang , which literally means `` west '' , is an islet of Nui atoll in the Pacific Ocean state of Tuvalu .
Sierra de Guadarrama National Park ( in Spanish : Parque Nacional de la Sierra de Guadarrama ) is a national park in Spain , covering nearly 34,000 hectares , the fifth largest in Spain 's national parks system .
Bait Island is an island located near Tawau in the Tawau Division , Sabah , Malaysia .
Charho is one of the three tehsils , administrative subdivisions , of Kotli District , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Audriņi is a village in Audriņi parish of the Latgale area of eastern Latvia , 245 km east of Riga .
Honiatyn ( xɔˈɲatɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Biskupskie Drogi ( bisˈkupskʲɛ ˈdrɔɡi ) ( German : Strassenkrug ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Laetoli is a site in Tanzania , dated to the Plio - Pleistocene and famous for its hominin footprints , preserved in volcanic ash .
St. Augustine International University ( SAIU ) is a university in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
McDiarmid Park , the first purpose - built all - seater stadium in the United Kingdom , consists of four covered , single - tier stands .
Sevran ( French pronunciation : ​(sə.vʁɑ̃ ) ) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Oulad Teima also known as Houara is a city in Taroudannt Province , Souss - Massa , Morocco .
Melkki is an island in Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
Moni Sar ( Persian : منيصر‎ , also Romanized as Monī Sar ; also known as Mane - Sīr , Manīser , Manīsur , and Monīşer ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kolari is a municipality of Finland at the Swedish border , which follows the Torne River , the longest free - flowing river in Europe .
Nőtincs ( Slovak : Netejč , German : Nititsch ) , a pictorial locality looking back on a thousand - year old history is in Nógrád county , Hungary .
Narsaq Kujalleq Heliport ( IATA : QFN , ICAO : BGFD ) or Narsarmijit Heliport is a heliport in Narsaq Kujalleq , a village in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland .
Ulyanovsk ( Russian : Улья́новск ; IPA : ( ʊˈlʲjanəfsk ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Ulyanovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Volga River 893 kilometers ( 555 mi ) east of Moscow .
Kawkaban ( Arabic : كوكبان‎ ) is a town in the northern - western part of Yemen , containing a fortified citadel about 2800 m above sea level .
Banhalan - e Bala ( Persian : بان هلان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Bānhalān - e Bālā ; also known as Bānhalān ) is a village in Dustan Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Illa de la Llum is a complex of two skyscrapers in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , completed in 2005 .
The Barbadori Chapel , later Capponi Chapel , is a chapel in the church of Santa Felicita in Florence , central Italy .
James Bond Beach is a beach that sits on a small peninsula at Oracabessa Bay , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) from Ocho Rios on Jamaica 's north coast .
Nahwa is a village that is part of the Emirate of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates .
The Trudenstein is a rock formation and popular hiker 's destination in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
Stratoni ( Greek : Στρατώνι ) is a community of 1057 inhabitants ( 2011 census ) , situated on the north - eastern coast of the Chalkidiki peninsula , in Northern Greece .
Burji La ( or Burji Pass ) is a natural pass in mountains between Skardu and Deosai National Park in Gilgit Baltistan , Pakistan .
Buarbreen or Buerbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county , Norway .
Hunei District ( Chinese : 湖內區 ; pinyin : Húnèi Qū ) is a rural district in Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Los Patios is a municipality and town in the Department of Norte de Santander , northeastern Colombia .
Paliepiai is a village in Lithuania located 6 km east of Viduklė .
Palacio de Deportes José María Martín Carpena ( English : Jose Maria Martin Carpena Arena ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Málaga , Spain .
Bhatt Majra is a village in Sirhind mandal , district Fatehgarh Sahib , state Punjab , India .
Balendar ( Persian : بالندر‎ , also Romanized as Bālendar and Bālandar ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Bālandar and Qal``eh Balandar ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 264 , in 65 families .
The Westfälische Aa ( `` Westphalian Aa '' ) is a short ( 8.4 km ) river in the Westphalia region of Germany , left tributary of the Werre .
Altensalzkoth is a village in the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in north Germany .
The 1982 European Figure Skating Championships was a senior - level international competition held in Lyon , France .
The Belgrade Fair or Beogradski Sajam ( Serbian Cyrillic : Београдски сајам ) is a large complex of three large domes and a dozen of smaller halls which is the location of the major trade fairs of the capital city of Serbia .
Fossemagne is a commune in the Dordogne département in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Aurizon Holdings Limited is a publicly listed rail freight company in Australia .
Leikanger Church ( Norwegian : Leikanger kyrkje ) is a parish church in Leikanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Kajaani Airport ( IATA : KAJ , ICAO : EFKI ) is an airport in Paltaniemi , Kajaani , Finland , approximately 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northwest of Kajaani city centre .
Chahgah - e Milas ( Persian : چاهگاه ميلاس‎ , also Romanized as Chāhgāh - e Mīlās ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Muping District ( Chinese : 牟平区 ; pinyin : Mùpíng Qū ) is a district administered by the prefecture - level city of Yantai , Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
OPF Boys College Islamabad is an educational institution located in the centre of Islamabad , Pakistan .
Isla Damas , or Damas Island , is a small ( 6 km² ) island in Costa Rica in the vicinity of Quepos .
Abdal Samad ( Persian : عبدالصمد‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbdāl Şamad ) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District , Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Wisławie ( viˈswavjɛ ) ( German : Schönhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Đại Nài is a ward of the city of Ha Tinh in Ha Tinh Province , Vietnam .
High Speed 2 ( HS2 ) is a planned high - speed railway in the United Kingdom linking London , Birmingham , the East Midlands , Leeds , Sheffield and Manchester .
The Cockburn Channel ( Spanish : Canal Cockburn ) is a channel that separates the Brecknock Peninsula , which is the westernmost projection of the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego , from Clarence Island , Capitán Aracena Island and other minor islands in Chile .
West Hill Collegiate Institute ( also called West Hill CI , WHCI or West Hill ) is a public high school in Toronto , Canada , located in eastern Scarborough under the jurisdiction of the Scarborough Board of Education until its amalgamation with the Toronto District School Board in 1998 .
Dzhurynskyi ( Ukrainian : Джуринський ) or the Chervonohorodskyi waterfall ( Ukrainian : Червоногородський водоспад ) is located on the Dzhuryn river in Nyrkiv village , Zalishchyky Raion , Ternopil Oblast of western Ukraine Waterfall is 16 metres ( 52 ft ) high and 20 metres ( 66 ft ) wide .
Active Citizens Transform was founded in 2004 by Charles Secrett , former Executive Director of the environmental organization Friends of the Earth , and Ron Bailey as a new non - party political movement in the United Kingdom .
Sirmaniyah ( Arabic : سرمانية‎ Sirmāniyah , also spelled Sarmania , al - Sarmaniyah , Sermaniye ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , northwest of Hama .
Chwaliszew ( xfaˈliʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Fitzroy High School is a school catering for Years 7 to 12 , located in Falconer Street , Fitzroy , Melbourne , Australia .
Kalix UHC , or Kalix ungdomshockeyclub ( English : Kalix Youth Hockey Club ) , is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Kalix in northern Sweden .
Dobindol ( pronounced ( ˈdoːbindɔu̯ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
Jarafuel ( Valencian : Xarafull ) is a municipality in the comarca of Valle de Cofrentes in the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Sheraton Mirage Port Douglas Resort is a seaside resort hotel on Four Mile Beach in Port Douglas , Far North Queensland , Australia .
Viminacium ( VIMINACIVM ) was a major city ( provincial capital ) and military camp of the Roman province of Moesia ( today 's Serbia ) , and the capital of Moesia Superior .
Nowe Drzewce ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈdʐɛft͡sɛ ) ( German : Neu Driebnitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szlichtyngowa , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Amherstburg Admirals are a Canadian junior ice hockey club based in Amherstburg , Ontario , Canada .
Tartu ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈtɑrtˑˈtu ) , South Estonian : Tarto ) is the second largest city of Estonia , following Estonia 's political and financial capital Tallinn .
Birdling 's Flat , originally named Te Mata Hapuku , is a settlement in Canterbury , New Zealand , close to the shore of Lake Ellesmere / Te Waihora .
Telowie Gorge Conservation Park is a protected area located in South Australia about 7.5 kilometres ( 4.7 mi ) east of the town of Port Germein .
Shamirpet Lake is an artificial lake near Hyderabad , India , it is about 24 kilometers north of Secunderabad .
Vyf Rand is an informal settlement outside of Okahandja , located north of Windhoek in the Okahandja constituency of the Otjozondjupa region of Namibia .
Vedalen is a small valley in eastern Norway .
Kaknäs is a former village in Medieval times located in Stockholm , Sweden , as part of the Ladugårdsgärdet area .
Kusans is a village in the municipality of Ingå in Southern coastal Finland .
Skadarlija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Скадарлија ) is a vintage street , an urban neighborhood and former municipality of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Strona di Mosso Valley ( in Italian Valle Strona di Mosso or , simply , Valle di Mosso ) is a valley in north - east of Piedmont in the Province of Biella , Italy .
The Walery Rzewuski Museum of History of Photography in Kraków or the Muzeum Historii Fotografii w Krakowie is a state - run photography museum in Kraków , Poland , established as the only one of its kind mere three years before the collapse of the Soviet empire followed by a further blow to communist economic planning .
Zama Airport , ( TC LID : CEX5 ) , was located near to Zama City , Alberta , Canada .
Literally `` Eagles Bay '' , Bahia de las Aguilas is an 8 km long beach along the southwestern coast of the Dominican Republic near the southernmost part of the border with Haiti .
Nakhl Taqi ( Persian : نخل تقي‎‎ ; also Romanized as Nakhl Taqī , Nakhl - e Taqī , Makhi - i - Taqi , Nakhl - i - Taqi , and Nakhl Takki ; also known simply as Tagi ) is a city in the Central District of Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Lauriston Girls ' School is an independent , non - denominational , day school predominantly for girls , located in Armadale , an inner south - eastern suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Boevange - sur - Attert ( Luxembourgish : Béiwen - Atert , German : Böwingen ) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg , in the canton of Mersch .
Ten Putte Abbey ( also known as the Saint Godelina Abbey ) is a monastery with an abbey in Gistel , roughly 8 km ( 5 miles ) to the south of Ostend , in the western part of Belgium .
The Beisfjord massacre ( Norwegian : Beisfjord - massakren ) was a massacre on 18 July 1942 in Beisfjord , Norway of 288 political prisoners who were killed at Lager I Beisfjord ( German : `` No . 1 camp Beisfjord '' - in Norwegian Beisfjord fangeleir ) .
The Grafeneck Euthanasia Centre ( German : NS - Tötungsanstalt Grafeneck ) housed in Grafeneck Castle was one of Nazi Germany 's killing centres as part of their forced euthanasia programme .
Areguni ( Armenian : Արեգունի ; until 1935 , Satanakhach , earlier , Gyuney and Güney ) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Nishtun ( Arabic : نشتن‎ ) is a coastal town in southeastern Yemen .
Hamburg International Luftverkehrsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Betriebs KG was an independent passenger airline based in Hamburg - Nord , Hamburg , Germany , operating scheduled charter services for European tour operators , as well as ad hoc charters and subservices .
The Arboretum du Ru de Rôge is an arboretum located in Blanzey , southeast of Fougerolles , Haute - Saône , Franche - Comté , France .
Orci ( old spelling : Orczi ) is a village in Somogy county , Hungary .
Copenhagen Zoo ( Danish : København Zoo ) is a zoological garden in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Ravne pri Šmartnem ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈʃmaːɾtnɛm ) ) is a dispersed settlement of isolated farmsteads above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Soligalich ( Russian : Солига́лич ) is a town and the administrative center of Soligalichsky District in Kostroma Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Kostroma River .
Nagyhajmás ( English : Big Onions ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Županjac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жупањац ) is a village in the municipality of Lazarevac , Serbia .
Zakir Hussain Rose Garden , is a botanical garden located in Chandigarh , India and spread over 30 acres ( 120,000 m2 ) of land , with 50,000 rose - bushes of 1600 different species .
The Sinaia Monastery , located in Sinaia , in Prahova County , Romania , was founded by Prince Mihail Cantacuzino in 1695 and named after the great Saint Catherine 's Monastery on Mount Sinai in Egypt .
Umeå Arts Campus is the name of a former industry area that recently ( 2009 - -2012 ) was rebuilt to house several of the arts educations at Umeå University in Sweden .
Naajaat ( Kalaallisut : `` Seagulls '' ) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Stade Municipal Georges Lefèvre is a sports complex located in the forest of Saint - Germain - en - Laye , France , just across the street from the Camp des Loges , the training centre of Paris Saint - Germain .
Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University or STOU ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยสุโขทัยธรรมาธิราช ) is one of the two open universities in Thailand .
Canet d'en Berenguer ( Valencian pronunciation : ( kaˈned dem beɾeŋˈɡeɾ ) , Spanish : Canet de Berenguer ) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Morvedre in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Aeon Point is the easternmost point of Kiritimati Island in Kiribati .
El Ouata ( Arabic : اﻟﻮ ﻃﺎء‎ ) is a town and commune in Béchar Province , western Algeria .
Gravenhurst ( Morrison Lake ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CML4 ) , is located on Morrison Lake , and is 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west southwest of Gravenhurst , Ontario , Canada .
Nörtershausen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈnœʁtɐsˌhaʊzən ) ) is a municipality in the district of Mayen - Koblenz in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany .
As per 2011 Census of India Domkal had a total population of 3,914 , of which 2,008 ( 51 % ) were males and 1,906 ( 49 % ) females .
Utrera is a municipality in south - west Spain .
Isahaya Park ( also known as Azalea Park ) is in Nagasaki Prefecture , Japan .
Lchavan ( Armenian : Լճավան ; until 1967 , Yarpuzlu and Yariuzlu ) is a village located southeast of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Barzinjah or Barzinja ( Arabic : برزنجة‎ ) is a town in As Sulaymaniyah Governorate ( muhafazat ) of Iraq .
The Asmara - Massawa Cableway was a cableway built in Italian Eritrea before World War II .
Chapultepec , more commonly called the `` Bosque de Chapultepec '' ( Chapultepec Forest ) in Mexico City , is one of the largest city parks in the Western Hemisphere , measuring in total just over 686 hectares ( 1,695 acres ) .
The Villa Comunale is the most prominent and visible park in Naples , southern Italy .
Rowville Secondary College is a co - educational , public high school , located in Rowville , Victoria , Australia .
Rallarvegen ( English : The Navvy Road ) is a construction / access road in central Norway that is now popular as a recreation trail for bicyclists .
Gradiško ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈdiːʃkɔ ) ) is small settlement in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Mäntsälä Airfield is an airfield in Mäntsälä , Finland , about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8 mi ) southeast of Mänstälä town centre .
Ihosy ( iˈusʲ ) is a city ( commune urbaine ) with 16990 inhabitants ( 2004 ) in Ihorombe Region in central south Madagascar .
Mahanoro is a city and rural commune located in the Atsinanana region of eastern Madagascar , along the coast .
Teatro Caupolicán ( Caupolicán Theatre ) is a theatre and music venue located on the San Diego street in Santiago , Chile .
Cerca - la - Source ( Haitian Creole : Sèka Lasous ) is a commune in the Cerca - la - Source Arrondissement , in the Centre Department of Haiti .
Kettinge is a village and parish in southeastern Lolland , Denmark .
Thathi Faqir Sahib is one of the 57 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Diocese of Visby is a division of the Church of Sweden consisting of Gotland .
The Arboretum du Lampy , also known as the Arboretum du Domaine du Lampy - Neuf , is a private arboretum located in Le Lampy - Neuf , Saissac , Aude , Languedoc - Roussillon , France .
Hohe Elbgeest is an Amt ( `` common administration for several smaller municipalities '' ) in the district of Lauenburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Ball Range is a mountain range on the Continental Divide between Vermilion Pass and Red Earth Pass in Kootenay National Park , Canada .
Al Jabalayn ( also El Jebelein ) is a town in central Sudan lying on the east bank of the River Nile .
Todruyeh ( Persian : تدروئيه‎‎ , also Romanized as Todrūyeh , Tadrooyeh , and Tadrūyeh ; also known as Tūdarān , Tudaru , Tudirān , and Tūdorān ) is a village in Godeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bălănești Hill ( Romanian : Dealul Bălănești ) is the highest geographical point in Moldova , with an altitude of 430 m ( 429 m according to some sources ) .
Hope Africa University is the largest and fastest growing private university in Burundi with current enrollment at 6000 Students .
Lake Bulusan is a lake on Luzon Island in the Philippines .
The Rothenburg Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Rothenburg , Oberlausitz in Germany .
Buschrodt ( Luxembourgish : Bëschrued ) is a village in the commune of Wahl , in western Luxembourg .
Moridabad ( Persian : مريداباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Morīdābād ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Donaborów ( dɔnaˈbɔruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sitampiky is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in north - western Madagascar approximately 240 kilometres north - west of the capital Antananarivo .
Basco Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the town of Basco in Batanes , the northernmost province in the Philippines .
Mount Cotton Hillclimb is a permanent tarmac hillclimbing circuit at Mount Cotton , Queensland , Australia .
Hana Academy Seoul ( also known as Hana High School , Hangeul : 하나고 ) is a private high school located in Seoul , South Korea .
Tvrdoš Monastery ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тврдош ) is a 15th - century Serbian Orthodox monastery near the city of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Qumsangir District or Nohiya - i Qumsangir ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Қумсангир/Persian : ناحیۀ قمسنگیر‎ ) is a district in Khatlon province , Tajikistan .
Tonjaran ( Persian : تانجران‎ , also Romanized as Ţonjarān ; also known as Tongarān ) is a village in Salehan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Südheide Nature Park ( `` Southern Heath Nature Park '' , German : Naturpark Südheide ) is a large protected area of forest and heathland in the southern part of the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany .
Allouis is a commune in the Cher department of the Centre region of France .
The KidsRights Foundation is an international children 's aid and advocacy organisation based in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Deadman 's Cay Airport ( IATA : LGI , ICAO : MYLD ) is an airport located near Deadman 's Cay on Long Island in The Bahamas .
Barrio Brasil is a neighborhood of Santiago , Chile , located to the west of the city center in the commune of Santiago and to the east of Barrio Yungay .
Eti - Osa East is a newly created Local Government Area in Nigeria .
Bozorg Bisheh - ye Mahalleh ( Persian : بزرگ بيشه محله‎ , also Romanized as Bozorg Bīsheh - ye Maḩalleh ; also known as Bozorg Bīsheh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District , Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hong'an County ( simplified Chinese : 红安县 ; traditional Chinese : 紅安縣 ; pinyin : Hóng'ān Xiàn ) , formerly named Huang'an County ( 黄安县 ) , located to the north of Wuhan , is a county in Huanggang , Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Mount Taylor Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia which is located on Kangaroo Island .
Øverdalen Church ( Norwegian : Øverdalen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Wachirathan Falls ( Thai : น้ำตกวชิรธาร lit . Diamond Creek Falls , also spelled Vachirathan ) are waterfalls in the Chom Thong district in the province of Chiang Mai , Thailand .
Hvidøre House ( Danish : Hvidøre ) is a former country house at Klampenborg , just south of Bellevue Beach , on the Øresund coast north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Tavbor ( Persian : تاوبر‎ , also Romanized as Tāvbor and Tāvar ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Karjamal Niyaz Ali ( Persian : كرجمال نيازعلي‎ , also Romanized as Karjamāl Nīyāz ʿAlī ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wat Phra That Doi Chom Thong ( Thai : วัดพระธาตุดอยจอมทอง ) ( also known as Wat Phra That Doi Jom Thong ) is located in Nakhon Chiang Rai , Amphoe Mueang , Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Sriram College of Arts and Science ( Tamil : ஸ்ரீராம் கலை மற்றும் அறிவியல் கல்லூரி ) is a college in Perumalpattu , Tiruvallur Dt . , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Germán Sánchez Ruipérez Foundation is a non - profit Spanish institution , constituted in October 1981 and recognized by the Ministry of Culture of Spain .
The Plátano River ( Banana River ) is a river in Honduras which runs through the Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve .
Bokpyin Township ( Burmese : ဘုတ်ပြင်းမြို့နယ် ; Thai : บกเปี้ยน ; RTGS : Bok Pian ) is a township of Kawthoung District , Taninthayi Division , Myanmar .
Orana Steiner School , founded in 1981 , is an Independent , co - educational Steiner school in Weston , Canberra , Australia .
Azra Naheed Medical College ( abbreviated as ANMC ) , established in 2011 and named after Azra Naheed , is a private college of medicine , pharmacy and allied health professions ( Physiotherapy ) located on Raiwind Road , Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Roosevelt Study Center is a research institute , conference center , and library on twentieth - century American history located in the twelfth - century Abbey of Middelburg , the Netherlands .
Hemawas is a village in Pali tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India Here Hemawas Dam also located on the Bandi river .
Qasrik - e Olya ( Persian : قصريك عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qaşrīk - e `` Olyā ; also known as Qasrīk and Qaşrīk ) is a village in Shepiran Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 231 , in 35 families .
Tele2 started as a telecommunications company in Sweden in the late 1970s by the company Industriförvaltnings AB Kinnevik .
Lielahti ( Lielax in Swedish ) is a suburb in the city of Tampere ( Tammerfors ) , Finland with important industrial and commercial facilities .
Ringspoorbaan or ring railway is a railway line in Amsterdam , Netherlands , consisting of a south - eastern branch Zuidtak , and a western branch Westtak .
Ensdorf Abbey ( Kloster Ensdorf ) was a house of the Benedictine Order located at Ensdorf in Bavaria in Germany .
Sint - Pieters - Leeuw ( Dutch pronunciation : ( sɪnt ˌpiːtərs ˈleːu ) , French : Leeuw - Saint - Pierre ) is a Dutch - speaking municipality of Belgium located in the province of Flemish Brabant ( Flemish Region ) .
Tucheng District ( Chinese : 土城區 ; pinyin : Tǔchéng Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Thô͘-siâⁿ-khu ) is an inner city district in the southwestern part of New Taipei City , Taiwan .
SMK Majakir Papar also known as Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Majakir Papar ( SMKMP ) in Malay , is a Malaysian secondary school in East Malaysia established since 1962 .
Mojtame - ye Meskuni Khaneh Darya ( Persian : مجتمع مسكوني خانه دريا‎ , also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Khāneh Daryā ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Shomali Rural District , Sorkhrud District , Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ( Art and Exhibition Hall of the Federal Republic of Germany ) is one of the most visited museums in Germany .
École secondaire catholique Béatrice - Desloges or ESCBD ( Béatrice - Desloges Catholic High School ) , is a French language high school teaching grades 7 - 12 , which also houses a community child day care centre , in the community of Orléans in the eastern part of Ottawa , Ontario ( capital of Canada ) .
The Pillar of Peace of Plaza de Cagancha marks the Kilometre zero of the main National Routes of Uruguay .
Irind ( Armenian : Իրինդ ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia located about 30 km east of the Turkish border .
Cherush ( Persian : چروش‎ , also Romanized as Cherūsh ; also known as Chūrūsh ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Hagby Runestones are four runestones that are raised on the courtyard of the farm Hagby in Uppland , Sweden .
Wycliffe Christian School ( also known as WCS ) is the largest independent Christian School located in the Blue Mountains , New South Wales , Australia .
Taxila Museum ( Urdu : ٹیکسلا متحف‎ ) is located at Taxila , Punjab , Pakistan .
Uvjeća ( Serbian Cyrillic : Увјећа ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Castle of Zahara de los Atunes and Palace of Jadraza ( Spanish : El Castillo de Zahara de los Atunes . Palacio de la Jadraza ) is a medieval castle on Spain 's coast .
Galasan Gurasan ( Persian : گلسن گورسن‎ , also Romanized as Galasan Gūrasan ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bęsia ( ˈbɛ̃ɕa ) ( German Bansen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dəvədaşı ( also , Poghosagomer , Pogosagomer , and Poqosaqomer ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hodal is a city and a municipal council in Palwal district in the Haryana state of India .
Hohenasperg , located in the federal state of Baden - Württemberg near Stuttgart , Germany , of which it is administratively part , is an ancient fortress and prison overlooking the town of Asperg .
Escuela Nacional Superior Autónoma de Bellas Artes del Perú '' ( ENSABAP ) is a fine arts school in Lima , Peru .
The Baia de Aramă mine was a large mine in the east of Romania in Mehedinţi County close to Baia de Aramă .
Galluzzo is part of quartiere 3 of the Italian city of Florence , Italy , located in the southern extremity of the Florentine commune .
Mazraeh - ye Hadi Keshtkaran ( Persian : مزرعه هادي كشتكاران‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Hādī Keshtkārān ) is a village in Rahmat Rural District , Seyyedan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Quintero Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Quintero , ICAO : SCER ) is a joint public / military airport located near Quintero , Valparaíso , Chile .
The Nizhny Novgorod Metro ( Russian : Нижегородское метро ) , formerly known as Gorky Metro ( Russian : Горьковское Метро ) is a rapid - transit system that serves the city of Nizhny Novgorod , Russia .
Messatida ( Greek : Μεσσάτιδα ) is a former municipality in Achaea , West Greece , Greece .
The Agde Round Lock ( French : L'Écluse Ronde d'Agde ) is a canal lock on the Canal du Midi that connects to the Hérault River in Agde France .
Cimi ( also , Dzhimi ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hartland Community School is a K-12 school located in Hartland , New Brunswick , Canada .
Kalix ( Kalix dialect : Kôlis , Finnish : Kainuu , Meänkieli : Kainus ) is a locality and the seat of the Kalix Municipality in Norrbotten County , Sweden .
Horsens also has the only Industrial Museum in Denmark .
Sundby Church ( Danish : Sundby Kirke ) is a Church of Denmark parish church located on Amagerbrogade in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Sawai Man Singh Hospital is the major hospital of Jaipur and Rajasthan state of India .
Puerto El Carmen de Putumayo is a town in the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador .
Kobylata ( kɔbɨˈlata ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rapu - rapu Island is an island in the Philippines where the municipality of Rapu - rapu , Albay is located .
Livera ( Greek : Λιβερά ; Turkish : Sadrazamköy ) is a small village on Cape Kormakitis , Cyprus , 8 km northwest of Kormakitis .
Phnom Aural Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in the eastern extent of the Cardamom Mountains in Cambodia .
The Dikuluwe Mine is a copper and cobalt mine in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Wudam Al Sahil is a coastal village located in the Batinah region of the Sultanate of Oman .
Zogu I Boulevard or Boulevard Zog I ( Albanian : Boulevardi Zogu i parë ) ( formerly Stalin Boulevard , Dëshmorët e Kombit Boulevard ) is a major boulevard of Tirana , Albania , named after Zogu I. It runs in a northerly direction from the central Skanderbeg Square .
Palazzo Della Rovere is a palace in Rome , Italy , facing Via della Conciliazione .
The Îles d'Hyères ( pronounced : ( il djɛːʁ ) ; or Îles d'Or , ( il dɔːʁ ) ) are a group of four Mediterranean islands off Hyères in the Var département of south - east France .
Englezovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Енглезовац ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
In British India Kadaura was the capital of a princely state which had been granted an 11-gun salute .
Villa Epecuén was a tourist village in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Starosel ( Bulgarian : Старосел ) is a village in central Bulgaria , Hisarya Municipality , Plovdiv Province .
Mithranandapuram Vamanamoorthy Temple is a Hindu Temple situated in Cherpu of Thrissur District of Kerala , India .
Iruelos is a municipality located in Salamanca , Castile and León , Spain .
Blanche Harbor is a natural harbour between Mono and Stirling Islands of the Treasury Islands , Solomon Islands , at 7.4 ° S 155.55 ° E.
Thaon - les - Vosges is a former commune in the Vosges department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
Popowo Wonieskie ( pɔˈpɔvɔ vɔˈɲɛskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mawlaik District ( formerly Upper Chindwin District ) is a district in central Sagaing Division of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Taraporewala Aquarium is India 's oldest aquarium and one of the city 's main attractions .
The Canadian Anti - Fraud Centre ( formerly known as PhoneBusters National Call Centre ) is Canada 's national anti - fraud call centre and central fraud data repository .
Dow Baraleh ( Persian : دوبراله‎ , also Romanized as Dow Barāleh , Dubarālah , Dūberāleh , and Do Barāleh ; also known as Dobrāla ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bréhan ( Brehant - Loudieg in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Mazraeh - ye Sarhadi ( Persian : مزرعه سرحدي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Sarḩadī ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 60 , in 15 families .
Bharaj ( Urdu : بھراج‎ ) is a village situated near Mangowal Sharqi in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Rodovia Santos Dumont ( officially designated SP-075 ) is a highway in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Mazraeh - ye Tang Firuzi ( Persian : مزرعه تنگ فيروزي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tang Fīrūzī ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Boxberg Power Station ( in German commonly referred as Kraftwerk Boxberg ) is a lignite - fired power station with three units at Boxberg , near Weißwasser , Saxony , Eastern Germany .
Engeløya is an island in the northern part of the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county , Norway .
The Palazzo del Viminale is an historic palace in Rome ( Italy ) , seat of the Prime Minister and of the Ministry of Interior since 1925 ; in 1961 the Prime Minister was transferred to Palazzo Chigi .
Rip Curl has become one of the largest board wear brands in Australia , Europe and South America , and is also active in North America and South Africa .
Ara Town is a town found in Nasarawa Local Government Area of Nasarawa State in central Nigeria .
Adendro ( Greek : Άδενδρο , before 1927 : Κιρτζιλάρ - Kirtzilar ) is a village in the municipality of Chalkidona , Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
Qushkhaneh - ye Olya ( Persian : قوشخانه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qūshkhāneh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Chaman Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 5 families .
The Helsinki Stock Exchange ( Finnish : Helsingin Pörssi , Swedish : Helsingforsbörsen ) is a stock exchange located in Helsinki , Finland .
Pluska ( pronounced ( ˈpluːska ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Gaskaminjan ( Persian : گسكمينجان‎ , also Romanized as Gaskamīnjān ; also known as Gasgamīnjān and Gīsgamīn Jān ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nyzhnye ( Ukrainian : Нижнє , Polish : Butelka Niżna ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
The Verbandspokal ( English : Association Cup ) is a regional football competition in Germany .
Kolonia Brużyca ( kɔˈlɔɲa bruˈʐɨt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mount Entoto ( Amharic : እንጦጦ ? ) is the highest peak overlooking the city of Addis Ababa , the capital of Ethiopia , and has views of the city .
Argilos ( Greek : Άργιλος ) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece .
Sachigo Lake First Nation is an Oji - Cree First Nation band government in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Pusta Ves is a village at municipality Prašník in Piešťany District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia .
Olya - e Khaledabad ( Persian : علياخالداباد‎ , also Romanized as `` Olyā - e Khāledābād ; also known as `` Olyā ) is a village in Rudbal Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 812 , in 202 families .
Yishun Park is a 14-hectare park in Yishun , Singapore .
Palkonya ( Croatian : Plakinja , Palkonija ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Mogotio is a township in Kenya 's Baringo County in the former Rift Valley Province .
Yi Sun - sin Bridge 이순신대교 is a suspension bridge in the south coast of South Korea .
Danforth Avenue ( informally also known as the Danforth ) is an east - west arterial road in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund ( English : `` Workers ' Federation of Sports '' ) was a sporting organization in Norway between 1924 and 1946 .
The Sanaga River is a river of South Province , Cameroon , Centre Province , Cameroon , and West Province , Cameroon .
Panjakent ( Tajik : Панҷакент ; Persian : پنجکنت‎‎ ; Russian : Пенджикент ) , also spelled Panjikent , Panjekent , Panjikant or Penjikent , is a city in the Sughd province of Tajikistan on the Zeravshan River , with a population of 33,000 ( 2000 census ) .
Wola Otałęska ( ˈvɔla ɔtaˈwɛ̃ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Motueka High School is a coeducational secondary school in Motueka , New Zealand established in 1955 .
The Lerma River ( Spanish : Río Lerma ) is Mexico 's second longest river .
Mollasani Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ملاثانی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Uruaçu is a city and municipality in north Goiás state , Brazil .
Gluhovići ( Serbian : Глуховићи ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Šemša ( Hungarian : Semse , 1280 Scemse , 1310 Sempse , 1318 Scemse , Zemsce , Scemche , 1328 Zemse , Zemsa , 1350 Scemcha , 1427 Scempse ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Gilgel Gibe River is a tributary of the Gibe River in southwest Ethiopia .
The production area for Madiran wine is spread over three départments - Gers , Hautes - Pyrénées and Pyrénées - Atlantiques - and is a part of the South West France wine region .
Kroppenstedt is a town in the Börde district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany , formerly known as Kroppenstaedt in the Kingdom of Prussia .
The Großer Eutiner See is a lake in Holstein Switzerland , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Bifröst University is located in the valley of Norðurárdalur , approximately 30 kilometers north of Borgarnes , Iceland .
Cinere is a commuter area , a district of its own , a breakaway region , which includes the expansion areas within the administrative area of the city of Depok , West Java , Indonesia ( was as part of districts Limo ) It has a population of 113,716 .
Khaar ( Pashto : ښار‎ , X̌ār ) , also spelled Khar , is a town in the Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Betzet ( Hebrew : בֶּצֶת ) is a moshav in the Western Galilee in northern Israel .
Izby ( ˈizbɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Ізби , Izby ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uście Gorlickie , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Anolaima ( Spanish pronunciation : ( anoˈlaima ) ) is a municipality and township of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca .
Akornat Strait ( Danish : Sortenhul ) is a strait in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Bur Dubai ( in Arabic : بر دبي ) is a historic district in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , located on the western side of the Dubai Creek .
Cham - e Gorgali ( Persian : چم گرگعلي‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Gorg``alī ) is a village in Qalayi Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 14 families .
The Bata Shoes Head Office in Toronto , Canada was Bata Shoes ' former headquarters .
Palacio Taranco , located in front of the Plaza Zabala , in the heart of the Old City of Montevideo , Uruguay , is a palace erected in the early 20th century during a period in which the architectural style was influenced by French architecture .
One of the worst natural catastrophes in Brazil took place in Tubarão , on March 28 , 1974 .
Aarhus Docklands ( Danish : Aarhus Ø ) is a new neighbourhood and construction project in Aarhus , Denmark .
Tolombeh - ye Abbas Salehi ( Persian : تلمبه عباس صالحي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye ʿAbbās Şāleḥī ) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Preparatory School Islamabad is a privately owned co - educational school in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Mount Scoria Conservation Park is a park near Thangool , Queensland in Central Queensland , Australia , about 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) south - east of Biloela .
Fernão Ferro is a civil parish , in the municipality of Seixal in the district of Setúbal , Portugal .
Yeyənkənd ( also , Yegenkend ) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pillaton ( Cornish : Trebeulyow ) is a village and civil parish in south east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Delft ( ( dɛlft ) ) is a city and a municipality in the Netherlands .
Chyappara ( Russian : Чыаппара ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Alagarsky Rural Okrug of Churapchinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 89 kilometers ( 55 mi ) from Churapcha , the administrative center of the district .
Serra del Tallat is a mountain range of the Catalan Central Depression , Catalonia , Spain .
The Chamak copper plates are an epigraphic record of the Vākāṭaka dynasty , documenting a land donation to brāhmaṇas in the reign king Pravarasena II in the fifth century CE . They were found at Chamak , in District Amravati , Maharashtra , India .
The Autodrome Saint - Eustache is a motor sport complex in Saint - Eustache , Quebec , Canada established in 1965 , which contains a .40-mile paved oval and a 1-mile paved road course with hot pits , grandstands and services .
Funtensee is a lake in the Steinernes Meer plateau in the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden , Bavaria , Germany located on the larger of the two sinkholes of the uvala , known for record low temperatures up to 30 ° C ( 54 ° F ) lower than the surrounding area .
Bécordel - Bécourt ( formerly known as Bécourt - Bécordel ) is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Nueltin Lake ( Chipewyan : Nu - thel - tin - tu - ch - eh , meaning `` sleeping island lake '' ) straddles the Manitoba - Nunavut border in Canada .
Kritou Terra ( Greek : Kρήτου Τέρρα ( locally ( ˌkritu ˈterːa ) ) ; Turkish : Giritutera ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km east of Dhrousha .
Sjeverin ( Cyrillic script : Сјеверин ) is a village in the Raška ( Sandžak ) area of Serbia , located in the municipality of Priboj , in the district of Zlatibor , close to the border with Bosnia .
Lizio ( Breton : Lizioù ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
The Gibran Khalil Gibran Garden is a 6,000-square - meter public garden in the Centre Ville area of Beirut , Lebanon , facing the UN House , the headquarters of ESCWA , the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia .
Vrbové ( German : Vrbau ( modernized : Werbau ) ; Hungarian : Verbó ) is a town in the Trnava Region of Slovakia .
Alun Abbasi ( Persian : الون عباسي‎ , also Romanized as Ālūn ʿAbbāsī ; also known as Ālūn and Alūn ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Taraji Kola ( Persian : ترجيكلا‎ , also Romanized as Tarājī Kolā ; also known as Tarāj Kolā ) is a village in Ganjafruz Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ascoli Piceno ( ( ˈaskoli piˈtʃɛːno ) listen ; Latin : Asculum ) is a town and comune in the Marche region of Italy , capital of the province of the same name .
Mueang Kai ( Thai : เมืองก๋าย ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Taeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Ilsan - gu is the name of two districts or wards ( Ilsandong - gu , literally `` Eastern Ilsan district '' , and Ilsanseo - gu , literally `` Western Ilsan district '' ) in Goyang , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Nafa - khum ( Bengali : নাফাখুম ) is a waterfall in Bangladesh on the Sangu River .
Osęczyzna ( ɔsɛnˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Occitania national football team is the football team of Occitania , which is the name given to areas of southern France , westernmost Italy and a small valley in northern Spain where the Occitan language is spoken .
Qeshlaq - e Akhmud - e Olya ( Persian : قشلاق اخمودعليا‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Akhmūd - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 26 , in 7 families .
Jhungle ( Urdu : جهونگل‎ ) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Frøyfjorden is a fjord between the islands of Frøya and Hitra in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Skardu Fort or Kharpocho ( Balti : کھر فچو ) means The king of Forts is a fort in Skardu city in Gilgit - Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Rábaszentmiklós is a village in Hungary , in the Győr - Moson - Sopron county .
Rashaya District ( Arabic : قضاء راشيا‎ ) is an administrative district in the Beqaa Governorate of the Republic of Lebanon .
Želodnik ( pronounced ( ʒɛˈloːdnik ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Khaptad National Park is a protected area in the Far - Western Region , Nepal that was established in 1984 .
Husein - paša 's Mosque ( Bosnian : Husein - pašina džamija , Хусеин-пашина џамија ) is a well - known mosque in Pljevlja , Montenegro .
The Rainforests of the Atsinanana is a World Heritage Site that was inscribed in 2007 and consists 13 specific areas in six national parks in the eastern part of Madagascar :
Capolona is a small town and comune in Tuscany , central Italy , on the right bank of the River Arno .
Ringkøbing is a town in Ringkøbing - Skjern municipality in Region Midtjylland on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in west Denmark .
The Österreichische Galerie Belvedere is a museum housed in the Belvedere palace , in Vienna , Austria .
The Ryerson Fiction Award , also known as the All - Canada Prize , was a Canadian literary award , presented irregularly between 1942 and 1960 .
Sarv Kani ( Persian : سروكاني‎ , also Romanized as Sarv Kānī , Sarūkānī , and Seroukani ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Arenales River ( Spanish , Río Arenales ) is a river of Argentina .
Mojżeszów ( mɔi̯ˈʐɛʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cap - Vert is a peninsula in Senegal , and the westernmost point of the continent of Africa and of the Old World mainland .
Phu Ruea National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติภูเรือ ) is a national park in Loei Province , Thailand .
Episkopi Bay ( Greek : Κόλπος Επισκοπής ; Turkish : Piskobu Körfezi ) is a bay on the south - western shore of Cyprus , between Paphos and Akrotiri .
Ol Doinyo Lengai , `` Mountain of God '' in the Maasai language , is an active volcano located in the Gregory Rift , south of Lake Natron within the Arusha Region of Tanzania .
Idogo ( also spelled Idawgo ) is a town in western Nigeria fairly close to the border with Benin .
Kaleh Kaleh Olya ( Persian : كله كله عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kaleh Kaleh ʿOlyā ) is a village in Itivand - e Shomali Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Magdalena River ( Spanish : Río Magdalena , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈri.o maɣðaˈlena ) ; Less commonly Rio Grande de la Magdalena ) is the principal river of Colombia , flowing northward about 1,528 kilometres ( 949 mi ) through the western half of the country .
Kani Bodagh ( Persian : كاني بداغ‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Bodāgh ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Porta Pia is a gate in the Aurelian Walls of Rome , Italy .
Frunză ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈfrunzə ) ) is a town in Ocniţa district , Moldova .
The Paloona Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in northern Tasmania , Australia .
Dacian fortress of Bănița is one of the six Dacian Fortresses of the Orăștie Mountains , in Romania .
Chah - e Vatan Dust ( Persian : چاه وطن دوست‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Vaṭan Dūst ) is a village in Yunesi Rural District , Yunesi District , Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nəcəflər ( also , Nadzhaflar and Nadzhaflyar ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Golden Grove Airport ( ICAO : YGGE ) is located at Golden Grove Mine , Western Australia .
Łomża Landscape Park of the Narew Valley ( Polish : Łomżyński Park Krajobrazowy Doliny Narwi ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in north - eastern Poland , on the banks of the Narew river , close to the town of Łomża , to the south - east .
Obre Lake / North of Sixty Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CKP8 ) on Obre Lake , Northwest Territories , Canada is adjacent to the lodge .
The Karenga Community Wildlife Management Area ( KCWMA ) is a conservation area in northeastern Uganda .
Ras Bar Balla is an historic town in the southern Lower Juba region of Somalia .
Ramadi ( Arabic : الرمادي‎ ; BGN : Ar - Ramādī ; also formerly rendered as Rumadiyah or Rumadiya ) is a city in central Iraq , about 110 kilometers ( 68 mi ) west of Baghdad and 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) west of Fallujah .
New Manor Town is an affordable housing project in the town of Manor , India .
San Giuseppe alla Lungara is a church of Rome ( Italy ) , in the Rione Trastevere , facing on Via della Lungara .
Hjalteyri is a tiny fishing village in northern Iceland in the Norðurland eystra region .
Schloss Warthausen ( Warthausen palace ) is a schloss ( large country palace ) near the town of Warthausen in Germany .
Finnish communications regulatory authority or FICORA ( Finnish : Viestintävirasto , Swedish : Kommunikationsverket ) , located in Helsinki , is the public authority responsible of communication regulations in Finland .
Kasarnaba قصرنبا is a town in Beqaa Governorate , Baalbek District , Lebanon famous for its hilly terrain and Traditional Agricultural practices .
Nowa Kościelnica ( ˈnɔva kɔɕt͡ɕelˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Neumünsterberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tappeh Hammam - e Vosta ( Persian : تپه حمام وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Ḩammām - e Vosţá ; also known as Tappeh Ḩamām and Tappeh Ḩammām - e Vasaţ ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Vrbičje ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈbiːtʃjɛ ) ) is a small settlement southwest of Sveti Jurij in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Thaba Chweu Local Municipality , is a municipality of South Africa , located in the Ehlanzeni District Municipality , Mpumalanga .
The Chalmers Lindholmen University College or Chalmers Lindholmen was a university college , and an affiliate of Chalmers University of Technology , located in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Oakley Block Dam is a proposed reservoir on the Mzingwane River , south of West Nicholson , Zimbabwe with a capacity of 41 million cubic metres .
Deh - e Said ( Persian : ده سعيد‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Sa``īd ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 225 , in 50 families .
The Praça XV de Novembro , ( English : 15 November Square ) is a public square in the Centro section of the city of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Pamiers Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Antonin de Pamiers ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and national monument of France located in the town of Pamiers .
The Ila Line ( Norwegian : Ilalinjen ) is tramway between Trondheim Torg and Ila in Trondheim , Norway .
Maliq is a town and a municipality in Korçë County of eastern Albania .
Gboko is a fast - growing town in the Benue State of North - central Nigeria .
Otoyol 20 ( English : Motorway 20 ) , abbreviated as , aka Ankara Çevreyolu ( English : Ankara Beltway ) , is a motorway in Ankara , Turkey that forms the ring road of the city .
Għajn Ħadid Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' Għajn Ħadid ) , originally known as Torre di Salomone , is a ruined watchtower in Selmun , limits of Mellieħa , Malta .
Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz ( Polish : Uniwersytet Kazimierza Wielkiego w Bydgoszczy ; UKW ) , also known as the Casimir the Great University , is a state - funded university in Bydgoszcz , Poland .
The University of Évora ( Universidade de Évora ) is a public university in Évora , Portugal .
Mezdreya ( Bulgarian : Мездрея ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Berkovitsa Municipality of the Montana Province .
The World Heritage Committee by its decision of June 2014 approved the extension of the UNESCO World Heritage site `` Belovezhskaya Pushcha / Białowieża Forest , Belarus , Poland '' , which became `` Białowieża Forest , Belarus , Poland '' .
Valdevaqueros is a village and beach in the municipality of Tarifa in the Province of Cadiz in southern Spain .
Szulborze Wielkie ( ʂulˈbɔʐɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Aristazabal Island is an island situated south west of Princess Royal Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Sonai Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary ( Assamese : সোনাই ৰূপাই অভয়াৰণ্য ) is a protected area located in the state of Assam in India .
Daranali was an old district of Armenia c. 400 - -800 .
Jobbik , the Movement for a Better Hungary ( Hungarian : Jobbik Magyarországért Mozgalom ) , commonly known as Jobbik ( pronounced ( ˈjobːik ) ) , is a Hungarian radical nationalist political party .
La Salve is a quarter in the 2nd district of the city of Bilbao , Spain .
Varani is a small town located in the region of Northern Province in Sri Lanka .
Monte Bissau is a mountain located in the central part of the island of São Nicolau in Cape Verde .
Ganot Hadar ( Hebrew : גַּנּוֹת הָדָר , lit . Citrus Gardens ) is a communal settlement in central Israel .
Myndalne ( Ukrainian : Миндальне ; Russian : Миндальное ) is a village in the Sudak Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Lokovec ( pronounced ( lɔˈkɔːʋəts ) ) is a dispersed settlement in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica .
Penryn Athletic F.C. are a football club based in Penryn , Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
Akok is a small town in northern Gabon on the border with Cameroon .
Mikhalkino ( Russian : Михалкино ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 80 kilometers ( 50 mi ) from Chersky , the administrative center of the district and 44 kilometers ( 27 mi ) from Pokhodsk .
Legen ( pronounced ( ˈleːgən ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Mabalane District is a district of Gaza Province in south - western Mozambique .
Třeboň ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtr̝̊ɛboɲ ) ; German : Wittingau ) is a historical town in South Bohemian Region of Czech Republic .
Peremyotnoye ( Russian:Перемётное ) is a selo in far north - western Kazakhstan .
The Senvion 6MW turbine with the same rotor diameter has been operational in Elhöft , Germany since 2009 , well ahead of any other turbine manufacturers in this class in the world .
Cuise - la - Motte is a commune in the Oise department in northern France It has a thriving L'Arche community , which was founded in the nearby town of Trosly .
The Victorian Ice Hockey Association , currently trading as Ice Hockey Victoria is the governing body of ice hockey in Victoria , Australia .
Oberlangenstadt is a village in the municipality of Küps in Kronach district , Upper Franconia , in the state of Bavaria , Germany .
Chehregan ( Persian : چهرگان‎ , also Romanized as Chehregān ; also known as Chegrevan , Chehraqān , Chehravān , Chehrehqān , and Chehreqān ) is a village in Chehregan Rural District , Tasuj District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Diocese of Lapua is one of nine dioceses within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland .
Siddhatek is a town in the Ahmednagar district of the western part of India located on the Bhima River .
Lázně Bludov or Bludovské lázně is a spa situated in Bludov , Czech Republic .
The Autopista AP-8 is a highway ( autopista ) in the north of Spain and crosses the Basque Country from east to west .
Margh Malek Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مرغملك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Laran District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Orient Forest Regional Natural Park ( French : Parc naturel régional de la Forêt d'Orient ) is a protected area of woodlands and lakes in the Champagne - Ardenne region of France .
Nader Goli ( Persian : نادرگلي‎ , also Romanized as Nāder Golī ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Petroglyphs of Sikachi - Alyan are Petroglyphs on basalt rocks located near the Sikachi - Alyan Nanai village ( Khabarovski krai , Russia ) .
Kumarapediya is a town located in the North Western Province of Sri Lanka at an altitude of 148 metres ( 488 feet ) .
Beňadikovce ( Hungarian : Benedekvágása , Rusyn : Бенядиківцї ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Riverside Girls High School is a secondary , public , day school for girls , located in Gladesville , a suburb of Sydney , Australia .
Kostenets ( Bulgarian : Костенец ) is a town in Sofia Province in southwestern Bulgaria , and the administrative centre of the Kostenets Municipality ( which also contains a separate village of Kostenets ) .
Estavillo is a village located in the municipality of Armiñón , province of Álava ( Araba ) , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Lake Leśnia ( Polish Jezioro Leśniańskie , German Marklissa - Talsperre ) is a small artificial lake , located on the Kwisa river , between towns of Leśna and Gryfow Slaski in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , southwestern Poland .
Tepetlaoxtoc de Hidalgo is a town and the seat of the municipality of Tepetlaoxtoc , which contains the archeological site of Tepetlaoxtoc , in the State of Mexico in Mexico .
Skrybicze ( skrɨˈbit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Vassfjell Chapel ( Norwegian : Vassfjellkapellet ) is a chapel in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Kehrsatz Castle ( German : Schlössli Kehrsatz ) is a castle in the municipality of Kehrsatz of the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
The city of Buzău ( formerly spelled Buzeu or Buzĕu ; Romanian pronunciation : ( buˈzəw ) ; German : Busäu , Hungarian : Bodzavásár , Turkish : Boze ) is the county seat of Buzău County , Romania , in the historical region of Wallachia .
Cewków ( ˈt͡sɛfkuf ) ( Ukrainian : Цівків , Tsivkiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzików , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sołdany Wielkie ( sɔu̯ˈdanɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Boratyniec Ruski ( bɔraˈtɨɲet͡s ˈruskʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Боратинець Руський , Boratynets '' Rus’kyi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gržeča Vas ( pronounced ( ɡəɾˈʒeːtʃa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Gržeča vas , in older sources also Gršeča Vas , German : Gerschetschendorf ) is a village west of Veliki Podlog in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Postgasse is one of the streets in the Old City of Bern , the medieval city center of Bern , Switzerland .
The Sternberg Astronomical Institute ( Государственный астрономический институт имени Штернберга in Russian ) , also known as GAISh ( ГАИШ ) , is a research institution in Moscow , Russia , a division of Moscow State University .
Ugtaal ( Mongolian : Угтаал , also Ugtaaltsaidam , To welcome ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
The Mucca Pisana is a breed of cattle from Tuscany , in central Italy .
London Arch ( formerly London Bridge ) is an offshore natural arch formation in the Port Campbell National Park , Australia .
Leithfield is a small town in north Canterbury , New Zealand .
Onueke is the ancestral headquarters of the Ezza , one of the most populous clans in the Ebonyi State of Nigeria .
Kamal Ahmadi ( Persian : كمال احمدي‎ , also Romanized as Kamāl Aḩmadī ) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District , Bord Khun District , Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Skepplanda Church ( Swedish : Skepplanda kyrka ) is a church in Nödinge - Nol , Västergötland , Sweden .
Uppsala University Hospital ( Swedish : Akademiska sjukhuset , often referred to colloquially as `` Akademiska '' or `` Ackis '' ) in Uppsala , Sweden is a teaching hospital for the Uppsala University Faculty of Medicine and the Nursing School .
Awastara is a city populated by the Miskito people located in the department of North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region in Nicaragua .
Jach'a Pukara ( Aymara jach'a big , pukara fortress , `` big fortress '' , hispanicized spelling Jachcha Pucara ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,300 metres ( 14,108 ft ) high .
Wuvulu Island ( also known as Mary Island , Matty , Maty Island , Tiger Island , Tiger - Inseln and Wuwulu ) is part of the Western Islands of the Bismarck Archipelago in the western Pacific Ocean , part of Manus Province , Papua New Guinea .
Junkee Media , formerly known as Sound Alliance , is a digital media company based in Australia .
San Vittore alle Chiuse is a Roman Catholic abbey and church in the comune of Genga , Marche , Italy .
Dimandougou ( also known as Kouadianinabango ) is a town in eastern Ivory Coast .
Pribislavec ( Hungarian : Zalaújvár ; Kajkavian : Prslavec ) is a village and a municipality in Međimurje County , in northern Croatia .
Bierzkowo ( bʲɛʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Osku ( Persian : اسكو‎ , Azerbaijani : Üçqaya - اوشقایا also Romanized as Oskū ; also known as Uzku and Yuzki ) is a city in and the capital of Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Canadian Luge Association is the governing federation for luge in Canada .
Intencity is a chain of video arcades owned by Australian company Village Roadshow Limited , with arcade locations in most states of Australia .
The Gokstad ship is a 9th - century Viking ship found in a burial mound at Gokstad in Sandar , Sandefjord , Vestfold , Norway .
The Oberliga Rheinland - Pfalz / Saar , formerly the Oberliga Südwest , is the highest regional football league for the Rhineland - Palatinate and Saarland state of Germany .
Sina Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سينا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Royapettah is a centrally located neighbourhood in the city of Chennai , India .
The Bodstedter Bodden is a lagoon , of the type known as a bodden , that is part of the Darss - Zingst Bodden Chain and the Western Pomerania Lagoon Area National Park in northeastern Germany .
Pishurka ( Bulgarian : Пишурка ) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria .
Žuráň ( 268 metres ) is a small hill near the village of Podolí in the Czech Republic .
Toskabon ( Persian : تسكابن‎ , also Romanized as Toskābon ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Obninsk ( Russian : О́бнинск ) is a city in Kaluga Oblast , Russia , located on the bank of the Protva River 100 kilometers ( 62 mi ) southwest of Moscow and 80 kilometers ( 50 mi ) from Kaluga .
Fusine in Valromana ( Slovene : Bela Peč , German : Weißenfels ) is a frazione ( fractional parish ) of the comune of Tarvisio in the Province of Udine , in the Friuli - Venezia Giulia region of northeastern Italy .
Dueodde is a beach in Denmark on Bornholm 's southernmost tip . It is known for its very fine white sand .
Padang Island is an island in Riau province , Indonesia , close to the east coast of Sumatra island .
GD Goenka La ' Petite , Gurgaon , is a private Montessori preschool run by the G D Goenka group , New Delhi , India .
Voidomatis ( Greek : Βοϊδομάτης ) is a river in the Ioannina regional unit in northwestern Greece , and is a tributary of the Aoös river .
Aín ( Spanish : Ahín ) is a town in eastern Spain , in the province of Castellón , part of the autonomous community of Valencia .
Kuli Khoda Karam ( Persian : كولي خداكرم‎ , also Romanized as Kūlī Khodā Karam ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Châteaudun ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃɑtodœ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Eure - et - Loir department in northern France .
Grue Stadion is a municipal multi - purpose stadium located in Kirkenær in Grue , Norway .
The 2007 World Judo Championships are the 25th edition of the Judo World Championships , and were held at the Rio Olympic Arena , usually called Arena Multiuso , that was built for the 2007 Pan - American Games , in Jacarepaguá , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil from September 13 to September 16 , 2007 .
Kidapawan is the second largest producer of fruit in the Philippines , after Davao City .
Melhus Station ( Norwegian : Melhus stasjon ) is a railway station in the village of Melhus in the municipality of Melhus in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Vrh pri Sobračah ( in older sources also Vrh pri Subračah , German : Werch bei Subratsche ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Al - Jeshah ( Arabic = الجشة ) is a village in Al - Ahsa in Saudi Arabia and one of Al - Ahsa eastern villages .
Mount Banahaw ( alternative spelling : Banahao or Banájao ) is an active volcano on Luzon in the Philippines .
Carapelle Calvisio is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Luda Kamchiya ( Bulgarian : Луда Камчия , Luda Kamčija `` Mad Kamčija '' ) is a river in eastern Bulgaria , the main tributary of the Kamchiya river .
San Nicolás del Puerto is a municipality in the autonomous community of Andalusia , province of Seville , Spain .
Alpbach ( German : ( ˈalpax ) UL - pukh , locally : ( ˈɔɪ̯b̥ɔx ) OY - bawkh ) is a town in western Austria in the state of Tyrol .
South Dagon Township ( also South Dagon Myothit ; Burmese : ဒဂုံမြို့သစ်တောင်ပိုင်း မြို့နယ် ( dəɡòʊɴ mjo̰ðɪʔ tàʊɴbáɪɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the southeastern part of Yangon , Myanmar .
Warbah Island ( Arabic : جزيرة وربة‎ ) is an island belonging to Kuwait , located in the Persian Gulf , near the mouth of the Euphrates River .
The Davos Congress Centre is the major convention centre in Davos , Switzerland .
Roonstrasse Synagogue , located in Cologne , Germany , is one of the five pre - Nazi synagogues of the locality , which was destroyed on November 9 , 1938 during nationwide attacks on Jewish - owned property ( Kristallnacht ) when Germany was under Nazi rule .
The Masutani Dam is a dam in Minamiechizen in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan .
Ribe Cathedral or Our Lady Maria Cathedral ( Danish : Ribe Domkirke or Vor Frue Maria Domkirke ) is located in the ancient city of Ribe , on the west coast of southern Jutland , Denmark .
Dera Allah Yar ( Urdu : ڈیرہ اللہ یار‎ ) is the headquarters and a small city of the Jaffarabad District of Balochistan , Pakistan .
The Solor Archipelago ( Indonesian : Kepulauan Solor ) is a group of islands in the Lesser Sunda Islands , Indonesia , lying to the east of Flores and to the west of the Alor Strait and the Alor Archipelago .
Asian Highway 68 ( AH68 ) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 278 km ( 174 miles ) from Jinghe , Xinjiang , China to Usharal , Kazakhstan connecting AH5 to AH60 .
Viewbank College is an Australian public secondary school located in the north eastern suburb of Viewbank , in Melbourne , Australia .
The Maastoren ( Dutch for Meuse Tower ) is with its height of 165 metres ( 541 feet ) the tallest building in the Netherlands .
Boradigah ( also , Baradigyakh , Boradigyakh , Boradygia , Boradygiya , Boradygyakh , Boradigakh , Boardiqex , and Vardygya ) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Siena ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsjɛːna ) ; in English sometimes spelled Sienna ) is a city in Tuscany , Italy .
Ceru Colorado is a village on the island of Aruba , located at the very southeastern tip of the island .
Gabrče ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾtʃɛ ) ; Italian : Gaberce ) is a village southwest of Senožeče in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Hôtel Montana is a hotel in the Pétionville suburb of Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
The Chartreuse de Champmol , formally the Chartreuse de la Sainte - Trinité de Champmol , was a Carthusian monastery on the outskirts of Dijon , which is now in France , but in the 15th century was the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy .
The Geleenbeek is a small river in Limburg , the Netherlands .
Bloomfield Stadium ( Hebrew : אצטדיון בלומפילד‎ ) is a 14,413-seat football stadium in the Tel Aviv District city of Jaffa , Israel .
Tropea Castle was a castle in Tropea in Vibo Valentia province of Calabria in southern Italy .
Tuomarila , ( Swedish Domsby ) is a district of Espoo , Finland .
Thiviers ( Occitan : Tivier ) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Vorupør is a coastal parish in the district of Thy on the North Sea coast of Jutland , Denmark .
Pečenjevce ( Serbian Cyrillic : Печењевце ) is a settlement in south - east Serbia ( Jablanica District ) , located at municipality Leskovac .
Tamandan ( Persian : تمندان‎ , also Romanized as Tamandān ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Brandval is a parish and former municipality in Hedmark county , Norway .
Bidsar ( Hindi : बीदसर , Rajasthani : बीदसर ) , or Beedsar is a village in the Laxmangarh administrative region of the Sikar district of Rajasthan state in India .
Sheikh Pur is a village located in the eastern part of Gujrat District in Pakistan .
Hajji Yar ( Persian : حاجي يار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Yār ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Borg á Mýrum is a farm and church estate due west of Borgarnes township in Iceland .
Chirip ( Russian : Чирип , Japanese : 北散布山 ) is a volcano located in the central part of Iturup Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Dhobitalao ( धोबीतलाव , `` Washerman 's Lake '' ) is a neighborhood in the city of Mumbai ( formerly Bombay ) in India .
The Feigenbaumklippe is a rock formation in the Oker valley in the Harz mountains of central Germany .
Tattarisuo ( Finnish ) , Tattarmossen ( Swedish ) is a northeastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland , east of the Helsinki - Malmi airport .
Tilava is a part of the City of East Sarajevo in East New Sarajevo municipality , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sihoť is the largest river island on the Danube in Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia , located in the district of Karlova Ves .
Iberia Airlines Flight 610 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Madrid to Bilbao , Spain .
The Manila North Cemetery ( Spanish : Cementerio del Norte ; formerly known also as Paáng Bundók ) , is one of the oldest cemeteries in Metro Manila , the Philippines .
Balkasar Bear Sanctuary , established in 2010 by Fakhar Abbas of WSPA ( now known as World Animal Protection ) , is an animal sanctuary located in Balkassar , Chakwal District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Sazeman - e Darya ( Persian : سازمان دريا‎ , also Romanized as Sāzemān - e Daryā ) is a village in Daland Rural District , in the Central District of Ramian County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Padre Pio Pilgrimage Church is a church in San Giovanni Rotondo , Italy owned by the Ordine dei Frati Minori Cappuccini di Foggia .
Greek National Road 59 is a national highway in northeastern Greece .
Jubaland State of Somalia , also known as Jubaland ( Somali : Jubbaland , Arabic : جوبالاند‎ ) , the Juba Valley ( Somali : Dooxada Jubba ) or Azania ( Somali : Azaaniya , Arabic : آزانيا‎ ) , is an autonomous region in southern Somalia .
Gifu Nagaragawa Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium at the Gifu Memorial Center in Gifu , Japan .
Alferrarede is a town and a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Abrantes , in Santarém District , Portugal .
Cerro Miramundo , also known as Montaña de la Soledad , is a hill covered with dry shrubland located a few kilometers south of the city of Zacapa in Guatemala .
Capital University of Economics and Business ( simplified Chinese : 首都经济贸易大学 ; traditional Chinese : 首都經濟貿易大學 ; pinyin : Shǒudū Jīngjì Màoyì Dàxué ) is a university in Beijing , People 's Republic of China .
Dar - e Bord ( Persian : دربرد‎ ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Lago di Ogliastro is an artificial lake in the province of Enna and the province of Catania , Sicily , Italy .
Somang Presbyterian Church is a PCK church located in Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Pettingen Castle ( French : Château de Pettange ) is located in the village of Pettingen some 4 km north of Mersch in central Luxembourg .
Krškany ( Hungarian : Kereskény ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Jalan Bani Bu Ali is a commercial town and tourist destination in Oman .
Titi Uta ( Aymara titi Andean mountain cat ; lead , lead - coloured , uta house , `` mountain cat house '' or `` lead house '' , also spelled Titiuta ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
The Movement of Socialists ( Serbian : Покрет социјалиста Pokret socijalista , PS ) is a socialist political party in Serbia .
Kozinci ( Serbian : Козинци ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Valkeakoski ( lit . white rapids ) is a town and municipality in Finland .
Beurling Academy ( French : Académie Beurling ) is a high school located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Ran Pethani railway station ( Urdu : رن پٹھانی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Ran Pethani village , in Thatta district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Sandbostel is a municipality in Lower Saxony ( Niedersachsen ) in northwestern Germany , 43 km north - east of Bremen , 60 km west of Hamburg .
The Breachacha crannog is a crannog located near Loch Breachacha , on the Inner Hebridean island of Coll . The crannog is recognised in the United Kingdom as a Scheduled monument .
Kozły - Janowo ( ˈkɔzwɨ jaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Llanganates National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Llanganates ) is a protected area in Ecuador situated in the Cotopaxi Province , Napo Province , Pastaza Province and Tungurahua Province .
Lac à la Perchaude Airport , ( TC LID : CTE5 ) , was located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) west of Lac à la Perchaude , Quebec , Canada .
The Tsemperou ( Greek : Τσεμπερού ) is a mountain located in southern Arcadia , central Peloponnese , Greece .
Danse Macabre Records is a record label based in Wirsberg , Germany and founded by members of Das Ich .
The Oulu Prison ( earlier known as Oulu Provincial Prison ) is a prison located in the Myllytulli neighbourhood in Oulu , Finland .
Žagolič ( pronounced ( ˈʒaːɡɔlitʃ ) ) is a small village northwest of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Courtelary District was located in Switzerland and was one of the three French - speaking districts of the Bernese Jura , along with La Neuveville and Moutier .
Fruiz also known as Fruniz is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Gibostad Chapel ( Norwegian : Gibostad kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county , Norway .
Satun ( Thai : สตูล ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in southern Thailand , capital of the Satun Province .
Karaganda or Qaraghandy ( Kazakh : Қарағанды/Qarağandı ( qɑɾɑˈʁɑndə ) ) , more commonly known by its Russian name Karaganda ( Russian : Караганда , until 1993 ) , is the capital of Karaganda Region in Kazakhstan .
The National Collegiate Table Tennis Association ( NCTTA ) is a non - profit organization dedicated to promoting competitive table tennis at the collegiate level in the United States and Canada .
Zminjak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Змињак ) is a village in Serbia .
Mohenjo - daro railway station ( Urdu : موئن جو دڑو ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located near the historic site of Mohenjo - daro in Sindh province , Pakistan .
Lake Kitkajärvi is a rather large lake of Finland .
Little India MRT Station ( NE7/DT12 ) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North East Line and the Downtown Line in Singapore .
Coolrain , ( Irish : Cuil Ruain ) , is a village in County Laois , Ireland .
Nederluleå Church ( Swedish : Nederluleå kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Gammelstaden near Luleå in Norrbotten County , Sweden .
Belaya Gora Airport ( IATA : BGN , ICAO : UESG ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Belaya Gora , Abyysky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
Kisshō - ji , also Kichijō - ji ( 吉祥寺 , not to be confused with Kichijōji , the Tokyo neighbourhood ) is a Buddhist Temple located in Bunkyo , Tokyo , Japan .
V.V. Excelsior Maassluis is a football club from Maassluis , the Netherlands , founded in 1918 .
The New Jinja Bridge , also referred to as the Second Nile Bridge , or as the New Nile Bridge is a bridge under construction in Uganda .
Darvishan is a town in the southern province of Helmand in Afghanistan .
Aldeia Gavinha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫˈdɐjɐ ɡɐˈviɲɐ ) ) is a former civil parish , located in the municipality of Alenquer , in western Portugal .
Anjil Si ( Persian : انجيل سي‎ , also Romanized as Ānjīl Sī ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Flakièdougou ( also spelled Foulakédougou ) is a village in north - eastern Ivory Coast .
Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi is a little comune and town in the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
The Musée - Galerie de la Seita was a museum of tobacco - related objects located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris at 12 , rue Surcouf , Paris , France .
Mount Harmston is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located approximately 33 km ( 21 mi ) southwest of Courtenay and 3 km ( 2 mi ) north of The Red Pillar .
Qubuz ( Persian : قوبوز‎ , also Romanized as Qūbūz ; also known as Qūpūz ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Thrinia or sometimes Drinia ( Greek : Θρινια/Δρινια ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km nirth of Agios Dimitrianos .
Gorsko Ablanovo ( Bulgarian : Горско Абланово ) is a village in northern Bulgaria .
Sublimotion is a restaurant located in Sant Josep de sa Talaia , Ibiza , Spain run by Michelin 2-star chef Paco Roncero who utilizes molecular gastronomy in cooking .
Badkuh ( Persian : بادكوه‎ , also Romanized as Bādkūh ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , in the Central District of Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Almancil ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫmɐ̃ˈsiɫ ) ) is a town and civil parish in the municipality of Loulé , in the Algarve region in the south of Portugal .
Al Minhad Air Base ( Arabic : قاعدة المنهاد الجوية‎ ) ( IATA : NHD , ICAO : OMDM ) is a military installation in the United Arab Emirates .
Baltā māja ( English : White House ) is a national architectural monument in Latvia , national defense Nr.6183 .
The Perth Polo Club is a polo club in Guildford , a suburb of Perth , Western Australia .
Pawluki ( paˈvluki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Lakehead University is a public research university with campuses in Thunder Bay and Orillia , Ontario , Canada .
The Belmore Falls is a plunge waterfall with three drops on the Barrengarry Creek in the Southern Highlands and Illawarra regions of New South Wales , Australia .
Hestskjær Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Hestskjær fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Unnecessary Mountain , also called Mount Unnecessary , is a peak in the North Shore Mountains near Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada and a popular hiking destination .
The Max Planck Institute of Biophysics ( German : Max - Planck - Institut für Biophysik ) is located in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Lake Novillo ( `` Presa El Novillo '' in Spanish ) is a man - made lake in Sonora , Mexico , near the city of San Pedro de la Cueva .
The Bahamas Ministry of Tourism and Aviation is a government agency of The Bahamas .
Motlhabaneng is a village in Botswana on the north bank of the Motloutse River near the borders with South Africa and Zimbabwe .
The Gogo Formation in the Kimberley region of Western Australia is a Lagerstätte that exhibits exceptional preservation of a Devonian reef community .
The Burritts Rapids Bridge connects Donnelly Drive in Burritts Rapids to County Road 22 in North Grenville Township , Canada .
The Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad ( C&SL ) was a historic railway in Lower Canada , the first Canadian public railway and one of the first railways built in British North America .
Uden ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈydə(n ) ) ) is a municipality and a town in the province of Noord - Brabant , Netherlands .
Arakynthos ( Greek : Αράκυνθος ) is a former municipality in Aetolia - Acarnania , West Greece , Greece .
Bukovžlak ( pronounced ( ˈbuːkɔʒlak ) ; German : Buchenschlag ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Brussels ( Armstrong Field ) Airport , ( TC LID : CPD4 ) , is located adjacent to Brussels , Ontario , Canada .
Lepakko or Lepakkoluola was a place for independent youth culture in Helsinki , Finland , functioning from 1979 to 1999 .
Suva Planina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сува планина , meaning `` The dry mountain '' ) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia .
Gornja Radgona ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnja ˈɾaːdɡɔna ) ; German : Oberradkersburg Prekmurje Slovene : Gorenja Radgonja , Hungarian : Felsőregede ) is a town in Slovenia .
Mỹ Đình is a commune ( xã ) in Từ Liêm District , about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) north - west of central Hanoi , Vietnam .
Skallelv ( Kven : Kallijoki ; Northern Sami : Gállojohka ) is a village in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Lapuente is a village , or populated centre , in the Rivera Department of northeastern Uruguay .
Nir Banim ( Hebrew : נִיר בָּנִים , lit . Sons ' Meadow ) is a moshav in south - central Israel .
Fellow of the American Society of Genealogists ( FASG ) is an independent society of fellows reflecting the master class of genealogists within the United States of America .
Kazimierzowo ( kaʑimjɛˈʐɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Seires ( Greek : Σειρές , before 1928 : Βερσίτσι - Versitsi ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania , Achaea , Greece .
The Pindaya Caves ( Burmese : ပင်းတယရွှေဥမင် , pronounced : ( pɪ́ɴdəja̰ ʃwè ṵmɪ̀ɴ ) ; officially ပင်းတယရွှေဥမင်သဘာဝလိုဏ်ဂူဘုရား ) , located next to the town of Pindaya , Shan State , Burma ( Myanmar ) are a Buddhist pilgrimage site and a tourist attraction located on a limestone ridge in the Myelat region .
Bošnjaci is a village and municipality in Vukovar - Srijem County in eastern Croatia .
Noel Kempff Mercado National Park is a national park in northeast Santa Cruz Department , Province of José Miguel de Velasco , Bolivia , on the border with Brazil .
San Quintín Military Airstrip ( IATA : SNQ ) is the military airstrip located at Military Camp Number 2-D , located in San Quintín , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , in the San Quintín Valley .
Lajan District ( Persian : بخش لاجان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Songgwangmae Memorial Museum ( aka Songgwang Maewon , Korean : 송광매기념관 ) is a museum located in Dong district , Daegu , South Korea .
Sokołowa Wola ( sɔkɔˈwɔva ˈvɔla ) ( Ukrainian : Соколова Воля , Sokolova Volia ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The American School of Classical Studies at Athens ( ASCSA ) ( Greek : Αμερικανική Σχολή Κλασικών Σπουδών στην Αθήνα ) is one of 17 foreign archaeological institutes in Athens , Greece .
The Carrière des Nerviens Regional Nature Reserve ( in French Réserve naturelle régionale de la carrière des Nerviens ) is a protected area in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of northern France .
The Tordino is a river flowing in the province of Teramo , in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
The Sekhareswar Temple is a Hindu temple situated in Lathanga village in Jagatsinghpur district of Orissa , India .
Nychalakh ( Russian : Нычалах ; Sakha : Нычалаах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Byyagnyrsky Rural Okrug of Allaikhovsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 190 kilometers ( 120 mi ) from Chokurdakh , the administrative center of the district .
Myeik District ( Burmese : မြိတ်ခရိုင် ) is a district in the Tanintharyi Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Plasë ( definite Albanian form : Plasa ) is a large village in Korçë County , Albania .
Park kultúry a oddychu abbreviated PKO ( English : Park of Culture and Relaxation ) and in the past commonly referred to as Pekáč was a complex of buildings in Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia by the Danube riverbank , built from 1943 to 1948 .
Tunanmarka , also Tunan Marka ( hispanicized spellings Tunanmarca , Tunan Marca ) , is an archaeological site in Peru .
Hariri Pontarini Architects was the recipient of the Royal Architecture Institute of Canada 's ( RAIC ) 2013 Architectural Firm Award , the 2006 Governor General 's Medal in Architecture for the Schulich School of Business at York University , and the World Architecture News ( WAN ) Award for the Bahá’í Temple of South America .
Picote Dam ( Portuguese : Barragem de Picote ) is a concrete arch dam on the Douro , located in the municipality Miranda do Douro , in Bragança District , Portugal .
Bokhat Alvan ( Persian : بخات علوان‎ , also Romanized as Bokhāt ʿAlvān ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
As of 2011 India Harsi Pind had a population of 2,817 .
Volterra , known to the ancient Etruscans as Velathri , to the Romans as Volaterrae , is a town and comune in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Bischwiller ( German : Bischweiler ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France just west of the Moder River .
Kłomnice ( kwɔmˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Odyssice undertook a number of concerts in October 2010 , including at ' de Boerderij ' in Zoetermeer , Netherlands .
Křišťanov ( German Christianberg ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Prachatice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Pinrang Regency is one of the twenty - one regencies in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia .
Aliçopehlivan ( formerly Koyunyeri ) is a village in the İpsala district of Edirne Province , Turkey .
Beran Selo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Беран Село ) is neighborhood of the city of Berane in north - eastern Montenegro .
Narkhed taluka is one of the 14 taluka of Nagpur district in state of Maharashtra , India .
Żyraków ( ʐɨˈrakuf ) is a village in Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Bezpraw ( ˈbɛspraf ) ( German : Kautzenberg ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Anguri ( Persian : انگورى‎‎ or Angoori or Angori ) is a settlement in Ghazni Province , Afghanistan .
Kohat Pass is a mountain pass in the North - West Frontier Province of Pakistan , connecting Kohat with Peshawar , crossing the Khigana Mountains .
Brännö is an island in the Southern Göteborg Archipelago and a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Dobrašina ( Serbian : Добрашина ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wilcze Laski ( ˈvilt͡ʂɛ ˈlaski ) ( formerly German Wulfflatzke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Synagogue of Besançon is the principal Jewish place of worship in the city of Besançon , France .
The Steeden name has become so synonymous with rugby league in Australia that it is often used as noun to describe the ball itself .
Red Deer Symphony is a regional professional orchestra based in Red Deer , Alberta , Canada .
Dr Maliso Mphele Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Tsolo , Eastern Cape in South Africa .
Rajskie ( ˈrai̯skʲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Райське , Rais’ke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Vale do Javari ( English language : Javari Valley ) is one of the largest Indigenous territories in Brazil , encompassing 85,444.82 km 2 ( 32,990 mi 2 ) , or an area larger than Austria .
Bremangerlandet is an island in Bremanger Municipality in the traditional district of Nordfjord in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Preguiças Lighthouse also called Mandacaru Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Maranhão , Brazil .
Nørager is a town with a population of 1,040 ( 1 January 2014 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Rebild municipality in Region Nordjylland on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark .
Solugerd ( Persian : سلوگرد‎ , also Romanized as Solūgerd ; also known as Sūlgar , Sūlgerd , and Sulgird ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Apollo International School is a residential school in Sonipat , Haryana , India .
Cham - e Dar Balut ( Persian : چمداربلوط‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Dār Balūţ ; also known as Dār Balūţ ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , Sirvan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Kitasoo / Xaixais First Nation , also known as the Kitasoo / Xaixais Nation , is the band government of the First Nations people of Klemtu , British Columbia , Canada .
Deux Mamelles , Collines des Mamelles , or simply Mamelles are twin hills located in Ouakam , a suburban commune of Dakar , in the Cap - Vert peninsula , Senegal .
Qaluy Sheykhan ( Persian : قالوي شيخان‎ , also Romanized as Qālūy Sheykhān ; also known as Qālū Sheykhān ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Orpikowo ( ɔrpiˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Adal Island ( Malay : Pulau Adal ) is an island located near the Timbun Mata island in Sabah , Malaysia .
Turkcell Kuruçeşme Arena is an open - air music venue located at Kuruçrşme neighborhood of Beşiktaş district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Peechi - Vazhani Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary headquartered in Peechi , Thrissur District of Kerala , India .
Wola Łobudzka ( ˈvɔla wɔˈbut͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dumlong mountain in Belaichori , Rangamati , Bangladesh may be the second highest mountain in the country , as claimed by Md . Wadud Mohosin Rubel with his three travel fellows , Asif Aminur Rashid , Nagib Meshkat & Abdul Haq in 2011 .
Fontem is a village in the Lebialem division of Cameroon .
Portimão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( puɾtiˈmɐ̃w ) ) is a town ( Portuguese : cidade ) and a municipality in the district of Faro , in the Algarve region of southern Portugal .
The Junee Roundhouse Railway Museum preserves the former Junee Locomotive Depot , a railway depot located on the Main Southern line in Junee , Australia .
Champagne Castle is a mountain in the central Drakensberg range , and is the second highest peak in South Africa .
Kincardine & District Secondary School ( KDSS ) is a public high school in the town of Kincardine , Ontario , Canada .
Strandhill or occasionally Larass ( Irish : an Leathros ) is a coastal village and townland in County Sligo , Ireland .
Fal River Links is a consolidation of ferry and boat services serving the River Fal , the River Truro , and Carrick Roads in Cornwall , United Kingdom , providing links to many coastal towns and villages .
Hlučín Region ( Czech : Hlučínsko ( familiarly Prajzsko ) , German : Hultschiner Ländchen , Polish : Kraik hulczyński ) is a historically significant part of Czech Silesia , today a part of the Moravian - Silesian Region in the Czech Republic , named after its largest town Hlučín .
The Höhlensteintal ( Italian : Val di Landro ; German : Höhlensteintal ) is a side valley of the Puster Valley in South Tyrol , Italy .
Nalagarh is a gateway to Himachal Pradesh in North India , 300 km of north Delhi and 60 km from Chandigarh .
The Røa Line ( Norwegian : Røabanen ) is a rapid transit line of the Oslo Metro , Norway , which runs from Majorstuen in Oslo to Østerås in Bærum .
Aubrac is a small village in the southern Massif Central of France .
Brąszewice ( brɔ̃ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Shaughnessy Cohen Prize for Political Writing is a Canadian literary award , presented by the Writers ' Trust of Canada to the best nonfiction book on Canadian political and social issues .
Lupche - Savino River ( Russian : Лупче-Савино ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Ras Maska ( also Ra 's Maska or Ras Masqa , Arabic : رأس مسقا‎ ) is a village located in the Koura District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Gornja Prekopa ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnja ˈpɾeːkɔpa ) ; in older sources also Gorenje Prekope , German : Oberprekope ) is a settlement west of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia .
Radio Sport ( previously Sports Roundup ) is a New Zealand sports radio network and the talkback sister network of Newstalk ZB .
The Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts , or the Kraków Academy of Fine Arts ( Polish : Akademia Sztuk Pięknych w Krakowie i m . Jana Matejki , usually abbreviated to ASP ) , is a public institution of higher learning located in downtown Kraków , Poland .
Fuente Vaqueros is a farming village in the province of Granada , Spain .
Suizhong County ( simplified Chinese : 绥中县 ; traditional Chinese : 綏中縣 ; pinyin : Suízhōng Xiàn ) is a county of southwestern Liaoning , People 's Republic of China .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammad Ali ( Persian : مزرعه محمدعلي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammad Alī ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Higher Technological Institute of Irapuato ( In Spanish : Instituto Tecnológico Superior de Irapuato ) , popularly known as ITESI , is a public , coeducational university located in the city of Irapuato , Guanajuato , Mexico .
Chaharsu Poshteh ( Persian : چهارسوپشته‎ , also Romanized as Chahārsū Poshteh ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Renmark Airport ( IATA : RMK , ICAO : YREN ) is an airport serving Renmark , South Australia .
The Davao del Norte State College is a public college in New Visayas , Panabo City , Philippines which provides instruction and progressive leadership in education , engineering , arts , sciences , fisheries , and other fields .
The Garda Mountains ( German : Gardaseeberge , Italian : Prealpi Gardesane ) , occasionally also the Garda Hills , are an extensive mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps in North Italy .
The Lindsay Creek is a tributary of the Water of Leith which runs through the northern suburbs of Dunedin , New Zealand .
Łowoszów ( wɔˈvɔʂuf ) ( German Lowoschau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Manalobe is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in southwest Madagascar .
Torre Aqualina ( Spanish , Aqualina Tower ) is a high - rise residential building completed in 2009 in Rosario , province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
The National Atmospheric Research Laboratory ( Hindi : राष्ट्रीय वायुमण्डलीय अनुसंधान प्रयोगशाला ) ( NARL ) is an autonomous Research Institute funded by the Department of Space of the Government of India .
San Gennaro al Vomero is a Neoclassic - style church , located on the corner of via Solimena and via Giovanni Bernini , near the piazza Vanvitelli in Naples , Italy .
Norrahammar Church ( Swedish : Norrahammars kyrka ) is a church building in Norrahammar in Sweden .
Abyek County ( Persian : شهرستان آبیک‎ ) is a county in Qazvin Province in Iran .
Nykulla is a village located in the Tjureda parish of northern Växjö Municipality , Sweden .
Faskhvod ( Persian : فسخود‎ , also Romanized as Fasakhowd , Fasakhūd , Faskhowd , and Faskhūd ; also known as Fassakhod ) is a village in Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Giardino Botanico Alpino Valderia is a botanical garden and nature preserve located in the Parco Naturale Alpi Marittime , Corso Dante Livio Bianco 5 , Valdieri , Province of Cuneo , Piedmont , Italy .
The Junkers F.13 ( also known as the F 13 ) was the world 's first all - metal transport aircraft , developed in Germany at the end of World War I. It was an advanced cantilever - wing monoplane , with enclosed accommodation for four passengers .
The Modern Centre Party ( Slovene : Stranka modernega centra , SMC ) is a political party in Slovenia led by Prime Minister Miro Cerar .
Assaye is a small village in the Jalna district of the state of Maharashtra in western India .
Motnik ( pronounced ( mɔˈtniːk ) ; German : Möttnig ) is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Randers Museum of Art ( Danish : Randers Kunstmuseum ) is a Danish art museum in Randers in northeastern Jutland , Denmark .
The Causapscal railway station is located at 142 Rue St - Jacques Sud near the end of Rue Cartier in the village of Causapscal , Quebec , Canada .
Lahore Junction railway station ( Urdu : لاہور جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) , ( Punjabi : لہور جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ) is the primary railway station and intercity transportation facility in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
El Qattah , also known as Qattah or El - Qattah , is an ancient Egyptian site in Lower Egypt , roughly 10 miles northwest of Letopolis .
The Apolima Strait is about 13 km wide and separates the two largest islands of Samoa , the island of Savai'i to the northwest , and Upolu to the southeast .
Petite - Synthe is a former commune of the Nord département in northern France .
Alore is a village in the Chiplun subdivision of Ratnagiri district , Maharashtra , India .
The Lammermoor Range is a range of rugged hills in Central Otago , in southern New Zealand .
Acıgöl - Nevşehir is a volcano in Turkey with an elevation of 1,689 metres ( 5,541 ft ) .
The Sabha River originates from Sabha Lake in eastern Nepal .
The Cootamundra Herald also published as The Cootamundra Daily Herald is a tri - weekly English language newspaper published in Cootamundra , New South Wales , Australia .
Jaczewek ( jaˈt͡ʂɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nyamirambo is a sector ( umurenge ) in Nyarugenge District , Kigali Province , Rwanda .
The Harbour of Eleutherios ( Greek : λιμήν Ἐλευθερίου ) , later known as the Harbour of Theodosius ( Greek : λιμήν Θεοδοσίου , Latin : Portus Theodosiacus ) was one of the ports of ancient Constantinople , the capital of the Byzantine Empire , located beneath the modern Yenikapi neighbourhood of Istanbul , Turkey ) .
The Istituto Europeo di Design ( IED ) is a design school in Italy .
Villavallelonga is a village and comune in the Abruzzo region in central Italy .
Ježni Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈjeːʒni ˈʋəɾx ) ; in older sources also Ješenji Vrh , German : Jeschenberg ) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Velika Kostrevnica in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
The Argentine Open or Abierto de la República or Abierto de Argentina is one of the oldest national golf open championships .
Halmstad is Sweden 's 20th - largest city by population and located about midway between Gothenburg ( the second most populous ) and Malmö ( the third ) .
Bavčići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бавчићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Arbrå is the second largest locality in Bollnäs Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 2,215 inhabitants in 2010 .
Weligama ( Sinhalese : වැලිගම ) is a town on the south coast of Sri Lanka , located in Matara District , Southern Province , Sri Lanka , governed by an Urban Council .
The Roxburgh Dam is the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand .
Severo - Kurilsk ( Russian : Се́веро-Кури́льск ; Japanese : 柏原 , Kashiwabara ) is a town and the administrative center of Severo - Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia , located in the northern part of the Kuril Islands , on the island of Paramushir .
Athletes from East Germany ( German Democratic Republic ; GDR ) and West Germany ( Federal Republic of Germany ; FRG ) competed together as the United Team of Germany at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley , United States .
Punjab International Public High School or PIPS ( Urdu : پنجاب انٹرنیشنل پبلك ہائی سکول‎ ) , is a public school based in Bhawana , Pakistan .
Ananda Central College ( Sinhala : ආනන්ද ම‍‍ධ්‍ය මහා විද්‍යාලය ) , is a co - educational National school in the Elpitiya division , Galle district , Sri Lanka .
Vrh nad Krašnjo ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾx nat ˈkɾaːʃnɔ ) ) is a small settlement on a hill above Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Monti Picentini is a mountain range and national park in southern Italy , part of the Apennines , traditionally part in the Campanian Apennines .
Bácum Municipality is a municipality of southwestern Sonora , in northwestern Mexico .
Boßdorf ( or Bossdorf ) is a village and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Nowa Bordziłówka ( ˈnɔva bɔrd͡ʑiˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Einang Sound Bridge ( Norwegian : Einangsundet bru ) is a road bridge in the municipality of Vestre Slidre in Oppland county , Norway .
WestConnex is a motorway scheme currently in the early stages of construction in Sydney , Australia .
Zayed University , `` جامعة زايد '' is the newest of the three government - sponsored higher education institutions in the United Arab Emirates .
The Al - Fourqaan mosque is a salafi Islamic mosque in which is part of Al - fourqaan Islamic Center in Eindhoven , Netherlands .
Burano is an island in the Venetian Lagoon , northern Italy ; like Venice itself , it could more correctly be called an archipelago of four islands linked by bridges .
Lamco Airport ( ICAO : GLLB ) is an airport serving Buchanan , in the Grand Bassa County in Liberia .
Beniaminów ( bɛɲaˈminuf ) is a village in Poland .
The Castle of Palazuelos ( Spanish : Castillo de Palazuelos ) is a castle located in Palazuelos Sigüenza , Spain .
The Auckland Southern Motorway ( also known as the Southern Motorway , and historically as the Auckland -- Hamilton Motorway ) is the major route south out of the Auckland Region of New Zealand .
Aiglon College is a private co - educational boarding school in Switzerland broadly modelled on British boarding school lines .
Lej da Vadret is a lake below Roseg Glacier in the Grisons , Switzerland .
Nuochakha ( Russian : Нуочаха ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of two settlements , in addition to Kerdyom , in Zhemkonsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Baden lies in the southwestern part of Germany .
Yeruham ( Hebrew : יְרוּחָם , יְרוֹחַם , Yeroham ) is a town ( local council ) in the Southern District of Israel , in the Negev desert .
The Ayu Islands ( Kepulauan Ayu ) , are a small archipelago south of the Asia Islands and north of Raja Ampat Islands in Indonesia .
Action Chapel International ( ACI ) is a Charismatic Christian church based in Accra , Ghana .
The Ålum Runestones are four Viking Age memorial runestones which are located at the church in Ålum , which is 9 kilometers west of Randers , Denmark .
It had a population of 3,848 according to the 2001 census of the United Kingdom , leading to claims by residents that Bembridge is the largest village in England .
Andipatti or Aundipatty is a town in Theni district in Tamil Nadu state in southern India .
La Bouza ( A Bouça , in Portuguese ) is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca , Castile and León , Spain .
As of 2001 India census , Kainakary North had a population of 8961 with 4501 males and 4460 females .
Wellington Girls ' College was founded in 1883 in Wellington New Zealand .
Omatako Dam is an earth - fill embankment dam about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) north of Okahandja in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia .
Bowen Hills railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland , Australia .
Eslamabad - e Baba Ahmad ( Persian : اسلام ابادبابااحمد‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Bābā Aḩmad ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Aghmāt ( pronounced locally Ughmat ) was an important medieval Berber town in mid - southern Morocco which is today an archaeological site known as `` Joumâa Aghmat '' .
Balkh Airlines was a short - lived airline headquartered in Mazar - i - Sharif , Afghanistan .
Chartres ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃaʁtʁ ) ) is a commune and capital of the Eure - et - Loir department in France .
Podlož ( pronounced ( pɔˈdloːʃ ) ) is a village north of Lož in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Taoyuan Innovation Institute of Technology ( TIIT ; Chinese : 桃園創新技術學院 ) is a private college in Zhongli District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Krukira is a Miskito Indian fishing community in the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua .
Ussangoda is a place of natural beauty and a designated archaeological site , situated on the Colombo - Kataragama road near Ambalantota - Nonagama Junction in Hambantota District of Sri Lanka .
The Grollo Tower was a proposed skyscraper development in the Docklands precinct of Melbourne , Australia .
The Rosengarten group ( Italian : Catinaccio ( katiˈnattʃo ) , Ladin : Ciadenac , Ciadenáze ) is a massif in the Dolomites of northern Italy .
The Bankura Unnayani Institute of Engineering ( BUIE ) is a Government Aided , TEQIP - II funded and ISO 9001:2008 Engineering Degree Institute located in Bankura , West Bengal , India .
Peteroa is a small town west southwest of the town of Sagrada Familia , Chile .
The Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport ( IATA : QSR , ICAO : LIRI ) , located in the municipality of Pontecagnano Faiano and close to Bellizzi , is an airport in southern Italy , near to Salerno and the west coastal areas of Amalfi to the north and Cilento to the south .
The Semmering railway ( German : Semmeringbahn ) in Austria , which starts at Gloggnitz and leads over the Semmering to Mürzzuschlag was the first mountain railway in Europe built with a standard gauge track .
Hapoel Gilboa Galil ( Hebrew : הפועל גלבוע גליל‎ ) is a professional basketball club that is based in north - east Israel .
The Premier peintre du Roi ( First painter to the King ) was a post within the administration of the Bâtiments du Roi of the Département de la Maison du Roi in France under the Ancien Régime .
Kilden Performing Arts Centre is a theater and concert hall on Odderøya in Kristiansand , Norway .
Khlong Lan National Park ( Thai คลองลาน ) is a 420 km2 ( 160 sq mi ) national park in Thailand .
Þórshöfn Airport ( Icelandic : Þórshafnarflugvöllur ) ( IATA : THO , ICAO : BITN ) is an airport located in Þórshöfn , a village in northeast Iceland .
Cheshmeh - ye Sabzi ( Persian : چشمه سبزي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Sabzī ) is a village in Tarrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Split Airport ( IATA : SPU , ICAO : LDSP ; Croatian : Zračna luka Split ) , also known as Resnik Airport ( Zračna luka Resnik ) , is the international airport serving the city of Split , Croatia .
Douala ( German : Duala ) is the largest city in Cameroon , the capital of Cameroon 's Littoral Region and the richest city in the whole CEMAC region of six countries .
Copenhagen Jazz Festival is an annual Jazz event , taking place in Copenhagen , the capital of Denmark , each July .
Santeramo in Colle is a town in the province of Bari and region of Apulia , southern Italy .
Matsu Nangan Airport ( traditional Chinese : 馬祖南竿機場 ; simplified Chinese : 马祖南竿机场 ; pinyin : Mǎzǔ Nángān Jīchǎng ) ( IATA : LZN , ICAO : RCFG ) is one of the airports in Lienchiang County , Fujian Province , Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
Nadrlje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Надрље ) is a village in Central Serbia ( Šumadija ) , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) , lying at 43 ° 48′27``N 20 ° 57′12''E , at the elevation of 520 m. According to the 2002 census , the village had 229 citizens .
The Taltson River is a roughly 500 kilometres ( 310 mi ) river in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Darah Gerdaleh ( Persian : داره گردله‎ , also Romanized as Dārah Gardaleh ; also known as Dār Gerdaleh and Dār Gerdāleh ) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bouko ( also spelled Bouka ) is a town in north - eastern Ivory Coast .
Kohhran Thianghlim ( The Holy Church ) is a nondenominational Christian sect in Mizoram , northeast India .
Baraut is a small city and municipal board in Baghpat district , Uttar Pradesh , India , just 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) from the national capital and falling within the National Capital Region .
The Surgut-2 Power Station on the Ob River in Russia is the largest gas - fired power station in the world , with an installed capacity of 5,597.1 MW in 2011 .
Untxillaitz , Untxillaitx , or Untzillatx , is a mountain of Biscay , Basque Country ( Spain ) , 934 m. high .
The Bassetki Statue is a monument from the Akkadian period ( 2350 - -2100 BCE ) in Mesopotamia that was found in the 1960s near the town of Bassetki in Duhok Governorate , northern Iraq .
Socialist German Workers Youth ( German : Sozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterjugend , abbreviated SDAJ in German and in English as SGWY ) is a political youth organization in Germany .
Collyer Quay ( Chinese : 哥烈码头 ) is a road in Downtown Core , Singapore that starts after Fullerton Road and ends at the junction of Raffles Quay , Finlayson Green and Marina Boulevard .
The Onerahi Branch , sometimes known as the Grahamstown Railway , was a branch line railway in the Northland Region of New Zealand .
The Shire of Banana is a local government area located in the Capricorn region of Queensland , Australia , inland from the regional city of Gladstone .
Oud - Oost is an officially designated area of the borough of Amsterdam - Oost ( Amsterdam East ) in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Eshtaol Forest is a forest in Israel , located north of Beit Shemesh and near Ta'oz and Neve Shalom .
Mashamba East is an open pit copper mine near to Kolwezi in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo , currently not being actively worked .
Cornwall Today is a monthly magazine , published 1994 onwards by Cornwall & Devon Media , from their offices at Phoenix Wharf , Truro , Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The Lontué River is a river in the province of Curicó in Chile .
Vyatskiye Polyany ( Russian : Вя́тские Поля́ны ) is a town in Kirov Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Vyatka River , 350 kilometers ( 220 mi ) southeast of Kirov .
The parish relies for its education on neighbouring villages with greater populations , save that the Japanese international boarding school Teikyo School United Kingdom is in Wexham .
Mayiladuthurai division is a revenue division of Nagapattinam district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Tanamarina or Tanamarina Bekisopa is a rural commune in Madagascar .
The International Boundaries Research Unit ( IBRU ) at Durham University in the United Kingdom integrates theory and practice in an academic setting .
The M. Chinnaswamy Stadium , located in Bangalore , Karnataka , is one of the cricket stadiums of India .
Mongrassano is a town and comune of the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy , located 42 kilometers northwest of Cosenza .
Bassano Romano is a town and comune in the province of Viterbo , in northern Lazio ( Italy ) .
The Volkswagen Bratislava Plant is an automotive factory and co - located test track in Bratislava , Slovakia owned by Volkswagen Group .
Dowgal ( Persian : دوگل‎ ; also known as Dowkal ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bourboulithra is a wetland located in the Neapoli district , west of Volos , Magnesia , Greece that is important for its biological diversity .
Al - Haraki ( Arabic : الحراكي‎ ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located northeast of Homs .
Dərəkərkənc ( also , Derekerkench ) is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Cam Ranh International Airport ( IATA : CXR , ICAO : VVCR ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Quốc tế Cam Ranh ) is located on Cam Ranh Bay in Cam Ranh , a town in the province of Khanh Hoa in Vietnam .
Khanekuk ( Persian : خانكوك‎ , also Romanized as Khanekūk ; also known as Khanehkūk and Khāneh - ye Kūk ) is a village and center of Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hukani - ye Sofla ( Persian : هوكاني سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Hūkanī - ye Soflá ; also known as Hūkānī , Hūkanī - ye Sabzeh , and Hūkānī - ye Sabzeh Soflá ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Kerend Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ramot Naftali ( Hebrew : רָמוֹת נַפְתָּלִי ) is a moshav in the Upper Galilee in northern Israel , near Israel 's border with Lebanon .
The Musée du Panthéon National Haïtien ( MUPANAH ) is a museum featuring the heroes of the independence of Haiti and the Haitian history and culture .
Cham Mardas ( Persian : چم مرداس‎ , also Romanized as Cham Mardās ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nackareservatet is a nature reserve along the border between Stockholm and Nacka Municipality in Sweden .
Kudippady also called as Kodiipady is a village in Puttur Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district , India , around 6 km from Puttur in Puttur Taluk .
Davoli ( Greek : Diavoloi ) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Moryntsi ( Ukrainian : Моринці ) is a village ( selo ) in central Ukraine .
The Company of the Cross was a lay religious order which was affiliated with the Anglican Church of Canada when founded .
Sakhvid Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سخويد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Canelles Reservoir is a reservoir in the Pre - Pyrenees area in Spain .
Romang is an island , part of Barat Daya Islands in Indonesia , located at 7.5833333 ° S 127.4333333 ° E , east of Wetar Island .
Camrose County is a municipal district in central Alberta , Canada .
The Arboretum et parc de la Rigolée is an arboretum and town park located on the Avenue des Isles in Avermes , Allier , Auvergne , France .
Norður - Ísafjarðarsýsla was a county of Iceland , located in the Westfjords ( Vestfirðir ) region of the country .
Koz cham Dherai koz cham is a part of Dherai village in Swat , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , Pakistan .
Sovereign People ( Pueblo Soberano ) is a political party in Curaçao founded in 2005 , which became after the Curaçao general election of 2012 the largest party in the Estates of Curaçao .
Semhar is the name of an area near the Red Sea Province of Eritrea , which has now become almost incorporated into the Northern Red Sea Region of Eritrea and Massawa was the capital city of the province .
Mapleview Centre or simply called Mapleview is a two - story shopping mall located in Burlington , Ontario , Canada on Maple Avenue and Fairview Street at the Queen Elizabeth Way ( QEW ) .
Stinson Theatres was a movie theatre chain in Central Ontario and the Georgian Triangle in Canada .
The high point of the group , and of the Siachen Muztagh , is Teram Kangri I. The peak lies on the boundary between China and the disputed Siachen Glacier region near the line of control between India and Pakistan .
Rozgorze ( rɔzˈɡɔʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hamilton Boys ' High School is a boys ' secondary school in Hamilton , New Zealand and is the largest secondary school in the Waikato region .
Zabrid ( Ukrainian : Забрід ) is a village ( selo ) in Busk Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Smrdáky is a spa village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia .
Bezanjerd ( Persian : بزنجرد‎ ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khalilabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Plains Vintage Railway & Historical Museum is a heritage railway and recreated historic village located inside the Tinwald Domain , Tinwald , New Zealand .
The Upper and Lower Fezouata formations of Morocco are Burgess shale - type deposits dating to the Lower Ordovician , filling an important preservational window between the common Cambrian lagerstätten and the Late Ordovician Soom shale .
Derakhshaniyeh ( Persian : درخشانيه‎ , also Romanized as Derakhshānīyeh ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Witsand is a small coastal town at the mouth of the Breede River in the Western Cape , South Africa .
The Xá Lợi Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Xá Lợi ; chữ Hán : 舍利寺 ) is the largest pagoda in Hồ Chí Minh City , Vietnam .
Boeung Kak ( Khmer : បឹងកក់ ) is an area in Khan Daun Penh and Khan Toul Kork centrally located in the capital city of Cambodia , Phnom Penh .
Ozherelye ( Russian : Ожерелье ; IPA : ( ɐʐɨˈrʲelʲjɪ ) ) is a town in Kashirsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 118 kilometers ( 73 mi ) south of Moscow and 10 kilometers ( 6.2 mi ) southeast of Kashira , the administrative center of the district .
Shekhanya ( Hebrew : שְׁכַנְיָה ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Rovaniemi Airport ( Finnish : Rovaniemen lentoasema ) ( IATA : RVN , ICAO : EFRO ) is the fifth biggest airport in Finland by annual number of passengers ( in 2012 ) , located in Rovaniemi , Finland , about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) north of Rovaniemi city centre .
The Von Bach Dam ( originally the Sartorius von Bach Dam ) is a rock - fill embankment dam on the Swakop River near Okahandja in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia .
Przesmyki ( pʂɛsˈmɨki ) is a village located in Masovian Voivodeship , near Siedlce , eastern Poland .
Szentistván is a village in Northern Hungary , in the Mezőkövesd district of Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county .
Cooper 's Camp is a city and a notified area in Nadia district under Ranaghat police station of Ranaghat subdivision in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Liquiñe River is a in the Andes of Los Ríos Region , Chile .
Catholic War Veterans ( officially called the Catholic War Veterans of the United States of America ) is a national organization established in 1935 .
Zalavan ( Persian : زلاوان‎ , also Romanized as Zalāvān ; also known as Zalāv ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kibish River is a river of southern Ethiopia , which defines part of that country 's border with South Sudan .
Norah Head Light is an active lighthouse located at Norah Head , a headland on the Central Coast , New South Wales , Australia , close to Toukley .
Moyamba District is a district in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone with a population of 260,910 in the 2004 census .
Chengalam is a village situated in the eastern part of Kottayam District ( 28 km ) in India .
The Newfoundland Seamounts are a group of seamounts offshore of Eastern Canada in the northern Atlantic Ocean .
Kandusar ( Persian : كندوسر‎ , also Romanized as Kandūsar ) is a village in Panjak - e Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Koninkrijksdag ( Papiamento : Dia di Reino , English : Kingdom Day , Frisian : Keninkryksdei ) is the commemoration of the signing of the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 15 December 1954 in Aruba , Curaçao , the Netherlands , and Sint Maarten .
The Banghwa Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the Gangseo - gu in Seoul and Goyang in Gyeonggi Province .
Cergy ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛʁ.ʒi ) ) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Santa Rosa National Park , in Spanish the Parque Nacional Santa Rosa , is a national park , in Guanacaste Province , northwestern Costa Rica .
Greve Lake ( Spanish : Lago Greve ) is an ice dammed lake in Chile formed by the advance of Brüggen Glacier .
Kópavogur ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈkʰoːupavɔɣʏr̥ ) ) is a city and Iceland 's second largest municipality by population .
Charbrowo ( xarˈbrɔvɔ ) ( German Charbrow , 1938 - 45 Degendorf , Kashubian : Charbrowò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Grand Manan Airport ( TC LID : CCN2 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) on Grand Manan Island , New Brunswick , Canada .
Dunrankin Drive Public School is an elementary school in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada , located in the Malton area .
La Hague is a cape at the tip of the Cotentin peninsula in Normandy , France .
Valley of the Seven Castles is an informal name given to the Eisch valley , in central Luxembourg .
Robeson Channel ( 82 ° 00′N 061 ° 30′W ) is a body of water lying between Greenland and Canada 's northernmost island , Ellesmere Island .
Ganj Kola - ye Pain ( Persian : گنج كلاپائين‎ , also Romanized as Ganj Kolā - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Pā’īn Ganjkolāh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Holy Trinity Avonside was a heritage - listed Anglican church located in Linwood , Christchurch , New Zealand .
Zgornja Kapla ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːrnja ˈkaːpla ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of the Drava River in the Municipality of Podvelka in Slovenia , on the border with Austria .
The Hollandse Brug is a bridge which crosses the Gooimeer and the IJmeer in the Netherlands .
Bjni Fortress ( Armenian : Բջնի Բերդ ) , is a medieval Armenian fortress located in the village of Bjni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Ranewal also known as Ranewal Syedan ( Urdu : رانیوال سیداں‎ ) is a family village in the west of Jalalpur Jattan in the Gujrat District of Punjab , Pakistan .
Ljubinje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубиње ) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Skånevik Church ( Norwegian : Skånevik kyrkje ) is a parish church in Etne municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Kykkos Monastery ( Greek : Ιερά Μονή Κύκκου or Κύκκος ( locally ( ˈt͡ʃikʰos ) ) for short , Turkish : Cikko Manastırı ) , which lies 20 km west of Pedoulas , is one of the wealthiest and best - known monasteries in Cyprus .
Tando ( Russian : Тандо ) is a village ( selo ) in Botlikhsky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Associação Desportiva São Caetano , commonly known as São Caetano , is a Brazilian football team based in the city of São Caetano , Brazil , part of the São Paulo greater metropolitan area .
Festival Towers is a skyscraper of apartment buildings located in Brisbane , Australia .
Aiviekste Parish ( Latvian : Aiviekstes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District , Latvia .
The Fløyfjell Tunnel ( Norwegian : Fløyfjellstunnelen ) is a road tunnel in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Upton and Innishannon railway station was on the Cork and Bandon Railway in County Cork , Ireland .
Sierzputy Zagajne ( ɕɛʂˈputɨ zaˈɡai̯nɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lagoudera ( Greek : Λαγουδερά ; Turkish : Lagudera ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located near Chandria .
Strymoniko ( Greek : Στρυμονικό ) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Football Park , also known commercially as AAMI Stadium , is an Australian rules football stadium located in West Lakes , a western suburb of Adelaide , the state capital of South Australia , Australia .
Hulsberg ( 50 ° 53′N 5 ° 51′E ) ( Limburgish : Hölsberg ) is a village in the southeastern Netherlands .
Bruce Peninsula National Park is a national park on the Bruce Peninsula in Ontario , Canada .
The Arna Tunnel ( Norwegian : Arnatunnelen ) is a proposed road tunnel which would run from Arna through Ulriken to Minde or Nygårdstangen in Bergen , Norway .
The Kilkis War Museum stands outside the town of the city of Kilkis in Central Macedonia , Greece .
Parent Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSE9 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Parent , Quebec , Canada .
Prostki ( ˈprɔstki ) ( German Prostken ) is a village in Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
In addition to Maple Syrup , Lanark County is also one of the largest exporters of Marijuana in Canada .
Guben ( Polish and Sorbian : Gubin ) is a town on the Lusatian Neisse river in the state of Brandenburg , Germany .
Skierbieszów ( skʲɛrˈbjɛʂuf ) is a village in Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Gave de Pau is a river of south - western France and a left tributary of the Adour .
Sanhattan , a portmanteau of Santiago and Manhattan , is the popular ironic sobriquet given to Chile 's capital Santiago 's `` high - end '' financial district .
Kampung Kling Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Kampung Kling ) ( sometimes also spelt Kampung Keling Mosque ) is an old mosque in Malacca , Malaysia .
Queen Air ( Aeronaves Queen SA ) was an airline based at Las Americas International Airport , in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Ebrahim Khesar ( Persian : ابراهيم خسار‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Khesār ; also known as Ebrāhīm Ḩeşār and Ibrāhīm Hisār ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fanud ( Persian : فنود‎ , also Romanized as Fanūd ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Tromsø International Film Festival ( TIFF ) is an annual film festival held during the third week of January in Tromsø , Norway .
The Valdivian temperate rain forests are a temperate broadleaf and mixed - forest ecoregion located on the west coast of southern South America , lying mostly in Chile and extending into a small part of Argentina .
Chaseta is a town in central Malawi near Lake Malawi lying 7.8 miles ( 12.6 km ) west of Chipoka .
Tagbilaran Airport ( Cebuano : Tugpahanan sa Tagbilaran , Tagalog : Paliparan ng Tagbilaran ) ( IATA : TAG , ICAO : RPVT ) is an airport serving the general area of Tagbilaran , the capital city of the province of Bohol in the Philippines .
The Carl Jacobsen House is the former home of Carl Jacobsen and one of the listed buildings in the Carlsberg area of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Mazraeh - ye Afzalabad ( Persian : مزرعه افضل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āfẕalābād ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Vermaaklikheid is a settlement on South Africa 's Garden Route in the Western Cape .
Daegu International Airport ( Hangul : 대구국제공항 ; Hanja : 大邱國際空港 ; Revised Romanization : Daegu Gukje Gonghang ; McCune - Reischauer : Taegu Kukche Konghang ) ( IATA : TAE , ICAO : RKTN ) is primarily a domestic airport in the city of Daegu , South Korea .
The Vancouver Chinese Music Ensemble is an ensemble of traditional Chinese musical instruments based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Guilvinec or Le Guilvinec ( Breton : Ar Gelveneg ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Biure is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Rocsen Museum ( Spanish : Museo Rocsen ) is a museum located in Nono , Córdoba Province , Argentina , 8 km from Mina Clavero .
Aşağı Tala ( also , Ashagy - Tala and Ikindzhi - Tala ; is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan . It has a population of 6,027 .
Punta San Carlos Airstrip is a public dirt airstrip located in Punta San Carlos , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , a little camp located on the Pacific Ocean coast , 50 miles South of El Rosario de Arriba .
Bershad ( Ukrainian : Бершадь , translit . , Bershad '' ) , is a town in the Vinnytsia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
St. Margrethen ( Saint Margrethen / Sankt Margrethen ) is a municipality in the Wahlkreis ( constituency ) of Rheintal in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Evangelical Church of Maraland is a Church in southern Mizoram in Northeast India .
In Romania , Nădlac sausage is registered as a traditional product .
Pambak kayaranin kits ( Armenian : Փամբակ կայարանին կից ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Port Laoise or Portlaoise ( Irish ( pˠɔɾˠt̪ˠˈl̪ˠiːʃə ) , anglicised /pɔərtˈliːʃ/ ) is the county town of County Laois in the Midlands region of Ireland .
Třebechovice pod Orebem ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtr̝̊ɛbɛxovɪtsɛ ˈpodorɛbɛm ) ) is a small town in the Czech Republic .
Subsequently the Boers began settling in the valleys of the Magaliesberg Range and in the bushveld north of the Magaliesberg , and turned the region into some of the most productive farmland in South Africa , while displacing their former allies , confining them to locations and reserves .
Enonselkä Basin is a lake basin of Lake Vesijärvi in Lahti in southern Finland .
Medinge is a rural area about two and a half hours ' drive west of Stockholm , Sweden , in Arboga Municipality .
Shindand ( Pashto : شين ډنډ‎ ) is a town and the center of the Shindand District , Herat Province , Afghanistan .
Nahr - e Badam ( Persian : نهربادام‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Bādām ) is a village in Rabor Rural District , in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Southern Alberta Art Gallery is located in downtown Lethbridge , Alberta and is known as one of Canada 's leading contemporary art galleries .
Chief Military Prosecutor Office ( Polish : Naczelna Prokuratura Wojskowa ) is the highest organizational unit in Poland 's military 's attorney 's office .
Tir Kaman ( Persian : تيركمان‎ , also Romanized as Tīr Kamān and Tīr - e Kamān ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Greater Bolsón de Mapimí covers adjacent areas extending north to the Rio Grande , which are similar in terrain and climate but includes streams which have outlets to the Gulf of Mexico .
Kleinwalsertal ( little Walser valley ) is a part of Austria , but only accessible from Germany to the north , and thus is an Austrian `` practical exclave '' or `` pene - exclave '' .
Trakai Kenesa is the kenesa ( synagogue ) of the Karaite community in Trakai , Lithuania , and a rare example of a surviving wooden synagogue with an interior dome .
The Weyerberg is a sandy geest island , 54.4 metres ( 178 ft ) high , in the Teufelsmoor ( `` Devil 's Bog '' ) in Northern Germany .
Lafajetowo ( lafajɛˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The National University of Northwestern Buenos Aires ( Universidad Nacional del Noroeste de la Provincia de Buenos Aires or UNNOBA hereafter ) is a national university with head office and campus in Junín , Argentina .
La Quiaca is a small city in the north of the province of Jujuy , Argentina , on the southern bank of the La Quiaca River , opposite the town of Villazón , Bolivia .
The Shire of Bright was a local government area about 280 kilometres ( 174 mi ) east - northeast of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Marselisborg is a small borough of Aarhus , Denmark .
Zanesovići ( Serbian : Занесовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
San Geremia is a church in Venice , northern Italy , located in the sestiere of Cannaregio .
Mayabeque River ( alternately Rio Mayabeque ) is a river of western Cuba , considered the largest in the southwestern watershed of Cuba , with an extensive fluvial network that encompasses the municipalities of Güines , San Jose de las Lajas , Jaruco , Madruga , and Melena del Sur .
The Seaward River is a river in New Zealand 's South Island .
Kirishi ( Russian : Ки́риши ) is a town and the administrative center of Kirishsky District in Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Volkhov River , 115 kilometers ( 71 mi ) southeast of St. Petersburg .
Mazraeh - ye Amrollah Panahpur ( Persian : مزرعه امراله پناهپور‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Amrollah Panāhpūr ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 33 , in 7 families .
Brunoy is a commune in the south - eastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Marki ( ˈmarkʲi ) is a city in central Poland , just to the north - east of the Polish capital Warsaw .
Nibbinda Forest Monastery ( 中文 : Nibbinda丛林道场 ) is a Theravada forest monastery situated at Mukim 5 , Balik Pulau , Penang , Malaysia .
Zalewa is a city in Malawi , specifically in the Southern Region .
Yerizak ( Armenian : Երիզակ ; formerly , Ibish ) , is an abandoned village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The Gate of Riehen ( in German Riehentor ) is a former city gate in the ancient city walls of Basel , Switzerland .
St. Johann am Walde , also Sankt Johann am Walde is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
The James the Greater Church ( Dutch : Jacobus de Meerderekerk ) is a Roman Catholic church , located on the Pastoor Neujeanstraat 6 in Bocholtz , Netherlands .
Cerro Volcánico ( also known as Fonck ) is a cinder cone in Argentina , located southeast of the massive stratovolcano of Tronador .
Mali Bošnjak ( Serbian : Мали Бошњак , meaning `` Little Bosnian '' ) is a village in Serbia .
Bagatayam is a barangay of Sogod , Cebu , in the Philippines .
Nowoszów ( nɔˈvɔʂuf ) ( German : Neuhaus ) is an abandoned Market town in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowa , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Shomera ( Hebrew : שׁוֹמֵרָה , lit . Guard ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Do Farsang ( Persian : دوفرسنگ‎ ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cape Brett Peninsula is a peninsula on the northern North Island coast in New Zealand .
Light House Melbourne ( also simply referred to as Lighthouse ) is a residential skyscraper currently under construction in the Melbourne CBD , Australia .
The Motuti River is a short , wide river in the Northland Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Rur river ( German ; in Dutch and French : Roer river ) is a major river which flows through portions of Belgium , Germany and the Netherlands .
Kavale or Kavalem ( Devanagari:कवळे ) is a village in Ponda , Goa , India .
Technical University in Zvolen or Technická univerzita vo Zvolene is a public university located in Zvolen , Slovakia .
Varkala Beach , also known as Papanasam beach is a beach in Varkala , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India , along the Arabian Sea , part of the Indian Ocean .
Moycarkey ( Irish : Maigh Coirce ) , sometimes written Moycarky , is a hamlet at the northern end of Moycarky townland in the civil parish of Moycarky in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Ab Maik - e Golzari ( Persian : اب مايك گلزاري‎ , also Romanized as Āb Mā’īk - e Golzārī ; also known as Golzārī ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Telstra Corporation Limited ( known as Telstra ) is Australia 's largest telecommunications and media company which builds and operates telecommunications networks and markets voice , mobile , internet access , pay television and other entertainment products and services .
Casablanca ( in Arabic : الدار البيضاء , Addaar Albayḍaa ; in Berber : Anfa , ⴰⵏⴼⴰ ; local informal name : Kaẓa ) is the largest city of Morocco , located in the northwestern part of the country on the Atlantic Ocean .
Pasvalys ( pronunciation , Polish : Pozwoł ) is a city in Panevėžys County , Lithuania , located near the bank of the Svalia River .
Hajij - e Kuchek ( Persian : حجيج كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩajīj - e Kūchek and Hajīj - e Kūchek ) is a village in Sirvan Rural District , Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Saab Arena , formerly named Cloetta Center between 2004 - -2014 , is an arena in Linköping , Sweden .
Marakwet District is a defunct administrative district in the former Rift Valley Province of Kenya .
Ab Bid - e Heygun ( Persian : اب بيدهيگون‎ , also romanized as Āb Bīd - e Heygūn ; also known as Āb Bīd ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nikora is a village in Bharuch district in the state of Gujarat in India .
Madnapur is a town and a gram panchayat in Udham Singh Nagar district in the state of Uttarakhand , India .
Mati Airport ( IATA : MXI , ICAO : RPMQ ) ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Mati , Cebuano : Tugpahanan sa Mati ) , formerly Imelda R. Marcos Airport , is an airport that serves the general area of Mati , the capital city of the province of Davao Oriental in the Philippines .
Czernikowo ( t͡ʂɛrniˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Schwarzendorf ) is a village in Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Svidník ( rarely German : Oberswidnik , Rusyn : Свідник , Ukrainian : Свидник , Hungarian : Felsővízköz , before 1907 Felsöszvidnik ) is a town in eastern Slovakia , acting as the capital of Svidník District in Prešov Region .
The Istrian Democratic Assembly ( Croatian : Istarski demokratski sabor , Italian : Dieta democratica istriana ) is a regionalist and liberal political party in Croatia operating in the Istria region .
Barrobo District is a district of Liberia , one of the two located in Maryland County .
The Walls of Arcos de la Frontera ( Spanish : Murallas ) are walls located in Arcos de la Frontera , Spain .
Gaujiena Palace ( Latvian : Gaujienas muižas pils ) is a palace in the historical region of Vidzeme , in northern Latvia .
Masaryk University ( Czech : Masarykova univerzita ; Latin : Universitas Masarykiana Brunensis ) is the second largest university in the Czech Republic , a member of the Compostela Group and the Utrecht Network .
The Golestan Palace ( Persian : کاخ گلستان - Kāx e Golestān‎‎ ) , literally the Roseland Palace , is the former royal Qajar complex in Iran 's capital city , Tehran .
La Codoñera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( la koðoɲeɾa ) ) or La Codonyera ( Catalan : ( ɫə kuðuˈɲeɾə ) , locally : ( la koðoˈɲeɾa ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
The Basilica of Saint - Quentin ( French : Basilique de Saint - Quentin ) , formerly the Collegiate Church of Saint - Quentin ( French : Collégiale Saint - Quentin ) is a Catholic church in the town of Saint - Quentin , Aisne , France .
Narganá or Yandup in the Kuna language is one of the islands belonging to the Kuna Yala , an autonomous territory or comarca in Panama .
Kapelle ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the southwestern Netherlands on Zuid - Beveland .
Qorlortorsuaq is the name of a village in the Nanortalik district , in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland , located at the site of the largest waterfall in the country ; the waterfall also goes by the name of Qorlortorsuaq .
Towqdar ( Persian : طوقدار‎ , also Romanized as Ţowqdār and Tūqdār ; also known as Ţowq Vār ) is a village in Rudpey - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ixtlahuacán de los Membrillos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ikstlawaˈkan ðe los memˈbɾiʎos ) ) is a town and municipality , in Jalisco in central - western Mexico .
Anjozorobe is a large town in Analamanga Region , Madagascar , approximately 90 kilometres north - east of the capital Antananarivo .
Meyghan ( Persian : ميغان‎ , also Romanized as Meyghān , Maikhan , Maiqān , Maiqhān , Meyqān , and Mīghān ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The National Institute of Science Education and Research ( Hindi : राष्ट्रीय विज्ञान शिक्षा एवं अनुसंधान संस्थान , NISER ) is a research institution in Jatani ( Khordha ) Odisha , India .
Qabıllı ( also , Qarabullu and Kabullu ) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Oulu Castle ( Swedish : Uleåborgs slott , Finnish : Oulun linna ) was a late defense castle in Oulu , Finland .
Funchal ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fũˈʃaɫ ) ) is the largest city , the municipal seat and the capital of Portugal 's Autonomous Region of Madeira .
Medical University of Lublin has its origins in the year 1944 in Lublin , Poland .
Czumów ( ˈt͡ʂumuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
E.ON UK ( formerly Powergen ) is an energy company in the United Kingdom and a subsidiary of E.ON , the world 's largest investor - owned power and gas company .
Maychew , also Maichew ( Ge'ez : ማይጨው ) , is a town and woreda in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
Jalan Yong Shook Lin is a prominent road in Petaling Jaya city , Selangor , Malaysia .
Killiney railway station ( Irish : Stáisiún Cill Iníon Léinín ) serves Killiney in County Dublin , Ireland .
Katherine District Hospital is a district public hospital servicing the Katherine Region in the Northern Territory , Australia .
Taichung Football Field , as known as Chao - ma Football Field ( Chinese : 朝馬足球場 ) , is a football - specific venue located in Taichung City , Taiwan .
Tunia Baqa Shah(Urdu : تنیہ بقاشاھ‎ ) , is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District , of Sindh , Pakistan .
The Grotte des Demoiselles is a large cave located in the Hérault valley of southern France , near Ganges , about 60 km ( 37 mi ) west of Nîmes .
The Cape Academy of Mathematics , Science and Technology , often abbreviated to `` Cape Academy '' , is a co - educational public boarding school , situated in the Constantia Valley of Cape Town , South Africa .
Gaoqing County ( simplified Chinese : 高青县 ; traditional Chinese : 高青縣 ; pinyin : Gāoqīng Xiàn ) is a county of northern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Lake Rotoehu is the smallest in a chain of three lakes to the northeast of Lake Rotorua in New Zealand 's North Island .
Röke is a locality situated in Hässleholm Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 219 inhabitants in 2010 .
Piikkiö ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈpiːkːiø ) ; Swedish : Pikis ) , is a former municipality of Finland .
The Abbey of Echternach is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Echternach , in eastern Luxembourg .
Žakovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жаково ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Manoir de Brion ( French pronunciation : ​(ma.nwaʁ də bʁi.jɔ̃ ) ) , also known as the Château de Brion , is a former Benedictine priory of the abbey of Mont Saint - Michel , France .
The Târnava Mică River ( `` Small Târnava '' ; Hungarian : Kis - Küküllő ; German : Kleine Kokel ) is a river in Romania .
Gryta Church ( Swedish : Gryta kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church located in a shallow valley about 2 kilometers northeast of Örsundsbro , in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Preloka ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːlɔka ) ) is a settlement above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Partido pa Adelanto I Inovashon Soshal ( PAIS ) is a political party in Curaçao , which entered the Estates of Curaçao in 2012 with 4 seats .
Ana Sagar Lake is an artificial lake situated in the city of Ajmer in Rajasthan state in India .
The Osgoode Hall Law Journal ( ISSN 0030 - 6185 ) is a law review affiliated with Osgoode Hall Law School of York University , Toronto , Canada .
Hermanovce ( Hungarian : Sztankahermány ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Savyon ( Hebrew : סַבְיוֹן , Arabic : سفيون‎ ) is a local council in the Center District of Israel , bordering the cities of Kiryat Ono , Petah Tikva , and Yehud .
Mughni ( Armenian : Մուղնի ) , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The Kalama Armoured Warfare Training School ( KAWATS ) , is an Armoured Warfare Training School in Uganda , East Africa .
Asi Gonia ( Greek : Ασή Γωνιά ) is a mountain village and a former community in the eastern part of the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Mazraeh - ye Babalang ( Persian : مزرعه بابالنگ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bābālang ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Vida AB is the largest privately owned sawmill group of Sweden , with its approximately 1000 employees .
Kočarija ( pronounced ( kɔtʃaˈɾiːja ) ) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills southwest of the town of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia .
The Yeruham Dam is a masonry dam on Revivim Stream , a tributary of the HaBesor Stream , in Yeruham , Southern District , Israel .
Rogozen ( Bulgarian : Рогозен ) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria .
Agraciada is a village located in southwestern Uruguay , on the border of Soriano Department with Colonia Department with parts in both departments .
Hufangalupe is a natural land bridge on Tonga 's main island of Tongatapu .
Deyli ( Persian : ديلي‎ , also Romanized as Deylī ; also known as Delī ) is a village in Padena - ye Vosta Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Chalmardi ( Persian : چلمردي‎ , also Romanized as Chalmardī ) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District , Hezarjarib District , Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Linderödsåsen is a ridge , geologically a horst , in the province of Skåne in southernmost Sweden .
Bradford Industrial Museum , established 1974 in Moorside Mills , Eccleshill , Bradford , United Kingdom , specializes in relics of local industry , especially printing and textile machinery , kept in working condition for regular demonstrations to the public .
Si Wilai ( Thai : ศรีวิไล ) is subdistrict ( tambon ) in Si Wilai District , in Bueng Kan Province , northeastern Thailand .
The Royal Thai Air Force or RTAF ( Thai : กองทัพอากาศไทย , RTGS : Kong Thap Akat Thai ) is the air force of the Kingdom of Thailand .
Inagh and Kilnamona is a Catholic parish in County Clare , Ireland , covering the civil parishes of Inagh and Kilnamona to the west of Ennis .
Stykkishólmur ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈstɪhcɪsˌhoulmʏr̥ ) ) is a town and municipality situated in the western part of Iceland , in the northern part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula .
Yığılca is a town and a district of Düzce Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Kammavari Sangha Institute of Technology ( commonly referred to as KSIT ) is a private engineering college in Bangalore , Karnataka , India .
Zazafotsy ( or Zaxafotsy ) is a town and commune in Madagascar .
The Upper Palatine - Upper Main Hills are , according to the Handbook of the Natural Region Divisions of Germany , a natural region major unit group .
Kantara Castle is the easternmost of the three castles situated on the Kyrenia Mountain range in the island of Cyprus .
Parbhani ( parbhani , IPA ( pərbhNi ) ) is a city in Maharashtra state of India .
The Lower Galilee ( Hebrew : הגליל התחתון‎ , translit . HaGalil HaTaḥton ) , is a region within the North District of Israel .
Nieczatów ( ɲeˈt͡ʂatuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Krems - Langenlois Airport ( German : Flugplatz Krems or Flugplatz Krems - Gneixendorf , ICAO : LOAG ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) north - northeast of Krems , Niederösterreich , Austria .
Šipek ( pronounced ( ˈʃiːpək ) ; German : Schipek ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Lahinja River east of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The Blue Cross Blue Shield Tower ( BCBS ) is located on the north end of Millennium Park along E. Randolph Street at the NE corner of Randolph and Columbus Drive , in Chicago , Illinois , United States of America .
Fraser Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 63 Church Street in Tatamagouche , Nova Scotia , Canada .
George R. Stephenson ( 1916 - -2003 ) , of McLennan was one of the first facilitators to organise the Northern Woods and Water Route across Western Canada in 1974 .
The Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani ( Slovene : Občina Dol pri Ljubljani ) is a municipality in central Slovenia .
Le Sanctuaire du Mont - Royal ( also known as Le Sanctuaire ) is a multi - phase condominium , commercial , athletic and medical complex located in the Outremont neighbourhood of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Amanlı ( also , Amanly and Amonly ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Langenberg Wildlife Park ( German : Wildpark Langenberg ) is a zoo situated in the municipality of Langnau am Albis in the Sihl Valley to the south of the city of Zürich in Switzerland .
Tom Uglys Bridge is composed of two bridges , completed in 1929 and 1987 , that cross the Georges River in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Austertana ( Northern Sami : Juovlavuotna ) is a village in Deatnu - Tana Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Aoös or Vjosë ( Greek : Αώος ; Albanian : Vjosë , Vjosa ) is a river in northwestern Greece and southwestern Albania .
Suarası ( also , Suarasy ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Vienna School of Osteopathy ( WSO ) is a private educational institution in Austria specialising in osteopathy .
Gursken Church ( Norwegian : Gursken kyrkje ) is a parish church in Sande Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Prince Faisal bin Fahd Stadium ( Arabic:ملعب الأمير فيصل بن فهد ) ( Former : Malab Reayat Al Shabab in Malaz ملعب رعاية الشباب بالرياض ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
The Orangery Palace ( German : Orangerieschloss ) is a palace located in the Sanssouci Park of Potsdam , Germany .
Tichit ( or Tichitt ) ( Arabic : تيشيت‎ ) is a partly abandoned village at the foot of the Tagant Plateau in central southern Mauritania that is known for its vernacular architecture .
Arbizu is a village and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain , neighbouring Etxarri - Aranatz .
Auckland ( /ˈɔːklənd/ AWK - lənd ) , in the North Island of New Zealand , is the largest and most populous urban area in the country .
Luborzyca ( lubɔˈʐɨt͡sa ) is a village in Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Manciano is a town and comune in the southern part of the province of Grosseto , Tuscany , central Italy .
Nechanice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛxaɲɪtsɛ ) ; German : Nechanitz ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
The Battle of the Herrings was a military action near the town of Rouvray in France , just north of Orléans , which took place on 12 February 1429 during the siege of Orléans .
Temsamane ( Amazigh : Temsaman , ⵜⴻⵎⵙⴰⵎⴰⵏ , Arabic : تمسمان ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
Tappeh Kabud - e Sofla ( Persian : تپه كبودسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Kabūd - e Soflá ; also known as Tappeh Kabūd - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Boladı ( also , Boladi , Balady , Boiady , Bolady , and Volady ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Korea Vision Party ( Korean : 국민생각 , Gungmin Saenggak , `` National Thought '' ) , more commonly known as the K Party , is a center - rightist political party in South Korea .
Habibganj is a suburb in Bhopal , India , in the BHEL township in the city of Bhopal .
The Cochrane Crunch are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based out of Cochrane , Ontario , Canada .
Ship Stern Bluff ( also known as Devil 's Point or simply Shippies ) is a globally - renowned surfing location on the south eastern coast of Tasmania , Australia , on the Tasman Peninsula .
Pop Magazine is a quarterly , free press , action sports magazine available in Australia .
The Parcours botanique au fil de l'Indre is an arboretum and botanical garden located in Montbazon , Indre - et - Loire , Centre , France .
The Katzsohlteich is an artificially impounded reservoir that lies southwest of the town of Güntersberge in the Harz Mountains of central Germany and is used as a preflooder ( Vorfluter ) and fishpond .
Nagampeta is a village in the Jammikunta mandal , Karimnagar district , Telangana , India .
Kawthaung ( Burmese : ကော့သောင်းမြို့ ; MLCTS : kau . saung : mrui . , IPA : ( kɔ̰θáʊɴ mjo̰ ) ; Thai : เกาะสอง ; rtgs : Ko Song , pronounced ( kɔ̀ʔ sɔ̌ːŋ ) ; Malay : Pulodua , ڤولودوا ) is in the southernmost part of Myanmar , located in Tanintharyi Region .
The Maiztegui National Human Viral Disease Institute ( INEVH ) is a viral research laboratory in Pergamino , Argentina .
Svartisen is a collective term for two glaciers located in northern Norway .
Pello ( formerly Turtola ) is a municipality of Finland .
Apart from forest cover and mining belt , Noamundi has a diversified population , inside the TATA STEEL township people for various regions of India can be found , apart from that being the border of orissa and jharkhand , two most resourceful states of India cultural flavor of both the states can be seen here .
The Queensland Ranger Association represents and promotes the interests of Park Rangers in the state of Queensland , Australia .
The Prahran Telegraph was a weekly newspaper published from 1860 to 1930 in Prahran , an inner - suburb of the city of Melbourne , Australia .
The Tasman Sea ( Māori : Te Tai - o - Rehua ) is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean , situated between Australia and New Zealand .
Saba Tower 4 is a proposed mixed use tower to be built in Jumeirah Lake Towers , in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , when completed it will have 994 car parking space , retail , coffee areas , and a 28 metre tall roof feature covering an area of 60,921 m2 .
Seh Panjeh ( Persian : سه پنجه‎ ; also known as Sipanja ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The National Federation of Cypriots in the United Kingdom is a London - based umbrella organisation and the national representative body and the acknowledged voice of the largest and most significant community of Cypriots outside of the island itself .
Ngatimoti is a town near Motueka in New Zealand 's South Island .
With services serving Denmark , Germany , Ireland , Latvia , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Sweden and the United Kingdom , Stena Line is a major unit of Stena AB , itself a part of the Stena Sphere .
Urbino Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Urbino , Cattedrale Metropolitana di Santa Maria Assunta ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Urbino , Italy , dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary .
The Barendrecht train accident involved the collision between two freight trains on 24 September 2009 near Barendrecht , Netherlands .
Nakasero Hospital Limited ( NHL ) , commonly referred to as Nakasero Hospital , is a private , for profit hospital in Kampala , the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country .
Milan Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Milano ( ˈdwɔːmo di miˈlaːno ) ; Lombard : Domm de Milan ) is the cathedral church of Milan , Italy .
Donderskamp Airstrip ( IATA : SMDK ) is an airstrip near Donderskamp , Suriname .
Lefktro ( Greek : Λεύκτρο ) is a village and a former municipality in Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Port Waikato is on the south bank of the Waikato River at its outflow into the Tasman Sea , in northern New Zealand .
Nannhausen Airfield ( or Flugplatz Nannhausen in German ) is a small airstrip in Nannhausen , Germany .
Riomaggiore ( Rimazùu in the local Ligurian language ) is a village and comune in the province of La Spezia , situated in a small valley in the Liguria region of Italy .
Kashkjan ( Persian : كشك جان‎ , also Romanized as Kashkjān ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Patterson Road is a major road between Kwinana and Rockingham and is part of Australia 's National Route 1 for part of its length .
Çənlibel ( also , Chardakhlu , or Khachisar ) formerly Armenian village , that is now municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Huangpi District ( simplified Chinese : 黄陂区 ; traditional Chinese : 黃陂區 ; pinyin : Huángpí qū ) is one of 13 districts of Wuhan , the capital of Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , situated on the northern ( left ) bank of the Yangtze River .
Nosratabad ( Persian : نصرت آباد‎ , also Romanized as Noşratābād ) is a city in the capital of Nosratabad District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lublin County ( Polish : powiat lubelski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lublin Voivodeship , eastern Poland .
Port Alberni is a city located on Vancouver Island in the province of British Columbia , Canada .
Vinh ( listen ) is the biggest city and economic and cultural center of the North Central Coast of Vietnam .
Lankower See ( Schwerin ) is a lake in West Mecklenburg , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Universal Hospital Tirana is a 120-bed hospital on Kavajë Street in western Tirana , Albania , offering medical services .
Sēme parish ( Latvian : Sēmes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Tukums Municipality , Latvia .
The Times Colonist is an English - language daily newspaper in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Hercegovačka Goleša is village in municipality of Priboj , in south - west Serbia .
Santa Rosa do Purus is one of the remotest communities in Brazil .
Acclaim Studios Teesside was a British video game developer based in Teesside , England , United Kingdom .
Cheleh Gah - e Zarchas ( Persian : چله گه زرچاس‎ , also Romanized as Cheleh Gah - e Zarchās ; also known as Chah - e Gah ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Map Ta Phut Industrial Estate is a large industrial park in the town of Map Ta Phut in Rayong Province , Thailand .
The Bodrog is a river in eastern Slovakia and north - eastern Hungary .
Gasil ( Persian : گسيل‎ , also Romanized as Gasīl and Kasīl ) is a village in Nesa Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The 1931 Oaxaca earthquake affected portions of southern Mexico on January 15 , at 01:50 UTC .
King Air Charter is a charter airline , based in Lanseria , South Africa .
Yawarmayu ( Quechua yawar blood , mayu river , `` blood river '' , hispanicized spelling Yahuarmayo ) is a river in Peru located in the Puno Region , Carabaya Province , Ayapata District .
Iki - Burulsky District ( Russian : И́ки-Буру́льский райо́н ; Kalmyk : Ик Бурла район , Ik Burla rajon ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the thirteen in the Republic of Kalmykia , Russia .
Kolonia Dębniak ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdɛmbɲak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sheykhdarabad ( Persian : شيخدراباد‎ , also Romanized as Sheykhdarābād and Sheikhdarābād ) is a village in Sheykhdarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Deliceto is a small town and comune ( population 4,117 in 2001 ) in the province of Foggia , from which it is 40.3 kilometres ( 25.0 mi ) in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
The Sanctuary of the Three Gauls ( Tres Galliae ) was the focal structure within an administrative and religious complex established by Rome in the very late 1st century BC at Lugdunum ( the site of modern Lyon in France ) .
The Claremont Institution for the Deaf and Dumb at Glasnevin , Dublin , was the first school for the deaf and dumb in Ireland .
Seraliveh ( Persian : سراليوه‎ , also Romanized as Serālīveh ; also known as Sīr``ālīvar and Sīrālīveh ) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 484 , in 115 families .
Roy Hill is an iron ore mining project in the Chichester Range in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , located 115 kilometres ( 71 mi ) north of Newman and 277 kilometres ( 172 mi ) south of Port Hedland .
Collège Jean de la Mennais is a French , private mixed secondary school on the South Shore of Montreal , Québec , Canada at 870 Chemin de Saint - Jean in the municipality of La Prairie .
Daily operation of Barrie Transit and Barrie Accessible Community Transportation Service ( BACTS ) is provided under contract by First Canada .
Pertosa is a village and comune of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - west Italy .
German submarine U-600 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 25 January 1941 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as yard number 576 , launched on 16 October 1941 and commissioned on 11 December 1941 under Kapitänleutnant Bernhard Zurmühlen .
Mount Ayalu ( also spelled Ayelu ) is an isolated , rhyolitic stratovolcano in eastern Ethiopia .
Vismeh ( Persian : ويسمه‎ , also Romanized as Vīsmeh ) is a village in Davudabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Prillimäe is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Kohila Parish , Rapla County , northern Estonia .
Padanilam Parabrahma Temple ( പടനിലം പരബ്രഹ്മ ക്ഷേത്രം ) is situated at Padanilam , Alappuzha district of Kerala , India .
Mollah Barfi ( Persian : مله برفي‎ , also Romanized as Mollah Barfī ; also known as Mollā Barfī ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Iles Purpuraires are a set of small islands off the western coast of Morocco at the bay located at Essaouira .
The Green Giant mine is one of the largest vanadium mines in Madagascar .
Dinbaghan ( Persian : دين باغان‎ , also Romanized as Dīnbāghān ; also known as Deym - e Bāghān ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
RAFO Masirah ( IATA : MSH , ICAO : OOMA ) is a military airport located on the island of Masirah in Oman .
Ulriksbanen is a passenger aerial tramway in Bergen , Norway .
Guruwar Peth , Solapur is an area located in western Solapur City , in Maharashtra State of the Republic of India .
Korzenna ( kɔˈʐɛnːa ) is a village in southern Poland situated in Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 ( it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975 - 1998 ) .
Zairabul ( Persian : زايرابول‎ , also Romanized as Zāīrābūl ) is a village in Kabgan Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Český les Protected Landscape Area ( Czech : Chráněná krajinná oblast Český les , usually abbreviated as CHKO Český les , the name can be translated as Bohemian Forest ) is a Protected Landscape Area in the Czech Republic .
Nadarzyn ( naˈdaʐɨn ) is a village in Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tappeh - ye Dibi ( Persian : تپه ديبي‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh - ye Dībī , Tapeh Dibi , Tappah Dībī , Tappehdībī , and Tappeh Dībī ; also known as Tepe Dapi ) is a village in Boghrati Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ras al - Ayn Qibli ( Arabic : رأس العين قبلي‎ ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , northeast of Aleppo and south of district center Ayn al - Arab .
Tupižnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тупижница , pronounced ( tǔpiʒnitsa ) ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , between towns of Boljevac , Zaječar and Knjaževac .
Bjelovac ( Cyrillic : Бјеловац ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bhangarh ( Hindi : भानगढ़ ) is a village in India that is famous for its historical ruins .
Dejlovce ( Macedonian : Дејловце ) is a settlement in northeastern Republic of Macedonia , in the municipality of Staro Nagoričane .
Żórawki ( ʐuˈrafki ) ( formerly German Kronstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Martanesh is a former commune in the Dibër County , eastern Albania .
Codlea ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkodle̯a ) ; German : Zeiden ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect : Zäöeden ; Hungarian : Feketehalom ) is a city in Brașov County , central Romania .
Pellinki ( Pellinge in Swedish ) is an island community in Finland made up of several small islands , the main ones linked by bridges .
There are over 400 `` Mitre 10 '' and its associated `` True Value Hardware '' franchises throughout Australia .
Martirano is a village and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Trendalyzer is an information visualization software for animation of statistics that was initially developed by Hans Rosling 's Gapminder Foundation in Sweden .
The Peel Watershed drains 14 % of the Yukon Territory Canada and flows into the Beaufort Sea via the Peel and then Mackenzie Rivers .
Bachotek ( baˈxɔtɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Flemish Baroque painting refers to the art produced in the Southern Netherlands during Spanish control in the 16th and 17th centuries .
Nullarbor Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located about 270 kilometres ( 170 mi ) west of Ceduna in South Australia .
Reventador is an active stratovolcano which lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador .
Manda Airport , also called Lamu Airport , is an airport in Kenya .
Menengai Crater is a massive shield volcano with one of the biggest calderas in the world , located in the Great Rift Valley , Kenya .
Nereta is a village and centre of the Nereta municipality , Latvia .
The Royal Fleet Auxiliary ( RFA ) is a civilian - manned fleet owned by the United Kingdom 's Ministry of Defence , whose purpose is to support the Royal Navy .
Anuradhapura ( Sinhalese : අනුරාධපුරය ; Tamil : அனுராதபுரம் ) is a major city in Sri Lanka .
Radhanagore ( also spelt Radhanagar ) is a village under Khanakul block in Arambagh subdivision of Hooghly District of West Bengal , India .
Jalan Paloh ( Johor state route 16 ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia .
Calbuco Island ( also Caicaén Island ) is an island in the commune of Calbuco , Llanquihue Province , Los Lagos Region , Chile .
Talavera de la Reina pottery is a craft made in Talavera de la Reina , Toledo ( Spain ) .
Gävle Castle is a palace in Gävle , Sweden , rebuilt several times since its foundation in 1583 .
Chuqichampi ( Aymara chuqi gold , champi mushroom , Quechua chuqi precious metal , champi bronze , chuqichampi the name of a flower , also spelled Choquechambi ) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Bijoux Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the Pine Pass on BC Highway 97 , on the southern approach to the summit from the town of Mackenzie .
Železný Brod ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʒɛlɛzniː ˈbrot ) ; German : Eisenbrod ) is a town in Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Albatross Grammar School is a coeducational , private hi - secondary school located in Sakhi Hassan , North Nazimabad Town , Karachi , Pakistan .
Rathmines has thriving commercial and civil activity and is well - known across Ireland as part of a traditionally known `` flatland '' - providing rented accommodation to newly arrived junior civil servants and third level students coming from outside the city since the 1930s .
Trøym is a village and the site of the administrative center of Hemsedal municipality in Buskerud county , Norway .
Luzaide ( Spanish : Valcarlos ; official name Luzaide / Valcarlos ) is a Basque town in Navarre , northern Spain , located just a few kilometers from the French border and the village of Arnéguy .
Puthanathani ( Malayalam : പുത്തനത്താണി ) is a city in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala , India .
The George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies is a United States Department of Defense and Federal Ministry of Defence ( Germany ) security and defense studies institute .
Killeedy ( Cill Íde ) is a civil parish located south of Newcastle West in Co. Limerick in Ireland .
The Mahaicony River is a small river in northern Guyana that drains into the Atlantic Ocean .
Absharan - e Olya ( Persian : ابشاران عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ābshārān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 249 , in 53 families .
Priego de Córdoba is a town and municipality of Andalucia Spain in the extreme southeastern portion of the province of Córdoba , near the headwater of the Guadajoz River , and on the northern slope of the Sierra de Priego .
Sareban Qoli ( Persian : ساربانقلي‎ , also Romanized as Sārebān Qolī and Sārebānqolī ; also known as Sarvān Qolī , Sorsan Kuli , and Sorvankuli ) is a village in Sis Rural District , in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Masjed Soleyman Dam ( also known as Karun-2 Dam ) previously named `` Godar - e Landar '' is a dam in Iran on the Karun river .
Yuncler is a town and municipality in the Sagra shire , province of Toledo , Spain , 42 km to the south from the national capital , Madrid .
Swartbooisdrift is a small settlement in Kunene Region in the north of Namibia .
The Royal Monastery of Santa Isabel ( Spanish : Real Monasterio de Santa Isabel ) is a monastery located in Madrid , Spain .
FKAB , Fartygskonstruktioner AB , is Sweden 's largest consulting firm specializing in ship design and ship construction .
Ghatshila ( also spelt as Ghatsila ) ( Hindi : घाटिशला ) is a census town in Purbi Singhbhum district in the state of Jharkhand , India .
Aixàs ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əˈʃas ) , locally : ( ajˈʃas ) ) is a village in south - west Andorra .
The river Isole flows through the department of Finistère in the region of Brittany in France .
Budna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈbuːdna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Budna vas ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
The DDR - Oberliga ( English : East German Premier League or GDR - Premier League ) was the top level football league in East Germany .
F. D. Roosevelt Airport ( IATA : EUX , ICAO : TNCE ) is the airport located on the island of Sint Eustatius , Caribbean Netherlands .
Uherský Brod ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈuɦɛrskiː ˈbrot ) ; German : Ungarisch Brod , literally Hungarian Ford ) is a town of 17,000 in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic .
The Piazza de ' Rucellai is a piazza in Florence , Italy , home to the Palazzo Rucellai and its loggia , both designed by Leon Battista Alberti .
Udupi Anantheshwara Temple is a historic Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva in Udupi , India .
Yayshahr ( Persian : ياي شهر ‎ , also Romanized as Yāyshahr ; also known as Yarīshahr and Yāyshahrī ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mohammadpur Government High School ( MGHS ) ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদপুর সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a public school located at Humayun Road in Mohammadpur Thana , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The 1997 UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup Final was a football match contested between Barcelona of Spain and the cup holders Paris Saint - Germain of France , to determine the winner of the 1996 - -97 UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup and the 37th overall Cup Winners ' Cup final .
Portela das Cabras , also known as `` Portela de Penela '' , is a former civil parish in the municipality of Vila Verde , Portugal .
Driny is a limestone cave in West Slovakia in the Little Carpathians Mountains .
Leysin is a municipality of the canton of Vaud in the Aigle district of Switzerland .
Archlebov ( German : Archlebau ) is a village in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Hołody ( xɔˈwɔdɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Голоди , Holody ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
British Airways , often shortened to BA , is the flag carrier airline of the United Kingdom and the largest airline in the United Kingdom based on fleet size .
Siah Bid - e Sofla ( Persian : سياه بيدسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Bīd - e Soflá ; also known as Sīāh Bīd - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Keyqobad ( Persian : كيقباد‎ , also Romanized as Keyqobād ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
FC Borysfen Boryspil is a formerly professional Ukrainian football club from Boryspil , Ukraine .
Sintra Air Base ( Portuguese : Base Aérea de Sintra ) ( ICAO : LPST ) , officially designated as Air Base No . 1 ( Portuguese : Base Aérea Nº 1 , BA1 ) , is a Portuguese Air Force base located in the Sintra Municipality , Portugal .
Berwaldhallen ( Berwald Hall ) is a concert hall situated in a park landscape at Dag Hammarskjöldsväg 3 in the Östermalm district of Stockholm , Sweden .
Gryllos ( Greek : Γρύλλος , before 1927 : Μουνδράζα - Moundraza ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Skillounta , Elis , Greece .
Chranoi ( Greek : Χράνοι - pronounced Chranee ) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli , southwest Arcadia , Greece .
Ünəş is a village in the municipality of Əsədəbad in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Born as William Trevor Cox in Mitchelstown , County Cork , Ireland , to a middle - class Protestant family , he moved several times to other provincial towns , including Skibbereen , Tipperary , Youghal and Enniscorthy , as a result of his father 's work as a bank official .
Kristján Guðmundsson ( b. 1941 , Snæfellsnes , Iceland ) is a contemporary Icelandic conceptual artist .
Alexander Pulalo ( born May 8 , 1973 in Jayapura , Papua , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian professional footballer currently playing for Arema Malang .
Wilhelm Heitmeyer ( born 28 June 1945 , Nettelstedt , Germany ) is Professor of Education specializing in socialisation .
Giuseppe Betori ( born 25 February 1947 in Foligno , Italy ) is an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church .
R. C. Bhargava ( born 30 July 1934 ) is the former C.E.O and current chairman of Maruti Suzuki , one of the largest automobile manufacturers in India .
Amir Chand Bombwal ( 8 August 1893 - 10 February 1972 ) was a journalist , a freedom fighter in the Indian independence movement , a Khudai Khidmatgar and a political leader of the Indian National Congress Party from Peshawar , North - West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) of British India .
Pierre Rigal ( born 1973 ) is a French dancer and choreographer based in Toulouse , France .
Mykhailo Hrechukha was born in a village of Moshny that today is located in Cherkasy Raion , central Ukraine .
Tiaki Omana ( 18 December 1891 -- 24 June 1970 ) , also known by the English name Jack Ormond , was a New Zealand rugby union player and politician .
Frode Jacobsen ( born 11 June 1974 ) is a musician , bass guitarist , songwriter and record producer from Stokmarknes in Norway .
Jorge D'Elía ( born April 28 , 1938 in La Plata , Argentina ) is a film and television actor .
Michitsuna no Haha ( c.935 - 995 ) was a Heian period writer in Japan .
José Lorenzo Cossío y Cosío ( born Mexico City , 12 May 1902 - died 1975 ) was a Mexican judge , philatelist and philatelic writer whose collection of philatelic literature is now in the Museum of Philately of Oaxaca .
Heinz - Ulrich Walther ( born March 11 , 1943 ) is a German former pair skater who represented East Germany and the Unified Team of Germany in competition .
Ali Rıza Sergen Yalçın ( born October 5 , 1972 in Istanbul ) is a former Turkish footballer and is recognised as one of the greatest footballers to play for Turkey .
Jori Smith , CM ( 1907 - -2005 ) was a key figure in the 1930s in initiating Canada 's modernist art movement .
Eduard Hackel ( born March 17 , 1850 in Haida , Bohemia -- died February 2 , 1926 , in Attersee , Upper Austria ) was an Austrian botanist .
Mireya Baltra Moreno ( born Santiago de Chile , February 25 , 1932 ) is a Chilean sociologist , journalist and politician , a member of the Communist Party of Chile .
Liam Brady ( born 13 February 1956 ) is an Irish former football player , and former assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland national football team .
Peter Nicholl , QSO ( born 1944 ) is a New Zealand economist .
Maulvi Dr. Abdul Wahab Adam ( 8 December 1938 -- 22 June 2014 ) was an Islamic scholar , Ameer ( head ) and Missionary - in - Charge of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community of Ghana .
Gilles Guyot ( born 29 August 1946 ) is a management professor at the Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 in Lyon , France .
Professor Algirdas Budrys ( born March 3 , 1939 in Vertimai ) has , for several decades , been one of the most outstanding instrumentalists in Lithuania and is currently Head of the Wind department of the Lithuanian Music Academy .
Omar Khyam is a citizen of the United Kingdom , who led a terrorist plot .
Arjen de Wolff ( born 1969 in the Netherlands ) is the executive director of Radio Zamaneh in Amsterdam .
Yashoda Wimaladharma was born on 28 October 1970 in Sri Lanka to R. L. Wimaladharma , a Hindi language teacher at University of Kelaniya and Mallika Wimaladharma , a former dancer and school teacher .
Alberto de la Campa y Roff ( 28 October 1918 in Calabazar , Cuba -- May 1964 in Washington , DC ) was a Cuban diplomat .
Corneliu Ciontu ( born 15 November 1941 ) is a Romanian politician , and currently General Secretary of the Great Romania Party .
Kristleifur Björnsson is an Icelandic visual artist born in Reykjavík , Iceland in 1973 .
Siramana Dembélé ( born 27 January 1977 in Paris , France ) , is a French football coach , currently working as an assistant coach for S.C. Braga .
Iurie Ciocan ( born May 19 , 1971 , Chişinău ) is a politician and professor from the Republic of Moldova .
Carlos Francisco Jovel Navas ( Born January 6 , 1982 in Usulután , El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran professional football player who currently plays for Luis Ángel Firpo in the Salvadoran Premier Division .
William Shilling ( 1848 - -1939 ) was a notable New Zealand mariner and pilot .
Hideo Hatoyama ( 1884 -- 1946 ) was a Japanese jurist whose writings about civil law were influential in pre - World War II Japan .
Christophe Naudin , born in Libourne France in 1962 , is a French writer .
Paul Piché ( born September 5 , 1953 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a singer - songwriter , environmentalist , political activist and Quebec sovereigntist .
This CD included artists from all over Canada that have at one point toured Canada with Dan - e - o including Rascalz , Kardinal Offishall and Choclair .
Edith Mary Statham ( 1853 - -1951 ) was a notable New Zealand singer , nurse , secretary , war graves conservator and community worker .
Eliseo Valdés Erutes ( born June 14 , 1956 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban artist specializing in sculpture , painting , and drawing .
Mohammad Nasuha ( born in Serang , 15 September 1984 ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Cilegon United and the Indonesia national football team .
Lee Chung Man ( Chinese : 李忠民 ; Jyutping : lei5 zung1 man4 ; born 20 November 1967 ) is a Hong Kong fencer .
Born in Tuttlingen , Germany , Marlis Petersen won six important piano competitions before eventually going to the Stuttgart Conservatory where she studied music education , flute and dance as well as voice .
Ojugbelu Arere ( 1070 - -1105AD ) was the first Olowo of Owo , a city in Ondo State , southwestern Nigeria .
Róbert Feczesin ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈroːbɛɾt ˈfet͡sɛʃin ) ; born 22 February 1986 in Dabas , Hungary ) is a Hungarian professional footballer who is currently playing for Videoton FC in Hungary .
Bent Melchior ( born 24 June 1929 ) is a former chief rabbi of Denmark .
Sam Trickett ( born 2 July 1986 in East Retford , United Kingdom ) is a professional poker player .
Marlene Garcia - Esperat ( August 29 , 1959 -- March 24 , 2005 in Tacurong City , Sultan Kudarat , Philippines ) was a Filipina whistleblower and investigative journalist who wrote a weekly anti - graft column for local newspapers .
Jonathan Nitzan is Professor of Political Economy at York University , Toronto , Canada .
Edwin Gordon Blackmore , CMG ( 1837 - -1909 ) , was Clerk of the Legislative Council and Clerk of Parliaments of the colony of South Australia .
Faryal worked for a while as an air hostess in Air India before joining films .
Abraham Carel Wertheim , also known as A.C. Wertheim ( Amsterdam , 12 December 1832 -- Amsterdam , 30 November 1897 ) was a banker , politician , and philanthropist from Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Hasegawa Katsutoshi ( born 20 July 1944 ) is a former sumo wrestler from Sorachi , Hokkaidō , Japan .
Rafael Riqueni ( born 1962 in Seville ) is one of Spain 's top flamenco guitarists .
Gustavo Cárdenas Ávila , also known as Jan ( born in Celaya , Guanajuato , Mexico , on April 30 , 1974 ) , is a Mexican pop singer and actor , who had a `` huge '' success as a pop - ballad singer in the 90s and later became an screen and stage actor .
Jan Callebaut also introduced the brand approach into the VRT , the Flemish Radio and Television Network , Belgium 's leading broadcasting and media concern .
Janina Dawidowicz ( born 19 March 1930 in Kalisz , Poland ) , better known as Janina David , is a Holocaust survivor and a British writer and translator .
Nii Tackie Tawiah III ( October 6 , 1940 -- December 2012 ) was the Ga Mantse in the Ga State , a traditional kingship in the Greater Accra Region in Ghana from 2006 until his death in 2012 .
Henri Maquet ( 1839 - 1909 ) was a Belgian architect , best known for his work for King Leopold II of Belgium .
Tjunkiya Napaltjarri ( also known as Tjunkiya Kamayi , Tjungkiya , Tunkaii Napaltari , Kowai or Kamayi ) ( c. 1927 - -2009 ) was a Pintupi - speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
Andrzej Liczik ( born 4 March 1977 in Feodosiya , Krym , Ukraine ) is a boxer from Poland .
Chintaman Rao Gautam ( born 18 October 1899 ) was the first member of parliament from Balaghat constituency of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Hryhorij Lakota was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 27 June 2001 in the Ukraine .
Ivan Lenđer ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Ленђер , Rusyn : Иван Лендєр , pronounced ( ǐʋan lêndʑer ) ) ( born July 29 , 1990 , in Zrenjanin , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an Olympic swimmer from Serbia .
Elmaz Boçe ( 1852 , Gjirokastër , Albania -- 1925 ) was an Albanian educator and a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence .
Juan Carlos Lecompte Pérez is a Colombian author who was married to Ingrid Betancourt , a politician kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) .
Lagi Setu ( born 25 February 1988 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby footballer .
Andrew Scott Dickens ( born August 4 , 1984 ) is a former competitive swimmer from Canada , who mostly competes in the breaststroke events .
Daniel Leclercq ( born September 4 , 1949 in Trith - Saint - Léger , France ) is a retired football defender and manager .
Frederick Orton Hamilton ( 27 December 1873 -- 25 July 1945 ) was a Nelson , New Zealand wool , grain , and produce and general merchant who led the development of his region 's horticulture .
Ragnhild Furebotten ( born 10 March 1979 in Saltdal , Norway ) is a Norwegian fiddler , folk musician and composer , and former member of the traditional folk band Majorstuen and present member and founder of Hekla Stålstrenga .
Jason Walters was born on 6 March 1985 to an American soldier based in the Netherlands and a Dutch woman .
Prince Jacob , born Miguel Jacob Carmo Luis Fernandes is a popular Konkani language tiatrist and singer from India .
Prior to making films Gregor Jordan played Bassanio in The Merchant of Venice for Shakespeare By The Sea ( Australia ) .
Andreu Buenafuente ( born 24 January 1965 Reus , Catalonia , Spain ) is a Spanish late night show host and founder of the group El Terrat .
Rytis Sakalauskas ( born January 1 , 1987 in Alytus ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Lithuania .
Natarid Thammarossopon ( Thai : ณธฤษภ์ ธรรมรสโสภณ , born March 14 , 1988 ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Óscar Soto Carrillo ( born 9 June 1983 in Mexico City ) is a two - time Olympic modern pentathlete from Mexico .
Ngaire Fuata is a New Zealand Television producer for TVNZ and a former Pop singer .
Kalle Mattson ( born Kalle Mattson Wainio , September 21 , 1990 in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Mohammad Razigul ( born 1942 ) is a former Afghanistan wrestler , who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the light - flyweight event .
Juan Benítez Galeano ( born 23 June 1953 in Itacurubí , Paraguay ) is a former Paraguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Paraguay , Chile , Ecuador and Spain .
Mojtaba Mirtahmasb ( Persian : مجتبی میرطهماسب ‎ ; born in 1971 in Kerman , Iran ) is an Iranian filmmaker and film producer .
Margot Käßmann ( German : ( ˈmaʁɡɔt ˈkɛːsman ) ; born 3 June 1958 ) is a Lutheran theologian and was Landesbischöfin ( bishop ) of the Evangelical - Lutheran Church of Hanover in Germany .
Jennifer Tham ( born 1962 ) is a leading choir conductor and music pedagogue based in Singapore .
Vaijnath Mohiniraj Pundlik ( Born 23 December 1913 - Death 9 March 2009 ) was an Indian architect , considered an important figure of South Asian architecture and noted for his contributions to the evolution of architectural discourse in India .
Folagbade Olateru Olagbegi III ( CFR , SAN ) ( born June 26 , 1941 , ) is the traditional ruler of Owo ( Olowo of Owo ) , Ondo state , Nigeria .
Mick van Buren ( born in Ridderkerk , Netherlands , 14 August 1992 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club Esbjerg fB.
Suresh Bhat ( Marathi : सुरेश भट ; April 15 , 1932 -- March 14 , 2003 ) was a noted Marathi poet from the state of Maharashtra , India .
Nicolae Milinceanu ( born 1 August 1992 , Chişinău , Moldova ) is a Moldavian footballer who plays as a striker .
Pedro Bial ( born March 29 , 1958 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian producer , director , writer , journalist and a celebrity TV presenter , best known for hosting the variety show Fantástico , and the reality show Big Brother Brasil ( the Brazilian version of Big Brother . )
Ugo Rondinone was born in 1964 to Italian parents in the resort town of Brunnen , Switzerland .
Max Krehan ( July 11 , 1875 -- October 16 , 1925 ) was a German Master Potter in Dornburg , Germany , who , in 1920 , was appointed the Lehrmeister ( Crafts Master ) for the pottery workshop at the Bauhaus school in Weimar .
Javier Treviño ( born December 11 , 1960 in Monterrey , Mexico ) , was appointed Mexico Deputy Secretary of Education by President Enrique Peña Nieto on November 20 , 2014 .
A. C. Shanmugam is the founder of New Justice Party , a political party of Tamil Nadu , India .
Mykhailo Poloz ( Ukrainian : Михайло Полоз ) was a politician , diplomat , statesman of Ukraine , participant of the Treaty of Brest - Litovsk .
José Luis Exeni was the chief judge of the National Electoral Court of Bolivia .
Jafar Umar Thalib ( pronunciation ; Arabic : جَعْفَر عُمَر طَالِب‎ ; Arabic pronunciation : ( dʒaʕfar ʕumar tˤaːlib ) ; born on November 19 , 1961 ) is the founder and the head of Laskar Jihad , a militant and radical Islamic organization in Indonesia .
Nila Heredia Miranda ( born in Uyuni , Potosí ) is a former medical school anatomy professor and administrator , former leftist militant , and Bolivia 's Minister of Health and Sports , a position she has occupied twice .
Rochdi Chraibi ( Arabic : رشدي الشرايبي‎ ; born 1962 - -Ouarzazate)is a senior member of the royal cabinet of king Mohammed VI of Morocco .
Zane Robertson ( born 14 November 1989 ) is a New Zealand middle and long - distance runner .
Abdullah Wardak , an ethnic Pashtun , was born in the Wardak Province of Afghanistan .
He established the String Quartet `` Enric Casals '' in 1921 , with which he toured Europe , offering concerts in France , Belgium , England , Switzerland and Spain .
Rosa Chacel ( June 3 , 1898 -- July 27 , 1994 ) was a famous and sometimes controversial writer from Spain .
Paul Brousse then returned to France in 1880 and progressively became more reformist .
Li Keqiang ( simplified Chinese : 李克强 ; traditional Chinese : 李克強 ; pinyin : Lǐ Kèqiáng ; Mandarin : ( lì kʰɤ̂tɕʰjǎŋ ) ; born 1 July 1955 ) is the current Premier of the State Council of the People 's Republic of China .
Rabi Ray ( born 26 November 1926 ) is an Indian socialist politician , a Gandhian , a former speaker of Lok Sabha and a former Union minister of India .
Sveinn Einarsson ( born September 18 , 1934 ) is most known for championing and cultivating professional theatre in Iceland .
Born in Częstochowa , Poland , Sebastian Ułamek and his wife , Marzena ( wedding in 2000 ) , have two children , a son , Dawid ( b. November 2004 ) and a daughter , Natalia ( b. 2008 - 09 - 08 ) .
Christoph Lauenstein ( born March 20 , 1962 in Hildesheim , West Germany ) is a German producer and animator .
James Francis Fulloon ( 12 August 1840 -- 22 July 1865 ) was a New Zealand interpreter and public servant .
Roma Ligocka ( born Rominka Liebling , 13 November 1938 in Kraków , Poland ) is a Polish costume designer , writer , and painter .
Ibn - e - Safi ( also spelled as Ibne Safi ) ( Urdu : ابنِ صفی‎ ) was the pen name of Asrar Ahmad ( Urdu : اسرار احمد‎ ) , a best - selling and prolific fiction writer , novelist and poet of Urdu from Pakistan .
Bojan Bazelli is a Montenegrin cinematographer and music video director born in Herceg Novi , Montenegro .
Marcus Chamat ( pronounced shuh - mat ) ( born 6 May 1975 , in Borlange , Sweden ) is a professional eight - ball and nine - ball pool player .
Jean - Marie Buchet ( born 24 February 1938 in Jemappes , Belgium , near Mons ) is a Belgian author and filmmaker .
Vicco von Bülow was born in Brandenburg an der Havel in Prussia , today Brandenburg , in modern north - eastern Germany .
Portia Bing ( born 17 April 1993 in Helensville ) is a New Zealand athlete who specialises in the heptathlon .
Major General Neville Alexander Odartey - Wellington ( 1934 - -1979 ) , former Chief of Army Staff , Ghana Armed Forces ( 1978 - -79 ) , was a Ghana Army officer .
Manuel Vega Tamayo ( born in Niquero , Cuba ) is a right - handed pitcher who plays for Granma of the Cuban National Series .
Arthur Owen Jensen ) was a New Zealand musician , music tutor and promoter , critic , broadcaster , composer .
Anami Narayan Roy was the Director General of Police , Maharashtra , India and the former Police Commissioner of Mumbai .
Adaeze Yobo ( born Adaeze Stephanie Chinenye Igwe ) is a former Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria .
Karl Friedrich Friesen ( 25 September 1784 Magdeburg - 16 March 1814 La Lobbe , France ) was a German gymnast and soldier , one of the principal promoters of gymnastics in Germany .
Péter Orosz ( born 19 August 1981 ) is a football striker from Hungary .
Alexandrina Maria da Costa was born at 30 March 1904 , in Balazar , a rural parish of Póvoa de Varzim , Portugal .
Kjell Westö ( born August 6 , 1961 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish author and journalist .
Preneet Kaur ( born 3 October 1944 ) is an Indian politician and former minister in the Government of India .
Mzwakhe Mbuli , a devout former Deacon at Apostolic Faith Mission Church in Naledi Soweto South Africa , known as `` The People 's Poet , Tall man , Mbulism '' , is a popular poet and Mbaqanga singer in South Africa .
Mario Theissen ( born 17 August 1952 in Monschau , Germany ) is the former BMW Motorsport Director and was team principal of BMW Sauber , the company 's Formula One team from 2005 until 2009 , when BMW sold the team back to Peter Sauber .
Vahid Mohammadzadeh ( born 16 May 1989 ) is an Iranian professional footballer who plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League .
In November 2005 , her family moved to Australia and despite her young age Charlotte McShane started competing in long distance triathlons .
Sulamita Aronovsky , born in Lithuania in 1929 , is a classical pianist and piano teacher who spent her formative years in Russia , moving to London in 1971 .
Robert Coupland Harding ( 19 October 1849 -- 16 December 1916 ) was a New Zealand printer , typographer and journalist .
Bikash Malla ( Nepali : बिकास मल्ल ) ( born 15 August 1986 ) is a footballer from Nepal .
Menno Boelsma ( born 8 January 1961 ) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands .
Phinda Dlamini ( born 8 November 1984 ) is a Swaziland international footballer who plays as a striker .
Alexandros Apostolopoulos ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Απστολόπουλος ; born 7 November 1991 in Zakynthos , Greece ) is a Greek Footballer currently playing for Platanias in the Superleague Greece .
Servatius Ludwig ( 15 June 1907 , Bous ( Saar ) , Germany - 26 May 1946 , Sinchan , Manchuria ) was a German pioneer missionary to north east China who became a leader of Christian missionary efforts in Manchuria until his assassination in 1946 .
Barry Briggs MBE ( born 30 December 1934 ) from Christchurch , New Zealand is a former Speedway rider .
Gareth Brooks ( born 28 February 1979 in Christchurch ) is a field hockey player from New Zealand , who earned his first cap for the national team , nicknamed The Black Sticks , in 2002 .
Miloš Bursać ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mилoш Буpcaћ , born June 23 , 1964 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football striker who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Emmanuel Benjamin ( born 2 February 1955 ) , nicknamed Benji , is a former professional cricketer who played at high levels in Australia , England , and India .
Moe Yu San ( born July 11 , 1991 ) is a film actress and advertising model in Myanmar .
Ahmed Gamal El Din ( born 11 November 1952 ) is a retired police general and Egypt 's former minister of interior .
Azam Taleghani ( in Persian:اعظم طالقانی ) is an Iranian politician and journalist , born in 1944 , is the head of the Society of Islamic Revolution Women of Iran , editor of Payam Hajar Weekly , and a former member of the Iranian parliament .
Suhel Tirmizi , also known as M.M. Tirmizi , is a prominent attorney and human rights advocate , practicing at the Gujarat High Court , in India .
Eero Huovinen ( born October 27 , 1944 in Helsinki ) is the former Bishop of Helsinki in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland .
Jo Niemeyer ( born in 1946 in Alf , Germany ) is a concrete artist and designer .
Andrej Kramarić ( pronounced ( ˈandrɛi ˈkramariːtɕ ) ; born 19 June 1991 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for 1899 Hoffenheim , on loan from Leicester City , and the Croatia national team .
Cao Xinlong ( Chinese : 曹新龙 ; pinyin : Cáo Xīnlóng ; born 16 August 1981 ) is a former professional snooker player from the People 's Republic of China .
Andreas Angelus ( 16 November 1561 - -9 August 1598 ; born Andreas Engel ) was a clergyman , teacher and government inspector , known for his chronicles of the history of the Mark Brandenburg , Germany .
José Ramón Díaz Alejandro , painting and writing under the name of Ramon Alejandro , ( born February 1943 , Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban painter and writer who has lived in exile in Argentina , Uruguay and Paris , France .
Brown Lindiwe Mkhize ( born Durban , South Africa ) is an African singer and actress .
Glenn Dickson ( born 22 October 1986 in Dunedin , New Zealand ) is a rugby union player who represents Northampton Saints in the Aviva Premiership .
Hans Graf ( born 15 February 1949 in Marchtrenk , Austria ) is an Austrian conductor .
Ola Bøe was born in the municipality of Vestre Slidre in Oppland county , Norway , the son of Per Person Bøe ( 1859 - -1922 ) and Rangdi Jakobsdotter ( 1867 - -1934 ) .
Çandarlı Ali Pasha ( died December 18 , 1406 ) was the grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1387 until 1406 , under sultan Bayezid I and , during the Ottoman Interregnum , Süleyman Çelebi .
Negiat Sali ( born September 4 , 1953 ) is a Romanian economist and politician , a member of the Democratic Union of Turco - Islamic Tatars of Romania ( UDTTMR ) and former member of the Chamber of Deputies in 2000 - 2004 .
Danilo Lazović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данило Лазовић ) ( 25 . November 1951 , Brodarevo , Serbia , then Yugoslavia -- 25 March 2006 in Belgrade , Serbia and Montenegro ) was a Serbian actor .
Born in Budapest in 1863 , Victor Basch emigrated with his family to France as a child , and later studied at the Sorbonne .
Günther Hussong ( born June 17 , 1948 in Kirkel , Germany ) is a dialect poet , cabaret artist , composer and CD - producer .
Altaír Jarabo ( born Altaír Jarabo García on August 7 , 1986 , in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and fashion model .
May Barani Thaw ( Yangon , born 10 October 1990 ) is a Burmese model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Myanmar 2015 and represented Myanmar at the Miss Universe 2015 Pageant .
Pat Creedy ( 1920s--2011 ) was a New Zealand rugby football player who represented his country in rugby league .
Masaru Edward Fulenwider - Musashi ( born April 26 , 1977 in Rikuzentakata , Iwate , Japan ) , better known by the stage name Mark Musashi ( マーク武蔵 Māku Musashi ) , is a Wushu martial artist and a stuntman / actor or Gaijin tarento .
Sam Sparro was born 8 November 1982 and raised in Sydney , Australia .
Damiano Lenzi ( born August 14 , 1987 , Domodossola , VB , Piedmont , Italy ) is an Italian ski mountaineer and cross - country skier , Italian Army member , Mountain Warfare Troops ( `` Alpini '' ) .
Gautam Rajadhyaksha ( 16 September 1950 -- 13 September 2011 ) was one of India 's leading fashion photographers , and was based in Mumbai , India He was one of India 's best known celebrity portraitists , having photographed almost all the icons of the Indian Film industry .
Jorge de Juan was born into a very artistic family in Cartagena , Spain , in 1961 .
Richard Hu Tsu Tau ( Chinese : 胡赐道 ; pinyin : Hú Cìdào , born October 30 , 1926 ) is a former People 's Action Party ( PAP ) politician in Singapore .
Alejandra Dorado ( September 24 , 1969 - ) is considered to be one of the most important contemporary artists in working Bolivia .
Chander Kumar ( born 8 May 1944 ) served as Member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Saint Donnán of Eigg ( also known as Donan ; died 17 April 617 ) was a Gaelic priest , likely from Ireland , who attempted to introduce Christianity to the Picts of northwestern Scotland during the Early Middle Ages .
Nguyễn Minh Phương ( born 5 July 1980 ) is a retired Vietnamese professional footballer who last played for SHB Đà Nẵng in the V - League and he was the captain of Vietnam national football team until 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup .
Son Tae - jin ( Hangul : 손태진 , Hanja : 孫泰珍 ) ( born May 5 , 1988 in Gyeongsan , Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea ) is a South Korean Taekwondo practitioner .
Jeanie Collier ( c.1791 -- 16 September 1861 ) was a New Zealand runholder .
Tun Endon Mahmood Ambak ( 24 December 1940 -- 20 October 2005 ) was the first wife of the 5th Prime Minister of Malaysia , Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi .
María Ofelia Villenave Garza , known as Fernanda Villeli , ( 14 May 1921 -- 1 February 2009 ) was a Mexican writer and activist , who was one of the major writers of telenovelas in Mexico .
One of South Africa 's foremost painters , Cyril Fradan was born in Johannesburg in 1928 .
John Southgate Allen ( 3 January 1883 -- 11 November 1955 ) of Tirau was appointed a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council on 27 July 1950 .
Arturo Maly ( September 6 , 1939 in Buenos Aires -- May 25 , 2001 in Morteros , Córdoba , Argentina ) was a Silver Condor award winning Argentine actor .
Osman Murat Özaydınlı ( 22 May 1954 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a businessman , mechanical engineer and vice - president of Turkish multispor club Fenerbahçe SK .
Brian Routh is a performance / sound artist born 9 March 1948 in Gateshead , County Durham , United Kingdom .
Francisco Hudson Cárdenas ( Curaco de Vélez , Chile , July 1 , 1826 -- March , 1859 ) was a Chilean naval officer and hydrographer notable for his explorations of Southern Chile and Chilean Patagonia .
Wolfgang Muff ( 15 March 1880 -- 17 May 1947 ) was a general in the Wehrmacht during the time of Nazi Germany .
Rukan Razuki Abd al - Ghafar ( Ar:روكان رزوقي عبد الغفور , born 1956 in Tikrit , died 2003 ) was the head of the tribal affairs office in Iraq under Saddam Hussein and a member of Saddam 's inner circle .
Radha Gyawali , a member of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) , assumed the post of the Minister of Energy on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala - led government .
Sadhu Sundar Singh ( Hindi : साधु सुन्दर सिंह ; b .. 3 September 1889 , Patiala State , India ) was an Indian Christian missionary .
Luciano Zacharski ( born on December 17 , 1985 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , is an Argentine actor , currently resides in Mexico City , Mexico .
Ernest Walton was born in Abbeyside , County Waterford , Ireland , to a Methodist minister father , Rev. John Walton ( 1874 - -1936 ) and Anna Sinton ( 1874 - -1906 ) .
The Year China Discovered the World , amateur historian Gavin Menzies argues that Zhou Man built a fortess at Bittangabee Bay Australia and that his fleet approached and mapped the Pacific coast of North America and may have been wiped out by a megatsunami resulting from a comet impact creating Mahuika crater .
Glenn A. Baker ( born 28 July 1952 ) is an Australian journalist , commentator , and broadcaster well known in Australia for his vast knowledge of Rock music .
Mariano Felipe Paz Soldán y Ureta ( August 22 , 1821 - December 31 , 1886 ) , Peruvian historian and geographer , was born at Arequipa , Peru .
Gokulam Gopalan is a businessman , film producer and distributor from Kerala , India .
Augustin Dontenwill was born on June 4 , 1857 , in Bischwiller , Alsace , France ; where he came to the United States , as a child .
Nikolaus Schneider ( * 3 September 1947 ) was from 9 November 2010 to 10 November 2014 president of the council of the Evangelical Church in Germany ( EKD ) .
Karl Wilhelm Heinrich von Kleist ( 1 November 1836 , Brandenburg - 2 January 1917 , Berlin ) was a Prussian officer of the Imperial German Army , most recently General of the Cavalry ( Germany ) .
Amanda Samaroo ( born 2 November 1992 ) is a twenty - two year old National Cricketer from Trinidad and Tobago .
Rushmi Chakravarthi ( Telugu : రుష్మి చక్రవర్తి ; born 9 October 1977 ) is a professional tennis player from India .
Islam Slimani ( Arabic : إسلام سليماني ; born 18 June 1988 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a striker for Sporting Clube de Portugal and the Algeria national team .
Amer Kamal ( born 13 September 1987 in Sudan ) is Sudanese footballer who plays for Al - Merreikh SC in Sudanese Premier League .
Dirk Van der Hoff ( 2 September 1814 in Dordrecht , Netherlands , -- 9 October 1881 in Potchefstroom South Africa ) was minister of the Nederduitsch Hervormde Kerk , one of the Dutch Reformed Churches in South Africa .
Marc Chagall was born Moishe Segal in a Lithuanian Jewish family in Liozna , near the city of Vitebsk ( Belarus , then part of the Russian Empire ) in 1887 .
Sara Wiseman is a New Zealand actress living and working in New Zealand and Australia .
Rafael Filiberto Bonnelly Fondeur ( August 22 , 1904 -- December 28 , 1979 ) was a lawyer , scholar , diplomat , and , from 1962 until 1963 , the President of the Dominican Republic , before he was president , he was vice president of the country from 1960 to 1962 .
Brody Blair ( born December 27 , 1991 ) is a Canadian amateur boxer that has represented Canada in multiple international competitions as a middleweight .
Thomas Cawthron ( 25 May 1833 -- 8 October 1915 ) was a New Zealand businessman and philanthropist responsible for the establishment of the Cawthron research institute .
Stefan Nystrand ( born 20 October 1981 in Haninge ) is a freestyle swimmer from Sweden .
Pandit Prakash Vir Shastri ( 30 December 1923 -- 23 November 1977 ) was a noted Member of the Parliament of India ( Sansad ) .
Roland Teichmann ( born April 19 , 1970 in Salzburg , Austria ) is the director of the Austrian Film Institute .
Fernand Backes ( born January 30 , 1930 ) was a boxer from Luxembourg .
Kashif Ahmed ( born 17 November 1975 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani and United Arab Emirates cricketer .
Amelia Mary Randall ( 1844 - -1930 ) was a New Zealand companion help , church and community leader , landowner , businesswoman , benefactor .
Paston Coke ( born 23 August 1971 ) was born in St. James , one of the western parishes of Jamaica .
Stéphane Caristan ( born May 31 , 1964 in Créteil ) is a retired hurdler from France , who set the world 's best year performance in 1986 .
Americans are citizens of the United States of America .
Wolfgang Dauner ( born 30 December 1935 ) is a German jazz fusion pianist , composer and keyboardist born in Stuttgart , Germany , probably best known for his work in the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble and with musicians such as Hans Koller , Albert Mangelsdorff , Volker Kriegel or Ack van Rooyen .
Colonel Sultan Amir Tarar ( died January 2011 ) , best known as Colonel Imam , was a Pakistan Army officer and special warfare operation specialist .
Vassilis Photopoulos ( Greek : Βασίλης Φωτόπουλος ) ( 1934 , Kalamata -- January 14 , 2007 , Athens , Greece ) was an influential Greek painter , film director , art director and set designer .
Thein Htaik ( Burmese : သိန်းထိုက် ) is the Union Auditor General of Myanmar , appointed to the post on 7 September 2012 .
Gerhard Launer ( born 8 January 1949 in Werneck ) is one of the best known aerial photographers in Germany .
Ariel Moscovici ( born 1956 , Bucharest , Romania ) is a sculptor born in Romania and based in France .
The Origins of Western and Eastern Slav Towns , Witold Hensel , World Archaeology , Vol . 1 , No . 1 , Recent Work and New Approaches ( Jun. , 1969 ) , pp . 51 - 60 Polska Starożytna ( En : ancient Poland ) ; by Witold Hensel ;
Samad Allapitchay ( born 1950 ) is a former Singapore national football team captain who played for National Football League sides Geylang International and Tampines Rovers , and the Singapore Lions in the Malaysia Cup as a centre - back .
John Dalhoff , a.k.a . John Ultimate ( 1944 -- 2001 ) was the founder of the organisation ' Zenith Applied Philosophy ' ( ZAP ) based in Christchurch , New Zealand .
According to reports in Croatia PAOK are set to complete a deal for the Rijeka left back Marin Leovac .
Petro Trochanowski or Piotr Trochanowski ( born 1947 ) was born in Silesia in the southwestern part of Poland to Lemko parents from Binczarowa .
Ionel Sorin Trofin ( born 30 January 1976 , Bălan , Harghita , Romania ) was a Romanian footballer .
Sigmar Vilhjálmsson ( born January 3 , 1977 , in Egilsstaðir , Iceland ) , nicknamed Simmi , is an Icelandic TV host .
Atik Jauhari ( born 14 August 1949 in Tangerang in Indonesia ) is a badminton coach from Indonesia .
Swaminatha Desikar was born in a village called Valavanur ( Valavanur ) ) near by Mailam in Tamil Nadu , South India into an orthodox Saiva Tamil ( Desikar ) family around the middle of the 19th century .
Fabian Del Priore ( born 27 May , 1978 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a composer , arranger and sound designer .
Luis Fernando Figari Rodrigo ( born July 8 , 1947 in Lima , Peru ) is a Peruvian Catholic layman and the founder and former superior general of Sodalitium Christianae Vitae .
Sanasar Oganisyan ( Armenian : Սանասար Հովհաննիսյան , born February 5 , 1960 in Moscow , Russian SSR ) is a former Freestyle wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent and Olympic , World and European Champion .
Nicolás Ledezma is a paralympic athlete from Mexico competing mainly in category T11 long distance events .
Alyson Hunter ( born 1948 ) is a New Zealand photographer and print maker , resident in London , who , during the 1970s and 1980s , employed an unusual technique of etching with a chemically modified photographic image .
Gedko Powało was a thirteenth century bishop of Płock , Poland .
Léon Syrovatski ( born July 25 , 1938 in Paris ) is a former javelin thrower from France , who finished in 18th place in two consecutive Summer Olympics : 1956 and 1960 .
Kevin Field is a New Zealand jazz pianist and composer .
Ronald James McLean ( 22 January 1914 - -26 May 1980 ) was a New Zealand farmer , aviator , community leader and environmental campaigner .
Joseph Martinus Stultiens was a silversmith and metalworker in The Hague ( The Netherlands ) , New York , Boston and Toronto .
László Sólyom ( Hungarian : Sólyom László , pronounced ( ˈʃoːjom ˈlaːsloː ) ; born 3 January 1942 ) is a Hungarian political figure , lawyer , and librarian who was President of Hungary from 2005 until 2010 .
Born in Havana , Alfonso Catá was the son of a diplomat in service to the government of Fulgencio Batista , president of Cuba from 1933 to 1959 .
Thomas Minder ( born 26 December 1960 in Schaffhausen , Switzerland ) is a Swiss entrepreneur and politician .
Sir James Peter Quilliam ( 23 March 1920 -- 17 February 2004 ) was Chief Justice of the Cook Islands and a Judge of the High Court of New Zealand .
Tingsek is a Swedish musician and producer from Södra Sandby , Sweden .
Gerlach Cerfontaine ( born in Houthem on November 28 , 1946 ) is a former business leader from the Netherlands , who is probably best known for his role as CEO of the Schiphol Group .
Milena Duchková ( born April 25 , 1952 in Prague ) is a diver from the Czechoslovakia and Olympic champion .
Ram Balkrushna Shewalkar ( Devanagari : राम बाळकृष्ण शेवाळकर ) ( 2 March 1931 -- 3 May 2009 ) was a Marathi orator , writer , and literary critic from Maharashtra , India .
Sarah Mlynowski ( born January 4 , 1977 in Montreal , Canada ) is a writer of middle - grade fiction , young adult novels , and adult fiction .
He was the son of Maurice Keatinge of Narraghmore , County Kildare , an MP for Kildare in the Parliament of Ireland .
Major Mathew Richmond CB ( 1801 -- 5 March 1887 ) was a New Zealand colonial administrator and a politician .
Knut Ekwall ( 3 April 1843 in Säby ( Småland province ) , Sweden -- 4 April 1912 in Säby ) , was a Swedish painter .
Andres Sõber has been noted as one of the most successful youth coaches in Estonia .
Ben Kozel ( born 1973 ) is an adventurer , author , film maker and teacher , born in South Australia .
Toshiyuki Watanabe ( 渡辺 俊幸 Watanabe Toshiyuki ) ( born February 3 , 1955 , in Nagoya , Japan ) is a Japanese musician and composer who has scored multiple films and anime .
Song Myung - geun ( Hangul : 송명근 ; born 12 March 1993 ) is a volleyball player from South Korea .
Daniela Del Din ( born September 29 , 1969 in San Marino ) is a Sammarinese professional sport shooter .
Molly Melching is the founder and executive director of Tostan ( meaning `` breakthrough '' in the Wolof language ) , a Non - Governmental Organization ( NGO ) headquartered in Dakar , Senegal whose mission it is to empower African communities to bring about sustainable development and positive social transformation based on respect of human rights .
Maripol was brought up in France before moving to New York in 1976 .
Sergio Bismarck Villar ( born 5 January 1944 ) is a former Uruguay football left back .
Rokas Žilinskas ( born on 20 July 1972 in Vilnius , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian journalist and politician .
Alonso Manso was born in Becerril de Campos , Spain and studied theology at the University of Salamanca .
Franz Leopold von Nádasdy auf Fogaras was born on September 30 , 1708 in Radkersburg , Austria into a Hungarian family of old nobility .
Wilson Sabiya was Governor of Adamawa State , Nigeria from 27 August 1991 to January 1992 .
Torun Eriksen ( born 8 January 1977 in Lunde , Telemark , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz singer , whose musical talents first came to prominence as a music student at high school in Norway .
Victor Rodger ( born 1969 ) is a New Zealand journalist , actor and award - winning playwright of Samoan and Pākehā heritage .
Kala Ramnath is the first child of Malathy and T.N. Mani in Chennai , India .
Pieter Weening ( born 5 April 1981 ) is a road bicycle racer from Harkema , Friesland , the Netherlands , currently riding for Orica - GreenEDGE .
Lucien Febvre was born and brought up in Nancy , in northeastern France .
Lê Thái Tông ( 黎太宗 22 December 1423 - ---28 August 1442 ) was an emperor of Vietnam from 1433 till his early death nine years later .
Tuvia Bielski ( May 8 , 1906 -- June 12 , 1987 ) was the leader of the Bielski group , Jewish partisans who were situated in the Naliboki forest in pre - war Poland ( now western Belarus ) during World War II .
Vladimir Kolev ( Bulgarian : Владимир Колев , born April 18 , 1953 ) is a retired boxer from Bulgaria and Olympic bronze medalist , he also works as an actor .
Roberto Vacchi was born in Stockholm in 1965 , to his two Italian parents who emigrated to Sweden in the 1950s .
Sebastian Seifert ( born 12 December 1978 in Ystad , Sweden ) is a Swedish handballer , currently playing for Danish Handball League side KIF Kolding .
Saint Mellonius was an early 4th - century Bishop of Rotomagus ( now Rouen ) in the Roman province of Secunda Provincia Lugdunensis ( now Normandy in France ) .
Elíseo Arango Ramos ( 16 April 1900 -- 17 December 1977 ) was a Colombian lawyer and diplomat who served as 4th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations and as Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Hazem Mahamid ( Arabic : حازم محيميد‎ ) ( born 16 October , in Homs , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Jaime Jarrín ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈxaime xaˈrin ) ; born December 10 , 1935 in Quito , Ecuador ) is the Spanish language voice of the Los Angeles Dodgers .
Reisa Kartikasari born on December 28 , 1985 in Malang , East Java is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia 2011 1st Runner - up and will represented her country at the Miss International 2011 pageant .
Urs Graf ( born c. 1485 in Solothurn , Switzerland ; possibly died before 13 October 1528 ) was a Swiss Renaissance goldsmith , painter and printmaker ( of woodcuts , etchings and engravings ) , as well as a mercenary soldier .
Dom Nikollë Kaçorri ( 1862 - -1917 ) , was a prominent figure of the National Renaissance of Albania .
Lasse Stefanz , earlier Lasse Stefans , is a country music - inspired dansband , formed in 1967 in Kristianstad , Sweden .
Omer Joldić ( born January 1 , 1977 in Tuzla ) is a former Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballer .
Benedetto Spera ( born July 1 , 1934 ) is a member of the Sicilian Mafia and the boss of the Belmonte Mezzagno Mafia family and the mandamento of Misilmeri in the province of Palermo , Sicily , southern Italy .
Adela Micha Zaga ( born May 25 , 1963 ) is a Mexican Jewish journalist notable for conducting several radio and TV newscasts and pioneering the Big Brother reality show in Mexico .
Li Chevalier ( Chinese : 诗蓝 ; pinyin : Shī Lán ; born March 30 , 1961 ) is a Chinese - born artist who moved to France and became a French citizen in 1986 .
Veaceslav Lisa ( born 24 May 1993 , Chisinau , Moldova ) is a Moldovan football Midfielder who plays for club FC Sheriff Tiraspol .
Ulrike Rosenbach ( born 1943 ) is an international video works artist from Germany .
Mahmoud Khordbin ( Persian : محمود خوردبین‎‎ , born 24 September 1948 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian retired football player .
Abdullah Mousa Mohamed Ahmed Esmaeil Al Bloushi , also called Abdulla Al Bloushi ( Arabic : عبد الله موسى ; born 23 February 1987 in Al Ain , United Arab Emirates ) is an Emirati footballer who plays for home country club Al - Jazira in UAE Football League .
Roderick Asciak ( born 4 February 1967 in Rabat , Malta ) is a retired footballer .
Monica Guerritore ( January 5 , 1958 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian actress of cinema , theatre and television .
Jüri Kerem ( April 24 , 1943 , Tallinn , Estonia - September 8 , 1993 ) was a talented Estonian caricaturist and portraitist .
Juan Carlos Burgos Castillo ( born December 26 , 1987 , in Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Featherweight division .
Sripriya is an actress who played leading roles in the 1970s and 1980s in South India .
Arjun Mark ( 1980 ) and is an Indian born fashion photographer who lives and works in Mumbai , India .
Ingemar Lundström , born May 9 , 1941 in Skellefteå , Sweden is a Swedish Professor of Applied Physics at Linköping University .
Abdelkrim Brahmi a.k.a . Rim'K ( born 21 June 1978 in Paris , France ) is a French rapper of Algerian descent .
Gérald Mossé ( born 3 January 1967 in France ) is a jockey in thoroughbred horse racing .
Archibald Campbell , 1st Marquess of Argyll , 8th Earl of Argyll , chief of Clan Campbell , ( March 1607 -- 27 May 1661 ) was the de facto head of government in Scotland during most of the conflict known as the Wars of the Three Kingdoms , also known as the British Civil War .
Mario Romancini ( born December 15 , 1987 in São Paulo ) is a professional racing driver from Brazil .
Sam McNicol ( born 6 October 1995 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a fullback for Wellington in the ITM Cup .
Eugenio Recuenco , born 1968 , is a photographer from Madrid , Spain , who works mostly in the publishing and advertising fields .
Khalnazar Agakhanov ( Turkmen : Halnazar Agahanow , Russian : Халназар Агаханов ) ( 25 February 1952 - -29 June 2013 ) was a politician and diplomat of the Republic of Turkmenistan .
Francisco de la O ( born December 27 , 1965 , Mexico City ) is a Mexican actor and host .
Florian Froehlich , born December 17 , 1959 , in Pfaeffikon in Switzerland , is a contemporary artist who creates paintings , sculptures , stained - glass , and installations .
Milagro Sala ( born January 27 , 1964 ) is a leader of the Tupac Amaru neighborhood association , part of the Association of State Workers ( ATE ) of Jujuy , and a leading figure in the Movimiento piquetero of Argentina .
Patrick Lindner ( born 27 September 1960 in Munich , Germany ) is a German Volksmusik singer .
Andrei Krukov ( born January 7 , 1971 in Karaganda ) is a pair skater who competed internationally for both Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan .
Aquileo J. Echeverría ( May 22 , 1866 in San José , Costa Rica -- March 11 , 1909 in Barcelona ) was a Costa Rican politician , writer , and journalist .
Eckehard Feigenspan ( born 13 May 1935 ) is a former German footballer who has been twice capped for Germany 's B squad .
Marianna Zachariadi ( 25 February 1990 -- 29 April 2013 ) was a Greek pole vaulter who later competed for Cyprus .
Simon Pierro grew up in Waldbronn ( Baden - Württemberg ) , Germany and now lives in Berlin .
İsmail Ogan ( March 5 , 1933 , Antalya Province , Turkey ) , is a former Turkish Olympic medalist sports wrestler in the Welterweight class ( 73 kg until 1961 , 78 kg from 1961 on ) and a trainer .
Ramon Sauló ( born 12 February 1954 ) is a singer and graphic designer from Catalonia , Spain .
Katja Seizinger ( born 10 May 1972 ) is a former alpine ski racer , the most successful alpine racer from Germany .
Shkëlzen Doli ( born August the 9th , 1971 in Elbasan , Albania , and grew up in Gjakova , Kosovo ) is an Albanian violinist .
Raymond Tshibanda ( born November 20 , 1950 ) , is the President of the Liberal Christian Democrats Union , a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Faouzi Kojmane better known by his stage name Zifou , ( born in Sedan , Ardennes , France on 20 July 1992 ) is a French rapper of Moroccan origin signed to Universal Music France 's Division AZ .
Jawad Dawood ( born May 9 , 1982 in Quetta , Balochistan , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani Canadian cricketer currently playing for the Canada national cricket team .
Narendra Nayak ( born 5 February 1951 ) is a notable rationalist , sceptic , and godman debunker from Mangalore , Karnataka , India .
Igor Astarloa Askasibar ( born March 29 , 1976 in Ermua , Basque Country ) is a retired cyclist from Spain .
Laman Tun Sri Lanang , Kota Tinggi Perpustakaan Tun Seri Lanang , Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Tun Seri Lanang Secondary School , former Secondary school in Singapore
Phillipa Gray MNZM ( born 16 February 1989 in Thames , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand paralympic cyclist .
José Luis García - López was born on March 26 , 1948 in Pontevedra , Spain , and lived subsequently in Argentina .
Albert Vete ( born 24 January 1993 ) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League .
Ásthildur Helgadóttir ( born 9 May 1976 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played club football in America and Sweden , as well as her native Iceland .
Lê Mai ( 1940 -- June 12 , 1996 ) was a distinguished Vietnamese diplomat who served as a member of the Central Committee of the Vietnamese Communist Party and as Deputy Foreign Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam until his death .
Thomas Larsson ( born 1964 in Falun , Sweden ) is a Swedish guitarist and song writer , perhaps most famous for his work with singer Glenn Hughes and with the band Baltimoore .
Around 207 BC , when rebellions broke out all over China to overthrow the Qin Dynasty , Zang Tu was sent to lead an army to assist rebel forces from the insurgent Zhao state , which were under attack by the Qin imperial army led by Zhang Han .
Josué Sánchez Cerron is a Peruvian painter born in Huancayo , Peru in 1945 .
Volha Antonava ( born 29 February 1992 ) is a track cyclist from Belarus .
Andrew Mewing ( 1981 ) is a former national - team swimmer from Australia .
One of five children , Francisco González Valer was born in Arcos de Jalón in the province of Soria , Spain .
According to the Records of the Grand Historian , Fu Buqi ( Zijian ) was born in 521 BC , 30 years younger than Confucius , He was from the State of Lu , Confucius ' native state .
Esther de Cáceres ( 1903 -- February 3 , 1971 ) was a poet and writer from Uruguay .
Israel Shamir ( Russian : Исраэль Шамир ; born 1947 ) , also known by the names Jöran Jermas and Adam Ermash , is a citizen of Sweden and Russian writer and journalist .
Frank Laut ( September 27 , 1884 -- August 18 , 1961 ) was a farmer and a provincial politician from Alberta , Canada .
Emma Tahmizian ( * 13 . December 1957 , Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian pianist of Armenian descent living in the USA .
Juan Carlos Covarrubias Muñoz ( born 1961 ) , commonly known as Juan Covarrubias or sometimes El Copihue de cobre y El 10 de la zurda mágica , is a Chilean footballer was plays as Left midfielder in Chile 's Primera División .
Park Sung - hwa ( Hangul : 박성화 ; born 7 May 1955 ) is a South Korea football manager and a retired football player .
Lampros Kontogiannis Gómez ( Greek : Λάμπρος Κοντογιάννης Γκόμεζ ; born 1 August 1988 in Manzanillo , Colima , Mexico ) is a Greek - Mexican soccer player , who plays for Peruvian team FBC Melgar in the Torneo Descentralizado .
Alina Dumitru was decorated by the president of Romania , Traian Băsescu , with Medalia `` Meritul Sportiv '' -- ( The Medal `` The Sportive Merit '' ) class III . She was given the award of Cetățean de onoare ( `` Honorary Citizen '' ) of her hometown Ploiești in 2008 .
Derek Decamps aka Derek ( born 2 May 1985 in Paris , France ) is a French football player who plays in the Norwegian Tippeligaen for Sandnes Ulf .
Caesar Roose ( 1886 - -1967 ) was a notable New Zealand ship owner and operator , flax and timber miller , businessman , entrepreneur , community leader , philanthropist .
Margaret Abela ( born 14 March 1949 ) is the wife of the 8th President of the Republic of Malta , George Abela and hence First Lady of Malta .
Haruko Sagara ( 相楽 晴子 , Sagara Haruko , born March 1 , 1968 in Koriyama , Fukushima , Japan ) is a Japanese actress and ex - idol singer in the 1980s .
Veli Lampi ( born 18 July 1984 ) , is a Finnish professional football Right back who plays for Finnish Veikkausliiga side HJK and represents Finland national team .
Cyrus Hashemi ( also spelled Hashimi ; c.1942 - 21 July 1986 ) was an Iranian arms dealer linked to the Iran - Contra affair and October Surprise conspiracy theory .
Umar Sani ( born January 25 , 1963 in Kaduna , Kaduna State , Nigeria ) is Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to Vice President Namadi Sambo of Nigeria .
Pierre Mottron is a French singer and songwriter born 27 March 1987 in Tours France .
Bryan Termulo ( born March 8 , 1988 in Bocaue , Bulacan , Philippines ) is a singer from the Philippines , who was the runner - up in Pinoy Pop Superstar Year 3 .
In early seventies Toni Iordache was arrested for possession of foreign currency , which was strictly forbidden in communist Romania .
Elizabeth Gardner ( born 4 September 1980 in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian freestyle skier
Mërgim Bajraktari ( born 27 May 1993 in Basel , Switzerland ) is an Albanian professional footballer who last played for Stade Nyonnais .
Katerina Anghelaki - Rooke ( born 1939 , Athens , Greece ) is a Greek poet .
Brendon Winslow ( born 30 August 1969 ) is a New Zealand rugby player of Croatian descent .
Ella Bergmann - Michel ( b. Paderborn , Germany in 1896 , died 1971 ) was a German abstract artist , photographer and documentary filmmaker .
Benjamin Wong Tape OBE JP ( Chinese : 黃炳耀 , 26 December 1875 -- 16 June 1967 ) was a merchant in New Zealand and Hong Kong .
Rosalie Marie Auguste Nitribitt ( February 1 , 1933 -- October 29 , 1957 ) , better known as Rosemarie Nitribitt , was a German luxury call girl whose violent death caused a scandal in the Germany of the Wirtschaftswunder years .
Franciszek Jarecki ( born September 7 , 1931 -- died October 24 , 2010 ) was a pilot in the Polish Air Force , who became famous in early 1953 when he escaped Soviet - controlled Poland in a Mikoyan - Gurevich MiG-15 jet , one of the best Soviet planes at that time .
Nigel Roder is currently working throughout the United Kingdom as an entertainer both in his jester role and as a teacher of circus skills workshops .
Kurt Gribl ( born August 29 , 1964 Augsburg , Germany ) is the Mayor of Augsburg , Bavaria , an office he has held since May 1 , 2008 .
Stopira received his first call - up to the Cape Verde national team in May 2008 , for a friendly with Luxembourg and a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Cameroon .
Garry Lund is an association football player who represented New Zealand .
Dr. Hossein Elahi Ghomshei was born on 4 January 1940 in Tehran , Iran .
Kim Kay 's arguably most famous work is her dance single `` Lilali '' , which was a hit in Europe , beyond Belgium and France , where she booked her overall greatest successes throughout her career .
Kristian Valen ( born 13 October 1974 ) is a comedian , actor , singer and songwriter originally from Stavanger , Norway .
Thomas Troelsen ( born 6 October 1981 ) is a singer , songwriter , and producer from Denmark .
Mario Tosi ( born 1942 , Rome , Italy ) is an Italian - American cinematographer and cameraman .
Khairy Beshara ( Arabic : خيري بشارة‎ pronounced ( ˈxæjɾi beˈʃɑːɾɑ ) ; b. June 30 , 1947 in Tanta , Egypt ) is an Egyptian film director active in the Egyptian film industry since the 1970s .
Hüseyin Öztoprak is the Agriculture and Forestry Minister in the 20th Government of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus under Prime Minister Ferdi Sabit Soyer .
Mahamat Kamoun ( born 13 November 1961 ) is a Central African politician who is the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic , in an interim capacity , since 10 August 2014 .
Petar Stambolić ( Serbian pronunciation : ( pětar stambǒliːt͡ɕ ) ; 12 July 1912 -- 21 September 2007 ) was a Yugoslav communist politician who served as the President of the Federal Executive Council ( prime minister ) of Yugoslavia from 1963 to 1967 and President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia from 1982 until 1983 .
Mehmood Quraishy , born February 4 , 1942 , in Kenya , was a Kenyan cricketer who played three One day Internationals in the 1975 World Cup for East Africa .
Maravarman Kulasekara Pandyan I ( Tamil : முதலாம் மாறவர்மன் குலசேகர பாண்டியன் ) was a Pandyan king , who ruled regions of South India between 1268 - -1308 CE . Though Sen states he ruled until 1310 .
Sylvie De Caluwé ( born 1986 ) is a Belgian model and television presenter , born in 1986 in Torhout , Belgium .
Jason Hershey ( born 1978 in Spokane , Washington ) , better known as O - Shen , is a reggae musician , raised in Papua New Guinea .
Siva Chandran ( born 14 November 1983 ) is a Singaporean Film Editor who edited the Singapore feature Film Titled `` My Magic '' ( Tamil ) .
Diego de Almagro was born and raised in Almagro , Ciudad Real , Spain .
Gonzalo Tassier is a graphic designer and publicity specialist from Mexico City , who has created a number of highly recognized logos and trademarks in Mexico .
Born in Aurangabad , India , and raised in a musical family , SEQU3L developed an early interest in melody and rhythm .
Dejan Meleg has represented Serbia on various youth levels and currently plays for Serbia U19 .
Celso Morga Iruzubieta ( born 28 January 1948 in Huércanos , La Rioja , Spain ) is the current Coadjutor Archbishop of Mérida - Badajoz since his appointment on 8 October 2014 .
Barrister Mohammed Bello Adoke , Senior Advocate of Nigeria , ( born 1 September 1963 ) was appointed Nigerian Attorney General and Minister of Justice on 6 April 2010 , when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet .
Herminia Ibarra ( born 1970 , The Habana , Cuba ) is an economist and professor at INSEAD .
Pip Proud ( Philip Proud , 1947 - -2010 ) was an Australian singer / songwriter , poet , novelist and dramatist whose idiosyncratic song - poems gained a cult following in Australia in the 1960s and around the world in the 1990s-2000s .
Paraskevas Nikiforos Diamandouros ( Greek : Νικηφόρος Διαμαντούρος , Greek pronunciation : ( niciˈforos ðʝamanˈduros ) ) ( born June 25 , 1942 ) is a Greek academic who was the first National Ombudsman of Greece from 1998 to 2003 and has been Ombudsman for the European Union from April 2003 to October 2013 .
H. V. Hande ( b. November 28 , 1927 in Coimbatore , India ) is an Indian medical practitioner and a politician .
Amán Rawson ( 1792 - January 1847 ) was an American physician and merchant based in San Juan , Argentina , who was well known during the first half of the nineteenth century .
Patrick Joseph O'Kane ( 1884 -- 1970 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 8 September 1941 to 7 September 1948 ; and 8 September 1948 to 31 December 1950 , when the Council was abolished .
Magda Ianculescu was born in Iaşi , a city in the Moldavia region of Romania , and was educated at the Oltea Doamna secondary school there before entering the Bucharest Conservatory of Dramatic Art in 1947 .
Justin Vali ranks among the greatest living players of traditional Malagasy music on the valiha , a bamboo tube zither considered the national instrument of Madagascar .
Reza Mehmandoust ( in Persian : رضا مهماندوست ) is an Iranian Taekwondo player and the head coach of Iran 's National Taekwondo team between ( 1997 - 2011 ) .
Logan Howlett is the mayor of the City of Cockburn in Western Australia .
Aurel Onciul ( 1864 - 1921 ) was a Romanian moderate political leader in the Austrian Bukovina , prior to its union with the Kingdom of Romania .
William Arthur Satchell ( 1861 - -1942 ) was a notable New Zealand orchardist , writer , stockbroker , novelist and accountant .
Syamsul Yusof ( born 21 May 1984 ) is a Malaysian director and actor who often emerge through action - oriented films in Malaysia .
Purushottam Das Tandon ( Devanagri : पुरुषोत्तम दास टंडन pronunciation ) ( 1 August 1882 -- 1 July 1962 ) , was a freedom fighter from Uttar Pradesh in India .
Remzi Giray Kaçar ( born 15 March 1985 in Karaman , Turkey ) is a Turkish footballer who plays Centre back for TFF First League club Göztepe .
Georg Johan De Besche ( 1754 - -1814 ) , was a Swedish a courtier , colonel , governor and a favorite of Gustav III of Sweden .
Snir Yamin is a singer - songwriter originally from Tel Aviv , Israel .
Ramswaroop Verma ( August 22 , 1923 -- August 19 , 1998 ) , was in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Hector Begeo ( born June 19 , 1964 ) is a three - time Olympian representing the Philippines .
Imam Muhammad Ashafa is co - director with Pastor James Wuye of the Interfaith Mediation Center of the Muslim - Christian Dialogue in the Kaduna State , Northern Nigeria .
Raymond Thompson is a New Zealand screenwriter , composer and producer .
Theavy Mok ( born April 3 , 1963 ) is the first plastic surgeon in Cambodia .
Sven Axbom ( 15 October 1926 - 15 April 2006 ) was a Swedish footballer who was capped on 31 occasions by Sweden between 1955 and 1960 .
John Horne Blackmore ( March 27 , 1890 -- May 2 , 1971 ) , a school teacher and principal by training , was the first leader of what became the Social Credit Party of Canada , a political party in Canada that promoted the social credit theories of monetary reform .
Dariusz Baranowski ( born 22 June 1972 in Wałbrzych ) is a professional racing cyclist from Poland .
Jens Keukeleire ( born 23 November 1988 in Bruges , Belgium ) is a professional road racing cyclist currently riding for UCI ProTeam Orica - GreenEDGE .
The South Korea national football team manager was first established in May 1948 with the appointment of Park Chung - hwi .
Hong Soo - hwan ( Hangul : 홍수환 ) ( born May 26 , 1950 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a retired boxer from South Korea .
Elena Keldibekova ( born June 23 , 1974 in Almaty , Kazakhstan , USSR ) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays as setter for the Peruvian national team .
Gilberto Andrés Romero Pino ( born November 16 , 1948 in Havana , Cuba ) , is a self - taught Cuban artist specializing in humorous drawings and paintings .
Jamshed Akhtar ( born 1947 , Faizabad , India ) is an Indian writer and researcher .
Trần Hưng Đạo ( 1228 - -1300 ) was the Supreme Commander of Vietnam during the Trần Dynasty .
Talbert Monsell Forrest ( born 10 October 1923 ) is a Jamaican politician , born in Springfield , St. Mary , Jamaica .
Jérôme Inzerillo ( born 15 February 1990 in Marseille ) is a junior tennis player from France .
Fluent Form has toured Australia , supporting international artists including Ghostface Killah , Ill Bill , Chino XL , Masta Ace and DJ Premier .
Jorge Speranza ( August 25 , 1958 , Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a former soccer player .
Johan Eliasch , born in Sweden in 1962 , is the Chairman and CEO of Head N.V. , the global sporting goods group , and is the former Special Representative of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Gualberto Villarroel López ( December 15 , 1908 -- July 21 , 1946 ) was the head of state of Bolivia from December 20 , 1943 to July 21 , 1946 .
Ali Al Saadi ( born 20 April 1986 in Lebanon ) is a Lebanese football player who currently is a Safa Sporting Club in the Lebanese Premier League and the Lebanon national football team .
Joe Ah Chan ( Chan Hock Joe ) ( 1882 - -14 December 1959 ) was a New Zealand greengrocer , horticulturist and wine - maker .
Michael Yonting ( born January 5 , 1970 in Pangasinan , Philippines ) , more popularly known as Mitoy Yonting , is a Filipino singer , comedian , and lead vocalist for his band , The Draybers .
Annie Collins is a film editor from New Zealand , best known for her work on The Return of the King .
Tom Cosm is an electronic musician and educator based in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Elin Grindemyr ( born February 7 , 1983 , Norrköping ) is a model from Sweden .
Cecilia Echenique is a singer of Chile .
William Robert Murray ( 25 April 1896 - -31 March 1990 ) was a notable New Zealand labourer , policeman and unionist .
Reinis Nitišs ( born 16 December 1995 ) is a rallycross driver from Jēkabpils , Latvia .
Janneke Jonkman ( born Leiderdorp , Netherlands 20 January 1978 ) is a Dutch writer .
Isabelle de Charrière ( 20 October 1740 -- 27 December 1805 ) , known as Belle van Zuylen in the Netherlands , née Isabella Agneta Elisabeth van Tuyll van Serooskerken , and ( Madame ) Isabelle de Charrière elsewhere , was a Dutch writer of the Enlightenment who lived the latter half of her life in Switzerland .
Lazarus Tembo was one of Zambia 's most popular singers .
Khaled al - Johani ( also al - Jehani , Arabic : خالد الجهني , born 1969/1970 ( age 45 - -46 ) ) is a teacher of religious instruction in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
Morganics started performing in Sydney in 1984 and was a member of Metabass'n'Breath who toured in Australia and America .
Goran Petrović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горан Петровић , pronounced ( ɡǒran pětroʋitɕ ) ) ( born in 1961 in Kraljevo , Serbia ) is one of the most significant and most widely read among contemporary Serbian writers .
George Wilberforce Kakoma ( 27 July 1923 -- 8 April 2012 ) was a graduate of Trinity College of Music and Durham University who composed `` Oh Uganda , Land of Beauty '' , Uganda 's national anthem .
John Henry Howell ( 31 October 1869 -- 20 June 1944 ) was a New Zealand technical college principal and Quaker .
Raymond Steele Hall ( born 30 November 1928 ) was the 36th Premier of South Australia 1968 - 70 , a senator for South Australia 1974 - 77 , and federal member for the Division of Boothby 1981 - 96 .
Dylan Andrews ( born 15 November 1979 ) is a mixed martial artist from New Zealand who formerly competed as a Middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Ismael Laguna Meneses ( born June 28 , 1943 , in Colón , Panama ) is a former professional boxer . He is one of 8 children .
David Verdú López ( born 25 September 1988 in Silla , Valencia , Spain ) is a Spanish footballer who last played for AEL in the Greek Football League as a Centre Forward .
Aurélie Resch is an author , travel writer and filmmaker from Toronto , Canada .
Luis Carlos Ugalde Ramírez ( born 1966 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican scholar who served as president of the Federal Electoral Institute from 2003 to 2007 .
Chun Chil - sung ( Hangul : 전칠성 , Hanja : 全七星 ; born July 7 , 1961 in Sinan , Jeollanam - do , South Korea ) is a retired South Korean boxer .
George Darling , Baron Darling of Hillsborough , PC ( 20 July 1905 - -18 October 1985 ) was a politician in the United Kingdom .
Following his abitur ( 1972 ) at the Geschwister - Scholl Gymnasium in Daun , Germany and military service , Rudi Balling studied Food Science from 1974 to 1980 at the University of Bonn , Germany and at the Washington State University in Pullman , USA .
Reza Nasseri Aghchay ( Persian : رضا ناصری آقچای‎ , born 16 September 1975 in , Iran ) is an Iranian futsal player .
Keith Edward Bullen FRS ( 29 June 1906 -- 23 September 1976 ) was a New Zealand - born mathematician and geophysicist .
Mandy - Rae Cruickshank ( born May 10 , 1974 , in Canada ) is a world champion free - diver and record - holder from Vancouver , British Columbia .
Edward Elworthy ( 1836 - -22 January 1899 ) was a New Zealand farmer and businessman .
Holly Cole ( born November 25 , 1963 ) is a Canadian jazz singer , particularly popular in Canada and Japan for both her versatile and distinctive voice , along with her adventurous repertoire , which spans such divergent genres as show tunes , rock , and country music .
Born in Morzewiec , a small village in north - central Poland , 14 km from the country 's 8th largest city , Bydgoszcz , Zygmunt Szkopiak was 12 at the time of the September 1939 German invasion of Poland .
Antoine Konrad ( born 23 June 1975 in Sissach , Basel - Landschaft ) , better known as DJ Antoine , is a well - known Swiss house and electro DJ and producer , from Basel , Switzerland .
The origins of the Lavazza firm go back to 1895 , when Luigi Lavazza purchased a little grocery store , Paissa Olivero , in the old commercial section of Turin ( Northern Italy ) .
Belinda Wollaston ( born 1983 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian musical theatre actor .
Yerdos Zhanabergenov ( Kazakh : Ердос Жаңабергенов ) is an amateur boxer from Kazakhstan , best known for winning the light heavyweight title at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships .
Ro Tu - chol ( born 1953 ) is vice - premier of North Korea 's cabinet .
Mojca Suhadolc ( born January 7 , 1975 in Vrhnika , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Slovenian alpine skier .
José María Orellana Pinto ( July 11 , 1872 - September 26 , 1926 ) was a political and military leader in Guatemala .
Willi Frommelt ( born 18 November 1952 ) is a former Alpine skier from Liechtenstein who won a bronze medal in the slalom at the 1976 Olympics .
Arturo Chávez Chávez ( born 4 September 1960 ) is a Mexican prosecutor who served as Attorney General of Mexico in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón from 24 September 2009 until 31 March 2011 .
Kostas Tournas ( Greek : Κώστας Τουρνάς ) ( born 23 September 1949 , Tripoli , Greece ) is one of the pioneers of modern Greek rock .
Eitan Tibi ( or Eytan Tibi , Hebrew : איתן טיבי‎ ; born 16 November 1987 in Jerusalem ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Central Defender for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Tel Aviv and the Israel national team .
André Pochan ( born in 1891 in Fourmies in the north of France - ? ) was a French physicist and mathematician and Egyptology enthusiast .
Kyla Cole was born in Prešov , Czechoslovakia ( present Slovakia ) , and was her parents ' first - born child .
Pál Lakatos ( born 7 June 1968 in Vásárosnamény ) is a retired boxer from Hungary , who represented his native country at two Summer Olympics : in 1992 ( Barcelona , Spain ) and 2000 ( Sydney , Australia ) .
Karl Ivanovich Weber ( also Carl von Waeber ; Russian : Карл Иванович Вебер , 17 June ( O.S. 5 June ) 1841 -- 8 January 1910 ) was a diplomat of the Russian Empire and a personal friend to King Gojong of Korea 's Joseon Dynasty .
Cláudio Manuel da Costa ( June 4 , 1729 -- July 4 , 1789 ) was a Brazilian poet and musician , considered to be the introducer of Neoclassicism in Brazil .
Nuno Gonçalves was a 15th - century Portuguese court painter for King Afonso V of Portugal .
Fatih Ahıskalı ( born 1976 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a member of the prominent Turkish band Yeni Türkü `` New Türkü '' .
Angelito Castro Anzures popularly known as Lito Anzures ( born 22 February 1927 in Santa Ines , Bulacan , Philippines - 1995 ) was a Filipino actor .
David Henry Jr. is a merchant banker and industrialist heir of the Henry Family of New Zealand .
Ibirapuera Park ( Portuguese : Parque Ibirapuera ) is a major urban park in São Paulo , Brazil .
His paintings were not publicized too widely outside Bohemia , but many of them are still available , and Mikoláš Aleš is regarded as one of the Czech Republic 's greatest artists .
Ahmed Noori , aka Abu Raihan Ahmed Noori , was a prominent writer and journalist who belonged to the Beary community of Mangalore in Dakshina Kannada in South India .
Per the tradition of masked wrestlers in Mexico , Super 's real name and identity has not yet been revealed Super Muñeco is the son of deceased professional wrestler El Sanguinario ( the Bloodthirsty ) and initially worked as `` Sanguinario , Jr. '' before changing his ring persona to Super Muñeco .
Mehr Chand Mahajan ( born December 23 , 1889 , Tika Nagrota , Kangra district--1967 ) was the third Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of India .
Julio César Ceja Pedraza ( born November 18 , 1992 in Tlalnepantla , State of Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer who is currently the WBC Super Bantamweight champion .
Olajide Aluko was a Nigerian scholar who mostly favored Hans Morgenthau 's view of realistic foreign policy in his studies of Nigeria and Africa 's foreign policy .
Gedeon Burkhard was born in Munich , Germany , the son of German actress Elisabeth von Molo ( then Burkhard ) and Wolfgang Burkhard , a great - grandson of Aleksandër Moisiu , a famous Italo - Austro - Albanian actor of the 20th century .
Cesare Maria Tapparone - Canefri ( 1838- 6 August 1891 , Quattordio , Italy ) was an Italian malacologist .
Jean - Baptiste Vietty found a place among the scholars and artists of the Institut de France 's Morea Expedition in 1829 .
Henry Buckley , Jr. aka Sadiki previously known as Pancho Kryztal ( born 17 November 1971 , Kingston , Jamaica ) , is a Jamaican - American singer , songwriter and producer .
José Maria Vasconcelos , popularly known by his nom de guerre Taur Matan Ruak ( Tetum for `` Two Sharp Eyes '' ) ( born 10 October 1956 ) is an East Timorese politician who has been President of East Timor since 20 May 2012 .
Colonel Mohamed Bacar ( born May 5 , 1962 in Barakani , Anjouan , then a French colony ) was President of Anjouan , one of the three autonomous islands that make up the Union of the Comoros , from 2001 to 2008 .
Maxine Seear ( born 18 December 1984 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is an athlete from Australia , who competes in triathlons .
Mauro Montalbetti ( born 11 October 1969 in Brescia , Italy ) is an Italian composer .
John Bentham Neales ( 13 June 1806 -- 31 July 1873 ) , frequently referred to as `` J. Bentham Neales '' or `` Bentham Neales '' , was a businessman and politician in the early days of South Australia , by some regarded as the `` Father of Mining in South Australia '' .
Emmanuel Tjeknavorian ( born April 22 , 1995 in Vienna , Austria ) is an Austrian violinist of Armenian origin .
Witold Hatka ( June 25 , 1939 -- November 13 , 2010 ) was a Polish politician who was a Member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland twice ( 2001 - -05 , 2005 - -07 ) .
Alison Bruce ( born 1962 ) is a New Zealand television and movie actress , who starred in 1999 feature Magik and Rose .
Akinlabi Olasunkanmi ( born March 1956 ) , is a businessman , appointed as Minister responsible for Youth Development in the cabinet of President Umaru Yar'Adua of Nigeria .
Herschel Hardin ( born 1936 ) is a British Columbia - based writer , playwright , commentator and political activist and consultant best known for having contested the leadership of the New Democratic Party of Canada in 1995 .
Aline Barros Kistenmacker dos Santos ( Rio de Janeiro , October 7 , 1976 ) , better known as Aline Barros is a gospel music singer , songwriter , presenter and manager in Brazil , winning 11 Trofeu Talento , six Latin Grammy , a Dove Awards and a Brazilian International Press Award .
Anubhav Anand wrote the script of Perfect Mismatch and came down to India to set up his own production company Xperience Film , LLC . He trained under Roshan Taneja in Mumbai and will be seen as the lead in the movie Perfect Mismatch ( 2009 ) , which also stars Anupam Kher and Boman Irani .
Best recording of a concert or stage performance ( opera , operetta , ballet , dance , musical ) , Magdalena Kožená and Thierry Gregoire , Česká televize , Brno Television Studio , Czech Republic 2003 title of Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Government 2004 Gramophone Awards Artist of the Year
Chris Else ( born 1942 ) is the New Zealand author of novels , collections of short stories , and poems .
Malik Ghulam Yasin Chhina ( 1941 - -2008 ) was an Pakistan Muslim Lawyer and Social Worker .
Kenneth Bron ( born 1 November 1961 ) , also known as Kenny B , is a Surinamese reggae singer who lives in the Netherlands .
Mohan Rawale ( born 9 December 1948 ) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Carla Rahal is mostly known for her roles in the `` National Theater of Bulgaria '' .
Ross Skiffington is a New Zealand - born Australian magician , actor , and theatre director , who has received two lifetime achievement awards for his contributions to magic .
Raja Awadhesh Singh ( died 1933 ) was ruler of Kalakankar princely state of Oudh of British India , succeeded by Raja Ramesh Singh .
Stoian Stelian ( born 1 February 1965 ) is a Romanian diplomat and is currently the Permanent Representative of Romania to NATO .
Maurice Paquin , ( born in June 1947 in Dauphin , Manitoba , Canada ) , is a Franco - Manitoban comedian and singer .
Carlos Durán Cartín , an accomplished doctor of medicine who had trained in London , was acting President of Costa Rica for a period of six months from 1889 to 1890 , during the administration of President Bernardo Soto , who never resigned but did n't come back to office until the end of his term .
Anna Leopoldovna ( Russian : А́нна Леопо́льдовна ; 18 December 1718 -- 19 March 1746 ) , born as Elisabeth Katharina Christine von Mecklenburg - Schwerin and also known as Anna Carlovna ( А́нна Ка́рловна ) , was regent of Russia for a few months in 1740 and 1741 during the minority of her infant son Emperor Ivan VI .
Spiros Antoniou ( Greek : Σπύρος Αντωνίου ; born October 24 , 1973 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek heavy metal singer , bassist , and visual artist best known for his work with Greek symphonic death metal band Septicflesh .
Gauthier de Tessières ( born 9 November 1981 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from France , and has competed in two Winter Olympics and five World Championships .
Peter of Eboli also wrote a didactic poem , De Balneis Puteolanis ( `` The Baths of Pozzuoli '' ) that is the first widely distributed guidebook to thermal baths , a weapon in the local economic rivalries that arose over healing , medicinal bathing and the medieval tourist industry in southern Italy during the High Middle Ages .
Jennifer Jessica Martínez Fernández better known as India Martínez ( born in Córdoba , Andalusia , Spain , on 13 October 1985 ) is a Spanish singer .
Chandima Weerakkody MP ( 23 May 1968 ) is Sri Lanka 's Cabinet Minister of Petroleum & Petroleum Gas in 15th Parliament of Sri Lanka and Member of Parliament representing the Galle District .
Anand Ramlogan SC ( born 1972 ) was Attorney - General of Trinidad and Tobago .
Wing Commander Muktar Muhammed was the military governor of Kaduna State , Nigeria from July 1978 to October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo .
Martin Viiask ( born April 27 , 1983 in Tartu , Estonia ) is an Estonian professional basketballer .
Sugathakumari ( born 22 January 1934 ) is an Indian poet and activist , who has been at the forefront of environmental and feminist movements in Kerala , South India .
Arome Bigabwa ( born 30 March 1952 ) is a Congolese politician and Member of the National Assembly of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Katip Şadi ( born 1932 , Derekuşçulu , Görele , Giresun Province , Turkey ) is a kemençe player from the Eastern Black Sea Region in Turkey .
General Yaşar Büyükanıt was born in Istanbul , Turkey on 1 September 1940 .
Odoardo Di Santo ( born June 25 , 1934 ) is a politician and administrator in Ontario , Canada .
Konrad Öttinger ( born Pforzheim , Germany ; date and place of death unknown ) was a Reformation era German Lutheran pastor , since 1530 domestic chaplain of Philip I , Landgrave of Hesse .
Tasso Marchini ( 22 June 1907 , Belgrade -- 19 October 1936 , Arco di Trento ) was a Modernist painter of mixed parentage , who spent most of his short life in Romania .
David Kidwell ( born 23 April 1977 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby league coach and former player .
A. Vellayan ( born 9 January 1953 , Chennai ) is a member of the Murugappa family and the Executive Chairman of the Murugappa Group based in Chennai , India .
Marzena Komsta was born in Gdynia , Poland , and studied composition at the S. Moniuszko Academy of Music in Gdańsk and at the F. Chopin Academy of Music in Warsaw under W. Kotonski and Z. Baginski .
Muhammad ibn Ibrahim Al ash - Sheikh ( 1893 - -1969 ) was the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia , or highest religious authority in the country , from 1953 to his death in 1969 .
Paul Chua ( born Singapore September 2 , 1941 ) is an internationally renowned bodybuilding official .
Mohammad Yamin ( 1903 -- October 17 , 1962 ) was born in Talawi , Sawahlunto , in the heartland of the Minangkabau on the island of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Teihorangi Walden ( born 25 May 1993 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a second five - eighth for Otago in the ITM Cup .
Randal Mathews Burdon ( 4 August 1896 -- 29 November 1965 ) was a New Zealand soldier , sheepfarmer and historian .
Dursun Sevinç ( born March 16 , 1972 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish weightlifter competing in the --85 kg division .
Raúl Régulo Quirino Garza ( 1982 -- 6 January 2012 ) , a Mexican journalist for the La Última Palabra ( Translated : `` The Last Word '' ) and an employee of the Social Development Ministry in Nuevo Leon , Mexico , was murdered in Cadereyta Jiménez .
Robert Wolfgang Schnell was born in Barmen , Germany , into a middle - class family ; his father was a bank clerk .
Willy Rey ( born Wilhelmina Rietveld on 25 August 1949 in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , died 13 August 1973 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) was a Dutch - Canadian model .
Gustavo Bergalli moved abroad to Stockholm in 1975 , Sweden , where he became one of the most considered and reputed musicians on trumpet in Scandinavia .
Simone Osygus ( born 30 September 1968 in Wuppertal , Nordrhein - Westfalen ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany , who won two silver medals and two bronze medals at the Summer Olympics .
Boel Flodgren ( née Ohlsson ) , born 17 November 1942 in Örebro , Sweden , is a Swedish professor of business law .
Arno Paduch ( * Hattersheim , Germany ) is a German cornetto player .
Heidi Urbahn de Jauregui ( born 1940 in Remscheid ) is an emeritus Professor of German Literature at the Jean Monnet University , France , and essayist .
Michael Fietz ( born November 13 , 1967 in Bochum , Germany ) is a long - distance runner .
Cloé Madanes studied psychology in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Jens Hermansson Juel or Jens Juel ( born January 8 , 1580 at Refstrup , died March 26 , 1634 at Bøvling ) was a Danish nobleman who served as Governor - general of Norway from 1618 to 1629 .
Omar Blondahl , ( 6 February 1923 -- 11 December 1993 ) , also known as `` Sagebrush Sam '' , was a musician who became fascinated with the largely unrecorded folk songs of Newfoundland , Canada , and became famous for popularizing them .
Arno Mohr was born in Posen which at that time was in Germany .
Mykola Musiyenko ( born 16 December 1959 ) is a retired triple jumper who represented the USSR and later Ukraine .
Arletty was imprisoned in 1945 for her wartime liaison with a German Luftwaffe officer , Hans - Jürgen Soehring , during the occupation of France .
Gonzalo Díaz was born in Mendoza , Argentina , where he began his professional career with local club Godoy Cruz in 2008 at the age of 18 .
Alexander Gurning ( born 1973 , Belgium ) is a Belgian pianist , composer and improviser .
Lars Thylander buys , sells , and manages property in Denmark and Germany through the Thylander Group .
Tan Chui Mui ( Chinese : 陈翠梅 ; pinyin : Chén Cuìméi ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tân Chhùi - mûi , born 1978 ) is a Malaysian filmmaker based in Malaysia .
Kamaliya is also involved in charity projects in Ukraine and Pakistan .
Francisco Ferrera ( 29 January 1794 -- 10 April 1851 ) was a president of Honduras .
Mohammad Shajari ( Persian : محمد شجری‎‎ , born 30 August 1991 in Saveh , Iran ) is an Iranian futsal player .
Tatum Keshwar ( born 14 December 1983 ) is a South African fashion model who was crowned Miss South Africa 2008 .
Born Johann Andreas Dippel in Kassel , Germany , he initially trained for a banking career there , but also studied singing .
Kim Herold ( born 1979 ) is a Finland - Swedish model and singer - songwriter .
Álvaro Gil Cabral ( 1335 - 1433 ) was a Portuguese nobleman , Lord of Belmonte , and Azurara , Alcaide of Guarda , Portugal between 1383 - 1399 .
Yakub Khan Mehboob Khan , known as Yakub , was an Indian Hindi film actor born into a Pathan family in 1904 in Jabalpur , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Auguste Manga Ndumbe Bell ( 1851 -- September 2 , 1908 ) was a leader of the Duala people of southern Cameroon from 1897 to 1908 during the period after the German colonialists assumed control of the region as the Kamerun colony .
In 2011 , his company FR - EE Fernando Romero Enterprise received international recognition for the construction of the Soumaya Museum in Mexico City .
Annie Rupani ( Sindhi : عيني روپاڻِي‎ ) , was crowned Miss Pakistan World 2010 on 20 August 2010 .
William Rose Bock ( 5 January 1847 -- 3 August 1932 ) was a New Zealand engraver , medal designer , illuminator , stamp designer , lithographer and publisher .
John Richard Eden ( October 14 , 1859 -- after 1917 ) was a financial agent and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Joëlle Ceccaldi - Raynaud ( born February 9 , 1951 ) is a member of the National Assembly of France ( parliament ) .
Mario Lanfranchi ( born Parma , Italy , June 30 , 1927 ) is an Italian film , theatre and television director , screenwriter , producer , collector and actor .
Theodor Koch ( 13 May 1905 -- 21 October 1976 ) was a German engineer and weapons manufacturer , born in Stuttgart - Zuffenhausen , Germany .
Maria Fernandes ( born 27 April 1969 ) is a Paralympic athlete from Portugal .
Dipak C. Jain is the Director ( Dean ) of Sasin Graduate Institute of Business Administration of Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok , Thailand .
Ronald Sinclair ( 21 January 1924 -- 22 November 1992 ) , born Richard Arthur Hould and sometimes credited as Ra Hould or Ron Sinclair , was a child actor from New Zealand , turned film editor .
Mwami Mutaga III Senyamwiza Mutamo was the king of Burundi from 1739 to 1767 .
Lothar Schmid played for West Germany at eleven Chess Olympiads .
Mariano Abarca Roblero ( 1958 - -2009 ) was a community activist known and admired for leading opposition against mining by the Company Blackfire Exploration in his community of Chicomuselo in the state of Chiapas in Southern Mexico .
Aluf ( res . ) Yossi Ben Hanan ( Hebrew : יוסי בן - חנן‎ ) was born in Jerusalem , Israel , in 1945 .
Jitka Bartoničková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪtka ˈbartoɲɪtʃkovaː ) ; born on the 22 December 1985 ) is a sprinter from Czech Republic .
Heinz Steinberger ( born February 14 , 1958 ) is a former ice speed skater from Austria , who represented his native country in two Winter Olympics ( 1976 in Innsbruck and 1984 in Sarajevo ) .
Noel Rowe ( 20 June 1951 - 11 July 2007 ) was a poet who lived in Sydney , Australia , and was Senior Lecturer in Australian Literature at the University of Sydney where he was also awarded the University Medal ( 1984 ) and doctorate ( 1989 ) .
Harry Tañamor ( born August 20 , 1977 ) is an amateur boxer from Zamboanga City , Philippines best known to medal repeatedly on the world stage at light flyweight .
Recep Altepe , ( born 1959 , Bursa , Turkey ) is a Turkish politician and the current mayor of Bursa .
Ronney Abramson was born in Paris , but in her early childhood moved to Canada and grew up in Montreal .
Laurent Menager ( 1835 - -1902 ) was a Luxembourg composer , choirmaster , organist and conductor who is often referred to as Luxembourg 's national composer .
B. Sasikumar is a noted Carnatic music violinist , musician , teacher , composer and writer from Kerala , South India .
Henry O ( simplified Chinese : 区亨利 ; traditional Chinese : 區亨利 ; pinyin : Ōu Hēnglì ) is an actor from China .
Inés Remersaro ( born December 2 , 1992 ) is an Olympic backstroke swimmer from Uruguay .
Evgenios Spatharis ( Greek : Ευγένιος Σπαθάρης ; January 2 , 1924 -- May 9 , 2009 ) was the most prominent shadow theatre artist in Greece .
Giulio `` Julyo '' D'Agostino ( born in Genoa , Italy on December 14 , 1978 ) is an Italian guitarist , songwriter , producer , VJ and DJ of Italian origin who has several International Awards for his film scoring work .
Fuad Guliyev Khalil oglu ( Azerbaijani : Fuad Quliyev Xəlil oğlu ) , ( born 6 July 1941 ) , was the 7th Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
James Basil Wilkie Roberton ( 1896 - -1996 ) was a New Zealand soldier , doctor , historian and writer .
Einars Repše ( born 9 December 1961 in Jelgava , Latvia ) is a Latvian politician , chairman of the Association for Latvian Development .
Edgar Wrigley was a New Zealand rugby footballer who represented his country in both rugby union and rugby league .
Alhaji Yusuf Sulaiman ( or Suleiman ) ( born 30 January 1963 ) is a member of the traditional ruling family of the Sokoto Caliphate who was a civil servant before entering politics in Nigeria .
On a grant from the India Foundation for the Arts , IFA , Kamal Swaroop began tracing the life of Dadasaheb Phalke through workshops all over the country .
Mortiis is a band from Notodden , Norway fronted by Håvard Ellefsen , who is also known as the namesake of the band .
Janusz Żurakowski ( 12 September 1914 -- 9 February 2004 ) was a Polish fighter and test pilot , who , at various times , lived and worked in Poland , the United Kingdom , and Canada .
Sandra Vinces ( born May 24th , 1990 ) in Portoviejo , Ecuador .
Dino Piero Giarda ( born 9 December 1936 ) is Italy 's Minister without portfolio for Relations with Parliament and Platform Accomplishment in the Monti Cabinet .
Dabboo Ratnani is a leading Indian fashion photographer , known for his annual calendar which has become a highly notable showbiz event in India since its first publication in 1999 .
Daniel Ballart Sans ( born March 17 , 1973 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a water polo player from Spain .
Benjamín González ( 12 April 1958 -- 6 June 2011 ) was an athlete from Spain .
François - Marie Le Marchand de Lignery ( 24 August 1703 -- 29 July 1759 ) was a colonial military leader in the French province of Canada .
Matvei Vaisberg is the only son of Semion Vaisberg , a chess trainer , and Shelly Harzman , an art historian ; a grandson of the poet Matvey Harzman ( Motl Harzman ) on his mother 's side and Berta J. Vaisberg , a seven - time Ukraine Champion in chess , on his father 's .
Eero Peltonen ( born 22 December 1986 in Nurmijärvi , Finland ) is a football striker .
His eponymous Grupo Juan Bautista Soler creates large apartment buildings and residential developments in Southern Spain .
Pedro Joaquín Chamorro Cardenal ( 23 September 1924 Granada , Nicaragua -- 10 January 1978 Managua ) was a Nicaraguan journalist and publisher .
Malek Shakuhi ( born 5 April 1960 ) is a Syrian football Goalkeeper who played for Syria at the 1984 Asian Cup and 1988 Asian Cup finals .
C. Rangarajan or Chakravarthi Rangarajan ( born 1932 ) is an Indian economist and a distinguished former Member of Parliament and Ex - Governor of the Reserve Bank of India .
Masood Ali Khan also known as M.A Khan ( born 15 March 1947 in Hyderabad , India ) ( MA , Ph . D ) is a scholar , histprian and a writer on Islamic history Culture and religion .
David Eby ( born July 21 , 1977 in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada ) is a lawyer and Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia .
Jérôme Gnako ( born February 17 , 1968 in Bordeaux ) is a French former football player , who played for several French clubs and twice for France national team .
E - Life ( real name Elvis de Oliveira ) is a rapper from Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Saifuddin Azizi (; March 12 , 1915 -- November 24 , 2003 ) , also known as Seypidin Azizi , Saif al - Dīn ʿAzīz , Saifuding Aizezi , and Saifuding , was the first chairman of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
On 11 March 2013 , Ahmet Akça has been appointed to the Board of Directors of Turkcell by a decision of the Capital Markets Board of Turkey .
Eivind Opsvik ( born 1973 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( upright bass ) and composer , the son of the Norwegian interior and furniture designer Peter Opsvik .
Aruna Lama received numerous awards both in Nepal and India for her singing and contribution to Nepali music .
Carl Timoleon von Neff , also Timofey Andreyevich Neff ( Russian : Тимофей Андреевич Нефф , 14 October ( O.S. 2 October ) 1804 -- 5 January ( O.S. 24 December 1876 ) 1877 ) was an artist of Baltic German descent , from present - day Estonia .
Pedro Carrión Sago ( born August 24 , 1971 in Cuba ) is a Cuban heavyweight boxer best known to win several medals in international amateur competition at super heavyweight .
Jean - Pierre Boris is a journalist at Radio France Internationale ( RFI ) since 1982 .
Nikola Stojić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Стојић , born December 15 , 1974 in Belgrade , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a rower from Serbia , who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 2000 .
Niel Hans ( born 24 April 1988 ) is an international footballer for Papua New Guinea .
Sir Joseph - Mathias Tellier ( January 15 , 1861 -- October 18 , 1952 ) was born in Sainte - Mélanie , Quebec , Canada .
Uwem Akpan was born in Ikot Akpan Eda in southern Nigeria ; his parents were teachers .
Alpha Boy is the alias of Norman Ritter from Berlin , Germany , a musician known for German electronic music .
Jane Burton ( born 1966 ) is an Australian photographer who lives and works in Melbourne , Australia .
United Kingdom Lord Edward William Pelham - Clinton GCVO KCB ( 11 August 1836 -- 9 July 1907 ) , known as Lord Edward Clinton , was a British Liberal Party politician .
Jacques Ellul was born in Bordeaux , France on 6 January 1912 to Marthe Mendes ( Protestant ; French - Portuguese ) and Joseph Ellul ( initially an Orthodox Christian , but then a Voltarian deist by conviction ; born in Malta of an Italo - Maltese father and Serb mother ) .
Vladimirs Kamešs ( born 28 October 1988 ) is a Latvian football midfielder , currently playing for Pogoń Szczecin and Latvia national football team .
Eugene M. Kulischer ( 1881 - -1956 ) was a Russian American sociologist , an authority on demography , migration , and manpower , and an expert on Russia .
Tirtayasa ( 1631 - -1695 ) , complete stylized name Sultan Ageng Tirtayasa , also known as Ageng and Abulfatah Agung , was the sultan of Banten ( on Java in modern Indonesia ) during the kingdom 's golden age .
Sanne Nijhof ( born 20 October 1987 in Den Ham , The Netherlands ) is a Dutch model .
Sir Augustus Meredith Nanton ( 7 May 1860 -- 24 April 1925 ) was one of the principal investors and developers of Western Canada , particularly at Winnipeg , Vancouver and Calgary .
Tommy Eliasson ( born February 28 , 1980 in Boden , Sweden ) is a Swedish freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross .
Mary John , Sr . CM ( June 15 , 1913 -- September 30 , 2004 ) was a leader of the Carrier people of the central interior of British Columbia in Canada .
Jay Cayuca is a professional violinist in the Philippines .
Veda Beaux Reves , also known as Enda McGrattan , but better known simply as Veda , is a drag queen and singer from Dublin , Ireland .
Tina Reynolds or simply Tina as she was known professionally , represented Ireland in the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest .
Nadia Plesner is a Danish / Dutch painter who works and lives in the Netherlands .
Luiz Roberto de Barros Mott or Luiz Mott ( 6 May 1946 in São Paulo , Brazil ) , is a researcher and an anthropologist , a historian and one of the most notable gay civil rights activists in Brazil .
Romeo Nicolas Sarmenta Tejedor ( born April 28 , 1972 in Quezon City , Philippines ) , better known by his screen name Romnick Sarmenta , is a Filipino actor .
Alfred Themba Qabula ( 1942 - -2002 ) was a poet , writer and trade unionist in Durban , South Africa in the 1980s .
Yaşar Topçu ( born January 10 , 1941 in Boyabat , Sinop Province , Turkey ) , is a Turkish politician and former government minister .
One line of research provides that Dirck Storm was born in Utrecht , The Netherlands , in 1630 .
Maurice Dahuku Péré ( born 1953 ) is a Togolese politician who was President of the National Assembly of Togo from 1994 to 1999 .
Paul Ego ( birth name Paul Jones ) is a Billy T Award winning New Zealand comedian .
Luís de Almeida Portugal Soares de Alarcão d'Eça e Melo Silva Mascarenhas , 2nd Marquess of Lavradio ( 27 June 1729 in Lisbon - 2 May 1790 ) was the 11th Viceroy of the Portuguese colony of Brazil , the second one that ruled the colony after the seat of government moved to Rio de Janeiro .
Antoni Cieszyński ( 31 May 1882 in Oels ( Oleśnica ) , Silesia , Germany -- 4 July 1941 in Lwów , Poland ) was a Polish physician , dentist and surgeon .
Kuutti Lavonen ( born 7 February 1960 in Kotka , Finland ) is a Finnish painter , photographer , and graphic artist , who has worked as professor at the Academy of Fine Arts ( Finland ) .
Bangalore Venkata Raman ( 8 August 1912 -- 20 December 1998 ) was one of the most important astrologers in modern India and an author of numerous books and articles .
Anke Van dermeersch ( born 27 October 1972 ) is a Belgian politician , former model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 1992 and represented Belgium at Miss Universe 1992 and placed top 6 .
Sam Steele received his education at the family home , Purbrook , and then at the Royal Military College of Canada .
Mahirwan Mamtani ( born 2 November 1935 in Bhiria ( Nawabshah ) Sindh , India ) is painter , graphic and multimedia artist .
Thorleif Schjelderup ( January 20 , 1920 - May 28 , 2006 ) was a Norwegian author and in the 1940s and 1950s one of Norway 's best ski jumpers .
Asaad Abu Gilel al - Taie is the former SCIRI governor of Najaf province , in Iraq .
Gergis Teklemichael ( alt . Giorgis ) is the Minister of Trade and Industry of Eritrea .
Adauto Domingues ( born 20 May 1961 in São Caetano do Sul ) is a retired middle - distance runner from Brazil , who twice won the gold medal in the men 's 3000 metres steeplechase at the Pan American Games : in 1987 and 1991 .
Tum Saray ( born 10 July 1992 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Svay Rieng in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team .
Teresa Carpio ( born 30 September 1956 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong English pop and Cantopop singer , actress , and singing teacher .
Lieutenant General Montague James Mathew ( 18 August 1773 -- 19 March 1819 ) was an Anglo - Irish soldier and politician , a member of the Irish House of Commons for Ballynakill until 1800 and of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom for County Tipperary from 1806 until his death in 1819 .
Sandro ( born October 1 , 1983 in Brazil ) , full name Sandro da Silva Mendonça , is a Brazilian football midfield player who currently plays for Kedah FA .
Kevin Buzzacott ( Born 1947 ) , often referred to as Uncle Kev as an Aboriginal elder , is an Indigenous Australian from the Arabunna nation in northern South Australia .
Lý Thần Tông ( 1116 - -1138 ) , given name Lý Dương Hoán , was the fifth emperor of the Lý Dynasty , reigning over Vietnam from 1127 to his death in 1138 .
Sofía Lama ( Spanish pronunciation : ( soˈfi.a ( e)sˈtamaˈtjaðes ) ; born Sofía Lama Stamatiades on June 9 , 1987 in Puebla , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress of Greek descent .
William Sandover ( ca.1822 -- 5 March 1909 ) was a hotelier and politician in South Australia and father of Alfred Sandover MBE .
Kelly Frances McKenna , stage name `` Kelly Frances '' is a Canadian media personality living in Seoul , South Korea .
Maha Sinnathamby is a Hindu of Sri Lankan Tamil descent , born in Malaysia in 1939 , where he lived on a rubber estate in the small farming village of Rantau , Negeri Sembilan , without power or water , and where he was educated at a Catholic school .
Andrei Andreyevich Eshpai ( Russian : Андрей Андреевич Эшпай , born 18 April 1956 , Moscow , Russia ) is a ( Russian and Soviet ) film director , screenwriter and producer of Mari descent .
Kristoffer Joner ( born 19 September 1972 ) is a Norwegian actor born in Stavanger , Norway and is most famous for his roles in Villmark and The Man Who Loved Yngve .
Tunji Sowande was a Nigeria - born United Kingdom lawyer and musician .
Amrit Gurung ( Nepali : अमृत गुरुङ ) is a singer , composer , musician , songwriter and manager of Nepathya of Nepal .
Dr. Habib Levy is the author of the Comprehensive History of the Jews of Iran :
Datuk Noor Ehsanuddin Mohd Harun Narrashid is the Communication Director for Felda under the Prime Minister of Malaysia .
Aleksandr Silayev ( 2 April 1928 -- 31 December 2005 ) was a Russian sprint canoer who competed for the Soviet Union in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Patricio Bedrossian ( born in Mar de Ajo ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina , Chile , Bolivia and Guatemala .
Josh Brookes ( born Joshua Brookes , 28 April 1983 in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is a professional motorcycle road racer .
Gianfranco Chiarini ( born January 8 , 1966 ) is an Italian celebrity and Michelin starred chef from Ferrara , Italy .
Hunz is an electronic pop music group from Brisbane , Australia .
Katherine Kirk ( born 26 February 1982 ) is a professional golfer from Australia , currently playing on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour and the ALPG Tour .
Aliakbar Campwala ( born Mumbai ) is an Indian actor , film maker , and director , originally from India , who lives in the United Kingdom .
James Kwesi Appiah was Ghana 's assistant coach between 2007 and 2012 .
Lene Lai ( Chinese : 賴琳恩 ; pinyin : Lai Lin En ) is an actress , model and pageant winner in the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
Alfonso Bernal del Riesgo ( January 23 , 1902 -- January 4 , 1975 , Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban psychologist , known for his contribution to the origin and development of psychology as science and profession .
Norma Kassi ( born April 10 , 1954 ) is a native Gwich'in from Yukon Territory , Canada , and a former member of the Yukon Legislative Assembly and current chief of the Vuntut Gwitchin First Nation .
Marianella Castellanos ( born April 15 , 1984 in Acarigua , Portuguesa , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan softball player .
Dr. Wannarat Channukul has been decorated with the special class of both the Order of the White Elephant and the Order of the Crown of Thailand .
Kurt Kasznar was born Kurt Servischer on August 12 , 1913 , in Vienna , Austria - Hungary ( today : Austria ) .
VJ Andy is a television personality in India .
Paul Agostino ( born 9 June 1975 in Adelaide , Australia ) is a retired Australian footballer who played as a striker .
Farzan Athari ( Persian : فرزان اطهری‎‎ , born June 26 , 1984 ) is an International Model , Actor , TV host and TV personality from Sweden with Persian background .
As a poet ( Pour l'amour du ciel , CD Radio France , the Poétiques Collection ) , Alain Borer is joined by André Velter and Zéno Bianu in the Groupe Actéon .
Hugo Ruíz Martín del Campo ( born January 10 , 1977 in San Luis Potosí , San Luis Potosí , Mexico ) is a Mexican footballer who plays for Lobos de la BUAP in the Liga de Ascenso .
Shehryar Khan Afridi ( born 12 March 1971 ) is a Pakistani politician , parliamentarian and a prominent member of Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf .
Khurram Waqar is a lead guitarist and rock musician from Pakistan .
Isidro Pérez ( May 24 , 1964 in Guerrero , Mexico - January 9 , 2013 ) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division .
Soledad Rendón Bueno ( 9 July 1943 -- 18 August 1970 ) , better known by her stage names Soledad Miranda or Susann Korda ( or sometimes Susan Korday ) , was an actress who was born in Seville , Spain .
Marta Bartel played for Poland in three Women 's Chess Olympiads :
Mehdi Torabi ( Persian : مهدی ترابی‎‎ ) ; is an Iranian Football Winger who currently plays for Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League .
Samir Habashneh ( born 1951 ) is the Minister of State and Minister of Agriculture for Jordan .
Giampaolo Di Paola ( born 15 August 1944 ) is an Italian naval officer who served in the government of Italy as minister of defense from November 2011 to April 2013 .
Camila Bordonaba Roldán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈmila βorðoˈnaβa ) ; born September 4 , 1984 in El Palomar , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) ( nicknamed Cami or Cato ) is an Argentine actress , singer - songwriter , dancer , musician , Theatre director and former occasional model .
Leila Shenna ( Arabic : ليلى شنّا‎ ; born Morocco ) is a Moroccan former actress who featured on film mostly in the 1970s .
Hiromoto Okubo ( 大久保 博元 , born February 1 , 1967 in Higashiibaraki District , Ibaraki , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball catcher .
Kayne Hammington ( born 24 September 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a halfback for Manawatu in the ITM Cup .
Luis Miguel del Risco Torres ( born September 7 , 1989 in Barranquilla Colombia ) is a professional Italo - Colombian soccer player .
Fe Amorsolo was born as Amparo Casim Abuyen - Pilapil on 17 January 1927 in the barangay of Guadelupe Viejo in Makati , Philippines .
Trịnh Sâm ( 1739 - -1782 ) ruled northern Vietnam from 1767 to 1782 AD .
Paul Deasy ( born 27 September 1988 ) is an Irish footballer who played for Cork City in the League of Ireland .
Edo Murtić ( 1921 - -2005 ) was a painter from Croatia , best known for his lyrical abstraction and abstract expressionism style .
Emir Rodríguez Monegal ( 28 July 1921 -- 14 November 1985 ) , born in Uruguay , was a scholar , literary critic , and editor of Latin American literature .
David Ewen Gilmour ( 22 January 1963 -- 3 October 2014 ) , commonly known as Ewen Gilmour , was a New Zealand comedian and television presenter .
Dr. Abdel Hamid Badawi Pasha ( 13 March 1887 -- 4 August 1965 ) was born in Alexandria , Egypt .
Patricia Silvana Ramírez Ter Hart ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkoki raˈmiɾes ) ; born in Córdoba ( Argentina ) on February 6 , 1980 ) , best known as Coki Ramírez , is a singer , model and actress from Argentina .
Evan Malbone Johnson ( June 6 , 1791 to 1865 ) was a clergyman of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Phil du Plessis , Afrikaans poet , musician and medical doctor , was born as Johannes du Plessis at Fouriesburg , in the Free State , South Africa , on 22 March 1944 , and died in Cape Town on 28 November 2011 .
Annette Paul ( 1863 - -1952 ) was a New Zealand salvation army officer .
Richard Farrer ( born 9 April 1971 ) is a South African - American former professional soccer player who spent five seasons in the USISL , half a season each in South Africa and England and seven seasons with the Dallas Burn in Major League Soccer .
Cristián Alberto López Bello ( ca . 1985 -- 17 July 2013 ) was a crime journalist for the Mexican newspaper El Imparcial and the radio show `` Foro Político '' , in Oaxaca , Mexico .
Jérôme Soimaud ( born 1964 in Paris , France ) is a contemporary Miami - based painter known for his depictions of minority subjects in urban settings , and his dedication to portraying unheard voices and `` black culture '' .
Lope K. Santos ( born Lope Santos y Canseco ) ( September 25 , 1879 -- May 1 , 1963 ) was a Filipino Tagalog language writer and former senator of the Philippines .
Damián Szifron ( born 9 July 1975 ) is an Argentine film and television director and screenwriter , best known as the creator of the TV series Los Simuladores ( 2002 ) , and writer - director of Wild Tales ( 2014 ) , the most successful film in the history of Argentina .
Edgar Behr was a sailor from Germany , who represented his country in the Snowbird in Los Angeles , USA .
Artin Penik ( 1921 -- August 15 , 1982 ) was a Turkish - Armenian who committed suicide by self - immolation in protest of the Esenboga airport attack by the Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia ( ASALA , also known as Third October ) on August 10 , 1982 .
Ernst Lehrs ( born 30 July 1894 in Berlin ; died 31 December 1979 in Eckwälden , Germany ) was a German anthroposophist , Waldorf teacher , lecturer and writer .
Ankit Garg is a police superintendent in Chhattisgarh , India .
Veikko Aaltonen ( born 1 December 1955 in Sääksmäki , Finland ) is a Finnish director , editor , sound editor , production manager and film and television writer and actor .
Jack Roche is an Australian convicted on a charge of conspiring to commit an offence provided for by the Crimes ( Internationally Protected Persons ) Act 1976 to destroy an internationally protected building , the Israeli Embassy in Canberra , Australia .
Norman Lascelles Elder ( 6 April 1896 - -10 August 1974 ) was a New Zealand electrical engineer , teacher and botanist .
Giedo van der Garde ( born Giedo Gijsbertus Gerrit van der Garde , 25 April 1985 in Rhenen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch racing driver .
Nigel Worden ( born 27 March 1955 ) is Professor of History and head of the Historical Studies department at the University of Cape Town , South Africa .
Hubert Taczanowski , born October 1 , 1960 in Poland , son of Stanisław and Maria ( née Grabska ) Taczanowski and a member of the former magnate family Taczanowski from Poznań , is a US and UK - based motion picture cinematographer .
Joaquín Hernández García ( born February 1 , 1971 in Xaltocan , Tlaxcala ) is a retired professional footballer from Mexico .
Gianluigi Aponte was born in Sant'Agnello , Italy ( near Sorrento , Naples ) on 27 June 1940 .
Bujar Bukoshi ( Serbo - Croat : Bujar Bukoši ) ( born 13 May 1947 in Therandë , Kosovo ) was the Minister of Healthcare in Kosovo in the first government of Hashim Thaçi .
Sean Paul was born in Kingston , Jamaica to parents Garth and Frances , both of whom were talented athletes .
Uwe Schmidt ( born 27 August 1968 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) , also known as Atom ™ , Atom Heart , or Señor Coconut , is a German composer , musician and producer of electronic music .
Pavel Nersessian was born in Ramenskoye , a town outside Moscow , Russia Federation on August 26 , 1964 .
Pia Ranslet ( born 3 July 1956 , Allinge , Bornholm , Denmark ) is a Danish painter and sculptor .
Vallam Sundar is an Indian professor of Coastal Engineering at the Department of Ocean Engineering of Indian Institute of Technology Madras ( IIT Madras ) , Chennai , India .
Arthur Franke ( born Berlin 5 August 1909 : died Rüdersdorf 23 October 1992 ) was a leading political policeman in East Germany ; he became a military officer when the country 's army was established in 1956 .
Gabriela Rivero Abaroa ( born on September 15 , 1964 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , better known as Gaby Rivero , is an actress and singer .
John Cameron Brown ( born 1843 ) was a civil engineer and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Albert van Ouwater ( c. 1410/1415 -- 1475 ) was one of the earliest artists of Early Netherlandish painting working in the Northern Netherlands , as opposed to Flanders in the South of the region .
Aladár Pege ( 8 October 1939 - 23 September 2006 ) , was a jazz musician from Hungary .
Kevin Wimmer ( born 15 November 1992 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a centre back for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Austria national team .
Sidor Belarsky , born Isidor Livshitz ( February 12 , 1898 -- June 7 , 1975 ) , was a Ukrainian - American singer born to a Jewish family in Kryzhopol , Ukraine .
Nikola Šafarić was a member of every Croatia national football team categories ( U17 , U19 , U21 , senior team ) .
Irena Santor ( born 9 December 1934 , Papowo Biskupie , Poland ) is a retired Polish singer .
Jeremy Kushnier ( born September 30 , 1975 in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada ) is a stage actor and songwriter .
Michał Rola - Żymierski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmixaw ˈrɔla ʐɨˈmjɛrskʲi ) ; 1890 - -1989 ) was a Polish high - ranking Communist Party leader , communist military commander , NKVD secret agent , and Marshal of Poland by Joseph Stalin 's order from 1945 until his death .
Kjell - Ole Haune ( born 1976 in Norway ) is a composer and producer .
Torkel Petersson is a Swedish actor born in Lund , Sweden , on 19 August 1969 .
The parents of Mattia Maggio come from the Salento in Apulia , and had once emigrated from their homeland and settled in Swabia in Germany .
Maurice Bramley ( 11 September 1898 -- 15 June 1975 ) , was a New Zealand born Australian cartoonist and commercial artist .
Nasrin Sotoudeh ( also spelled Sotoodeh ; Persian : نسرین ستوده‎‎ ) is a human rights lawyer in Iran .
Giovanni Paolo Marana or sometimes Jean - Paul Marana ( 1642 - 1693 ) was a noble Genoese , who participated in 1672 in an unsuccessful conspiracy for passing the town of Savona under the rule of the Dukes of Savoy , moved to France in 1683 .
Claus Toksvig appeared as himself ( and the narrator ) in both the English - language and Danish - language versions of the 1961 Danish - American co - production of Reptilicus ; which , as the country 's first and only giant monster film , has a large cult following in Denmark .
María Desiree Durán Morales ( born October 7 , 1985 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra , Bolivia ) is a Bolivian actress , TV Presenter and model who participated in Miss Universe 2006 as Miss Bolivia and made top 10 .
Maribel Quiñones or María Isabel Quiñones Gutiérrez in full , known under her stage name as Martirio ( a Spanish given name meaning Martyrdom or Torment , in English ) is a Spanish singer born in 1954 in Huelva , Spain .
Sigurður Eggerz ( 1 March 1875 -- 16 November 1945 ) was Minister for Iceland from 21 July 1914 to 4 May 1915 , and from 7 March 1922 to 22 March 1924 .
Navtej Bharati ( Punjabi : ਨਵਤੇਜ ਭਾਰਤੀ ) is one of the most well - known Punjabi poets living in Canada .
Franck Schott ( born May 16 , 1970 in Saint - Paul , Réunion ) is a retired backstroke and freestyle swimmer from France , who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 .
Luke Gower ( born in Sydney , Australia ) was a member of the Australian band Cog .
Juan Carlos Maqueda ( born 29 December 1949 , Río Tercero , Córdoba Province ) is an Argentine lawyer , politician and a member of Supreme Court of Justice of Argentina since 2002 .
John Armstrong MacKelvie ( September 14 , 1865 -- June 4 , 1924 ) was a journalist , editor and political figure in British Columbia , Canada .
Jaana Pelkonen ( b. 27 January 1977 in Lahti , Finland ) is a Finnish member of parliament and former television hostess .
Gerlinde Jänicke ( born December 13 , 1973 in Berlin , Germany ) is a German host and announcer .
Ulf Kristiansen is currently living at Nesodden , Norway .
Ewa Zielińska ( born 25 December 1972 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Poland competing mainly in category F42 long jump and T42 sprint events .
Frank Kojo Baffoe Jr. ( known as Kojo Baffoe ) is a writer , poet , blogger , media consultant ( television and print ) , producer , columnist , editor of Destiny Man , and is currently based in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Juan Ignacio Basaguren García ( born July 21 , 1944 in Mexico City ) is a former Mexican football ( soccer ) player .
Han Myeong - sook ( born March 24 , 1944 ; Korean : 한명숙 ( han mjʌŋsʰuk ) ) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007 .
Tea Jorjadze ( Georgian : თეა ჯორჯაძე ; born 1971 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a contemporary artist .
Josef Speckbacher was born on July 13 , 1767 in Gnadenwald , near Hall , in Austria 's Tyrolean Alps .
Stefan Grogg is a hockey forward who played ice and inline hockey professionally in Switzerland and the United States .
Since 1995 and in addition to photographs and video works Thorsten Goldberg has been creating site - specific works and public art . He realized numerous projects in public space throughout Germany and taught at various colleges and art schools .
Atıl Kutoğlu ( born 1968 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish fashion designer residing in Vienna .
Francis Jocky is a singer , songwriter and producer , born in Cameroon and moved to France at age of 15 .
Martin Saar was born 30 April 1980 in Tallinn , Estonia ) and currently lives and works between New York and Tallinn .
Peggy Rockman Napaljarri ( also known as Peggy Yalurrngali Rockman Napaljarri ) ( born c. 1940 ) is a Warlpiri - speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
Manfred Kupferschmied ( born 10 November 1941 in Brüx ) is a retired German footballer , who was as a football manager in East Germany .
Krzysztof Kwiatkowski ( born May 14 , 1971 in Zgierz ) is a Polish politician , Minister of Justice of Poland in Cabinet of Donald Tusk .
Newton King ( 21 July 1855 - -27 July 1927 ) was a New Zealand auctioneer , merchant and businessman .
Born in Rijeka , then part of PR Croatia , FPR Yugoslavia , Branko Šegota moved with his family to Canada at the age of 7 .
Moussa Mara ( born 2 March 1975 in Bamako ) is a Malian politician who was Prime Minister of Mali from 2014 to 2015 .
Xhanfize Keko ( 27 January 1928 -- 22 December 2007 ) , born in Gjirokastër , Albania , was an Albanian film director .
Theodor Berkelmann was born in Le Ban - Saint - Martin near Metz , in Alsace - Lorraine , which was then part of Germany .
Yuan Shizhong ( ? -1643 ) is a rebel leader in 1640 's , the later Ming Dynasty , China .
Sherwin Vries ( born 22 March 1980 ) is a sprinter who represents South Africa after switching from Namibia in 2003 .
Antonio Nirta ( April 22 , 1919 -- September 1 , 2015 ) was a boss of the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type organization in Calabria , Italy .
Azucena Villaflor ( 7 April 1924 in Avellaneda -- 10 December 1977 ) was an Argentine social activist , and one of the founders of the human rights association called Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo , which looked for desaparecidos ( victims of forced disappearance during Argentina 's Dirty War ) .
Erwin Busta was born in the city of Leoben , Austria ( then part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire ) on April 12 , 1905 and originally worked as a mason and carpenter .
Marko Topchii ( i/ˌmɑːrˈkɒˌtɒpˈtʃɪj/),(Ukrainian : Марко Топчій , Russian : Марк Топчий ) , ( January 7 , 1991 , Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a classical guitarist from Ukraine .
Norodom Sihanouk (; 31 October 192215 October 2012 ) was the King of Cambodia from 1941 to 1955 and again from 1993 to 2004 .
Aurea Aguilar ( born September 1943 ) is a Mexican multimedia visual artist whose work has been recognized with membership in Mexico 's Salón de la Plástica Mexicana .
Assid Abraham Corban ( 25 August 1864 - -2 December 1941 ) was a New Zealand pedlar , importer , viticulturist and wine - maker .
Yi Mun - yol was born in Seoul , South Korea in 1948 , but the outbreak of the Korean War and his father 's defection to North Korea forced his family to move about until they settled in Yeongyang , Gyeongsangbuk - do , the ancestral seat of his family .
Charles James Fox Campbell was a grazier and early settler of Adelaide , South Australia , whose name is commemorated in the Adelaide suburb of Campbelltown , South Australia and the municipality , the City of Campbelltown , South Australia .
Amarfis Aquino was born in Sabana Grande de Boya , a town in the Dominican Republic .
Jean - Baptiste Thorn ( 17 March 1783 -- 23 March 1841 ) was a Luxembourg - born jurist and politician that held office in both Luxembourg and Belgium during and immediately after the Belgian Revolution .
Nam Yimyaem ( Thai : นาม ยิ้มแย้ม ) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of Thailand , former deputy Supreme Court President , and currently chairperson of a committee investigating the assets of deposed Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
Sybil Audrey Marie Lupp ( née Colley , 1 August 1916 -- 26 December 1994 ) was a New Zealand mechanic , motor - racing driver , garage proprietor and motor vehicle dealer .
Jan Kociniak was born in Stryj , Poland ( now Ukraine ) .
Rajesh Vedprakash ( Hindi : राजेश वेदप्रकाश , born as Rajesh Vedprakash Maingi राजेश वेदप्रकाश मैंगी on October 7 , 1968 ) at Pataudi , India ) as an Indian voice artist who can speak English , Hindi and Urdu .
Samuel Kivuitu ( 1939 -- 25 February 2013 ) was head of the now defunct Electoral Commission of Kenya .
Gloria Sawai ( 20 December 1932 -- 20 July 2011 ) , born Gloria Ruth Ostrem in Minneapolis , Minnesota , was an American - born fiction author , based in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Normand Chaurette ( born July 9 , 1954 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian playwright , best known as one of the first prominent writers of LGBT - themed plays in Quebec and Canada .
Fauzi Bowo ( born 10 April 1948 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian politician and diplomat who is the current Indonesian Ambassador to Germany .
Lyn Fullston ( 3 March 1956 -- 1 June 2008 ) known by her friends and peers as Lefty , was a World Champion Australian Cricketer , Australian netball representative , gifted sportswoman and dedicated Physical Education teacher in South Australia .
Alan Pritchard was a pilot for the New Zealand Public Works Department from the late 1930s to mid-1950s .
When John Duff started racing in 1920 , he had lived a significant part of his life in Canada .
Kathleen Wong Mei Yin ( simplified Chinese : 黄美圆 ; traditional Chinese : 黃美圓 ; pinyin : Huáng Měi Yuán ; born 12 October 1970 ) is a political activist promoting unity and harmony in Perak , Malaysia .
Andreas Cariolou ( Greek : Ανδρέας Καριόλου ; born November 24 , 1982 in Egkomi ) is a three - time Olympic windsurfer from Cyprus .
Pandit Karuppan was a poet , dramatist , and social reformer who lived in Kerala , India .
Rao Bahadur P. I. Chinnaswamy Pillai was the first Municipal Chairman ( in 1893 ) of Palakkad , Kerala , India .
Fred van Zutphen ( born 7 January 1971 in Veghel , Netherlands ) , is a retired Dutch athlete who competes in compound archery .
Thorsten Hohmann ( born 14 July 1979 in Fulda , West Germany ) is a German professional pool player , nicknamed `` the Hitman . ''
Habibu Idris Shuaibu was military administrator of Niger State in Nigeria from August 1998 to May 1999 , when he handed over control to the democratically elected Abdulkadir Kure .
Moshe Levi ( Hebrew : משה לוי‎ ) ( 1936 -- January 8 , 2008 ) was an Israeli military commander and the 12th chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
Beatrice Câșlaru ( born 20 August 1975 in Brăila ) is a former medley swimmer from Romania , who competed in three consequentive Summer Olympics for her native country , starting in 1996 .
On May 21 , 1865 , for the 50-year - anniversary of the Second Uprising , Mihailo Obrenović III , Prince of Serbia , personally brought the Takovo cross for Uzun - Mirko , and also awarded him with the Montenegrin golden medallion of Obilić ( as a Hero ) .
Lika Roman ( born May 12 , 1985 ) is a Ukrainian model , charity worker and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Ukraine 2007 and represented Ukraine at Miss World 2007 but Unplaced .
Rosana Tositrakul ( Thai : รสนา โตสิตระกูล , born September 27 , 1957 ) is Thailand 's Bangkok Senator .
Tia Neiva ( born Neiva Chavez Zelaya , 1926 - -1985 ) was a Brazilian medium and founder of the mystical community Vale do Amanhecer ( Valley of Dawn ) located near Brasília , Brazil .
Châu Phong Hòa ( born 14 August 1985 in Đồng Tháp , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays for home club The Vissai Ninh Bình .
Ashot Melkonian ( Armenian : Աշոտ Անատոլիի Մելքոնյան ; March 1 , 1930 -- December 9 , 2009 ) was an Armenian artist associated with Neorealistic artistic style and Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia .
Shozo Saijo ( 西城 正三 , born January 28 , 1947 ) is a former professional boxer from Saitama , Japan .
Tarek Dergoul is a citizen of the United Kingdom of Moroccan origin who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Jonas Quinn is introduced in the penultimate season 5 episode `` Meridian '' as a scientist of the human nation of Kelowna on Langara , a planet with an industrial level comparable to Earth of the 1940s , and that is also locked in a cold war with two rival states .
Desirée Lois del Valle Dunham , better known by her screen name Desiree del Valle ( born May 28 , 1982 in the Philippines ) , is a Filipina actress born from an American father and a Filipina mother She trained in ABS - CBN 's training subsidiary , Star Magic ( Batch 7 ) .
In 2013 , Pheelz was listed in NotJustOk 's `` Top 10 Hottest Producers in Nigeria '' .
Valérie Favre ( born 1959 , Evilard , Switzerland ) is a Berlin - based artist .
Anne Fairbairn , ( B'ody , née Reid , born 1948 ) Member of the Order of Australia is a widely published Australian poet , journalist and expert in Arab culture .
Max Mangold ( born May 8 , 1922 in the village of Pratteln near Basel , Switzerland , died February 3 , 2015 ) taught phonetics , phonology and linguistic theory at the University of the Saarland in Germany .
Francesco Scianna ( Palermo , Italy , March 25 , 1982 ) is an Italian actor .
Dj Spele ( born 28 November 1987 in Naledi , Maseru , Lesotho ) is a mosotho progressive house DJ and composer .
Emerentia von Düben ( 24 May 1669 , unknown , but probably Stockholm -- 22 March 1743 , Stockholm ) also called Menza , was a Swedish lady - in - waiting , the favourite of Ulrika Eleonora , Queen of Sweden .
Koentjaraningrat was born in Yogyakarta , Indonesia on 15 June 1923 to a Pakualaman family .
Paul Vinitsky ( born Vinitsky Pavel ; June 11 , 1983 in Dubna , Moscow Region , Russia ) is a Russian electronic dance music trance and progressive DJ & producer .
Stein Inge Brækhus ( born 12 February 1967 in Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( drums ) and record producer , known from a series of album releases and as a key musician at the Jazz scenes of Stavanger and Bergen .
Hafsat Abiola ( born 1974 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian human rights , civil rights and democracy activist , founder of the Kudirat Initiative for Democracy ( KIND ) , which seeks to strengthen civil society and promote democracy in Nigeria .
Emmanuel Kavi or Komlan Kavi ( bron 3 March 1970 , Lomé Togo ) is an African contemporary artist and painter .
Born in Paris , André du Bouchet lived in France until 1941 when his family left occupied Europe for the United States .
Alhaji Muhammadu Shehu Kangiwa was the first elected civilian governor of Sokoto State , Nigeria in the short - lived Nigerian Second Republic , holding office from October 1979 to November 1981 .
Christopher MacFarlane , better known as Macka B , is a British reggae artist , performer and activist with a career spanning thirty years in the United Kingdom and Jamaica .
Tete Montoliu ( 28 March 1933 -- 24 August 1997 ) was a jazz pianist from Catalonia , Spain .
Patrick Barré ( born 12 April 1959 in Houilles , Yvelines ) is a former athlete from France who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Ana Paula Zacarias ( born 5 January 1959 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is a Portuguese diplomat , currently appointed as the Head of the European Union 's delegation to Brazil .
Kati Nescher ( born December 12 , 1984 in Russia ) is a professional fashion model from Germany .
David Thomas Fleming ( 1861 - -1938 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 7 May 1918 to 6 May 1925 ; then 7 May 1925 to 6 May 1932 , when his term ended .
Albert Percy Blesing ( 9 September 1879 -- 2 March 1949 ) was a farmer and politician from South Australia who served as Minister for Agriculture ( 1933 - -1944 ) , for Local Government ( 1933 - -1938 ) and for Afforestation ( 1938 - -1944 ) .
Agim Çeku ( born 29 October 1960 ) is the Minister of Security Forces for the Republic of Kosovo .
Abderrahmane Youssoufi ( ahb - dehr - RAH - mahn - ehl YOO - soo - fee ( listen ) ; Arabic : عبد الرحمن اليوسفي‎ ; born 8 March 1924 ) is a Moroccan politician who served as the Prime Minister of Morocco from 1998 to 2002 .
Sir Morell Mackenzie ( 7 July 1837 -- 3 February 1892 ) was a British physician , one of the pioneers of laryngology in the United Kingdom .
Ivan Zagni ( born 16 October 1942 ) is a New Zealand - based musician and composer who has been a member of bands such as Jody Grind , Big Sideways and Avant Garage , and has recorded albums with Aynsley Dunbar , Elton Dean , Don McGlashan and Peter Scholes .
Later described by the Village Voice as a `` slapstick Ingmar Bergman '' , Roy Andersson was born in Gothenburg , Sweden in 1943 .
James Robert Williams ( March 30 , 1888 , Nova Scotia , Canada -- June 17 , 1957 ) was a cartoonist who signed his work J. R. Williams .
Tarık Daşgün ( born 26 August 1973 in Ankara ) is a retired Turkish professional footballer who played for several clubs in Turkey and the Turkey national football team .
Paul Sahli ( born 24 April 1948 ) is a Swiss juggler from Lostorf , Switzerland .
Kim Jin - sun ( Hangeul : 김진선 , hanja : 金振兟 ; born November 10 , 1946 ) is a former governor of Gangwon Province , South Korea , and former president of the Pyeongchang 2018 Olympic Organizing Committee for the 2018 Winter Olympics which will be held in Pyeongchang , South Korea .
Ho Kim Fai ( Chinese : 何劍暉 ; Jyutping : ho4 gim3 fai1 ; born November 27 , 1962 ) is a Hong Kong rower and sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s .
Eduard Mochalov is a former businessman from Russia who survived corporate raid on his business and took the path of a `` crusading journalist '' , bringing to light numerous facts of corruption among local officials .
He has released three albums including Burhan G in 2010 and Din for evigt , both certified platinum in Denmark .
Manon Gauthier is a politician and administrator in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Rénald Metelus ( born 6 January 1993 in Levallois - Perret , France ) is a French - Haitian footballer .
August Thalheimer was born 18 March 1884 in Affaltrach , now called Obersulm , Württemberg , Germany .
Augustin Keller ( 10 November 1805 , Sarmenstorf , Aargau - 8 January 1883 ) was a Swiss politician and a co - founder of the Christian Catholic Church of Switzerland , the Old Catholic Church in Switzerland .
Born in Punjabi family in Pakistan 's fourth - largest city , Rawalpindi , Javed Sheikh made his acting debut in the Lollywood film Dhamaka , released on 14 December 1974 .
He was born in Na Seng village , Khanthabouli district ( now Kaysone Phomvihane District , Savannakhet Province ) , Laos .
Wayne Jacques is a former provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada .
Vidi Aldiano ( born Oxavia Aldiano , 23 March 1990 ) is a singer , musician and songwriter from Indonesia .
Therese Aune ( born 3 May 1987 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician and songwriter .
Jane Claxton ( born 26 October 1992 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian field hockey player .
Jacob Nena ( born October 10 , 1941 ) is a Micronesian political figure who served as the fourth President of the Federated States of Micronesia from 1996 to 1999 .
Mariam Matossian ( born at Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada ) is a musician specialising in Armenian folk music .
Gabriele Gatti ( born 27 March 1953 ) is a Sammarinese politician who was a captain regent ( head of government for San Marino ) for the October , 2011 to April , 2012 political term .
Bhichit Rattakul ( Thai : พิจิตต รัตตกุล ) , ( born August 30 , 1946 ) is a Thai politician who served as the governor of Bangkok from 1996 to 2000 and the science minister for Thailand .
In 1937 , Hugo Pratt moved with his mother to Abyssinia ( Ethiopia ) , joining his father who was working there following the conquest of that country by Benito Mussolini 's Italy .
Roland Kaiser ( born May 10 , 1952 in Berlin as Ronald Keiler ) is a schlager singer - songwriter from Germany .
Born on April 16 , 1904 in Piedmont , Italy , Ernest Joseph Boffa relocated as a young child to Canada with his family , living first in Calgary and then in Thunder Bay ( Fort William ) , Ontario .
Jamie Coyne ( born 2 January 1982 in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player .
Gustavo Esteva ( born August 20 , 1936 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican activist , `` deprofessionalized intellectual '' and founder of the Universidad de la Tierra in the Mexican city of Oaxaca .
Ricardo Almendáriz ( fl . 1787 ) was a Guatemalan draftsman who accompanied Antonio del Río to the first excavation of pre - Columbian Maya ruins at Palenque in Chiapas , Mexico .
Rebekah Johansson ( May 4 , 1981 in Enköping -- February 23 , 2011 ) was a Swedish glamour model who also participated in Big Brother Sweden 2004 Johansson modelled for men 's magazines such as FHM , Moore Magazine and American Playboy Magazine , she started her career at MIKAS modeling agency .
Olga Bodnar is a Ukrainian politician , People 's Deputy of Ukraine , member of the 5th and 6th convocations of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine , member of the fraction Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc .
Pierre Galet was born in Monaco in 1921 and spent most his life in southern France .
Alex de Angelis ( born 26 February 1984 ) is a motorcycle road racer from San Marino who currently competes in the Superbike World Championship aboard an Aprilia RSV4 .
Alexandre Danilevsky ( Russian : Александр Данилевский ; born in 1957 in St. Petersburg ) is a Russian - born French composer , lutenist , vielle player , active in Metz , France .
In May 2011 , Nucentz won Ireland 's First Rap Superstar Competition to collaborate with world - wide hip - hop star Lupe Fiasco .
Arthur Edward Ochse ( 11 March 1870 in Graaff - Reinet , Cape Colony , South Africa -- 11 April 1918 at Messines Ridge , France ) , played Test cricket in the first matches played by the South African team in 1888 - 89 .
Elsa Beatrice Kidson ( 18 March 1905 -- 25 July 1979 ) was a New Zealand soil scientist and sculptor .
Manu Militari ( born May 21 , 1979 ) is a francophone rapper from Montreal , Quebec in Canada .
Dorota Jędrusińska , née Dydo ( born February 4 , 1982 in Mielec ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Poland .
Oscar González Guerrero ( born January 17 , 1926 in Mexico City ) is a comic book artist mostly known for his co - creations Hermelinda Linda and Zor y Los Invencibles .
William Wensley Smith ( 1887 - -1955 ) was a Canadian who founded W.W. Smith Insurance Ltd. , one of the oldest insurance brokerages in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Miloš Adamović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mилoш Aдaмoвић ; born 19 June 1988 in Šabac , SR Serbia ) is a Serbian footballer .
Vanessa Kraven is a Canadian professional wrestler who competes in several independent promotions in both the United States and Canada .
Algirdas Petrusevičius ( born 23 February 1937 in Klaipėda ) is an anti - Soviet dissident , partisan and political prisoner , a leader in the creation of Lithuania 's army , an inventor of weapons for guerrilla warfare , and a member of Lithuania 's parliament from 1996 to 2000 .
Amir Vahedi ( February 25 , 1961 -- January 8 , 2010 ) was an Iranian professional poker player born in Tehran , Iran .
Jabril Hassan Mohammed is a Somali international footballer who currently plays as a striker for Dong Thap and the Somalia national team .
Luc Leblanc ( born August 4 , 1966 in Limoges , France ) is a retired French professional cyclist .
Annette Dytrt was born in Landshut , Germany , the daughter of Czech immigrants .
Habib Koité ( Bambara : Habib Kuwate , born 1958 in Thiès , Senegal ) is a solo singer , songwriter and guitarist , based in Mali .
Siniša Vuco ( born 29 April 1971 in Split , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) , his stage name being simply Vuco , is a Croatian singer , songwriter .
Saskia Holmkvist ( born 1971 ) is a conceptual artist from Sweden , working mainly with video .
Carl Stettler ( * June 6 , 1861 in Eggiwil / Switzerland , † February 1 , 1920 in Memphis / Tennessee ) was born at Eggiwil near Berne , Switzerland on June 6 , 1861 .
Ishwar Singh ( b 10 April 1950,Jadaula , Distt . Kaithal ( Haryana ) ) is politician from Indian Congress in Haryana state of India .
Om Gurung is head of the Central Department of Sociology / Anthropology of the Tribhuvan University of Nepal .
It is thought that Adomnán may have begun his monastic career at a Columban monastery called Druim Tuamma , but any Columban foundation in northern Ireland or Dál Riata is a possibility , although Durrow is a stronger possibility than most .
Dolores Paterno y Ignacio ( anglicized as Dolores Ignacio Paterno or Dolores Paterno - Ignacio ) was born on March 10 , 1854 in Santa Cruz , Manila , Philippines .
Grace Winifred Green ( 13 February 1907 -- 25 May 1976 ) was a New Zealand radio broadcaster and journalist .
Peter Mayo ( born 1955 ) is a professor , speaker , editor , writer , and head of the Department of Arts , Open Communities and Adult Education at the University of Malta .
Cosme Rivera ( born July 19 , 1976 in Huatabampo , Sonora , Mexico ) is a professional boxer .
Roland Poirier Martinsson ( born in Aahus , Kristianstad County , Sweden , 15 February 1962 ) is an author , conservative philosopher and radio- and TV - personality from Sweden , now living in Austin , Texas .
Rakesh Roshan was honoured on 3 December 2006 during the International Film Festival of India ( IFFI ) in Panaji for his contribution to mainstream cinema .
Reweti Tuhorouta Kohere ( 11 April 1871 -- 9 August 1954 ) was a New Zealand Anglican clergyman , newspaper journalist and editor , farmer , writer , historian .
Aleksandr Shymko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Шимко ) , born August 4 , 1977 in Borshchiv , Ukraine , is an award - winning Ukrainian composer and pianist .
Sheela Gowda ( Kannada : ಶೀಲಾ ಗೌಡ , born 1957 in Bhadravati , India ) is a contemporary artist living and working in Bangalore .
Józef Kupny is also a sociologist , having lectured in several universities in Poland ( primarily in Silesia ) , and author of various sociologist publications .
Joey Lina is former Laguna governor and former senator of the Philippines .
Luis Concepción ( born 1985 - 10 - 06 as Luis Miguel Concepción Montiel ) is a professional boxer from Panama City .
Michalis Grigoriou ( born 19 December 1973 in Athens , Greece ) is a former Greek football player and current coach .
Ramón Castilla y Marquesado ( 31 August 1797 -- 25 May 1867 ) was a Peruvian caudillo and President of Peru four times .
Manuel Rengifo Cardenas ( Santiago de Chile , Kingdom of Chile , December 31 , 1793 -- Talca , Chile , March 16 , 1845 ) , he was a Chilean politician , minister presidents José Tomás Ovalle , Fernando Errázuriz , José Joaquín Prieto Vial and Manuel Bulnes Prieto .
Ani Takidze enjoys regular concert activity with recitals and concerts with orchestra in Europe , and in her native Georgia .
Gideon Iitula ( b. Ovamboland , Namibia ) was one of the first seven Ovambo pastors , whom the director of the Finnish Missionary Society , Matti Tarkkanen ordained into priesthood in Oniipa , Ovamboland , on 27 September 1925 , with a permission granted by the Bishop of Tampere , Jaakko Gummerus .
Malik Meraj Khalid ( Urdu : ملک معراج خالد‎ ; 20 September 1915 - - 13 June 2003 ) , was a Pakistani left wing statesman and Marxist philosopher who served as the acting Prime Minister of Pakistan from November 1996 until February 1997 .
Jah Cure , or Iyah Cure ( born Siccature Alcock on 11 October 1978 in Hanover , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican reggae musician , who was raised in Kingston .
Willem Johan Herman Mulier , known as Pim Mulier ( 10 March 1865 -- 12 April 1954 ) was one of the leading figures in sporting history of the Netherlands .
Christian Vásquez ( born 1984 , Caracas , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan conductor and violinist .
Wolfgang Weber ( born 26 June 1944 ) is a German former footballer best remembered for scoring the last - minute equaliser for West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final .
Seyyed Mohammad Fazlhashemi ( Persian : سید محمد فضل هاشمی‎‎ ) was born in Tehran / Iran in 1961 .
Zu Dashou ( died 1656 ) , courtesy name Fuyu , was a Chinese military general who served on the northern border of the Ming dynasty during the Manchu conquest of China .
Bidur Prasad Sapkota ( Nepali : विदुर प्रसाद सापकोटा ) is Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist -- Leninist ) .
Biography at the Tate Gallery Robert MacBryde on the Gazeteer for Scotland An Anthology from X ( Oxford University Press 1988 ) .
Narges Abyar ( Persian : نرگس آبیار‎‎ ) ( born 1970 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian author , film director and screenwriter best known for directing a famous film named Trench 143 .
Juho Lallukka ( February 3 , 1852 in Räisälä , Finland -- December 1 , 1913 in Viipuri ) was a Finnish businessman , commercial counsellor , and a patron of the arts .
Andrés Waissman is a visual artist born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1955 .
Maung Maung Ta 's debut into the Myanmar cinema industry was spectacular .
Hashem Aghajari served in the Iran - Iraq War where he lost his right leg below the knee , and his brother .
Henry Niccol ( 22 September 1819 -- 9 November 1887 ) was a New Zealand shipbuilder .
Daniel Monserrat , better known by his stage name Dani M ( born in Gävle on 6 January 1990 ) , is a rapper and reggae singer from Uppsala , Sweden .
Arantxa Ochoa ( born in Valladolid , Spain ) is a principal dancer with the Pennsylvania Ballet .
Peter Sasdy ( born 27 May 1935 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian - born British film and television director .
Daniel Matto ( born 2 December 1978 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian singer - songwriter of Italian descent .
Tjokorda Gde Raka Soekawati ( new spelling : Cokorda Gde Raka Sukawati ) , ( born January 15 , 1899 in Ubud , Gianyar , Bali , died 1967 ) was the only President of the State of East Indonesia from 1946 to its disestablishment in 1950 .
Ademola Rasaq Seriki ( born November 30 , 1959 ) is a Lagos Island born Nigerian politician , teacher , businessman , accountant and public administrator and a prominent native of Lagos State of Nigeria .
André Jeanquartier ( born 1941 in Le Locle , Switzerland ) is a Swiss jazz pianist .
Rasmus Walter - Hansen or just Rasmus Walter is a Danish singer and guitarist originating from Aarhus , Denmark .
Jeremiah Connolly ( 1875 -- 2 October 1935 ) was an Independent Liberal Member of Parliament for Mid - Canterbury , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Alfonso Gómez Méndez ( born 19 August 1949 ) is the 9th Minister of Justice and Law of Colombia .
Ko Kan Ko Sata is a musician from southern Mali .
Jesse Taitano is a professional mixed martial artist from Guam .
Hala Mohammad al - Nasser ( born 1964 ) is the current Minister of Housing and Construction for Syria , serving since 2011 .
Victor Victori ( born August 16 , 1943 ) is a portraitist , painter , sculptor , author and ordained Minister originally from South Korea .
Marja Wokke ( born 21 March 1957 in Bergen , North Holland ) is a former marathon runner from the Netherlands , most active in the 1970s .
Feni Rosewidyadhari , or `` Feni Rose '' ( born in Malang , 1 November 1973 ) is an Indonesia TV presenter and entrepreneur .
Hélène Chanel ( born Hélène Stoliaroff June 12 , 1941 in Deauville , Calvados , France ) is a former French actress of Russian heritage .
Dick de Groot ( born 1920 ) was born in Scheveningen , a beach suburb of The Hague in the Netherlands .
Salvador Videgain García ( Madrid , February 26 , 1886 -- f. ib . , October 12 , 1957 ) was a famous actor of comedy and zarzuela during the first half of the 20th century in Spain .
Mey Vidal ( born October 10 , 1984 ) , in the city of Palma Soriano in the province of Santiago de Cuba .
Ningombam Bupenda Meitei was born in Imphal , Manipur to the descendant of Maharaja Kullachandra of Manipur whose royal throne was recognised by the Viceroy of India , Lord Lansdowne .
Amanda Billing ( born 1 January 1976 in New Zealand ) is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as Doctor Sarah Potts on New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street .
Saskia Rao - de Haas ( born 1971 ) is a virtuoso cellist and composer from the Netherlands based in New Delhi , India .
Giorgi Kvirikashvili ( Georgian : გიორგი კვირიკაშვილი ; born July 20 , 1967 ) is a Georgian politician who has served as Prime Minister of Georgia since December 30 , 2015 .
Joachim Levy ( born 1976 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Swiss film director , screenwriter , showrunner .
Lordy Rodriguez ( born 1976 ; Quezon City , Philippines ) is a contemporary artist who uses cartography and maps to reconfigure factual locations and create fictional assemblage pieces .
Édouard Séguin ( January 20 , 1812 -- October 28 , 1880 ) was a physician and educationist born in Clamecy , Nièvre , France .
Maria Farida Indrati , S.H. , M.H. ( referred to as Farida ; born 14 June 1949 ) is a justice at the Constitutional Court of Indonesia .
Andy Kuntz was born on November 20 , 1962 in Kaiserslautern , Germany Since age 14 , he has been interested in singing and he always wanted to be a `` big rock star '' .
Barbara Rosenkranz ( née Schörghofer ; born 20 July 1958 in Salzburg ) is an Austrian politician for the Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) , currently serving as the Minister of Building Law and Animal Protection of the State of Lower Austria ( since 2008 ) .
Oscar Nemon ( born Oscar Neumann ; 13 March 1906 -- 13 April 1985 ) was a Croatian sculptor who was born in Osijek , Croatia , but eventually settled in England .
Jean Ven Robert Hal is one of the few representatives in Italy and belongs to the current musical wave of the Kosmische Musik genre with many `` cultural '' pieces .
Robin Duff ( 1947 -- 16 February 2015 ) was a New Zealand teacher , education leader and gay rights activitist .
Dr. Emilio Diena ( 1860 - -1941 ) , was an Italian philatelist who specialized in the postage stamps of Italy and published substantial research on the subject .
Jacqueline Diffring ( born February 7 , 1920 in Koblenz , Germany ) is a German - British sculptor .
Abdullah Abdurahman ( 18 December 1872 -- 2 February 1940 ) was a South African politician and physician , born in Wellington , South Africa .
Jokke Sommer ( born June 6 , 1986 in Oslo , Norway ) is a professional skydiver and BASE jumper .
Ubaldo Pacchierotti ( Italy , 1875/6 - April 21 , 1916 ) was an Italian composer who wrote several operas that were produced or published between 1899 and 1920 .
Luis Cardoza y Aragón ( June 21 , 1901 - September 4 , 1992 ) was a Guatemalan writer , essayist , poet , art critic , and diplomat born in Antigua Guatemala but who spent a good part of his life living in exile in Mexico .
Tanel Sokk has been a member of the Estonia national basketball team since 2002 .
P. Valsala ( Malayalam : പി. വത്സല ; born 4 April 1938 ) is a Malayalam novelist , short story writer , social activist , and a retired Head Mistress from Kerala state , South India .
Olaf Isaachsen is regarded as one of Norway 's more prominent artists and great colourist with motives from Setesdalen and the coast landscape of Southern Norway .
Prabhu Chawla born in Lahore , Punjab , British India in 1946 , is the Editorial Director of The New Indian Express , a Chennai - based newspaper in India .
Merve Akıl played in her hometown club TSG 05 Bamberg until the end of 2012 - 13 season before she moved to Turkey .
Mehdi Shiri Shourijeh ( Persian : مهدی شیری شوریجه‎ , born 14 May 1978 in Shiraz , Iran ) is an Iranian football Midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the second tier of Iranian football league , the Azadegan League .
Omer Fast ( born 1972 , Jerusalem , Israel ) is a contemporary video artist .
Brunó Ferenc Straub ( January 5 , 1914 , Nagyvárad , Austria - Hungary ( now Oradea , Romania ) -- February 15 , 1996 ) was a biochemist .
Valete is a Portuguese language political hip hop artist named Keidje Lima that has enjoyed some critical success in his home country of Portugal .
Eugenio Finardi was born in Milan , Italy , on July 16 , 1952 , in a musical family : his father Enzo was an Italian music sound engineer and his mother Eloise an American opera singer ; at age six Finardi made his first record , Palloncino Rosso Fuoco , a children song .
Mary Elizabeth Small ( 1812 - -1908 ) was a notable New Zealand market gardener and farmer .
Pernell Saturnino is a Grammy Award winner percussionist from the Caribbean island of Curaçao .
James Henry Marriott ( c. 1800 - -25 August 1886 ) was a New Zealand theatre manager , actor , entertainer , dramatist , songwriter , engraver , optician and bookseller .
Khwaja Saeed Hai ( born 5 March 1930 in British India ) is a former Pakistan No . 1 tennis player , and the first Pakistani tennis player to reach the main draw of a Grand Slam through qualifying matches .
Sotiris Kaiafas ( born 17 December 1949 in Mia Milia , Nicosia ) is a retired Cypriot footballer , who played for Omonia and Cyprus .
Alongside her career as a television presenter , Amanda founded Amanda Hamilton Ltd in 2007 , which organises and licenses health and weight - loss retreats in the United Kingdom .
Siegfried Wortmann ( born Austria ; died United States ) was an early twentieth century Austrian football ( soccer ) inside forward who played professionally in Austria and the United States .
Kevin Breit is a Canadian guitarist , vocalist , and singer - songwriter from McKerrow , Ontario , Canada .
Abdolreza Barzegari ( Persian : عبدالرضا برزگری‎‎ ; born 3 July 1958 in Abadan , Iran ) is a former Iranian football player .
Bárbaro Garbey ( /ɡɑrˈbeɪ/ gar - BAY ; born December 4 , 1956 , in Santiago de Cuba , Cuba ) is a former utility player in Major League Baseball .
Ipeelee Kilabuk ( 1932 - -2000 ) was a territorial level politician from Pangnirtung , Northwest Territories , ( now Nunavut ) Canada .
Dennis Orcollo ( born January 28 , 1979 ) , sometimes called Dennis Orcullo , is a Filipino professional pool player , nicknamed `` Surigao '' ( after a province in the Philippines ) and `` RoboCop '' .
Paul Odlin ( born 19 September 1978 ) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist , best known for winning the 2012 New Zealand national championship in the individual time trial .
Born in San Jorge , Argentina , David Depetris began his career with hometown club C.D. San Jorge .
Denis Petushinskiy ( Russian : Денис Петушинский ; born 28 June 1967 in Irkutsk ) is a retired pole vaulter who represented New Zealand after switching from Russia in 1998 .
Giovanni Galzerani ( circa 1789 - after 1853 ) was an Italian choreographer , ballet dancer , and composer who was active in major theatres throughout Italy from 1808 to 1853 .
Rachel Nash is a New Zealand actress who has appeared in many local films and television series over the years in New Zealand .
Carlo Bisiach ( 1892 -- 1968 ) was a violin maker born in Milan Italy .
Mario Lavista ( born April 3 , 1943 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican composer , writer and intellectual .
Maxime Giroux ( born 16 April 1976 in Montreal ) is a film director from Quebec , Canada .
Mahmud Gawan ( 1411 , Iran -1481 ) was a prime minister in the Bahamani Sultanate of Deccan .
Yvon Marcoux ( born March 26 , 1941 in Lévis , Quebec ) is a politician and administrator in Quebec , Canada .
Colin Gonsalves is a Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of India .
Yusuf Dikeç ( born January 1 , 1973 in Taşoluk , Göksun , Kahramanmaraş Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish sport shooter competing in the pistol events .
Jean Rhys , CBE ( /ˈdʒiːn riːs/ ; 24 August 1890 -- 14 May 1979 ) , born Ella Gwendolyn Rees Williams , was a mid-20th - century novelist who was born and grew up in the Caribbean island of Dominica , though she was mainly resident in England from the age of 16 .
Ciprian Petre Porumb ( born 6 March 1971 ) is a Romanian retired professional tennis player and current captain of the Romania Davis Cup Team .
Mapitigama Buddharakkitha ( 1921−1967 ) was the chief conspirator of the assassination of fourth Prime Minister of Ceylon ( later Sri Lanka ) , S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike .
George Henry Frederick Ulrich FGS ( born as Georg Heinrich Friedrich Ulrich ) ( 7 July 1830 -- 26 May 1900 ) was a notable New Zealand mineralogist , university professor and director of the school of mines .
Paolo Elito Macapagal Ballesteros IV ( born November 29 , 1982 in Cabanatuan City , Nueva Ecija , Philippines ) better known as Paolo Ballesteros is a Filipino actor , TV host , model and impersonator .
Dumnorix ( spelled Dubnoreix on coins ) was a chieftain of the Aedui , a Celtic tribe in Gaul in the 1st century B.C. He was the younger brother of Divitiacus , the Aedui Druid and statesmen .
Born in Loire Atlantique ( France ) , Guy Hersant entered apprenticeship at the age of sixteen and obtained his CAP in photography while working as an assistant for several photographers .
Johann Schober ( 14 November 1874 -- 19 August 1932 ) was an Austrian police official who served three times as Chancellor of Austria ( his initial term being interrupted for two days in office by Walter Breisky ) .
Monika Pflug ( born 1 March 1954 ) , also known as Monika Holzner - Pflug and Monika Gawenus - Pflug , is a former speed skater from Germany .
Alfredo Chávez ( born October 23 , 1989 in San Juan Zitlaltepec , municipality of Zumpango , State of Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division .
Gündüz Tekin Onay ( 31 May 1942 in Çankırı -- 4 January 2008 in İstanbul , Turkey ) was a Turkish footballer and coach who also trained Istanbul club Beşiktaş between 1976 and 1977 .
Pacha Khan Zadran ( Pashto : پاچا خان ځدراڼ‎ ) is a militia leader and a politician in the southeast of Afghanistan .
Rob Szabo ( born 29 October 1965 ) is a darts player from New Zealand .
Brigitte Wagner ( born November 22 , 1983 in Freising , West Germany ) is a retired amateur German freestyle wrestler , who competed in the women 's flyweight category .
Roger Beuchat ( born January 2 , 1972 in Court , Switzerland ) is a retired Swiss cyclist .
Grecia Dolores Colmenares Mieussens ( born December 7 , 1962 in Valencia , Venezuela ) , better known plainly as Grecia Colmenares , is a Venezuelan - Argentine actress who gained fame across Latin America , specially during the 1980s .
Ludovico Scarfiotti ( 18 October 1933 -- 8 June 1968 ) was a Formula One and sports car driver from Italy .
Wayne Pride ( born 29 June ) is an Australian country music and memory lane musician , who started his career in 1959 as a vocalist and guitarist in Sydney , Australia .
Dharma Kumar ( 1928-October 19 , 2001 ) was an Indian economic historian , noted for her work on the agrarian history of India .
Shiv Narayan Singh Chauhan , a politician , presently State General Secretary , All India Forward Bloc , Uttar Pradesh
Habib Benglia ( 1895 - -1960 ) was an Algerian - born film actor who settled in France .
Alberto Contreras was a Spanish - born stage and film actor who settled in Argentina .
Born in Athens the 18 september , Kostas Lamprou was just 13 when he left his homeland Greece for the Netherlands .
Serghei Gheorghiev ( born 20 October 1991 ) in Chirsova , Moldova is an ethnic Bulgarian footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Mary Mallon was born in 1869 - in Cookstown , County Tyrone , Ireland .
Previously , Wim van der Eijk held positions at the Netherlands Patent Office and in the Ministry of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands , he served as an honorary judge at the District Court of The Hague , and he was Principal Director of Patent Law and Multilateral Affairs at the EPO .
Venerable Father Pio Bruno Pancrazio Lanteri , O.M.V. , or simply Bruno Lanteri ( 12 May 1759 -- 5 August 1830 ) , was a Catholic priest and founder of the religious congregation of the Oblates of the Virgin Mary in the Kingdom of Piedmont - Sardinia in northwestern Italy in the early 19th century .
Roman Chatov was born in Rostov - on - Don , Russia , to a theater impresario and his wife .
Wolfgang Degenhardt ( 19 May 1924 -- 8 November 1993 ) was an artist , prominent in Newcastle located in the Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia .
Peter Besler ( born October 5 , 1963 ) is an investment advisor and author residing in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
In April 2005 , Lindsay Owen - Jones was recognised for his significant contribution to France when he was decorated by the French Minister of Foreign Affairs as Commander of the Légion d’Honneur .
Saúl Ongaro ( born in La Plata , Argentina ) is a former footballer who played for clubs in Argentina and Chile .
Kato Hideki ( b. 1962 in Nagoya , Japan ; 加藤英樹 , family name Kato ) is a Japanese musician and composer .
Werner Cohn ( born in Berlin , Germany in 1926 ) is a sociologist who has written on the sociology of Jews and of Gypsies , and political sociology .
Mario van der Ende ( born March 28 , 1956 in The Hague , South Holland ) is a retired football referee and coordinator from the Netherlands .
Stephanie Frances Bailey , more commonly known by the Australian Registered Business Name Stephanie Messenger , is an anti - vaccination activist , lecturer and author from Brisbane , Australia who believes her son was killed by vaccination .
Gwen John was born in Haverfordwest , Wales , the second of four children of Edwin William John and his wife Augusta ( née Smith ) .
Juan Carlos Tolosa is an Argentinian composer , pianist and conductor , born in Córdoba ( Argentina ) on October 2 , 1966 .
Jean - Pierre Emile Boeres ( 1890 - -1944 ) was a Luxembourg composer , organist and choir master .
Tahir Mamedov ( Azerbaijani : Tahir Məmmədov , Russian : Таир Намикович Мамедов ) ( born October 2 , 1981 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is a TV host , entertainer , actor , comedian and singer .
Charles Owen O'Conor , O'Conor Don PC ( Irish : Cathal Eóghan Ó Conchubhair Donn ; 7 May 1838 -- 30 June 1906 ) , was an Irish MP of the United Kingdom .
Rovena Marku ( born May 21 , 1987 in Shkodër ) is an Olympic freestyle swimmer from Albania , who represented her native country at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics .
Major General Hassan Tehrani Moghaddam ( Persian : حسن تهرانی مقدم‎‎ ) ( 29 October 1959 -- 12 November 2011 ) the main architect of the Iranian missile system and the founder of Iran 's deterrent power , was the chief of the `` self - sufficiency '' unit of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution .
Mirosław Złotkowski ( born in Białystok , Poland , 23 June 1956 -- died in Christchurch , New Zealand , 24 March 2006 ) was a Polish Greco - Roman wrestler who changed to Freestyle wrestling after emigrating to New Zealand .
Luis Alberto Lazarte ( born 1971 - 03 - 04 in Mar del Plata , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a professional boxer who resides in his birthtown .
Geoff Dolan ( born Geoffrey Patrick Dolan on 29 December 1964 in Lower Hutt , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand actor , singer and corporate entertainer who is probably best known in recent times as recurring character , Derrick / Thor in The Almighty Johnsons .
Ram Shankar Katheria ( also called Ram Shankar ) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India .
Mauricio Henao ( born February 16 , 1987 in Armenia , Colombia ) is a Colombian - American actor best known for his roles in telenovelas .
Zakaria Hashemi ( Persian : زکریا هاشمی‎‎ ; born in 1936 in Rey , Iran ) is an Iranian actor and film director .
Nikos Kalokairis ( born 2 May 1986 in Agrinio , Greece ) is a professional football defender who is currently playing for Aris Etoliko .
Ernst von Wolzogen ( 23 April 1855 -- 30 August 1934 was a cultural critic , a writer and a founder of Cabaret in Germany .
Severin Løvenskiold ( 7 February 1777 -- 15 September 1856 ) was a Norwegian nobleman , politician and Prime Minister of Norway .
Mervi Pohjanheimo ( born June 10 , 1945 in Mäntyharju , Finland ) is a Finnish and television director and producer .
Reuben Abati , born November 7 , 1965 in Abeokuta , Ogun State , Nigeria , was Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria .
Roberto Gurgel ( born September 24 , 1954 , Fortaleza ) is a former General Prosecutor of Brazil .
Agostino Bonello ( born 11 August 1949 , Valletta , Malta ) , also known as Ino Bonello , is a production designer , art director and film producer .
Keo Sokngon ( born April 30 , 1990 in Kratié , Cambodia ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Phnom Penh Crown in Cambodian League and also Cambodia national football team .
Emanuel Rieder ( born 1 October 1993 in Brixen , Italy ) is an Italian luger .
After an impressive year , Marcos Guilherme was called up by Alexandre Gallo to Brazil under-20 team for the 2015 South American Youth Football Championship .
James Dunlop FRSE FRS ( 31 October 1793 -- 22 September 1848 ) was a Scottish astronomer , noted for his work in Australia .
Jüri Luik has held the positions of Estonian Minister of Foreign Affairs , Estonian Minister of Defense and the permanent representative for Estonia in NATO .
The Right Rev. Thomas Johnson Kuto Kalume was a Kenyan politician and the first Clergyman to be elected Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the history of the National Assembly of Kenya .
Vonthongchai Intarawat or Tol was born in Chiang Mai , Thailand .
Sunali Rathod was born on 17 January in , Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Abdelhamid Sharaf ( Arabic : الشريف عبدالحميد شرف‎ ) ( 8 July 1939 -- 3 July 1980 ) , was Prime Minister of Jordan from December 1979 until his death of a heart attack after seven months in office .
Glenn H. Mullin ( born 1949 , Quebec , Canada ) is a Tibetologist who lived in the Indian Himalayas between 1972 and 1984 , where he studied philosophy , literature , meditation , yoga , and the enlightenment culture under thirty - five of the great living masters from the four schools of Tibetan Buddhism .
Naveed Qamar ( Urdu : نوید قمر‎ ; born Syed Naveed Qamar ( Urdu : سیّد نوید قمر‎ ) on 22 September 1955 ) , is a senior statesman , and formerly tenured as the Defence Minister of Pakistan .
Otto Lohmüller ( born February 4 , 1943 in Gengenbach , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) is a German figurative painter , sculptor and book illustrator .
The songs , `` Dekho Dekho '' and `` Miss India Marthi Mujhpe '' , were both known as the title song , since the main chorus of both the songs included the title `` Dhamaal '' .
Pépé le Moko , a criminal on the run from the police in metropolitan France , lives in the Casbah quarter of Algiers , where he is out of reach of the local police .
On n'est pas couché is a French television programme on France 2 .
The term Canadian white bread is not used at all in Canada ; similar to usage of the term Canadian bacon , Canadian white is referred to as `` white bread '' in Canada , and only called `` Canadian white bread '' when it is exported .
Andouille ( /ænˈduːi/ an - DOO - ee in US English ; French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃nduj ) ; from Latin : `` made by insertion '' ) is a smoked sausage made using pork , originating in France .
Nation Awakes will be Pakistan 's first superhero feature film .
Ji Gong ( 濟公 , pinyin : Jì Gōng ; The Mad Monk in English ) is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Johnny To , and starring Stephen Chow as the `` Mad Monk '' Ji Gong , a popular Chinese folklore figure from the Southern Song Dynasty .
The KM - SAM is the middle - tier of South Korea 's three - tier aerial and missile defense system .
Duse toured it in Italy and abroad and it was the basis for several films and at least three operas , the first of which was Mala Pasqua !
Pare & Pare is a Philippine comedy musical talk show in the Philippines created by GMA Network .
Kartinah is a now - lost 1940 romance film from the Dutch East Indies that was written and directed by Andjar Asmara .
Gundruk ( Nepali : गुन्द्रुक , ( Pickled Leafy Vegetables ) Listen ) is fermented leafy green vegetable and is a popular food in Nepal and claimed to be one of the national dishes .
Brain Box was a live , interactive quiz show , showing in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland on UTV , and in Scotland on STV , airing every night , beginning after midnight .
Casino Tycoon 2 ( Chinese : 賭城大亨II之至尊無敵 ) is a 1992 Hong Kong action drama film written , produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Chingmy Yau .
Willy Nilly Show is a New Zealand television series originally based on a short film by the same name .
Clearly Canadian is a North American multi - SKU premium beverage brand , produced by The Clearly Food & Beverage Company of Canada .
The Trap Door is a British animated television series , originally shown in the United Kingdom in 1986 .
As the Light Goes Out ( Chinese : 救火英雄 ) is a 2014 Hong Kong - Chinese disaster film directed by Derek Kwok and starring Nicholas Tse , Shawn Yue , Simon Yam and Hu Jun.
The significance of Nowruz in the Achaemenid Empire was such that the great Persian king Cambyses II 's appointment as the king of Babylon was legitimized only after his participation in the New Year festival ( Nowruz ) .
The Sentimental Swordsman is a 1977 Hong Kong wuxia film written and directed by Chor Yuen and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio .
Directed by John N. Smith , Revolution 's Orphans is about a man who flees Hungary , with his daughter Clara , for Canada as the 1956 Hungarian Revolution happens .
Das Paar i m Kahn is a 2004 Swiss German language television film that was filmed and produced at locations in Basel respectively in Switzerland and in France .
Frescolita is also used to bake cakes in some places in Western Venezuela .
Written mainly in Buraquinho Beach , Lauro de Freitas , close to Salvador , Brazil , and concluded in London in mid-1977 , Tieta lives up to its full title : `` Tieta the Goat Girl or The Return of The Prodigal Daughter , A Melodramatic Serial Novel in Five Sensational Episodes with a Touching Epilogue :
Movies , Games and Videos ( originally called Movies , Movies , Movies ) was a television programme shown on ITV in the United Kingdom on Saturdays during the 1990s and early 2000s .
My Pal Bob was a United Kingdom television sitcom originally shown in ten episodes from 1957 to 1958 .
Rollatini is not an actual Italian word ; in Italy the dish is known as involtini ( e.g. , involtini di melanzane ) .
The Hole Story ( original French title : Trou story ) is a 2011 documentary film and web documentary directed by Richard Desjardins and Robert Monderie about mining in Canada and its impact on the environment and workers ' health .
Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is a dramatic love story , releasing in India and other countries on 3 August 2012 .
The Berlingozzo is a cake from Lamporecchio , in the province of Pistoia , central Italy .
English whisky is whisky produced in England .
The Beretta 8000 ( Cougar ) series pistols are manufactured by Beretta of Italy .
The filming of Golapi Ekhon Bilatey began on May 2006 and released on 29 January 2010 in Bangladesh .
Mr. Meaty originally aired on CBC Television in Canada , and Nickelodeon in the United States .
One - Armed Swordsman is a 1967 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio .
Peppi & Kokki were a Laurel & Hardy - style double act from the Netherlands ; they had their own television series in the 1970s .
Besan barfi ( barfee ) or Besan ki barfi ( Hindi : बेसन की बर्फ़ी , Urdu : بیسن کی برفی ) is a barfi sweet from Northern India and Pakistan .
Christina Parie ( born 10 February 1996 ) , also known by her stage name KYA , is an Australian singer and songwriter , best known as a finalist on the third season of The X Factor Australia in 2011 .
Learning the Ropes is a Canadian - produced sitcom that aired on CTV in Canada and in syndication in the United States from September 1988 to March 1989 .
Świat Młodych ( Youth 's World ) was a youth magazine in Poland , published from 1949 to 1993 .
C.L.I.F. 2 ( Courage , Loyalty , Integrity , Fairness , or 警徽天职2 ) was a police procedural series produced by MediaCorp Singapore in 2013 in collaboration with the Singapore Police Force .
Gustafs skål ( English : Gustav 's Toast ) , is a song written by Carl Michael Bellman as a salutation to Gustav III of Sweden , following the coup d'état of 1772 , which made himself an autocrat and ended the parliamentary age of liberty .
Curanto is a traditional food of Chiloé Archipelago that has spread to the southern areas of Chile and whose remains dated back about 11.525 ± 90 years no cal BP .
Gettin ' Square is a crime caper movie set on Australia 's Gold Coast and directed by Jonathan Teplitzky .
Miss Naked Beauty is a short - lived , six - episode reality television show produced by Maverick Television , aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom .
Tienerklanken , or `` Teen Voices '' when translated to English , was a Dutch language pop music television program of Belgium .
Carte Bleue ( English : Blue Card ) was a major debit card payment system operating in France .
Wasp Man is an animated series featured on SBS TV Australia .
The Billionaire tells the story of Aitthipat Kulapongvanich and how he , at the age of nineteen , dropped out from university to launch a packaged fried seaweed business that is now Taokaenoi Food & Marketing and became one of Thailand 's youngest ( baht ) billionaires .
Caught in the Net is a 1928 Australian silent film about a woman in high society starring Zillah Bateman , a British theatre star who was touring Australia at the time .
Le foto proibite di una signora per bene was released in Italy on November 19 , 1970 .
PVO NewsDay ( formerly titled PVO NewsHour ) is an Australian television news and commentary program broadcast 4 times weekly on Sky News Australia .
Cinta 7 Susun is an Indonesian soap opera musical comedy drama produced by SinemArt that aired daily on RCTI at 18:00pm ( Indonesia West Time ) .
Nightmare Castle was released in Italy on July 16 , 1965 where it was distributed by Emmeci .
Animals Do the Funniest Things was a comedy show in the United Kingdom that aired on ITV .
Election 2 ( literal title : Black Society : Harmony is a Virtue ) , also known as Triad Election in the United States , is a 2006 Category III Hong Kong crime film directed by Johnnie To with a large ensemble cast that includes Louis Koo , Simon Yam and Nick Cheung .
Sinfonia Amazônica , or Amazon Symphony , was Brazil 's first animated feature - length film , produced entirely by Anélio Latini Filho over five years and finished in 1951 .
Lancashire wrestling is a historic wrestling style from Lancashire in England .
Le Tempestaire was produced by France Illustration .
Krupnik originated in the territories of present - day Belarus , which were at the time part of the larger Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Op zoek naar Mary Poppins ( Looking for Mary Poppins ) was a 2009 talent show - themed television series produced by the AVRO in the Netherlands and broadcast on AVRO .
Gaytime TV was a late - night gay - themed comedy and lifestyle magazine programme broadcast on BBC 2 in the United Kingdom .
Kya Yahi Sach Hai was released on 30 December 2011 in cinemas across India .
Cyrano and d'Artagnan had 651,213 admissions in France .
Since 2002 , Banlue Group ( Banluesarn 's head office ) has broadcast 3D animated comics featuring PangPond in IMAX and on Channel 3 ( Thailand ) .
Suster Keramas is an adult horror comedy movie from Indonesia produced by Maxima Pictures and distributed by Maleo Pictures .
It is produced by Sinalco International , a company headquartered in Duisburg , Germany .
The Sound of the Violin in My Lai ( Vietnamese : Tiếng vĩ cầm ở Mỹ Lai ) is a short film that examines the history and legacy of the My Lai massacre , an incident of the Vietnam War in which hundreds of Vietnamese civilians were massacred by U.S. Army soldiers .
The Big Boss ( Chinese : 唐山大兄 , also known as Fists of Fury ) is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts action film written and directed by Lo Wei , with assistance from Bruce Lee .
Cavan Cola was a brand of soft drink produced by Cavan Mineral Water Ltd. in the town of Cavan , Ireland .
Cocido montañés ( Highlander stew or Mountain stew ) , is a rich hearty bean stew , originally from and most commonly found in Cantabria in northern Spain .
Les Rescapés is a Canadian television drama series , which debuted on Télévision de Radio - Canada in the 2010 - 11 television season .
The Sydney Technical College was a name used by Australia 's oldest technical education institution .
Children in Need 2005 was a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for the charity Children in Need .
Daun ubi tumbuk ( Indonesian for `` pounded cassava leaves '' ) is a vegetable dish commonly found in Indonesia , made from ponded cassava leaves .
Pie and peas is a traditional meal in the north of England , consisting of an individual pie , typically made with pork , served with mushy peas and gravy .
Doing Time for Patsy Cline grossed $ 671,639 at the box office in Australia , which is equivalent to $ 940,295 in 2009 dollars .
The Burning Times is the second film in the National Film Board of Canada 's Women and Spirituality series , following Goddess Remembered and preceding Full Circle .
The World Is Not Enough premiered on 19 November 1999 in the United States and on 26 November 1999 in the United Kingdom .
The Groninger Dagblad ( English : Groningen Daily ) is a former regional newspaper from the Netherlands .
Below the Surface is a 1938 adventure tale set in the coal region of Newcastle , Australia .
The BRDM-2 ( Boyevaya Razvedyvatelnaya Dozornaya Mashina , Боевая Разведывательная Дозорная Машина , literally `` Combat Reconnaissance / Patrol Vehicle '' ) is an amphibious armoured patrol car used by Russia and the former Soviet Union .
We 're Funny That Way ! was an annual comedy festival in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , held from 1997 to 2012 .
Decked Out is a Canadian home renovation television series , which airs on HGTV Canada .
Born Invincible ( 太极气功 ) is a 1978 Cinema of Taiwan kung fu film directed by Joseph Kuo , with action choreography by Yuen Woo - ping , and starring Carter Wong , Jack Long and Lo Lieh .
Northern Paiute traditional narratives include myths , legends , tales , and oral histories preserved by the Northern Paiute people of the Great Basin deserts of western Nevada , eastern California , and southeastern Oregon in the United States of America .
Persian Letters ( French : Lettres persanes ) is a literary work , written in 1721 , by Charles de Secondat , baron de Montesquieu , recounting the experiences of two Persian noblemen , Usbek and Rica , who are traveling through France .
The Tattooist is a 2007 New Zealand film directed by Peter Burger and starring Jason Behr , Nathaniel Lees , Michael Hurst and Robbie Magasiva among others .
Telemiracle is an annual telethon organized by the Kinsmen and Kinettes in Saskatchewan , Canada for the benefit of the Kinsmen Telemiracle Foundation .
Yakuza Graveyard , known in Japan as Yakuza no Hakaba :
Agila Probinsya is a news program on Net 25 featuring reports of Eagle News correspondents from different provinces and localities in the Philippines .
Dreamworld Studios is an auditorium with production facilities located at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast , Australia .
Jose Cuervo has always been family - owned and is run today by the Beckmann family of Mexico , direct descendants of Don Jose Antonio de Cuervo .
Cybernet was a weekly video gaming magazine programme , originally broadcast overnight on the ITV network in the United Kingdom .
Within a timespan of five years , Jigyaasa reaches the top and becomes India 's highest paid superstar .
Agni - I ( Sanskrit : अग्नि , Agnī `` Fire '' ) is a medium - range ballistic missile developed by DRDO of India under the Integrated Guided Missile Development Program .
100 Pipers is bottled in India and Scotland ( and possibly elsewhere ) .
BrzydUla ( Polish pronunciation : ( bʐɨˈdula ) ; in Polish brzydula means ugly woman while Ula is a common diminutive of the name Urszula ) was a Polish telenovela that premiered on October 6 , 2008 , on TVN in Poland .
Erasing David is a 2010 dramatized documentary ( docufiction ) film from the United Kingdom .
La golondrina ( Spanish : `` The Swallow '' ) is a song written in 1862 by Mexican physician Narciso Serradell Sevilla ( 1843 - 1910 ) , who at the time was exiled to France due to the French intervention in Mexico .
On October 4 , 2011 , Harto The Borges was made available to the general audience in Argentina through the On Line version of Revista Cultura Ñ , ( Diario Clarin ) in Buenos Aires .
One Sings , the Other Does n't ( French : L'une chante , l'autre pas ) is a 1977 French film by Agnès Varda that focuses on the lives of two women against the backdrop of the Women 's Movement in 1970s France .
Daft Planet is a Canadian cartoon , first airing on Teletoon Canada .
Mohinga ( Burmese : မုန့်ဟင်းခါး ; MLCTS : mun . hang : hka : , IPA : ( mo̰ʊɴhɪ́ɴɡá ) ) is a rice noodle and fish soup from Myanmar and is an essential part of Burmese cuisine .
Nénette is a 2010 French documentary film about a 40-year - old female orangutan living in the menagerie of the Jardin des Plantes , ( the zoo in Paris , France ) .
Mee bandung Muar , or simply Mee bandung , is a traditional cuisine originated from Muar , Johor , Malaysia .
Unlike previous films made in Norway , Fante - Anne was also made with professionals working at all levels behind the camera .
The Electronika 60 ( Russian : Электроника 60 ) was a terminal computer made in the Soviet Union by Electronika in Voronezh .
But the terrorists follow Aazaan in Morocco too , and the three of them decide to escape to India at the earliest so that the child 's blood can be used to make a cure for the virus in India .
Miffy the Movie ( originally released under the title Nijntje de film in the Netherlands ) is a 2013 Dutch stop motion animated family film , based on the Miffy character created by Dick Bruna .
Cheppu ( Malayalam : ചെപ്പ് ) is a 1987 Malayalam language film made in India , directed by Priyadarshan and starring Mohanlal .
Maxime , McDuff & McDo is a 2002 documentary film by Magnus Isacsson that shows the attempt to unionize a McDonald 's restaurant in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Star Awards 2000 is the 8th edition of the annual Star Awards presented by the Television Corporation of Singapore to honour its artistes who work on Channel 8 .
Donauwelle ( lt : Danube wave ) is a traditional sheet cake popular in Germany and Austria .
Newzoids was released in time for spoofing the United Kingdom general election , 2015 .
Men Behaving Badly is a British sitcom that was created and written by Simon Nye .
Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows was painted by John Constable in 1831 , one year after the death of his wife , Maria .
Dream Lady , also known as the Eugene Field Memorial , is a bronze sculpture by Edward McCartan .
Effect of Snow on Petit - Montrouge ( French : Effet de neige à Petit - Montrouge ) is an 1870 landscape painting by the French painter Édouard Manet .
The Races at Longchamp is an 1866 painting by the French artist Édouard Manet .
The Averoldi Polyptych is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance painter Titian , dating to 1520 - -1522 and in the basilica church of Santi Nazaro e Celso in Brescia , northern Italy .
My Life in Film is a British television comedy series written by Mark Chappell and originally aired on BBC Three , and then on BBC Two .
La Princesse is a 15-metre ( 50-foot ) mechanical spider designed and operated by French performance art company La Machine .
Fontana del Tritone ( Triton Fountain ) is a seventeenth - century fountain in Rome , by the Baroque sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini .
The Madonna del Granduca is a Madonna painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael .
Hymen o Hymenee is an 1889 painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna .
The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers is an American animated Space Western television series created by Robert Mandell and Gaylord Entertainment Company .
The Madonna of the Small Trees ( Italian : Madonna degli Alberetti ) is an oil on panel painting by Italian Renaissance artist Giovanni Bellini , executed in 1487 .
The Magician 's House is a quartet of children 's fantasy books by William Corlett .
Daughters of Revolution ( 1932 ) is a painting by American artist Grant Wood ; he claimed it as his only satire .
The cricketers is a 1948 painting by the Australian artist Russell Drysdale .
The Barbadori Altarpiece is a painting by Filippo Lippi , dated to 1438 and housed in the Louvre Museum of Paris .
Body Pressure is a 1974 performance piece by American artist Bruce Nauman .
A Minute with Stan Hooper , also known as Stan Hooper , is an American sitcom starring Norm Macdonald .
Water Mill at Opwetten ( F48 ) is an oil painting of the Watermill at Opwetten , created in 1884 by Vincent van Gogh .
Woman III is a painting by abstract expressionist painter Willem de Kooning .
The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things is a painting that has traditionally been attributed to Hieronymus Bosch , completed around 1500 or later .
Doctor John Witherspoon is a bronze sculpture by William Couper of John Witherspoon , Presbyterian minister and a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence .
Sliders is an American science fiction and fantasy television series created by Robert K. Weiss and Tracy Tormé .
Akbar 's Garden is an outdoor 1983 - -1984 aluminum sculpture by Lee Kelly , installed at the University of Oregon campus in Eugene , Oregon , in the United States .
Les Arènes is a painting by Vincent van Gogh executed in Arles , in November or December 1888 , during the period of time when Paul Gauguin was living with him in The Yellow House .
The Theory of Moral Sentiments is a 1759 book by Adam Smith .
Zig & Sharko is a French animated series of 156 episodes of 7 minutes that is created and directed by Olivier Jean - Marie and produced and executive produced by Xilam Animation , known for their animated series A Kind of Magic , Ratz , Space Goofs and Oggy and the Cockroaches .
Head Case is a comedy starring Alexandra Wentworth as Dr. Elizabeth Goode , a therapist who treats Hollywood stars .
Crying Girl is the name of two different works by Roy Lichtenstein : a 1963 offset lithograph on lightweight , off - white wove paper and a 1964 porcelain enamel on steel .
The Secret Bench of Knowledge ( formerly Secret Bench , Lost Paradise ) is a sculpture created by Canadian artist Lea Vivot and produced in multiple castings .
Sebastian Bergman ( original title Den fördömde , literally `` The cursed one '' ) is a Swedish police procedural television series , based on two novels by duo Hjorth Rosenfeldt ( Michael Hjorth and Hans Rosenfeldt ) .
Parade de cirque ( English : Circus Sideshow ) is a 1887 - 88 Neo - Impressionist painting by Georges Seurat .
Soyez amoureuses vous serez heureuses ( Be In Love and You Will Be Happy ) is a bas - relief wood panel carved and polychromed by French artist Paul Gauguin in the autumn of 1889 .
A Peace Conference at the Quai d'Orsay is an oil - on - canvas painting by Irish artist William Orpen , completed in 1919 .
The Portrait of Carlo de ' Medici is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Andrea Mantegna , executed in 1466 .
L'ispettore Coliandro is a series of Italian tongue - in - cheek television movies directed by Marco Manetti and Antonio Manetti ( collectively Manetti Bros. ) , and written by the crime writer Carlo Lucarelli and starring Giampaolo Morelli in the title role of the Inspector Coliandro .
The Madonna of the Yarnwinder ( Italian : Madonna dei Fusi , `` Madonna of the Spindles '' ) is a subject depicted by Leonardo da Vinci in at least one , and perhaps two paintings begun in 1499 or later .
Why , Charlie Brown , Why ? is the 33rd prime - time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
Kay Susan Tayo ! ( English : Let 's Be With Susan ! ) is a Philippine informative public affairs show and also a lifestyle show , hosted by Susan Enriquez , and aired GMA Network .
Dürer 's Rhinoceros is the name commonly given to a woodcut executed by German painter and printmaker Albrecht Dürer in 1515 .
Portrait of George Dyer Talking is an oil painting by Francis Bacon executed in 1966 .
Lemminkäinen 's Mother ( Lemminkäisen äiti ) is an 1897 Romantic nationalist painting by Finnish painter Akseli Gallen - Kallela .
Danmarks Næste Topmodel ( Danish for Denmark 's Next Top Model ) , or simply Topmodel , is a Danish reality television show and an adaptation of America 's Next Top Model , created by Tyra Banks .
Regarding Betty Applewhite and the mystery storyline of her family , series creator Marc Cherry stated : `` They come on the street ; they seem like nice people -- but they 've got a secret .
Henri Bencolin is a fictional detective created by John Dickson Carr .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
Symphony in White , No . 3 , is a painting by James Abbott McNeill Whistler .
The Telnarian Histories ( 1991 - -1993 ) are a series of four space opera novels which express philosophical messages consistent with those of author John Norman 's other works of fiction .
Almond Blossoms is from a group of several paintings made in 1888 and 1890 by Vincent van Gogh in Arles and Saint - Rémy , southern France of blossoming almond trees .
Beat the Whites with the Red Wedge ( `` Клином красным бей белых ! '' ) is a 1919 lithographic Soviet propaganda poster by artist Lazar Markovich Lissitzky better known as El Lissitzky , `` the man through whose exertions the new Russian ideas became generally understood in Western Europe '' .
Meanwhile , Jewel went on to appear in the sitcom Spring and Autumn ( 1973 - -76 ) , about a friendship between a lonely boy and an elderly man , created by Nearest and Dearest creators Vince Powell and Harry Driver .
La rendición de Breda ( English : The Surrender of Breda , also known as El cuadro de las lanzas or Las lanzas ) is a painting by the Spanish Golden Age painter Diego Velázquez .
Portrait of Dorothea Berck is a 1644 painting by Frans Hals that is in the collection of the Baltimore Museum of Art . It depicts Dorothea Berck at age 51 , the wife of the prosperous Haarlem merchant Joseph Coymans , whose portrait Hals also painted .
It 's Christmastime Again , Charlie Brown is the 36th prime - time animated TV special based on the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
A Caribbean Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 16 November 1964 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company the following year .
In 1893 , the Haymarket Martyrs ' Monument by sculptor Albert Weinert was raised at Waldheim .
The Life and Times of Juniper Lee is an American animated television series , created by former MTV reality star Judd Winick and produced by Cartoon Network Studios .
Press Your Luck is an American television daytime game show created by Bill Carruthers and Jan McCormack .
Chief Justice John Marshall is a bronze sculpture of John Marshall , by American sculptor William Wetmore Story .
Freakazoid ! is an American animated television series created by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini and developed by Tom Ruegger for the Kids ' WB programming block of The WB .
Enjoy Yourself Tonight was created by Robert Chua in 1967 , when he was just 21 years old .
Stitching the Standard is a painting by British artist Edmund Leighton .
The EFF Pioneer Award is an annual prize by the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) for people who have made significant contributions to the empowerment of individuals in using computers .
Philip Marlowe is a fictional character created by Raymond Chandler .
Door into Darkness was an Italian horror television series conceived by Dario Argento .
The Humours of an Election is a series of four oil paintings and later engravings by William Hogarth that illustrate the election of a member of parliament in Oxfordshire in 1754 .
The Mont Sainte - Victoire and the Viaduct of the Arc River Valley is an 1882 - -85 painting by the French artist Paul Cézanne .
The Finding of the body of St Mark or Rediscovery of the body of Saint Mark is a painting by Tintoretto .
The Portrait of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese is a portrait of cardinal Alessandro Farnese ( the future Pope Paul III ) by Raphael , produced in 1509 - 11 .
Brigadier Gerard is the hero of a series of historical short stories by the British writer Arthur Conan Doyle .
The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is an American Saturday morning animated children 's television series produced by Walt Disney Television that ran from January 17 , 1988 to October 26 , 1991 , inspired by A. A. Milne 's Winnie - the - Pooh stories .
Democritus meditating on the seat of the soul ( Démocrite méditant sur le siège de l'âme ) is a statue by Léon - Alexandre Delhomme ( 1841 - -1895 ) , exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1868 .
El Condominio was a Puerto Rican television show produced by Sunshine Logroño for Televicentro Puerto Rico and Currently airs on reruns on Telemundo Puerto Rico .
Liu Bingzhang ( Chinese : 刘秉璋 ; Wade -- Giles : Liu Ping - chang ; May 20 , 1826 -- August 23 , 1905 ) was a Qing dynasty Chinese scholar - official and general .
Duško Tošić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душко Тошић ; born 19 January 1985 in Zrenjanin ) is a Serbian profesisonal footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Beşiktaş in the Süper Lig .
Bess Berman ( July 14 , 1902 - -August 8 , 1968 ) was an American record label executive .
Mark Mathabane ( born Johannes Mathabane , 18 October 1960 ) is a South African author , lecturer , and a former collegiate tennis player and college professor .
Sue Henry ( born 1940 ) is a writer of mystery thriller fiction .
Vera Michalski - Hoffmann ( born 5 November 1954 , in Basel ) is a Swiss publisher .
Jim Dunbar ( born 1929 in Dearborn , Michigan ) is an American radio program director , talk show host and news anchor who helped boost the ratings of KGO ( AM ) into to the top five with its unique news / talk format .
Sacha Modolo ( born 19 June 1987 ) is an Italian racing cyclist who rides for Lampre - Merida .
Zsuzsanna Szelényi ( born 6 October 1966 ) is a Hungarian psychologist and politician , Member of the Parliament ( MP ) from 1990 to 1994 ( Fidesz ) and since 2014 ( Together ) .
Simon Hawking ( born 5 March 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Sir William à Beckett ( 28 July 1806 -- 27 June 1869 ) was a British barrister and the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria .
Sir Hans Sloane , 1st Baronet , PRS ( 16 April 1660 -- 11 January 1753 ) was an Irish born British physician , naturalist and collector , notable for bequeathing his collection to the nation , thus providing the foundation of the British Museum .
Thomas Tomkinson ( 1631 - -1710 ) was an English Muggletonian writer born at Ilam , near Dovedale , in Staffordshire .
Sir Rhys Rhys - Williams , 1st Baronet DSO QC DL ( 20 October 1865 -- 29 January 1955 ) , born Rhys Williams , was a British Liberal Party politician from Wales .
William Merrigan Daly , Jr. , known to friends and colleagues as Bill Daly ( 1 September 1887 , in Cincinnati -- 3 December 1936 , in New York City ) , was a pianist , composer , songwriter , orchestrator , musical director and conductor .
Josef Larsson ( 12 October 1893 - 27 December 1987 ) was a Norwegian metal worker and trade unionist , born in Sweden .
Seymour Morris ( 15 February 1913 -- October 1991 ) was a Welsh international footballer who played as an outside left .
André Gingras ( 16 November 1966 -- 17 February 2013 ) was a Canadian contemporary dancer and one of the nation ' most influential choreographers in recent times .
Lou Reizner ( born Chicago 1934 , died London 26 June 1977 ) was a record producer , A&R executive and head of Mercury Records European operations .
Sophie Kerr ( 1880 - -1965 ) was a prolific writer of the early 20th century whose stories about smart , ambitious women mirrored her own evolution from small - town girl to successful career woman .
Charles Frederick Ferguson ( ca . 1833 -- September 29 , 1909 ) was an Ontario physician and political figure .
Sir Thomas Cockburn - Campbell , 4th Baronet ( 18 April 1845 -- 27 September 1892 ) was an English - born journalist and politician in Australia .
Israel Reichart ( Hebrew : ישראל רייכרט ) ( born 1891 ; died 1975 ) was Israeli agriculturist and biologist .
Archibald Armstrong ( died March 1672 ) , court jester , called `` Archy , '' was a native of Scotland or of Cumberland , and according to tradition first distinguished himself as a sheep - stealer ; afterwards he entered the service of James VI , with whom he became a favourite .
Juvenaly of Alaska ( 1761 - 1796 ) , Protomartyr of America , was a hieromartyr and member of the first group of Orthodox missionaries who came from the monastery of Valaam to evangelize the native inhabitants of Alaska .
Antoine de Févin ( ca . 1470 -- late 1511 or early 1512 ) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance .
Alice Angeline Johnson ( July 24 , 1912 -- November 1982 ) was a Hawaiian singer , composer , and member of the Royal Hawaiian Band .
Martin Bradley ( 1886 -- 1958 ) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside - right in the period before World War I.
Hervé IV of Donzy ( 1173 - - 22 January 1222 ) was a French nobleman and participant in the Fifth Crusade .
I. Valerian ( born Valeriu Ionescu ; August 1 , 1895 - -November 21 , 1980 ) was a Romanian writer and journalist .
Yosef Rom ( Hebrew : יוסף רום‎ , born Yosef Rabinovich on 2 September 1932 , died 19 November 1997 ) was an Israeli engineer and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1977 and 1984 .
Vincenzo Pucitta ( or Puccitta ) ( 17 February 1778 -- 20 December 1861 ) was a nineteenth - century Italian composer .
Thomas Winship ( 14 July 1890 -- 1976 ) , generally known as Tom or Tommy Winship , but also referred to as Wee Winship because of his small stature , was an English footballer who played as an outside left .
Hugh Boscawen , 1st Viscount Falmouth PC ( pronounced `` Boscowen '' ) ( /bɒsˈkoʊ.ən/ bos - KOH - ən ; ca . 1680 -- 25 October 1734 ) was a Cornish Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons for Cornish constituencies from 1702 until 1720 when he was raised to the peerage .
Patrick Brewster ( 20 December 1788 - 26 March 1859 ) , was a Scottish minister largely based in Paisley .
Saint Benedict Menni ( 11 March 1841 -- 24 April 1914 ) , born Angelo Ercole Menni Figini , was an Italian Roman Catholic priest .
Robert de Baudricourt ( ca . 1400 - 1454 ) , Seigneur de Baudricourt , Blaise , Buxy and Sorcy was a minor figure of 15th century French nobility .
King Seondeok of Silla ( died 785 ) ( r. 780 - -785 ) was the successor to King Hyegong and the 37th to rule the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Tudur ap Goronwy ( died 1367 ) was a Welsh nobleman and a member of the Tudor House of Penmynydd .
Indian Hannah ( Mrs. Hannah Freeman ) ( 1730 - -1802 ) was the last of the Lenni - Lenape Indians ( or Delawares ) in Chester County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Kathleen Annie Lansdell ( 1888 Durban - 3 April 1967 Pietermaritzburg ) , was a South African botanical artist .
Tiruchirapalli Krishnaswamy Ramamoorthy ( Tamil : திருச்சிராப்பள்ளி கிருஷ்ணசுவாமி இராமமூர்த்தி ; 15 May 1922 -- 17 April 2013 ) , known as T. K. Ramamoorthy ( Tamil : டி. கே. ராமமூர்த்தி ) , was a South Indian Tamil music composer and violinist .
Shahzada Barbak ( reigned : 1487 ) was the founder of the Habshi dynasty of Bengal kingdom .
Sir George Barne III ( c. 1532 - -1593 ) was a prominent merchant and public official from London during the reign of Elizabeth I , and the son of Sir George Barne II , and Alice Brooke .
Sophie Lykke ( d. 1570 ) , was a Danish county administrator , landholder and noble .
Jacques Bruyas ( 13 July 1635 -- 15 June 1712 ) was born in Lyon , France and entered the Jesuits as a novice in 1651 .
Grand Rabbi Yidele Horowitz ( 1905 - -1989 ) , popularly known as Reb Yidele , was the Rebbe of Dzikov , who spent his last years in London , England .
John Hay Whitney ( 17 August 1904 -- 8 February 1982 ) , colloquially known as Jock Whitney , was U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom , publisher of the New York Herald Tribune , and president of the Museum of Modern Art . He was a member of the Whitney family .
The Reverend Dr Thomas Batchcroft BA MA D.D. ( 1572 - 1662 ) was Master of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge .
Jože Javoršek was the pen name of Jože Brejc ( 20 October 1920 -- 2 September 1990 ) , a Slovenian playwright , writer , poet , translator and essayist .
George Stephen , 1st Baron Mount Stephen , Bt , GCVO ( 5 June 1829 -- 29 November 1921 ) , known as Sir George Stephen , Bt , between 1886 and 1891 , was a prominent Canadian businessman .
Ba Swe ( Burmese : ဘဆွေ , pronounced : ( ba̰ sʰwè ) ; 17 October 1915 -- 6 December 1987 ) was the second Premier of Burma .
William Penn Brown ( 1841 - -1929 ) , of New York City , was an early pioneer in the hobby of stamp collecting .
Vasant Ramji Khanolkar M.D. ( 13 April 1895 -- 29 October 1978 ) better known as V. R. Khanolkar was an eminent Indian Pathologist .
François de Gantès ( 1596 - 1679 ) was a French aristocrat , landowner and military commander .
The Right Reverend John Lonsdale ( 17 January 1788 -- 19 October 1867 ) was the third Principal of King 's College , London , and later served as Bishop of Lichfield .
Magdalena Hergert Becker ( 4 August 1878 , Ebenfeld , Kansas to 7 July 1938 , Indiahoma , Oklahoma ) was a pioneer missionary .
Ray Horwood ( 1 December 1927 -- 15 October 2009 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Theodor Horydczak , ( 1889 Lyck , Poland - 1971 Montgomery , Pennsylvania ) was an American photographer best known for his early photographs of the places and events of Washington , DC .
Kenneth Adie Ferguson ( 6 April 1921 -- 15 April 2011 ) was an Australian veterinary scientist .
John Rutty ( 1697 - -1775 ) was a Dublin Quaker physician and naturalist born in Melksham .
Johnny Martyn , born Johnny Martyn Booker ( 16 July 1934 , London , England - 19 March 2007 , Vancouver , British Columbia ) , was a musician and coffee bar manager .
Loir Botor Dingit ( d. 2005 ) was a rattan farmer and Paramount Chief from Indonesia .
Mimi Sverdrup Lunden ( 13 June 1894 -- 8 January 1955 ) was a Norwegian educator , non - fiction writer and proponent for women 's rights .
Eleanor Vere Boyle ( 1 May 1825 -- 29 July 1916 ) was an English artist and author of the Victorian era .
Anna Margareta Salmelin ( 1716 - -1789 ) , was a Finnish prisoner of war during the Russian occupation of Finland , Lesser Wrath .
Pehr Osbeck ( 1723 -- 23 December 1805 ) was a Swedish explorer , naturalist and an apostle of Carl Linnaeus .
Svetozar Vujković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светозар Вујковић ; 1899 - -1949 ) was a Serbian police officer who commanded the Banjica concentration camp during World War II . He was a high - ranking official in the pre - war Belgrade police and was involved in the persecution of communists in Yugoslavia during the interwar period .
Sir Walter Forrest ( July 1869 -- 18 July 1939 ) was a British Liberal , later Liberal National politician and businessman .
Cayetano Ripoll ( allegedly from Solsona 1778 -- Valencia 26 July 1826 ) was a schoolmaster in Valencia , Spain , who was executed for allegedly teaching deist principles .
Franz Ludwig Späth ( 25 February 1839 -- 2 February 1913 ) , was a German botanist and fifth manager of the Späth nursery from 1863 , when his father Ludwig Späth ( 1793 - -1883 ) retired , until his death , when the nursery passed to his own son Hellmut Ludwig Späth ( 1885 - -1945 ) .
Rolla Kent Beattie ( 1875 - -1960 ) was an American botanist and plant pathologist .
Richard Longfield , 1st Viscount Longueville ( 1734 - -1811 ) was an Irish Member of Parliament and later a peer .
William Borlase ( 2 February 1695 -- 31 August 1772 ) , Cornish antiquary , geologist and naturalist .
Nicholas Freeman ( 25 July 1939 - November 1989 ) , OBE ( 1985 ) was the Conservative Party leader of the London Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council in the United Kingdom from 1977 until 1989 ; he was also its Mayor in 1988 .
Charles Raymond Bell Mortimer ( 25 April 1895 -- 9 January 1980 ) , who wrote under the name Raymond Mortimer , was a British writer on art and literature , known mostly as a critic and literary editor .
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham ( 1787 -- 13 October 1847 ) was a British architect who pioneered the study of Medieval Gothic architecture .
After the death of Chhatar Singh in 1788 the entire Gohad area became a symbol of anarchy , plundering and killing for 18 years .
Giovanni Domenico Cignaroli ( 1722 - -1793 ) was an Italian painter of the Rococo and early Neoclassic period between 1744 up until his death in 1793 .
John Peter Russell ( 16 June 1858 -- 22 April 1930 ) was an Australian impressionist painter .
Fothad I ( † 963 ) is the second alleged Bishop of the Scots ( 906x955 ) .
Alfred Jonniaux ( 1882 - -1974 ) was a Belgian portrait painter who worked in London and the United States of America .
Paul - Émile Janson ( 30 May 1872 -- 3 March 1944 ) was a francophone Belgian liberal politician and Prime Minister ( 1937 - -1938 ) .
Jean Bontemps ( died 1572 ) was a French privateer .
Johannes Letzner ( 29 November 1531 -- 16 February 1613 ) was a Renaissance - era German Protestant priest and historian of Lower Saxony , in particular of Brunswick - Lüneburg .
Valentine Flood , M.D. ( died 1847 ) , was an Irish anatomist and physician who died of typhus while treating fever victims in County Tipperary during the Great Irish Famine .
Allan Douglas Davidson , R.B.A. , R.O.I. , R.M.S. ( 1873 - -1932 ) was an English painter who predominantly worked in oils and specialized in female nudes .
Guglielmo Janni ( born 1892 - died 1958 ) , was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the Scuola romana ( Roman School ) .
William S. Bennet II ( 30 April 1934 -- 24 November 2009 ) was an American business executive who introduced Yoplait single - serving yogurt to the United States .
Baha al - Din Sam I ( Persian : بهاء الدین سام ) , was the king of the Ghurid dynasty who reigned briefly in 1149 .
Hayam Wuruk , also called ( after 1350 ) Rajasanagara , Pa - ta - na - pa - na - wu , or Bhatara Prabhu , ( 1334 - -1389 ) , was a Javanese King from the Rajasa Dynasty and the fourth monarch of the Majapahit Empire .
Merrill Denison ( 23 June 1893 -- 13 June 1975 ) was a Canadian playwright .
August Jernberg ( 16 September 1826 -- 22 June 1896 ) was a Swedish artist who emigrated to Germany .
Arild Lenth ( 20 November 1904 -- 28 March 1972 ) was a Norwegian long jumper and triple jumper .
Arthur Percy Noyes , M.D. ( 1880 - 1963 ) was a psychiatric administrator and educator , and published a widely used psychiatric textbook .
Bill Weston ( 29 May 1941 - 25 March 2012 ) was a British stunt performer whose 40-year career includes credits for Saving Private Ryan , Titanic , Raiders of the Lost Ark and Batman Begins .
Alick Jeffrey ( 29 January 1939 -- 22 November 2000 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a striker .
Thomas O'Dea , Bishop of Clonfert and Bishop of Galway ( 7 January 1858 -- 9 April 1923 ) was born in Carron , Kilfenora , County Clare , and educated in Ennis and Maynooth .
Edmond L. DePatie ( 27 January 1900 -- 6 August 1966 ) was an American film industry executive .
David Remez ( Hebrew : דוד רמז‎ , born David Drabkin in 1886 , died 19 May 1951 ) was an Israeli politician , the country 's first Minister of Transportation , and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence .
Per Arne Bjerke ( 24 March 1952 -- 17 June 2015 ) was a Norwegian journalist , radio presenter and politician for the Labour Party .
Jean - Baptiste Cinéas ( 1895 - 1958 ) was a Haitian novelist and jurist .
William Alderman Linton ( 1891 - 1960 ) moved to Korea in 1912 and dedicated the rest of his life to serving and developing Korean society as a Presbyterian missionary and educator .
Shahzada Mirza Muhammad Salim Shah ( 1799 -- 8 September 1836 ) ( also known as Prince Mirza Salim Shah ) was a son of Mughal emperor Akbar II and his Empress Mumtaz un - Nissa Begum .
Margaret Stevenson ( c.1807 - 28 September 1874 ) was an English Australian , she was well known as a satirist and columnist in Adelaide where she wrote under the pseudonym ' A Colonist '
Samuel Bowtell ( born 7 December 1806 , Cambridge ; died May 1881 , Cambridge ) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club ( CTC ) and made his first - class debut in 1830 .
Hovhannes Imastaser ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Իմաստասեր , c. 1047 - -1129 ) , also known as Hovhannes Sarkavag ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Սարկավագ ) , was a medieval Armenian multi - disciplinary scholar known for his works on philosophy , theology , mathematics , cosmology , and literature .
Yehuda Kiel ( Hebrew : יהודה קיל ; born 1916 , died 16 June 2011 ) was an Israeli educator and Bible commentator .
Silvester Johnson ( October 14 , 1813 -- 1889 ) was a Kentucky merchant and a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives .
Charles Winston ( 10 March 1814 -- 3 October 1864 ) was an English historian of stained glass .
Max Aeberli ( date of birth unknown , died 2009 ) was a Swiss cyclist .
Ludwig Engel ( b. at Castle Wagrain , Austria ; d. at Grillenberg , 22 April 1694 ) was an Austrian Benedictine canon lawyer .
Juan Mateos ( Gibraltar , ? - i d . , 1594 ) was a wealthy inhabitant of Gibraltar during the Spanish period .
Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy ( 16th of November 1908 -- 8 November 1977 ) was an Indian film director and an early figure in the Telugu cinema .
Anne Steele ( 1717 -- 11 November , 1778 ) was an English Baptist and hymn writer .
Christiana Edmunds ( 3 October 1828 - -1907 ) was an English woman who , in the late 19th century , became known as The Chocolate Cream Poisoner after poisoning several people with strychnine in chocolate creams , killing one .
Samuel Crooke ( 1575 - 1649 ) was a seventeenth - century cleric of the Church of England and a noted preacher ; during the English Civil War he was a staunch supporter of the Parliamentary cause .
Yu Guozhen ( 俞國楨 , 1852 - -1932 ) was a pastor and the founder of an independent Chinese Christian organization , the China Christian Independent Church .
Daniel Goodman ( 20 May 1945 -- 14 November 2012 ) was an American professor specializing in the fields of ecology , population biology , and Bayesian statistics .
Rowland Pennington ( 1870 -- 1929 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackburn Rovers and Northwich Victoria .
Matija Duh ( 3 April 1989 -- 3 February 2013 ) was a Slovenian international motorcycle speedway rider .
William Critchlow Harris ( 30 April 1854 -- 16 July 1913 ) was an architect noted mainly for his ecclesiastical and domestic projects in Maritime Canada .
Captain James Duncan Campbell Longden ( referred to as Duncan Longden ) ( 1826 -- 18 June 1904 ) was a British army officer and politician in colonial Victoria ( Australia ) .
Bie Tingfang ( Chinese : 别廷芳 ; Pinyin : Bié Tíngfāng ; 1883 - -1940 ) was a Lieutenant - General in the National Revolutionary Army of China .
Henry Somerset , 5th Duke of Beaufort KG ( 16 October 1744 -- 11 October 1803 ) was the only son of Charles Noel Somerset , 4th Duke of Beaufort and his wife , Elizabeth Berkeley .
Ana Rosa Schlieper de Martínez Guerrero ( 15 August 1898 - 4 September 1964 ) was an Argentine feminist leader , philanthropist , and welfare worker .
Kumar Shri Indrajitsinhji Madhavsinhji ( pronunciation ) ( 15 June 1937 -- 12 March 2011 ) was an Indian cricketer who played in four Tests from 1964 to 1969 as a wicketkeeper - batsman .
Edwin G Lucas ( 30 March 1911 - 9 December 1990 ) was a Scottish Modernist artist .
Herbert Doddington ( died 1633 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1626 to 1629 .
Eric Boon ( 28 December 1919 -- 19 January 1981 ) was a champion British lightweight boxer .
Sultan Ali Ri'ayat Syah I , also known as Sultan Husain ( d. 8 June 1579 ) , was the fourth sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra .
Miguel del Barco ( 1706 - -1790 ) was a Jesuit missionary in Baja California , Mexico and wrote major contributions to the peninsula 's history and ethnography .
Armand Schwerner ( 1927 -- February 4 , 1999 ) was an avant - garde Jewish - American poet .
Igor Talankin ( Russian : И́горь Васи́льевич Тала́нкин ) ( 3 October 1927 -- 24 July 2010 ) was a Russian film director and screenwriter .
Kathleen Farrell ( 1912 - -1999 ) was a British novelist of the post--
Chin Gee Hee ( June 22 , 1844 -- 1929 ) , courtesy name Chàngtíng ( 暢庭 ) , Cheun Gee Yee , was a Chinese merchant , labor contractor , and railway entrepreneur , who made his fortune in Seattle , Washington before returning to his native village in Guangdong province , where he continued his successes .
Sir Bruce Lyttelton Richmond ( 12 January 1871 -- 1 October 1964 ) was a British editor and journalist who was the editor of the weekly literary review the Times Literary Supplement ( TLS ) for 35 years from a few months after its founding in 1902 , to his retirement in 1937 .
Thomas Powell Symonds ( 1762 -- 19 August 1819 ) was Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Hereford 1800 to 1819 , and lieutenant colonel of the South Gloucester Militia .
Abraham Maskileison ( 1788 - -1848 ) was a Jewish scholar , rabbi and author active in Russia during the first half of the 19th century .
Laurence Gillooly ( 12 May 1819 - -15 Jan 1895 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1858 to 1895 .
Sir Edward Ridley PC QC / KC ( August 1843 - 14 October 1928 ) was a British barrister , judge and Conservative Politician , MP for South Northumberland from 1878 - -80 .
Michiel Jansz van Middelhoven ( 1562 - -1638 ) , was a Dutch theologian best known today for his portrait by Frans Hals .
Henry Card ( 1779 - -1844 ) was an English cleric and writer .
Henry O. Studley ( 1838 - 1925 ) was an organ and piano maker , carpenter , and Mason who worked for the Smith Organ Co. , and later for the Poole Piano Company of Quincy , Massachusetts .
Stanisław Chodecki ( z Chodcza - of Chodecz ) of Ogończyk coat of arms ( died 1529 ) was a Polish military commander ( hetman ) from 1492 to 1499 and 1501 to 1505 and also a marshal .
Walter Gardiner , FLS , FRS ( 1 September 1859 -- 31 August 1941 ) was a British botanist .
Vinko Jelić ( 1596 - after 22 July 1636 ) was a Croatian - born baroque composer , singer and musician .
Maryam Goumbassian ( Armenian : Մարիամ Գումբասյան ( Ծաղիկյան ) ; 1831 in Constantinople - 1909 ) was an Ottoman Armenian actress .
Forbes George Vernon ( 21 August 1843 -- 20 January 1911 ) , Lieutenant ( ret . )
Kenford Keith Ian Walwyn ( 17 February 1956 -- 15 April 2003 ) , more commonly known as Keith Walwyn , was a Kittitian footballer who played as a striker .
Pegaret Anthony ( 1 November 1915 -- 25 May 2000 ) was an English artist and lecturer in historical costume and theatre history best known for her watercolour paintings of war workers during the Second World War .
Guru Angad ( 31 March 1504 -- 28 March 1552 ) was the second of the ten Sikh Gurus .
John I de la Roche ( died 1280 ) succeeded his father , Guy I , as Duke of Athens in 1263 .
Beresford Egan ( 1905 - 1984 ) was a satirical draughtsman , painter , novelist and playwright .
Claude de Beauharnois de Beaumont et de Villechauve ( 22 September 1674 -- 17 January 1738 ) was a French naval officer from a prominent French family with significant connections to the history of New France .
Honorius Augustodunensis ( 1080 - 1154 ) , commonly known as Honorius of Autun , was a very popular 12th - century Christian theologian who wrote prolifically on many subjects .
Lawrence Pearsall Jacks ( 9 October 1860 -- 17 February 1955 ) , abbreviated L. P. Jacks was an English educator , philosopher , and Unitarian minister who rose to prominence in the period from World War I to World War II .
Ragnvald Hvoslef ( 19 September 1872 , Oslo -- 8 August 1944 ) was a Norwegian councillor of state in the Nasjonal Samling ( NS ) government of Vidkun Quisling , 1940 .
Trevor Storer ( 11 July 1930 -- 31 July 2013 ) was a British businessman and founder of the Pukka Pies company in 1963 , which was originally called Trevor Storer 's Home Made Pies .
Leonhard Drach ( 9 March 1903 -- 12 January 1996 ) was a German jurist and convicted war criminal .
Johann William , Count of Erbach - Fürstenau ( 13 February 1707 -- 1 August 1742 ) , was a member of the German House of Erbach who held the fiefs of Fürstenau , Michelstadt and Breuberg .
Edward Everett Nourse , D.D. ( December 24 , 1863 -- April 30 , 1929 ) was an American Congregational theologian .
Victor Le Bouthillier de Chavigny ( 1590 - 1670 ) was a French politician and clergyman .
Elsa Kazi ( 1884 - -1967 ) , commonly known as `` Mother EIsa '' , particularly in the Sindh province of Pakistan was a German writer of one - act plays , short stories , novels and history , and a poet .
George Lambton ( 23 December 1860 - 23 July 1945 ) was a British thoroughbred racehorse trainer .
Judith Trim ( 11 October 1943 -- 9 January 2001 ) was an English studio potter .
Charles William Bardeen ( 1847 - -1924 ) was an American educator and publisher .
Thomas de Grey , 2nd Baron Walsingham PC ( 14 July 1748 -- 16 January 1818 ) , was a British peer and politician .
Dr. Robert Thoroton ( 4 October 1623 -- c. 21 November 1678 ) was an English antiquary , mainly remembered for his county history , The Antiquities of Nottinghamshire ( 1677 ) .
Adele Bloesch - Stöcker ( 12 June 1875 - 10 September 1978 ) was a Swiss - German violinist and composer .
Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus , born 1894 in Toeban , Java - died April 21 , 1951 in Bandung , Java was a Java born , Dutch nationality lepidopterist .
Zhan Ruoshui ( Chinese : 湛若水 ; pinyin : Zhàn Ruòshuǐ ; Wade -- Giles : Chan Joshui , 1466 - -1560 ) , was a Chinese philosopher , educator and a Confucian scholar .
Thomas Holland , 1st Duke of Surrey , 3rd Earl of Kent , 4th Baron Holland , KG , Earl Marshal ( 1374 -- 7 January 1400 ) was an English nobleman .
Sir William Butts ( c. 1486 -- 22 November 1545 ) was a member of King Henry VIII of England 's court and served as the King 's physician .
Richard Kenward ( 23 May 1875 - 24 December 1957 ) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Derbyshire in 1899 and for Sussex in 1902 .
Don Francisco de Sandoval Acacitzin tlatquic teuctli was the tlatoani ( ruler ) of the altepetl of Itzcahuacan , Tlalmanalco , Chalco , from 1521 until his death in 1554 .
Ernest Radcliffe Bond , OBE , QPM , ( 1 March 1919 -- 20 November 2003 ) , also called Commander X , was a British soldier , and later policeman famous for his service in the Metropolitan Police Service .
John Grayle or Graile ( 1614 - -1654 ) was an English Puritan minister .
Janja Kantakouzenos ( Serbian : Јања Кантакузиновић ; after 1435 -- September 1477 ) was a nobleman from the mine town of Novo Brdo ( then Serbian Despotate ) who had economic deals in the mining industry with the Ottoman Empire after their conquest of Serbia .
Major Nigel Harvie Bennett ( 23 September 1913 -- 26 July 2008 ) was an English cricketer .
Captain Juan de Ampudia ( died 1541 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador .
Homi Wadia ( 22 May 1911 -- 10 December 2004 ) was an Indian film director and producer in Bollywood ( Hindi cinema ) .
Henry Dunne ( 21 February 1872 -- 7 October 1959 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Josiah Boothby CMG ( 1837 - -1916 ) was a public administrator in the colony of South Australia .
Edmund Roberts Larken ( 1809 - -1895 ) was an English cleric and Christian Socialist , a patron of radical causes and author on social matters .
Andrzej Nadolski ( 26 November 1921 , Kraków -- 24 December 1993 , Łódź ) was a Polish historian , specializing in Polish military history , an archaeologist , and professor .
Major Edgar O'Ballance ( 17 July 1918 , Dublin , Ireland -- 8 July 2009 , Wakebridge , Derbyshire , England ) was a British military journalist , researcher , defence commentator and academic lecturer specialising in international relations and defence problems .
Khemchand Prakash ; 12 December 1907 - 10 August 1950 ) was a music composer in Hindi film industry .
Jetsunma Tamdrin Wangmo Kelzang Chokyi Nyima ( 1836 - -1896 ) was a Tibetan Buddhist teacher and vajramaster .
Wigger I ( died 981 ) was the father of a line of counts ruling from his new castle of Bilstein , west of Albungen ( today part of Eschwege ) to the Werra .
Frank Morton ( 12 May 1869 -- 15 December 1923 ) was a journalist and poet , active in Australia .
Salvator Tongiorgi ( 25 December 1820 - 12 November 1865 ) was an Italian Jesuit philosopher and theologian .
The Most Reverend Gabriel O'Kelly ( died 4 August 1731 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1718 to 1731 .
Mladen Dražetin ( Cyrillic : Младен Дражетин , 3 March 1951 , Novi Sad -- 23 July 2015 , Novi Sad ) was a doctor of social sciences , Serbian intellectual , economist , theatrical creator , poet , writer and philosopher .
Paul Reynard ( 3 October 1927 -- 28 October 2005 ) was an artist , art teacher , Gurdjieff movements instructor , and co - president of the Gurdjieff Foundation of New York .
Ernst Geissler ( 3 August 1915 in Chemnitz , Saxony , Germany -- 3 June 1989 in Huntsville , Alabama , United States ) was a German - American aerospace engineer .
Orhan Boran ( 30 June 1928 -- 26 May 2012 ) was a Turkish radio and TV host and actor .
Gustav von der Mülbe ( 11 December 1831 -- 12 February 1917 ) was a Prussian Generalleutnant .
Jean - Henri d'Anglebert ( baptized 1 April 1629 -- 23 April 1691 ) was a French composer , harpsichordist and organist .
John Edward Thompson ( 1882 -- 1945 ) was an American painter and university professor who is credited with introducing modern art to Denver , Colorado in 1918 , much to the chagrin of local critics .
Gwisil Boksin ( died 663 ) was a military general of the Korean kingdom of Baekje .
Anne - Claude Leflaive ( 17 January 1956 - 5 April 2015 ) was a French winemaker and pioneer in `` biodynamic '' viticulture .
William Perault , ( c. 1190 -- 1271 ) also spelled Perauld ;
Birillus ( died 90 AD ) of Antioch was an early Christian saint .
Philip , Duke of Mecklenburg , sometimes called Philip I ( 12 September 1514 - 4 January 1557 ) was a Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin .
Eynon Evans also known as E. Eynon Rees ( 18 May 1904 -- 1989 ) was a Welsh writer and film actor of the 1950s , mainly known for his radio and television work .
Dr Herman Shaw ( 1892 -- 4 May 1950 ) was a British geophysicist who was Director of the Science Museum in London , England .
Eugène Boré ( 1809 -- 1878 ) was a leading missionary and linguist .
Esther Brann ( July 21 , 1899 -- January 9 , 1998 ) was an American children 's author and illustrator .
Thomas de Camville ( died 1235 ) was a minor English nobleman and judge .
Raoul of Saint Omer or Raoul of Tiberias ( died 1220 ) was briefly Prince of Galilee and twice Seneschal of Jerusalem in the Crusader states in Palestine .
Sebastian Haag ( 23 May 1978 -- 24 September 2014 ) was a German extreme ski mountaineer and extreme skier .
Lionel Charles Hopkins or L. C. Hopkins ( 1854 - 1952 ) was a British Sinologist noted for his study of the Chinese language .
Beatrice Ensor ( 1885 - -1974 ) was an English theosophical educationist , pedagogue , co - founder of the New Education Fellowship ( later World Education Fellowship ) and editor of the journal Education for the New Era .
Charles Cornwallis , 2nd Baron Cornwallis of Eye ( 1632 -- 13 April 1673 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1662 when he inherited the peerage as Baron Cornwallis ..
Mahmud Hisham al - Hennawi ( محمود هشام محمد مصطفى الحناوي ) , also known by his kunya Abu Sahl , was an Islamic militant with ties to the Egyptian Islamic Jihad who was killed in Chechnya in 2005 .
Domenico Giacinto Fontana ( 1692 -- 1739 ) , also known as `` Farfallino '' , was an Italian castrato singer active primarily in Rome from 1712 to 1736 .
Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al - Madhara'i ( died 884 ) , surnamed al - Atrash ( `` the Deaf '' ) , was the founder of the al - Madhara'i family of fiscal bureaucrats .
John Chardon ( also Charden , Charldon and Charlton ) ( died 1601 ) was an Englishman who became the Church of Ireland bishop of Down and Connor from 1596 to 1601 .
Susannah Harrison ( 1752 - 1784 ) was an English working - class religious poet .
Marcus Antistius Labeo ( d. 10 or 11 AD ) was an Ancient Roman jurist of the gens Antistia .
Sir Daniel Ford Goddard PC ( 17 January 1850 -- 6 May 1922 ) was a British civil engineer , businessman and Liberal Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Ipswich from 1895 to 1918 .
Louis Gantois ( November 15 , 1929 -- 2011 ) was a French sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1950s .
James Begbie FRSE FRCPE FRCSE ( October 1798 , Edinburgh -- 26 August 1869 , Edinburgh ) was a Scottish medical doctor who served as president of the Medico - Chirurgical Society of Edinburgh ( 1850 - -2 ) and as president of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh ( 1854 - -6 ) .
Botulf Botulfsson ( died April 1311 ) , from Gottröra , Uppland , was a Swedish man burned at the stake for heresy .
Walter S. Johnson ( 1884 - -1978 ) was a notable businessman and philanthropist in San Francisco , California .
Charles M. Bair ( 1857 -- 1943 ) was an early railroading businessman who also became one of the largest sheep ranchers in the United States .
Charles Howard Carter ( 1927 - 1990 ) was professor of History at Tulane University from 1963 to 1990 .
Alfred Lubbock ( 31 October 1845 -- 17 July 1916 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Kent and the Marylebone Cricket Club between 1863 and 1875 .
Herbert Henry Gowen ( 1864 - -1960 ) was an Anglican missionary and Orientalist .
Edmund Hickeringill ( 1631 - -1708 ) was an English churchman who lived during the period of the Commonwealth and the Restoration .
Giovanni Pontiero ( 10 February 1932 - 10 February 1996 ) was a British scholar and translator of Portuguese fiction , most notably the works of José Saramago .
Christian Haren ( February 1 , 1935 -- February 27 , 1996 ) was an American actor , model and community activist .
James Dixon Boyd ( 29 September 1907 -- 7 February 1968 ) was an Irish - American Professor of Anatomy , Cambridge University from 1951 until his death and a Fellow of Clare College , Cambridge .
He was consecrated as Mar Thoma V. On 24 March 1728 Mar Thoma IV died and was laid to rest at Kandanad Palli ( Kandanad Martha Mariam Syriac Orthodox Church ) .
Lieutenant - Colonel William Osborne Smith ( 1833 -- 11 May 1887 ) served as the first Acting Commissioner of the North - West Mounted Police , from 25 September to 17 October 1873 .
Akiva Govrin ( Hebrew : עקיבא גוברין‎ , born 12 August 1902 , died 26 June 1980 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister between December 1963 and January 1966 , and was the country 's first Minister of Tourism .
Pietro Guarienti ( c. 1700 - -1765 ) was an Italian painter and art - biographer of the late - Baroque period , active mainly in Bologna .
Minamoto no Yoshitsuna ( 源 義綱 ) ( c. 1042 -- 1134 ) , also called Kamo Jirō ( 鴨 次郎 ) , was a samurai of the Minamoto clan , and brother of Minamoto no Yoshiie .
William Fraser , 12th Lord Saltoun ( 1654 - -1715 ) , was a Scottish peer and the 11th Laird of Philorth .
Kim Seong - il ( Hangul : 김성일 ; 1538 - -1593 ) was a Joseon Dynasty politician .
Anne Cobden - Sanderson or Julia Sarah Anne Cobden ( 26 March 1853 -- 2 November 1926 ) was a British socialist and suffragette .
Alphonse Chapanis ( 1917 - -2002 ) was a pioneer in the field of industrial design , and is widely considered one of the fathers of ergonomics or human factors - the science of ensuring that design takes account of human characteristics .
Erasmus Earle ( 15 September 1590 -- 10 September 1667 ) was an English lawyer and politician , who became sergeant - at - law to Oliver Cromwell .
Horatio Hathaway ( 1831 - 1898 ) was a New England industrialist , politician , and philanthropist and namesake of Berkshire Hathaway .
Robert Bertie , 3rd Earl of Lindsey PC FRS ( 8 November 1630 - 8 May 1701 ) , styled Lord Willoughby de Eresby from 1642 to 1666 , was an English nobleman .
Henryk Hechtkopf ( Hebrew : הנריק הכטקופף‎ ; April 4 , 1910 -- July 2004 ) was an artist , painter , and illustrator .
Jack Haw ( 27 December 1902 -- 29 April 1975 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giovanni Battista Cirri ( 1 October 1724 -- 11 June 1808 ) was an Italian cellist and composer in the 18th century .
Edmund Freke ( also spelled Freake or Freak ; c. 1516 - -1591 ) was an English dean and bishop .
Mike the Headless Chicken ( April 1945 -- March 1947 ) , also known as Miracle Mike , was a Wyandotte chicken that lived for 18 months after his head had been cut off .
Khalid ibn Abi Habib al - Fihri ( ? -October , 740 ) was an Arab military commander in North Africa during the Berber Revolt , who led the Arab army that was defeated at the Battle of the Nobles in late 740 .
Vince Taylor ( 14 July 1939 -- 28 August 1991 ) , born Brian Maurice Holden , was a British rock and roll singer .
Ethel Anderson ( née Campbell ) ( 16 March 1883 -- 4 August 1958 ) was an early twentieth century Australian poet , essayist , novelist and painter .
Nini Haslund Gleditsch ( 22 June 1908 -- 25 July 1996 ) was a Norwegian political activist and advocate for peace .
Liuvigild , Leuvigild , Leovigild ( Gothic : Liubagilds ) , or Leovigildo ( Spanish and Portuguese ) , ( c. 519 -- 21 April 586 ) was a Visigothic King of Hispania and Septimania from 568 to April 21 , 586 .
Thomas Grey , Lord Grey of Groby ( c. 1623 - -1657 ) , was an elected Member of Parliament for Leicester during the English Long Parliament , an active member of the Parliamentary party and a regicide .
Spencer Compton , 1st Earl of Wilmington KG KB PC ( ca 1673 -- 2 July 1743 ) was a British Whig statesman who served continuously in government from 1715 until his death .
Joost Berman ( 9 January 1793 -- 18 March 1855 ) was a Dutch lawyer , judge , poet , nonfiction writer , and editor .
Lord Walter Bagenal ( 1670 - -1745 ) was a member of the prominent Bagenal family , who resided in Dunleckney Manor in County Carlow , Ireland .
Lars Johan Hierta ( 22 January 1801 -- 20 November 1872 ) was a Swedish newspaper publisher , social critic , businessman and politician .
Stanley Mullen ( June 20 , 1911 -- 1974 ) was an American artist , short story writer , novelist and publisher .
Hugh Fernando ( died 1993 ) was a Sri Lankan politician .
Sengrui ( 僧睿 ; 371 - -438 AD ) was a Buddhist monk and scholar .
Henry I , Count of Tecklenburg ( c. 1115 -- 22 November 1156 ) was a German nobleman .
Bohumil Honzátko ( 30 December 1875 -- 12 December 1950 ) was a Czech gymnast and long - distance runner .
James Tuchet , 5th Baron Audley , 2nd Baron Tuchet ( c. 1398 - -1459 ) was an English peer .
James Hadfield or Hatfield ( 1771/1772 -- 23 January 1841 ) attempted to assassinate George III of the United Kingdom in 1800 but was acquitted of attempted murder by reason of insanity .
Hugh Miller ( 10 October 1802 -- 23/24 December 1856 ) was a self - taught Scottish geologist and writer , folklorist and an evangelical Christian .
Nehemiah Grew ( 26 September 1641 -- 25 March 1712 ) was an English plant anatomist and physiologist , known as the `` Father of Plant Anatomy '' .
Lorne Earl Blanchard ( June 6 , 1883 -- 1967 ) was an American - born machinist and political figure in Saskatchewan .
John Cayo Evans ( 1 March 1879 -- 8 March 1958 ) was a Welsh mathematician and academic .
James Worsdale ( c. 1692 -- 10 June 1767 ) was an Irish and English portrait painter , actor , literary fraud , and libertine whose lively conversation , wittiness , and boldness allowed him to move among the highest circles of literary life .
Peng Jiamu ( simplified Chinese : 彭加木 ; pinyin : Péng Jiāmù , 1925 - -1980 ) was a Chinese biochemist and explorer .
Rabbi Avraham Shlomo Zalman Zoref ( 1786 - 1851 ) , born in Kėdainiai , was one of the first pioneers who rebuilt the Ashkenazi Jewish community in Jerusalem in the beginning of the 19th century and the first recorded victim of the Arab terror in Israel .
Stjepan Kovačević ( Hungarian : István Kovacsevics ; 1841 -- 25 April 1913 ) was a Croatian politician , who served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs between 1905 and 1906 .
Andrzej Jastrzębiec , also known as Andrzej Wasilko or Andrzej Polak , ( died 1398 ) was a Polish Catholic priest and diplomat , a first bishop of Seret and of Vilnius .
Wesley Newcomb ( 1818 - -1892 ) was an American physician and a malacologist who specialized in land snails .
Sanford H. Roth ( 1906 - -1962 ) was an internationally known photographer whose work has appeared in Time , Life , Look , Fortune , Paris Match , Elle , Der Stern , Harper 's Bazaar , Vogue , Oggi , People , and other publications .
Jean - Claude Verpilleux ( 2 May 1798 - 13 October 1875 ) was a French mine laborer who became a leading engineer , manufacturer and inventor .
Abdulkadir Dheel ( Somali : Cabdulqaadir Dheel , Arabic : عبد القادر ديل‎ ) ( d. 3 July 1972 ) was a prominent Somali military figure .
Meem Hay Latifi ( Urdu : محمد حسن لطیفی ) ( b. 11 December 1905 -- 23 May 1959 ) was a renowned poet and journalist of Urdu .
Traute Foresti ( 15 March 1915 in Payerbach -- 3 April 2015 in Vienna ) was an Austrian poet and actress .
Eduard Heinrich Graeffe or Gräffe ( 27 December 1833 , Zurich -- 23 April 1916 Ljubljana ) was a Swiss zoologist and naturalist .
William Hay , 17th Earl of Erroll ( 12 March 1772 -- 26 January 1819 ) , known as Lord Hay until 1778 , was a Scottish peer .
Wolfgang Heyda ( 14 November 1913 -- 21 August 1947 ) was a German U - boat commander during World War II .
Katharine Lambert Richards Rockwell ( 1891 - 1972 ) was an American theologian , writer , and professor .
Virupaksha Raya ( 1404 - -1405 CE ) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire .
Margaret Irving Handy ( 1889 - 1977 ) was a pioneering doctor who was one of the first to specialize in pediatric medicine .
Prince Jan Lubomirski ( died 1736 ) was a Polish szlachcic .
Vladimir Yazdovsky ( 1913 - -1999 ) was a Soviet space program medical scientist .
Francis Cleyn ( or Francesco Cleyn or Clein ; also Frantz or Franz Klein ) ( c. 1582 -- 1658 ) was a German - born painter and tapestry designer who lived and worked in England .
Dr Honoria Somerville Keer , MBChB ( 26 December 1883 -- 20 March 1969 ) was a British surgeon during World War I , where she served as Assistant Medical Officer with the Girton and Newnham Unit of the Scottish Women 's Hospital for Foreign Service .
Sir Thomas Chaworth ( died 1459 ) was an English landowner and Member of Parliament .
Francesco Calcagno ( 1528 - 1550 ) was a young Franciscan friar famously executed for blasphemy and sodomy by the Venetian Inquisition .
Edmund Warwick ( 15 July 1907 -- 21 December 1989 ) was a British actor who appeared in various television programmes .
Edward Waddington ( 1670?--1731 ) was an English prelate , bishop of Chichester from 1724 to 1731 .
Ralph Swillington ( died 1525 ) was Recorder of Coventry and Attorney General to Henry VIII . Swillington was Attorney General for the short period of time between 1524 and his death in the following year .
Manès Sperber ( 12 December 1905 -- 5 February 1984 ) was an Austrian - French novelist , essayist and psychologist .
Naser Beadini ( 20 May 1962 -- 16 January 1992 ) was a football forward who played for clubs in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Otto Casmann ( 1562 - 1 August 1607 ) ( also known by the Latinized name Casmannus ) was a German humanist who converted from Catholicism to Protestantism as a young man .
Renaat Bosschaert ( 1938 - -2007 ) was a Belgian artist working in painting , graphic arts , sculpture , ceramic arts , engraving and printmaking .
William Henry Hurlbert ( July 3 , 1827 - -September 4 , 1895 ) was an American journalist and author of `` The Diary of a Public Man , '' published in the North American Review in 1879 .
Helen Messinger Murdoch ( 1862 - -1956 ) was an American photographer who pioneered the use of Autochromes in travel photography .
George Sturt ( 1863 - 1927 ) , who also wrote under the pseudonym George Bourne , was an English writer on rural crafts and affairs .
Sir Francis Leke , 1st Baronet ( 1627 - October 1679 ) was an English soldier , administrator and Member of Parliament .
Jarava Lal Mehta ( 1912 -- 11 July 1988 ) was an Indian philosopher , an expert on the philosophy of Martin Heidegger .
Julio García Nakpil ( born Julio Nakpil y García ; 22 May 1867 -- 2 November 1960 ) was a Filipino musician , composer and a General during the Philippine Revolution against Spain .
Brigadier Harry Kenneth Dimoline CBE MBE DSO TD CPM ( 6 September ? 1903 - -15 November 1972 ) was an artillery officer in the British and British Indian Armies during World War II .
John Weldon ( 6 September 1890 -- 4 February 1963 ; alternatively `` A. E. Weldon '' ) , known by his pen- and stage - name Brinsley MacNamara , was an Irish writer , playwright , and the registrar of the National Gallery of Ireland .
Martin Finn ( 22 August 1917 -- 7 March 1988 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician , farmer and auctioneer .
Lord Anne Hamilton ( 12 October 1709 -- 25 December 1748 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Walter Suffield ( died 19 May 1257 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
Natko Nodilo ( 31 August 1834 , Split -- 21 May 1912 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian politician , historian , publicist , university professor and rector of the University of Zagreb .
Sir Edward Astley , 4th Baronet ( 26 December 1729 -- 27 March 1802 ) was a British politician .
Nathaniel Wells ( 10 September 1779 -- 13 May 1852 ) , was the son of a Welsh merchant and a black slave .
Gwili Andre ( 4 February 1908 -- 5 February 1959 ) was a Danish model and actress who had a brief career in Hollywood films .
Vincenzo Manenti ( also known as Vincenzio Manenti ) ( c. 1600 - 1674 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
William Gurnall ( 1616 -- 12 October 1679 ) was an English author and clergyman born at King 's Lynn , Norfolk , where he was baptised on 17 November 1616 .
Fujiwara no Narichika ( 藤原 成親 ) ( 1138 - -1178 ) was a Japanese court noble who took part in a plot against the Taira clan 's dominance of the Imperial court .
Sir Anthony Shirley , 1st Baronet ( 1624 - June 1683 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1654 and 1659 .
Abdelmajid Benjelloun ( 1919 - -1981 ) was a novelist , journalist and ambassador from Morocco .
Carlo Troya ( also spelled Troja ; 7 June 1784 -- 28 July 1858 ) was a historian and politician who served as Prime Minister of the Two Sicilies from 3 April 1848 until 15 May 1848 .
Hans - Georg Bohle ( 3 March 1948 -- 20 September 2014 ) was a German geographer and international development researcher .
Saint Macrina the Elder ( before 270 -- c. 340 ) was the mother of Saint Basil the Elder , and the grandmother of Basil the Great , Saint Gregory of Nyssa , Saint Peter of Sebaste , and Saint Macrina the Younger .
Eliza Lucas Pinckney ( December 28 , 1722 - -1793 ) changed agriculture in colonial South Carolina , where she developed indigo as one of its most important cash crops .
Samuel Abraham Marx ( August 27 , 1885 - January 1964 ) was an American architect , designer and interior decorator .
Nils Abraham Langlet ( 9 July 1868 - 30 March 1936 ; known by his second given name ) was a Swedish chemist .
Linnaeus Tripe ( 14 April 1822 -- 2 March 1902 ) was a British photographer , best known for his photographs of India and Burma taken in the 1850s .
Marinus of Tyre ( Greek : Μαρῖνος ὁ Τύριος , Marînos o Týrios ; c. AD 70 - -130 ) was a Greek or Hellenized geographer , cartographer and mathematician , who founded mathematical geography and provided the underpinnings of Claudius Ptolemy 's influential Geography .
Margrethe Marie Thomasine Numsen , née Ingenhaef(f ) ( 8 March 1705 -8 October 1776 ) , was a politically active Danish courtier .
Randle Wilbraham Falconer ( 1816 -- 6 May 1881 ) was a British medical writer .
Antonio Gragnani ( 1740 - -1794 ) was an Italian violin maker .
Kathleen Hamilton , Duchess of Abercorn , DCVO ( 8 July 1905 -- 2 February 1990 ) was Mistress of the Robes to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother from 1964 to her death in 1990 .
Saints Cyrion and Candidus ( d. 320 AD ) are ethnic Armenian saints .
Ímar ua Ímair ( Old Norse : Ívarr , died 904 ) was a Norse or Norse - Gaelic King of Dublin .
Sir John Pryce , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1596 - -ca . 1657 ) , sometimes also spelt Price , was an Anglo - Welsh Baronet and Member of Parliament .
Jacob Osgood ( 16 March 1777 -- 29 November 1844 ) was the founder of a 19th - century Christian sect in New Hampshire known as the Osgoodites .
Alice Auma ( 1956 -- 17 January 2007 ) was an Acholi spirit - medium who , as the head of the Holy Spirit Movement , led a millennial rebellion against the Ugandan government forces of President Yoweri Museveni from August 1986 until November 1987 .
Edward Dalton Marchant ( 1806 - 1887 ) , also known as Edward D. Marchant and E. D. Marchant , was an American artist .
Charles Gargotta , also known as `` Mad Dog '' , ( 1900 - -1950 ) was a Kansas City , Missouri gangster who became a top enforcer for the Kansas City crime family .
Charlie Tyson ( 14 November 1897 - 23 September 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League during the 1920s .
Nicholas Grimald ( or Grimoald ) ( 1519 - -1562 ) was an English poet and dramatist .
William Walls ( 2 August 1819 -- 27 September 1893 ) was a Scottish lawyer , industrialist and Dean of Guild of Glasgow .
Donald E. Worcester ( 1915 - 2003 ) was an American historian who specialized in Southwestern United States and Latin American history .
Roger Baynes ( 1546 - -1623 ) was secretary to Cardinal Allen and an author .
Christopher Anstey ( 31 October 1724 -- 3 August 1805 ) was an English poet who also wrote in Latin .
Robert Hugh Martin ( 1896 -- 14 March 1918 ) was a British soldier who is perhaps the only known soldier to receive heart surgery during World War I. On 14 November 1917 Trooper Martin was wounded in the Salonika Campaign when he was shot by a Bulgarian soldier .
John Bowyer Nichols ( 1779 - -1863 ) was an English printer and antiquary .
Bernard John McQuaid ( New York City , 15 December 1823 -- Rochester , New York , 18 January 1909 ) was an American Catholic priest , the first Bishop of Rochester , U.S.A. and the first president of Seton Hall University .
Gilbert de Greenlaw ( 1354 - -1421 ) was a medieval Bishop of Aberdeen and Bishop - elect of St. Andrews .
Sir William Lionel Fraser CMG ( 1895 -- 2 January 1965 ) was a British banker and self - made millionaire .
Ole Konrad Ribsskog ( 8 December 1886 -- 26 January 1941 ) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Labour and the Social Democratic Labour parties .
Mildred Sanderson ( 1889 - 1914 ) was an American mathematician , best known for her mathematical theorem concerning modular invariants .
John Francillon ( 1744 - -1816 ) was a jeweler and lapidary , an English naturalist and an entomologist of Huguenot descent .
Ernst - Günther Schenck ( 3 October 1904 -- 21 December 1998 ) was a German Obersturmbannführer ( lieutenant - colonel ) and doctor who joined the SS in 1933 .
Richard Longe ( died 1650 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1642 .
Per Ivarson Undi ( 1803 -- 28 July 1860 ) , also known as Peter Iverson , was an early Norwegian - American homesteader in Wisconsin Territory .
Arsalan Pouria ( Persian : ارسلان پوریا‎ ) ( 1930 - 4 June 1994 ) was an Iranian poet and playwright who believed in archaism .
Adolph Lippe ( 11 May 1812 near Goerlitz , Prussia -- 23 January 1888 in Philadelphia ) was a homeopathic physician who worked in the United States .
Antonino Grano ( 1660 - -1718 ) was an Italian painter and engraver , principally active in Sicily .
Pietro Farnese , also called Piero de Farneto or Petruccio di Cola ( c. 1310 -- 20 June 1363 ) was an Italian condottiero .
Vittorio Arrigoni ( 4 February 1975 -- 15 April 2011 ) was an Italian reporter , writer , pacifist and activist .
Helmut Braunlich ( born 19 May 1929 in Brünn , Moravia ; d. 24 May 2013 ) was a German - American violinist , composer , and musicologist .
Bogdan Saltanov ( Russian : Богдан Салтанов ; 1630s -- 1703 ) , also known as Ivan Ievlevich Saltanov , was a Persian - born Armenian painter at the court of Alexis I of Russia and his successors .
Max Howell ( 26 December 1921 -- 3 October 2012 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Wing Commander Walter Gibb DSO , DFC ( 26 March 1919 at Port Talbot , Wales -- 4 October 2006 ) was a flying ace and a British test pilot who twice held the world altitude record .
Thomas Benbow Phillips ( 14 February 1828 - 30 January 1915 ) was a pioneer of the Welsh settlements in Brazil and , more successfully , Patagonia during the 19th century .
Kim Chung - seon ( 1571 - -1642 ) , born name Sayaka ( 沙也可 ) and often known by his pen name Mohadang , was a Japanese general who defected to Korea during the Japanese invasion .
Thomas Darbyshire ( 1518 - -1604 ) was an English churchman and Jesuit .
Alexandre Biyidi Awala ( 30 June 1932 -- 8 October 2001 ) , known as Mongo Beti or Eza Boto , was a Cameroonian writer .
Abdullah Abdul Latif Al Othman ( Arabic : عبدالله عبد اللطيف العثمان‎ ) ( 1895 -- 1965 ) was a Kuwaiti businessman who was amongst the first to live in Hawalli .
Ion Oblemenco ( 13 May 1945 -- 1 September 1996 ) was a Romanian football striker who spent the majority of his career playing for Universitatea Craiova .
Eugenia Berlin ( 1905 -- 2003 ) was a Russian - born Canadian sculptor , painter , designer and director .
Germund Dahlquist ( 16 January 1925 -- 8 February 2005 ) was a Swedish mathematician known primarily for his early contributions to the theory of numerical analysis as applied to differential equations .
Sir Robert Parker , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1655 -- 30 November 1691 ) of Ratton , Sussex was an English politician .
Captain Alexander V. Fraser , USRM , ( April 20 , 1804 -- 1868 ) was an American seaman , who served as the first Chief of the Revenue Marine Bureau , Department of the Treasury , one of the predecessor agencies of the United States Coast Guard .
Peter von Beeck ( died February 23 , 1624 in Aachen ) was a German religious figure and a canon of the church ..
Shangguan Yunxiang ( traditional Chinese : 上官雲相 ; simplified Chinese : 上官云相 ; pinyin : Shàngguān Yúnxiàng ; 1895 - -8 August 1969 ) was a Kuomintang general from Shanghe County , Shandong .
Diego López V de Haro , nicknamed el Intruso ( c. 1250 -- 1310 ) , was a Spanish noble of the House of Haro and held the title of the Lord of Biscay which he took from the pretender to the title , John of Castile .
Haworth Watson ( 26 September 1880 -- 24 November 1951 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played twenty nine matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1908 and 1914 .
Richard Gibbons ( born at Winchester , 1550 or 1549 ; died at Douai , 23 June 1632 ) was an English Jesuit scholar .
Hysni Curri ( ? --1925 ) was a Kosovar Albanian military figure and a prominent leader of the Kachak movement and the Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo .
Edmund Sharpe ( 31 October 1809 -- 8 May 1877 ) was an English architect , architectural historian , railway engineer , and sanitary reformer .
Percy Addleshaw ( b. 1866 Bowdon , Cheshire ; d. 1916 ) was an English barrister and writer .
Wallace Arnold Oakes GC ( 23 April 1932 -- 12 June 1965 ) , known as Wally Oakes , was a train driver with British Railways who was born in Barbridge , Cheshire and lived at Wheelock Heath , Sandbach , Cheshire .
Ibrahim ibn Tashfin ( died 1147 ) was the seventh Almoravid king , who reigned shortly in 1146 - -1147 .
Franz Dischinger ( 8 October 1887 - 9 January 1953 ) was a pioneering German civil and structural engineer , responsible for the development of the modern cable - stayed bridge .
Barsauma died in 491 , according to Bar Hebraeus he was killed by monks from Tur Abdin with the keys of their cells , however he also mentions how his tomb may be found in the Church of Mar Jacob in Nisibis .
Aharon Rokeach ( 19 December 1880 -- 18 August 1957 ) was the fourth Rebbe of the Belz Hasidic dynasty .
Humphrey Berisford ( probably died ca . 1588 ) was an English recusant who was imprisoned for his adherence to Roman Catholicism , dying in prison .
Melania the Elder ( 325 - 410 ) , one of the wealthiest citizens of the empire , was born in Spain , and was related to Paulinus of Nola .
Willy Oskar Dressler ( 25 April 1876 -- 7 November 1954 ) , was a German writer on art and interior decoration .
Norm Harris ( 11 September 1906 -- 4 October 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Fitnat Hanım ( died in 1780 ) was the pen name of Ottoman Turkish woman poet Zübeyde , who lived in the 18th century .
Jean - Jacques Dussumier ( 1792 - -1883 ) was a French voyager and merchant from Bordeaux .
Salomo Liscow ( 1640 , Niemitsch -- 1689 ) was a German clergyman and hymn writer .
Marko Vovchok ( Ukrainian : Марко́ Вовчо́к , real name Mariya Vilinska , Ukrainian : Марія Олександрівна Вілінська ; 22 December 1833 -- 10 August 1907 ) was a famous Ukrainian writer .
Bjørn Bue ( 30 January 1934 -- 13 April 1997 ) was a Norwegian Lutheran missionary and bishop .
Henry Perrine ( 5 April 1797 -- 7 August 1840 ) was a physician , horticulturist , United States Consul in Campeche , Campeche , Mexico , and an enthusiast for introducing tropical plants into cultivation in the United States .
David Sutherland Hibbard ( 1868 - -1966 ) was an American missionary and educator who established and served as first president of Silliman Institute , now Silliman University in Dumaguete City , Philippines .
Henry Harold Welch Pearson ( 28 January 1870 , Long Sutton , Lincolnshire - 3 November 1916 , Wynberg , Cape Town ) , was a British - born South African botanist , chiefly remembered for founding Kirstenbosch National Botanical Garden in 1913 .
Robert Straube was an American artist born in 1938 St Louis , Missouri and died in 2006 in Shoreview , Minnesota .
Nikolaos Paparrodou ( Greek : Νικόλαος Παπαρρόδου , 1902 -- 1980 ) was a Greek fencer .
Paddy Moclair ( 1908 -- 9 May 1983 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full - forward and as a full - back for the Mayo senior team .
Henry Clive ( 1882 - -1960 ) was an Australian - born American graphic artist and illustrator .
Dr. Jacob Seidenberg ( 1914 - -1996 ) was a government official who specialized in labor arbitration and non - discrimination contracts , and wrote extensively on labor law and negotiations .
Mihály Fincicky ( Csepely , 22 September 1842 -- Ungvár 1916 ) was a Hungarian lawyer , translator , collector of folk - songs and folk - poets , mayor of Ungcár .
Rear - Admiral Alexander Innes ( died 1786 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander - in - Chief of the Jamaica Station .
Charles Bousfield Huleatt ( 1863 -- 1908 ) also known under the pseudonym of Caulifield , was an Anglican priest born in Folkestone , England .
Edwin Thorne , II ( 20 December 1914 , New York City -- 15 October 2002 , Grand Junction , Colorado ) was a member of a prominent American family .
Trevor Storton ( 26 November 1949 -- 23 March 2011 ) was an English footballer who played as a central defender .
Pandit Raghunath Prasanna ( c.1920 -- June 1999 ) was an Indian classical shehnai and flute player .
Albert Kinross ( 4 July 1870 -- 19 March 1929 ) was an English journalist , magazine editor and writer of novels , stories and articles .
Helen Gloag ( 1750 - -1790 ) , of Muthill , Perthshire , Scotland , became the Empress of Morocco .
Ove Ødegaard ( 11 April 1931 -- 15 November 1964 ) was a Norwegian footballer .
Harutiun Shahrigian ( Armenian : Հարություն Մկրտիչի Շահրիկյան ; 1860 -- 1915 ) was an Armenian politician , soldier , lawyer , and author .
Teige Ó Flaithbheartaigh ( died 1589 ) was an Irish rebel and warlord .
Anna Masterton Buchan ( 1877 - -1948 ) was a Scottish novelist who wrote under the pen name O. Douglas .
Josie McDermott ( 1925 - -1992 ) was a traditional Irish musician : a flute and tin whistle player , composer and singer .
Edward Webb ( 1779 - 1839 ) , of Adwell , near Tetsworth , Gloucestershire and 181 Piccadilly , Middlesex , was a politician .
Yang Changji ( simplified Chinese : 杨昌济 ; traditional Chinese : 楊昌濟 ; pinyin : Yáng Chāngjì ; 21 April 1871 -- 17 January 1920 ) was a Chinese educator , philosopher , and writer .
Robert Louis - Dreyfus ( 14 June 1946 -- 4 July 2009 ) was a French businessman who had major success as Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of Adidas - Salomon and Saatchi & Saatchi .
Minnie Blanche Bishop ( 27 December 1864 -- 16 October 1917 ) was a teacher and author in Canada .
Chen Liting ( Chinese : 陈鲤庭 ; pinyin : Chén Lǐtíng ; 20 October 1910 -- 27 August 2013 ) was a Chinese playwright , drama and film director , screenwriter , and film theorist .
Raya Rahutta Raya Vajridu Raya Mannida Raya Avadai Raghunatha Tondaiman ( died 1661 ) was a Kallar chieftain of Karambakudi and a feudatory of the Vijayanagar Empire .
Hélion de Villeneuve ( c. 1270 -- 1346 ) was a French - born Grand Master of the Knights of St. John .
General Sir Francis Reginald Wingate , 1st Baronet GCB , GCVO , GBE , KCMG , DSO , TD ( 25 June 1861 -- 29 January 1953 ) was a British general and administrator in Egypt and the Sudan .
Bruno Franz Kaulbach ( 1880 - 1963 ) was an Austrian lawyer and a member of the Kohn family from Bennisch whose descendants include the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry .
Reginald Somerville ( 1867 -- 8 July 1948 ) was an English composer and actor .
Giorgi Avalishvili ( Georgian : გიორგი ავალიშვილი ) ( 1769 -- 1850 ) was a Georgian diplomat , writer and one of the founding fathers of the Georgian theatre .
Ezzelino I da Romano , also known as Ezzelino il Balbo ( died 1189 ) was an Italian nobleman of the Ezzelini family , who was lord of Onara , Romano , Bassano and Godego .
Johannes Anton Ullrich ( 1826 - -1895 ) was a German industrialist , inventor , and co - founder of the `` Gebrüder Ullrich '' in the Rhineland - Palatinate .
Emma Jane Catherine Cobden ( 28 April 1851 -- 7 July 1947 ) , known as Jane Cobden , was a British Liberal politician who was active in many radical causes in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
John Rushout , 1st Baron Northwick ( 23 July 1738 -- 20 October 1800 ) was a British politician and Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Evesham .
Saul Gorn ( 10 November 1912 -- 22 February 1992 ) was an American pioneer in computer and information science who was a member of the School of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Pennsylvania for more than 30 years .
Virginia Satir ( 26 June 1916 -- 10 September 1988 ) was an American author and social worker , known especially for her approach to family therapy and her work with family reconstruction .
Peter Craine ( 19 ? ? -- 2003 ) was a politician from the Isle of Man and an MHK for Douglas South .
He Tianjian ( Chinese : 贺天健 ; 1891 -- 2 April 1977 ) , formerly romanized as Ho T'ien - chien , was a Chinese guohua painter and a leading member of the Shanghai School of art .
John Clement Gordon ( 1644 - -1726 ) , originally just John Gordon , bishop of Galloway , was born in Scotland on 1644 , and was a member of the Gordon family of Coldwells , near Ellon in Buchan , Aberdeenshire .
Carl Keller ( 9 July 1893 -- 17 June 1981 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rev. Benjamin Rush Rhees ( 1860 - -1939 ) was the third president of the University of Rochester , serving from 1900 - 1935 .
Josiah Charles Trent ( 7 August 1914 - -10 December 1948 ) was an American surgeon and a historian of medicine .
Francis Hely - Hutchinson ( 26 October 1769 -- 16 December 1827 ) , styled The Honourable from 1783 , was an Irish politician .
Ieuan ap Hywel Swrdwal ( ? 1430 - ? 1480 ) was a Welsh poet , from Norman stock .
Guillaume le Vinier ( c. 1190 - -1245 ) was a cleric and trouvère , one of the most prolific composers in the genre .
Ronald Haworth ( born 10 March 1901 -- October 1973 ) was an English footballer .
Thomas Griffitts ( died 1746 ) was Mayor of Philadelphia on three occasions .
Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana Andriandrazaka ( also Andriantsimitoviaminandriandrazaka ) was King of Avaradrano in the central highlands of Madagascar from 1710 to 1730 , and king of neighboring Ambohidrabiby after defeating his brother , Andrianavalonimerina .
Ali Jalla Abdul Jalil Shah II ( died 1597 ) was the Sultan of Johor from 1571 to 1597 .
Dnyaneshwar or Dnyandev ( IAST : Jñāneśvar ) ( 1275 - -1296 ) was a 13th - century Marathi saint , poet , philosopher and yogi of the Nath tradition whose Dnyaneshvari ( a commentary on the Bhagavad Gita ) and Amrutanubhav are considered to be milestones in Marathi literature
Saint Joseph Zhang Dapeng ( Chinese:張大鵬 , 1754 -- 12 March 1815 ) , was a Chinese martyr .
Brian Burland ( 23 April 1931 -- 11 February 2010 ) was a Bermudian writer , who was the author of nine acclaimed novels that typically dealt with colonialism , family strife and race .
Foolabai ( 1664 - -1682 ) was a saintly Jat woman popularly known as Bhakt Shiromani Foolabai .
William Whittingham Lyman ( July 28 , 1850 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania -- 1921 ) was the son of Theodore Benedict Lyman .
Sir Charles Rivers Wilson ( 1831 - 1916 ) was a British civil servant and financier .
Carl Aschan ( 6 May 1906 -- 27 July 2008 ) was a Swedish - born British intelligence officer and spy during World War II . Aschan later helped to track down some of Adolf Hitler 's associates following the defeat of Nazi Germany .
Lucy Faithfull , Baroness Faithfull , OBE ( 26 October 1910 -- 13 March 1996 ) was a British social worker and children 's campaigner .
Robert Burn ( 22 October 1829 -- 30 April 1904 ) was an English classical scholar and archaeologist and Fellow of Trinity College , Cambridge .
Henry DiSpirito ( 1898 - -1995 ) was an Italian - American artist and sculptor .
Seán Cunningham , Irish cooperative activist and Republican , 1918 - -1997 .
Marisa Mell ( 24 February 1939 -- 16 May 1992 ) was an Austrian actress who became a cult figure of 1960s Italian B - movies .
Sir Percival Willoughby ( died 23 August 1643 ) was a prominent land owner , businessman involved during his lifetime variously in mining , iron smelting , glass making and as an investor in the Newfoundland Company .
Richard Assmann ( Anglicized spelling of the German name Richard Aßmann ) ; ( 13 April 1845 -- 28 May 1918 ) was a German meteorologist and physician who was a native of Magdeburg .
Thomas Thornycroft ( 19 May 1815 -- 30 August 1885 ) was an English sculptor and engineer .
Nicolas Fuss ( 29 January 1755 -- 4 January 1826 ) , also known as Nikolai Fuss , was a Swiss mathematician , living most of his life in Russia .
Rev. Richard Jukes ( 1804 - -1867 ) was a popular Primitive Methodist minister and hymn writer .
Coley Wallace ( April 5 , 1927 -- January 30 , 2005 ) was an American actor and heavyweight boxer who outpointed Rocky Marciano in a three - round amateur fight .
Edgar Craven Bredin ( 16 April 1886 -- 5 August 1950 ) was an Irish mechanical and locomotive engineer and later a railway manager .
Lawrence Bruner ( born Catasauqua , Pennsylvania , 2 March 1856 ; died Berkeley , California , 30 January 1937 ) was a United States entomologist .
George Stapleton ( born Dublin , Ireland , in 1777 , died 1841 , in Dublin ) was a prominent Irish stuccodore , son of Michael Stapleton .
Douglas Z. Doty ( October 15 , 1874 -- 20 February 1935 ) was an American screenwriter and editor .
Galindo Aznárez II ( died 922 ) was Count of Aragón ( 893 - -922 ) , the son and successor of Aznar Galíndez II . Galindo was one of a coalition that sponsored the 905 coup d'état in Pamplona in favor of his brother - in - law , Sancho I of Pamplona .
Hernando de Luque ( Unknown -- 1532 ) was a Spanish priest who travelled to the New World in the 16th century .
Hertha Sponer ( 1 September 1895 -- 27 February 1968 ) was a German physicist and chemist who contributed to modern quantum mechanics and molecular physics and was the first woman on the physics faculty of Duke University .
Luciano Vincenzoni ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈtʃano vintʃenˈtsoni ) ; 7 March 1926 -- 22 September 2013 ) was an Italian screenwriter , known as the `` script doctor '' .
Isaac Snowman ( 1873 -- 11 February 1947 ) was an Anglo - Jewish artist who made Jewish cultural themes his subject .
Lord Charles Cavendish FRS ( 17 March 1704 -- 28 April 1783 ) was a British nobleman , Whig politician and scientist .
Alfred Thomas Story ( 1842 - -1934 ) was an English journalist , poet and author of numerous books .
Sir Alexander Ogilvy , 1st Baronet ( died 1727 ) was a Scottish politician and judge , lord of session under the title Lord Forglen ,
Sir Andrew Rae Duncan , GBE ( 1884 -- 1952 ) was a British businessman who was brought into government during the Second World War , serving twice as both President of the Board of Trade and Minister of Supply .
John Hartley Williams ( 7 February 1942 -- 3 May 2014 ) was a British poet who was born in Cheshire and grew up in London .
Charles Loomis Dana ( 1852 - 1935 ) was an American physician , professor of nervous and mental disease at Cornell Medical College .
William Frederick Koch ( 1885 - -1967 ) was a U. S. medical doctor and pharmaceutical entrepreneur .
Justin the Confessor ( died 269 in Rome ) was a Christian martyr in the Roman Empire .
Brigadier Oliver David Jackson DSO , OBE ( 24 November 1919 -- 7 May 2004 ) was a senior officer in the Australian Army , seeing service during the Second World War and the Vietnam War .
Arthur Pember ( 1835 -- 3 April 1886 ) was a British sportsman , journalist and author , notable for being the first president of The Football Association , from 1863 to 1867 , as a member of N.N. Club or N.N. Kilburn , one of the founder clubs of the FA .
Adam of Melrose ( died 1222 ) was Abbot of Melrose and Bishop of Caithness , famously burned to death by the husbandmen of Caithness .
Samuel Lyde ( 1825 - -1860 ) was an English writer and Church of England missionary who worked in Syria in the 1850s and wrote a pioneering book on the Alawite sect .
Ronald Radd ( born 22 January 1929 -- 23 April 1976 ) was a British television actor .
Petros Orologas ( Greek : Πέτρος Ωρολογάς , 1892 - -1958 ) was a Greek journalist and newspaper publisher .
Robert Landale ( 1833 -- 5 November 1903 ) was an Australian politician , elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Princess Maria Margaretha of Saxony(Maria Margaretha Franziska Xaveria ; 13 September 1727 -- 1 February 1734 ) was a Princess of Poland , Lithuania and Saxony of the House of Wettin .
James Stevenson , 1st Baron Stevenson , GCMG , ( 2 April 1873 -- 10 June 1926 ) , known as Sir James Stevenson , Bt , between 1917 and 1924 , was a British businessman and civil servant .
Dr. Franz Polgar ( April 18 , 1900 - June 1979 ) was a renowned psychologist , hypnotist , lecturer and entertainer .
Louis Charles Salvana ( 20 January 1897 -- 8 December 1974 ) was an Australian sportsman who played first - class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Fra ' Didier de Saint - Jaille ( died 1536 ) was the 46th Grand Master of the Order of Saint John between 1535 and 1536 .
Patrick Roger Cleary ( 1858 - 1948 ) ( known locally as P.R. Cleary ) was the founder and namesake of Cleary University in Howell , Michigan .
John Row ( 1568 - -1646 ) was a Scottish ecclesiastical historian and one of the Scottish Reformers .
Paul Troger ( 30 October 1698 -- 20 July 1762 ) was an Austrian painter , draughtsman and printmaker of the late Baroque period .
Edson Décimo Alves Araújo or simply Piauí ( 2 December 1986 -- 1 November 2014 ) was a Brazilian footballer , who played as left back .
George Henry Law ( 12 September 1761 -- 22 September 1845 ) was the Bishop of Chester ( 1812 ) and then , from 1824 , Bishop of Bath and Wells .
Knut Rød ( 30 June 1900 -- 19 May 1986 ) was a Norwegian police officer responsible for the arrest , detention and transfer of Jewish men , women and children to SS troops at Oslo harbor .
Samuel Lewis Shane ( 14 April 1900 -- 14 October 1993 ) was a modern American painter whose works span a period from the early 1920s to shortly before his death in 1993 .
Miles Coope , born at Gildersome , Yorkshire , on 18 November 1916 and died also at Gildersome on 5 July 1974 , played first - class cricket for three seasons after the second World War for Somerset .
Adam Hyler ( 1735 - -1782 ) , born in Wurttemberg , Germany , was a privateer and whaleboat captain during the American War for Independence .
Finally , Eusebio Lillo died in Santiago on 8 July 1910 .
Tomás Monfil ( died 2009 ) was a Chilean forester , and one of the principal persons behind the reforestation program of CONAF in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region in the 1960s .
William Hubert Burr C.E. ( 1851 - -1934 ) was an American civil engineer , born at Watertown , Connecticut .
Joseph Albert Lintner ( 8 February 1822 in Schoharie , New York -- 5 May 1898 in Rome ) was an American entomologist .
Lindley Evans CMG ( 18 November 1895 -- 2 December 1982 ) was a South African - born Australian composer , pianist and teacher .
Zora Petrović ( born in Dobrica , Banat on May 17 , 1894 - - died in Belgrade on May 25 , 1962 ) was a famous Serbian painter .
Ji Chuna ( Chinese : 紀處訥 ; died July 24 , 710 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Zhongzong and Emperor Zhongzong 's son Emperor Shang .
Asbjørn Kjønstad ( 6 February 1943 -- 14 February 2015 ) was a Norwegian professor of law .
King Xie of Zhou ( died 750 BCE ) claimed sovereignty during the final stages of the Chinese Western Zhou Dynasty ( 1046 - -771 BCE ) .
Atma Jayaram ( 31 August 1915 - 19 March 1990 ) was the Director of the Indian Intelligence Bureau between November 1971 to August 1975 .
Sir John Dauntsey ( died 1391 ) , of Dauntsey , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Edward William Price ( 1832 -- 14 November 1893 ) was an Irish - born Australian civil servant , who served as Government Resident of the Northern Territory between 1876 and 1883 .
Yulia Aroustamova ( 23 November 1982 -- 5 July 2007 ) was a Russian track racing cyclist .
Karma Tenkyong ( 1606 -- Neu , Central Tibet , 1642 ) , in full Karma Tenkyong Wangpo ( Wylie : Kar ma bstan skyong dbang po ) , was a king of Tibet who ruled from 1620 to 1642 .
Johann Dzierzon , or Jan Dzierżon ( ˈjan ˈd͡ʑɛrʐɔn ) or Dzierżoń ( ˈd͡ʑɛrʐɔɲ ) , also John Dzierzon ( 16 January 1811 -- 26 October 1906 ) , was a pioneering apiarist who discovered the phenomenon of parthenogenesis in bees and designed the first successful movable - frame beehive .
Wei Guoqing ( simplified Chinese : 韦国清 ; traditional Chinese : 韋國清 ; pinyin : Wéi Guóqīng ; Zhuang : Veiz Gozcing ) ( 2 September 1913 -- 14 June 1989 ) was a Chinese government official , military officer and political commissar .
Christen Mølbach ( 8 November 1766 -- 7 July 1834 ) was a Norwegian merchant who represented Stavanger amt at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814 .
Farrukh Beg ( ca . 1545 -- ca . 1615 ) was a Persian born Mughal painter who served in the court of Mirza Muhammad Hakim before working directly for Mughal Emperor Akbar .
Ignatius Bonomi ( 1787 - -1870 ) was an English architect and surveyor , with Italian origins by his father , strongly associated with Durham in north - east England .
Isabella Coymans ( 1626 -- 1689 ) , was the Dutch wife of Stephanus Geraerdts best known for her portrait painted by Frans Hals .
John Kewish , Jr. ( died 1 August 1872 ) was the last person executed by the Isle of Man .
William Goldwin ( born c.1682 ; died at Bristol 1747 ) was an English schoolteacher and vicar who left his mark on cricket by creating the sport 's earliest known work of literature .
Arthur Thistlewood ( 1774 - -1 May 1820 ) was a British radical activist and conspirator in the Cato Street Conspiracy .
James B. Simpson ( 1927 - 2002 ) was a journalist , author and Episcopal priest , best known for writing several volumes of Simpson 's Contemporary Quotations , a set of books of quotations .
Royal Cortissoz ( 10 February 1869 -- 17 October 1948 , last name pronounced `` Kor - tee - zus '' ) was an American art historian and long - time art critic for the New York Herald Tribune from 1891 until his death .
Margery Clinton ( 1931 -- 2005 ) was a specialist in reduction lustre glazes .
Ion Petre Stoican ( born 1930 , Olteniţa , Călăraşi - d. 1994 , Constanţa ) was a Romani - Romanian violinist , a lăutar ( performer of traditional music , especially for weddings ) .
Nguyển Cát Ngạc , pen name Nam Xương ( 1905 - 1958 ) was a popular Vietnamese playwright in the 1930s .
Anthony J. DePace ( 1892 - -1977 ) was an American architect who designed numerous Roman Catholic churches throughout the Northeastern United States area during the mid to late 20th century .
Jørgen Lykke ( 1515 at Havnø -- 26 December 1583 ) was a Danish nobleman , diplomat and politician .
Margaret Coke , Countess of Leicester ( 16 June 1700 -- 28 February 1775 ) was a British peer .
Fredrik Thoresen ( 7 May 1926 -- 23 December 2012 ) is a Norwegian businessperson .
Beryl Measor , ( 22 April 1908 -- 8 February 1965 ) was an English actress .
Francisco de Silva , 10th Duke of Huéscar ( in full , Spanish : Don Francisco de Paula de Silva Mendoza y Álvarez de Toledo , décimo duque de Huéscar ) , ( 1733 - -1770 ) , was a Spanish nobleman .
Spokane Garry ( sometimes spelled Spokan Garry ) ( c. 1811 -- 1892 ) was a Native American leader of the Middle Spokane tribe .
George Markstein ( 29 August 1926 -- 15 January 1987 ) was a British journalist and subsequent writer of thrillers and teleplays .
François - Joseph - Philippe de Riquet ( 21 September 1771 - 2 March 1843 ) , comte de Caraman was the 16th Prince de Chimay from 24 July 1804 to 1843 .
Barbara Kolanka or Barbara Kołówna h. Junosza ( end of the 15th century--1550 ) was a Polish noble lady .
Willem van Ruytenburch ( baptized 13 August 1600 - 1657 ) of Amsterdam was a lieutenant to Captain Frans Banning Cocq in the mid-17th century .
Jack Bloomfield ( 20 November 1899 -- 1961 ) was an English light heavyweight professional boxer , whose birth name was Sol Blumenfeld , and who was also known as `` Basking '' Jack Bloomfield during his career .
Roland Ansieau ( 1901 - -1987 ) was an early 20th - century French art deco graphic artist , best known for his 1935 `` Berger 45 '' wine advertisement which is widely reproduced as poster prints .
Germanos Mouakkad ( born April 1853 in Damascus , Syria - died on 11 February 1912 in Beirut ) was a Melkite priest and bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Baalbek .
Nina Genke or Nina Genke - Meller , or Nina Henke - Meller , ( Russian : Нина Генке-Меллер , Нина Генке , 1893 - -1954 ) was a Ukrainian - Russian avant - garde artist , ( Suprematist , Futurist ) , designer , graphic artist and scenographer .
David Jagger , RP , ROI ( 1891 , Kilnhurst , near Rotherham , Yorkshire -- 1958 ) was an English portrait painter .
Miroslav Filipović ( 5 June 1915 -- 1946 ) , also known as Tomislav Filipović and Tomislav Filipović - Majstorović , was a Croatian Nazi collaborator , Franciscan friar and military chaplain , and convicted war criminal .
Dougald Currie ( August 22 , ca . 1844 -- November 5 , 1918 ) was a farmer and political figure on Prince Edward Island , and was educated there .
Akin Ogungbe ( 1934 - -November 2012 ) was a Nigerian film actor , filmmaker , producer and director .
George Stanhope ( 5 March 1660 -- 18 March 1728 ) was a clergyman of the Church of England , rising to be Dean of Canterbury and a Royal Chaplain .
Hon . Charles Leslie Courtenay ( d. 29 October 1894 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1859 - 1894 .
Brigadier General Stanley Price Weir , DSO , VD , JP ( 23 April 1866 -- 14 November 1944 ) was a public servant and Australian Army officer .
Helene Kottanner ( née Wolfram ; Hungarian : Kottaner Ilona ; c. 1400 -- after 1470 ) was a late - medieval woman born in Sopron , Hungary .
Jacques Gerschwiler ( 10 September 1898 -- 4 May 2000 ) was a noted Swiss figure skater and coach .
Samuel Scott Johnston Huey , usually known as Scott Huey ( 21 December 1923 -- 8 March 2012 ) was an Irish cricketer .
Jean - François Buisson de Saint - Cosme ( 1667 - -1706 ) was a Canadian missionary , born in Quebec , ordained in 1690 , and murdered while on a missionary trip .
Thomas John Burdett ( 29 October 1915 -- 2001 ) , known as Tom or Tommy Burdett , was an English footballer who scored 12 goals from 30 appearances in the Football League playing for Hull City and Lincoln City .
William Feilding , 1st Earl of Denbigh ( c. 1587 -- 8 April 1643 , Cannock ) was an English naval officer and courtier .
Regina Fryxell , born Regina Holmén ( November 24 , 1899 -- September 19 , 1993 ) was an American educator and musician .
María Julieta Kirkwood Bañados ( 5 April 1936 -- 8 April 1985 ) was a Chilean sociologist , political scientist , university professor and feminist activist .
Johnny Hancocks ( 30 April 1919 -- 19 February 1994 ) was an English footballer , most associated with Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Yvette Espinosa ( 1911 - 1992 ) Born in England - daughter of Eve Louise Kelland and Edouard Espinosa , founder of the British Ballet Organization .
Augustin Maior ( 22 August 1882 - 3 October 1963 ) was a Romanian physicist , educator and inventor .
J. William Schickel , FAIA , ( 1850 - -1907 ) known professionally as William Schickel , was a German - American architect and founder of the New York architectural firm of Schickel & Ditmars .
Andrew Duncan , the younger ( 1773 - -1832 ) was a Scottish physician and professor at Edinburgh University .
John Raphael Rodrigues Brandon ( 5 April 1817 in London -- 8 October 1877 at his chambers at 17 Clement 's Inn , Strand , London ) was a British architect and architectural writer .
Karl Chircop ( 7 August 1965 -- 12 October 2008 ) was a doctor and practiced as a family doctor and a Maltese politician .
Les Kaine ( 8 August 1936 -- 18 August 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Charles Lilburn Lewis ( 1747 -- 1831 or 1837 ) , sometimes referred to as Charles Lilburn Lewis of Monteagle , was one of the founders of Milton , Virginia , as well as one of the signers of Albemarle County , Virginia 's Declaration of Independence in 1779 .
Walter Spratt ( 14 April 1889 -- 22 January 1945 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a full - back in The Football League for Manchester United and Brentford .
Ibn - e - Insha ( Punjabi , Urdu : ابن انشاء‎ ) born Sher Muhammad Khan ( Punjabi , Urdu : شیر محمد خان‎ ) on 15 June 1927 died 11 January 1978 , was a Pakistani Leftist Urdu poet , humorist , travelogue writer and columnist .
William John Wolfgram was a United States Army Lieutenant during World War II . He served in the army from 1942 until his death in combat in 1945 .
Dmitri Ivanovich Yermakov ( Russian : Дмитрий Иванович Ермаков ) ( 1846 -- November 10 , 1916 ) was a Russian photographer known for his series of the Caucasian photographs .
Gilly Coman ( 13 September 1955 -- 13 July 2010 ) was an English actress , who played Aveline in the first four series of Carla Lane 's sitcom Bread .
William the Walloon ( date of birth unknown ; d. ( probably ) 22 December 1089 ) was a Benedictine abbot .
Germain Seligman ( 25 February 1893 , Paris -- 27 March 1978 , New York ) was a successful art dealer , collector , and art historian .
John Rogers Thomas ( 26 March 1829/30 - -5 April 1896 ) was an American composer , pianist , and singer of Welsh descent .
He continued writing until his death on 13 April 1963 Babu Gulabrai was married to Bhagwati Devi of Meerut .
Edward Mulhare ( 8 April 1923 -- 24 May 1997 ) was an Irish actor whose career spanned five decades .
Charles - Louis Richard ( April 1711 -- 16 August 1794 ) was a Catholic theologian and publicist .
`` Dapper '' Danny Hogan ( ca . 1880 - December 4 , 1928 ) was a charismatic underworld figure and boss of Saint Paul , Minnesota 's Irish Mob during Prohibition .
Rosemarie Frankland ( 1 February 1943 - 2 December 2000 ) was a Welsh actress , model and beauty queen who won the 1961 Miss United Kingdom and Miss World .
Stanisław Sielański ( 8 August 1899 -- 28 April 1955 ) was a Polish film and cabaret actor .
José Aristodemo Pinotti ( São Paulo City , December 20 , 1934 -- July 1 , 2009 ) was a Brazilian physician , gynecological surgeon , university professor , scientific and educational leader and politician .
William Christmas ( died 22 March 1867 ) was an Irish Conservative Party politician from Waterford .
Rainier II , Lord of Monaco ( 1350 - -1407 ) , was the monarch of Monaco from June 29 , 1352 to August 15 , 1357 .
Mile Cărpenișan died the 22 March 2010 , due to a boil after being in coma because of a septic shock .
Nicolasa Pradera ( 1870 - 1959 ) was a Spanish chef , restaurateur , and is most known for her cookbook `` La cocina de Nicolasa '' ( the Kitchen of Nicolasa ) , which is one of the staples of Basque cooking .
John Edward Walsh PC , QC ( 12 November 1816 -- 20 October 1869 ) was an Irish lawyer and Conservative politician .
Mary Riggans ( 19 July 1935 -- 2 December 2013 ) was a Scottish actress , best known for playing Effie in Take the High Road and Susie Sweet in Balamory .
George Barger FRS FRSE FCS LLD ( 4 April 1878 -- 5 January 1939 ) was a British chemist .
Bernard Mandeville , or Bernard de Mandeville ( 15 November 1670 -- 21 January 1733 ) , was an Anglo - Dutch philosopher , political economist and satirist .
Eric William Gillett ( 1899 -- 18 October 1987 ) was an Australian lawyer and university officer .
Lin Juemin ( traditional Chinese : 林覺民 ; simplified Chinese : 林觉民 ; pinyin : Lín Juémín ; Wade -- Giles : Lin Chüeh - min ; 1887 - -1911 ) was an early Qing dynasty revolutionary .
Lotoala Metia ( died 21 December 2012 ) was a Tuvaluan politician and football player .
John D. Chandris ( 1890 -- 1942 ) was a Greek shipowner .
David Duguid ( 1832 - -1907 ) was a Scottish spiritualist medium and Glasgow cabinet - maker by trade .
Joseph Durst ( January 15 , 1882 - January 1974 ) was an American real estate developer , founder of the Durst Organization , and patriarch of the Durst family .
Oscar Rosander ( 25 July 1901 - 7 May 1971 ) was a Swedish film editor with more than 100 feature film credits .
Major General Friedrich Wilhelm von Goedecke ( 1771 - -1857 ) was a German ( Nassau ) soldier and politician in Dutch - Luxembourg service .
George Philip Farran ( 1876,Dublin-1949 , Dublin ) was an Irish zoologist .
Yitzhak Nissim ( 1896 -- 9 August 1981 ) ( Hebrew : יצחק נסים‎ ) was a Sephardic chief rabbi of Israel .
Bárbaro Rivas ( 4 December 1893 -- 12 March 1967 ) , was a Venezuelan naive painter born in Petare .
Henry Keyworth Raine ( 1872 - 1932 ) , the great nephew of William Powell Frith , was an English school portrait oil painter .
Moira Dryer ( 1957 - -1992 ) was an artist known for her abstract paintings on wood panel .
Albert G. Lawrence ( 1836 - 1887 ) was an American Ambassador to Costa Rica .
Abatai ( Manchu : ; 27 July 1589 - 10 May 1646 ) was a Manchu prince and military general of the early Qing dynasty .
Julia Bracken Wendt , ( 1870 - -1942 ) a notable American sculptor , was born in Apple River , Illinois , the twelfth of thirteen children in an Irish Catholic family .
Andrés Rodríguez de Villegas ( 1580 - 1633 ) was a Spanish military who served as governor and captain - general of the Province of isla Margarita , Venezuela ( 1619 - 1626 ) and governor of Florida ( 1630 - 1633 ) .
Jock McKenzie ( 31 October 1911 -- 16 June 1989 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1930s .
Anatole Kitain ( Russian : Анатолий Китаин ; 17 September 1903 -- 30 July 1980 ) was a Russian classical pianist .
Sir Cecil Bishopp , 6th Baronet(30 October 1700 - 15 June 1778 ) , later Bisshopp , was a British politician .
Daniel Roseingrave ( c.1655 -- May 1727 ) was an English - born organist and composer mainly active in Dublin , Ireland .
Thomas W. Bicknell ( September 6 , 1834 -- 1925 ) , American educator , historian , and author , lived to be 91 .
Christopher Monck , 2nd Duke of Albemarle , KG , PC ( 14 August 1653 -- 6 October 1688 ) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1667 to 1670 when he inherited the Dukedom and sat in the House of Lords .
Richard Roderick ( baptized 1710 , died 20 July 1756 ) was a British editor and poet .
Cromie McCandless ( 17 January 1921 -- 18 January 1992 ) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Christopher Angelus ( died 1638 ) , was a native of the Peloponnesus , who was persecuted by the Ottoman governor of Athens .
Sylvanus Morgan ( 1620 -- 27 March 1693 ) was an English arms - painter and author .
George Steers ( August 15 , 1819 -- September 25 , 1856 ) was a designer of yachts best known for the famous racing yacht America .
Nehemiah Donnellan ( a.k.a . Fearganainm Ó Domhnalláin ) ( fl . c. 1560 - 1609 ) was Archbishop of Tuam .
Richard Fishacre ( or Fitzacre ) ( c. 1200 -- 1248 ) was an English Dominican theologian , the first to hold the Dominican chair at the University of Oxford .
Simon Byrne ( 1806 -- 2 June 1833 ) , nicknamed `` The Emerald Gem '' , was an Irish bare - knuckle prize fighter .
Bājūrī Ibrāhīm ibn - Muhammad ( 1783/1784 - 1860 ) was an Egyptian theologian and lecturer ( 19th century ) at the theologic academy of al - Azhar in Cairo .
Jacques ( Jack ) Cattell ( 2 June 1904 in Garrison , New York -- 19 December 1961 in Scottsdale , Arizona ) was an American publisher and founder of a company bearing his name , `` Jacques Cattell Press , Inc. , '' based in Lancaster , Pennsylvania .
Theodoor Wilkens or Theodorus Wilkens ( alias Goedewil ) ( 1690 , Amsterdam -- 1748 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century painter and draughtsman from the Dutch Republic who specialised in landscapes .
Christopher Preston , 2nd Baron Gormanston ( c. 1354 -- 1422 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer and statesman .
Don Haig ( 22 July 1933 -- 2 March 2002 ) was a Canadian filmmaker , editor , and producer .
Lehmann Bernheimer ( 27 December 1841 - 29 May 1918 ) was a German antique dealer , who built the Bernheimer - Haus in Munich .
Julius Pomponius Laetus ( 1428 -- June 9 , 1498 ) , also known as Giulio Pomponio Leto , was an Italian humanist .
Steven Forde ( 29 August 1914 in South Kirkby , Yorkshire -- 1992 ) was an English footballer who played as a full - back .
Justice Konda Madhava Reddy died on 25 September 1997 , after suffering from non - Hodgkin lymphoma .
Sir Edmund Charles Wyldbore Smith ( 15 January 1877 - 18 October 1938 ) was a British civil servant , diplomat , and businessman .
Alexander Penhellick ( c1632 - c 1661 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Henry Norwest MM & Bar ( 1 May , 1884 -- 18 August , 1918 ) was a distinguished Canadian sniper in World War I.
Joseph - Vincent Quiblier ( 26 June 1796 -- 12 September 1852 ) was a Roman Catholic priest involved in Sulpician educational endeavors in Canada .
Hussein Kamal ( Arabic : حسين كمال‎ ) ( 17 August 1932 -- 24 March 2003 ) was an Egyptian television , film and theatre director .
John Belasyse , 1st Baron Belasyse ( or Bellasis ) PC ( 24 June 1614 -- 10 September 1689 ) was an English nobleman , soldier and Member of Parliament , notable for his role during and after the English Civil War .
Ladislas Segoe ( 1894 - -1983 ) was a pioneer in urban planning .
Leopold Heinrich Fischer ( 19 December 1817 , Fribourg - en - Brisgau -- 2 February 1886 , Fribourg - en - Brisgau ) was a German zoologist and mineralogist .
Áilgenán mac Donngaile ( died 853 ) was a King of Munster from the Eóganacht Chaisil branch of the Eoganachta , the ruling dynasty of Munster .
Thomas Rudd ( 1583?--1656 ) was an English military engineer and mathematician .
Charlotte of Albret , suo jure Dame de Châlus , Duchess of Valentinois ( 1480 -- 11 March 1514 ) , also known as Charlotte d'Albret , was a wealthy French noblewoman of the Albret family .
Carl Gustav Alexander Brischke ( December 17 , 1814 -- 1897 ) was a German entomologist who worked on Diptera and Hymenoptera , mainly the Ichneumonidae and Braconidae .
Diana , Lady Mosley ( 17 June 1910 -- 11 August 2003 ) , born Diana Freeman - Mitford and usually known as Diana Mitford , was one of Britain 's noted Mitford sisters .
Rhoda Erdmann ( 5 December 1870 -- 23 August 1935 ) was a German cell biologist .
Sir Harry Evan Auguste Cotton CIE ( better known as H. E. A. Cotton , or Evan Cotton ) ( 24 May 1868 -- 7 March 1939 ) was a Liberal politician , barrister , administrator , journalist , historian and writer .
Heinrich Beheim ( died 1403 ) was a German stone mason and architect in Nuremberg .
Beatrice Bolam , MBE ( born 1919 -- died 2 January 2013 ) was an English politician and councillor for Jarrow , South Tyneside .
Richard Newcome ( Newcombe ) ( 1701 - 1769 ) was an English bishop of Llandaff and bishop of St Asaph .
Nicolai Andresen ( 24 September 1781 -- 18 November 1861 ) was a Norwegian merchant , banker and member of Stortinget .
Thomas Longman ( 1699 -- 18 June 1755 ) was an English publisher who founded the publishing house of Longman .
Francesco Solari ( c. 1415 -- 1469 ) was an Italian sculptor , architect and engineer .
William Patton ( 23 August 1798 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - 9 September 1879 in New Haven , Connecticut ) , was a New York City pastor , abolitionist , and the son of patriot Robert Patton .
Tuanku Imam Bonjol ( 1772 -- 6 November 1864 ) , also known as Muhammad Syahab , Peto Syarif , and Malim Basa , was one of the most popular leaders of the Padri movement in Central Sumatra .
Robert Ker , 2nd Duke of Roxburghe ( c. 1709 -- 20 August 1755 ) was a Scottish peer .
Biljana Coković ( Cokovik ) ( Macedonian : Билјана Цоковиќ ) ( born 30 July 1982 in Skopje - died 5 September 2007 in Bartow , Florida ) was a Macedonian swimmer .
Edward Bligh ( 19 September 1769 -- 2 November 1840 ) , styled The Honourable from birth , was an Irish politician , a noted amateur cricketer and a prominent early member of Marylebone Cricket Club .
Colonel Thomas Walter Harding ( 1843 - -1927 ) was an industrialist and civic figure in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Estvan Svend Aage Wehlast ( 15 April 1916 -- 9 February 1945 ) was a member of the Danish resistance killed by Gestapo while resisting arrest .
Saneeya Hussain ( 13 August 1954 -- 20 April 2005 ) was a Pakistani journalist and environmentalist .
Eliza Jane Scovill ( December 3 , 2001 -- May 16 , 2005 ) was the daughter of AIDS denialist Christine Maggiore , an HIV - positive activist who publicly questioned the link between HIV and AIDS , and supported HIV - positive pregnant women who want to avoid taking anti - HIV medication .
Thomas Coglan Horsfall ( 1841 - 1932 ) was a noted philanthropist , town planner , writer and founder of the Manchester Art Museum in Ancoats Hall .
Octavius Winslow ( 1 August 1808 -- 5 March 1878 ) , also known as `` The Pilgrim 's Companion '' , stood out as one of the foremost evangelical preachers of the 19th Century in England and America .
Wang E ( simplified Chinese : 王谔 ; traditional Chinese : 王諤 ; pinyin : Wáng È ; Wade -- Giles : Wang E ; 1465 ? - 1545 ) , was an imperial landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty .
Friedrich Myconius ( originally named Friedrich Mekum and also Friedrich Mykonius ) ( 26 December 1490 -- 7 April 1546 ) was a German Lutheran theologian .
Francis Kenna ( 21 September 1865 -- 23 June 1932 ) , was an Australian poet , journalist , and Labor Member of the Legislative Assembly in Queensland .
Derek Pugh ( 8 February 1926 -- 2 May 2008 ) was a British track and field athlete who competed in sprinting events .
Orlando Nappe ( Buenos Aires , c. 1931 - -2007 ) was an Argentine footballer .
Francisco de Meneses Brito ( died 1672 ) was Royal Governor of Chile between 1664 and 1667 .
Ronald Clyne ( December 28 , 1925 -- 2006 ) was an American freelance designer and graphic artist best known for creating over 500 covers for Folkways Records during the more than three - decade lifetime of his independent company from 1948 - -1986 .
Maria Verelst ( 1680 - -1744 ) was an 18th - century English painter .
Gregory Akindynos ( Latinized as Gregorius Acindynus ) ( Greek : Γρηγόριος Ἀκίνδυνος ) ( ca . 1300 -- 1348 ) was a Byzantine Greek theologian .
Heinz Kohnen ( 5 February 1938 -- 25 July 1997 ) was a German scientist and geophysicist known for his work in polar research .
Johannes Megapolensis ( 1603 - -1670 ) was a dominie ( pastor ) of the Dutch Reformed Church in the Dutch colony of New Netherland ( present - day New York state in the United States ) , beginning in 1642 .
Maurus von Schenkl ( b. at Auerbach in Bavaria , 4 January 1749 ; d. at Amberg , 14 June 1816 ) was a German Benedictine theologian and canonist .
Sir John Davie , 2nd Baronet ( 1612 - 1678 ) of Creedy in the parish of Sandford , Devon , was Member of Parliament for Tavistock , Devon , in 1661 and was Sheriff of Devon from 1670 to 1671 .
Rear Admiral Frederick Warden CB ( 18 November 1807 -- 11 November 1869 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , Channel Squadron .
Wonseong of Silla ( r. 785 - 798 , died 798 ) was the 38th to rule the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Khalil Tahmasebi ( died 1955 ) was a carpenter and member of the fanatical Islamic organization , Fadayan - e Islam who assassinated Iranian Prime Minister Ali Razmara on 7 March 1951 .
Ado Birk ( also known as Aadu Birk , Aado Birk or Avdei Birk ; 14 November ( O.S. 2 November ) 1883 -- 2 February 1942 ) , was an Estonian politician who was the Estonian Prime Minister for three days , from 28 July 1920 to 30 July 1920 .
Niki Marangou ( 1948 - 7 February 2013 ) was an award winning Cypriot author and artist .
Zihni Gjinali ( 5 May 1926 - 19 July 2005 ) was a famous Albanian footballer who played his professional career for Besa , Dinamo Tirana and Partizani Tirana football clubs .
Armas Leinonen ( 28 December 1900 , Oulu -- 29 May 1985 ) was a Finnish schoolteacher and politician .
Christian Magnus Falsen ( 14 September 1782 -- 13 January 1830 ) was a Norwegian constitutional father , statesman , jurist , and historian .
Thomas Christie , Jr. ( 1855 - 2 February 1934 ) was a pharmacist and federal politician in Quebec .
Gaetano Cecere , ( November 26 , 1894 -- 1985 ) American sculptor , born , educated and worked in New York City .
Nasir Subhani ( Kurdish : ناسر سوبحانی , Persian : ناصر سبحانی‎ ) ( 14 October 1951 - 17 April 1990 or 19 March 1990 ) was a Kurdish scholar from Iranian Kurdistan .
Anthony O'Grady Lefroy CMG ( 14 March 1816 -- 21 January 1897 ) , often known as O'Grady Lefroy , was an important government official in Western Australia before the advent of responsible government .
Glória de Sant'Anna ( 26 May 1925 -- 2 June 2009 ) was a Portuguese - born poet and educator who lived in Portuguese Mozambique from 1951 to 1974 .
Paul Fung ( 1897 - -1944 ) was an American cartoonist best known for the comic strip Dumb Dora .
John Laskey Woolcock ( 7 November 1861 -- 18 January 1929 ) was a barrister and Supreme Court judge in Queensland , Australia .
Børge Mogensen ( 13 April 1914 -- 5 October 1972 ) , was a Danish furniture designer .
Caroline Bauer ( 29 March 1807 -- 18 October 1877 ) was a German actress of the Biedermeier era who used the name Lina Bauer .
Pros Mund ( died 1644 ) was a Danish admiral .
Santi Buglioni , byname of Santi di Michele ( 1494 - 27 November 1576 ) was an Italian sculptor , the nephew and collaborator of Benedetto Buglioni .
Brigadier Neil Mackenzie Freeman DSO ( 21 April 1890 -- 1961 ) was a senior officer of the Australian Army .
Johann Gottlieb Graun ( 27 October 1703 -- 28 October 1771 ) was a German Baroque / Classical era composer and violinist , born in Wahrenbrück .
John Collingwood Bruce died on 5 April 1892 ; his wife Charlotte died in 1893 , and their daughter Frances died aged 18 months on 17 December 1839 , They are buried in the family grave in Jesmond Old Cemetery .
Dr. Virginia Kneeland Frantz ( 1896 - 1967 ) was a pathologist and educator credited with a series of discoveries in the study of thyroid , breast and pancreatic tumors .
Admire Rakti ( 20 February 2008 -- 4 November 2014 ) was a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Diamond Stakes in Japan and the Caulfield Cup in Australia .
George J. Walker ( 16 January 1934 -- 11 April 2005 ) served as an officer in the U.S. Army , including a stint in 1985 as Deputy Commanding General of the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command(INSCOM ) .
Alfred Lindon ( born Abner Lindenbaum ; c. 1867 -- 1948 ) was a Polish jeweller from a poor Jewish background who became an expert on pearls .
Werner Kutzsche ( born 14 May 1911 in Niederlößnitz near Radebeul , died 1 February 2000 in Dresden ) was a German engineer , who was known for his work in the fields of radio - frequency engineering and electroacoustics .
Yang Xuangan ( 楊玄感 Yáng Xuángǎn ) ( died 613 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty .
Thomas Dix Hincks ( 1767 in Dublin , Ireland -- 1857 in Belfast , Ireland ) was an Irish orientalist and naturalist .
Juan de Albi was a Spanish Carthusian of the Convent Val - Christ , near Segovia , date of birth uncertain ; died 27 December 1591 .
Yossef Harmelin ( 1922 -- December 12 , 1994 ) was an Israeli civil servant , serving as the director of the Shabak from 1964 to 1974 and again from 1986 - 1988 and as ambassador in Iran and South Africa .
Prof Haroon Khan Sherwani ( 1891 - -1980 ) was a renowned Indian historian , scholar , and author .
Ivan Jandl ( 24 January 1937 -- 21 November 1987 ) was a Czech child actor .
Amara Sinha ( or Amara Simha ) ( c. CE 375 ) was a Sanskrit grammarian and poet , of whose personal history hardly anything is known .
Archibald Wickstead ( 6 November 1884 -- 1 February 1966 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Derbyshire in 1911 and 1912 .
Charles Pearson ( 4 October 1793 -- 14 September 1862 ) was Solicitor to the City of London , a reforming campaigner , and -- briefly --
Bashir Ahmed Qureshi ( Sindhi : بشير احمد قريشي‎ ) , ( 10 August , 1959 -- 7 April 2012 ) ; was a Sindhi nationalist who served as the leader of Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz ( JSQM ) , a Sindhi nationalist movement in Sindh , founded by G. M. Syed .
Clement Meadmore ( 9 February 1929 -- 19 April 2005 ) was an Australian - American sculptor known for massive outdoor steel sculptures .
Yosef Kushnir ( Hebrew : יוסף קושניר‎ , born 15 November 1900 , died 6 January 1983 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam from 1960 until 1961 , and again from 1962 until 1965 .
Santaji Mhaloji Ghorpade,(1660 - 1696 ) popularly known as `` Santaji '' or `` Santaji Ghorpade '' , was one of the greatest warriors and the chief General of the Maratha Empire during Chhatrapati Rajaram 's regime .
Sol Schoenbach ( 1915 - -1999 ) was an American bassoonist and teacher .
Bevil Higgons ( 1670 - -1735 ) was an English historian and poet , He was born at Kezo .
Horst Schüler - Springorum ( 15 October 1928 - 5 September 2015 ) was a German Professor of Jurisprudence .
Wilibald Swibert Joseph Gottlieb von Besser ( 7 July 1784 -- 11 October 1842 ) was an Austrian - born botanist who worked most of his life within the territory of western Ukraine .
Vytautas Petrulis ( born February 3 , 1890 in Katelišės , near Vabalninkas ; executed in 1942 , near Uchta , RSFSR ) was a Lithuanian politician , one of the main figures in the Lithuanian Christian Democratic Party , and an accountant .
Jimmy Wheeler ( 16 September 1910 - 8 October 1973 ) was a British variety theatre comedian and pioneer of radio and television .
( Charles ) Philip Fothergill ( 23 February 1906 -- 31 January 1959 ) was an English woollen manufacturer and Liberal Party politician .
Nicholas Dias Abeysinghe Amarasekere Maha Mudaliyar , ( Sinhala : නිකලස් ඩයස් අබේසිංහ අමරසේකර ) ( 8 May 1719 - 10 May 1794 ) was a Ceylonese Dutch colonial administrator .
Muriel Denison , née Jessie Muriel Goggin ( 1886 - -1954 ) , was a Canadian writer .
Sir Patrick Hancock GCMG ( 25 June 1914 -- 1 February 1980 ) was a British diplomat who was ambassador to Israel , Norway and Italy .
Singanallur Venkataramana Iyer Sahasranamam ( b. 29 November 1913 -- 19 February 1988 ) , commonly known as S. V. Sahasranamam , was an Indian theatre and film actor and also a director , who worked mainly in Tamil cinema .
Simicoudza Simicourba ( 1858 -- 1911 ) , otherwise known as Sitarane , was a thief and murderer on the island of Réunion .
Jim Buck ( 28 November 1931 -- 4 July 2013 ) was a New York City dog walker .
Asbjørn Nesheim ( 14 December 1906 in Trondheim --19 January 1989 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian linguist and curator known for his research on the Sámi languages and cultural history , particularly for his collaboration with Konrad Nielsen on volumes four and five of Nielsen 's Lapp Dictionary .
Alonzo Potter ( 6 July 1800 -- 4 July 1865 ) was an American bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States who served as the third Bishop of Pennsylvania .
Dirk III van Brederode ( ca . 1308 -- Haarlem , 11 November 1377 ) was lord of Brederode .
Count Wilhelm IV of Eberstein ( 3 May 1497 -- 1 July 1562 ) was a member of the Swabian noble Eberstein family .
Petar Manola ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Манола ) ( born 28 February 1918 -- 2004 ) was a Bosnian Serb football player .
Mahvash ( née Akram , Persian : مهوش ) , ( 1920 - 1961 ) , also known as Banu Mahvash ( English : Lady Mahvash ) , Ma'sumeh Azizi Borujerdi , and Akram Ābgūshtī , was a singer , dancer , film actress and stage performer .
Christoph Frankopan ( Croatian : Krsto Frankopan Brinjski ; 1482 - -1527 ) was a Croatian count from the noble House of Frankopan .
Eglantine Wallace , Lady Wallace ( died 1803 ) , was an English author .
Paul Lüönd ( 15 April 1950 -- 3 April 2014 ) was a Swiss musician and politician .
Thomas Fairfax , 1st Viscount Fairfax of Emley ( 1575 - 23 December 1636 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1626 .
Emilie Frances Bauer ( pseudonym : Francisco di Nogero ; March 5 , 1865 Walla Walla , Washington -- March 9 , 1926 Manhattan , New York ) was an American music critic and pianist .
Henry East Havergal ( 1820 - -1875 ) was a priest in the Church of England and an organist .
Henry Augustus Marshall ( died 1841 ) was a British official in Ceylon .
Harry Hopkinson ( 8 June 1902 -- 4 March 1979 ) has been credited as one of the world 's greatest yodelers .
Sutton Vane ( 9 November 1888 -- 15 June 1963 ) was a British playwright best known work for Outward Bound ( 1923 ) , which was filmed twice and was still being performed eight decades after its premiere .
Vice - Admiral Cecil Vivian Usborne , CB , CMG ( 17 May 1880 -- 31 January 1951 ) was a high - ranking officer in the British Royal Navy .
Frank Seeds ( March 26 , 1896 -- October 1963 ) was a professional football player who played in the National Football League during the 1926 season with the Canton Bulldogs .
Jeff Fehring ( 21 April 1955 -- 25 July 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( as the AFL was then known ) from 1977 to 1981 .
Thomas Reynell ( 13 September 1625 -- 1698 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1689 .
Holden Furber ( 13 March 1903 -- 19 January 1993 ) was a professor of South Asia Studies at the University of Pennsylvania from 1952 till 1973 .
Sir Frederick Taylor , 1st Baronet MD FRCS ( 6 April 1847 - 2 December 1920 ) was a British physician and president of the Royal College of Physicians 1915 - 1918 .
Maximilian Gustav Alfred Cecil Michaelis ( born Cabourg , France 19 August 1913-died Aix - en - Provence 3 May 1997 ) , was an artist who also practised in glass and ceramics , and a philanthropist who encouraged crafts and design .
Iannis Xenakis ( Greek : Γιάννης ( Ιάννης ) Ξενάκης ( ˈʝanis kseˈnacis ) ; 29 May 1922 -- 4 February 2001 ) was a Greek - French composer , music theorist , and architect - engineer .
Rolf Bossi ( 10 September 1923 -- 22 December 2015 ) was a German criminal defense lawyer .
Patrick Kinane ( 3 July 1892 -- 15 July 1957 ) was an Irish Clann na Poblachta politician .
Jean I of Albret ( 1425 -- 3 January 1468 ) , 15th Lord of Albret , was a Viscount of Tartas .
Mavis Taylor ( 1915 -- 14 March 2007 ) was an Australian who was named an Australian Living Treasure for her humanitarian work for the people of East Timor in her later years .
Kurt Walter Bachstitz ( 4 October 1882 - 1949 in The Hague ) was a German - Austrian art dealer .
James Abernethy FRSE ( 12 June 1814 -- 8 March 1896 ) was a Scottish civil engineer .
Reginald Clifford Allen , 1st Baron Allen of Hurtwood ( 9 May 1889 -- 3 March 1939 ) , known as Clifford Allen , was a British politician , leading member of the Independent Labour Party ( ILP ) , and prominent pacifist .
Maurizio Arcieri ( 30 April 1942 -- 29 January 2015 ) formerly leader of The New Dada , a 1960s Italian beat music band , and a member of Krisma , was a successful singer in the 1970s .
Lajos Keresztes - Fischer ( 8 January 1884 -- 29 April 1948 ) was a Hungarian military officer , who served as Chief of the General Staff in 1938 .
Frank E. Kirby ( July 1 , 1849 -- August 25 , 1929 ) was a naval architect in the Detroit , Michigan ( USA ) area in the early 20th century .
Adrianus Johannes Ehnle ( 1819 - 1863 ) , a Dutch painter of historical and genre subjects , was born at the Hague in 1819 , and studied under C. Kruseman .
Neil Myles ( 17 June 1925 -- 1993 ) was a Scottish professional footballer .
Adolfo Costa du Rels ( or Adolfo Costa du Reís ) ( 1891 - - 26 May 1980 ) was a Bolivian writer and diplomat who became the last President of the Council of the League of Nations .
John Stewart , 1st Earl of Traquair ( died 1659 ) was a Scottish statesman , the son of John Stewart , the younger , of Traquair in Peeblesshire , of a branch , originally illegitimate , of the house of Buchan , and was created Baron Stewart of Traquair in 1628 and earl of Traquair in 1633 .
Eliyahu Eliashar ( Hebrew : אליהו אלישר‎ , 10 October 1899 - 30 October 1981 ) was an Israeli politician and writer .
Eyo Edet Okon ( 10 June 1914 - -28 , September 2010 ) fondly called Akamba Ete ( Great Papa ) is a Nigerian Christian pastor and minister .
Stefan Pogonowski ( 1895 - -1920 ) was a Polish professional soldier and military officer .
Mons Lie ( 15 February 1757 -- 2 August 1827 ) was a Norwegian police chief and writer .
Thomas Vautrollier ( died 1587 ) was a French Huguenot refugee who became a printer in England and , briefly , in Scotland .
Georg Gottlob Ungewitter ( 15 September 1820 -- 6 November 1864 ) was a German architect and master builder .
Lúcio Alberto Pinheiro dos Santos ( Braga , 19 April 1889 - Rio de Janeiro , 11 November 1950 ) was a Portuguese philosopher and teacher , noted for coining the term and writing the first theory of rhythmanalysis , focused on its physiological dimensions .
Sir Alexander Walden ( died 1401 ) , of Matching and Rickling , Essex .
Eli Marsden Wilson , A.R.E. , A.R.C.E. ( 24 June 1877 - 13 November 1965 ) was an English artist who had seventeen pictures exhibited at the Royal Academy .
Heinrich Laehr ( 10 March 1820 -- 18 August 1905 ) was a German psychiatrist born in Sagan , Silesia .
Rufus Phineas Stebbins ( 8 March 1810 in South Wilbraham , Massachusetts -- 13 August 1885 in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was a Massachusetts and Pennsylvania clergyman .
Peter Hately Waddell ( 19 May 1817 -- 5 May 1891 ) was a Scottish cleric and prolific writer .
Francisco de Murga y Ortiz de Orué ( 1570 ? - 1636 ) was Spanish soldier and engineer who became Governor and Captain - General of Cartagena .
Wen Xingyu ( Chinese : 文兴宇 ; 1941 - -2007 ) was a popular comedian and director in mainland China .
Sima Wei ( 司馬瑋 ) ( 271 - -291 ) , courtesy name Yandu ( 彥度 ) , formally Prince Yin of Chu ( 楚隱王 ) , was an imperial prince during Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) and was the second of the eight princes commonly associated with the War of the Eight Princes .
Charles Henry Tilson Marshall ( 1841 -- 20 January 1927 ) was a British Army Officer , serving in the Punjab , India .
Pedro Álvarez Holguín ( 1490 - 1542 ) was a Spanish nobleman , military and Conquistador of Perú .
Ray F. Smith ( 1919 -- 23 August 1999 ) was an American agronomist whose research focused on biological methods of arthropod pest management .
Rev. Dr. James Kalacherry ( 20 April 1892 -- 27 October 1949 ) was an Indian educationalist and bishop of the Syro - Malabar Catholic Church , taking charge of the Diocese of Changanassery .
John Bullingham ( died 1598 ) was the Bishop of Gloucester in the Church of England from 1581 .
Jacques Vieau ( or Vieaux ) ( May 5 , 1757 -- July 1 , 1852 ) was a French - Canadian fur trader and first permanent white settler in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Andrea Adams ( died 7 November 1995 ) was a BBC broadcaster and journalist known for insightful programs that she wrote and produced for Radio 4 's Does He Take Sugar and Woman 's Hour .
Bartholomaeus Schwartz ( latinised to Bartholomaeus Nigrinus ) ( 1595 - -1646 ) was pastor of the St. Peter and St. Paul 's Church in Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , Royal Prussia ( now Poland ) .
Rambhatla Lakshminarayana Sastry M.A. ( b : 9 December 1908 - d : 19 November 1995 ) was an eminent Telugu and Sanskrit Pundit and Puranic commentator .
Ludovico Coccapani ( 23 June 1849 -- 14 November 1931 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic from the Archdiocese of Pisa and served as a teacher and as a member of the Secular Franciscan Order .
John T. Prout ( 1880 - -1969 ) was an American and Irish soldier .
Frank Markham Skipworth ( 1854 Castor , Lincolnshire -- 1929 London ) was an English portrait painter .
Elston Grey - Turner CBE MC TD ( 16 August 1916 - 20 January 1984 ) was a British doctor , secretary of the British Medical Association from 1976 - 79 .
Zhiyan ( 智儼 ) ( 602 - -668 ) was the second patriarch of the Chinese Buddhist Huayan school .
Robert Brandon ( died 30 May 1591 ) was an English goldsmith and jeweller to Queen Elizabeth I of England .
Manuel Izquierdo ( September 26 , 1925 -- July 17 , 2009 ) was a sculptor and woodcut artist .
Khenpo Shenga Rinpoche , also Shenpen Chökyi Nangwa ( 1871 - -1927 ) was a Tibetan scholar in the Nyingma and Sakya traditions of Tibetan Buddhism .
The two armies fought the Battle of Adramyttium on Saturday , 19 March 1205 outside the city walls , and the result was a massive defeat for Constantine Laskaris and the Greeks , with most of the army either perishing or being captured .
Mahabir Prasad Asthana ( 1903 in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh , India -- 1976 ) was a freedom fighter and Congress Party leader .
Johannes Legrant ( fl . c. 1420 -- 1440 ) was a French or Burgundian composer of the early Renaissance .
Felice Anerio ( c. 1560 -- 26 or 27 September 1614 ) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras , and a member of the Roman School of composers .
Basil Kennett ( 1674 - -1715 ) was a Church of England cleric who served as the first chaplain to the British Factory at Leghorn .
Richard Hartmann ( 8 November 1809 -- 16 December 1878 ) was a German engineering manufacturer .
Shyam Kumari Khan ( née Nehru , 20 October 1904 - 9 June 1980 ) was an Indian lawyer , freedom fighter , politician and social worker .
Anthony Coucheron ( also recorded as Anton Coucheron or Anthony Willemsen ; c.1650 -- 14 March 1689 ) was an engineering officer .
Jean Hepburn , Lady Darnley , Mistress of Caithness , Lady Morham ( died 1599 ) was a Scottish noblewoman and a member of the Border clan of Hepburn .
Sir David Aubrey Scott GCMG ( 3 August 1919 -- 27 December 2010 ) was a British diplomat who served as High Commissioner to New Zealand and Ambassador to South Africa .
Clara de Chatelain , née Clara Du Mazet de Pontigny ( 31 July 1807 , London -- 30 June 1876 , London ) was an English writer , composer and translator .
Sankari Prasad Basu ( 21 October 1928 -- 6 July 2014 , also credited as Sankariprasad Basu ) is an Indian scholar , writer and critic who writes mainly in the Bengali language .
Pedro Fernández Checa , usually known as Pedro Checa ( 1910 -- 6 August 1942 ) was a Spanish Communist who played a leading role in the party during the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - -39 ) .
Thomas Hoccleve or Occleve ( c. 1368 - -1426 ) was an English poet and clerk .
Ferenc Sipos ( 13 December 1932 -- 17 March 1997 ) was a Hungarian footballer and trainer .
Guarin ( French : Guérin , Italian : Guarino , Norman : Warin ) ( died 21 January 1137 ) was the chaplain ( magister capellanus ) and chancellor of Roger II of Sicily from about 1130 to his death , during the first decade of the Norman kingdom of Sicily .
Rev. Joseph Cooke ( 1775 - -1811 ) , a Free Christian , was expelled by the Wesleyan Methodists on doctrinal grounds and became the inspiration behind the Methodist Unitarian movement formed under the leadership of another former Wesleyan Joseph Ashworth .
Meiler Bourke , 11th Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower ( North ) Connacht , died 1520 .
Reverend David Railton MC MA , ( 13 November 1884 -- 13 June 1955 ) was a Church of England clergyman , a Military chaplain and the originator of the idea of the Grave of The Unknown Warrior .
Robert Habersham Coleman ( 1856 - -1930 ) was an iron processing and railroad industrialist and owner of extensive farmland in Pennsylvania .
Carl Ernst Naumann ( 15 August 1832 -- 15 December 1910 ) was a German organist , composer , conductor , editor , arranger and musicologist .
Peter Kastner ( 1 October 1943 -- 18 September 2008 ) was a Canadian - born actor who achieved prominence as a disaffected youth in movies of the 1960s .
Sir Mark Wood , 1st Baronet ( 16 March 1750 -- 6 February 1829 ) was an army officer and engineer .
Dangereuse de l'Isle Bouchard ( Poitevin : Dangerosa ; 1079 - 1151 ) was the daughter of Bartholomew de l'Isle Bouchard .
Peter Bisaillon ( also Bezellon or Bizaillon ) , ( baptized Pierre ) ( c. 1662 -- 18 July 1742 ) was born in France and came to New France with four of his brothers ; all of whom occupied themselves with the trade with various native tribes .
Maurice Fishberg ( 1872 - -1934 ) was a Jewish - American physical anthropologist who specialised in ethnology of the Jews .
Lizbeth Stewart ( 1948 - -2013 ) , who is also known as Lizbeth McNett Stewart , was an American ceramist who was born in Philadelphia and grew up in Southampton , Pennsylvania .
Ernst Mahler ( October 17 , 1887 -- July 30 , 1967 ) was an Austrian chemist and leader of the Kimberly - Clark Corporation in Wisconsin .
S. Omar Barker ( 1894 - -1985 ) , an oft - recited cowboy poet was born in a log cabin in New Mexico where he lived his entire life as a rancher , teacher and writer .
James Creed Meredith K.C. , LL.D. ( 28 November 1875 -- 14 August 1942 ) was an Irish nationalist of the early 20th century , who upheld Brehon Law .
George Landseer , was an English painter born 1829 and died in London 1878 ; he was the nephew of Sir Edwin Henry Landseer and his father Thomas Landseer was also an artist .
Boston King ( c. 1760 - -1802 ) was a former American slave and Black Loyalist , who gained freedom from the British and settled in Nova Scotia after the American Revolutionary War .
Robert Preston , 1st Viscount Gormanston ( 1435 - -1503 ) was an Irish peer and statesman who held the offices of Deputy to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland and Lord Deputy of Ireland .
Sir Richard Tichborne , 2nd Baronet ( 1578 -- April 1652 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1597 .
John Jeremy Lloyd , OBE ( 22 July 1930 -- 23 December 2014 ) was an English writer , screenwriter , author , poet and actor , best known as co - author and writer of several successful British sitcoms , including Are You Being Served ? and ' Allo ' Allo!.
Chaim Widawski ( c. 1906 - -June 1944 ) was a popular Zionist activist in the Łódź Ghetto during World War II . After the German takeover of Poland , the Nazis confiscated personal radios from Jews and Poles , and their possession was made punishable by death .
Otto Ender ( 24 December 1875 - 25 June 1960 ) was an Austrian political figure .
Paolo Cavara ( 4 July 1926 -- 7 August 1982 ) was an Italian screenwriter and a film director .
Dorothea Ruth Etchells ( 17 April 1931 -- 8 August 2012 ) was an English poet and college principal who spent most of her working life in the University of Durham .
John Towill Rutt ( 1760 - -1841 ) was an English political activist , social reformer and nonconformist man of letters .
Sasi Perumal ( Tamil : சசி பெருமாள் ) ( c. 1955 -- 31 July 2015 ) was a Gandhian activist and anti - liquor activist from Salem , Tamil Nadu .
Willie Toner ( 18 December 1929 -- 29 March 1999 ) was a Scottish football player and manager , who played for Celtic , Sheffield United , Kilmarnock , Hibernian and Ayr United .
Elizabeth Inglis ( 10 July 1913 -- 25 August 2007 ) was an English actress , known for her role in The Letter , opposite Bette Davis .
George Luke ( 17 December 1933 -- 24 March 2010 ) was an English footballer who played as a left - winger for Newcastle United , Hartlepools United and Darlington in the 1950s and early 1960s .
Kazbek Gekkiyev ( c.1984 -- 5 December 2012 ) was a Russian television journalist who was killed on 5 December 2012 in the North Caucasus Republic of Kabardino - Balkaria .
Thomas Haydock ( 1772 - -1859 ) , born of one of the oldest English Catholic Recusant families , was a schoolmaster and publisher .
Harry Norman Brookman ( 22 January 1884 -- 26 April 1949 ) , always referred to as Norman Brookman , was a farmer and politician in South Australia .
Thapliyal Gyaneshwar Prasad ( 19 October 1938 -- 25 November 2007 ) was an Indian first - class cricketer who played for Delhi cricket team and Southern Punjab .
Reginald Logan Rait ( January 1902 -- 1975 ) , was a British Pattenmaker and Liberal Party politician .
Roy Furr ( 1907 -- June 13 , 1975 ) was the president of the Furr 's chain of supermarkets and restaurants .
Iustinianus ( died 407 AD ) was a Roman military commander who supported the usurper Constantine III .
Carl Fredrik Wisløff ( 31 December 1908 -- 25 June 2004 ) was a Norwegian theologian and Christian preacher , who spent much of his professional career at the MF Norwegian School of Theology .
Robert Murcutt ( 1791 - -1835 ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Cambridge Town Club who was active in the 1820s .
Raimondo Scoppa ( March 22 , 1820 -- 1890 ) was an Italian painter of both historical subjects and landscapes .
Philip H. Bruck ( January 6 , 1845 -- January 6 , 1920 ) was the 29th mayor of Columbus , Ohio and the 26th person to serve in that office .
William Bingley ( January 1774 -- 11 March 1823 ) was an English cleric , naturalist and writer .
Emma Vyssotsky ( October 23 , 1894 -- May , 1975 ) , born Emma T. R. Williams in Media , Pennsylvania was an American astronomer .
Sir William Henry Watson QC ( 1 July 1796 -- 13 March 1860 ) , was a British politician and judge .
Josephine Thrane ( née Buch ; 5 April 1820 -- 30 September 1862 ) was a Norwegian teacher and political activist .
Venerable Teresa Chikaba ( c. 1676 -- December 6 , 1748 ) was an Guinean princess declared as Venerable by the Catholic Church .
Paul Rosbaud ( 18 November 1896 - -28 January 1963 ) , was a metallurgist and scientific adviser for Springer Verlag in Germany before and during World War II . He continued in science publishing after the war with Pergamon Press in Oxford , England .
Herluf Trolle ( 14 January 1516 -- 25 June 1565 ) was a Danish naval hero , Admiral of the Fleet and co - founder of Herlufsholm
John Howson ( c. 1557 -- 6 February 1632 ) was an English academic and bishop .
Alex Konadu ( 1950 -- 18 January 2011 ) was a Ghanaian guitarist who was known for his contribution to the Highlife tradition .
Paul Raphael Montford ( 1 November 1868 -- 15 January 1938 ) was an English - born sculptor , active in Australia ; winner of the gold medal of the Royal Society of British Sculptors in 1934 .
Wilfred Harvey Schoff ( 1874 - -1932 ) was an early twentieth century American antiquarian and classical scholar .
María Santos Corrales ( November 1 , 1797 -- 1881 ) was the inspiration of Peru 's famous poet and patriot soldier , Mariano Melgar ; she is forever immortalized as `` Silvia '' in his poetry .
Richard Dunthorne ( 1711 -- 3 March 1775 ) was an English astronomer and surveyor , who worked in Cambridge as astronomical and scientific assistant to Roger Long ( master of Pembroke Hall and Lowndean Professor of Astronomy and Geometry ) , and also concurrently for many years as surveyor to the Bedford Level Corporation .
Leland Lawrence Briggs ( April 24 , 1893 -- November 12 , 1975 ) was an American accounting scholar , and Professor at the University of Vermont , known as founder of The Accountants Digest , which he edited and published until 1973 .
Simon Mathews ( died 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler in 1712 .
Ulysses Grant - Smith ( 1870 - -1959 ) was an American diplomat originally from Washington County , Pennsylvania .
Johan Martin Preisler ( 14 March 1715 in Nuremberg -- 17 November 1794 in Copenhagen ) was a German engraver , most notable for his work in Denmark .
Kārlis Kļava ( 9 March 1907 -- 1941 ) was a Latvian military officer and sports shooter .
Baldwin Hamey the Younger M.D. ( 1600 - -1676 ) was an English physician , now best known as a medical biographer .
Eugene C. Whitney ( 26 August 1913 -- 22 March 1998 ) was a celebrated power engineer who designed hydroelectric turbines and generators at Westinghouse Electric Company .
Wilmot Hyde Bradley , aka `` Bill '' Bradley ( 4 April 1899 in New Haven , CT -- 12 April 1979 in Bangor , ME ) was a co - founder ( 1943 ) and Chief of the Branch of Military Geology and Chief Geologist of the U.S. Geological Survey from 1944 to 1959 .
John Barkham , D.D. ( 1572?--1642 ) was an English clergyman , antiquary and historian .
Captain Sir Robert Henry Muirhead Collins KCMG , ( 1852 - -1927 ) was an English - born Royal Navy officer , Colonial ( Permanent Victorian Naval Forces ) naval officer , Colonial public servant , Australian Federationist , Australian public service department head and Australia 's official representative in London .
Wladimir Burliuk ( Ukrainian : Володимир Давидович Бурлюк ; Russian : Владимир Давидович Бурлюк ; 1886 - -1917 ) was a Ukrainian avant - garde artist ( Neo - Primitivist and Cubo - Futurist ) , book illustrator .
Henry Compton , 1st Baron Compton ( 14 July 1544 -- 10 December 1589 ) was an English peer and Member of Parliament .
Fawzi al - Ghazzi ( 1891 - -1929 ) ( Arabic : فوزي الغزي‎ ) , was a Syrian politician known for being the father of the Syrian constitution .
Ruud Knuppe ( 6 August 1938 , Amsterdam - 19 April 2002 , Jisp ) was a Dutch sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s .
John Madew ( died 1555 ) was an English churchman and academic , Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge and Master of Clare Hall .
Sir Humphrey Wingfield ( died 1545 ) was an English lawyer and Speaker of the House of Commons of England between 1533 and 1536 .
Ivan Stojmenović ( 1957 -- 3 November 2014 ) was a Serbian - Canadian mathematician and computer scientist well known for his contributions to communications networks and algorithms .
Most Rev. Dr. Nicholas Donnelly ( 23 November 1837 -- 29 March 1920 ) , D.D. , MRIA , was a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of Dublin .
Richard de Luci ( 1089 -- 14 July 1179 ) ( also Richard de Lucy ) was first noted as High Sheriff of Essex , after which he was made Chief Justiciar of England .
Joanna Wiszniewicz ( 18 March 1947 -- 31 January 2009 ) was a Polish academic and historian .
Gustav Winkler ( 11 May 1867 in Liegnitz -- 26 April 1954 in Berlin ) was a German industrialist .
Jan Weenix or Joannis Wenix ( between 1640/1649 -- 19 September 1719 ( buried ) ) was a Dutch painter .
Wadie Haddad ( Arabic : وديع حداد‎ ; 1927 -- 28 March 1978 ) , also known as Abu Hani , was a Palestinian leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine 's armed wing .
Helen Naha ( 1922 - -1993 ) was the matriarch in a family of well known Hopi potters .
José Álvarez de Toledo y Dubois ( 14 May 1779 , Havana - 16 April 1858 , Paris ) was a politician and leader of a military force against Spanish rule in Texas .
Jonathan Bates ( 1 November 1939 -- 31 October 2008 ) was an English sound editor .
Caesar Kleberg ( September 20 , 1873 - 1946 ) was an American conservationist , born in Cuero , Texas .
Andra Gavrilović ( Serbian : Андра Гавриловић ; Svilajnac , Principality of Serbia 11 July 1864 -- Belgrade , Kingdom of Yugoslavia 24 February 1929 ) was Serbian historian , historian of literature , writer and diplomat .
Joanne Woollard ( died 27 February 2015 ) was a British art director .
Sanya Dharmasakti ( Thai : สัญญา ธรรมศักดิ์ , rtgs : Sanya Thammasak , pronunciation : ( sǎn.jaː tʰam.má.sàk ) , 5 April 1907 -- 6 January 2002 ) was a Thai jurist , university professor and politician .
Ernst Hellmut Vits ( 19 September 1903 -- 23 January 1970 ) was a German lawyer who headed the rayon manufacturer Vereinigte Glanzstoff - Fabriken ( VGF ) from 1940 to 1969 .
Henry Grey , 4th Earl of Kent ( c. 1495 -- 24 September 1562 ) was Earl of Kent from 1524 to his death .
Thomas Vavasour ( born about 1536 - 7 ; died at Kingston upon Hull , 2 May 1585 ) was an English Roman Catholic physician , and pensioner of St John 's College , Cambridge .
George Finch , 9th Earl of Winchilsea KG PC FRS ( 4 November 1752 -- 2 August 1826 ) was an important figure in the history of cricket .
Mark Keyworth ( 19 February 1948 -- 23 November 2014 ) was an English rugby union player who played for Swansea , Aberystwyth , the North Midlands county team and the national team .
Vilho Turunen ( 16 December 1923 , Polvijärvi - 8 February 1973 ) was a Finnish agricultural worker , logger , trade union functionary and politician .
Paul Prosper Henrys ( or Paul - Prosper ) ( 13 March 1862 -- 6 November 1943 ) was a French general .
Christopher Airay ( 1601 -- 18 October 1670 ) was an English preacher and a pioneer in English logic .
Joyce La Mers ( 1920 -- October 2013 ) was an American writer of light poetry .
Stanley Royle ( 1888 - -1961 ) was a post - impressionist English landscape painter and illustrator who lived for most of his life in and around Sheffield ( England ) and Canada .
John Edward Sawyer ( 1917 -- 1995 ) was a prominent academic and philanthropic administrator .
João Soares de Sousa ( 1493 in Vila do Porto -- 2 January 1571 in Vila do Porto ) was the third Donatary - Captain of Santa Maria , succeeding his father João Soares de Albergaria , who had died on 1499 .
Svatopluk Havelka ( born 2 May 1925 -- 24 February 2009 ) was a Czech composer .
Adriana Basile ( ca . 1580 -- ca . 1640 ) was an Italian composer and singer .
I m Yunjidang ( 任允摯堂 ; 1721 - 1793 ) was a Korean scholar , writer and neo - Confucian philosopher .
Admiral Sir Erasmus Ommanney KCB , FRS , FRGS , JP ( 22 May 1814 -- 21 December 1904 ) was a Royal Navy officer and an Arctic explorer of the Victorian era .
Ruy Fernández de Fuenmayor ( 1603 - 1651 ) was a Spanish soldier who was governor of Venezuela Province between 1637 and 1644 .
John Ayliffe , LL.D. ( 1676 - -1732 ) was an English jurist , expelled from the University of Oxford in a high - profile controversy .
Fred Newton Scott ( 1860 - -1931 ) was an American writer , educator and rhetorician .
Tich Gwilym ( 10 September 1950 -- 19 June 2005 ) , born Robert Gwilliam , was a Welsh rock guitarist who was most notable for his Hendrix inspired version of the Welsh national anthem , Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau , considered one of the most famous renditions of the song .
Eugen Anton Theophil von Podbielski ( 17 October 1814 -- 31 October 1879 ) was a general in the Prussian cavalry and general inspector of the artillery .
Leveson Francis Vernon - Harcourt ( 1839 - -1907 ) was a British civil engineer , author of several treatises on river and harbour engineering .
Blanche Robinson ( Mrs. Martin Hennion Robinson , née Williams ; 18 May 1883 , near Liberty , Kansas -- 19 August 1969 , Los Angeles ) was an American composer and well - known piano accompanist .
George Ffitch ( 15 January 1929 - 5 July 2001 ) was a British newsreader , television presenter , radio personality and journalist .
Jehoiada Brewer ( 1752?--1817 ) was a Welsh dissenting minister .
Sir Gilbert Greenall , 1st Baronet DL ( 11 May 1806 -- 10 July 1894 ) , was a British businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1847 and 1892 .
Nepomucena Kostecka , née Żółkowska ( 24 November 1807 -- 10 March 1847 ) was a Polish stage actress .
Juan Ángel Arias ( 1800 - -1842 ) served as the acting Supremo Director of Honduras ( 24 December 1829 -- 22 April 1830 ) .
The Right Reverend Francis Paget , DD ( 20 March 1851 -- 2 August 1911 ) was an English theologian , author and the 33rd Bishop of Oxford .
Zhang Huizan ( 1884 or 1885 - 28 January 1931 ) was a Lieutenant general in the Chinese National Revolutionary Army .
Pieter Corbeels ( Leuven , 12 March 1755 -- Tournai , 21 June 1799 ) was a Belgian book printer and resistance leader .
Peter Hansson is a co - founder and guitarist ( 1987 - -1993 ) of Swedish metal band Therion .
Immanuel Halton ( 1628 - -1699 ) was an English astronomer and mathematician , an associate of John Flamsteed .
Olivia Rossetti Agresti ( 30 September 1875 -- 6 November 1960 ) was a British activist , author , editor , and interpreter .
José Antonio de Areche Zornoza ( died 1788 ) was a Spanish visitador in Peru ( 1777 - -82 ) .
José del Carmen Quesada del Río ( 1833 - 1885 ) was a Chilean lawyer and magistrate .
Ketil Egge ( 11 March 1950 -- 26 March 1997 ) is a Norwegian actor and theatre director .
Vinayak Narayan Patwardhan ( ) ( 22 July 1898 -- 23 August 1975 ) , also known as Pandit Vinayakrao Patwardhan and Patwardhanbuwa as an Indian vocalist of Gwaliar - genre of Hindustani classical music .
Katharina of Nassau - Beilstein ( died : 6 September 1459 ) was the daughter of Count Henry II of Nassau - Beilstein and his wife , Katharina of Randerode .
Anderson Ruffin Abbott , M.D. ( 7 April 1837 -- 29 December 1913 ) was the first Black Canadian to be a licensed physician .
Charles Townshend , 2nd Viscount Townshend Bt KG PC FRS ( /ˈtaʊnzənd/ ; 18 April 1674 -- 21 June 1738 ) was a British Whig statesman .
John Albert Broadus ( 1827 - -1895 ) was an American Baptist pastor and President of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary .
Carl Augustus Heber ( April 15 , 1874 or 1875 --1956 ) was an American sculptor noted for his public monuments .
Charles - Théophile Gaudin ( 4 August 1822 , Petit - Château , near Lausanne -- 12 January 1866 , Lausanne ) was a Swiss paleontologist known for his research in the field of paleobotany .
Agnes Mortimer , Countess of Pembroke ( 1317 -- 25 July 1368 ) was the wife of Laurence Hastings , 1st Earl of Pembroke .
Corneliu Dragalina ( 5 February 1887 , Caransebeș -- 11 July 1949 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian General during World War II , the son of the World War I - general Ion Dragalina .
Cornelis Lely ( Dutch pronunciation : ( kɔrˈneːlɪs ˈleːli ) ; 23 September 1854 -- 22 January 1929 ) was a Dutch civil engineer and statesman .
Joseph Ady ( 1770 - -1852 ) was a notorious English impostor .
Holger Gilbert - Jespersen ( 22 September 1890 -- 30 July 1975 ) was a Danish flutist , orchestral musician and academic flute teacher .
Helen Hooker or Helen Hooker O'Malley Roelefs ( 1 January 1905 -- 2 April 1993 ) was an American sculptor and portrait painter who spent a considerable part of career in Ireland .
Lieutenant General Alexander Mackenzie Fraser ( 1758 - 13 September 1809 ) was a British General .
Giovanni Bassignani ( 1669 -- May 1717 ) was an Italian architect and engineer of the late - Baroque .
Helen Octavia Dickens ( 1909 - -2001 ) was the first African - American woman to be admitted to the American College of Surgeons .
Albert Webster Edgerly ( 1852 -- 1926 ) was a 19th- and 20th - century American social reform activist .
Hamilton Wright Mabie , A.M. , L.H.D. , LL.D. ( 1846 - -1916 ) was an American essayist , editor , critic , and lecturer .
Laurel Elizabeth Keyes ( died 1983 ) was an American author , lecturer and counselor .
John - Baptiste Nguyễn Bửu Đồng was a Vietnamese Roman Catholic priest from the city of Huế who was murdered by the Việtcộng during the 1968 Tet Offensive .
John Cook Wilson ( born Nottingham 6 June 1849 , died 11 August 1915 ) was an English philosopher .
Major General Hisham Ikhtiyar ( 1941 -- 20 July 2012 ) ( family name also transliterated as Ikhtiar , Bakhtiar , Bekhityar , Bekhtyar and other variants ) was a Syrian military official , and a national security adviser to president Bashar al - Assad .
Johannes Ludwig Janson ( 1 September 1849 -- 28 October 1914 ) was a German specialist in veterinary science .
Mary Wimbush ( 19 March 1924 -- 31 October 2005 ) was an English actress whose career spanned sixty years from the 1940s to the 2000s .
Lars Olsson Smith ( 12 October 1836 -- 9 December 1913 ) , also L.O. Smith , was a Swedish spirits manufacturer and politician .
Ella Fry ( née Robinson ) ( 1916 - -1997 ) was an artist , musician , and chairperson of the Western Australian Art Gallery , in Perth , Western Australia from 1976 to 1986 .
Humble Ward , 1st Baron Ward , of Birmingham ( c. 1614 -- 14 October 1670 ) was the son and heir of William Ward , a London goldsmith .
Marharajah Badan Singh ( Hindi : बदन सिंह ) ( Reign : 1722 - -1756 ) was the formal founder of the princely state of Bharatpur .
Bobby Buckle ( 1869 - -1959 ) was one of twelve schoolboys who founded the Hotspur Football Club in 1882 later to become Tottenham Hotspur Football Club .
James Henthorn Todd ( 23 April 1805 -- 28 June 1869 ) was a biblical scholar , educator , and Irish historian .
Michel Bakhoum ( 1913 - -1981 ; Arabic : ميشيل باخوم‎ , Mīšīl Bāḫūm ) was an Egyptian consulting civil engineer , university professor , and a researcher in concrete structures .
Francis Chambers ( 1828/1829 - 30 November 1900 ) was a British architect , active in London .
Frank Stukus died July 2001 , age 83 , pre - deceased by his first wife Anna and his son Frank Jr. , and survived by wife Audrey , daughter Maureen and grandchildren Robert and Anna .
Hugh Potter ( 1596 -- 12 February 1662 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1662 .
Luis Ceballos y Fernández de Córdoba ( 31 July 1896 in San Lorenzo de El Escorial -- 26 September 1967 ) was a Spanish forest engineer and botanist .
Archibald Targett ( 1862 -- 1931 ) was a tinsmith and political figure in Newfoundland .
Arba Seymour Van Valkenburgh ( 1862 - -1944 ) , was an American jurist who served as a Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit .
Mary Jane Seaman , married name Mrs. Chippendale ( 1837 ? , Salisbury -- 26 May 1888 , Camberwell ) was an English actress .
Rose Beaudet ( 1862 - -1947 ) was an American actress and opera singer of the late Victorian era and early 20th century who regularly appeared in musical theatre .
Phil Carreón ( aka Phillip Lozano Carreón , Jr. ; né Alonzo Carreón ; 6 May 1923 Los Angeles -- 13 October 2010 Boulder City , Nevada ) was an American big band leader based in Los Angeles who flourished from 1946 to 1952 , retiring from music in 1952 .
Sebastian Horsley ( born Marcus A. Horsley ; 8 August 1962 -- 17 June 2010 ) was a London artist .
Nelly Moore or Eleanora Moore ( 1844/45 -- 12 January 1869 ) was a British actress who died young .
Frederick Whitworth Aylmer , 6th Baron Aylmer ( 12 October 1777 -- 5 March 1858 ) was a British Royal Navy officer who fought during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars and who eventually rose to the rank of admiral .
Giancarlo Rastelli ( 1934 - -1970 ) was a cardiac surgeon .
Fráech mac Finchada or Fróech mac Findchado ( died 495 ) was a king of Leinster .
Les Charge ( 27 July 1891 -- 30 March 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
François de Bas ( 10 September 1840 -- 22 February 1931 ) was a Dutch general and military historian .
Charles Lambart , 3rd Earl of Cavan ( 7 September 1649 -- 5 December 1702 ) was an Irish peer .
Walter Rehberg ( 14 May 1900 in Geneva -- 24 October 1957 ) was a Swiss concert pianist , composer and writer on musical subjects who was particularly active from the 1920s to 1950s .
Carl Martin Bergh ( December 22 , 1849 -- June 15 , 1906 ) was a Norwegian - American immigrant who is most associated with the resettlement of fellow Scandinavian families to the area of James City County and York County surrounding the community of Norge , Virginia .
Giorgio Borg Olivier ( Maltese : Ġorġ Borg Olivier ) ( 5 July 1911 -- 29 October 1980 ) , also known as George Borg Olivier , was a Maltese statesman and leading politician .
George Millay ( 4 July 1929 - -7 February 2006 ) was a United States businessman , founder of SeaWorld and the Wet ' n Wild water parks .
Archduke Friedrich , Duke of Teschen ( Friedrich Maria Albrecht Wilhelm Karl ; 4 June 1856 -- 30 December 1936 ) was a member of the House of Habsburg and the Supreme Commander of the Austro - Hungarian Army during World War I.
Heinrich Meldahl ( 8 September 1776 -- 24 February 1840 ) was a Norwegian builder , architect and the owner of an iron foundry .
Thomas Brett ( 1747 , Catherington , Hampshire -- 31 December 1809 , Kingston Cross , Portsmouth , Hampshire ) was one of first - class cricket 's earliest well - known fast bowlers and a leading player for Hampshire when its team was organised by the Hambledon Club in the 1770s .
Moropant Ramchandra Paradkar ( Devanagari : मोरेश्वर रामजी पराडकर ) ( 1729 - -1794 ) , popularly known in Maharashtra as Moropant ( मोरोपंत ) or Mayur Pandit ( मयूर पंडित ) , was a Karhade Brahmin Marathi poet who was the last among those classified by Marathi literary scholars as pandit ( पंडित ) poets .
Antonio Ruiz - Pipó ( 27 April 1934 -- 24 October 1997 ) was a Spanish virtuoso pianist and composer .
Bayin Htwe ( Burmese : ဘုရင်ထွေး , pronounced : ( bəjɪ̀ɴ tʰwé ) ; died 1533 ) was king of Prome from 1526 to 1532 .
George Rex ( 29 August 1765 - 3 April 1839 ) was a British - born entrepreneur who spent most of his adult life in the Cape Colony , South Africa .
Gustav Kramer ( 11 March 1910 -- 19 April 1959 ) was a German zoologist and ornithologist who specialised in allometry .
Sidney Griffith ( née Wynne ; died 1752 ) , known in her time as `` Madam '' Griffith , was an important figure in the Welsh Methodist revival of the mid-18th century .
José Veríssimo Dias de Matos ( 8 April 1857 -- 2 December 1916 ) was a writer , educator , journalist , literary critic , and founding member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters .
Otto Detlev Creutzfeldt ( 1 April 1927 -- 23 January 1992 ) was a German physiologist and neurologist .
Milorad Nedeljković ( 3 December 1883 , Knjaževac , Kingdom of Serbia - 1961 , France ) was a Serbian economist and Axis - collaborating politician .
Diponegoro ( Mustahar ; Antawirya ; 11 November 1785 -- 8 January 1855 ) , also known as Dipanegara , was a Javanese prince who opposed the Dutch colonial rule .
Tomás Ó Canainn ( 1930 -- 15 September 2013 ) was an Irish Uilleann piper , accordion player , singer , composer , researcher , writer and lecturer in both electrical engineering ( principally control engineering ) and music .
Maol Muire Ó hÚigínn ( Anglicised : Miler O'Higgin , died circa 1590 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman .
Wickliffe Draper ( August 9 , 1891 -- 1972 ) was an American multimillionaire and philanthropist .
Emanoil Bârzotescu ( 20 October , 1888 - 3 July , 1968 ) was a Romanian Major - General during World War II . He served as General Officer Commanding 1st Division from 1940 to 1942 , and retired in 1942 .
Endymion Porter ( 1587 - -1649 ) was an English diplomat and royalist .
Carolina Uccelli ( 1810 - -1885 ) was an Italian composer known for opera .
Ethel Dench Puffer Howes ( 1872 - -1950 ) was an American psychologist and feminist organizer .
Sampson Gideon ( February 1699 in London -- 17 October 1762 ) was a Jewish - British banker in the City of London .
Sir Edward Bagnall Poulton , FRS ( 27 January 1856 -- 20 November 1943 ) was a British evolutionary biologist who was a lifelong advocate of natural selection through a period in which many scientists such as Reginald Punnett doubted its importance .
Alexander Cores ( 1901-February 5 , 1994 ) was a violinist and founder and first violin of the Dorian String Quartet .
The Reverend Dr Robert Stirling ( 25 October 1790 -- 6 June 1878 ) was a Scottish clergyman , and inventor of the Stirling engine .
Sir James Grant , 1st Baronet ( died 1695 ) was a Scottish lawyer of the seventeenth century .
Gwynfor Davies ( 12 August 1908 - 10 March 1972 ) was a Welsh cricketer .
Rudolf Ruedemann ( October 16 , 1864 - -June 18 , 1956 ) was a German American paleontologist , widely known as an expert in graptolites , enigmatic fossil animals .
Captain Charles John Philip Cave FRAS , FSA ( 1 May 1871 -- 8 December 1950 ) was a meteorologist , a church architectural historian , and a captain in the Royal Engineers .
David Broadfoot GC ( 21 July 1899 -- 31 January 1953 ) was a Scottish seaman awarded the George Cross for his role during the sinking of the MV Princess Victoria .
Gustaf Flink , born 18 January 1848 in Ås Parish , Skaraborg County , died 11 January 1931 , was a Swedish mineralogist .
Tom Dardis ( 1926 - -2001 ) was an American author and editor .
Vasile Roaită ( 1914 - -16 February 1933 ) was a Romanian railway worker for Căile Ferate Române , shot during the Griviţa Strike of 1933 and later touted as a proletarian hero under the Communist regime of Gheorghe Gheorghiu - Dej .
Alfred Cowles , Jr. ( 5 January 1865 , Chicago -- 15 January 1939 , Chicago ) He was the son of Alfred Cowles , Sr . and Sarah Hutchinson Cowles .
Tung Kuei - sen ( 1951 - 3 April 1991 ) was a member of the Taiwan - based United Bamboo Gang .
Ted Nealon ( 24 November 1929 -- 28 January 2014 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and journalist .
General Sir Robert Henry MacFarlane , KCB , GCH ( 1771 - -1841 ) was a British Army officer during the Napoleonic Wars .
Dentist Stanley D. Tylman ( 1893 - 1982 ) taught more than 1,000 students at the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry in his career as a Professor of Dentistry ( 1920 - 1962 ) and head of the Department of Fixed Partial Prosthodontics , and also influenced dentists internationally .
William Mackay Mackenzie ( 1871 - -1952 ) was a Scottish historian , archaeologist and writer , who was Secretary of the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland between 1913 and 1935 , and also an expert on folk - lore .
Kevin Whyman ( 4 October 1975 - 1 August 2015 ) was an English rower , turned air pilot , who died in an aviation accident at the 2015 CarFest .
Geertruid Adriaansdochter ( ? ? in Wormer -- 1573 in IJpesloot near Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch farmer .
Francis X. King ( 10 January 1934 -- 8 November 1994 ) was a British occult writer and editor who wrote about tarot , divination , witchcraft , magic , sex magic , tantra , and holistic medicine .
Savitri Khanolkar , born Eve Yvonne Maday de Maros , on July 20 , 1913 -- 1990 in Neuchâtel , Switzerland .
Gangadhar Nehru ( 1827 -- February 1861 ) was an Indian police officer , who served as the last kotwal of Delhi ( Chief of police ) in the court of Bahadur Shah II , before the position was abolished following the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
Sir Edward Beauchamp , 1st Baronet ( 12 April 1849 -- 1 February 1925 ) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician .
Godfroy Langlois ( 26 December 1866 -- 6 April 1928 ) was a politician , a journalist and a lawyer in Quebec .
John Blake ( 1890 -- 2 September 1960 ) , better known as Bandsman Jack Blake , was a British boxer who became British middleweight champion in 1916 .
Samuel Eson Johnson Ecoma ( 29 November 1930 -- 30 August 1999 ) was a Nigerian jurist and the Chief Judge of Cross River State appointed in March 1990 .
John Reynell ( 1809 - -1873 ) was a South Australian winemaker .
Friedrich William Adalbert von Bredow ( 24 May 1814 -- 3 March 1890 ) was a German cavalry officer .
Jacometto Veneziano ( active 1472 - -1497 ) , was an Italian painter .
John Hamilton , 1st Marquess of Hamilton ( c. 1535 -- 26 April 1604 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Sir Henry Bagenal PC ( c. 1556 -- 14 August 1598 ) was marshal of the army in Ireland during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I.
Sigebert III ( c. 630 - -656/660 ) was the king of Austrasia from 634 to his death ; probably on 1 February 656 , or maybe as late as 660 .
George Henry Bruce Blunt , otherwise known as Bruce Blunt ( 1 July 1899 -- 8 July 1957 ) was an English poet , journalist and wine merchant best known for his collaborations with the composer Peter Warlock .
Victor Roelens ( 21 July 1858 -- 5 August 1947 ) was a Belgian priest who became Vicar Apostolic of Upper Congo in 1895 , and remained the premier bishop in the Congo Free State , then the Belgian Congo , until he retired in 1941 .
Givi Amilakhvari ( Georgian : გივი ამილახვარი ) ( 1689 - -1754 ) was a Georgian nobleman ( tavadi ) with a prominent role in the politics of eastern Georgia in the first half of the 18th century .
Sir Frederick Dixon - Hartland , 1st Baronet ( 1 May 1832 -- 15 November 1909 ) was an antiquary , banker and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1881 to 1909 .
Charles Alfred Matley ( 1866 - -1947 ) was a British paleontologist and geologist in India , the British West Indies and Wales .
Herman Rudolf Günsberg ( 1827 - -1879 ) was a chemist originating in Pidkamin , near Brody who distinguished himself by his fostering of the economic development of Galicia .
Victor Bruns ( Russian : Виктор Брунс ; 15 August 1904 -- 6 December 1996 ) was a German composer and bassoonist .
Heneage Finch , 6th Earl of Aylesford DL ( 24 December 1824 -- 10 January 1871 ) , styled Lord Guernsey until 1859 , was a British peer and politician .
John Pennington , 1st Baron Muncaster ( c. 1740 -- 8 October 1813 ) , known as John Pennington until 1783 , was a British peer and Tory politician .
Sir Anthony Kingston ( ca . 1508 -- 14 April 1556 ) was an English royal official , holder of various positions under several Tudor monarchs .
Wang Ya ( Chinese : 王涯 ; died December 17 , 835 ) , courtesy name Guangjin ( 廣津 ) , formally Duke of Dai ( 代公 ) , was an official of the Chinese Tang dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Xianzong and Emperor Xianzong 's grandson Emperor Wenzong .
Hugh Smyth , OBE ( 1941 -- 12 May 2014 ) was a Northern Irish politician who was leader of the Progressive Unionist Party .
His Majesty Ambrose Ezeolisa Allagoa ( 1914 - 2003 ) was King of Nembe Kingdom from 1980 until his death .
Denis Flannery ( 2 April 1928 -- 12 February 2012 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 50s .
Kieron Moore ( born Ciarán Ó hAnnracháin Anglicised Kieron O’Hanrahan ) ( 5 October 1924 -- 15 July 2007 ) was an Irish film and television actor whose career was at its peak in the 1950s and 1960s .
Laurent - Benoît Dewez ( 14 April 1731 -- 1 November 1812 ) was a Belgian architect of Walloon origin .
General Sir Robert John Hussey Vivian GCB ( 1802 - -1887 ) was a British officer in the Madras infantry from the Vivian family .
Giuseppe Vari ( 9 March 1924 -- 1 October 1993 ) was an Italian film director , editor and screenwriter .
Erling Falk ( 12 August 1887 -- 31 July 1940 ) was a Norwegian politician , ideologist and writer .
Herbert Edward Andrewes ( 1863 , Reading - 1950 , Highgate ) was an English entomologist who specialised in beetles of the order Coleoptera .
The Rt Revd Hollingworth Tully Kingdon DD ( known as Tully ) was an Anglican bishop , the second Bishop of Fredericton until his death on 13 October 1907 .
Manol Lazarov Sofiyanets ( Bulgarian:Манол Лазаров Софиянец ) born 1826 and died 1881 , was a Bulgarian educationalist , poet and writer based in Sofia .
M. C. Joshi ( 1928 - -1983 ) from Belgaum , India was a nuclear physicist and the founder and head of the university department of physics , University of Mumbai .
Maria of Bosnia ( German : Maria von Bosnien ; Bosnian : Марија , Marija ; d. 27 April 1403 ) was a member of the House of Kotromanić who married into the House of Helfenstein .
Louise Adeline Weitzel ( December 2 , 1862 -- May 6 , 1934 ) was an American writer of German descent .
Abraham Wood ( 1610 - -1682 ) , sometimes referred to as `` General '' or `` Colonel '' Wood , was an English fur trader ( specifically the beaver and deerskin trades ) and explorer of 17th century colonial Virginia .
Ernest Gagnon ( 7 November 1834 -- 15 September 1915 ) was a Canadian folklorist , composer , and organist .
Sir Norton Knatchbull , 1st Baronet ( 26 December 1602 -- 3 February 1685 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1679 .
Elijah Johnson ( c.1789(A ) -- April 3 , 1849 ) was an African American who was one of the first colonial agents of the American Colonization Society in what later became Liberia .
Sir John Maxwell Bemrose ( 1 July 1904 -- 13 July 1986 ) , known as Sir Max Bemrose , was an English industrialist , politician , and county officer for Derbyshire .
Ali ibn Yusuf ( Arabic : علي بن يوسف‎ ) ( born 1084 died 26 January 1143 ) was the 5th Almoravid king he reigned 1106 - -1143 .
Otto Sander ( 30 June 1941 -- 12 September 2013 ) was a German film , theater , and voice actor .
Robert MacCarty , Viscount Muskerry ( 1698 -- 19 September 1769 ) was an Irish officer of the Royal Navy , and a colonial administrator .
Gideon Lincecum ( 22 April 1793 -- 28 November 1874 ) was an American pioneer , historian , physician , philosopher , and naturalist .
Rosita Beatrice Missick - Butterfield , MBE ( 14 November 1936 -- 10 January 2015 ) was a Turks and Caicos Islander who served as the first woman Member of Parliament and Speaker of the House of Assembly of the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Julius Ernst Rautenstein ( ca . 1590 - 95 ; after 6 March 1654 ) was a German composer .
Sister Gertrude Morgan ( April 7 , 1900 -- July 8 , 1980 ) was a self taught African American artist , musician , poet and preacher .
Betty Duvall ( 1845 - -1891 ) was a Confederate spy during the American Civil War .
Ne Win ( Burmese : နေဝင်း IPA : ( ne wɪɴ ) ; 14 May 1910 -- 5 December 2002 ) was a Burmese politician and military commander .
Otto Wood ( 1894 -- Dec. 31 , 1930 ) was a Depression - era desperado , born in Wilkes County , N.C. in 1894 .
David G. Goodman ( 12 February 1946 -- 25 July 2011 ) was an American academic , author , editor and Japanologist .
Helene Anna Held ( 19 March 1872 -- 12 August 1918 ) , known professionally as Anna Held , was a Polish - born French stage performer and singer , most often associated with impresario Florenz Ziegfeld , her common - law husband .
Charles Bocquet ( 13 December 1918 -- 19 June 1977 ) was a French biologist , Professor of the Université de Paris and an expert on crustaceans .
Father Sergei Spytetsky ( Polish : Sergiusz Spytecki ) ( 12 July 1877- 28 August 1963 ) was an Orthodox ( and later Greek - Catholic ) priest .
Louisa Jo Killen ( né Louis Killen ; 10 January 1934 -- 9 August 2013 ) was an English folk singer from Gateshead , Tyneside .
Harold Trowbridge Pulsifer ( born November 18 , 1886 Manchester , Connecticut - 1948 Sarasota , Florida ) was an American poet and magazine editor .
Revaz Gabashvili ( Georgian : რევაზ გაბაშვილი ) ( November 6 , 1882 -- 1969 ) was a Georgian politician and writer involved in the independence movement and revolutionary journalism in the early 20th century .
Freddie Tavares ( 1913 - -1990 ) was an American musician and inventor .
Axel Erik Heinrichs ( 21 July 1890 -- 16 November 1965 ) was a Finnish military general .
Joseph Quinn ( c. 1861-July 5 , 1887 ) was a New York clerk , amateur wrestler and murder victim of Danny Lyons , a co - leader of the Whyos street gang .
Johann Lukas Legrand ( or Jean - Luc Le Grand ; 30 May 1755 -- 4 October 1836 ) was a Swiss silk ribbon manufacturer and politician at the time of the Helvetic Republic .
On 30 March 2012 , at 3:24 in the morning Nepali time , Tenga Rinpoche died .
John Drummond , 2nd Earl of Perth ( 1588 -- 11 June 1662 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Rombout Verhulst ( 15 January 1624 -- buried 27 November 1698 ) was a Flemish sculptor and draughtsman who spent most of his career in the Dutch Republic .
Dudley Mecum ( 1896 - -1978 ) was an American pianist , vocalist and songwriter .
István Szelmár , also known in Slovene as Števan Selmar ( 23 October 1820 -- 15 February 1877 ) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest and writer in the Kingdom of Hungary .
Daniel Gralath ( 30 May 1708 -- 23 July 1767 ) was a physicist and a mayor of Danzig .
Stephen Decatur Hatch ( b. 1839 - d. 1894 ) was a prominent late-19th century architect who was responsible for a number of historically or architecturally significant buildings in Manhattan , New York City and elsewhere .
Alfred Hoppe ( 6 June 1830 -- 15 April 1919 ) was an English cricketer active in the 1850s .
Anastasios Metaxas ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Μεταξάς , 27 February 1862 -- 28 January 1937 ) was a Greek architect and shooter .
Oliver Perry - Smith ( October 11 , 1884 in Philadelphia -- 13 May 1969 ) was an American rock climber , mountaineer and skier who moved to Dresden in 1902 to attend a technical university .
Charles Upham Shepard ( born in Little Compton , Rhode Island , 29 June 1804 ; died in Charleston , South Carolina , 1 May 1886 ) was an American mineralogist .
Henry Olaf Hoff ( 14 July 1912 -- 25 June 2011 ) was a Norwegian welder , trade unionist and politician for the Communist and Labour parties .
Mountague Bernard ( January 28 , 1820 -- 1882 ) was an English international lawyer .
Martin Schaffner ( 1478 - -1548 ) was a German painter and medallist .
Sergio Peresson ( 1913 - -1991 ) was an Italian - born violin maker .
Arthur Greiner ( 1884 Chicago , Illinois -- 15 Dec 1916 Chicago , Illinois ) was an American racecar driver , and historically the first to finish last in the Indianapolis 500 .
Shakir Hassan Al Said ( Arabic : شاكر حسن ال سعيد‎ ) ( 1925 - -2004 ) , an Iraqi painter , sculptor and writer , is considered one of Iraq 's most innovative and influential artists .
Sir Isaac Wolfson , 1st Baronet FRS ( 17 September 1897 -- 20 June 1991 ) was a Scottish businessman and philanthropist .
Merga Bien ( late 1560s -- 1603 ) was a German woman convicted of witchcraft and perhaps the most famous of the victims in the Fulda witch trials in 1603 - -1605 .
Peregrine Hoby ( 1 September 1602 -- 6 May 1679 ) , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1679 .
Russell Bulgin ( 1958 - -2002 ) was an automotive journalist .
Raymond Yellow Thunder ( January 1 , 1921 -- February 13 , 1972 ) was an Oglala Lakota , born in Kyle , South Dakota , on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation .
Tofail Ahmed ( 1920 at Baralia village , Lakshmipur District in Bangladesh -- 2002 in Dhaka , Bangladesh ) was a well - known Bangladeshi researcher of Folk Art . He was also a collector of Folk artifacts and has authored several books on Bangladeshi Folk arts and Crafts .
Daniel Rudge ( 1840 -- June 26 , 1880 ) was a British engineer who built high - end bicycles and velocipedes .
Margaret Sanborn ( 1915 - -2005 ) was an American writer and biographer of Robert E. Lee and Mark Twain ( aka Samuel Clemens ) .
Richard Henry Coleman ( 3 April 1888 -- 17 February 1965 ) was a cathedral organist , who served at Peterborough Cathedral .
Chris Canavan ( 1928/1929 -- 1 March 2013 ) was a British television and stage actor .
Mohammad Nabi Mohammadi died in Pakistani hospital on 21 April 2002 .
Alexander Rudolf Hohlfeld ( born December 29 , 1865 in Dresden , Saxony ( Germany ) , died 1956 in Wisconsin ) was a professor of German at the University of Wisconsin from 1901 until 1936 .
Sir John de Grey ( died 1266 ) was an English soldier and High Sheriff .
William Henry Leatham ( 6 July 1815 - 14 November 1889 ) was a British banker , poet and Liberal politician .
James Sheridan Muspratt ( 8 March 1821 -- 3 February 1871 ) was a research chemist and teacher .
Edmee Sophie Gail née Garre ( b. 28 August 1775 , d. 24 July 1819 ) was a French singer and composer .
Wayne England ( died 9 February 2016 ) was an English artist whose work regularly appeared in role - playing games , wargaming rulebooks and magazines and was used on cards for collectible card games such as Magic :
Leslie Armour ( 9 March 1931 -- 1 November 2014 ) was a Canadian - born philosopher and writer on social economics .
Spencer Rodney , 5th Baron Rodney ( 30 April 1785 -- 15 May 1846 ) was an English peer and clergyman , styled The Honourable Spencer Rodney from 1802 until 1843 .
Walter Gorn ( 24 September 1898 -- 10 July 1968 ) was a German general , serving during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern ) .
Anastasius ( Greek : Ἀρτέμιος Ἀναστάσιος Β΄ ) , known in English as Anastasios II or Anastasius II ( died 719 ) , was the Byzantine Emperor from 713 to 715 .
Sir William Robertson Nicoll CH ( 10 October 1851 -- 4 May 1923 ) was a Scottish Free Church minister , journalist , editor , and man of letters .
Sir Thomas Manly Deane ( 1851 -- 1933 ) was an Irish architect , the son of Sir Thomas Newenham Deane and grandson of Sir Thomas Deane , who were also architects .
Jakob Wimpfeling ( 25 July 1450 -- 17 November 1528 ) was a Renaissance humanist and theologian .
Musa McKim Guston , née McKim ( August 23 , 1908 -- March 30 , 1992 ) , was a painter and poet .
Erol Güney ( born Mikhael Rottenberg ; 29 August 1914 -- 12 October 2009 ) was a Turkish - Israeli journalist , translator and author .
Pierre Alphonse de Tonty , or Alphonse de Tonty , Baron de Paludy ( ca . 1659 -- 10 November 1727 ) was an officer who served under the French explorer Cadillac and helped establish the first European settlement at Detroit , Michigan , Fort Pontchartrain du Detroit on the Detroit River in 1701 .
Sir Alfred Henry Thesiger ( 15 July 1838 -- 20 October 1880 ) , styled The Hon . Alfred Thesiger from 1858 to 1877 and The Rt Hon . Lord Justice Thesiger from 1877 , was a British lawyer and judge .
Mary Frith ( c. 1584 -- 26 July 1659 ) , alias Moll ( or Mal ) Cutpurse , was a notorious pickpocket and fence of the London underworld .
Captain Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson ( 1799 -- 8 September 1869 ) was an English 19th century geologist , inventor , organiser and soldier .
Cyril Morley Shelford ( 1921 -- 2001 ) was a rancher , author and political figure in British Columbia .
Ahmed Mohamed Mahmoud ( ca . 1974 -- 4 February 2011 ) was an Egyptian print reporter for the newspaper Al Tawuun , which is distributed by state - run Al - Ahram .
George S. Phalen ( 2 December 1911 , Peoria , Illinois -- 14 April 1998 , Dallas ) was an American hand surgeon remembered for his work on carpal tunnel syndrome including his description of Phalen 's maneuver .
Shneur Zalman Fradkin of Lublin ( 1830 - -1902 ) , also known as the Toras Chessed ( after his main work ) or The Liader ( after his place of birth ) , was a famous Chabad posek and gaon .
Max Finkelstein ( died 1940 ) was a captain in the New York City Police Department .
Jacopo de ' Barbari , sometimes known or referred to as de'Barbari , de Barberi , de Barbari , Barbaro , Barberino , Barbarigo or Barberigo ( c. 1460/70 -- before 1516 ) , was an Italian painter and printmaker with a highly individual style .
Franz Behr ( 22 July 1837 -- 15 February 1898 ) was a prolific , but minor , and now almost forgotten , German composer of songs and salon pieces for piano .
Fu Dingyi ( Chinese : 符定一 ; pinyin : Fú Dìngyī ; 12 December 1877 -- 3 May 1958 ) was a Chinese educator and scholar .
Atle Jebsen ( 10 November 1935 -- 13 October 2009 ) was a Norwegian businessperson and ship - owner .
Jakob Zeugheer ( known also as J. Z. Herrmann ) , ( born Zürich 20 July 1803 ; died Liverpool 15 June 1865 ) was a Swiss violinist , conductor and composer .
Yamuna Karjee ( 1898 - 1953 ) was an Indian independence activist .
Jules Jacot - Guillarmod ( 24 December 1868 -- 5 June 1925 ) was a Swiss doctor , mountaineer and photographer .
Virginia Livingston ( 1906 - -1990 ) was an American physician and cancer researcher who advocated the unsupported theory that a specific species of bacteria she named Progenitor cryptocides was the primary cause of cancer in humans .
Radomir Pavitchevitch ( died 24 July 2005 ) was a French legionnaire , veteran of World War II . He enlisted for five years on 9 December 1931 , and was assigned to the 2nd Foreign Legion Regiment at Oujda , Algeria .
`` Shorty '' George Snowden ( July 4 , 1904 -- May 1982 ) was an American dancer in Harlem during the 1920s and 1930s .
James Chester Manifold ( 10 February 1867 -- 30 October 1918 ) was an Australian politician and philanthropist .
Ralph Cornall ( 17 March 1894 -- 19 October 1984 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Richard Bellings ( 1613 - -1677 ) was a lawyer and political figure in 17th century Ireland and in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
Mufti Mahmood Hasan Gangohi ( 1907 - -1996 ) was an Indian Mufti and Islamic scholar .
Barry Coward ( 22 February 1941 - 17 March 2011 ) was professor of history at Birkbeck College , University of London , and an expert on the Stuart age .
Luigi Carpaneda ( 28 November 1925 -- 14 December 2011 ) was an Italian fencer and sailor .
Major - General James Robert Brunker ( 22 December 1806 -- 24 March 1869 ) was Commander of British Troops in China and Hong Kong .
Kalevi Hämäläinen ( 13 December 1932 -- 10 January 2005 ) was a Finnish cross - country skier who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Björn J : son Lindh ( born Björn Lindh ; 25 October 1944 -- 21 December 2013 ) was a Swedish flautist , pianist , music arranger , composer and artist .
Richard Davis Anderson , Sr . ( 17 February 1922 -- 4 March 2008 ) was an American mathematician known internationally for his work in infinite - dimensional topology .
Humphrey Lestocq ( 23 January 1919 -- 29 January 1984 ) was a British actor , best known for his roles in Angels One Five ( 1952 ) and The Long Shadow ( 1961 ) , and guest appearances in the television series , The Avengers .
Stelios Perpiniadis ( Greek : Στέλιος Περπινιάδης , 1899 -- 4 September 1977 ) , better known as Stellakis ( Greek : Στελλάκης ) , was a Greek folk musician who wrote , sang , and played guitar in the rebetiko style .
Antonio Draghi ( ca . 1634 -- 16 January 1700 ) was a Baroque composer .
Lockie Wood ( 4 November 1904 -- 3 March 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Arthur South ( 29 October 1914 -- 28 January 2003 ) was a prominent Norfolk politician and administrator in the 1970s .
Silvestro Durante ( died 1672 ) was an Italian church musician and composer .
Ambrose Harris ( 29 October 1902 -- 1952 ) was an English professional footballer who played in a number of positions , mainly as a half - back .
Basil Lam ( 1914 - 4 March 1984 ) was an English early music scholar and harpsichordist .
Barbara of Brandenburg ( 30 May 1464 -- 4 September 1515 ) , a member of the German House of Hohenzollern , was by birth Margravine of Brandenburg and by her two marriages Duchess of Głogów from 1472 to 1476 and Queen of Bohemia from 1476 to 1490/1500 .
Josep Maria Puig Doria ( died 2006 ) was a Spanish jeweller .
Thomas O'Hagan , 1st Baron O'Hagan KP , PC , QC ( 29 May 1812 -- 1 February 1885 ) , was an Irish lawyer and judge .
Wong Ah Kiu ( 1918 -- 19 January 2006 ) , legally known as Nyonya binti Tahir , was a Malaysian woman born to a Muslim family but raised Buddhist .
Maio of Bari ( Italian : Maione da Bari ) ( died 10 November 1160 ) was the third of the great admirals of Sicily and the most important man in the Norman kingdom of Sicily during the reign of William I ( 1154 - -66 ) .
Henry Perigal , Jr. FRAS MRI ( 1 April 1801 -- 6 June 1898 ) was a British stockbroker and amateur mathematician , known for his dissection - based proof of the Pythagorean theorem and for his unorthodox belief that the moon does not rotate .
Roy John Britten ( 1 October 1919 -- 21 January 2012 ) was an American molecular biologist known for his discovery of repeated DNA sequences in the genomes of eukaryotic organisms , and later on the evolution of the genome .
Antonello da Messina , properly Antonello di Giovanni di Antonio , but also called Antonello degli Antoni ( c. 1430 -- February 1479 ) , was an Italian painter from Messina , Sicily , active during the Italian Renaissance .
Giovanni Pietro de Pomis ( ca.1565 or 1569/70 -- 6 March 1633 ) was an Italian painter , medailleur , architect and fortress master builder .
Thomas Friedrich Zobel von Giebelstadt und Darstadt ( 1799 - 12 July 1869 ) was an Austrian lieutenant feldmarshal .
Heywood Hardy ( 1842 - 1933 ) was an English painter , especially known for his hunting motifs .
William McGibbon ( April 1690 , in Glasgow , Scotland -- 3 October 1756 ) was a Scottish composer and violinist .
K. S. Narayanaswamy , ( born Koduvayur Sivarama Narayanaswamy , Tamil : கொடுவயூர் சிவராம நாராயணஸ்வாமி ; 27 September 1914 -- 1999 ) was a Carnatic veena exponent of the Thanjavur style , in which nuances and subtleties are given more importance over rhythm based acrobatics .
Yahya El Mashad ( Arabic : يحيى المشد‎ ; u1932 -- 14 June 1980 ) was an Egyptian nuclear scientist who headed the Iraqi nuclear program .
James Mann , 5th Earl Cornwallis ( 20 September 1778 -- 21 May 1852 ) , known as James Cornwallis until 1814 and as James Mann between 1814 and 1823 and styled Viscount Brome between 1823 and 1824 , was a British peer and Tory politician .
Spencer Smith - White ( 14 April 1909 -- 26 March 1998 ) was an Australian botanist , winner of the Clarke Medal in 1967 .
Harry C. Solomon ( 1889 - -1982 ) , an American neurologist , psychiatrist , researcher , administrator , and clinician , was among the first to advocate for major changes in public psychiatry .
Oktay Sinanoğlu ( 25 February 1935 - 19 April 2015 ) was an internationally renowned Turkish scientist of physical chemistry , molecular biophysics and biochemistry .
Rudolf Kaiser ( 10 September 1922 -- 11 September 1991 ) was a designer of gliders who worked for Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. The designs of Rudolf Kaiser have proven themselves for over 50 years all over the world .
Anton Christoforidis ( Greek : Αντώνης Χριστοφορίδης ) ( 26 May 1917 -- 31 October 1985 ) was a Greek professional light heavyweight boxer .
Paul Abraham ( Hungarian : Ábrahám Pál ; 2 November 1892 -- 6 May 1960 ) was a composer of operettas .
Henry William Pickersgill RA ( 3 December 1782 -- 21 April 1875 ) was an English painter specialising in portraits .
Inta Ezergailis ( 11 September 1932 in Riga , Latvia -- 1 January 2005 , in Ithaca , New York ) , was a Latvian American professor emerita of German literature at Cornell University from 1969 to 1999 , specializing in Thomas Mann and contemporary women writers .
Arthur Tracy ( 25 June 1899 -- 5 October 1997 ) was an American vocalist , billed as The Street Singer .
Percy Abercrombie ( 1 January 1884 -- 22 May 1964 ) was an Australian rules footballer of the 1900s who played with Essendon and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Roy McGregor ( 8 July 1894 -- 1 June 1977 ) was a New Zealand zoologist and conservationist who was successful in halting forestry in the Waipoua forest and establishing the forest as a protected sanctuary .
Henry Holland , 3rd Duke of Exeter ( 27 June 1430 -- September 1475 ) was a Lancastrian leader during the English Wars of the Roses .
Josephine Bell , pseudonym of Doris Bell Collier , ( 8 December 1897 - -24 April 1987 ) , was an English physician and writer .
Helen Bright Clark ( 1840 - -1927 ) was a British women 's rights activist and suffragist .
John Norman Heathcote ( 21 June 1863 -- 16 July 1946 ) was a British author , watercolourist and photographer , best remembered for his book St Kilda , published in 1900 , about the Scottish Hebridean archipelago of St Kilda .
Julio Irigoyen ( born 1 July 1894 - 29 August 1967 Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film director .
Robert Orlando Morgan ( 1865 -- 16 May 1956 ) was an English music teacher , composer and musicologist .
Eliyahu Hacarmeli ( Hebrew : אליהו הכרמלי‎ , born Eliyahu Lulu ; 1 August 1891 -- 21 December 1952 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1952 .
Karl Heinrich Ulrichs ( 28 August 1825 -- 14 July 1895 ) was a German writer who is seen today as the pioneer of the modern gay rights movement .
Johann Gottfried Koehler ( 15 December 1745 -- 19 September 1801 ) was a German astronomer who discovered a number of nebulae , star clusters , and galaxies .
Euan Dickson DSC and bar , DFC ( 31 March 1892 -- 10 March 1980 ) was a British born New Zealander bomber pilot in the First World War .
Lawrence Anthony ( 17 September 1950 -- 2 March 2012 ) was an international conservationist , environmentalist , explorer and bestselling author .
Annibale Brugnoli ( 22 February 1843 -- 11 December 1915 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre and historical pieces , in oil and fresco .
The Rev. Edward Marsden ( 1869 - 1932 ) was a Canadian - American missionary and member of the Tsimshian nation who became the first Alaska Native to be ordained in the ministry .
Patrocinio Gamboa ( 30 April 1865 -- 24 November 1953 ) was a Filipino revolutionary notable for her participation in the Philippine Revolution .
Sabata Jonguhlanga Dalindyebo ( 1928 - -1986 ) was the ruler of the Thembu people of South Africa .
Ramachandra Mohapatra ( 1 January 1905 -- 5 May 1975 ) was born on 1 January 1905 in a village called Sailo Jharapada , 35 kilometres from Cuttack , Odisha and was a freedom fighter .
Larbi Benbarek or Larbi Ben Mbarek ( Arabic : لعربي بن مبارك‎ -- also known as the Black Pearl ; born 16 June 1914 -- died 16 September 1992 ) was a Moroccan football player recognized as the first successful African player in Europe .
Emelia Christine Schaub ( 1891 - 1995 ) was a lawyer who was Michigan 's first elected woman prosecutor , the first woman in the United States to successfully defend a murder trial .
Carlo Campanini ( 5 October 1906 -- 20 November 1984 ) , was an Italian actor , singer and comedian .
Lyle Shelton ( 1934 - -2010 ) was an American aviator who set the world 's absolute propeller - driven 3-kilometer speed record of 528.329 mph .
Anthoni van Noordt ( ca . 1619 -- 23 March 1675 ) was a Dutch composer and organist .
Jack Finck ( 21 January 1930 -- 31 October 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1950s .
Jan Pouwer ( 21 September 1924 , Dordrecht -- 21 April 2010 , Zwolle ) was a Dutch anthropologist with a thorough grounding in his profession in terms of fieldwork and theory .
Pery Ribeiro ( 27 October 1937 -- 24 February 2012 ) was a Brazilian singer of bossa nova , MPB and jazz , active as a singer from 1959 until shortly before his death .
Mary Knowles ( 1733 - -1807 ) , née Morris , was an English Quaker poet and abolitionist .
Richard Stock ( 1569 -- 1626 ) was an English clergyman and one of the Puritan founders of the Feoffees for Impropriations .
Clemens August of Bavaria ( German : Clemens August von Bayern ) ( 17 August 1700 -- 6 February 1761 ) was a member of the Wittelsbach dynasty of Bavaria and Archbishop - Elector of Cologne .
Mephan Ferguson ( 25 July 1843 -- 2 November 1919 ) was an Australian manufacturer , particularly of water supply pipes , notably for the pipleline to the Western Australian goldfields .
Giovanni Angelo Montorsoli ( 1507 -- 31 August 1563 ) , also known as Giovanni Agnolo Montorsoli , was a Florentine sculptor and Servite friar .
Emanuel Litvinoff ( 5 May 1915 -- 24 September 2011 ) was a British writer and well - known figure in Anglo - Jewish literature , known for novels , short stories , poetry , plays and human rights campaigning .
Kosmas Balanos ( Greek : Κοσμάς Μπαλάνος ) ( 1731 - -1808 ) was a Greek mathematician , author and school director .
Menelaus of Alexandria ( /ˌmɛnɪˈleɪəs/ ; Greek : Μενέλαος , Menelaos ; c. 70 -- 140 CE ) was a Greek mathematician and astronomer , the first to recognize geodesics on a curved surface as natural analogs of straight lines .
Ann Quin ( born 17 March 1936 in Brighton , Sussex -- ? August 1973 ) was a British writer noted for her experimental style .
Richard Óge Martyn ( c. 1602 -- 1648 ) was a Galway lawyer and member of the Catholic Confederates of Ireland .
Ferdinando Baldi ( 19 May 1927 -- 12 November 2007 ) was an Italian film director , film producer and screenwriter .
Robert Crichton , 6th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar , ( died 1561 ) was the son of William Crichton , 5th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar and Elizabeth Fleming , daughter of Malcolm Fleming , 3rd Lord Fleming .
Abdülaziz of the Ottoman Empire or Abdülaziz I ( Ottoman Turkish : عبد العزيز / ` Abdü’l-`Azīz , Turkish : I. Abdülaziz ; 9 February 1830 -- 4 June 1876 ) was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and reigned between 25 June 1861 and 30 May 1876 .
Alberto Giacometti ( Italian pronunciation : ( alˈbɛrto dʒakoˈmetti ) ; 10 October 1901 -- 11 January 1966 ) was a Swiss sculptor , painter , draughtsman and printmaker .
Sophie of Saxe - Lauenburg ( born : before 1444 ; died : 9 September 1473 ) was a Duchess of Saxe - Lauenburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Jülich - Berg .
Ahmet Haşim ( also written as Ahmed Hâşim ; احمد هاشم ; 1884 ? -- 4 June 1933 ) was an influential Turkish poet of the early 20th century .
Euphrosina Heldina von Dieffenau , or Heldin ( died 1636 ) , was a Swedish courtier .
Kyaw Zaw ( Burmese : ‌ကျော်ဇော , ( tɕɔ̀ zɔ́ ) ; 3 December 1919 -- 10 October 2012 ) was one of the founders of the Tatmadaw ( the modern Burmese Army ) and a member of the legendary `` Thirty Comrades '' who trained in Japan in the struggle for independence from Britain .
Bernard Charles Cotton ( 1905 -- 3 May 1966 ) was an Australian malacologist and museum curator of British origin .
Bernard Bennett ( 31 August 1931 -- 12 January 2002 ) was an English professional player of snooker and English billiards , whose career spanned twenty - six years between 1969 and 1995 .
Gottfried Lengnich ( Polish : Gotfryd Lengnich ) ( 4 December 1689 -- 28 April 1774 ) was an 18th - century historian , lawyer and politician .
Mark Schwed ( 1956 -- 31 January 2008 ) was an American television critic and journalist .
Leslie Rubinstein ( Pueblo , CO , June 21 , 1939 -- Glenview , IL , September 22 , 2007 ) was an American music critic and journalist .
Jeremiah Langhorne ( died 1742 ) was a prominent landowner and jurist in colonial Pennsylvania .
Ernst Lerch ( 19 November 1914 -- 1997 ) was one of the most important men of Operation Reinhard ( German : Aktion Reinhard ) , responsible for `` Jewish affairs '' and the mass murder of the Jews in the General Government ( Generalgouvernement ) .
Yves Nicolazic ( 1591 - -1645 ) was the Breton peasant who said he saw Saint Anne , the mother of the Virgin Mary , having unearthed a previously forgotten statue of Saint Anne in his field .
Sir Samuel Eyre ( 1633 -- 12 September 1698 ) , was an English judge .
Rev. Albert Edward Smith ( October 20 , 1871 - -1947 ) was a Canadian religious leader and politician .
Charles Aimé Halpin was the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada from 12 December 1973 until his death 16 April 1994 .
Walter Edward Kittel , often known as Walter Edwards , ( 1880 - -1922 ) was an early pioneer in American aviation in the Pacific Northwest .
John L. LeFlore ( 1903 - -1976 ) was a civil rights leader and politician in Mobile , Alabama .
Jan I of Opole ( Polish : Jan I Opolski ) ( 1410/1413 -- 5 September 1439 ) was a Duke of Opole since 1437 ( with his brother as co - ruler ) .
William Willsher ( 12 October 1814 ( baptised ) -- 30 November 1861 ) was an English cricketer who played for Kent .
Juris Podnieks drowned on 23 June 1992 while scuba - diving in a lake in Courland .
Roger Leyburn ( died 1508 ) was an English churchman and academic , Master of Pembroke Hall , Cambridge , archdeacon of Durham and bishop of Carlisle .
Peter Mundy ( fl . 1600 -- 1667 ) was a seventeenth - century British merchant trader , traveller and writer .
Edward William Terrick Hamilton ( 26 November 1809 -- 28 September 1898 ) was a British businessman and politician who spent fifteen years as a pastoralist in New South Wales .
René Mugica ( 8 August 1909 -- 3 May 1998 ) was an Argentine actor , film director and screenwriter .
Galindo Mellado Cruz ( 18 April 1973 -- 9 May 2014 ) , commonly referred to by his alias El Mellado and/or Z-9 , was a Mexican drug lord and one of the founders of Los Zetas , a criminal organization originally formed by ex - commandos from the Mexican Armed Forces .
Major - General Sir William Bellairs KCMG CB , ( 28 August 1823 -- 24 July 1913 ) was a British army officer .
George Langton Hodgkinson ( Kentish Town , 13 February 1837 -- 16 February 1915 , Wotton - under - Edge , Gloucestershire ) was an Anglican clergyman .
Longchen Rabjampa , Drimé Özer ( Wylie : klong chen rab ' byams pa dri med ' od zer ) , commonly abbreviated to Longchenpa ( 1308 - -1364 ) , was a major teacher in the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism .
Dubh Essa Níc Eidhin , Queen of Moylurg , died 1187 .
Mohan Dharia ( 14 February 1925 - 14 October 2013 ) was a former Union minister , a lawyer and social worker .
Father Morton A. Hill , S.J. ( 1917 - 1985 ) was a leader of the campaign against pornography in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s .
Nicholas Orontony ( c. 1695 - -1750 ) was an 18th - century Wyandot leader who , in the years before the French and Indian War , tried to escape the domination of New France over Native people in the Detroit region by resettling in the Ohio country and forming an anti - French tribal coalition .
Jean - Gilles Delcour ( 1632 - -1695 ) , is a walloon painter of religious subjects , was born at Hamoir , near Liège .
Kara Mahmud Pasha ( Turkish : Kara Mahmud Paşa , fl . 1749 - -22 September 1796 ) was a hereditary Ottoman governor ( mutasarrıf ) of the Sanjak of Scutari ( known in historiography as Pashalik of Scutari ) , belonging to the Ottoman Albanian Bushati family ( Buşatlı ) .
Martin Rasmussen Hjelmen ( 24 January 1904 -- 30 May 1944 ) was a Norwegian sailor and communist activist .
Stevan Dohanos ( May 18 , 1907 , Lorain , Ohio -- 1994 ) was an artist and illustrator of the social realism school , best known for his Saturday Evening Post covers , and responsible for several of the Do n't Talk set of World War II propaganda posters .
Paul René Gauguin ( 27 February 1911 -- 14 February 1976 ) was a Norwegian painter , graphical artist , sculptor , book illustrator and scenographer .
Dan Jacobo Beninson ( 1931 - -2003 ) was an Argentine radiation expert who worked for the Argentine Atomic Energy Commission ( CNEA ) since 1955 holding different posts .
John Caius MD ( born John Kays ) ( /ˈkiːz/ ; 6 October 1510 -- 29 July 1573 ) , also known as Johannes Caius and Ioannes Caius , was an English physician , and second founder of the present Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge .
Sir Wylie McKissock , OBE ( 27 October 1906 -- 3 May 1994 ) was a British neurosurgeon .
Jagdish Swaminathan commonly known as J. Swaminathan ( June 21 , 1928 -- 1994 ) was a leading Indian artist , painter , poet and writer .
George Robert Johnston ( 1954 -- 2004 ) , better known as the Ballarat Bandit or as John Doe # 39 - 04 , was a Canadian - born burglar who gained nationwide attention as he spent the last several years of his life hiding from police in Death Valley National Park .
Flavius Julius Crispus ( died 326 ) , also known as Flavius Claudius Crispus and Flavius Valerius Crispus , was a Caesar of the Roman Empire .
August Christian Baumann ( 25 May 1770 -- 3 November 1831 ) was a Norwegian mine superintendent and politician .
Konstantinos Damianos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Δαμιανός , 1853 - -1915 ) was a senior Greek Army officer who fought in the Balkan Wars of 1912 - -1913 .
Viliame ( William ) Vuetasau ( c.1820 - 1857 ) was the son of Roko Malani , the seventh Roko Sau of Lau and second Tui Nayau and Ciri of Taqalevu .
Harold Pender ( 1879 - -1959 ) was an American academic , author , and inventor .
Simon Luttichuys ( 1610 - -1661 ) was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter .
Francis Ludlow Holt ( 1780 -- 29 September 1844 ) was a legal and dramatic author .
Leopold Anton Kirchner ( ? - 29 December 1879 Kaplice , Bohemia ) , sometimes Kirschnerm , was an Austrian physician and entomologist .
Rogelio Sinán ( born on Taboga Island in 1902 ; died in 1994 ) was the pseudonym of Panamanian writer Bernardo Domínguez Alba .
Gilbert LaBine , OC ( 10 February 1890 -- 8 June 1977 ) was a Canadian prospector who , in 1930 , discovered radium and uranium deposits at Port Radium , Northwest Territories .
Richard Gurney ( 1790 - -1843 ) was vice - warden of the stannaries of Devon .
Augustus Bernard Tancred ( 20 August 1865 -- 23 November 1911 ) was a leading 19th century South African Test cricketer .
Haji Mohamed Sanusi Mahmood ( 8 October 1909 -- 8 October 1995 ) was the first Mufti of Singapore .
Ragnar Hasselgren ( June 3 , 1904 - September 28 , 1982 ) was a Swedish - born singer and recording artist , who was active on the American West Coast during the 1940s and 1950s .
W. D. Cocker ( 1882 , Rutherglen -- 1970 ) was a Scottish poet who wrote in both Scots and English .
Christopher Grene ( 1629 - -1697 ) , was a Jesuit priest .
Jacques Dumas ( 7 November 1908 -- 21 July 1994 ) , better known as Marijac , was a French comics writer , artist and editor .
Sun Wanrong ( 孫萬榮 ) ( died 697 ) was a khan of the Khitan people who , along with his brother - in - law Li Jinzhong , rose against Chinese hegemony in 696 , with Li Jinzhong as khan , and they further invaded Chinese territory then under the rule of Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty .
William Hoogland ( ca.1794 - 1832 ) was an engraver in Boston , Massachusetts , and New York in the early 19th - century .
Graham Whettam ( 7 September 1927 -- 17 August 2007 ) was an English post - romantic composer .
Dorothy Napangardi ( born early 1950s -- 1 June 2013 ) was a Warlpiri speaking contemporary Indigenous Australian artist born in the Tanami Desert and who worked in Alice Springs .
Colin Tapley ( 7 May 1907 -- 1 December 1995 ) was an actor in both American and British films .
Jacobus Boonen ( 11 October 1573 -- 30 June 1655 ) was the sixth Bishop of Ghent ( 1617 - -1620 ) and the fourth Archbishop of Mechelen ( 1621 - -1655 ) .
Surendranath Dasgupta ( Bengali : সুরেন্দ্রনাথ দাশগুপ্ত ) ( October 1887 -- 18 December 1952 ) was a scholar of Sanskrit and philosophy .
William Henry Stanley Monck ( April 21 , 1839 - -June 24 , 1915 ) was an Irish astronomer and philosopher .
Peter Ewart ( 14 May 1767 -- 15 September 1842 ) was a British engineer who was influential in developing the technologies of turbines and theories of thermodynamics .
Dr. Horse was the stage name of Al Pittman ( 17 September 1917 -- 28 April 2004 ) , an American rhythm and blues vocalist and entertainer who performed between the 1930s and 1960s .
Anthony Hyman ( 1946 - -1999 ) was a noted British academic , writer and Islamicist .
Ann J. Lane ( 1931 - -2013 ) was an American educator , historian , and author that was considered to be a pioneer in the fields of women 's history and women 's studies .
Patrick Hume , 1st Earl of Marchmont ( 13 January 1641 -- 2 August 1724 ) , known as Sir Patrick Hume , 1st Baronet from 1648 to 1690 and as Lord Polwarth from 1690 to 1697 , was a Scottish statesman .
Dennis List ( 1946 - 9 November 2007 ) was a New Zealand poet , editor and novelist .
Willem Jacobsz Delff ( c. October 1580 -- 14 April 1638 ) was a Dutch Golden Age engraver and painter .
Wang Yuankui ( 王元逵 ) ( 812 - -854 ) , formally Duke Zhong of Taiyuan ( 太原忠公 ) , was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty .
Iosif Trifa ( 3 March 1888 - 12 February 1938 ) was a Romanian Orthodox priest and evangelist .
Albert Fearnley ( 10 March 1924 -- 4 May 1999 ) was an English rugby league footballer and coach who played as a second - row .
Peter Westerstrøm ( 1779 - -1809 ) was a Swedish mass murderer who gained notoriety for the Saksebøl Slaughter in Moss , Norway during the Napoleonic wars .
Josip Marohnić ( November 12 , 1866 - -January 23 , 1921 ) remains up to this day the most influential Croatian emigrant in the Americas .
Al al - Din ( Chinese : 阿老瓦丁 ; pinyin : Ālăowădīng ; Wade -- Giles : A - lao - wa - ting , the name presumably representing Ala - ud - din , d. 1312 ) was a Muslim Persian mangonel expert who served in Kublai Khan 's army in the conquest of the Southern Song Dynasty .
Samuel Angus ( 27 August 1881 -- 17 November 1943 ) was professor of New Testament and Church History at St Andrew 's College in the University of Sydney from 1915 to 1943 .
Alfonso López Trujillo ( 8 November 1935 -- 19 April 2008 ) was a Colombian Cardinal Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and president of the Pontifical Council for the Family .
Duncan McFarlan ( died 7 September 1816 ) was a United States Democratic - Republican U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1805 and 1807 .
Étienne Provost ( 1785 -- 3 July 1850 ) was a French Canadian fur trader whose trapping and trading activities in the American southwest preceded Mexican independence .
Stanisław Paklepka , Latin Paclesius ( d. Lublin 1565 ) was one of the first generation of Polish Calvinists , then later an Arian .
Andrew Findlater ( 1810 - 1 January 1885 ) was a Scottish editor notable for his work on Chambers 's Encyclopaedia .
Yehoshua Zettler ( July 15 , 1917 -- May 20 , 2009 ; last name also spelled as Zeitler ) was an Israeli who served as the Jerusalem commander of Jewish paramilitary group Lehi , often also called as the Stern gang .
Nguyễn Thị Bích(阮氏碧 ) , also known as Nguyễn Nhược Thị Bích ( 阮若氏碧 , An Phuớc District , Ninh Thuận , 1830 - -1909 ) was a Vietnamese poet .
Yadollah Sahabi ( 25 February 1905 -- 12 April 2002 ) was a prominent Iranian scholar , writer , reformist and politician .
Wu Kung - tsao or Wu Gongzao ( 1902 - -1983 ) was a famous Chinese teacher of t'ai chi ch'uan .
Leo Dobrigh ( 6 December 1898 -- 17 April 1973 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Carl - Erik Quensel ( 1907 - -1977 ) was a Swedish statistician and demographer , specializing in population statistics , statistical distribution theory and biostatistics .
Bekir Sıtkı Bircan ( 1886 -- 26 June 1967 ) was a Turkish footballer , a high school teacher and 5th of the founder of Galatasaray SK .
Admiral Sir Henry Ruthven Moore GCB , CVO , DSO ( 29 August 1886 -- 12 March 1978 ) was the last British admiral to command Home Fleet during World War II . He served in that post from 1944 to 1945 .
Bob Kelsey ( 27 September 1925 -- 19 April 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Beach Lawrence ( 23 October 1800 -- 26 March 1881 ) was an American politician and jurist who served as lieutenant governor of Rhode Island from 1851 to 1852 under Governor Philip Allen .
Leopold Z. Goldstein ( 1899 - 1963 ) , an American physician and endocrinologist , was born in Camden , New Jersey , graduated from Camden High School and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School in 1922 .
Nicholas Kratzer ( 1487 ? -- 1550 ) was a German mathematician , astronomer , and horologist .
Count Bertalan Széchényi de Sárvár - Felsővidék ( 24 October 1866 -- 3 June 1943 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Speaker of the House of Magnates from 1 May 1935 until his death .
Augustus Voelcker F.R.S. ( 24 September 1822 -- 5 December 1884 ) , full name John Christopher Augustus Voelcker , was a Royal Agricultural Society of England chemist .
Louis Harold Gray ( 10 November 1905 -- 9 July 1965 ) was an English physicist who worked mainly on the effects of radiation on biological systems , inventing the field of radiobiology as he went .
William Bedloe ( 20 April 1650 -- 20 August 1680 ) was an English fraudster and Popish Plot informer .
Following Todar Mal 's death on 8 November 1589 in Lahore , his body was cremated according to the Hindu traditions .
Raffaello de Banfield ( 2 June 1922 -- 7 January 2008 ) , correctly Raphael Douglas , Baron von Banfield Tripcovich , was a British - born composer .
John Maurice Shaftesley OBE ( 1901 - -1981 ) was an English journalist and writer , and editor of the Jewish Chronicle from 1946 to 1958 .
William Powditch ( 8 February 1795 -- 22 August 1872 ) was a very early settler in New Zealand 's Bay of Islands and a politician in Auckland .
Hendrick Christiaensen ( died 1616 ) was a Dutch explorer who was involved in the earlier exploration of what became the colony of New Netherland .
Bermudo Pérez de Traba ( died 1168 ) , the eldest son of Count Pedro Fróilaz de Traba and his first wife Urraca Fróilaz , was a member of the most important medieval lineage in Galicia .
Edwin Ruud ( 9 June 1854 -- 9 December 1932 ) was a Norwegian mechanical engineer and inventor who immigrated to the United States where he designed , sold , and popularized the tankless - water heater .
Fred Herd ( 26 November 1873 -- 14 March 1954 ) was a Scottish professional golfer from St Andrews .
Arthur Hill Hassall ( 13 December 1817 , Teddington -- 9 April 1894 , San Remo ) was a British physician , chemist and microscopist who is primarily known for his work in public health and food safety .
Isaac H. Brown ( 1812 - 1880 ) was the sexton at Grace Episcopal Church in Greenwich Village , and arbiter of style in Manhattan where he planned weddings , arranged soirées and funerals for the wealthy of New York City .
Edwin E. Kintner ( 1920 - -2010 ) was an American nuclear pioneer and engineer and a U.S. Navy captain who was in charge of de - contamination of the Three Mile Island accident .
George Synnot ( 1819 - 1871 ) was one of Victoria 's pioneer settlers arriving in the Port Phillip District about 1837 and rising to become a prominent land owner and Geelong businessman .
Angus Holden , 1st Baron Holden ( 16 March 1833 -- 25 March 1912 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1885 and 1900 .
Laura Mancini ( 6 May 1636 -- 8 February 1657 ) was a niece of Cardinal Mazarin .
Arnold of Altena , count of Altena , count of Isenberg and Hövel , Vogt of Werden ( 1166 - -1209 ) was son of Eberhard IV of Berg .
Reuben Farley ( 17 January 1826 in West Bromwich -- 1899 ) , was the eighth of ten children of the mining engineer Thomas Farley ( 1781 - -1830 ) .
Tom Palumbo ( 1921 -- 2008 ) was an American photographer and theatre director .
Jonathan Nash Hearder ( 24 December 1809 -- 16 July 1876 ) was a British electrical engineer , inventor , and educator .
Benjamin Mildmay , 1st Earl FitzWalter PC ( 27 December 1672 -- 29 February 1756 ) , styled The Honourable Benjamin Mildmay until 1728 and known as The Lord FitzWalter between 1728 and 1730 , was a British politician .
Aleks Buda ( 1910 - -1993 ) was an Albanian historian of Jewish origin .
Samuel Jones - Loyd , 1st Baron Overstone ( 25 September 1796 -- 17 November 1883 ) was a British banker and politician .
William Ott died on 4 January 1951 , aged 78 years .
Kim Malthe - Bruun ( 8 July 1923 -- 6 April 1945 ) was a Canadian - born seaman and a member of the Danish resistance executed by the German occupying power .
Jan Svatopluk Presl ( 4 September 1791 -- 6 April 1849 ) was a Bohemian natural scientist .
Sir Dinshaw Maneckji Petit , 1st Baronet ( 30 June 1823 -- 5 May 1901 ) , Parsi entrepreneur and founder of the first textile mills in India .
William Cibotti was a member of Philadelphia City Council representing the 2nd District from 1968 to 1975 .
Emil Fey ( 23 March 1886 -- 16 March 1938 ) was an officer in the Austro - Hungarian Army , leader of the right - wing paramilitary Heimwehr forces and politician of the First Austrian Republic .
Arsenije IV Jovanović Šakabenta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Арсеније IV Јовановић Шакабента , Serbian pronunciation : ( ǎrseːnije t͡ʃětʋr̩ːtiː ) ; 1698 -- 18 January 1748 ) was the Patriarch of Serbs from 1725 to 1737 and Metropolitan of Karlovci from 1737 to his death in 1748 .
Gadhra Mór mac Dundach ( died 1027 ) was King of Síol Anmchadha and Uí Maine .
Ignazio Cirri or Giacomo Matteo Ignazio Cirri ( 20 September 1711 -- 13 July 1787 ) was an Italian organist and composer in the 18th century .
Al - Mundhir III ibn al - Nu'man ( Arabic : المنذر بن النعمان‎ ) , also known as Al - Mundhir ibn Imri ' al - Qays ( المنذر بن إمرئ القيس ) ( died 554 ) was the king of the Lakhmids in 503/505 - -554 .
George T. Pierce ( ca . 1823 Pawling , Dutchess County , New York -- 1874 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Nathalan ( or Nachlan ) , ( died 678 ) is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church , who was active in the district now known as Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Robert Devereux , 16th Viscount Hereford ( 3 January 1843 -- 27 March 1930 ) was an English Peer .
Victor McMahon ( 1903 -- 9 March 1992 ) was an Australian flute teacher and flautist .
Aert Mijtens ( c.1541 - -1602 ) was a Flemish Renaissance painter .
`` Gunner '' Laurence Joseph Browne or alternatively `` Lawrence Joseph Brown '' ( 3 October 1896 -- 31 May 1916 ) was an Irish gunner for the British Navy between 1914 and 1916 .
Birgitte Gøye ( 1511 - 26 July 1574 ) was a Danish county administrator , lady in waiting , landholder and noble , co - founder and principal of Herlufsholm School .
Ardashir I or Ardeshir I ( Middle Persian : , New Persian : اردشیر ) , also known as Ardashir the Unifier ( 180 - -242 AD ) , was the founder of the Sasanian Empire .
Nadine Blacklock ( 1953 - -1998 ) was a nature photographer best known for her detailed nature photography of the Lake Superior area .
Hendrick Munniks , Munnicks , or Munnekus ( c1600 -- 1664 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Robert C. Barnfield ( 1856 - -1893 ) was an English painter who was born in Gloucester .
Hari Om Sharan ( 26 September 1932 -- 17 December 2007 ) was a Hindu devotional singer and lyricist .
Broder Lysholm Krohg ( 19 August 1777 -- 16 October 1861 ) was a Norwegian military officer and civil servant .
Frances Ulric Cole ( 9 September 1905 -- 21 May 1992 ) was an American pianist , editor , music educator and composer .
John Hughes Morris ( 1870 - -1953 ) was born in Penrhosllugwy , Anglesey but moved to Liverpool as a young lad .
Taufiq Wahby ( 1891 - 1984 ) was a prominent Kurdish writer , linguist and politician .
Jan Kašpar ( 20 May 1883 -- 2 March 1927 ) was a Czech aviator , aircraft constructor , designer and engineer .
Sir Henry Coward ( 26 November 1849 -- 10 June 1944 ) was a British conductor .
Sir William Job Collins KCVO ( 9 May 1859 -- 11 December 1946 ) was a surgeon and later a Liberal politician and legislator .
Arathoon Stephen ( 1861 -- 14 May 1927 ) was an Indian hotelier and real estate developer of Armenian descent .
Leopold Teller ( April 3 , 1844 , Budapest - 1908 ) was a Hungarian actor .
Gin Chow ( 1857 - June 1933 ) was a Chinese immigrant who gained fame in California as a prophet and fortune teller able to predict the weather and other natural events .
John Pierre Burr ( abt 1792 -- 4 April 1864 ) was an American abolitionist and community leader in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , active in education and civil rights for African Americans .
Isaac Duncan MacDougall ( 10 July 1897 -- 4 April 1969 ) was a National Government , Conservative and Progressive party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Princess Konstancja Lubomirska ( ca . 1618 - -1646 ) was a Polish noble lady .
Late Pt . Vinayakbuva Utturkar ( 1914 - 1989 ) was a Hindustani Classical Music Vocal performer .
John Fitzmaurice ( 18 November 1947 in Copenhagen - August 2003 in Brussels ) , was an administrator , academic and writer .
Alan Neville Gent ( 11 November 1927 -- 20 September 2012 ) was an English scientist who contributed to understanding adhesion physics , and fracture of rubbery , crystalline and glassy polymers .
Emery Hawkins ( April 30 , 1912 -- June 1989 ) was an American animator who worked at various studios such as Disney , Screen Gems , Walter Lantz , Warner Bros. , and UPA during the golden age of animation .
Jetsun Dechen Wangmo ( died 2011 ) was a Tibetan Buddhist .
Sir Charles Theodore Hagberg Wright , LL.D. ( 17 November 1862 , Middleton Tyas , Yorkshire -- 7 March 1940 in London ) was the Secretary and Librarian of the London Library from 1893 until his death .
Sir Brian Corby ( 10 May 1929 - 23 April 2014 ) was a British businessman who held a variety of positions on the boards of important industrial , artistic and education organisations .
Freddie Anderson ( 11 September 1922 -- 10 December 2001 ) was an Irish writer , playwright , author , poet and socialist , born in Ballybay , County Monaghan , Ireland , who became an influential figure in left wing culture and folk music scene in Glasgow from the 1950s until his death in 2001 .
Sir ( Herbert ) Hamilton Harty ( 4 December 1879 -- 19 February 1941 ) was an Irish composer , conductor , pianist and organist .
Pierre Willems ( born Maastricht , 6 January 1840 ; died Leuven , 23 February 1898 ) was a Dutch philologist and historian of Ancient Rome .
Frei Manuel Correia ( or Correa ) ( ca . 1600 -- 1653 ) was a Portuguese Baroque composer .
James Butler , 9th Earl of Ormond and 2nd Earl of Ossory ( 1496 -- 28 October 1546 ) , known as The Lame , was the son of Piers Butler , 8th Earl of Ormond and Margaret Fitzgerald , Countess of Ormond .
Alf Hearnden ( 19 January 1874 -- 23 October 1951 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rao Surtan Singh ( राओ सुरतन सिंह ) was the 12th Rao of Bundi ( बूंदी ) , ruling from 1531 to 1544 .
Pierrequin de Thérache also Pierre or Petrus de Therache ( c.1470 - 1528 ) was a French renaissance composer from Nancy .
Marie Hamsun ( born Marie Andersen ) ( 19 November 1881 - 4 August 1969 ) was a Norwegian actress and writer .
Percy Bolt ( 1885 - -1953 ) was an Australian pioneer rugby league player from the 1910s .
Felicity Lane - Fox , Baroness Lane - Fox , OBE ( 22 June 1918 -- 17 April 1988 ) was a Conservative member of the House of Lords and champion of disability issues .
Hugo Schmeisser ( 24 September 1884 -- 12 September 1953 ) was a German developer of infantry weapons in the 20th century .
Lady Isabella de Beauchamp , Lady Kidwelly , Baroness Despenser ( born c. 1263 - died before 30 May 1306 ) , was an English noblewoman and wealthy heiress .
Charles Lee Smith ( 1887 -- 1964 in San Diego , California ) was an atheist , a free - thought activist , a white supremacist and anti - Semite in the United States .
Louis Bignon ( 26 June 1816 -- 18 May 1906 ) was a famous French chef whose Café Riche became the most fashionable in Paris .
Ferdinand Jung ( 24 January 1905 -- 2 December 1973 ) was a German Communist activist who resisted the Nazi government in the 1930s and spent a good deal of time in prisons and concentration camps .
Leicester Gataker ( 1874 - 1942 ) was an English professional water diviner , or water finder .
Gerald Westbury ( 29 July 1927 -- 12 June 2014 ) , OBE , usually known as Charley Westbury , was an English surgeon who pioneered treatments for cancer , particularly sarcoma , developing techniques for preserving muscle function after surgery .
Collins Chabane ( 15 April 1960 -- 15 March 2015 ) was a South African Minister of Public Service and Administration .
Pundit Sahadeo Tiwari died on 14 April 1972 .
Dipa Ma ( March 25 , 1911 - September 1989 ) was a Bangladeshi meditation teacher of Theravada Buddhism , a student of Anagarika Munindra .
Dora Söderberg ( 10 November 1899 -- 9 November 1990 ) was a Swedish stage actress .
Peter Sørensen Vig ( 7 November 1854 -- 21 March 1929 ) , commonly known as P. S. Vig , was a Danish American pastor , educator , and historian in the Lutheran church .
Clive Uptton ( 12 March 1911 -- 11 February 2006 ) was a widely regarded British illustrator and painter of landscapes and portraits .
Flora Bramley ( 1909 -- 23 June 1993 ) was an English actress and comedian .
George Auldjo Jamieson FRSE ( 1 May 1828 - 18 July 1900 ) was a Scottish businessman , chartered accountant and local councillor .
François Baillairgé ( 21 January 1759 -- 15 September 1830 ) was an architect who also pursued painting and wood sculpture .
Tammy Hynes ( 11 August 1897 -- 9 September 1969 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Sullivan Barnes , ( 16 June 1841 -- 2 April 1912 ) , was born in Boston and became a Unitarian minister .
Maj - Gen . Ladislaus Herbert Richard Pope - Hennessy ( 1875 - 1 March 1942 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician and soldier of Irish Catholic descent .
Edward Timothy Hooley ( 1842 -- 3 August 1903 ) , usually known as E. T. Hooley or Tim Hooley , was an explorer in Western Australia , who in 1866 pioneered an overland stock route from Geraldton to the Ashburton River .
Isabella Bendidio ( Marchesa Bentivoglio ) ( 13 September 1546 -- after 1610 ) was a Ferrarese noblewoman who , along with her sister Lucrezia Bendidio , sang in the first incarnation of the concerto delle donne as part of the court 's musica secreta .
Yan Xishan ( or Yen Hsi - shan , IPA : ( i̯ɛ́n ɕíʂɛ̄n ) ; 8 October 1883 -- 22 July 1960 ) was a Chinese warlord who served in the government of the Republic of China .
Patriarch Athanasius II Dabbas ( died 1619 ) , sometime known also as Athanasius III , was Melkite Greek Patriarch of Antioch from 1611 to 1619 .
William Pitt Cobbett ( 26 July 1853 in Adelaide , South Australia -- 17 October 1919 in Hobart , Tasmania ) was an Australian academic , jurist , and editor .
Alejandro Kuropatwa ( 1956 - -2003 ) was a famous Argentine photographer .
Raphael Kirchner ( 1876 - 2 August 1917 ) was an Austrian artist , principally a portrait painter and illustrator best known for Art Nouveau and early pin - up work , especially in picture postcard format .
Jens Edvard Kraft ( 22 December 1784 -- 21 July 1853 ) was a Norwegian civil servant , bibliographer , and a writer on topographical - statistical topics .
Colin Milne ( c.1743 - -1815 ) was a Scottish priest of the Church of England and botanist .
Major - General George Douglas , 1st Earl of Dumbarton KT ( 1635 -- 20 March 1692 ) was a Scottish nobleman , and soldier .
Thomas Paty ( c.1713 -- 4 May 1789 ) was a British surveyor , architect and mason working mainly in Bristol .
Friedrich Kipp ( 1814 -- 21 January 1869 ) was a German physician and entomologist .
Adolph Giesl - Gieslingen ( 7 September 1903 - 11 February 1992 ) was an Austrian locomotive designer and engineer .
John Meredith Bass ( 1804 - -1878 ) was an American banker , planter and Whig politician .
Erich Topp ( 2 July 1914 -- 26 December 2005 ) was the third most successful of German U - Boot Experten commanders of World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern ) .
Clayton Rawson ( 1906 - -1971 ) was an American mystery writer , editor , and amateur magician .
Hugh Montgomerie , 7th Earl of Eglinton ( 1613 - -1669 ) , was the son of Alexander Montgomerie , 6th Earl of Eglinton .
Sir William Blizard FRS FRSE PRCS FSA ( 1 March 1743 -- 27 August 1835 ) was an English surgeon .
Gasparo Alberti ( also : Gaspar de Albertis ; Gaspare Albertus ; Gaspar bergomensis ; Gaspar de padua ; c. 1485 -- c. 1560 ) was an Italian composer .
Ilo Mitkë Qafëzezi ( 1889 - -1964 ) was a prolific Albanian writer of historical and religious subjects .
Dyer Pearl ( 1857 - September 1930 ) was a prominent Wall Street businessman and a member of the New York Stock Exchange for twenty - six years .
Gene Klavan ( May 4 , 1924 -- April 8 , 2004 ) was an American disc - jockey ( DJ ) , columnist and author .
Sydney Mary Thompson ( also known as Madame Christen ) ( 1847 -- 16 July 1923 ) was an Irish geologist , botanist and artist .
Charles Frodsham ( 15 April 1810 London --1871 London ) was a renowned English watch and clockmaker .
Lê Chân Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎真宗 , 1630 - -1649 ) birth name Lê Duy Hựu ( 黎維祐 , 黎維禔 ) , was the seventh king of Vietnamese Lê Dynasty .
Jonathan Fiifii'i ( 1921 - October 1989 ) was a Kwaio at Ane'emae near Oloburi , Malaita , Solomon Islands .
John Komnenos Doukas ( Greek : Ιωάννης Κομνηνός Δούκας , Iōannēs Komnēnos Doukas ) , Latinized as Comnenus Ducas , was ruler of Thessalonica from 1237 until his death in 1244 .
Muhammad Habibur Rahman ( Bengali : মুহাম্মদ হাবিবুর রহমান‎ ; 3 December 1928 -- 11 January 2014 ) was a former chief justice of Bangladesh Supreme Court in 1995 .
Alexander Stanhope ( 1638 -- 20 September 1707 ) was an English envoy in Madrid between 1690 and 1699 .
Henry Flood ( 1732 -- 2 December 1791 ) , Irish statesman , son of Warden Flood , Lord Chief Justice of the King 's Bench for Ireland , was educated at Trinity College , Dublin , and afterwards at Christ Church , Oxford , where he became proficient in the classics .
Pop Chalee , also known as Merina Lujan ( March 20 , 1906 - -December 11 , 1993 ) , was an American painter , muralist , performer , and singer .
Karl Axel Georg Detlow von Braun ( 22 March 1912 -- 13 July 1999 ) was a Swedish Olympic sailor .
Harry Liddell ( 1866 - -1931 ) was a British politician .
Sir Rhys Hopkin Morris ( 5 September 1888 -- 22 November 1956 ) was a Welsh Liberal politician who was a Member of Parliament from 1923 - -1932 and from 1945 - -1956 .
Michaela Denis ( 28 August 1914 - 4 May 2003 ) was a British - born wildlife documentary film - maker and presenter , working with her husband , Armand Denis .
Jacques Delécluse ( 15 September 1933 -- 29 October 2015 ) was a French percussionist and composer born in Béthune .
Lilla Brignone ( 23 August 1913 -- 24 March 1984 ) was an Italian film and theater actress .
Wabbicommicot ( died 1768 ) was a Mississauga chief instrumental in maintaining friendly relations between his Mississauga tribe and the British .
Richard Dadd ( 1 August 1817 -- 7 January 1886 ) was an English painter of the Victorian era , noted for his depictions of fairies and other supernatural subjects , Orientalist scenes , and enigmatic genre scenes , rendered with obsessively minuscule detail .
Major General Sir John Campbell , 2nd Baronet , of New Brunswick , Canada , ( 14 April 1807 -- 18 June 1855 ) , was a British army officer and the son of General Sir Archibald Campbell , 1st Baronet of New Brunswick , Canada .
Abraham Mignon or Minjon ( 21 June 1640 - 27 March 1679 ) , was a Dutch golden age painter , specialized in flower bouquets .
Ivan Ribar ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ǐvan rîbaːr ) ; 21 January 1881 - 2 February 1968 ) was a Yugoslav politician and soldier of Croatian descent .
Joseph - Anne - Marie de Moyriac de Mailla ( also Anna , and de Moyria ) ( Chinese : 馮秉正 ; pinyin : Feng Bingzheng ) ( 16 December 1669 -- 28 June 1748 ) was a French Jesuit missionary to China .
Robert of Durazzo ( 1326 -- 19 September 1356 , Poitiers ) was the third son of John , Duke of Durazzo and Agnes de Périgord .
Louay Kayali ( Arabic : لؤي كيالي‎ ) , ( 1934 - -1978 ) was a Syrian modern artist .
Sir John Juyn SL ( died 24 March 1440 ) was a British judge .
Welcome Duru ( 1933 - -2009 ) was a South African actor , boxing promoter , composer , musician , politician and a socialite , also known as Bra Wel .
Mary Hayden Pike ( née Green ) ( 30 November 1824 -- 15 January 1908 ) American author born in Eastport , Maine to Elijah Dix Green and Hannah Caflin Hayden .
Hendrick Snyers ( born 1611 , Antwerp -- died 1644 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish Baroque engraver .
Pavlo Teteria ( Ukrainian : Павло́ Тете́ря ; Russian : Па́вел Ива́нович Тете́ря , Polish : Paweł Morzkowski herbu Ślepowron ) ( 1620s--1670 ) was Hetman of Right - bank Ukraine ( 1663 - -1665 ) .
Moyses Chahon ( 1918 - -1981 ) was a Brazilian Army general and a distinguished veteran of World War II . He was born in Rio de Janeiro .
Arthur Hobhouse , 1st Baron Hobhouse KCSI , PC , QC ( 10 November 1819 -- 6 December 1904 ) , was an English lawyer and judge .
Edward Southwell , Jr. of King 's Weston , Gloucestershire ( 1/16 June 1705 -- 16 March 1755 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician .
Otto VI , Count of Tecklenburg ( died 1388 ) was the only son of Count Nicholas I and his wife , Helena of Oldenburg - Wildeshausen - Alt - Bruchhausen .
Oveco Núñez ( died 951 ) was the Bishop of León from 927 until his death .
Dick Tyldesley ( Richard Knowles Tyldesley born 11 March 1897 , Westhoughton , Lancashire , died 17 September 1943 , Bolton , Lancashire ) was a Lancashire cricketer who was one of the most important figures in Lancashire breaking Yorkshire 's stronghold on the County Championship between 1926 and 1930 .
Gilbert Dyer ( 1743 - -1820 ) was an English bookseller , known also as an antiquarian writer .
Nicolas Desportes ( 1718 - -1787 ) was a French painter , specialising in representations of animals and hunting scenes .
Antoine de Longueval ( fl . 1498 - -1525 ) was a French singer and composer of the Renaissance .
Edward Edmondson , Jr. ( 1830 - -1883 ) was an American artist , active for most of his career in Dayton , Ohio .
Gabriele Zerbi ( 1445 - -1505 ) was a Veronese professor at the Universities of Bologna and Padua .
Walford Bodie , whose real name was Samuel Murphy Bodie ( 1869 - -1939 ) , was a Scottish showman , hypnotist , ventriloquist and stage magician , famous for his ' mock ' electrocutions involving a replica of ' The Electric Chair ' .
Arthur Corbin Gould ( 1850 - -1903 ) was an avid shooter and member of the Massachusetts Rifle Association .
Philip Hershkovitz ( 12 October 1909 -- 15 February 1997 ) was an American mammalogist .
Air Marshal Boediardjo ( 16 November 1921 -- 15 March 1997 ) was Indonesian Minister of Information ( 1968 - 1973 ) for Indonesian First Development Cabinet ( Indonesian : Kabinet Pembangunan I ) .
Agnes Reston ( nee Harkness , 1771 -- 24 December 1856 ) was a Scottish wartime nurse during the Peninsular War .
D. P. Shettian ( 29 June 1932 -- 2 September 2006 ) was the second Bishop - in - Karnataka Southern Diocese of Church of South India headquartered in Mangalore where the Bishop 's Cathedra is placed at the CSI - Shanthi Cathedral , Balmatta , Mangalore .
Allen Boretz ( 1900 - -1985 ) , was an American songwriter , playwright and screenwriter .
Charles Eugene Lancelot Brown ( 17 June 1863 -- 2 May 1924 ) founded BBC Brown Boveri ( later ASEA Brown Boveri ) with Walter Boveri .
Medford Bryan Evans ( August 21 , 1907 -- February 4 , 1989 ) was a college professor , author , editor , and critic of liberalism in American politics , education , and society .
Dr. Abdul Jabbar Junejo ( 26 November 1935 -- 12 July 2011 ) was a prolific Sindhi writer , poet , novelist , story - writer , critic , linguist , historian and musicologist , born on 26 November 1935 at Pir Fateh Shah Village , District Badin , Sindh , Pakistan .
Elías Regules ( 1861 - -1929 ) was a Uruguayan physician , teacher , writer and politician .
Narayan Dutt Shrimali ( Paramhansa Nikhileshwaranand ascetically ) ( 21 April 1933 -- 3 July 1998 , Jodhpur ) was an academic and astrologer .
Anne Louise Gregory Ritter ( 1868 - 1929 ) was an American artist and art teacher .
Paul Zeeuwts ( b. Anderlecht 9 May 1948 , d. Brussels 17 March 2009 ) was President of the Flemish IWT from 1991 until his death in 2009 .
Peter Slaghuis ( 21 August 1961 -- 5 September 1991 ) was a Dutch DJ , producer and remixer , whose work was mostly released under the name Hithouse ( a literal translation of his last name -- slag , a hit , a beat ; and huis , house ) .
Jesse LaFollette ( 1781 NJ-1843 Ind ) is featured in one of the limestone panels at the Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial in Lincoln City , Indiana .
Fausto Cleva ( 17 May 1902 -- 6 August 1971 ) was an Italian - born American operatic conductor .
Humphrey of Montfort ( died 12 February 1284 ) was a nobleman of the Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Frank Bellamy ( 21 May 1917 -- 5 July 1976 ) was a British comics artist , best known for his work on the Eagle comic , for which he illustrated Heros the Spartan and Fraser of Africa .
John de Troye ( died 1371 ) was a Welsh - born Crown official and judge in fourteenth century Ireland , who held the offices of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland and Lord Treasurer of Ireland .
Aurelio Bacciarini ( 8 November 1873 -- 27 June 1935 ) was a Swiss Roman Catholic who served as the interim administrator of the Diocese of Lugano .
John Colin McCormack ( 2 December 1941 -- 19 June 2004 ) was a Welsh actor who enjoyed success in classical stage performances and television shows including BBC TV 's Dixon of Dock Green , a show he returned to twenty years later when he played a police constable .
Ian Wooldridge , OBE ( 14 January 1932 -- 4 March 2007 ) was a British sports journalist .
Mike Marqusee ( pronounced mar - kuh - see ; 27 January 1953 -- 13 January 2015 ) was an American writer , journalist and political activist in London .
Billy Bowlegs III , Billy Fewell , aka Cofehapkee ( 1862 - -1965 ) , was a Seminole elder , also of African - American descent .
Dezső Dersfi or Dezső , son of Ders ( died 1075 ) was a Hungarian prelate and politician , who served as Archbishop of Esztergom from 1067 to 1075 .
Brian Dorman ( 2 July 1937 -- 27 July 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Bernt Theodor Anker ( 7 March 1867 -- 21 August 1943 ) was a Norwegian linguist , priest and author .
Jean - Pierre Hautier ( 18 October 1955 -- 12 October 2012 ) was a Belgian television presenter and broadcaster for RTBF .
Petrus Filipsson ( Latin : Petrus Philippi ) , also known as Peder Filipsson Röde , was Archbishop of Uppsala , Sweden , from 1332 to 1341 .
Aleksander Józef Lisowski HNG ( c. 1580 -- October 11 , 1616 ) was a Polish--
Alexander Boyd , 3rd Lord Boyd ( died after 1508 ) Scottish noble .
António Manoel de Vilhena ( 28 May 1663 -- 10 December 1736 ) was a Portuguese nobleman who was the 66th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem from 19 June 1722 to his death in 1736 .
Ronald Sims ( 1926 - -2007 ) was a distinguished ecclesiastical architect who redesigned many English church interiors .
George Ambrum ( 1943 - 1986 ) was an Australian rugby league player from the 1960s and 1970s .
Robert Cock ( 25 May 1801 -- 23 March 1871 ) was one of the first European explorers of the Adelaide region of South Australia following the establishment of the new colony in December 1836 .
Edward Findley ( 8 September 1864 -- 26 October 1947 ) was an Australian politician and publisher .
Stanley Portal Hyatt ( 2 January 1877 -- 30 June 1914 ) was an English explorer , hunter , and writer .
Ahmed bey Pepinov Omar oglu ( Azerbaijani : Əhməd bəy Ömər oğlu Pepinov ; 1893 - -1938 ) , also known as Ahmet bey Pepinov , was an Azerbaijani statesman of Meskhetian Turkish origin who served as Minister of Agriculture in the fifth cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic , and was member of Parliament of Azerbaijan .
Karl Hubbuch ( 21 November 1891 -- 26 December 1979 ) was a German painter , printmaker , and draftsman associated with the New Objectivity .
Marcel Kerff ( Maartensvoeren , 2 June 1866 - Moelingen , 7 August 1914 ) was a Belgian cyclist who participated in the 1903 Tour de France , where he finished sixth .
Erna Viitol ( born on 10 May 1920 -- 11 November 2001 ) was an Estonian sculptor .
Fahredin Nuri ( 24 November 1914 -- 16 November 1984 ) was a notable Albanian hydraulic engineer .
Ragenar ( Latin Ragenarius , French Ragenaire or Réginaire ) was the bishop of Amiens from 830 to 833 and again from 834 until his death in 849 .
Carlos Coimbra ( 1925 -- 14 February 2007 ) was a Brazilian film editor , director and screenwriter .
Thomas William Hodgson Crosland ( July 21 , 1865 or 1868 - -1924 ) , was a British author , poet , journalist and friend of royalty .
James Latimer Allen ( 1907 - 1977 ) was a photographer and portraitist known for his images of the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s and ' 30s .
Sir Nicholas Pelham ( 1650 ? -- 8 November 1739 ) was a British politician .
Torii Kiyomoto ( Japanese : 鳥居 清元 ; 1645 - -1702 ) was a kabuki actor from Osaka and painter of billboards and other kabuki advertisements ; the founder of the Torii school of artists , he painted in an early form of what came to be known as the ukiyo - e style .
Xiong Yong ( Chinese : 熊勇 , died 838 BC ) was from 847 to 838 BC the 10th viscount of the state of Chu during the Western Zhou Dynasty of ancient China .
Lippo II Alidosi ( also called Litto , died 1350 ) was a ruler of Imola , a member of the Alidosi family .
Boris Berlin ( 27 May 1907 -- 24 March 2001 ) was a Canadian pianist , music educator , arranger , and composer of Russian birth .
Khanai Qobadi ( ca.1700 - -1759 ) was an 18th - century Kurdish Jaff poet , and one of the main Gurani poets .
George McLeod Winsor ( 1856 , Gateshead - 27 July 1939 , Isleworth , Middlesex ) was a British writer .
Johan Wilfred John `` Mick '' Mibus , known as Wilfred Mibus or Mick Mibus ( 14 September 1900 -- 18 April 1964 ) was an Australian politician .
Fung King Hey ( Simplified Chinese : 冯景禧 ; Traditional Chinese : 馮景禧 ) ( 1922 - -1985 ) , was a Chinese - born Canadian businessman .
William Joseph Bryan , Jr. ( 1926 - -1977 ) was an American physician and a pioneering hypnotist .
Rudolph Cartier ( born Rudolph Kacser , renamed himself in Germany to Rudolph Katscher ; 17 April 1904 -- 7 June 1994 ) was an Austrian television director , filmmaker , screenwriter and producer who worked predominantly in British television , exclusively for the BBC .
Charles Wycliffe Goodwin ( 1817 - -1878 ) was a British Egyptologist , bible scholar , lawyer and judge .
Dionigi Galletto ( 26 January 1932 -- 25 September 2011 ) was an Italian mathematician and academician .
Joseph Bourret ( 10 June 1802 -- 5 March 1859 ) was a 19th - century Canadian lawyer , banker and politician .
Charles - Fernand de Condamy ( 1855 - 1913 ) was a French animal painter .
Cecil Harmsworth King ( 20 February 1901 -- 17 April 1987 ) was chairman of Daily Mirror Newspapers , Sunday Pictorial Newspapers and the International Publishing Corporation ( 1963 - -68 ) , and a director at the Bank of England ( 1965 - -68 ) .
Henri Chopin ( 18 June 1922 -- 3 January 2008 ) was an avant - garde poet and musician .
Major - General Sir Ivor Philipps KCB , DSO ( 9 September 1861 -- 15 August 1940 ) was a British officer in the British Indian Army and a Liberal Party politician .
Henry Rowland - Brown ( 1865 , Woodridings , Pinner -- 1921 , Harrow Weald , London ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera By profession Rowland - Brown was a journalist and author .
José Alves de Cerqueira César ( May 23 , 1835 -- July 26 , 1911 ) was a Brazilian politician , governor of the State of São Paulo from December 1891 to August 1892 .
Sir Thomas Carus SL ( c.1515 - -5 July 1571 ) was an English barrister and judge who served as a Justice of the Queen 's Bench .
Louis - Paul M'Fédé ( 26 February 1961 -- 10 June 2013 ) was a Cameroonian soccer player who played midfield .
Charles Ingram , 9th Viscount of Irvine ( 19 March 1727 -- 27 June 1778 ) , known as Charles Ingram until 1763 , was a British landowner , politician and courtier .
Francis Ayscough ( 1701 - -1763 ) was a tutor to George III and Clerk of the Closet to his father Frederick , Prince of Wales and later Dean of Bristol Cathedral .
Rosina Megan Boyd ( 29 January 1915 -- 15 November 2001 ) was a British fly tyer most noted for her Atlantic salmon flies .
Thomas de Beauchamp , 12th Earl of Warwick , KG ( 16 March 1338 -- 8 April 1401 ) was an English medieval nobleman , and one of the primary opponents of Richard II .
Shafi Inamdar ( Marathi : शफी इनामदार ; 23 October 1945 -- 13 March 1996 ) was an Indian actor .
Paul Hankar ( 11 December 1859 -- 17 January 1901 ) was a Belgian architect and furniture designer , and an innovator in the Art Nouveau style .
Thomas Fairfax , 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron ( 16 April 1657 -- 6 January 1710 N.S. ) was an English politician .
Elsie Wilkins Sexton ( née Wing , 27 April 1868 -- 18 February 1959 ) was an English zoologist and biological illustrator .
Carl McCunn ( 1946 -- December 18 , 1981 ) was an American wildlife photographer who became stranded in the Alaskan wilderness and eventually committed suicide when he ran out of supplies .
Andrew MacLeish ( 26 June 1838 -- 14 January 1928 ) was a Scottish and American businessman .
Archibald Kennedy , 2nd Marquess of Ailsa , KT ( 25 August 1816 -- 20 March 1870 ) was a Scottish peer .
Morten Leuch ( 15 April 1732 -- 24 January 1768 ) was a Norwegian timber trader and landowner .
Martha Cheavens ( 1899 - -1975 ) was an American novelist , short - story writer and poet , several of whose works were adapted for the screen .
Carl August von Steinheil ( 12 October 1801 -- 14 September 1870 ) was a German physicist , inventor , engineer and astronomer .
Ursula Meyer ( 1915 - -2003 ) was a German - born American artist and a professor of sculpture .
Johann Vesque von Püttlingen ( pseudonym Johann Hoven ) ( 23 July 1803 -- 29 October 1883 ) , born J. Vesque de Puttelange , was an Austrian lawyer , diplomat , author , composer and singer .
Frederick James Sargood ( 1805 -- 15 January 1873 ) was a merchant and politician in colonial Victoria , a member of the Victorian Legislative Council and Victorian Legislative Assembly .
Johann Christian Thomae ( 5 April 1668 , Heldburg , Duchy of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg -- 19 March 1724 , Neustadt bei Coburg , Duchy of Saxe - Coburg ) was a German historian and biographer and a Lutheran rector of Neustadt bei Coburg .
Fritz Sarasin , full name Karl Friedrich Sarasin ( 3 December 1859 -- 23 March 1942 ) was a Swiss naturalist .
Sir Edmund Fowell , 1st Baronet ( 1593 -- October 1674 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 and in 1656 .
Harry Powlett , 4th Duke of Bolton PC ( 24 July 1691 -- 9 October 1759 ) , known until 1754 as Lord Harry Powlett , was a British nobleman and Whig politician , the second son of Charles Paulet , 2nd Duke of Bolton and Frances Ramsden .
Cui Lin ( died 244 ) , courtesy name Deru , was a high government official of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period .
Leo II of Galicia , also known as Lev Yurevich ( unknown -- 1323 ) was Prince of Lutsk and Galicia , one of the last two Rurikid kings of Galicia - Volhynia ( r. 1308 - -1323 ; according to some sources , 1315 - -23 ) .
Kerttu Nuorteva ( 10 November 1912 , Astoria , Oregon , United States - 29 August 29 1963 , Karaganda , Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic , Soviet Union ) was a Soviet intelligence agent .
Clarence Hutchenrider ( 13 June 1908 - 18 August 1991 ) was an American jazz clarinetist born in Waco , Texas .
K. C. Hsiao ( Chinese : 蕭公權 ; pinyin : Xiāo Gōngquán ; 29 December 1897 -- 4 November 1981 ) was a Chinese scholar and educator , best known for his contributions to Chinese political science and history .
Philip Long ( died 1832 ) was an American colonist who remained loyal to the British government during the American War of Independence .
David Ayton , Sr . ( 25 May 1857 -- 30 January 1931 ) was a Scottish professional golfer who played in the late 19th century .
Edmund Aikin ( 2 October 1780 -- 11 March 1820 ) was an English architect and writer on architecture .
Arthur Christiansen ( 27 July 1904 -- 27 September 1963 ) was a journalist , and editor of Lord Beaverbrook 's newspaper the Daily Express from 1933 to 1957 .
Paul Tossanus ( Toussain ) ( 1572 - -1634 ) was a Huguenot minister , who spent most of his life in Germany .
Francis Brokesby or Brookesbuy ( 1637 - -1714 ) , was a nonjuror .
Minor Cooper Keith ( 19 January 1848 -- 14 June 1929 ) was an American businessman whose railroad , commercial agriculture , and shipping enterprises much influenced the national economies of the Central American countries , and that of Colombia .
Arthur Tiley ( 17 January 1910 -- 5 June 1994 ) was a British Conservative and National Liberal politician .
Harris Leuke Ratwatte ( known as Harris Leuke Ratwatte Dissawa ) ( 1900 - 1964 ) was a Ceylonese legislator .
Barton Booth ( 1681 -- 10 May 1733 ) was one of the most famous dramatic actors of the first part of the 18th century .
Georg Ludwig Engelhard Krebs ( 19 July 1792 - 11 May 1844 ) was a German apothecary and natural history collector who spent his entire career in South Africa .
La Voisin was convicted of witchcraft and was burned in public on the Place de Grève in Paris the 22 February 1680 .
Sant Garib Das ( 1717 - -1778 ) was a Yogi and called Acharaya ( one who is teacher to saints ) , spiritual reformer and founder of the Garibdasi panth ( a section who follow his preachings ) .
Eric Haraldsson ( Old Norse : Eiríkr Haraldsson , Norwegian : Eirik Haraldsson ; c. 885 -- 954 ) , nicknamed Eric Bloodaxe ( Old Norse : Eiríkr blóðøx , Norwegian : Eirik Blodøks ) , was a 10th - century Norwegian ruler .
David Jewell ( 24 March 1934 -- 21 May 2006 ) was a British independent school headmaster during the late 20th century .
Wyn Murray ( 4 July 1908 -- 21 December 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hans Hilfiker ( 15 September 1901 -- 2 March 1993 ) was a Swiss engineer and designer .
Sir Hugh Low , GCMG ( 10 May 1824 -- 18 April 1905 ) was a British colonial administrator and naturalist .
Robert William Keate ( 16 June 1814 -- 17 March 1873 ) was a career British colonial governor , serving as Commissioner of the Seychelles from 1850 to 1852 , Governor of Trinidad from 1857 to 1864 , of Natal from 1867 to 1872 , and of Gold Coast from 7 March 1873 to 17 March 1873 .
Ultrix ( officially all - caps ULTRIX ) is the brand name of Digital Equipment Corporation 's ( DEC ) discontinued native Unix operating systems .
Tap Tap Revenge , also known as Tap Tap Revenge Classic was a music game created by Nate True , and developed and published by Tapulous for the iOS in July 2008 .
1000 Heroz is a puzzle - platform video game developed and self - published by RedLynx .
Infamous First Light ( stylized as inFAMOUS First Light ) is a standalone downloadable content action - adventure video game developed by Sucker Punch Productions and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Ancient Trader is a turn - based strategy video game developed by the Slovakian studio 4Kids Games .
Ant Nation is a real time strategy video game from Konami for WiiWare and Nintendo DS . The WiiWare version was released on July 13 , 2009 in North America and the Nintendo DS version was released on September 8 , 2009 .
Luftrausers ( stylized as LUFTRAUSERS ) is a 2014 shoot 'em up video game developed by Netherlands - based indie developer studio Vlambeer and published by Devolver Digital for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita .
Beautiful Katamari , released in Japan as Beautiful Katamari Damacy ( ビューティフル塊魂 Byūtifuru Katamari Damashii ) , is a video game by Namco Bandai Games for the Xbox 360 .
Lego Legends of Chima Online was a MMORPG based on the toy line of the same name , developed by Warner Bros. Games Montréal that was opened in beta for the US and Canada as of 6 August 2013 .
Bit . Trip Fate , marketed as BIT.TRIP FATE , is an arcade - style scrolling shooter music game developed by Gaijin Games and published by Aksys Games for the Wii 's WiiWare download service .
Take On Helicopters ( TKOH ) is a 2011 video game developed by Bohemia Interactive .
Dream Zone is an adventure video game developed by JAM Software ( later known as Naughty Dog ) published by Baudville , and released in 1987 for the Apple IIGS and then ported to the Amiga , Atari ST and PC .
Cartoon Network Racing is a racing video game made by Cartoon Network Interactive , Eutechnyx , Firebrand Games ( Nintendo DS version ) and The Game Factory .
Brawl Brothers , known in Japan as Rushing Beat Run ( ラッシング・ビート乱 複製都市 Rasshingu BRan : Fukusei Toshi , `` Rushing Beat Chaos : The City of Clones '' ) , is a side - scrolling beat 'em up game developed and published by Jaleco for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992 .
Magic Johnson 's Fast Break ( alternatively titled Magic Johnson 's Basketball ) is a side - scrolling basketball sports game developed by Arcadia Systems and published in 1988 .
Ready Set Word ( previously known as Spelling Spree ) is an upcoming title from Ubisoft for the Wii .
Crackpots is an Atari 2600 game designed by Dan Kitchen and published by Activision in 1983 .
Vendetta Online ( VO ) is a twitch - based , science fiction massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) developed by Guild Software for the operating systems Android , Linux , Mac OS X , iOS , and Microsoft Windows .
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 3D ( Winning Eleven 3D Soccer in Japan ) is an association football video game released as a launch title for the Nintendo 3DS , developed and published by Konami .
Photo Booth is a software application for taking photos and videos with an iSight camera by Apple Inc. for Mac OS X and iOS ( on the iPad and iPad Mini available starting with the iPad 2 ) .
Who Shot Johnny Rock ? is the title of a live - action full motion video laserdisc video game produced by American Laser Games and released in the arcade in 1991 , as well as for DOS , Sega CD , 3DO and CD - i in or around 1994 .
ESPN College Hoops 2K5 is an American college basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by Sega .
Mystic Defender is a two - dimensional action video game released for the Sega Genesis system .
Ridge Racer 64 is a racing game developed by Nintendo Software Technology for the Nintendo 64 in 2000 .
Tuff E Nuff , known in Japan as Dead Dance ( デッドダンス ) , is a 1993 fighting game developed and released by Jaleco for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
MUTE was developed by Jason Rohrer using a routing algorithm based on ant colony optimization .
Cannon Spike , known as ガンスパイク ( Gunspike ) in Japanese arcades , is a multi - directional shooter arcade game released in 2000 by Psikyo and later in the same year for the Dreamcast by Capcom .
Chicago 90 is an action / racing game developed by Microïds in 1989 which provides two game modes : one can play both gangsters and policemen with two different goals and strategies .
The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot is a free - to - play real - time strategy video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal .
Pit Crew Panic ! is a WiiWare game by Hudson Soft .
Falcon 4.0 is a combat flight simulator video game released on December 12 , 1998 by MicroProse .
XNU is the computer operating system kernel developed at Apple Inc. since December 1996 for use in the OS X operating system and released as free and open source software as part of the Darwin operating system .
Adventures of Lolo was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by HAL America for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
ESPN NBA 2Night 2002 is a video game developed by Konami and released for the Xbox , PlayStation 2 , and Game Boy Advance .
Terracide is a zero - G first person shooter developed by Simis and published by Eidos Interactive in 1997 .
Fort Zombie is a role - playing video game developed by Kerberos Productions .
SWAT 4 is a tactical first - person shooter video game developed by Irrational Games and published by Vivendi Universal Games on April 5 , 2005 .
Wild Arms 2 , known in Japan as Wild Arms : 2nd Ignition ( ワイルドアームズ セカンドイグニッション Wairudo Āmuzu Sekando Igunisshon ) , is a role - playing game , and the second installment in the Wild Arms series , developed by Media . Vision and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Z - Out is a 1990 side - scrolling shoot 'em up released for the Amiga and Atari ST by Rainbow Arts .
Stellar Dawn was an upcoming browser - based sci - fi themed MMORPG under development by UK game developer Jagex .
Rocket Ranger is a 1988 action adventure computer game developed and published by Cinemaware .
Bliss Island is a puzzle video game developed by PomPom Games and published by Codemasters for PC and PlayStation Portable .
Ranch Rush is a farm management video game developed by Aliasworlds Entertainment and published by FreshGames in 2008 .
Invasion Orion is a 1979 science fiction strategy game written and published by Automated Simulations ( who would become Epyx in 1983 ) .
City of Heroes ( CoH ) was a massively multiplayer online role - playing game based on the superhero comic book genre developed by Cryptic Studios and published by NCSOFT .
Gruntz is a puzzle / strategy game for the PC , developed and published in February 1999 by Monolith Productions .
NASCAR Racing 3 is a racing simulator produced by Papyrus Design Group in 1999 .
Bottom of the 9th ' 99 is a baseball video game published and developed by Konami and released on August 31 , 1998 , for the PlayStation .
Aces of the Pacific is a combat flight simulator game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1992 .
World of Warcraft ( WoW ) is a massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) created in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment .
Darkened Skye is a third - person action - adventure video game developed by Boston Animation .
Goat Simulator is a third - person perspective action video game developed and published by Coffee Stain Studios .
TrackMania Turbo ( commonly shortened to TMT ) is a racing video game developed by Nadeo and published by Ubisoft .
Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing ( EMDR ) is a psychotherapy developed by Francine Shapiro that emphasizes disturbing memories as the cause of psychopathology .
War Thunder is a World War II - inspired massively multiplayer online combat game developed by Gaijin Entertainment for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , PlayStation 4 and Shield Android TV .
Mario Superstar Baseball , known in Japan as Super Mario Stadium Miracle Baseball ( スーパーマリオスタジアム ミラクルベースボール Sūpā Mario Sutajiamu Mirakuru Bēsubōru ) is a sports game that was developed by Namco and NOW Production and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2005 .
The Apple A5 is a 32-bit system - on - a - chip designed by Apple Inc. and manufactured by Samsung and is the successor to the Apple A4 .
Starship 1 is an arcade game developed , manufactured , and released by Atari in 1976 .
Hot Wheels Track Attack is an arcade - style racing video game , developed by Firebrand Games , and published by THQ .
Mainly titled Prophecy I - The Viking Child is a game created by Imagitec Design Limited on Amiga , Atari ST , Atari Lynx , Game Boy , Game Gear and the PC .
Alfred Chicken is a series of platform games , originally created by Twilight .
Hydro Thunder Hurricane is a boat racing video game developed by Vector Unit and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade .
Mega Man X Collection is a compilation of video games developed by Capcom .
Incoming Forces is a 2002 shooter video game developed by Rage Software and published by Hip Interactive , and is the sequel to the 1998 video game Incoming .
Xenoblade Chronicles , known in Japan as Xenoblade ( Japanese : ゼノブレイド Hepburn : Zenobureido ) , is a Japanese action role - playing game developed by Monolith Soft and published by Nintendo for the Wii home console .
Young Thor is the second PlayStation Portable mini developed by Frima Studio , the first being Zombie Tycoon released on October 29 , 2009 .
NRL Mascot Mania is a National Rugby League video game , developed by Wicked Witch Software for Nintendo DS . It was released in July 2009 but was released early at some EB stores .
Battle Rap Stars is a mobile rap battle game for iOS created by Jump Shot Media that uses inputted audio to evaluate and score .
Wild West Guns is a WiiWare and iPhone OS shooting video game by Gameloft .
Long produced by SPSS Inc. , it was acquired by IBM in 2009 .
Bill Laimbeer 's Combat Basketball is a futuristic basketball video game released in 1991 by Hudson Soft for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
Senegambia and Niger was a short - lived administrative unit of the French possessions in Africa , formed in 1902 and reorganized in 1904 into Upper Senegal and Niger .
Bydgoszcz Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo bydgoskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Palatine Zweibrücken ceased to exist in 1801 , when it was annexed by France .
The 352nd Infantry Division ( 352 . Infanterie - Division ) was a formation of the German Wehrmacht during World War II . A western front outfit , the 352nd became notable for its tenacious defense of Omaha Beach on D - Day , 6 June 1944 .
Propaganda Games was a video game development studio based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada which operated from 2005 to 2011 as a unit of Disney Interactive Studios , the interactive subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company .
On his release , Qaboos bin Said , with the help of British military forces , staged a successful palace coup and was proclaimed Sultan of Muscat and Oman in 1970 .
Czech and Slovak Federative Republic ( Czech / Slovak : Česká a Slovenská Federativní / Federatívna Republika , ČSFR ) was the official name of Czechoslovakia from 23 April 1990 until 31 December 1992 , when the country was dissolved into the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic .
Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk ( Northwest German Broadcasting - NWDR ) was the organization responsible for public broadcasting in the German Länder of Hamburg , Lower Saxony , Schleswig - Holstein and North Rhine - Westphalia from 22 September 1945 to 31 December 1955 .
The Second Ganzouri Cabinet was led by Egyptian prime minister Kamal Ganzouri from 7 December 2011 to 26 June 2012 .
The first state of Salm - Kyrburg was partitioned between itself , Salm - Mörchingen and Salm - Tronecken in 1607 , and was inherited by Salm - Neuweiler in 1681 upon the lines ' extinction .
When , in 1604 Louis IV , Landgrave of Hesse - Marburg died without male issue , he bequeathed equal shares of his territory to the landgraviates of Hesse - Kassel ( Marburg ) and Hesse - Darmstadt ( Gießen , Nidda ) , yet under the condition that both territories should remain Lutheran .
In 1918 , it was joined by Smolensk Governorate and in October 1919 , Mogilev Governorate was reformed into Gomel Governorate .
Rechberg and Rothenlöwen was mediatised to Württemberg in 1806 .
The People 's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia ( PDRE ) was the official name of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991 , as established by the Communist government of Mengistu Haile Mariam and the Workers ' Party of Ethiopia ( WPE ) .
The Galician Regionalist Association ( ARG , Asociación Regionalista Gallega in Spanish language or Asociación Rexionalista Galega in Galician language ) was an active regionalist political organization in Galicia between 1890 and 1892 .
Jordanian occupation of the West Bank refers to the occupation and annexation of the West Bank ( including East Jerusalem ) by Jordan ( formerly Transjordan ) , during a period of nearly two decades ( 1948 - -1967 ) in the aftermath of the 1948 Arab--
The Hohenzollern Locomotive Works ( Aktiengesellschaft für Lokomotivbau Hohenzollern ) was a German locomotive - building company which operated from 1872 to 1929 .
Eastern Air Lines was a major American airline from 1926 to 1991 .
The Reconstruction Finance Corporation ( RFC ) was a government corporation in the United States that operated between 1932 and 1957 which provided financial support to state and local governments and made loans to banks , railroads , mortgage associations and other businesses .
The Prussian Landkreis Regenwalde in Pomerania was a rural district that existed between 1818 and 1945 .
Sieradz Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo sieradzkie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in the years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by Łódź Voivodeship .
Computer City was a chain of United States - based computer superstores operated by Tandy Corporation ; the retailer was sold to CompUSA in 1998 and liquidated .
English Electric 's operations were merged with GEC 's in 1968 , the combined business employing more than 250,000 people .
The Rochester Jeffersons from Rochester , New York played in the National Football League from 1920 to 1925 .
Alpha Delta Theta was a national collegiate sorority operating in the United States from 1919 to 1939 .
Uppland County , or Upplands län , was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1641 , and from 1654 to 1714 .
The Kingdom of Kaffa ( c. 1390 - -1897 ) was an early modern state located in what is now Ethiopia , with its first capital at Bonga .
On 2 June 1980 , the 2 June Movement disbanded .
The squadron was established on 2 May 1970 as a Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron VAQ-308 , redesignated as VAK-308 on 1 October 1979 and disestablished on 30 September 1988 .
Minsk Voivodeship ( Belarusian : Менскае ваяводзтва , Menskaje vajavodztva , Polish : Województwo mińskie , Latin : Palatinatus Minscensis ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Grand Duchy of Lithuania since 1413 and later in Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth until the partitions of the Commonwealth in 1793 .
During 2010 , Aryan Cargo Express operated one single Airbus A310 - 300F.
It had limited success before merging with the Consolidated Aircraft Corporation in 1943 , to form the Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation − or Convair .
The Xin dynasty ( Chinese : 新朝 ; pinyin : Xīn Cháo ; Wade -- Giles : Hsin Ch'ao ) was a Chinese dynasty ( termed so despite having only one emperor ) which lasted from 9 to 23 AD .
In January 2010 , the savings business of Bradford & Bingley was combined with the bank , and Abbey National plc was renamed Santander UK plc . Prior to the takeover , Abbey National plc was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index .
In 1991 , Palace Software 's parent company , Palace Group , sold it to Titus Software .
Automobiles J. Suère was a French manufacturer of automobiles between 1909 and 1931 .
The Democratic Republic of Georgia ( DRG ; Georgian : საქართველოს დემოკრატიული რესპუბლიკა Sakartvelos Demokratiuli Respublika ) existed from May 1918 to February 1921 and was the first modern establishment of a Republic of Georgia .
The Hamburg Sea Devils were an American football team that played in NFL Europa from 2005 to 2007 .
Kreis Bergen ( district of Bergen ) was a Kreis on the island of Rügen in the district of Bezirk Rostock in East Germany from 1952 to 1955 .
During 2006 , the majority of the Robinsons - May stores were converted to the Macy 's or Bloomingdale 's nameplate , either as replacements for existing stores , new locations or as expansions of existing locations .
Arrow Air ceased operations on June 29 , 2010 , and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 1 , 2010 .
Red Whittaker is a roboticist and research professor of robotics at Carnegie Mellon University .
Peter Serracino Inglott ( April 26 , 1936 -- March 16 , 2012 ) was Rector of the University of Malta ( 1987 - -1988 , 1991 - -1996 ) and Emeritus Professor of philosophy at the same University .
Torquhil Matheson was born in 1871 , the youngest child of Sir Alexander Matheson , 1st Baronet , and was educated at Eton College .
Myra Strober received her degree from Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations in 1962 .
After graduating from Taipei Municipal Chien Kuo Senior High School , Lin Chia - lung attended National Taiwan University ( NTU ) , where he received his BA ( 1986 ) and MA ( 1988 ) in political science .
Educated at Bedford School , Nigel Tapp was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1924 .
Paul Jacobsthal ( 23 February 1880 in Berlin -- 27 October 1957 in Oxford ) was a scholar of Greek vase painting and Celtic art . He wrote his dissertation at the University of Bonn under the supervision of Georg Loeschcke .
Her niece was the 1920s poet Elinor Wylie , Helen Hoyt was educated at Barnard College .
Robert Folk is a graduate and former faculty member of the famed Juilliard School in New York City .
Arti Dhand has a B.A. and M.A. from the University of Calgary , and a Ph.D. from McGill University .
Melor 's legend makes him a prince who was only seven when his uncle , Riwal , murdered his father , St Miliau or Milio .
Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens ( 18 April 1847 -- 2 May 1872 ) was a Royal Navy officer ; the fifth son and seventh child of English novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine .
Richard Butler , 3rd Viscount Mountgarret ( 1578 - -1651 ) was the son of Edmund Butler , 2nd Viscount Mountgarret and Grany or Grizzel , daughter of Barnaby Fitzpatrick , 1st Baron Upper Ossory .
Elisabeth von Trapp is the granddaughter of Georg and Agatha von Trapp and the daughter of Werner von Trapp .
Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg ( given names : Alexandra Joséphine Teresa Charlotte Marie Wilhelmine ; born 16 February 1991 ) is the fourth child and only daughter of Grand Duke Henri and Grand Duchess Maria Teresa .
Sayyedati was one of the best horses sired by Shadeed who won the 2000 Guineas and the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes in 1985 .
Alcetas I of Macedon ( Greek : Ἀλκέτας ὁ Μακεδών ; 576 - -547 BC ) was a son of Aeropus I of Macedon and the 8th king of Μacedon , counting from Karanus , and the 5th , counting from Perdiccas , reigned , according to Eusebius , 29 years .
Tabiry was the daughter of Alara of Nubia and his wife Kasaqa and the wife of King Piye .
Xiao Zixian 's grandfather was Xiao Daocheng ( Emperor Gao of Southern Qi ) , and his father was Emperor Gao 's second son Xiao Ni the Prince of Yuzhang .
Black Jester was sired by Polymelus , who won the Champion Stakes in 1906 , and went on to much greater success as a stallion .
The Budapest Festival Orchestra ( Hungarian : Budapesti Fesztiválzenekar ) was formed in 1983 by Iván Fischer and Zoltán Kocsis , with musicians `` drawn from the cream of Hungary 's younger players '' , as The Times put it .
NetZero launched in October 1998 , founded by Ronald T. Burr ( original CEO ) , Stacy Haitsuka , Marwan Zebian and Harold MacKenzie .
Udacity is a for - profit educational organization founded by Sebastian Thrun , David Stavens , and Mike Sokolsky offering massive open online courses ( MOOCs ) .
Hip Hing Construction was founded in Hong Kong in March 1961 by Dr. Cheng Yu - tung , Dr. David Sin and Mr. Yan Kao .
3D Robotics was co - founded in 2009 by Chris Anderson ( 3D Robotics CEO ) and Jordi Muñoz ( 3D Robotics President ) .
Htoo Foundation is a foundation in Myanmar ( Burma ) founded by Burmese business tycoon Tay Za .
The Committee on Human Rights in the USSR ( Russian : Комите́т прав челове́ка в СССР ) was founded in 1970 by dissident Valery Chalidze together with Andrei Sakharov and Andrei Tverdokhlebov .
Epicureanism is a system of philosophy based upon the teachings of the ancient Greek philosopher Epicurus , founded around 307 BC . Epicurus was an atomic materialist , following in the steps of Democritus .
Founding Geely in 1986 as a refrigerator maker with money borrowed from family , Li Shufu transformed the company into a successful private automaker selling inexpensive products to Chinese consumers .
The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative is a limited liability company founded by Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan with an investment of `` up to $ 1 billion in shares in each of the next three years '' .
The .NET Foundation is an independent organization founded in April 2014 by Microsoft Corporation , to improve open - source software development and collaboration around the .NET Framework .
Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette ( DLJ ) was a U.S. investment bank founded by William H. Donaldson , Richard Jenrette and Dan Lufkin in 1959 .
The Schmidt Ocean Institute is a non - profit private foundation focused on oceanography , founded in March 2009 by Eric Schmidt and Wendy Schmidt .
Florence Violet McKenzie OBE ( née Granville ; 1890 - -1982 ) , affectionately known as `` Mrs Mac '' , was Australia 's first female electrical engineer , founder of the Women 's Emergency Signalling Corps ( WESC ) and lifelong promoter for technical education for women .
Aldine Press was the printing office started by Aldus Manutius in 1494 in Venice , from which were issued the celebrated Aldine editions of the classics ( Latin and Greek masterpieces plus a few more modern works ) .
Karl Sims founded GenArts , Inc. as Genetic Arts in 1996 in Cambridge , MA as a developer of Discreet Spark Plugins .
Le Cercle des économistes is a French think tank founded in 1992 by Jean - Hervé Lorenzi .
Dow Jones acquired it in January 2005 for $ 530 million and News Corp. MarketWatch was founded by Larry Kramer and others , including Bill Bishop in business development and Thom Calandra , formerly of Bloomberg London , in editorial , in 1997 .
The Library House Ltd ( Library House ) was a business information and consulting company based in Cambridge , England , founded in 2002 by Doug Richard and John Snyder .
Dr Shi Zhengrong ( born c. 1963 ) is the founder , chairman and chief executive officer of Suntech Power .
Urban Splash was founded by Tom Bloxham , a graduate of the University of Manchester , and Jonathan Falkingham , an architecture graduate from Liverpool University .
First Pacific Finance Limited was founded as a financial services provider in Hong Kong by Mr. Sudono Salim ( Chinese : 林紹良 ) , an Indonesian Chinese entrepreneur and Anthoni Salim 's father .
Equality and Reconciliation ( French : Égalité et Réconciliation ) ( E&R ) is a political association created in June 2007 by Alain Soral , former militant of the French Communist Party , and also a former member of the central committee of the National Front ( 2007 ) .
The Idiap Research Institute is a semi - private non - profit research institute at Martigny in the canton of Valais , in south - western Switzerland .
Wu Yajun ( Chinese : 吴亚军 ; born 1964 ) is a Chinese businesswoman , co - founder , former CEO and current chairwoman of Longfor Properties .
Bahujana Nidahas Peramuna ( People 's Freedom Front / Mass Freedom Front ) is a political party in Sri Lanka that was formed by Chandrika Kumaratunga when she broke away from Sri Lanka Mahajana Pakshaya .
B. Altman and Company was an American department store and chain , founded in 1865 in New York City , New York , by Benjamin Altman .
Masterseek was founded in Denmark by Rasmus Refer in 1999 .
Course of the Force , founded in 2012 , is a partnership between Lucasfilm , Nerdist Industries , Machinima and Octagon ( Sports Agency ) .
The Romualdo Del Bianco Foundation is an Italian non - profit organization established in Florence , Italy , on November 3 , 1998 by Paolo Del Bianco - who entitled the Foundation to his father Romualdo .
OpenAI is a non - profit artificial intelligence ( AI ) research company , associated with business magnate Elon Musk , that aims to carefully promote and develop open - source friendly AI in such a way as to benefit , rather than harm , humanity as a whole .
The Bauer Type Foundry was a German type foundry founded in 1837 by Johann Christian Bauer in Frankfurt am Main .
Jungle Fight was founded by pioneering MMA fighter and long - time Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt , Wallid Ismail .
The House of Bonaparte is an imperial and royal European dynasty founded in 1804 by Napoleon I , a French military leader who had risen to notability out of the French Revolution and who in 1804 transformed the First French Republic into the First French Empire , five years after his coup d'état of November 1799 .
Sinclair Radionics Ltd was a company founded by Sir Clive Sinclair in Cambridge , England which developed hi - fi products , radios , calculators and scientific instruments .
Point72 Asset Management , L.P. , is an investment firm managing the assets of its founder , Steven A. Cohen , and eligible employees .
Enhanced Music is an independent , UK - based electronic dance music record label founded by Will Holland and co - owned by Austin , Texas - based DJ / production duo Tritonal .
Conaco , LLC is the television production firm owned by entertainer Conan O'Brien .
The Orthopedic Frame Company , the precursor of Stryker Corporation , was formed on February 20 , 1946 by Dr. Homer Stryker , a Kalamazoo , Michigan - based orthopedist .
Waterloo Maple Inc. was first incorporated under the name Waterloo Maple Software in April 1988 by Keith Geddes and Gaston Gonnet , who were both then professors in the Symbolic Computation Group , a part of the computer science department ( now the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science ) at the University of Waterloo .
Robert W. Funk ( July 18 , 1926 -- September 3 , 2005 ) , was an American biblical scholar , founder of the controversial Jesus Seminar and the nonprofit Westar Institute in Santa Rosa , California .
Rainbow Hospitals is an Indian chain of Paediatric Hospitals chain based in Hyderabad , India .
CrowdTwist is a privately held company headquartered in New York City , New York that provides a SaaS based omni - channel loyalty and analytics platform that is designed to allow marketers to acquire , engage and retain customers .
The company was founded in 1876 in Aachen as Henkel & Cie by Fritz Henkel ( a 28-year - old merchant who was interested in science ) and two more partners .
Patersons Securities Ltd is a financial services firm based in Perth , Western Australia , with 15 offices throughout Australia .
The headquarters of Holland Casino is located in Hoofddorp , but in the future will move to a separate tower building of the new Holland Casino Utrecht .
Alerton ( sometimes misspelled `` Allerton '' ) is a United States company based in Lynnwood , Washington .
Palace Software was a British video game publisher and developer during the 1980s based in London , England .
The New Black Panther Party for Self - Defense ( NBPP ) is a U.S .- based black political organization founded in Dallas , Texas , in 1989 .
The Mount Sinai Health System is a hospital network in New York City .
Muthoot Pappachan Group ( MPG ) , founded in 1887 , is an Indian business house headquartered in Kochi , Kerala , India .
Located in Irvine , California , U.S.A. Autobytel Inc. was founded in 1995 by Pete Ellis , a Southern California businessman well known for the high amount of television advertisements for his dealerships located in Southgate , California throughout the 1980s .
North Sea Capital , based in Copenhagen , is an independent private equity adviser that serves institutional and high - net - worth clients including some of the largest Nordic pension funds .
Nash Motors Company was an American automobile manufacturer based in Kenosha , Wisconsin , in the United States from 1916 to 1937 .
Selective Insurance Group , Inc. is a regional insurance holding company based in Branchville , New Jersey , and provides property and casualty insurance products and insurance services to customers in the United States through its subsidiaries .
Statoil ASA , ( OSE : STL ) , is a Norwegian multinational oil and gas company headquartered in Stavanger , Norway .
LATAM Airlines Group S.A. is a Latin American airline holding company incorporated under Chilean law with its headquarters Santiago , Chile .
Zandu Realty Limited ( formerly Zandu Pharmaceutical Works Limited ) is an international pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai , India .
4J Studios is a Scottish video game development studio based in Dundee and East Linton .
Ferguson Marine Engineering Ltd is a shipyard located in Port Glasgow on the River Clyde in Scotland .
On 13 April 2012 , it was announced that Webjet would take over the sponsorship of Melbourne Football Club .
Henninger Brewery was a notable brewery in Frankfurt , Germany .
2 K China Shanghai Studio ( Chinese : 2K中国 , formerly known as 2 K Shanghai ) was a Chinese computer and video game developer established in 2006 by Take - Two Interactive .
The New York Board of Trade ( NYBOT , renamed ICE Futures US in September , 2007 ) , is a physical commodity futures exchange located in New York City .
Greenplum was a big data analytics company headquartered in San Mateo , California .
The Scottish Youth Hostels Association ( SYHA ; Gaelic : Comann Osdailean Òigridh na h - Alba ) , founded in 1931 , is part of Hostelling International and provides youth hostel accommodation in Scotland .
Cromemco was a Mountain View , California microcomputer company known for its high - end Z80-based S-100 bus computers and peripherals in the early days of the personal computer revolution .
The MTV World Design Studio is a multidisciplinary studio based in Milan that provides exclusive creative direction for the MTV International Network as well as other brands inside the Viacom group .
Corticon is an international , privately held company headquartered in Redwood City , California , with offices in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands and Japan .
Noblis is a nonprofit research corporation headquartered in Annandale , Virginia .
Cicero Networks is a privately owned software development company based in Dublin , Ireland .
Zhejiang Jonway Automobile Co. , Ltd. ( Chinese : 浙江永源汽车有限公司 ; pinyin : Zhèjiāng yǒng yuán qìchē yǒuxiàn gōngsī ) , trading as Jonway , is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Taizhou , Zhejiang .
Battery Manufacturing Association ( BMA ) was a British company located in Hove .
Engagement Labs Inc. is a Canadian company headquartered in Montreal , with offices in Toronto , Paris , and Mexico City .
ShowClix is a full - service event - ticketing company headquartered in downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Bag & Baggage Productions is a professional theatre company based in Hillsboro , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Music Lingua is a Limited Liability Partnership based in Bozeman , Montana .
The Caps Brothers Manufacturing Company was a very short lived car company in 1905 that was taken over by the Kansas City Motor Car Company , which made cars and trucks from 1905 to 1909 before briefly becoming the Wonder Motor Car Company which made the 1909 Kansas City Wonder car .
GAC Toyota Motor Co. , Ltd. ( Chinese : 广汽丰田汽车有限公司 ) is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Guangzhou , China and a joint - venture between GAC Group and Toyota Motor Company .
Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena ( BSKS ) is a New Delhi - based nationalist right - wing organization led by Tajinder Pal Singh Bagga .
The current Virgin Hotels company , based in Miami , United States , is currently seeking hotel opportunities and is preparing its first hotels .
Siam Piwat is a Bangkok based retail and development company .
Al - Ameen Educational Society was started in the year 1966 to meet the needs of education in the city of Bangalore and of the minority Muslim community .
Icahn Enterprises L.P. is an American conglomerate company headquartered at the General Motors Building in New York City , New York .
West Corporation is a publicly traded telecommunications services provider based in Omaha , Nebraska .
Heretic Films is an American film production company , based in the mountain resort town of Park City , Utah .
Inmos Limited 's head office and design office was located at Aztec West in Bristol , England .
Baywest Homes is a residential home builder with operations in Calgary , Alberta , Canada and is a division of Bordeaux Developments .
Oorja Fuel Cells was founded in 2004 by Dr. Sanjiv Malhotra in Fremont , California .
Today , in addition to its Boston office , AlgoSec has sales offices in London and Singapore , and a Research and Development Center in Petah Tikva , Israel and London .
Blinco Systems Inc. is a privately owned software company , based in Toronto , Canada , that specializes in Global Commerce Management software solutions for importers , exporters , third - party logistics providers , distributors and brand management companies .
Headquartered in Nairobi , Kenya , the bank owns subsidiary companies in Kenya , Uganda and a controlling interest ( 51 % shareholding ) , in NIC Bank Tanzania , a commercial bank in neighboring Tanzania .
John Smith 's Brewery in Tadcaster , North Yorkshire , England , produces beers including John Smith 's , the biggest selling bitter in the United Kingdom since the mid-1990s .
Belau Air is a Palauan airline with its headquarters in Koror .
Benecke - Kaliko AG , based in Hanover , develops and manufactures technical and decorative surface materials made of plastics .
Grenzebach BSH ( GmbH ) was established following the take - over of Babcock - BSH GmbH by Grenzebach Maschinenbau GmbH. Grenzebach BSH GmbH has its registered office in Bad Hersfeld , Germany , and has been a member of the Grenzebach group since October 2002 .
Wharf T&T Limited ( Chinese : 九倉電訊有限公司 ) , is , as of 2010 , the second largest fixed line telecommunication operator in Hong Kong .
Hegel Audio AS is a manufacturer of High fidelity audio equipment , based in Oslo , Norway .
On February 28 , 2008 , an action was filed in the Simpson Circuit Court , Franklin , Kentucky , entitled CNET Networks , Inc v. GameZnFlix , Inc. , D / B / A GameZnFlix.com .
The Detroit Copper Mining Company of Arizona was an American copper mining and smelting company based in Morenci , Arizona .
The McCain Institute for International Leadership is a Washington , D.C .- based think tank in cooperation with Arizona State University whose mission is to `` advance leadership based on security , economic opportunity , freedom , and human dignity , in the United States and around the world . ''
Etheric Networks is an Internet Service Provider based in Redwood City , California serving the San Francisco Bay Area .
Four Seas Ice Cream is an independent ice cream shop located in Centerville , Massachusetts .
Grimaldi Industri AB of Stockholm , Sweden , is a holding company that owns :
Apollo Vredestein B.V. has its head office in Enschede , the Netherlands .
WorldStrides is headquartered in Charlottesville , Virginia and maintains 16 office locations .
Insite is the first legal supervised drug injection site in North America , located at 139 East Hastings Street , in the Downtown Eastside ( DTES ) neighbourhood of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Thomas Tunnock Limited , commonly known as Tunnock 's , is a family baker based in Uddingston , Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Compass Light is a video production company based in Camden , Maine .
Love Honor Cherish or LHC is a Los - Angeles based , non - profit , civil rights organization that advocates for the rights of gay and lesbian couples to marry in California and the repeal of Proposition 8 at the November 2 , 2010 general election .
Ocean Conservancy ( founded as The Delta Corporation ) is a nonprofit environmental advocacy group based in Washington , D.C. , United States .
The Center for Disease Dynamics , Economics & Policy ( CDDEP ) is a public health research organization with headquarters in Washington , D.C. and New Delhi .
SKUvantage is an ecommerce product content service and technology company , based in Sydney , Australia , providing product photography and other product content related services and technology solutions .
Headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , Revere , Inc. is a privately held company whose primary shareholder is the private investment company Avantce , LLC .
Lighthouse Cooperative is an associational cooperative established in Tuguegarao City , Cagayan , Philippines in July 7 , 1998 by founder Rosauro `` Pastor Ross '' G. Resuello , together with Arturo B. Tabbu , Christian D. Sales , Andy L. Catulin , Serafin Umoquit , and 10 more cooperators .
The National Bank of Pakistan ( NBP ) is a major Pakistani commercial bank with headquarters in Karachi .
The German Medical Association ( GMA ) ( German : Bundesärztekammer ( BÄK ) ) , founded in 1947 and based in Berlin , is the co - ordinating body of physicians '' self - regulation in Germany .
The headquarters of Gideons International is in Nashville , Tennessee .
The McClatchy Company is a publicly traded American publishing company based in Sacramento , California .
Waldemar Behn or simply called BEHN is an alcoholic beverage family company in Eckernförde , Germany , that was established in 1892 .
Old Ebbitt Grill is a historic bar and restaurant located at 675 15th Street NW in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
International Business Systems ( IBS ) is a supply chain management company that provides professional services and enterprise resource management software for distributors and wholesalers , with its headquarters in Stockholm , Sweden .
Based in the Hotels Division Headquarters at the ITC Green Centre in Gurgaon , New Delhi , ITC Hotels is also the exclusive franchisee of The Luxury Collection brand of Starwood Hotels and Resorts in India .
Nersisian School ( Armenian : Ներսիսեան դպրոց , Nersisian dprots ; Georgian : ნერსისიანის სემინარია , Nersisyanis seminaria ; Russian : Нерсесяновское училище , Nersisyanovskoye učilišče ) was an Armenian higher education institution in the city of Tiflis , then Russian Empire ( now Tbilisi , Georgia ) .
Bridgewater Bank is a Canadian Schedule I chartered bank based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
UCL Business PLC ( UCLB ) is the technology - transfer company of University College London ( UCL ) and is headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Based in Jakarta , Indonesia , Lion Air is the country 's largest privately run airline , and the second largest airline , flying to 79 destinations in Indonesia , Singapore , Malaysia , Vietnam and Saudi Arabia , as well as charter routes to China and Hong Kong .
Alderbrink Press was a book publishing firm in Chicago run by Ralph Fletcher Seymour from 1897 until 1965 .
Value Line is an independent investment research and financial publishing firm based in New York City , New York , USA , founded in 1931 by Arnold Bernhard .
Formed by Anita Sinclair , Ken Gordon and Hugh Steers in 1984 , London - based Magnetic Scrolls initially dabbled with development on the Sinclair QL home computer before deciding to take advantage of the emerging Atari ST and Amiga gaming platforms .
The Lightstone Group has more than 450 employees and is headquartered in New York City with regional offices in New Jersey , Maryland and Illinois .
Novartis International AG is a Swiss multinational pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , ranking number one in sales ( 57.9 billion US$ ) among the world - wide industry in 2013 .
Taschenbergpalais is a grand hotel in Dresden , Germany .
Solido Design Automation Inc. is an electronic design automation ( EDA ) software company , headquartered in San Jose , California .
Response Dynamics , Inc. is a privately held Vienna , Virginia - based direct marketing company .
Malvern Star is a manufacturer of bicycles , located in Melbourne , Australia .
ManpowerGroup ( formerly known as ManPower Inc. ) is an American multinational human resource consulting firm headquartered in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , USA .
Geac Computer Corporation , Ltd ( TWSE : GAC and NASDAQ : GEAC ) was a producer of enterprise resource planning , performance management , and industry specific software based in Markham , Ontario .
Founded in 1986 , Montgomery & Co. is an merchant bank located in Santa Monica , California .
Green Lake Jewelry Works is a fine jewelry retailer in Seattle that specializes in custom - made jewelry .
Sohu , Inc. ( Chinese : 搜狐 ; pinyin : Sōuhú ; literally : `` Search - fox '' ) is a Chinese Internet company headquartered in the Sohu Internet Plaza in Haidian District , Beijing .
Catalina Pottery ( or Catalona Island Pottery ) is the commonly used name for Catalina Clay Products , a division of the Santa Catalina Island Company , which produced brick , tile , tableware and decorative pottery on Santa Catalina Island , California .
Spamchek is the trade name for a range of managed email services developed and operated by ENIDAN Technologies GmbH in Herrliberg , Switzerland .
Revue Noire was created in 1991 in Paris with the objective of demonstrating that `` there is art in Africa '' .
Doosan Lentjes ' main headquarters are in Ratingen , Germany .
Hanna Instruments is headquartered in Woonsocket , Rhode Island and has manufacturing sites in Mauritius , Singapore , Hungary and Romania .
Melior Discovery , Inc. is a private biopharmaceutical company based in Exton , Pennsylvania , USA .
Shenzhen Zhongjin Lingnan Nonfemet Company Limited ( SZSE : 000060 ) , shortly Zhongjin Lingnan or Nonfemet , is a Chinese company engaged in the mining and processing of lead , zinc and other non - ferrous metals .
Head Wrightson was a big heavy industrial firm based at Thornaby - on - Tees on Teesside in England .
Piasecki Helicopter Corporation was a designer and manufacturer of helicopters located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and nearby Morton , Pennsylvania , in the late 1940s and the 1950s .
Club Nautico di Roma is a private yacht club located in Rome , Italy .
Forces Financial was established in 1999 and is based in Suffolk with its company headquarters situated in Ipswich .
Headquartered in Austin , Texas , Living Direct encompasses a network of specialty eCommerce websites including CompactAppliance.com , LivingDirect.com , PortableAirShop.com , Kegerator.com , SimplyDehumidifiers.com , HotWaterSource.com and WineCoolerDirect.com .
In 1995 , Padini Holdings Sdn Bhd was converted to a public company limited by shares and adopted the name , Padini Holdings Berhad and soon listed on the Second Board of the then Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange .
In August 2013 , Shopify acquired Jet Cooper , a 25-person design studio based in Toronto .
Thuzio is a New York City based company that helps connect athletes and other talent to businesses and consumers .
Concord Well Servicing , a company based in Calgary , Alberta , is an operating company of CCS Corporation .
Co - Ro Food is a manufacturer of fruit - based uncarbonated soft drinks based in Frederikssund , Denmark .
The Imperial Porcelain Factory ( or Manufactory ) ( Russian : Императорский Фарфоровый Завод , Imperatorskii Farforovyi Zavod ) , is a producer of handpainted ceramics in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
New World PCS Limited or NWPCS ( Chinese : 新世界流動電話有限公司 ) was the mobile communication provider of `` New World Mobility '' in Hong Kong .
A+B Kasha is a French company specializing in the restoration of historic apartments and luxury real estate sales in the Saint - Germain - des - Prés area of Paris .
BT Group 's world headquarters and registered office is the BT Centre , a 10-storey office building at 81 Newgate Street in the City of London , opposite St. Paul 's tube station .
Presently , Batshaw Youth and Family Centres runs a series of group homes across Montreal , as well as youth detention centers .
Thales Air Defence Limited , formerly Shorts Missile Systems , is a defence contractor based in Belfast , Northern Ireland producing short - range or close air defence missiles .
American State Bank first opened on May 20 , 1948 in Lubbock .
The University of Pereslavl ( Russian `` Университет города Переславля '' им. А.К. Айламазяна ) is an institute located in Pereslavl - Zalessky , Russia .
Starr Labs is a Musical Instrument manufacturer that was founded in 1986 in San Diego , California by musician and inventor Harvey Starr .
Jagjaguwar is an indie rock record label based in Bloomington , Indiana .
Saint Blues Guitar Workshop is a manufacturer of high - end Boutique Electric Guitars from Memphis , Tennessee .
Regie voor Maritiem Transport was the Belgian state - owned ferry service and operated ferries on the Ostend - Dover route under the name Oostende Lines .
Wigwam Mills is a hosiery company based in Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
Toyota Material Handling , U.S.A. , Inc. ( TMHU ) , headquartered in Columbus , Indiana , is the U.S. distributor of Toyota lift trucks and tow tractors .
Griswold Manufacturing was an American manufacturer of cast iron home products founded in Erie , Pennsylvania in 1865 that finally closed in 1957 .
Western India Shipyard Limited was registered in 1993 and has a dedicated composite ship repair yard at Mormugao Harbour at Goa under a 25 year licence agreement with the Mormugao Port Trust .
Lowes Foods is a grocery store chain based in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Celtro Communication ( 2012 ) LTD . is a communications technologies vendor for mobile Backhaul ( telecommunications ) compression and optimization solutions headquartered in Petah Tikva Israel with additional offices in Russia , Africa and India .
The Bank of Alexandria is one of the largest banks in Egypt , with 210 branches across the country .
Taleo Corporation was a publicly traded database vendor based in Dublin , California .
The Game Crafter , LLC ( TGC ) is a Madison , Wisconsin company that produces tabletop game components and custom print on demand card games and board games .
Booker Software , Inc. is a software company headquartered in New York City that develops , markets , and supports cloud - based management systems for service - based businesses .
Packard was an American luxury automobile marque built by the Packard Motor Car Company of Detroit , Michigan , United States , and later by the Studebaker - Packard Corporation of South Bend , Indiana .
In Spain , DigiProces is located near Barcelona at Castellar del Vallès .
Dansko is a comfort footwear company based in West Grove , Pennsylvania .
Constantia Flexibles is a manufacturer of flexible packaging headquartered in Vienna , Austria .
Bank Medici AG was a bank based in Vienna , Austria .
Trump Entertainment Resorts , Inc. is a gaming and hospitality company that owns and operates the Trump Taj Mahal hotel and casino in Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States .
Phoenix Nuclear Labs ( PNL ) , located in Monona , Wisconsin , is a company specializing in neutron generator technology .
Latigent , LLC of Chicago , IL , was founded in 2002 , as a privately held and funded company , by Chris Crosby and Jason Kolb , two veterans of the contact center industry .
O / Y Autokoritehdas was a bus coach and lorry cabin builder which operated in Helsinki , Finland in 1923 - -1933 .
SpaceDev is based near San Diego in Poway , California .
TAG Heuer is based in La Chaux - de - Fonds , Switzerland and is led by President and CEO Jean - Claude Biver .
Silver Style Entertainment was a video game developer based in Berlin , Germany , founded in 1993 .
The Air Craft Marine Engineering Company ( ACME ) was a short - lived aircraft manufacturer based in Van Nuys , California .
China Airlines has its headquarters , CAL Park ( Chinese : 華航園區 ; pinyin : Huáháng Yuánqū ) , on the grounds of Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport in Dayuan Township , Taoyuan County .
Deccan 360 also known as Deccan Cargo & Express Logistics was a cargo airline based in Bangalore , India .
The shares of the stock of Garanti Bank are traded on the Borsa Istanbul , LSE and OTCQX .
Shin Vision Srl was an Italian company based in Rome that published Japanese anime and manga , as well as in merchandising , film / live action , non - Japanese cartoons , and music .
Hayball is a Melbourne based Australian architectural practice offering architecture , interior design and urban planning services .
Boon Brewery ( Brouwerij Boon ) is a Belgian brewery situated in Lembeek , near Brussels , that mainly produces geuze and kriek beer of a fairly traditional lambic variety , but using distinctly modern brewing techniques and equipment .
Telonium Communications is a privately held , Voice over IP ( VoIP ) hosted PBX service provider , based in Atlanta , Georgia .
LucidEra was a privately held company headquartered in San Mateo , California .
As of 2010 , all Gaggia espresso and coffee machines are still manufactured in Milan at the Robecco sul Naviglio factory .
Superior Air Parts , Inc. is a manufacturer of aviation piston engine replacement parts , headquartered in Coppell , Texas , United States and owned by the Chinese company Superior Aviation Beijing .
Headquartered in Vancouver , Canada , Methanex has a global network of operating facilities in Chile , New Zealand , Trinidad and Tobago , Egypt and Canada .
Air Commerz was set up in Hamburg in early 1970 .
A-1 Express Delivery Service , Inc. is an Atlanta transportation , distribution ( business ) , and courier service company headquartered in Metro Atlanta , United States and incorporated in 1997 .
Emperor International Holdings Limited ( 英皇集團(國際)有限公司 ) is an investment holding company , which is principally engaged in property investments , property development and self - run hotel with a total GFA of 4.8 million sq . ft . in Hong Kong , Macau and China .
Arkema is a leading specialty chemicals and advanced materials company headquartered in Colombes , near Paris , France .
ERACE , also known as Eracism is an anti - racism organization created in New Orleans , Louisiana in 1993 by Brenda Thompson , Black , and Rhoda Faust , White , in response to racially charged statements in letters to the editors of the Times - Picayune series `` Together Apart / The Myth of Race '' .
Block Drug Company was a pharmaceutical company based in Jersey City , New Jersey , United States , that specialized in dental care products .
Elektrim SA , is a Polish public company trading since 1992 on the Warsaw Stock Exchange , and is the result of the privatization of the former PHZ Elektrim .
Microland is an Indian IT company based in Bangalore .
CEDADE , whose headquarters were located in Barcelona , established a branch in Madrid in 1973 .
Power Vehicle Innovation or PVI is a French truck and bus manufacturer , based in Gretz - Armainvilliers near Paris , France , specialized in electric powertrains .
MCI Capital SA - private equity fund listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange active in the Central and Eastern Europe .
MisterCertified is based in Tampa , Florida and was founded in 2001 .
Phillips & Drew was a large stockbroking partnership and company based in the City of London , England .
Cedille Records is the independent record label of The Chicago Classical Recording Foundation .
Borland was first headquartered in Scotts Valley , California , then in Cupertino , California , and now in Austin , Texas .
Nouvelair Limited Company ( French : Nouvelair Société Anonyme , Tunisian Arabic : الطيران الجديد تونس‎ ) , trading as Nouvelair Tunisie , or simply Nouvelair , is a Tunisian airline with its registered office in Tunis , while its head office in the Dhkila Tourist Zone in Monastir , near the Hôtel Sahara Beach .
The Chinese Legend chain was founded in 1994 in Sydney .
MoneyGram International Inc. is a money transfer company based in the United States with headquarters in Dallas , Texas .
GIC Private Limited , formerly known as Government of Singapore Investment Corporation , is a sovereign wealth fund established by the Government of Singapore in 1981 to manage Singapore 's foreign reserves .
Museum Store Company is an online retailer headquartered in Denver , Colorado , USA .
Gebran Geahchan & Sons SAL , known as `` Gebran Geahchan & Fils SAL '' in French , is Lebanon 's leading retailer and distributor for baby products .
The United States Wrestling Association or USWA was a professional wrestling promotion based in Memphis , Tennessee .
Tribe Pictures is a film production company headquartered in Chatham Borough , New Jersey .
Erdem Architects maintains offices in Ankara , Istanbul and New York .
Forum Communications Company is a media firm based in Fargo , North Dakota .
Based in Tukwila , Washington , BECU has over $ 12 billion in assets and over 850,000 members , making it the largest credit union in Washington and fourth largest in the United States .
Jako AG is a German sportswear company based in the Hollenbach district of Mulfingen , Baden - Württemberg .
Rolawn was founded in 1975 in Scotland before moving headquarters to the North of England in the Vale of York at Elvington , City of York .
Leopard Capital also participated in the first IPO on the Cambodia Securities Exchange by investing in the Phnom Penh Water Supply Authority .
Golaem was created in 2009 in Rennes by researchers and engineers from INRIA , a major French research center , leveraging on 15 years of research on the modeling and simulation of human characters .
Since January 2004 , Mowag has been a company within the General Dynamics European Land Systems group and at present employs around 750 highly skilled personnel at the facility in Kreuzlingen , Switzerland .
Playdek is an independent video game development company founded in 2011 , based in Carlsbad , California .
Round Table Advertising ( Round Table ) is a privately held full - service advertising agency located in Toronto , Ontario .
Headquartered in San Antonio , Texas , SWBC employs nearly 2,000 people nationwide and is licensed to do business in all 50 U.S. states .
With its headquarters in Irvine , California , Printronix employs over 600 personnel through its 14 offices worldwide .
The Cruising Yacht Club of Australia(CYCA ) , established in 1944 in Rushcutters Bay , inner - east Sydney .
Based in Quebec City and founded in 2003 , Frima Studio is a Canadian multiplatform game developer .
The Progressive Building Society was founded in 1914 in Belfast , and operates 12 branches across Northern Ireland .
Grant , Ritchie and Company was a Scottish engineering firm based in Kilmarnock , Scotland .
Aero Trasporti Italiani ( ATI ) was an Italian airline headquartered in Naples , Italy .
Benelli Armi SpA is an Italian firearm manufacturer founded in 1967 , located in Urbino , Italy , best known for high quality shotguns used by military , law enforcement and civilians all over the world .
On July 12 , 2010 , London - based insurance broker , Aon plc ( at the time Aon Corporation , based in Chicago near Hewitt 's Lincolnshire headquarters ) , announced that it had agreed to acquire Hewitt Associates for $ 4.9 billion in cash and stock .
Data Explorers is a privately owned financial data and software company headquartered in London , UK with offices in New York , US , Edinburgh and Hong Kong .
Founded by Javid Alavi in London in 1967 , and with a presence on Carnaby Street , Merc Clothing aimed to fill a demand for a specific look in 1960s England .
Alpha Cables is a television broadcaster based in Multan . It serves cable and broadband access to many homes around Multan .
The Rhenish - Westphalian Coal Syndicate ( ger . : Rheinisch - Westfälisches Kohlen - Syndikat -RWKS ) was a cartel established in 1893 in Essen bringing together the major coal producers in the Ruhr .
Donut King is Australia 's biggest doughnut franchise , based on the Gold Coast , Queensland .
Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Company Limited ( Chinese : 香港飛機工程有限公司 ) , better known as HAECO ( 港機工程 ) , ( SEHK : 0044 , OTC Pink : HKAEY ) .
Lanner Group Ltd is a discrete event simulation software company headquartered in Henley - in - Arden , Warwickshire .
PTI Securities & Futures is a money management , securities and discount brokerage firm with offices in Chicago , Illinois and Peoria , Arizona .
Kahn 's is an American meat processing and distribution company established in Cincinnati , Ohio .
High Fidelity HDTV was headquartered in Toronto , Ontario and it operated 4 HD channels .
Ocata Therapeutics ( named Advanced Cell Technology , Incorporated ( ACT ) until November 2014 ) is a biotechnology company located in Marlborough , Massachusetts , USA .
Publishers Clearing House was founded in 1953 in Port Washington , New York , by Harold Mertz , a former manager of a door - to - door sales team for magazine subscriptions .
NaturalMotion is a British software company with offices in Oxford , London , Brighton and San Francisco .
Kehrer Verlag is a publisher of books of fine art , photography , and on culture and sound art . It is based in Heidelberg , Germany , and was founded in 1995 by Klaus Kehrer .
Marsh & McLennan Companies , Inc. is a global professional services firm with headquarters in New York City .
Gulf and Fraser Fishermen 's Credit Union operating as G&F Financial Group is a member - owned financial institution in Burnaby , British Columbia and the tenth largest credit union in British Columbia .
Nordea is listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange , Helsinki Stock Exchange and Stockholm Stock Exchange .
ZootFly was founded in December 2002 in Ljubljana , Slovenia by industry veterans Boštjan Troha , Denis Rožaj and David Pangerl .
Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment Pvt Ltd is a Mumbai - based production company as a part of Hindi film industry .
First Jersey Credit Union is a federally insured , state chartered , 102 million dollar , 7,606 member , natural person , credit union operating from two branches in Passaic County , New Jersey .
The Illinois Family Institute ( IFI ) is a Christian organization based in Carol Stream , Illinois .
The Mondragon Bookstore & Coffeehouse was a political bookstore and vegan cafe located in The Old Market Autonomous Zone at 91 Albert Street in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
QLogic Corporation is a manufacturer of networking server and storage networking connectivity and application acceleration solutions , based in Aliso Viejo , California .
The name originates from the location of the studios ( which double as the home office for Adult Swim ) at 1065 Williams Street NW in Atlanta , Georgia , near the current offices of TBS and TNT on Techwood Drive .
Rimi Baltic is a major retail operator in the Baltic states based in Riga , Latvia .
Founded by Indian expatriate Firoz Merchant in 1989 , the first Pure Gold Jewellers store was established in Dubai .
The Wagner Manufacturing Company was a family - owned manufacturer of cast iron and aluminum products based in Sidney , Ohio , US .
Doosan Power Systems ' headquarters are located in Crawley , England .
Team Mini - Max , LLC is a kit aircraft manufacturer located in Niles , Michigan .
The Défi Vert de Québec ( DVQ ) , literally `` Québec 's Green Challenge '' , is a municipal political party in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
Siddharth Institute of Engineering and Technology ( SIETK ) ( affiliated to JNTU Anathapur ) is a popular engineering college in Puttur , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Silver Lining Foundation ( Chinese : 雲彩行動,YúnCǎiXíngDòng ) was founded in Nanning , Guangxi , China , in 2007 .
Founded in 1911 , SNC - Lavalin Group Inc. , a Montreal - based company , provides EPC and EPCM services in a variety of industry sectors , including mining and metallurgy , oil and gas , environment and water , infrastructure and clean power .
Martin Williams Advertising , Inc. is an advertising agency , based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Kixeye ( stylized as KIXEYE , formerly known as Casual Collective ) is a San Francisco , California based developer of online strategy and combat games with over 5 million monthly active users .
The Alternative Democratic Reform Party ( Luxembourgish : Alternativ Demokratesch Reformpartei , French : Parti réformiste d'alternative démocratique , German : Alternative Demokratische Reformpartei ) , abbreviated to ADR , is a conservative political party in Luxembourg .
Sky Lease Cargo ( formerly Tradewinds Airlines ) is an American cargo airline based in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Mueller Water Products , Inc. ( MWP ) is a publicly traded company headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
Egosoft GmbH is a video game developer founded in 1988 and based in Würselen , Aachen , Germany .
North American Palladium Ltd. ( TSX : PDL , NYSE MKT : PAL ) , founded in 1968 as Madeleine Mines Ltd. , is a mining company with headquarters located at Toronto , Canada .
Colefax Group plc is a designer and distributor of furnishing fabrics and wallpaper , based in London in the United Kingdom .
Bank of Åland has 19 branch offices on the Åland Islands .
50 Eggs Films is an independent film and video production company based in Massachusetts , USA .
The Savage Arms Company is a firearms manufacturing company based in Westfield , Massachusetts , with a division located in Canada .
Discovery Air Defence , is a Montreal , Quebec - based defence contractor that offers contracted airborne training services to the Canadian Armed Forces through the Contracted Airborne Training Services ( CATS ) program .
Reliance Industries Limited ( RIL ) is an Indian conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Weatherchem Corporation , headquartered in Twinsburg , Ohio , designs and manufactures plastic dispensing closures for packaging .
Hib - Tone is an American recording label , based in Atlanta , Georgia , founded by Jonny Hibbert , a law student at Woodrow Wilson College of Law , in 1981 .
The Kelham Island Brewery is a small independent brewery based in Sheffield , England .
Shoppers Drug Mart Corporation is Canada 's largest retail pharmacy chain , and has its headquarters in North York , Toronto , Ontario .
The University of Fort Hare is a public university in Alice , Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Payame Noor University ( PNU ) is a public university system and one of the largest universities in Iran , with its headquarters in Tehran , 31 provincial centers , 485 local study centers , other campuses around the country , and an International Study Center located in the headquarters in Tehran .
Feeln is owned by Hallmark Cards and based out of Los Angeles .
Laserglow Technologies is an optoelectronics company headquartered in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , specializing in the sale of lasers , particularly DPSS and collimated diode lasers .
Founded in October 1976 , The Booksmith is an independent bookstore located in the Haight Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco .
Since then , the Racing Boy brand operates its business in Puchong Utama Industrial Area .
Meizu Technology Co. , Ltd. ( Chinese : 魅族科技有限公司 ; pinyin : Mèizú Kējì Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) is a Chinese consumer electronics company based in Zhuhai , Guangdong province , China .
Bond Arms Inc. is a firearms manufacturer located in Granbury , Texas which makes derringers .
Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance ( Korean : 삼성화재 ) ( KOSPI # 000810 ) is a multinational insurance company based in central Seoul , South Korea .
DigiPen Institute of Technology is a for - profit university located in Redmond , Washington .
Saba Foulad Zagros ( Persian : صبا فولاد زاگرس‎ ) is an Iranian steel re - bar manufacturing company headquartered in Tehran , Iran .
Cinematronics Inc. was founded in 1975 by Jim Pearce , Dennis Parte and Gary Garrison in El Cajon , California , although early on Parte and Garrison sold their shares to Tom `` Papa '' Stroud .
System Simulation ( SSL ) is a software engineering company now specialising in text and multimedia information systems , based in Covent Garden , central London , England , and founded in 1970 .
Ayoki Fabricon is a mechanical and civil engineering company based in Pune , India .
Phase One Studios is a recording and mixing studio in Toronto , Ontario , Canada that opened in 1974 .
Wayne 's Coffee is a Swedish - based coffeehouse chain founded in Stockholm at Kungsgatan in 1994 .
Hell Pizza is a New Zealand - based pizza chain .
Fazioli Pianoforti ( Italian pronunciation : ( faˈtsjɔːli ) ) is a high - end maker of hand - built piano , based in Sacile , Italy .
Brown & Bigelow is a publishing company based in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States .
Aurica Motors , LLC is a start - up based out of Santa Clara , California that develops a proprietary electronic power train called the Aurica Recurve for electric cars .
Imlek a.d . ( full legal name : Akcionarsko društvo Industrija mleka i mlečnih proizvoda Imlek Padinska Skela ) is a Serbian food company based in Belgrade .
Werner & Mertz is a German holding company headquartered in Mainz .
The Marion - Handley was an automobile built in Jackson , Michigan by the Mutual Motors Company from 1916 to 1919 .
Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions ( APMSS ) of Poole , Dorset , England is a British company established in 2008 .
The Translational Genomics Research Institute ( TGen ) , is a non - profit genomics research institute established in 2002 by Jeffrey Trent , the founding Scientific Director of the National Human Genome Research Institute ( NHGRI ) , in Phoenix , Arizona , United States .
China Taiping Insurance Holdings Company ( CTIH ) formerly China Insurance International Holdings Company Limited , is a Chinese insurance conglomerate incorporated and headquartered in Hong Kong .
Vedanta Limited , formerly known as Sesa Sterlite / Sesa Goa Limited , a Vedanta Group company is one of the world 's largest global diversified natural resource majors , with operations across zinc - lead - silver , oil & gas , iron ore , copper , aluminium and commercial power .
Advanced Aviation was a manufacturer of ultralight aircraft in kit form based in Orlando , Florida .
American Income Life Insurance Company ( formerly NASDAQ : AINC ) , based in Waco , Texas , provides supplemental life insurance to labor unions , credit unions , and associations .
Payden & Rygel is a privately owned investment management firm based in Los Angeles with $ 85 billion AUM , founded in 1983 by Joan Payden .
Palladio Film is an International production company based in Cologne and London .
Gerber Legendary Blades is a maker of consumer knives and multitools headquartered in Tigard , Oregon , United States , within the Portland metropolitan area .
Charles E. Carples and Stanley W. Vogel co - founded Casual Corner in 1950 in West Hartford , Connecticut .
Reckitt Benckiser Group plc ( RB ) ( LSE : RB ) is a British multinational consumer goods company headquartered in Slough , England .
Microcosm Publishing is an independent publisher and distributor based in Portland , Oregon .
The American Light Opera Company was a semi - professional theatre company performing light operas and musicals in Washington , D.C. from 1960 to 1968 .
Acorn Treatment and Housing , formally known as ADAS ( Alcohol and Drug Abstinence Service ) is the largest drug and alcohol treatment provider of its type in the North West of England .
Callware Technologies , Inc. ( Callware ) is a software company in the telecommunication industry , headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah .
The Shaver Transportation Company is an inland water freight transportation company based in Portland , Oregon , United States .
These brands are now owned by WWRD Holdings Ltd ( Waterford Crystal , Wedgwood , Royal Doulton ) , based in Barlaston near Stoke - on - Trent .
Shandong Iron and Steel Group Co Ltd ( Chinese : 山东钢铁集团 ) , commonly known as Shandong Steel , is a Chinese steel company based in Jinan .
Wild Oak Music Group ( WOMG ) is an independent record label operated out of the Music Industry program at California State University , Chico in Chico , California and was founded in the fall of 1997 .
Golfsmith International Holdings Inc. is a golf specialty retailer based in Austin , Texas .
Originally , Antix Productions was based in Cheadle in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , Greater Manchester , but relocated to MediaCityUK in Salford , Greater Manchester in 2011 .
In April of 2014 Pepco Holdings Inc. ( PHI ) , Washington D.C .- based parent company of Atlantic City Electric , Delmarva Power , and Pepco .
Artifice Studio is a Canadian video game development company based just south of Montreal in Longueuil , Quebec .
The Sino - Spanish Association for Energy and Sustainability ( ASEES ) is a Spanish non - profit organization founded in 2009 by Cosme de Arana for the promotion of bilateral cooperation between China and Spain in the renewable energy and environment sectors .
Littelfuse , Inc is a multinational electronic manufacturing company based in Chicago , Illinois .
Paramount Equity LLC . , headquartered in Roseville , California , and consists of Paramount Equity Mortgage , a residential mortgage lending company , Paramount Solar , a residential solar power solutions company , and Paramount Equity Insurance Services .
SinoLatin Capital is a Shanghai - based - merchant bank specializing in private equity and research focused exclusively on cross border transactions between China and Latin America .
Airdale Sportplane and Supply ( also called the Airdale Flyer Company ) is an American aircraft manufacturer , founded by Brett McKinney and based in Rhinelander , Wisconsin .
TGV Cinemas ( formerly known as Tanjong Golden Village ) is the second largest cinema chain in Malaysia .
The Great Western Iron and Steel Company was a company founded in the 1890s in Kirkland , Washington by the city 's namesake Peter Kirk to build an integrated smelter and steel mill to refine local ore into steel for rails and other purposes .
ATS Automation Tooling Systems is a Cambridge , Ontario based Canadian company which designs and builds factory automation solutions .
Got Event AB is a company owned by the City of Gothenburg ( sv : Göteborgs Stad ) that operates the city 's sports venues .
Instagram began development in San Francisco , when Systrom and Brazilian Krieger chose to focus their multi - featured HTML5 check - in project , Burbn , on mobile photography .
With more than 140 doctors specializing in 35 different medical specialties , the Harbin Clinic is the largest privately owned multispecialty medical clinic in Georgia , and is a significant part of Rome , Georgia 's dominance in the field of healthcare in the triangular area between Chattanooga , Tennessee , Birmingham , Alabama , and Atlanta , Georgia .
The RIA ( Red de Innovación y Aprendizaje ) , or Leaning and Innovation Network , is a group of education centers that offer members of underserved communities in Mexico access to computers , the Internet and quality education .
LifeGem is a diamond company based in Chicago .
FreedomPop is a wireless internet and mobile phone service provider based in Los Angeles , California .
The Musée d'Orsay ( French pronunciation : ​(myze dɔʁsɛ ) ) is a museum in Paris , France , on the left bank of the Seine .
Elron Electronic Industries is a technology holding company based in Haifa Israel ; since 1962 the company has been involved in setting up , funding and developing over 30 companies and is considered one of the foundation stones of the high - tech industry in Israel .
Great Fridays is a Manchester - based product and service design company , founded in 2008 by Matthew Farrar and Robert Noble .
Established in June 2012 , Citi Orient Securities is headquartered in Shanghai , with representative offices in Beijing , Shenzhen and Xinjiang and has more than 200 employees .
Hurtigruten AS , formerly Hurtigruten Group ASA and Hurtigruten ASA , is a Norwegian transport corporation with headquarters in Tromsø , Norway .
A.G. Barr plc , commonly known as Barr 's , is a Scottish soft drink manufacturer , based in Cumbernauld , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Haivision is based in Montreal and Chicago and currently has more than 200 employees worldwide .
Sputnik Engineering AG , Biel / Bienne , Switzerland Sputnik Engineering France S.A.R.L. , Saint - Priest , France Sputnik Engineering GmbH , Neuhausen auf den Fildern , Germany .
Nomadic Theatre is a co - curricular , student - led theatre group at Georgetown University in Washington , D.C. in the United States .
Fun Labs is a video game developer from Bucharest , Romania , founded in 1999 .
Claster Television , Inc. was a Baltimore , Maryland -- based television distributor founded in 1953 by Bert and Nancy Claster as Romper Room Inc. It was originally a producer of the children 's show Romper Room .
Fazoli 's is an Italian - American fast casual restaurant chain based in Lexington , Kentucky .
Shandong Energy Group Company is a state owned coal - mining company headquartered in Jinan , Shandong , China .
Norske Skog Union was a paper mill located in Skien in Norway .
Burger Time is a regional chain of drive - through fast food restaurants that is headquartered in West Fargo , North Dakota .
Varian Medical Systems ( VAR ) of Palo Alto , California , USA , is a leading radiation oncology treatments and software maker .
The Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative ( SMECO ) is an electric distribution cooperative which is headquartered in Hughesville , Maryland .
Pathfinder Partners , LLC is a private equity firm based in San Diego , California making opportunistic investments in distressed real estate assets ( properties and defaulted loans ) , with a focus on multi - family projects .
With its headquarters in Hong Kong , Love Da Records also extends its branch in Singapore and Malaysia .
Lane Crawford is a retail company with specialty stores selling designer label luxury goods in Hong Kong and Greater China .
Nail Communications ( commonly referred to as Nail ) is an independently owned American advertising agency headquartered in Providence , Rhode Island .
Grieg Group is a shipping and investment corporation based in Bergen , Norway .
Stena Line was founded in 1962 by Sten A. Olsson in Gothenburg , Sweden , which still serves as the company 's headquarters , when he acquired Skagenlinjen between Gothenburg and Fredrikshavn , Denmark .
Rainmaker Entertainment , Inc. ( formerly Mainframe Entertainment Inc. ) is a Canadian computer animation and design company based in Vancouver , British Columbia and Los Angeles , California .
Established in 1969 by Steven Toushin , Bijou Video is a company specializing in the production of gay pornographic films , based in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Jugoslovensko sportsko društvo Partizan , commonly abbreviated as JSD Partizan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Југословенско спортско друштво Партизан ; English : Yugoslav Sports Association Partizan ) , is a sports association from Belgrade , Serbia .
The former PanAmSat Corporation founded in 1984 by Reynold ( Rene ) Anselmo , was a satellite service provider headquartered in Greenwich , Connecticut .
The first Chicken Cottage store was opened in 1994 in Wembley , North West London and it was here that the Chicken Cottage concept began to take shape .
Odin Brewing Company is a craft brewery located in the Seattle area of Washington , USA .
The only fact the Guardian can report is that the case involves the London solicitors Carter - Ruck . ''
Founded in 1999 by Garth Gibson and William Courtright , Panasas is a data storage company headquartered in Sunnyvale , California .
Mormedi is a Spanish design consultancy founded in 1998 by Jaime Moreno in Madrid , Spain .
Crayons to Classrooms is a Dayton , Ohio 501(c)(3 ) charity providing free school supplies to area students who can not otherwise afford them .
Ketab Sara Co. is a global publishing house founded in December 1981 , in Tehran , Iran , which has produced over 200 titles in various fields including history , social sciences , memoirs , literature , fine arts , and medicine .
Foy & Gibson ( also known as Foy 's ) was one of Australia 's earliest department store chains , modelled on Le Bon Marché in Paris and other European and American Stores of the period .
Adani Power Limited is the power business subsidiary of Indian conglomerate Adani Group with head office at Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
McLeodUSA , based in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , was one of the nation 's largest independent competitive local exchange carriers ( CLECs ) during the years preceding its acquisition in 2008 .
O'Neill Sea Odyssey is a non - profit organization located in Santa Cruz , California ( California Non - Profit Corporation ID#77 - 0464784 ) .
Larson International is a designer and manufacturer of amusement rides based in Plainview , Texas .
GCB Bank Ltd maintains its headquarters in Accra , the capital of Ghana and the largest city in the country .
Classified Ventures , LLC was a Chicago - based media company .
Mennekes Elektrotechnik GmbH & Co. KG is a leading manufacturer of industrial plugs and connectors with headquarters in Kirchhundem / Sauerland region and in Neudorf / Erzgebirge .
Dynamit Nobel AG is a German chemical and weapons company whose headquarters was in Troisdorf .
Sparebanken ABC , sometimes branded as ABC Bank , was a Norwegian savings bank based in Oslo , in existence between 1985 and 1990 .
Tiki Data was a manufacturer of microcomputers , located in Oslo , Norway .
The Thornbridge Brewery is an independent brewery founded in the grounds of Thornbridge Hall , Ashford - in - the - Water near Bakewell , Derbyshire , England .
Little Kids Rock is a national 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization based in Verona , New Jersey that provides free music instruction and instruments to under - served public school districts across the United States .
Pickled Egg Records is a UK independent record label founded in Leicester in 1998 by Nigel Turner .
They released their first - Black Market Militia - in 2005 , through Performance Records , envisioned and initiated by Mitchell Serbes , Gary Hertzan and Mariel Maffetone .
The National Council for Combating Discrimination ( Romanian : Consiliul Național pentru Combaterea Discriminării , or CNCD ) is an agency of the Romanian government , established in 2001 and responsible for applying Romanian and European Union anti - discrimination laws and managing the National Anti - Discrimination Plan .
The Bridewell Taxis ( later The Bridewells ) were a Leeds - based British indie rock group active from 1987 to 1993 .
Alphaeon Corporation was founded in July 2013 by Chief Executive Officer , Robert E. Grant .
Design Factory was opened in September 2008 and the opening ceremony was held October 3 , 2008 .
Established in 1990 , in Newark , New Jersey Consumer Priority Service Corporation originally started as a regional repair center servicing the NY tri - state area .
The Eden Sinfonia is a professional orchestra based in London , England , founded in 2004 by Music Director Daniel Cohen .
Jane Vain and the Dark Matter is an indie rock band formed in 2005 from Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Syhunt was founded on August , 2003 , by Felipe Aragon , a network security specialist .
Rakesh Pandey ( born 1946 ) is an Indian actor in Hindi and Bhojpuri movies .
Maria del Mar Bonet i Verdaguer ( Catalan pronunciation : ( məˈɾi.ə ðəɫ ˈma boˈnət ) ) ( born 1947 in Palma , Majorca ) is a Balearic singer from the island of Majorca .
Edward Michael Whitty ( 1827 - -1860 ) was an English journalist , known for biting parliamentary reporting , and credited for popularising the concept of the `` governing classes '' .
Anna Maria Lenngren , née Malmstedt ( June 18 , 1754 -- March 8 , 1817 ) , was a Swedish poet .
Anna Maria Roos , born 9 April 1862 in Stockholm , Sweden , dead 23 April 1938 in Bombay , India , was a Swedish educator , author , theosophist and songwriter .
Pál Királyhegyi ( 27 December 1900 -- 7 August 1981 ) is a Hungarian comedian , journalist , author and screenwriter .
Jean - Charles Chenu ( 30 August 1808 , Metz - 12 November 1879 , Paris ) was a French physician and naturalist .
Johann Gabriel Doppelmayr ( 27 September 1677 -- 1 December 1750 ) was a German mathematician , astronomer , and cartographer .
Pietro di Giacomo Cataneo ( c. 1510 in Siena - c . 1574 ) was a 16th - century Italian architect .
Claude Challe ( born Claude Chalom in 1945 in Tunisia ) is a French DJ and club owner , the creator of the Buddha Bar restaurant / clubs and music compilations .
CFUR - FM is a Canadian FM radio station , broadcasting at FM 88.7 in Prince George , British Columbia .
WRYR - LP ( 97.5 FM ) is a low power radio station licensed to Sherwood , Maryland , USA , and the station serves portions of Anne Arundel , Calvert , Queen Anne , Talbot , Dorchester , and Caroline Counties , including Maryland 's capital city of Annapolis .
KZOI ( 1250 AM ) and it 's translator at 97.1FM is a radio station licensed to serve Dakota City , Nebraska .
KBWZ is a radio station licensed and broadcasting to Steamboat Springs , Colorado , on 1230 kHz AM .
KISX ( 107.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Whitehouse , Texas , and broadcasts in Tyler with an Urban Adult Contemporary musical format .
WHPK ( 88.5 FM ) is an American radio station based in Hyde Park on the South Side of Chicago , established in 1968 .
CHJX - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting 24 hours a day at 99.9 FM in London , Ontario .
KUTE ( 90.1 FM ) , is a simulcast of KSUT 's National Public Radio - affiliated station in Ignacio , Colorado .
KMXA - FM `` Mix 99.9 '' is an Adult Contemporary radio station in Minot , North Dakota owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
WRBJ - FM ( 97.7 FM ) is an urban contemporary radio station in Jackson , Mississippi , but licensed to Brandon , Mississippi .
WWEG is a classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Myersville , Maryland .
CFCW - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 98.1 FM in Camrose , Alberta with a classic hits format branded as 98.1 CAM - FM .
KBUZ is an FM radio station licensed to Topeka , Kansas , and broadcasting at 90.3 MHz . The KBUZ call letters were previously used by a Phoenix , Arizona station ( now KIHP ( AM ) ) from 1956 to 1977 .
WKSI - FM is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Stephens City , Virginia , serving the Northern Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia .
KFCO ( 107.1 FM ) is a commercial radio station located in Bennett , Colorado , broadcasting to the Denver , Colorado area .
CKTS was an English language Canadian radio station located in Sherbrooke , Quebec .
CJCI - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.3 FM in Prince George , British Columbia , owned by Vista Radio .
WKAC ( 1080 AM , `` The Big 1080 '' ) is a radio station in Athens , Alabama , USA , broadcasting on the 1080 kHz frequency .
WJPI ( 1470 AM ) was an Urban Gospel radio station formerly licensed to Plymouth , North Carolina , USA .
WLST ( 95.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Marinette , Wisconsin broadcasting a country music format .
WGOL ( 920 AM , `` Real Country 920 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Russellville , Alabama , USA .
KSJR - FM ( 90.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Collegeville , Minnesota , and serving the St. Cloud area .
On February 21 , 2013 , KFWR upgraded its signal from 80kW at 329 metres to 100kW at 425 metres and moved the city of licence to Jacksboro .
WRSE is a college radio station in Elmhurst , Illinois , a western suburb of Chicago .
WOGB ( 103.1 FM ) is a classic hits - formatted American radio station licensed to Reedsville , Wisconsin , and serving the Northeast Wisconsin area .
WOZZ ( 94.7 FM , `` Rock 94.7 '' ) licensed to Mosinee , Wisconsin , is an Active Rock formatted station in the Wausau , Wisconsin , market .
WVGR ( 104.1 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station in Grand Rapids , Michigan licensed to the University of Michigan .
WHCF is located on Outer Broadway in Bangor and is owned by Lighthouse Radio Network , Inc. WHCF 's sister station is WHMX .
KQRX ( 95.1 FM , `` Rock 95.1 '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Midland , Texas , broadcasting to the Midland - Odessa market .
WUSQ - FM is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Winchester , Virginia , serving the Northern Shenandoah Valley and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia .
CJMR is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts multicultural programming at AM 1320 in Mississauga , Ontario .
WIBA - FM ( 101.5 MHz ) is a radio station licensed to Sauk City , Wisconsin and serving Madison and South Central Wisconsin .
WRMC - FM ( 91.1 FM ) is the full power , student - volunteer - run radio station of Middlebury College .
WVPH ( 90.3 FM , `` The Core '' ) is Piscataway , New Jersey 's community and student - run radio station .
WVEP is a Public Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Martinsburg , West Virginia , serving the Eastern Panhandle and the Potomac Highlands in West Virginia and the Northern Shenandoah Valley in Virginia .
Licensed to Lakeland , Florida , USA , the station is currently owned by WWAB Radio , Inc.
WRFL , Lexington ( Radio Free Lexington ) is a 7900-watt college radio station that broadcasts live , 24 hours a day , from the University of Kentucky campus in Lexington , Kentucky .
CFOS is an AM radio station broadcasting from downtown Owen Sound , Ontario , Canada .
KXNO is a sports radio station based in Des Moines , Iowa .
KFSG is licensed to Roseville , California and serves the Sacramento metropolitan area .
KHPT ( 106.9 FM , `` The Eagle '' ) is a classic rock radio station licensed to Conroe , Texas .
WTKI ( 1450 AM , `` WTKI / WEKI '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Huntsville , Alabama , USA .
WCRN is an AM radio station in Worcester , Massachusetts , owned by Carter Broadcasting .
WFAN - FM ( 101.9 FM ) , also known as Sports Radio 66 and 101.9 FM or The Fan , is a sports radio station located in New York City .
WTAQ ( 1360 AM ) and WTAQ - FM ( 97.5 FM ) are news / talk - formatted radio stations , licensed to Green Bay , Wisconsin ( AM ) and Glenmore , Wisconsin ( FM ) , that serve the Green Bay and Appleton - Oshkosh areas .
KQUS - FM ( 97.5 FM ) , known as `` US97 '' , is a country music formatted radio station located in Hot Springs , Arkansas .
CKLD - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting a soft adult contemporary format at 105.5 FM in Thetford Mines , Quebec .
WIOD ( 610 AM ) is a talk radio - formatted radio station in Miami , Florida , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
KZLZ is licensed to broadcast from Casas Adobes , Arizona .
WFFN ( 95.3 FM , `` 95.3 The Bear '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Coaling , Alabama , USA , and broadcasting to the Tuscaloosa , Alabama , area .
CKXA - FM is a Canadian radio station owned by Bell Media , broadcasting at 101.1 FM in Brandon , Manitoba .
Austrey is a village and civil parish in the North Warwickshire District of Warwickshire , England .
Rahgan ( Persian : راهگان‎ , also Romanized as Rāhgān ; also known as Rāhakān and Rāhkān ) is a village in Rahgan Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Oshkohran ( Persian : اشكهران‎ , also Romanized as Oshkohrān and Ashkohrān ) is a village in Gavkhuni Rural District , Bon Rud District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pacheh - ye Piazjar ( Persian : پاچه پيازجار‎ , also Romanized as Pācheh - ye Pīāzjār ) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District , Salehabad District , Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Gonbadak ( Persian : گنبدك‎ , also Romanized as Gunbadak ) is a village in Dodangeh - ye Sofla Rural District , Ziaabad District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kolonia Kiełczygłów ( kɔˈlɔɲa kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨɡwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Biddinghuizen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌbɪdɪŋˈɦœyzən ) ) is a village in the municipality of Dronten in the Netherlands .
The 1953 Torud earthquake occurred at the northeastern border of the Great Salt Kavir in Torud , Semnan , Iran on 12 February .
Caracas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈɾakas ) ) , officially Santiago de León de Caracas , is the capital , the center of the Greater Caracas Area , and the largest city of Venezuela .
Kat Hing Wai ( 吉慶圍 ) is a well known Punti walled village in the Yuen Long District of Hong Kong .
The Peel Trident was the second three - wheeled microcar made by the Peel Engineering Company on the Isle of Man .
The Commodore LCD ( sometimes known in short as the CLCD ) was an LCD - equipped laptop made by Commodore International .
The Eurocopter EC135 ( now Airbus Helicopters H135 ) is a twin - engine civil helicopter produced by Airbus Helicopters ( formerly known as Eurocopter ) .
The SS Abbotsford was a brig - rigged iron passenger ship built by the Gourlay Brothers of Dundee for the Red Star Line , of Antwerp .
The Acura MDX , or Honda MDX as known in Japan and Australia ( only the first generation was imported ) , is a mid - size three - row luxury crossover SUV produced by the Japanese automaker Honda under its Acura luxury nameplate since 2000 .
Jaffa Cakes are biscuit - sized cakes introduced by McVitie and Price in the UK in 1927 and named after Jaffa oranges .
The Boeing 767 is a mid- to large - size , long - range , wide - body twin - engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
The DKW 3=6 was a compact front - wheel drive saloon manufactured by Auto Union GmbH. The car was launched at the Frankfurt Motor Show in March 1953 and sold until 1959 .
SS John B. Lennon was an American Liberty ship in World War II . The ship was built by the J.A. Jones Construction shipyard at Brunswick , Georgia , and launched on 22 December 1943 .
The Yamaha YA-1 is the first motorcycle produced by the Yamaha Motor Company .
In 1919 Friedrich Naumann was among the founders of the social liberal German Democratic Party ( Deutsche Demokratische Partei , DDP ) with Theodor Wolff and Hugo Preuss .
Arne Treholt ( born 13 December 1942 ) is a former Norwegian Labour Party politician and diplomat convicted of high treason and espionage on behalf of the Soviet Union and Iraq during the Cold War .
Thomas Bateson , 1st Baron Deramore DL ( 4 June 1819 -- 1 December 1890 ) , known as Sir Thomas Bateson , 2nd Bt from 1863 until 1885 , was a British peer and Conservative Party politician .
Kim Traavik ( born 11 July 1946 ) is a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Conservative Party .
Pat Moylan ( born 12 September 1946 ) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann .
Akkamma Devi ( c. 1918 -- 23 November 2012 ) was an Indian politician and member of the Indian National Congress political party .
Rune Øygard ( born 27 April 1959 ) is a former Norwegian politician representing the Norwegian Labour Party , who served as mayor of Vågå from 1995 to 2012 when he was granted leave following his indictment for child sexual abuse in a much publicized case , the so - called Vågå case .
Otto Hauglin ( 7 February 1942 -- 18 November 2012 ) was a Norwegian sociologist and politician for the Socialist Left Party ( SV ) .
Nicolás Repetto ( 21 October 1871 - 29 November 1965 ) was an Argentine physician and leader of the Socialist Party of Argentina .
Duggirala Gopalakrishnayya ( 2 June 1889 -- 10 June 1928 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and member of the Indian National Congress from the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Albert Andreas Mørkved ( 13 February 1898 -- 29 October 1990 ) was a Norwegian lawyer , judge and politician for the Liberal Party .
Edwin Warfield ( May 7 , 1848 -- March 31 , 1920 ) , a member of the United States Democratic Party , was the 45th Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1904 to 1908 .
Helen Mary Jones ( born 29 June 1960 ) is a Plaid Cymru politician , who was a member of the National Assembly for Wales from 1999 to 2011 .
Sibyll - Anka Klotz ( born 1961 , in Berlin ) is a German politician and member of Alliance ' 90/The Greens in the parliament of Berlin .
Landing Savané ( born January 10 , 1945 ) is a Senegalese politician and the Secretary - General of And - Jëf / African Party for Democracy and Socialism .
Peng Shuzhi ( also spelled Peng Shu - tse ; Chinese : Péng Shùzhī 彭述之 ; 1896 - -1983 ) was an early leader of the Communist Party of China and became a Trotskyist .
James David Caldwell , Sr . , known as Buddy Caldwell ( born May 20 , 1946 ) , is an American politician and lawyer affiliated with the Republican Party who is the former attorney general of the U.S. state of Louisiana having served from 2008 to 2016 .
C. Kenneth Powell ( born August 8 , 1939 ) was the chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party from 1971 - 1974 .
José Maria de Alpoim Cerqueira Borges Cabral ( Santa Cristina , Mesão Frio , 2 June 1858 - Lisbon , 15 December 1916 ) was a politician , member of the Progressive Party of Portugal , and later the Republican Party of Portugal , who held various roles during the last years of the constitutional monarchy in Portugal .
Henry Oscar Murton , Baron Murton of Lindisfarne OBE TD PC ( 8 May 1914 -- 5 July 2009 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
Giuseppe Lumia ( Termini Imerese , June 28 , 1960 ) is an Italian politician of the Democratic Party of the Left ( Partito democratico della Sinistra , PDS ) and its successor , the Democrats of the Left ( Democratici di Sinistra , DS ) .
Harry Spencer Waddington ( died 26 February 1864 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
Tom - Christer Nilsen ( born 28 August 1969 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party and county mayor of Hordaland .
Suresh Haware or Suresh Kashinath Haware is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) from the Belapur constituency .
Eugen Bejinariu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( e.uˈd͡ʒen beʒiˈnarju ) ; born 28 January 1959 , Suceava ) is a Romanian politician and member of the Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) .
Luís Cabral was a half - brother of Amílcar Cabral , with whom he co - founded the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) in 1956 .
Sushil Kumar Modi ( born 5 January 1952 ) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party who was Deputy Chief Minister and Finance Minister of Bihar , India , from 2005 to 2013 .
Gilles Taillon ( born August 11 , 1945 ) is the former leader of the Action démocratique du Québec ( ADQ ) .
Janet Anderson ( born 6 December 1949 ) is an English Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Rossendale and Darwen from 1992 until 2010 , when she lost her seat .
In 1893 , Kata Dalström joined the Swedish Social Democratic Party .
Piet Dankert ( 8 January 1934 in Stiens -- 21 June 2003 in Perpignan ) was a Dutch politician , a member of the Dutch Labour Party .
Sir Herbert Raymond Gower ( 15 August 1916 -- 22 February 1989 ) was a British Conservative Party Member of Parliament for 38 years .
Stefan Körner ( born November 8 , 1968 ) is a German politician who has been the Chairman of the Pirate Party Germany since June 2014 .
Sir James Bourne , 1st Baronet DL , JP , CB ( 8 October 1812 -- 14 March 1882 ) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1880 .
Emmanuel Maurel ( born 10 May 1973 in Épinay - sur - Seine ) , is a French politician , member of the French Socialist Party .
Johan Van Overtveldt ( born 24 August 1955 ) is a Flemish journalist and politician of the New Flemish Alliance ( N - VA ) .
Ibrahim Sharif al - Sayed ( Arabic : ابراهيم شريف السيد‎ ) is an opposition political activist in Bahrain , currently serving as the General Secretary of the secular liberal National Democratic Action Society ( Wa'ad ) .
Chang Li - sheng ( Chinese : 張厲生 ; pinyin : Zhāng Lìshēng ; 1901 - -1971 ) was a Chinese politician and diplomat who served as the Secretary General of the Kuomintang from 1954 to 1959 .
Rolf Ketil Bjørn ( 18 January 1938 -- 24 November 2008 ) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Socialist Left Party .
Alimineti Madhava Reddy ( born Wadaparthy , Bhongir , Nalgonda District , Telangana ; 28 February 1949 -- 7 March 2000 ) was a politician from Telugu Desam Party ( TDP ) .
Nelson José Murat Casab ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xoˈse muˈɾat ) ; born October 18 , 1947 ) is a Mexican politician and a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Pál Szalai ( September 3 , 1915 -- January 16 , 1994 ) also spelled Pál Szalay and anglicized as Paul Sterling was a high - ranking member of the Budapest police force and the Hungarian Arrow Cross Party during World War II . Honored as Righteous among the Nations on April 7 , 2009 .
Ignaz Seipel ( 19 July 1876 -- 2 August 1932 ) was an Austrian prelate and politician of the Christian Social Party ( CS ) , who served as Federal Chancellor twice during the 1920s .
John DiMaio ( born November 27 , 1955 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who was selected on February 21 , 2009 to fill the New Jersey General Assembly seat for the 23rd legislative district vacated by Marcia A. Karrow , after Karrow filled the vacancy for the New Jersey Senate in the same district .
Winston Dang ( Chinese : 陳重信 ; pinyin : Chén Zhòngxìn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tân Tiông - sìn ; born 1943 ) is a Democratic Progressive Party politician in Taiwan .
Dilek Öcalan ( born 3 October 1987 ) is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin from the Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) who currently serves as a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Şanlıurfa since 7 June 2015 .
Teresa Riera Madurell ( born 13 October 1950 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party , part of the Party of European Socialists .
John P. Scott ( c. June 12 , 1933 -- May 21 , 2010 ) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey Senate from 1992 to 1998 where he represented the 36th Legislative District , which covered Passaic and portions of southern Bergen County .
Ram Chandra Poudel or Ram Chandra Paudel ( Nepali:राम चन्द्र पौडेल ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Nepali Congress .
Martha Leticia Sosa Govea ( born November 25 , 1950 ) is a Mexican politician from Colima affiliated to the National Action Party who has served as municipal president ( mayor ) of the city of Manzanillo and as Senator .
Benno von Are nt ( 19 July 1898 -- 14 October 1956 ) was a German Nazi , a member of the Nazi Party and SS , responsible for art , theatres , movies etc . Are nt was born in Görlitz , Prussia , on 19 July 1898 .
Rutt Bridges is an American geophysicist and politician from Colorado and a member of the Democratic Party .
Sir Cyril Irvine Patnick OBE ( 29 October 1929 -- 30 December 2012 ) was a British businessman and former Conservative Party politician .
Miloš Vučević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Вучевић , born in 1974 ) is a Serbian politician , and mayor of the city of Novi Sad representing the Serbian Progressive Party .
Alvin Olin King ( June 21 , 1890 -- February 21 , 1958 ) was a Louisiana politician allied with the popular Long faction of the state Democratic Party .
Sylvia Flückiger - Bäni ( born 1 June 1952 ) is a Swiss politician , a member of the Swiss People 's Party .
Nistor Grozavu was elected deputy of the Moldovan parliament in the 5 April 2009 parliamentary elections on the Liberal Party list .
Santiago Lanzuela Marina ( Teruel , Spain , 27 September 1948 ) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People 's Party ( PP ) and who previously served as President of the Government of Aragon , one of the Spanish regional administrations .
Fernando Buesa Blanco ( 29 May 1946 -- 22 February 2000 ) was a Spanish Basque politician in the Basque Christian Democracy and in the Socialist Party of Euskadi - Euskadiko Ezkerra ( PSE - EE ) branch of the social democratic Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Mahendra Karma ( 5 August 1950 -- 25 May 2013 ) was an Indian political leader belonging to Indian National Congress from Chhattisgarh state .
Mustafa Demir ( born 18 January 1961 ) is a Turkish politician , a member of parliament , the former Minister of Public Works and Housing under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , and the founder and former chairman of the ruling Justice and Development Party 's Samsun Province chapter .
Liss Schanche is a Norwegian politician who was Party Secretary of the Socialist Left Party from 1979 - -1981 .
Leon Wasilewski ( 1870 - -1936 ) was an activist of the Polish Socialist Party ( PPS ) , a coworker of Józef Piłsudski , Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs , designer of much of Second Polish Republic policy towards the East , historian and father of Wanda Wasilewska .
Bao Tong ( born November 1932 in Haining , Zhejiang ) was former Director of the Office of Political Reform of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Policy Secretary of Zhao Ziyang , Chinese Premier from 1980 to 1987 and CPC General Secretary from 1987 to 1989 .
Sir Robert Burton - Chadwick , 1st Baronet ( 20 June 1869 -- 21 May 1951 ) was a shipping magnate and an English Conservative Party politician .
Antonio Ingroia ( born 31 March 1959 ) is an Italian magistrate and politician and leader of Civil Revolution , with Luigi de Magistris , the mayor of Naples .
Kashim Ibrahim - Imam is a Nigerian politician who was twice the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) candidate for Governor of Borno State in 2003 and 2007 , losing both times to the All Nigeria Peoples Party ( ANPP ) candidate Ali Modu Sheriff .
Salah Jadid ( 1926 -- 19 August 1993 , Arabic : صلاح جديد ) was a Syrian general and political figure in the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party in Syria , and the country 's de facto leader from 1966 until 1970 .
Tuure Lehén ( April 28 , 1893 , Jämsänkoski - October 12 , 1976 , Helsinki ) was a prominent Finnish and later Finnish Soviet politician , initially , in 1913 - 18 as a member of the Social Democratic Party of Finland , and since 1918 as a member of the Communist Party of Finland .
Vidya Stokes ( born 8 December 1927 ) is an active member of Indian National Congress from 1970 and of Pradesh Congress Committee since 1974 .
Qiao Shi ( December 1924 -- 14 June 2015 ) was a Chinese politician and one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of China .
Simon Coveney ( born 16 June 1972 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for Cork South--
John A. Rocco ( born June 25 , 1936 in Philadelphia ) is an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1980 to 1998 , where he represented the 6th Legislative District .
Gregg McClymont ( born 3 June 1976 ) is a Scottish Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Cumbernauld , Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East from 2010 until 2015 .
Paloli Mohammed Kutty ( born 11 November 1931 ) is an Indian politician , social worker , the former Minister for Local Administration in the Government of Kerala and a member of both State and Central Committee of Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Yasmin Qureshi ( born 5 July 1963 ) is a British Labour Party politician and a barrister practicing criminal law .
James Henry Hall ( 24 March 1877 -- 6 June 1942 ) , known as J. H. Hall , was an English trade unionist and Labour Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Whitechapel and St Georges division of Stepney from 1930 - 31 , and again from 1935 - 42 .
Kyai Hajji Fakih Usman ( also Faqih Usman ; ( faˈkɪh ʊsˈman ) ; 2 March 1904 -- 3 October 1968 ) was an Indonesian Islamic leader and politician with the Masyumi Party .
Olivia Chow ( born March 24 , 1957 ) is a Canadian politician , a former New Democratic Party Member of parliament ( 2006 - -2014 ) , and former city councillor ( 1991 - -2005 ) in Toronto .
Miguel Borge Martín ( born 30 October 1943 in Cozumel , Quintana Roo ) is a Mexican politician member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Sally Gimson is a British Labour Party politician , councillor in the Highgate ward of Camden Council .
Traian Băsescu entered politics after the 1989 Romanian Revolution , as a member of the large National Salvation Front ( FSN ) party .
Sawna Lakra ( born 1941 ) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress , elected to the state legislature in Jharkhand .
Sir Arwyn Lynn Ungoed - Thomas QC ( 29 June 1904 -- 4 December 1972 ) was a Welsh Labour Party politician and British judge .
He was the leader ( October 2011 - -May 2014 ) of the Civic List , until April 2012 named Gregor Virant 's Civic List , a liberal political party established in October 2011 to compete in the 2011 parliamentary election .
Mohamed Gahs ( Arabic : محمد الݣحص‎ ; born 30 September 1963 , Taza ) is a Moroccan journalist and politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces party .
Lewis Strong Clarke , Sr . ( November 7 , 1837 -- July 5 , 1906 ) , was the owner of a sugar plantation in St. Mary Parish and a leader of the Republican Party in the U.S. state of Louisiana in the latter part of the 19th century .
Bhagwantrao Mandloi ( 1892 -- 1977 ) , an Indian National Congress politician was a former Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh .
Betty Lockwood , Baroness Lockwood ( born 22 January 1924 ) , is a Labour Party activist .
Kim Jong - il was the General Secretary of the Workers ' Party of Korea ( WPK ) , Chairman of the National Defence Commission ( NDC ) of North Korea , and the Supreme Commander of the Korean People 's Army ( KPA ) , the fourth - largest standing army in the world .
Alphonsus Obi Igbeke ( born 1962 ) was sworn in as Senator for the Anambra North constituency of Anambra State , Nigeria on 25 May 2010 after the election of Joy Emordi of the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) had been annulled .
Peter Callanan ( 29 June 1935 -- 11 October 2009 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and served as a member of Seanad Éireann from 1997 until his death in 2009 .
Fehmi Demir ( 2 January 1957 -- 25 October 2015 ) was a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin who served as the leader of the Rights and Freedoms Party ( HAK - PAR ) from October 2014 until his death a year later in October 2015 .
Trairong Suwankiri ( Thai : ไตรรงค์ สุวรรณคีรี ; born June 24 , 1944 in Songkhla ) is a Thai politician ( Democrat Party ) .
Shalom - Avraham Shaki ( Hebrew : שלום - אברהם שאקי‎ , born 1906 , died 4 November 1990 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1962 and 1965 .
Ioannis Skoularikis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Σκουλαρίκης ; 1 August 1928 -- 15 September 2008 ) or Yannis Skoularikis ( Γιάννης Σκουλαρίκης ) was a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) and cabinet member under Andreas Papandreou .
Ján Čarnogurský ( born 1 January 1944 ) is a Slovak former politician , a former Prime Minister of Slovakia ( 1991 - -1992 ) and the former chairman of the Christian Democratic Movement ( 1990 - -2000 ) .
Szilvia Lengyel ( born 1971 ) is a Hungarian agrarian engineer and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Politics Can Be Different ( LMP ) Pest County Regional List from 2012 to 2014 .
Ragnar Udjus ( born 10 October 1933 in Landvik , Norway ) is a Norwegian media personality and politician for the Centre Party .
Mikael Jansson ( born 4 September 1965 , Umeå , Västerbotten ) is a former leader of the Swedish political party Sweden Democrats ( Swedish : Sverigedemokraterna ) .
Ricardo Berzoini ( b. 10 February 1960 in Juiz de Fora , Brazil ) was the President of the Workers ' Party of Brazil from 2005 to 2010 .
Otto Grieg Tidemand ( 18 June 1921 -- 10 June 2006 ) born in Oslo was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party .
C. Anthony Muse ( born April 17 , 1958 ) is an American politician and minister from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party .
Josep Piqué i Camps ( born 21 February 1955 in Vilanova i la Geltrú ) is a Spanish politician of the right - wing Spanish People 's Party ( PP ) who represented Barcelona .
John Derek Twigg ( born 9 July 1959 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who has served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Halton in Cheshire since 1997 general election .
Vilhelm Andreas Wexelsen ( 5 June 1849 -- 9 July 1909 ) was a Norwegian bishop and politician for the Liberal Party .
Hemiliano Gomes Lopes ( born 23 January 1993 ) , known simply as Hemiliano , is a Bissau - Guinean footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C.U. Torreense as a forward .
Denzil Franco ( born 1986 in Saligao in Goa ) is an Indian football player who plays for Atlético de Kolkata in the Indian Super League .
Shin - Soo Choo ( Hangul : 추신수 ; Hanja : 秋信守 ; born July 13 , 1982 ) is a South Korean professional baseball right fielder for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Randy Edwards is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the Seattle Seahawks .
Sandi Čebular ( born 24 June 1986 ) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for KK Šentjur of the Slovenian League .
Emmeric Ong Yu Min ( born 25 January 1991 ) is a Singaporean footballer who currently plays as a defender and midfielder for Warriors FC in the S.League .
Ekow Benson ( born April 23 , 1989 in Akwatia ) is a Ghanaian football player , he is currently attached to Asante Kotoko F.C ..
Claes Cronqvist began his career in Landskrona BoIS in 1962 , and played 1966 - -1970 for Djurgårdens IF and became Swedish champion during his first year in his new club .
Miller Farr was a first round draft choice by the AFL 's Denver Broncos in 1964 , then went to the San Diego Chargers for 1965 and 1966 .
Vitaliy Fedoriv ( Ukrainian : Віталій Миколайович Федорів ; born 21 October 1987 in Mezhyrichya , Zhydachiv Raion , Lviv Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Karel Hrubeš ( born 16 March 1993 ) is a professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for ŠK Slovan Bratislava , on loan from SK Slavia Prague .
Richard Ruíz ( born January 14 , 1986 in Jiquipilas , Chiapas , Mexico ) is a Mexican football midfielder , who plays for Cruz Azul in the Liga MX
Jo Coppens ( born 21 December 1990 ) is a Belgian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Sam Docherty ( born 17 October 1993 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Stefan Blunschi ( born 10 August 1983 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who has played for FC Lucerne , FC Baden , FC Wil , FC Aarau and SC Cham .
Chris Phillips ( born March 9 , 1978 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player and alternate captain for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
On 19 June 2009 , André Schembri signed a two - year contract with Austrian Football Bundesliga side SK Austria Kärnten .
Matej Kováč ( born 14 December 1985 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Slovak Corgoň Liga club Spartak Myjava .
Mauro Bogado ( born 31 May 1985 in San Martín , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football midfielder , who plays for San Martín de San Juan in Argentina .
Santiago Fusilier ( born December 12 , 1983 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine soccer player who plays as a midfielder and is currently without a club after his leaving his most recent club Crystal Palace Baltimore .
Tony Benjamin ( born October 27 , 1955 in Monessen , Pennsylvania ) is a former professional American football player who played in three NFL seasons from 1977 - 1979 for the Seattle Seahawks .
Martin Vingaard Hansen ( born 20 March 1985 in Odense ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Danish Superliga side FC Nordsjælland and the Danish national team .
Brian Cadle ( September 13 , 1948 -- November 6 , 2015 ) was a World Hockey Association left winger for the Winnipeg Jets .
Terry Greer ( born September 27 , 1957 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is a former professional American and Canadian football player who played wide receiver with the Canadian Football League Toronto Argonauts and the NFL Cleveland Browns and San Francisco 49ers .
Calvin Abueva ( born February 4 , 1988 ) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Frank Jonke ( born January 30 , 1985 ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays with FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League .
Eni Malaj ( born 14 July 1989 in Tirana , Albania ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Cleyton Rafael Lima da Silva ( born 24 February 1990 ) , simply known as Cleyton is a Brazilian footballer playing for ABC Futebol Clube on loan from Académica of Primeira Liga as a midfielder .
Theodor Gebre Selassie ( born 24 December 1986 ) is a Czech football defender who plays for German club Werder Bremen and the Czech Republic national football team .
Jon Jay made his Major League debut on April 26 , 2010 with the St. Louis Cardinals , after beginning his second consecutive season with the Memphis Redbirds .
Jim Sandusky ( born September 9 , 1961 in Othello , Washington ) was a Canadian Football League receiver for the BC Lions and the Edmonton Eskimos who , in a 12-year career from 1984 - -1996 , caught 586 passes for 9737 yards and 69 touchdowns .
Cédric Permal ( born December 8 , 1991 in Mauritius ) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays for AS de Vacoas - Phoenix in the Mauritian League as a defender .
Blaž Emeršič ( born October 10 , 1980 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian ice hockey player currently playing for Milton Keynes Lightning of the English Premier Ice Hockey League .
Younes Alaiwi Al - Enezi ( Arabic : يونس عليوي العنزي‎ ; born January 26 , 1990 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a forward for Al - Raed on loan form Al - Hilal .
Noelle Quinn ( born January 3 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury in the WNBA , and for Botaş SK in the Turkish Women 's Basketball League .
Aggelos Pournos ( Greek : Άγγελος Πούρνος ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Panelefsiniakos F.C. , as a Defensive Midfielder .
Julien Le Devedec ( born 6 June 1986 in Sainte - Foy - la - Grande , France ) is a French rugby union footballer , currently playing for CA Brive in the Top 14 .
Bob Mulder ( born 31 January 1974 in Delfzijl ) is a retired professional footballer from the Netherlands , who played for clubs like FC Groningen , MVV Maastricht , Heracles Almelo and BV Veendam .
Günter Jäger ( born 21 December 1935 ) is a German former footballer who played as a defender for Fortuna Düsseldorf and Wuppertaler SV .
Jordi Alba Ramos ( Catalan : ( ˈʒɔrði ˈaɫβə i ˈramos ) , Spanish : ( ˈʝorði ˈalβa i ˈramos ) ) ; born 21 March 1989 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team .
Dámaso Blanco Caripe ( born December 11 , 1941 in Curiepe , Miranda State , Venezuela ) , is a former Major League Baseball third baseman / shortstop and right - handed batter who played for the San Francisco Giants ( 1972 - -74 ) .
Mustapha Sesay ( born 1 January 1992 ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer , who currently plays for East End Lions F.C ..
Nicolas Maréchal ( born 4 March 1987 ) is a French volleyball player of Polish citizenship ( since April 8 , 2013 ) , a member of France men 's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów , European Champion 2015 , gold medalist of the World League 2015 .
Hamza Dahmane ( born September 22 , 1990 ) is an Algerian football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side CS Constantine and the Algerian Under-23 National Team .
Martin Vavák ( born 4 March 1994 in Trenčín ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club Spartak Myjava .
Issah Gabriel Ahmed or Issah Gabarel Ahmad ( born 24 May 1982 ) is a Ghanaian football defender who currently , as of May 2006 , plays for Randers FC .
Born in San Fernando , Cádiz , Andalusia , Yordi started his professional career with Sevilla FC , moving in 1996 to Atlético Madrid .
Wanderson Souza Carneiro ( born February 23 , 1987 ) , known as Baiano , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Braga .
Alessio Curcio ( born March 12 , 1990 in Benevento ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team A.S. Casale Calcio .
As a player , Jia Xiuquan predominately played the majority of his career for Bayi Football Team .
Rudy Gollomb was a player in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1936 as a guard .
After playing American football for the University of California as a quarterback , Wayne Crow played professionally for four seasons as a running back and punter for the Oakland Raiders and Buffalo Bills of the American Football League .
Gedas Butrimavičius ( born 26 January 1980 ) is a Lithuanian football defender , who represents Znicz Pruszków .
Darren Comeaux ( born April 15 , 1960 in San Diego , California ) is a former professional American football linebacker for the Denver Broncos ( 1982 - -86 ) , San Francisco 49ers ( 1987 ) and Seattle Seahawks ( 1988 - -91 ) of the NFL .
Liam Jones ( born 24 February 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer for the Carlton Football Club .
Jordi Vanlerberghe ( born 27 June 1996 ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for KV Mechelen mostly as a centre back or right back in the Belgian Pro League .
Paulo César Motta Donis ( born 29 March 1982 ) is a Guatemalan football goalkeeper who plays for C.S.D. Municipal in Guatemala 's top division .
Laud Quartey ( born 11 March 1984 in Ghana ) is a Ghanaian football player currently playing for Ghana Telecom Premier League side Accra Hearts of Oak SC .
Marco Sailer ( 16 November 1985 in Schwäbisch Hall ) is a German footballer who currently plays for SV Darmstadt 98 in the Bundesliga .
Pape Maly Diamanka ( born 10 January 1990 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Zaragoza as a central midfielder .
Marcel Risse ( born 17 December 1989 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 . FC Köln .
Jean Landry Poulangoye Mayelet ( born on September 9 , 1976 ) is a Gabonese footballer that previously plays for Arema FC in the Indonesia Super League .
Biyi Alo ( born 16 March 1994 ) is an English professional rugby union player ; he plays at prop for Saracens .
Tomáš Dočekal ( born 24 May 1989 ) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for Polish club Piast Gliwice .
Joonas Vaino came through youth ranks to play first - tier basketball for BC Rakvere Tarvas and made his debut in KML when he was 16 years old .
Greg Tubbs ( born August 31 , 1962 ) is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1993 .
Álvaro Rubio Robres ( born 18 April 1979 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Valladolid as a defensive midfielder .
Angelo Martha ( born 29 April 1982 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch - Curaçaoan footballer who currently plays for SV Spakenburg in Dutch third division .
Finn Christensen played most of his career in Vejle Boldklub .
Teruhito Nakagawa ( 仲川輝人 , born 27 July 1992 ) is a Japanese football player with Yokohama F. Marinos .
Tom Homco ( born January 1 , 1970 in Hammond , Indiana ) is a former American football linebacker for four seasons for the Los Angeles Rams / St . Louis Rams .
Ernst Andersson ( 26 March 1909 -- 9 October 1989 ) was a Swedish professional footballer who played for IFK Göteborg .
Mohammad Al - Anbar ( born 22 March 1985 ) is a Saudi Arabian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a center - forward for Al - Shoalah .
Yasin Ali Egal ( born 1 March 1991 ) is a Somali international footballer , and is the captain of the Somalia national football team and Elman FC .
Rafael Salgado Alves ( born 4 January 1994 in Palmeira ( Braga ) ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. União on loan from S.C. Braga as a goalkeeper .
Darnell King ( born September 23 , 1990 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League .
Lars Linus Persson ( born December 29 , 1985 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger , currently playing for Färjestad BK in the Elitserien .
Buse Güngör ( born October 2 , 1994 ) is a Turkish women 's football attacking midfielder currently playing in the Women 's First League for Kireçburnu Spor with jersey number 20 .
Joy Ferrao ( born 30 April 1987 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Dempo S.C. in the I - League .
Jakub Bartek ( born 1 July 1992 in Prešov ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Roberto Franchini ( born 13 November 1973 ) is an Australian ice hockey player who played for the Sydney Bears of the Australian Ice Hockey League between 2006 and 2010 and is a former member of the Australian national ice hockey team .
Thomas Hedin ( born July 5 , 1957 ) , is a retired ice hockey player who spent 8 seasons with Skellefteå AIK and two seasons with Björklöven .
Abdullah Mohammed Al - Qasabi commonly known as Abdullah Al - Qasabi ( Arabic : عب الله محمد حامد القصبي‎ ; born 28 April 1986 ) is an Omani footballer who plays for Fanja SC in Oman Professional League .
Shekinna Stricklen ( born July 30 , 1990 ) is an American basketball forward for the Connecticut Sun of the WNBA .
Lewis Niven ( born 03 May1988 ) was a Scottish rugby union player who played for Edinburgh Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
Amarwant Singh ( born 19 March 1989 in Ludhiana , Punjab ) is an Indian footballer who last played as a defender for Pailan Arrows in the I - League .
Craig McElhatton is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s , playing at representative level for Ireland , and at club level for Dudley Hill , and Bradford Bulls .
Kristian Näkyvä ( born November 18 , 1990 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) as a prospect for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Irakli Meskhia ( Ukrainian : Іраклі Георгієвич Месхія ; Georgian : ირაკლი მესხია ; born 7 January 1993 in Georgia ) is a professional Georgian - born Ukrainian football midfielder who played for Stomil Olsztyn in the Polish I liga .
Dóra Zeller ( born 6 January 1995 in Esztergom ) is a Hungarian football forward currently playing in the Bundesliga for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim .
Corey Spring ( born May 31 , 1971 in Cranbrook , British Columbia ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 16 games for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League .
Noel Carter ( born 9 February 1955 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) between 1973 and 1977 for the Richmond Football Club .
Lorenc Trashi ( born 19 May 1992 in Gramsh ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
On 28 January 2012 Rani Khedira had his debut for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3 .
Valery Noufor ( born May 13 , 1985 in Douala ) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Espérance Guider .
Samuel Bayón Garcia ( born 15 March 1983 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Slovak club MFK Zemplín Michalovce mainly as a right winger .
Oleksandr Dekhtyarenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Сергійович Дехтяренко ; born 13 February 1996 in Ukraine ) , is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Oleksandr Luchyk ( Ukrainian : Олександр Юрійович Лучик ; born 30 March 1994 ) , is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Florin Nanu ( born 9 August 1983 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Liga I club ACS Poli Timișoara .
Alexander Pöllhuber ( born 30 April 1985 ) is an Austrian professional association football player , currently playing for Austrian Football First League side SC Rheindorf Altach as a defender .
Andrei Ostrikov ( Russian : Андрей Остриков ) ( born 2 July 1987 in Moscow , Russia ) is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership .
Zuzana Žirková ( born June 6 , 1980 ) is a professional basketball player who last played for the Good Angels Košice .
Volker Schmidt ( born on 22 September 1978 in Hamburg ) is a German football player who currently plays for Hamburger SV .
Tawfik Alolo Alhassan ( born December 12 , 1986 in Tamale , Ghana ) is a football player who is currently under contract by the club Real Tamale United .
Christian Duke ( born June 5 , 1991 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Swope Park Rangers .
Clarence Vaughn ( born July 17 , 1964 ) is a former American football safety in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins .
Paul Musser ( June 24 , 1889 -- July 7 , 1973 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Washington Senators ( 1912 ) and Boston Red Sox ( 1919 ) .
Frank Gumbleton ( born 6 March 1951 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League during the 1970s .
Mykola Vechurko ( Ukrainian : Микола Володимирович Вечурко ; born 6 July 1992 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Ahal in the Turkmen Ýokary Liga .
Dave Hoffmann ( born July 24 , 1970 ) was an All - American linebacker at the University of Washington , drafted by the Chicago Bears in the 1993 NFL Draft and played for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Fernando Sanjurjo ( born 9 July 1982 in San Martín ) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing in Sportivo Patria .
Kerwin Waldroup ( born August 1 , 1974 ) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for three seasons for the Detroit Lions .
Khreem Smith ( born July 7 , 1979 in St. James , Jamaica ) is a gridiron football offensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Masaki Hemmi ( born August 14 , 1986 ) is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Real Colorado Foxes in the USL Premier Development League .
Loveday Enyinnaya ( born 28 November 1989 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Royal Wahingdoh F.C. in the I - League .
Diosvelis Guerra is a Cuban international footballer that plays for and the Cuba national football team .
Michelle Barr ( born 19 October 1978 ) is a Scottish footballer and football coach who currently plays in the Scottish Women 's Premier League for Rangers .
Patrick Geering ( born February 12 , 1990 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the ZSC Lions in the National League A. He participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team .
Vladyslav Ohirya ( Ukrainian : Владислав Леонідович Огіря ; born 3 April 1990 in Hirske , Voroshylovhrad Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk .
Chris Limahelu ( October 16 , 1950 -- April 7 , 2010 ) was place kicker for the USC Trojans football team during the 1973 and 1974 seasons when John McKay was the head coach .
Karoj Sindi ( born August 21 , 1989 ) is a German footballer of Kurdish who plays for TuS Erndtebrück .
Pavel Malíř ( born 8 April 1975 in Bohumín , Czech Republic ) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FK Fotbal Třinec in Czech 2 .
Reynald Lemaître ( born June 28 , 1983 in Chambray - lès - Tours ) is a French football ( soccer ) midfielder , he currently plays for En Avant de Guingamp .
Christian Lechtaler ( born February 10 , 1972 ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey centre , and currently an assistant coach for Frölunda HC in Elitserien .
Daryoush Ayyoubi ( born August 30 , 1980 ) is an Iranian footballer who play for Persiram Raja Ampat in the Indonesia Super League .
Radoslav Bachev ( Bulgarian : Радослав Бачев ; born 9 April 1981 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who last played as a defender for Septemvri Simitli .
Stefan Erkgärds ( born March 23 , 1985 in Hagfors , Sweden ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman , currently with Rögle BK in the Swedish Elitserien .
Vitaliy Havrysh ( Ukrainian : Віталій Володимирович Гавриш ; born 18 March 1986 in Chernihiv , in the Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod .
Bruce Jarvis ( born November 3 , 1948 ) is a former professional American football player , an offensive lineman for four seasons for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League .
Stephen Sene ( born October 9 , 1983 in Columbia , South Carolina ) is an American football offensive tackle for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
For the 2004 - -05 season , Fredrik Modin returned to Sweden to play for Timrå IK because of the NHL lockout .
Gibson Bardsley ( born July 23 , 1989 in Fall City , Washington ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Pembroke Athleta F.C.
José Padrón Martín ( May 5 , 1906 -- December 3 , 1966 ) was a Spanish footballer who played for RCD Espanyol , Sevilla FC and FC Barcelona in Spain and various clubs in France .
Dewey Wade was a NCAA football player and coach , and a player for the National Football League 's San Francisco 49ers born in St. Joseph , Missouri .
Allan Dias ( born 17 December 1986 in Mumbai , Maharashtra ) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Air India FC in the Elite Division of WIFA as a midfielder .
Diosdado Mbele Mba Mangue ( born 8 April 1997 in Malabo ) is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays for Hibernians F.C ..
Heinz Guckert or Hoagie as he is known was a German - American football ( soccer ) center who played for the Philadelphia United German - Hungarians , Philadelphia Spartans , as well as various other Philadelphia area teams .
Hovhannes Hambardzumyan ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Համբարձումյան , born 4 October 1990 ) is an Armenian football player who currently plays defender for the Armenian national team and for Macedonian First League side FK Vardar .
Tom Wandell ( born January 29 , 1987 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey Forward who is currently playing with Admiral Vladivostok in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Srđan Babić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Срђан Бабић ; born 22 April 1996 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Real Sociedad .
Vladyslav Kulach ( Ukrainian : Владислав Ігорович Кулач ; born 7 May 1993 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a striker for Eskişehirspor on loan from Shakhtar Donetsk .
Ivan Yeo ( born March 2 , 1993 in Kelantan , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Westports Malaysia Dragons of the ASEAN Basketball League ( ABL ) .
Wirya Kumandra is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya in Indonesian Premier League as a defender .
István Spitzmüller ( born 14 May 1986 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian football ( Midfielder ) player who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC .
Leo Harold Hays ( born September 24 , 1939 ) is a former American football linebacker who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the San Francisco 49ers .
Péter Gulácsi ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈpeːtɛr ˈɡulaːt͡ʃi ) ; born 6 May 1990 ) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for RB Leipzig as a goalkeeper .
Juan Ignacio González Ibarra ( born 8 July 1984 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a Mexican footballer currently playing for Club León in Liga MX as a defender .
Branko Jovičić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранко Јовичић ; born March 18 , 1993 in Čačak ) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Amkar Perm in the Russian Premier League .
Dede Sulaiman is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura as a goalkeeper in the Indonesia Super League .
Jens Berthel Askou ( born 19 August 1982 , in Videbæk ) is a Danish professional footballer , who plays as a defender for Danish 1st Division side Skive IK as a playing assistant manager .
Francis Olaki is a Ugandan professional footballer , who plays as a Forward for KF Tirana in Albania .
Juliano Laurentino dos Santos ( born 16 February 1985 in João Pessoa ) , commonly known as Roma , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for América Futebol Clube ( PE ) as a winger .
Brock James ( born 22 October 1981 in Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian rugby union player currently playing for French club ASM Clermont Auvergne .
Tomáš Borek ( born 4 April 1986 ) is a professional Czech football player , who currently plays for Konyaspor in Turkey .
Tyler Haws ( born April 11 , 1991 ) is an American basketball player who plays for Obradoiro CAB of Spain 's Liga ACB .
Jamall Lee ( born March 13 , 1987 ) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for three seasons for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Kyle Zenoni ( born February 16 , 1984 , in Hartland , Wisconsin ) is a former American soccer player and current soccer coach who last played for Bolivian side La Paz F.C. , after a switch from USL First Division club Minnesota Thunder .
Milan Zachariáš ( born 1 October 1983 ) is a Czech football defender who plays for FK Ústí nad Labem in the Czech 2 .
Jim Krieg ( born May 29 , 1949 ) is a former American football wide receiver who played one season in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos .
Miguel Ángel López - Cedrón Freije ( born 3 June 1978 ) , known simply as Miguel , is a Spanish retired footballer who last played for CD Llanes as a centre forward .
Farhod Tadjiyev ( Uzbek : ' Фарход Тожиев or Farhod Tojiyev ' ) ( born on 9 April 1986 ) is a Uzbekistani footballer currently playing for T - Team FC as striker .
Miloš Riečičiar ( 10 February 1990 in Čadca ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for ŠK LR Crystal Lednické Rovne , on loan from MFK Dubnica .
Ren Xin ( Chinese : 任鑫 ; pinyin : Rèn Xīn ; born 22 May 1989 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Jiangxi Liansheng in the China League Two .
Sercan Yıldırım ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈseɾdʒan ˈjɯɫdɯˈɾɯm ) , born 5 April 1990 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a striker for Süper Lig club Bursaspor , on loan from Galatasaray .
Mohammed Mubarak is a Qatari footballer who is a goalkeeper for Qatar SC .
Luke Menzies born ( May 29 , 1988 in Batley , West Yorkshire ) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Hull Kingston Rovers in the Super League competition , and has previously played for Salford , Bradford and Batley .
Sebastian Białas ( born January 7 , 1990 ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a defender for Arka Gdynia in the Ekstraklasa .
Rashad Jeanty ( born April 17 , 1983 ) is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman of Haitian descent , who played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Ted Laurent ( born July 1 , 1988 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Mads Toppel ( born 30 January 1982 ) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper who plays for Danish Superliga - club Brøndby IF .
Clinton Young ( born 16 February 1986 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club and Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Steven Crouch ( born 24 December 1977 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Parramatta Eels , Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles , Wests Tigers Sydney Roosters , and Castleford Tigers .
Sergiusz Prusak ( born 1 May 1979 ) is a Polish footballer ( Goalkeeper ) who is currently playing for Górnik Łęczna .
Daniël van Son ( born 14 February 1994 in Purmerend ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for FC Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Armen Shahgeldyan ( Armenian : Արմեն Անդրանիկի Շահգելդյան ; born on 28 August 1973 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian retired football player who played striker for the Armenian national team and finished his career for Armenian Premier League club FC Mika .
Dickson Agyeman ( born 14 September 1985 in Antwerp ) is a Belgian football midfielder who last played for K. Berchem Sport .
Charlton Atlee Hammaker ( born January 24 , 1958 ) is a former Major League Baseball left - handed pitcher who played the majority of his career for the San Francisco Giants , from 1982 to 1990 .
John Vella ( born April 21 , 1950 ) is a former American football offensive tackle who played for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League ( NFL ) between 1972 and 1979 .
Emin Imamaliev ( Azeri spelling : Emin İmaməliyev ; born 7 August 1980 in Baku ) is an Azerbaijani football midfielder who most recently played for FK Qarabağ in the AFFA Supreme League .
Tomasz Kędziora ( born 11 June 1994 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Lech Poznań in the Ekstraklasa .
Igor Poznič ( born 13 August 1967 ) is a former Slovene football player , who played as a forward and was capped once for the Slovenia national football team .
Hector Negrello ( March 10 , 1921 -- June 9 , 2000 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Lethbridge Maple Leafs .
Danny Kirmond is currently the captain of the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats after being appointed mid - season in 2012 .
Denys Bezborodko ( Ukrainian : Денис Олегович Безбородько ; born 31 May 1994 in Chernihiv , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a striker on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Jeff Strasser ( born 5 October 1974 in Mondorf - les - Bains ) is a retired Luxembourgian footballer , who currently manages CS Fola Esch .
Wiley Brown is a retired NFL player , who lettered 2 years with the Philadelphia Eagles as a defensive end , before deciding to play professional basketball in the International Federation of Basketball where he traveled throughout the world .
Miguel Coronado ( born February 6 , 1987 in Peñalolén , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer currently in San Marcos de Arica .
Karl Odermatt ( born 17 December 1942 in Lucerne ) is a Swiss former footballer who played for FC Basel and BSC Young Boys throughout the 1960s and 1970s .
Kent Kingsley ( born 26 September 1978 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the North Melbourne Football Club , the Geelong Football Club and the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Dwayne Carswell ( born January 18 , 1972 ) is a retired American football tight end and offensive lineman who played from 1994 - 2005 for the Denver Broncos in the National Football League .
Bruno Banducci ( November 11 , 1921 -- September 15 , 1985 ) was an Italian , American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the San Francisco 49ers .
Julio Cobos Moreno ( born 10 February 1971 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a winger , and the current manager of CF Villanovense .
Elie Stephan ( alternatively Elie Estephane , born in Ghosta , Lebanon on July 20 , 1986 ) is a professional Lebanese basketball player who is currently a member of Lebanese Basketball League team Hekmeh .
Nils Röseler ( born 10 February 1992 ) is a German professional footballer , who currently plays for Chemnitzer FC in the 3 .
Eric Larsson ( born 15 July 1991 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for GIF Sundsvall as a defender .
Phillip Buffington ( born December 27 , 1986 ) is an American soccer player who has played for Mississippi Brilla , Dandaloo Lions FC , and Harrisburg City Islanders professionally .
Vadym Strashkevych ( Ukrainian : Вадим В′ячеславович Страшкевич ; born 21 April 1994 in Lviv , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League .
Timo Baumgartl ( born 4 March 1996 ) is a German footballer who plays as centre back for VfB Stuttgart in the Bundesliga .
Roberto Santo ( born March 7 , 1986 ) is a South African football midfielder who plays for National First Division club Vasco da Gama .
On 17 April 2012 , Jimmy Cowan would leave the Highlanders to join English side Gloucester Rugby in the Aviva Premiership for the 2012/13 season .
Lawrence Ati - Zigi ( born 29 November 1996 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for FC Liefering and FC Red Bull Salzburg as goalkeeper .
Costa Andricopoulos ( born 30 March 1991 ) is an Australian born Footballer who currently plays for Blacktown Spartans FC .
Max Padlow ( August 15 , 1912 -- August 8 , 1971 ) was a professional American football end for the Philadelphia Eagles ( 1935 - -1936 ) in the National Football League and the Cleveland Rams ( 1936 ) and the Cincinnati Bengals ( 1937 ) of the second American Football League .
Rafael Gomes or Gomes ( born 12 July 1980 , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Bonsucesso Futebol Clube .
Maksim Sergeyevich Morozov ( Russian : Максим Серге́евич Морозов ; born January 11 , 1994 ) is a Russian football forward , who last played for FC SKA Rostov - on - Don .
Luke Abraham ( born September 26 , 1983 in Leicester ) is a professional rugby union player , who currently plays for Lyon OU in the French Top 14 .
Kerstin Ingrid Therese Sjögran ( born 8 April 1977 ) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder for Damallsvenskan club FC Rosengård and the Sweden women 's national football team .
Pito Villanon was a Cuban football ( soccer ) player who spent eleven seasons with Brookhattan in the American Soccer League .
Tamarakuro Debekeme ( born 24 October 1990 in Bayelsa , Nigeria ) is a footballer , who plays for Nasarawa United F.C ..
Nikolas Besagno ( born November 15 , 1988 in Maple Valley , Washington ) is an American soccer player who is currently a player / coach for Washington Crossfire of the USL Premier Development League .
Davide Petrucci ( born 5 October 1991 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Romanian club CFR Cluj as a midfielder .
Matee Ajavon ( born May 7 , 1986 ) is a Liberian American player in the WNBA for the Atlanta Dream .
Yeo Reum ( Hangul : 여름 ; born 22 June 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Gwangju FC in K League Challenge .
Balázs Tóth B. ( born 14 July 1986 , in Szolnok ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Szolnoki MÁV FC .
Kevin Tkachuk ( born September 11 , 1976 in Thompson , Manitoba ) is a former prop for the Canada national rugby union team and the Glasgow Warriors in Scotland .
Rhys Hanbury ( born 27 August 1985 ) is an Australian professional rugby league player for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League .
Antonio García Aranda ( born 7 November 1989 ) , known as Toño , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Levante UD as a left back .
Mimmi Löfwenius ( born 16 February 1994 ) is a Swedish football midfielder , currently playing for LSK Kvinner FK ( Lillestrøm , Norway ) in the Toppserien .
Deniz Doğan ( born 20 October 1979 ) is a Turkish - German football coach and football player , who currently works for the reserve team of Eintracht Braunschweig as a playing assistant .
Fred Toney ( December 11 , 1888 -- March 11 , 1953 ) was an American right - handed pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs , Cincinnati Reds , New York Giants and St. Louis Cardinals from 1911 - -1923 .
Derick Wanganeen ( born 5 February 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club .
Vince Fawcett 's son , Benn Fawcett , has played in the junior ranks of home town club , Leeds Rhinos , he attended Lawnswood School .
Ivy Joe Hunter ( born November 16 , 1966 in Gainesville , Florida ) is a former professional American football player who played fullback for three seasons for the Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots .
Oussama Chita ( Arabic : أسامة شيتة‎ ; born October 31 , 1996 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 and the Algeria national under-23 team .
Florian Kamberi is a Swiss Albanian footballer who plays as midfielder with Grasshopper Club Zürich in the Swiss Super League .
Dustin Cameron ( born April 28 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim witch are playing in the DEL2 , the second - level league of ice hockey in Germany .
Toni Kuivasto ( born 31 December 1975 in Tampere ) is a retired Finnish footballer who last played for Veikkausliigaside FC Haka .
David Lonie ( born 6 May 1979 ) was an American football punter for the Green Bay Packers .
Julian Talbot ( born March 24 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman , converted from center , who currently plays for Eisbären Berlin in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Michael Harforth ( born 9 February 1959 ) is a retired German footballer who played with Karlsruher SC , Freiburger FC , SV Wiesbaden , MSV Duisburg , Hannover 96 , SG Egelsbach and SV Darmstadt 98 .
Stéphane Auvray ( born September 4 , 1981 in Les Abymes ) is a Guadeloupean footballer who last played for Brunei DPMM FC in the S.League of Singapore .
This led to Luís Fabiano being transferred to La Liga side Sevilla FC .
Kelvin Robertson ( born 3 January 1983 ) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played his entire career with the Townsville Crocodiles of the National Basketball League .
Bruce Ellington ( born August 22 , 1991 ) is an American football wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League .
Timothy Durwael ( born 24 February 1991 in Hasselt ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for FC Eindhoven .
Yevhen Lozovyi ( Ukrainian : Євген Вікторович Лозовий ; born 25 March 1988 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Dacia Chișinău .
Leo Blanchard ( born March 12 , 1955 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who played between 1979 and 1991 in the Canadian Football League , mainly for the Edmonton Eskimos , but also for the Calgary Stampeders .
Marc - Édouard Vlasic ( born March 30 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Felipe Aliste Lopes ( born 7 August 1987 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for German club VfL Wolfsburg as a central defender .
Yevhen Troyanovskyi ( Ukrainian : Євген Станіславович Трояновський ; born 2 July 1993 in Sloviansk , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for the Ukrainian First League club FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv .
Ahmed Mahloof ( born 26 March 1980 ) is a Maldivian former footballer who is the manager of the Maldives national football team .
Michael Erush ( born January 24 , 1984 in Van Nuys , California ) is an American soccer player who is currently the player - assistant coach of Orange County Blue Star in the USL Premier Development League .
Francisco José Sánchez Rodríguez ( born 3 January 1996 ) , commonly known as Curro , is a Spanish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Sevilla Atlético .
Born in Sanlúcar de Barrameda , Cádiz , Andalusia , Nolito arrived at FC Barcelona at nearly 22 years of age , having appeared with Écija Balompié in his native region in two third division seasons .
Dmitri Zyuzin ( born October 21 , 1987 ) is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays the 2010 - -11 season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Metallurg Novokuznetsk .
Walter Stanley ( born November 5 , 1962 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a former professional American football wide receiver for ten seasons in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers , the Detroit Lions , the Washington Redskins , the New England Patriots , and the San Diego Chargers .
Ben Townsend ( born 8 October 1981 ) is an English football player who played in the Football League for Wycombe Wanderers .
Itimi Dickson Edherefe is a Singapore international football player who last played for Persidafon Dafonsoro .
Mirson Volina ( born 8 January 1990 ) is an Albanian footballer who plays for FC Breitenrain Bern in the 1 .
Hagop Chirishian ( born November 1 , 1989 in Hollywood , California ) is a professional American soccer player who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League .
Nuno Henrique Gonçalves Nogueira ( born 19 October 1986 in Fafe , Braga District ) , known as Henrique , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Boavista F.C. as a central defender .
Josh Janniere ( born November 4 , 1992 in Hamilton , Ontario ) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer .
Fred Willis ( born December 9 , 1947 ) is a retired American football running back who played six seasons in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and Houston Oilers .
Simon Keogh ( born 1979 ) is a rugby union player who played on the wing for Leinster Rugby .
Max Warren ( born 29 January 1993 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Claudio Vacca ( October 24 , 1915 - January 28 , 1995 ) was an Argentine football goalkeeper who played most of his career at Boca Juniors .
John Gordy ( July 17 , 1935 -- January 30 , 2009 ) was an American football offensive guard who played for the Detroit Lions in an eleven - year career that lasted from 1957 to 1967 in the National Football League .
On 30 October 2014 it was announced Lydiate would be leaving Racing Metro and returning to Wales on a dual contract between the Welsh Rugby Union and a Welsh region , on 7 December 2014 this was announced to be Ospreys Dan Lydiate was a part of the Welsh team for World Cup 2015 .
Harold Morrow ( born February 24 , 1973 ) is a former National Football League fullback for the Minnesota Vikings , the Baltimore Ravens , and the Arizona Cardinals .
Gastón Rapolo Silva ( born 25 January 1986 ) is a Argentinean football midfielder who currently plays in the Primera B Metropolitana for UAI Urquiza .
Julian Michel ( born 19 February 1992 ) is a French footballer to a father from france and a mother from Morocco ( 2 ) who currently plays for Royal Mouscron - Péruwelz in the Belgian Pro League .
Mahonri Schwalger ( born 15 September 1978 ) is a Samoan professional rugby union footballer who plays in New Zealand for the Chiefs in the Super Rugby competition and for Counties Manukau in the National Provincial Championship .
András László ( born 16 August 1976 in Veszprém ) is a Hungarian football ( defender ) player who currently plays for BFC Siófok .
Filipp Savchenko ( born 20 November 1991 is a Russian ice hockey player . He is currently playing with Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (
On 12 August 2010 , The Jakarta Globe reports that Indonesian Super League club Persija Jakarta said it had secured the services of Julius Akosah .
Cheryl Reeve is an American basketball head coach , currently coaching the Minnesota Lynx of the WNBA .
Paulo Vogt made six Ukrainian Premier League appearances , scoring once , for FC Metalurh Donetsk during 2006 .
Sebastián Eguren Ledesma ( born 8 January 1981 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Club Nacional de Football mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Aleksejs Saramotins ( born 8 April 1982 ) is a Latvian professional road cyclist who rides for IAM Cycling .
Lukáš Křeček ( born 18 September 1986 in Kladno ) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Graffin Vlašim on loan from FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Nick Crosswell ( born 3 April 1986 ) is a professional rugby union player who represents the Welsh regional team Newport Gwent Dragons in the Pro12 competition .
Elliot Vélez ( born April 24 , 1988 San Juan ) is a Puerto Rican footballer who currently plays for Sevilla FC Puerto Rico in the USL Professional League .
Ansi Agolli ( born 11 October 1982 in Tirana ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays for FK Qarabağ in the Azerbaijan Premier League and the Albanian national team .
Martin Osei Nyarko ( born March 13 , 1985 in Amanfoo ) is a Ghanaian footballer who played as a striker for King Faisal Babes .
Shim Dong - woon ( Hangul : 심동운 ; born 3 March 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Winger for Pohang Steelers in the K League Classic .
Guillaume Hubert ( born 11 January 1994 ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Belgian club Standard Liège .
Shpëtim Moçka ( born 20 October 1989 in Vlorë ) is a professional Albanian footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga .
Finn Russell , born 23 September 1992 in Stirling , is a Scottish rugby union player who can play fly - half or centre , and currently plays for Scottish side Glasgow Warriors .
Martin Smedberg - Dalence ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmartin ( e)ˈsmeðβerɣ ) , Swedish : ( ˈsmeːdˈbærj ) ; born 10 May 1984 in Norrköping ) is a Bolivian footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg as a midfielder .
Jason Pelletier ( born April 24 , 1985 in Middletown , Pennsylvania ) is an American retired soccer player who last played for Harrisburg City Islanders in the United Soccer League .
He subsequently joined C.F. Os Belenenses , where he was immediately cast into the starting XI . In 2006 - -07 José Pedro scored eight league goals for a Belenenses final fifth - place in the league ( with qualification to the UEFA Cup ) , while the team was also runner - up in the domestic cup .
Gusripen Efendi ( born on August 14 , 1986 in Muara Mahat , Kampar Regency ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League .
Timothy Starks was a professional football player for the Minnesota Vikings in 1987 when he was 24 years old .
Jürgen Wilhelm ( born 2 November 1950 ) is a retired German footballer who played for Borussia Dortmund in the Fußball - Bundesliga .
Dmytro Matviyenko ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Олександрович Матвієнко ; born 25 May 1992 in Saky , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender currently playing for club FC Tiraspol in the Moldovan National Division .
Peter Kleščík ( born 18 September 1988 ) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FK AS Trenčín and the Slovakia national under-21 football team .
Max de Boom ( born 17 February 1996 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for PEC Zwolle , as a striker .
Archibald Arnott ( 18 April 1772 -- 1855 ) was a British Army surgeon best remembered as Napoleon 's doctor on St. Helena , and who was present at the Emperor 's autopsy .
Oglethorpe 's Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army formed for service in North America during the War of Jenkins ' Ear .
General Robert Cuninghame , 1st Baron Rossmore PC ( Ire ) ( 18 April 1726 -- 6 August 1801 ) was an Irish British Army officer and politician .
Group Captain Frederick Charles Victor Laws ( ca.1887 - 1975 ) , O.B.E. , was an officer in the Royal Air Force , an aerial surveyor , and the founder and most prominent pioneer of British aerial reconnaissance .
William Harwar Parker ( October 8 , 1826 -- December 30 , 1896 ) was an officer in the United States Navy and later in the Confederate States Navy .
Tomasz Mathea is a former Commander in Chief of the Polish Navy .
Major - General Sir John Hanbury - Williams GCVO KCB CMG ( 19 October 1859 -- 19 October 1946 ) was a British Army officer , who served as Military Secretary to the Secretary of State for War and later Brigadier - General in charge of Administration ( Scotland ) .
George Downie ( 19 January 1778 -- 11 September 1814 ) was a Scottish officer of the British Royal Navy who , during the War of 1812 , commanded a British squadron which fought an American squadron on Lake Champlain in the Battle of Plattsburgh , during which he was killed .
The Irish Guards ( IG ) , part of the Guards Division , is one of the Foot Guards regiments of the British Army and , together with the Royal Irish Regiment , it is one of the two Irish infantry regiments still remaining in the British Army .
The 1st Assault Brigade Royal Engineers was a specialisied armoured formation of the British Army active in World War II . It was formed in mid-1943 and its structure was three Assault Regiments of the Royal Engineers .
John Murray , 2nd Earl of Dunmore ( 31 October 1685 -- 18 April 1752 ) , also Viscount of Fincastle and Lord Murray of Blair , Moulin and Tullimet , was a Scottish peer and British Army general .
William Bruce Pitzer ( April 13 , 1917 - October 29 , 1966 ) was an officer of the United States Navy whose death is speculated to have had some connection with the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
Frank Herman Schofield ( January 4 , 1869 -- February 20 , 1942 ) was a decorated admiral in the United States Navy , where he served with distinction in the Spanish--
The 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards was a cavalry regiment in the British Army , first raised in 1685 .
Colonel Katherine Amelia Towle ( April 30 , 1898 - March 1 , 1986 ) was the second Director of the United States Marine Corps Women 's Reserve ( USMCWR ) and the first Director of Women Marines .
James Alms ( 15 July 1728 -- 8 June 1791 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the War of the Austrian Succession , the Carnatic and Seven Years ' War and the American War of Independence , rising to the rank of post - captain .
Admiral John Surman Carden ( 15 August 1771 -- 22 April 1858 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy in the early nineteenth century .
Major Dennis Fox MBE ( 1920 - 1993 ) was an officer of the British Army .
The Corps of Royal Engineers , usually just called the Royal Engineers ( RE ) , and commonly known as the Sappers , is one of the corps of the British Army .
Harry Hammond Hess ( May 24 , 1906 -- August 25 , 1969 ) was a geologist and United States Navy officer in World War II . Considered one of the `` founding fathers '' of the unifying theory of plate tectonics , Rear Admiral Harry Hammond Hess was born on May 24 , 1906 in New York City .
Sir Francis Geary , 1st Baronet ( 1709 -- 7 February 1796 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy .
Milo Smith Hascall ( August 5 , 1829 -- August 30 , 1904 ) was an American soldier , banker , and real estate executive who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Skaraborg Brigade ( Swedish : Skaraborgsbrigaden ) , designation PB 9 and MekB9 , was a Swedish Army armoured brigade .
William George Thordsen ( April 2 , 1879 -- May 8 , 1932 ) was an Coxswain in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the Philippine - American War .
No . 288 Squadron RAF was a Royal Air Force Squadron formed as an anti - aircraft co - operation unit in World War II .
Vice - Admiral Sir Edward Michael Conolly Abel Smith GCVO CB JP ( 3 December 1899 -- 3 December 1985 ) was a Vice - Admiral in the British Royal Navy who served during the First and Second World Wars .
Klaus Uebe ( 1 May 1900 -- 3 February 1968 ) was a German Luftwaffe Generalmajor and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
General Henry Edward Fox ( 4 March 1755 -- 18 July 1811 ) was a British Army general .
Lieutenant Commander Zachary Lansdowne , USN ( December 1 , 1888 -- September 3 , 1925 ) was a United States Navy officer and early Naval aviator who contributed to the development of the Navy 's first lighter - than - air craft .
Admiral Sir Thomas Pasley , 1st Baronet ( 2 March 1734 -- 29 November 1808 ) was a senior and highly experienced British Royal Navy officer of the eighteenth century , who served with distinction at numerous actions of the Seven Years ' War , American Revolutionary War and French Revolutionary Wars .
John Adams Howell ( 16 March 1840 -- 1918 ) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy , who served during the Civil War and the Spanish--
The Chief of the Air Staff 's Warrant Officer ( CASWO ) is the senior warrant officer of the Royal Air Force .
Loudon 's Highlanders , or the 64th Highlanders , or Earl of Loudon 's Regiment of Foot , was an infantry regiment of the British Army .
Robert J. Kelly ( born March 4 , 1938 ) is a retired United States Navy four star admiral who served as Commander in Chief , United States Pacific Fleet ( CINCPACFLT ) from 1991 to 1994 .
The 30th Armoured Brigade ( created on 27 December 1940 ) was a World War II British Army unit that served in the campaign in Western Europe as part of the 79th Armoured Division .
Milan Ćopić ( 4 December 1897 -- 1941 ) was a Croatian communist who was in the International Brigades prison at Camp Lucász during the Spanish Civil War .
Lieutenant General Sir Harry Edward de Robillard Wetherall KBE CB DSO MC ( 1889 - -1979 ) was an officer in the British Army during World War I and World War II .
The Ayrshire ( Earl of Carrick 's Own ) Yeomanry was a Regiment of the British Yeomanry and is now an armoured Squadron of the Scottish and North Irish Yeomanry ( SNIY ) , part of the British Army Reserve .
The Household Cavalry ( HCav ) is made up of the two most senior regiments of the British Army , the Life Guards and the Blues and Royals ( Royal Horse Guards and 1st Dragoons ) .
Rear Admiral Robert O. Wray , Jr. , United States Navy , is a businessman , author and retired two - star admiral who recently served as the President of INSURV , the Navy 's Board of Inspection and Survey .
Corporal Katrina Hodge ( born 29 March 1987 ) is a serving member of the British Army from Royal Tunbridge Wells , Kent in south - east England who was Miss England 2009 .
Lieutenant - Colonel Thomas Brereton ( 1782 - -1832 ) was an officer of the British Army .
Robert Faulknor the younger ( 1763 - -1795 ) was an 18th - century Royal Navy officer , part of the Faulknor naval dynasty .
Jacob Gartner Lauman ( January 20 , 1813 -- February 9 , 1867 ) was a prominent American businessman from Iowa and a controversial general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
The 1st Battalion , York and Lancaster Regiment was an infantry battalion of the British Army , created in 1881 from the 65th Regiment of Foot .
Stanisław Grodzicki ( 1912 in Ostrołęka -- 1946 near Orpington ) was a Polish fighter pilot and a Major of the Polish Air Force during World War II . He fought during The Blitz in 1941 as a night fighter pilot with No . 307 Polish Fighter Squadron , flying the Boulton Paul Defiant .
Rudolf Anderson , Jr. ( September 15 , 1927 -- October 27 , 1962 ) , was a pilot and commissioned officer in the United States Air Force and the first recipient of the Air Force Cross , the U.S. Air Force 's second - highest award for heroism .
Captain Peter Gerald Charles Dickens DSO , MBE , DSC , RN ( 6 April 1917 -- 25 May 1987 ) was a Royal Navy officer during World War II and a great - grandson of novelist Charles Dickens .
The Fifth Air Force ( 5 AF ) is a numbered air force of the United States Air Force Pacific Air Forces ( PACAF ) .
The Queen 's Own Dorset Yeomanry was a yeomanry regiment of the British Army founded in 1794 as the Dorsetshire Regiment of Volunteer Yeomanry Cavalry in response to the growing threat of invasion during the Napoleonic wars .
Major General Clifford Coffin VC , CB , DSO & Bar ( 10 February 1870 -- 4 February 1959 ) was an officer in the British Army and was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Captain Geoffrey John Kirkby CBE , DSC & Two Bars ( 26 August 1918 -- 24 October 1998 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy during the Second World War , serving mainly at sea in small ships .
George Mahoney ( born January 15 , 1865 ) was a fireman first class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
The 15th The King 's Hussars was a cavalry regiment in the British Army .
Robert T. Marsh ( born January 3 , 1925 ) is a retired United States Air Force four - star general who served as Commander , Air Force Systems Command ( COMAFSC ) from 1981 to 1984 .
Barney Miller is an American sitcom set in a New York City Police Department police station in Greenwich Village .
The World 's Best Prom is a 2006 documentary film about a high school prom in Racine , Wisconsin , a city that for the past 50 years has been annually gripped by prom mania .
Bad Machinery is a webcomic set in the fictional West Yorkshire town of Tackleford , England , written and drawn by John Allison .
Outnumbered is centered on the Brockmans , a middle - class family living in West London , whose two parents are `` outnumbered '' by their three somewhat unruly children .
Spender is a BBC television drama set in Newcastle upon Tyne , written by Ian La Frenais and Jimmy Nail , who also starred .
Sweet ' n Short is a 1991 Leon Schuster movie made in South Africa .
The Romancing Star III is a 1989 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Sherman Wong and starring Stanley Fung , Wong Jing , Lawrence Cheng , James Wong , Shing Fui - On , Sam Christopher Chan and guest stars Andy Lau , the star of The Romancing Star II
In 1966 , following the success of his TV series Gilligan 's Island , Sherwood Schwartz conceived the idea for The Brady Bunch after reading in The Los Angeles Times that `` 30 % of marriages ( in the United States ) have a child or children from a previous marriage . ''
The Actors is a contemporary comedy set in Dublin .
The Mystery of Mr. X is a 1934 American Pre - Code crime film starring Robert Montgomery as a jewel thief who gets mixed up in a series of murders in 19th century London .
A Run for Your Money is a 1949 Ealing Studios comedy film starring Donald Houston and Meredith Edwards as two Welshmen visiting London for the first time .
The Eye in the Door is set in London , beginning in mid - April , 1918 , and continues the interwoven stories of Dr William Rivers , Billy Prior , and Siegfried Sassoon begun in Regeneration .
The Nine Network broadcast So Fresh TV from 2002 to 2006 , which was filmed in the Sydney CBD .
Helicopter Heroes is a British daytime television series , following the lifesaving work of the Yorkshire Air Ambulance .
It is set in the Driftless area of southwestern Wisconsin .
Created by Clive Exton , The Crezz was set in a fictitious West London crescent , Carlisle Crescent .
Danger Has Two Faces is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Alex Cheung and starring Bryan Leung , Paul Chu and Fei Xiang .
Castle Dor is a 1961 historical novel by Daphne du Maurier ( with Sir Arthur Quiller - Couch ) , set in 19th century Cornwall .
Larry Hand 's exposure to a wider audience spawned the character Col Dunkley in the successful Australian TV series Grass Roots , and Rats in the Ranks is regarded as a classic in its portrayal of local politics in Australia .
Cleopatra 's Daughter ( Italian : Il sepolcro dei re ) is a 1960 historical drama film set in Egypt during the reign of the pharaoh Khufu ( r. 2589 - 2566 BC ) .
Out of Oz brings a conclusion to the narratives spread across The Wicked Years while providing a revisionist look at L. Frank Baum 's Land of Oz incorporating elements from Baum 's series as well as the 1939 film adaptation of the original novel .
Hey , Jeannie ! is an American situation comedy starring Jeannie Carson as a young Scottish woman living in New York City .
The series follows the drama when the new meets the old in the little coastal town of Hyperion Bay , California .
Living Other Lives is a novel by the American writer Caroline Leavitt set in 1990s New York City and Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Trailer Park Boys is a Canadian mockumentary television series created and directed by Mike Clattenburg that focuses on the misadventures of a group of trailer park residents , some of whom are ex - convicts , living in the fictional Sunnyvale Trailer Park in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia .
Marc - Philippe Daubresse ( born August 1 , 1953 in Lille , Nord ) was the French Minister for Youth and Active Solidarities .
Nicolas Vanier ( born 5 May 1962 ) is a French adventurist , writer and director .
André - Antoine Ravrio ( 1759 , Paris -- 4 October 1814 , Paris ) was a French sculptor in bronze .
Jean - Luc Moudenc ( born July 19 , 1960 ) is a French politician who has been the mayor of Toulouse since 2014 , having previously held the job from 2004 to 2008 .
Bernhard Bardenheuer ( July 12 , 1839 , Lamersdorf -- August 13 , 1913 ) was a German surgeon .
Jean - Loup Philippe ( born 24 March 1936 ) is a French actor , writer and director of film and theatre He is best known for his role in Jean Rollin 's 1974 horror classic Lèvres de sang .
Ingo Wellenreuther is a German politician and the current chairman of Karlsruher SC .
Uwe Hüser ( born 21 August 1958 ) was elected to the Bundestag from Rhineland - Palatinate for the German Green Party in 1987 .
Elisabeth Schwarzhaupt ( 7 January 1901 , Frankfurt am Main -- 30 October 1986 ) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union .
Julien Offray de La Mettrie ( November 23 , 1709 -- November 11 , 1751 ) was a French physician and philosopher , and one of the earliest of the French materialists of the Enlightenment .
Michel Clair ( born June 16 , 1950 ) is an administrator and former politician in the Canadian province of Quebec .
`` `` ' ' Xavier Lust '' '' '' is a furniture designer and sculptor based in Brussels .
Joseph Conrad Chamberlin ( December 23 , 1898 -- July 17 , 1962 ) was an American arachnologist who studied mainly pseudoscorpions .
Mark Leno ( born September 24 , 1951 ) is an American politician , representing California 's 11th State Senate district , which includes San Francisco and part of San Mateo County .
Gwynne Pugh is an American architect , born in Wales , who until 2010 was a partner of Pugh + Scarpa .
Ginger Rogers ( born Virginia Katherine McMath ; July 16 , 1911 -- April 25 , 1995 ) was an American actress , dancer , and singer .
Alexei Puninski ( born January 11 , 1985 in Yekaterinburg , Russian SFSR ) is a Russian - born Croatian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
Luke Egan ( born 24 January 1970 ) is an Australian professional surfer who competed on the Association of Surfing Professionals Men 's World Tour .
Elaine Sciolino is a writer and former Paris bureau chief for The New York Times , writing from France since 2002 .
Giuseppe Lauricella ( 1867 - -1913 ) was an Italian mathematician who is remembered today for his contributions to analysis and the theory of elasticity .
Hands of Murder ( also known as Hands of Mystery and Hands of Destiny ) was an American mystery / anthology series that aired on the DuMont Television Network .
Good Sports is an American sitcom that aired on the CBS network in 1991 , starring Farrah Fawcett and Ryan O'Neal .
Music Hop is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1967 .
My Five Wives is an American reality television series broadcast on TLC that began airing in 2013 .
Intentional Talk is an hour long ( during the regular season ) and a 30-minute long ( during the offseason ) talk show shown live Monday - Friday at 5:00 ET on MLB Network .
Private Screenings is a television documentary and reality series airing on Turner Classic Movies since 1995 , and one of three original programs currently aired by the network , the others being The Essentials and 31 Days of Oscar .
How to Be a Gentleman is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 29 , 2011 , to June 23 , 2012 .
Addicted to Beauty is an American reality television show on the Oxygen US television channel about a Plastic surgery and Day spa located in San Diego , California .
Graham Norton 's Bigger Picture ( previously named The Bigger Picture with Graham Norton ) is a British comedy panel chat show launched on BBC One in 2005 , in which presenter Graham Norton informally and satirically discusses the week 's news with a panel of invited celebrity guests .
The X Creatures is a British documentary television series that was produced by the BBC in 1998 , which was broadcast in 1999 on BBC 1 .
Laurel Avenue is an American three - hour television miniseries which aired on HBO on July 10 and 11 , 1993 .
Minor Adjustments is an American television sitcom that aired NBC from September 16 , 1995 until November 26 , 1995 , and on UPN from January 23 , 1996 until June 4 , 1996 .
Weinerville is an American television program on Nickelodeon that was produced in 1993 - 1994 .
Ultimate Match Fishing is a sport fishing television series airing on the Outdoor Channel since 2005 .
The Virtual Revolution is a British television documentary series presented by Aleks Krotoski , which began airing on BBC Two on 30 January 2010 .
Rick 's List was a news and commentary program on CNN hosted by Rick Sanchez .
Surviving Suburbia is an American sitcom starring Bob Saget and Cynthia Stevenson that aired on American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) from April 6 to August 7 , 2009 .
Me muero por ti , was an American telenovela produced by Rubicon Entertainment for Telemundo in 1999 .
Saturday Date with Billy O'Connor is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1958 to 1959 .
Strange Paradise is a Canadian occult - supernatural soap opera of 195 episodes , initially launched in syndication in the United States on September 8 , 1969 , and later broadcast on CBC Television from October 20 , 1969 , to July 22 , 1970 .
Bomb Patrol Afghanistan is an American documentary television series that premiered in the United States on G4 in October 2011 .
Os Caras de Pau ( in English , The Barefaceds ) is a Brazilian comedy program aired by Rede Globo on Sunday .
I 've Got a Secret is a panel game show produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman for CBS television .
The first series of the Reggie Perrin revival was broadcast on BBC One , as well as in high definition on BBC HD .
Bulls & Bears is an American business analysis program , the first show of The Cost of Freedom business block , on Saturdays at 10:00 am ET on the Fox News Channel .
Smith and Goody was a children 's sketch show on ITV shown for one series in 1980 .
The Jack and Triumph Show is a television sitcom from Universal Television for Adult Swim that premiered on February 20 , 2015 and ended on April 3 , 2015 with a total of 7 episodes .
Comin ' Up Country is a Canadian country music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977 .
Challenge Anneka is a British television programme , produced by the independent production company Mentorn for the BBC , which aired on Friday , later Saturday evenings on BBC One between 8 September 1989 and 15 October 1995 .
El hogar que yo robé ( English title : I Stole home ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Valentín Pimstein for Canal de las Estrellas in 1981 .
Inside 9/11 is a three - part television documentary film produced by Towers Productions that premiered on August 21 and August 22 , 2005 , on the National Geographic Channel .
Produced by Seattle - based KIRO - TV , and utilizing much of the same cast and crew as the similarly popular The J.P. Patches Show , Nightmare Theatre reached an audience that stretched as far north as Alaska , as far east as Idaho , and south into Oregon .
Nanny 911 is a reality television show in the United States , which originally aired on FOX ( and airs in the UK on ITV2 , whose sister company , Granada America , produces the show ) .
7 Lives Exposed ( also known as 7 Lives Xposed ) is an American reality television - themed series produced by Playboy TV .
ToonHeads was originally broadcast on Cartoon Network from October 2 , 1992 to November 23 , 2003 .
Cannonball Run 2001 was a reality television series broadcast on the USA Network in 2001 .
Skeleton Warriors is a 13-episode cartoon series created by Landmark Entertainment Group , which originally aired in 1994 - -1995 on CBS .
Ros na Rún is a long - running Irish soap opera produced for the Irish language television channel , TG4 .
Tanisha Gets Married is an American reality documentary television series that premiered on May 7 , 2012 on Oxygen .
Fox NFL Kickoff is an American sports television program that originally debuted on Fox Sports 1 on September 8 , 2013 , and moved to Fox Broadcasting Company on September 13 , 2015 , and serves as the secondary pre - game show for the network 's National Football League game telecasts under the NFL on Fox brand .
You Do n't Know You 're Born is a British television documentary series that aired on ITV in 2007 .
DiResta is an American comedy television series which premiered on UPN on October 5 , 1998 , on its Monday schedule .
Grandpa in My Pocket is a comedy drama series commissioned by Michael Carrington for CBeebies , the BBC 's dedicated pre - school and nursery channel targeting children aged 1 - -6 years .
Cesar Millan 's Leader of the Pack is an American documentary television series on the Nat Geo Wild .
The WGN Morning News is an American morning television news program airing on WGN - TV ( channel 9 ) , a CW - affiliated television station and national superstation in Chicago , Illinois that serves as the flagship station of the Tribune Broadcasting division of the Tribune Company .
Morton & Hayes was a comedy television series , shown Wednesday nights at 8:30 on CBS .
Tanked is a reality TV series airing on Animal Planet .
Two series of History Cold Case aired on BBC Two in 2010 and 2011 .
Chaldi Da Naam Gaddi is a comedy - drama series that premiered on 16 November 2007 on Zee TV .
Wonder Mom is an informative show which airs every Saturday morning on ABS - CBN .
Adam and Joe Go Tokyo was a series of eight episodes created for BBC Three ( also airing in full on BBC One at a later timeslot as promotion for the new channel ) .
1 For 3 was a Filipino weekly situational comedy show sitcom produced by GMA Network and M - ZET Productions Inc. It was directed by Bert De Leon .
A Very Brady Christmas was directed by Peter Baldwin and premiered on CBS on December 18 , 1988 .
Business Tonight is a business news talk show on CNBC until c. October 1997 .
Fox Business Happy Hour was an American financial program aired on the Fox Business Network weekdays from 5 - 6pm Eastern Time and was hosted by Rebecca Diamond , Cody Willard and Eric Bolling .
VIP Noche was a popular 1990s game show in the Spanish Telecinco network , originally presented by the Spanish TV producer Emilio Aragón Álvarez .
The Culture Show is a weekly BBC Two Arts magazine programme .
Showbiz Tonight is an American entertainment news program that aired from February 20 , 2005 , until February 6 , 2014 , on HLN .
Taking the Flak is a comedy drama which aired on BBC Two in summer 2009 .
Mann & Machine is an American science fiction / police drama series that aired for nine episodes on NBC from April 5 , 1992 to July 14 , 1992 .
The Playboy Radio Show is a Playboy TV reality series that follows the weekly antics of the various shows on SIRIUS Satellite Radio 's Playboy Radio channel .
Amazing Eats is an American food reality television series that premiered on January 11 , 2012 on the Travel Channel .
Keeping Up with the Kardashians ( abbreviated KUWTK ) is an American reality television series that airs on the E ! cable network and focuses on the personal and professional lives of the Kardashian--
The PBA on BBC was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games on Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation .
Aquele Beijo ( English : That Kiss ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Rede Globo and exhibited in the schedule of 19 hours .
International Playhouse is the name of an American television series that was broadcast on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network during 1951 .
Trippin is a Malaysian infotainment programme produced by 8TV , which sees local celebrities or ( beginning season two ) ordinary citizens being taken to various tourist attractions in the country , and involved in recreational activities , ranging from appreciation of arts and culture to extreme sports .
Catwalk Dogs is a British television film written by Simon Nye and produced by Shed Productions for ITV .
The Burn with Jeff Ross is a comedy panel show hosted by comedian Jeff Ross that aired on Comedy Central .
19 Kids and Counting ( formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting ) , rendered graphically as 19 kids & Counting in its onscreen logo , is an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years , until its cancellation in 2015 .
16 Wishes is a 2010 Canadian - American television film starring Debby Ryan and Jean - Luc Bilodeau , which premiered on June 25 , 2010 on Disney Channel and July 16 , 2010 on the Family Channel .
You Wrote It , You Watch It is an MTV sketch comedy series starring members of The State comedy troupe before they were given their own show by the network .
Wild Brazil is a British nature documentary series , first broadcast on BBC Two and BBC Two HD in January 2014 .
Hanggang Kailan ( English : Circle of Hearts ) is a Filipino drama series produced by GMA Network .
Zach Stone Is Gon na Be Famous is an American television comedy series created by comedian Bo Burnham and Dan Lagana that aired on MTV from May 2 to June 29 , 2013 .
Fat Guy Stuck in Internet is an American live - action science fiction comedy television series on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim .
Five Years in the Life is a Canadian reality television series which aired on CBC Television from 1968 to 1972 .
The Wild Thornberrys is an American animated television series that aired on Nickelodeon .
Kourtney and Kim Take New York is an American reality television series that premiered January 23 , 2011 , on E ! and ran for two seasons .
Hello , Larry is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from January 26 , 1979 , to April 30 , 1980 .
Familie is produced by Studio - A and runs on vtm .
Unchained Reaction is a science and engineering reality game show that airs on the Discovery Channel .
Winners & Losers is an Australian television drama series first broadcast on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011 .
You Have Been Watching is a British comedy panel game presented by Charlie Brooker , produced by Zeppotron for Channel 4 and filmed at BBC Television Centre ( pilot and series 2 ) and Riverside Studios ( series 1 ) in London .
Skithouse ( styled skitHOUSE ) was an Australian sketch comedy television series that ran on Network Ten from 9 February 2003 to 28 July 2004 .
Lulu 's Islands ( French : Les Mistigris , originally Lulu la Peste ) is an animated series for children that premiered on 5 October 2009 , on the TFOU block of France 's TF1 network .
Dark of Night is an American dramatic anthology series that aired on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network which aired Fridays at 8:30pm EST from October 3 , 1952 to May 1 , 1953 .
Girls Behaving Badly is an American reality comedy television show on the Oxygen cable channel , and is also syndicated to television stations across the United States and Canada by Sony Pictures Television .
Monday Mornings is an American medical drama television series that ran on TNT from February 4 to April 8 , 2013 and aired Mondays after Dallas .
The Planners is a British television documentary series broadcast on BBC Two .
Chelmsford 123 is a British television situation comedy produced for Channel 4 by Hat Trick Productions .
Special Ops Mission is an American reality television series that premiered on August 13 , 2009 on the Military Channel ( now American Heroes Channel ) .
Rude Tube is a British television programme broadcast on Channel 4 and its sister channel E4 .
Football This Week was a TV sports program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network .
Stachys is in the subfamily Lamioideae .
Oncocnemidinae is a subfamily of moths which belong to the large moth family ( Noctuidae ) .
Lepidochrysops is a genus of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
Hyalimax is a genus of small , air - breathing , land slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
Haplorhini ( the haplorhines or the `` dry - nosed '' primates , the Greek name means `` simple - nosed '' ) is a clade containing the tarsiers and the simians ( or anthropoids ) .
Acaenitinae is a subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae .
Gundolficeras is member of the Tornoceratidae , ( goniatitid ammonites ) , from the Late Devonian named by Becker , 1995 and assigned to the Falcitornoceratinae .
The Kretschmarr Cave mold beetle ( Texamaurops reddelli ) is a small mold beetle that is in the kingdom Animalia , the phylum Arthropoda , the class Insecta , the order Coleopetera ( beetles ) , the suborder Polyphaga , the family Pselaphide ( mold beetle ) .
Spathanthus is a group of plants in the family Rapateaceae described as a genus in 1828 .
Bison occidentalis is an extinct species of bison that lived in North America from about 11,000 to 5,000 years ago , spanning the end of the Pleistocene to the mid - Holocene .
The Bengal danio or Sind danio ( Devario devario ) is a subtropical fish belonging to the minnow family ( Cyprinidae ) .
Eucestoda is the larger of the two subclasses of flatworms in the class Cestoda ( the other subclass is Cestodaria ) .
Pycina is a genus of butterflies in the Nymphalidae family found from Mexico to South America .
The Yungas tree frog , Hypsiboas balzani , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia and Peru .
Pristiglomidae is a family of small saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the order Nuculoida .
Hershkovitz 's titi ( Callicebus dubius ) is a species of titi , a type of New World monkey , from South America .
Hoplocampa is a genus of Hymenopteran sawfly in the Tenthredinidae family .
The Seoul frog or Seoul pond frog ( Pelophylax chosenicus ) is a species of true frog found on the southern and western Korean Peninsula , and possibly across the border to China in Liaoning .
Anthostema is a flowering plant genus in the Family Euphorbiaceae ( Spurge family ) first described as a genus in 1824 .
Asthenoceras belongs to the Hildoceratidae ( subfamily Grammoceratinae ) and may be a subgenus of the Lower Jurassic ( Upper Toarcian ) Grammoceras .
Marantochloa is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae described as a genus in 1860 .
The Parras pupfish ( Cyprinodon latifasciatus ) was a species of pupfish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
Creighton 's slender opossum ( Marmosops creightoni ) , also known commonly as Voss ' slender opossum is a species of South American opossum of the family Didelphidae .
Turkeypox virus is a virus of the family Poxviridae and the genus Avipoxvirus that causes turkeypox .
Anniealexandria is the only known member of the family Bipedidae in the fossil record , which otherwise only includes the extant genus Bipes from Mexico .
Claviella besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Claviella .
The Chironomoidea are a superfamily within the order Diptera , suborder Nematocera , infraorder Culicomorpha .
Storey 's African mole - rat ( Tachyoryctes storeyi ) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae endemic to Kenya .
The Holosporaceae are a family of bacteria , formerly included in the order Rickettsiales , but now raised to their own order , the Holosporales .
The Odontotremataceae are a family of saprobic fungi in the order Ostropales .
Shizocera is a genus of sawfly in the family Argidae .
The Choco broad - nosed bat ( Platyrrhinus chocoensis ) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae .
Galeus is a genus of catshark , belonging to the family Scyliorhinidae , commonly known as sawtail catsharks in reference to a distinctive saw - toothed crest of enlarged dermal denticles , found along the upper edges of their caudal fins .
Chaetosaurus emeishanicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Chaetosaurus .
Gervais ' beaked whale ( Mesoplodon europaeus ) , sometimes known as the Antillian beaked whale , Gulf Stream beaked whale , or European beaked whale ( from which its scientific name is derived ) is the most frequently stranding type of mesoplodont whale off the coast of North America .
Skottsbergia is a monotypic genus of moss in the family Ditrichaceae containing the single species Skottsbergia paradoxa .
The Udine shrew ( Sorex arunchi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Chaetodiadema is a genus of sea urchins of the Family Diadematidae .
Acutimitoceras is a genus belonging to the Acutimitoceratinae subfamily of the Prionoceratidae family , a member of the Goniatitida order .
Thabanchuia is an extinct genus of dvinosaurian temnospondyl within the family Tupilakosauridae .
Kaiser 's spotted newt ( Neurergus kaiseri ) , also known as the Luristan newt or emperor spotted Newt ( not to be confused with Tylototriton shanjing ) , is a species of very colourful salamander in the Salamandridae family .
The Pacific black duck ( Anas superciliosa ) is a dabbling duck found in much of Indonesia , New Guinea , Australia , New Zealand , and many islands in the southwestern Pacific , reaching to the Caroline Islands in the north and French Polynesia in the east .
Günther 's black snake , Bothrolycus ater , is a species of poorly known colubrid snake endemic to central Africa .
Cereatta is a harvestman genus in the family Assamiidae .
Gugheorites is a genus of beetle in the family Carabidae .
Paratessaropa brachyptera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Paratessaropa .
The Namaqua dove ( Oena capensis ) is a small pigeon .
Largen 's clawed frog or the Sidamo clawed frog ( Xenopus largeni ) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family .
Pomacanthus rhomboides ( Old woman angelfish ) is a large angelfish growing up to 45 cm , found in the western Indian Ocean .
Isopogon is a genus of 35 species of mainly low - growing and prostrate perennial shrubs in the family Proteaceae endemic to Australia .
Aiolopus is a genus of grasshopper belonging to the family Acrididae , subfamily Oedipodinae .
The Siberian flying squirrel ( Pteromys volans ) is an Old World flying squirrel with a range from the Baltic Sea in the west to the Pacific coast in the east .
The Waitaha penguin ( Megadyptes waitaha ) is an extinct species of New Zealand penguin discovered in November 2008 .
Unenlagiinae is a subfamily of Dromaeosauridae .
Conoclypus - from the Greek words Konos (= cone ) + clypus (= disc ) - is a genus of sea urchins belonging to the family Conoclypeidae .
The Jeju salamander , also spelled Cheju salamander , Hynobius quelpaertensis , is a species of salamander found on various islands and peninsulas off the southwestern coast of the Korean Peninsula , including Jindo , Geojedo , Jejudo , and Namhae .
Westralunio is a genus of freshwater mussels in the family Hyriidae .
Gekkoninae is a diverse subfamily of the family Gekkonidae , geckos .
Closterium is a genus of unicellular charophyte green algae in the family Closteriaceae .
Albatrellus is a genus of 19 species of mushroom - producing fungi in the family Albatrellaceae .
Gyldenstolpe 's worm skink ( Isopachys gyldenstolpei ) is a species of skink in the family Scincidae .
Althenia is a genus of aquatic plants of the family Potamogetonaceae .
Neanaperiallus is an extinct monotypic genus of parasitic wasp in the Eupelmidae subfamily Neanastatinae containing only a single species , Neanaperiallus masneri .
The Brazilian tinamou ( Crypturellus strigulosus ) is a type of tinamou found in lowland moist forest in subtropical and tropical regions of Amazonian South America .
The Malayan shrew ( Crocidura malayana ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Caspian goby ( Neogobius caspius ) is a species of fish endemic to the Caspian Sea where it is only found in brackish waters .
Thomas 's rock rat ( Aethomys thomasi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in Angola .
Iberoporus cermenius is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Iberoporus .
Nemopoda is a genus of flies belonging to the family Sepsidae .
Flabellipecten is a genus of large scallops or saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae , the scallops .
Miodytiscus hirtipes is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Miodytiscus .
Picrodendron is a genus of plant belonging to the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1859 .
Tetroncium is a genus of plants in the Juncaginaceae described as a genus in 1808 .
The Tent - web spiders ( genus Cyrtophora ) , although technically orb - web spiders ( family Araneidae ) , do not build orb webs .
Anguispira is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Discidae , the disk snails .
Bolle 's pigeon ( Columba bollii ) is a species of the genus Columba of family Columbidae , doves and pigeons , endemic to the Canary Islands , Spain .
Parambassis is a genus of freshwater fish in the Asiatic glassfish family Ambassidae of order Perciformes .
Trochotoma is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurotomariidae , the slit snails .
Periophthalmus novemradiatus , Pearse 's mudskipper , is a species of mudskippers native to marine and brackish waters along the coasts of India .
Zemacies is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae
The European rabbit or common rabbit ( Oryctolagus cuniculus ) is a species of rabbit native to southwestern Europe ( Spain and Portugal ) and northwest Africa ( Morocco and Algeria ) .
Wahoo ( Acanthocybium solandri ) is a scombrid fish found worldwide in tropical and subtropical seas .
Laguncularia is a genus of plants in the family Combretaceae , with 10 species :
Truncocolumella is a genus of fungi in the family Suillaceae , of the order Boletales .
Blancocamelus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae , endemic to North America during the Pliocene through Pleistocene 4.9 mya--300,000 years ago , existing for approximately 4.6 million years .
The Appalachian azure ( Celastrina neglectamajor ) is a butterfly in the gossamer wings family Lycaenidae .
Loxosporopsis is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Pertusariaceae family .
Octosquid is the name given to what appears to be a new species of the genus Mastigoteuthis which was discovered at a depth of 3,000 feet ( 910 m ) off the Hawaiian Islands in the summer of 2007 .
Anacardium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Anacardiaceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas .
Meller 's mongoose ( Rhynchogale melleri ) is a species of mongoose .
The Mauritius night heron ( Nycticorax mauritianus ) is an extinct night heron species from Mauritius .
Uncites is an extinct genus of Brachiopods in the family Uncitidae .
The Nicaraguan slider ( Trachemys emolli ) is a species of turtle found in Nicaragua and Costa Rica .
Myoida is an order of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the subclass Heterodonta .
Bletia is a genus of about 30 species of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) , almost all of which are terrestrial ; some are occasionally lithophytic or epiphytic .
The Russian bitterling ( Acheilognathus asmussii ) , or spiny bitterling , is a temperate freshwater fish belonging to the Acheilognathinae sub - family of the Cyprinidae family .
Bedriaga 's fringe - fingered lizard ( Acanthodactylus bedriagai ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
The Rodrigues solitaire ( Pezophaps solitaria ) is an extinct , flightless bird that was endemic to the island of Rodrigues , east of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean .
Karin Hills frog ( Brachytarsophrys ) is a genus of the Megophryidae family in the order Anura , and are found in southern China , Myanmar , northern Thailand and northern Vietnam .
Melanolestes is a Nearctic and Neotropical genus of assassin bugs ( Reduviidae ) .
Capnophyllum africanum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , the only member of the genus Capnophyllum .
Watson 's climbing rat ( Tylomys watsoni ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Japanese giant salamander ( Andrias japonicus ) is endemic to Japan , where it is known as Ōsanshōuo ( オオサンショウウオ/大山椒魚 ) , literally meaning `` giant pepper fish '' .
Przewalski 's gerbil , Brachiones przewalskii , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Euglossa is a genus of orchid bees ( Euglossini ) .
Diastylis is a genus of crustaceans which belong to the family Diastylidae .
Lianema tenuicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Lianema .
Rilaena is a genus of the harvestman family Phalangiidae .
Lactifluus volemus , formerly known as Lactarius volemus , is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae .
The Karpathos frog ( Pelophylax cerigensis ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
The Natranaerobiales are an order of bacteria placed within the class Clostridia .
The Zimmer 's tapaculo ( Scytalopus zimmeri ) is a species of passerine bird in the Rhinocryptidae family .
The Jamaican becard ( Pachyramphus niger ) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae .
Cryptobias coccineus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cryptobias .
Thaumeledone is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae found in deep waters in the Southern Hemisphere .
The Tasmanian masked owl ( Tyto novaehollandiae castanops ) is a bird in the barn owl family Tytonidae that is endemic to the island state of Tasmania , Australia .
Anteon is the largest genus in the subfamily Anteoninae of the family Dryinidae .
The Santa Marta woodstar ( Chaetocercus astreans ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
The Pacific gull ( Larus pacificus ) is a very large gull , native to the coasts of Australia .
The Olaʻa banana hedyleptan moth ( Omiodes euryprora ) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family .
The Palau ground dove ( Gallicolumba canifrons ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Cytora is a genus of very small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Pupinidae .
Plagiaulacidae is a family of fossil mammals within the order Multituberculata .
The Réunion pink pigeon ( Nesoenas duboisi , but see below ) is an extinct species of pigeon that formerly lived on the Mascarene island of Réunion .
Rickett 's big - footed bat ( Myotis pilosus ) is a species of vesper bat .
The Ceylon tree nymph or Ceylon tree - nymph ( Idea iasonia ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
Orobus is an old genus of Fabaceae family , which is now divided in the following genera :
Hemipsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the infraorder Psocetae .
Goethea is a genus of plants of the family Malvaceae , commonly placed instead in the genus Pavonia .
Sarcaulus is a genus of plants in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1882 .
The Tasmanian codling , Eeyorius hutchinsi , is a species of morid cod only known from the waters around Tasmania and the Australian states of Western Australia and Victoria .
Gunning 's golden mole ( Neamblysomus gunningi ) is a small mammal endemic to South Africa .
Betula fruticosa ( Chinese : 柴桦 ; pinyin : chai hua ) is a species of dwarf birch that grows in central and eastern Europe ( except for Finland where it grows rare ) and Siberia and Mongolia on elevation of 600 - -1,100 metres ( 2,000 - -3,600 ft ) in forests , streambanks , and swamps .
Miller 's snail , scientific name Cochliopina milleri , is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae , the mud snails .
Horaga is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae which Eliot , 1973 , places in the tribe Horagini of the Sub - Family Theclinae .
Brontolaemus is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae that is found only in the Hawaiian Islands .
D'Anchieta 's fruit bat ( Plerotes anchietae ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Tubuliporina is a bryozoan suborder in the order Cyclostomatida .
Spondylidini is a tribe of beetles in the family Spondylidinae , containing the following genera and species :
In taxonomy , Pseudocodium is a genus of green algae , of the family Pseudocodiaceae .
The Moroccan worm lizard ( Blanus mettetali ) is a species of reptile in the Blanidae family .
Montcellia is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Urocordylidae that lived in the late Carboniferous period in the modern France .
Mikhail A. Fedonkin places Ovatoscutum in the extinct bilaterian phylum Proarticulata .
Cannomois is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1828 .
Ctenobrycon is a genus of fish of the family Characidae found in tropical South America , with five currently recognized species in this genus .
Goodmania is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae containing the single species Goodmania luteola .
Monotherium is an extinct genus of phocid belonging to the subfamily Monachinae .
The Indian eyed turtle ( Morenia petersi ) is a species of turtle found in northeastern India ( as far west as Bihar ) and Bangladesh .
Daphniidae is a family of water fleas in the sub - order Anomopoda .
The Smooth alligatorfish ( Anoplagonus inermis , also known as the Smooth poacher or the Smooth sea - poacher ) is a fish in the family Agonidae ( poachers ) .
Scaloposauria and Silpholestidae are no longer regarded as valid groups , and Ictidodraco is now classified as a basal member of the clade Baurioidea .
Austrotrochaclis is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ataphridae , the false top snails .
Dombeyoideae are a subfamily of the Malvaceae in the wide circumscription , as proposed by the APG .
Ziegler 's water rat ( Hydromys ziegleri ) discovered in the mid-2000s by science , is a species of rodent native to the mountains Papua New Guinea of which little is known .
The Mediterranean sand smelt , Atherina hepsetus , is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family .
The Java loach ( Pangio oblonga ) is a species of tropical freshwater fish , an unbanded kuhli loach , native to the sandy streams of Southeast Asia .
Tongeia is a Palearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found in temperate East Asia genus . Most species are endemic to China and many taxa ( species ) are recently described from China . The best known species is the more widely distributed Tongeia fischeri ( Eversmann , 1843 ) .
The Andaman crake ( Rallina canningi ) is a bird species in the family Rallidae .
Protomallocera hilairei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Protomallocera .
The Sulawesi cuckoo ( Cuculus crassirostris ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Philornis is a genus of around 50 species of fly ( Diptera , Muscidae ) from Central and South America .
The Aphrodite fritillary ( Speyeria aphrodite ) is a fritillary butterfly , from North America .
Pythonichthys is a genus of eels of the family Heterenchelyidae that occur in tropical waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean off of Panama and in the Atlantic Ocean near the Caribbean Sea and the west coast of Africa .
The Sierra Madre sparrow ( Xenospiza baileyi ) , also known as Bailey 's sparrow , is an endangered , range - restricted , enigmatic American sparrow .
Philippen 's striped turtle , `` Ocadia '' philippeni , has recently shown to be an intergeneric hybrid ( Stuart & Parham , 2006 ) between a male Mauremys sinensis and a female Cuora trifasciata .
The Panamanian night monkey or Chocoan night monkey ( Aotus zonalis ) is a species of night monkey formerly considered a subspecies of the gray - bellied night monkey of the family Aotidae .
The Nile monitor ( Varanus niloticus ) is a large member of the monitor lizard family ( Varanidae ) found throughout much of Africa but absent from the west where it is replaced by Varanus stellatus .
Rhopalostyla virgata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Rhopalostyla .
Otoceratina is an extinct suborder of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass in the order Ceratitida .
Semotilus is the genus of creek chubs , ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Windowpane flounder ( Scophthalmus aquosus ) is a fish species in the family Scophthalmidae .
Winkelmann 's mouse ( Peromyscus winkelmanni ) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae found only in Mexico , and is named for John R. Winkelmann , who collected the first specimens .
Aeolodermus emarginatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Aeolodermus .
The Ryukyu kingfisher ( Todiramphus miyakoensis ) is an enigmatic taxon of tree kingfisher .
Atelecyclidae is a family of crabs belonging to the Cancroidea superfamily , and currently contains eight genera of which two are extinct .
Triuridales was an order of flower plants that was used in the well - known Cronquist system , in the subclass Alismatidae , with this circumscription : order Triuridales family Petrosaviaceae family Triuridaceae The APG II system leaves the first of these two families unassigned in the clade monocots while the second is moved to order Pandanales .
Micropolycesta sirgueyi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Micropolycesta .
Diastylidae is one of the eight most commonly recognised families of crustaceans of the order Cumacea .
The bellowfishes or bellowsfishes are fishes in the genus Notopogon in the family Centriscidae .
Geocrinia is a genus of frogs in the family Myobatrachidae .
However , Spathicephalus shares several anatomical features with a family of stem tetrapods called Baphetidae , leading most paleontologists who have studied the genus to place it within a larger group called Baphetoidea , often as part of its own monotypic family Spathicephalidae .
The Bougainville monarch ( Monarcha erythrostictus ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Bolam 's mouse ( Pseudomys bolami ) is a species of nocturnal , burrowing rodent in the family Muridae that inhabits the semi arid and southern arid regions of Australia .
The Indian flying frog , Pterorana khare , is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Lilioceris is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family , Chrysomelidae .
Libytheana is a genus of nymphalid butterflies in the snout butterfly subfamily Libytheinae .
Necydalopsis trizonatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Necydalopsis .
The Mentawai long - tailed giant rat ( Leopoldamys siporanus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Hammatoceras is included in the subfamily Hammatoceratinae , which in the outdated 1957 Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology was part of the Hammatoceratidae , but of the Phymatoceratidae in D.T. Donovan et al .
Hubbard 's sportive lemur ( Lepilemur hubbardorum ) , or the Zombitse sportive lemur , is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
The Eurasian collared dove ( Streptopelia decaocto ) , most often simply called the collared dove , also sometimes hyphenated as Eurasian collared - dove , is a species of dove native to warm temperate and subtropical Asia , and introduced in North America in 1980s .
Elkhorn coral ( Acropora palmata ) is considered to be one of the most important reef - building corals in the Caribbean .
Alphaproteobacteria is a class of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria ( See also bacterial taxonomy ) .
The Simoceratinae is a subfamily in the Aspidoceratidae , a family of ammonites in the Perisphinctaceae , that lived during most of the Late Jurassic , especially in the Pacific and Tethyan realms .
The Larut Hills rice frog ( Microhyla annectens ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
The Brazilian red and white tarantula ( Nhandu chromatus ) is a tarantula species that is native to Brazil .
Diretmoides pauciradiatus ( Woods , 1973 ) ( Longwing spinyfin ) Diretmoides veriginae Kotlyar , 1987
Eubacterium could be either a Gram - positive or Gram - negative bacteria genus in the family Eubacteriaceae .
The Neretvan nase or Dalmatian nase ( Chondrostoma knerii ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Dendrophryniscus is a genus of true toads in the family Bufonidae endemic to the atlantic forests of Brazil , Amazonian Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and the Guianas .
Rothschild 's woolly rat ( Mallomys rothschildi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Picrodendreae is a tribe of plants under the family Picrodendraceae .
The Samoan whistler ( Pachycephala flavifrons ) , also known as the yellow - fronted whistler , is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family .
Potamagonum julianae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Potamagonum .
( 2013 ) assigned Sisteronia to Platypterygiinae as it possesses several synapomorphies of this clade and lacks the synapomorphies of ophthalmosaurine ophthalmosaurids .
Zodion is a large genus of flies from the family Conopidae .
The Sternorrhyncha suborder of the Hemiptera contains the aphids , whiteflies , and scale insects , groups which were traditionally included in the order Homoptera .
Duthie 's golden mole ( Chlorotalpa duthieae ) is a species of mammal in the family Chrysochloridae .
Ichthyophis moustakius , the Manipur moustached caecilian , is a species of caecilian found in India .
Sciocoris is a genus of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae , subfamily Pentatominae .
Amoreuxia is a genus of flowering plants in the achiote family , Bixaceae .
Pilsbryspira is a genus of small predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae , the turrids .
The New Caledonian ground dove ( Gallicolumba longitarsus ) is a large , extinct species of ground dove in the pigeon family , and the largest member of its genus .
Yellow - edged lyretail is the common name for the species Variola louti .
Corynocarpus is the only genus of plants in the family Corynocarpaceae .
The Maghreb lark ( Galerida macrorhyncha ) is a species of bird in the lark family Alaudidae native to North Africa .
Bruun 's cutthroat eel , Histiobranchus bruuni , is a cutthroat eel of the genus Histiobranchus , found around New Zealand at the bottom of the deep ocean basin at depths of between 4,000 and 5,000 m. Their length is between 40 and 60 cm .
Loxodontomys is a genus of South American rodents in the tribe Phyllotini of family Cricetidae .
The Madagascar skate ( Dipturus crosnieri ) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family .
The Philippine bulbul ( Hypsipetes philippinus ) is a songbird species in the bulbul family ( Pycnonotidae ) .
The Cocle salamander or Cocle mushroomtongue salamander ( Bolitoglossa schizodactyla ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Trichodon trichodon , the Pacific sandfish is a species of sandfish that is native to the Pacific coast of North America , from San Francisco Bay to Unimak Island , in the Aleutian chain .
Geodena is a genus of moth from the family Geometridae .
Lottioidea is a superfamily of sea snails or limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Patellogastropoda , the true limpets .
Established species include five extinct species : † Crocodylus anthropophagus is an extinct crocodile from Plio - Pleistocene of Tanzania .
Hystricosphodrus vailatii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Hystricosphodrus .
Orchestia is a genus of amphipods in the family Talitridae , containing the following species :
Spanioceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus belonging to the order Oncocerida , which is thought to have given rise to the Nautilida which includes the living Nautilus .
Platyceras is a genus of extinct Paleozoic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Platyceratidae .
Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description , taxonomy , phylogeny , and nomenclature Thryallis Galphimia Anderson , C. 2007 .
Bourgueticrinida has traditionally been viewed as an order of Articulata and a sister taxon to the order Comatulida , the feather stars .
Jiangjunosaurus was placed in the Stegosauridae in 2007 .
Pycnotomina cavicolle is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Pycnotomina .
The Itombwe flycatcher ( Muscicapa itombwensis ) is a bird species in the Old World flycatcher family ( Muscicapidae ) .
The Mauritian flying fox ( Pteropus niger ) , also known as Greater Mascarene flying fox or Mauritius fruit bat is a large megabat species endemic to Mauritius and La Réunion .
The Cinderella waxbill ( Estrilda thomensis ) is a near - threatened species of estrildid finch found in drier regions of south - western Angola around Namibe Province , north and east to south - west Huila Province and north to Fazenda do Cuito in Huambo and extreme north - western Namibia .
The Tasmanian whitebait or Derwent whitebait ( Lovettia sealii ) is an osmeriform fish of the family Galaxiidae , found only in Tasmania , Australia .
Abatocera is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae , containing the following species : subgenus Abatocera Abatocera arnaudi Rigout , 1987 Abatocera irregularis Vollenhoven , 1871 Abatocera leonina ( Thomson , 1865 ) subgenus Sternobatocera Abatocera keyensis Breuning , 1943 Abatocera subirregularis Breuning , 1954
De Winton 's long - eared bat ( Laephotis wintoni ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Sextonia is a neotropical genus of plants in the Lauraceae family , native to South America .
The subclass Heterobranchia now contains the species which previously were assigned to Opisthobranchia plus the Pulmonata .
The Thinlip conger ( Gnathophis mystax , also known as the Blacktailed conger ) is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger / garden eels ) .
Achaetocephala atrata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Achaetocephala .
Thricops is a genus of true flies of the family Muscidae .
Boraginoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Boraginaceae , as that family is defined in the APG III system of classification for flowering plants .
Capsus is a genus of mirid bugs belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Mirinae .
Kribi killi ( Fundulopanchax fallax ) is a species of African killifish that mainly inhabit swamps and turbid parts of brooks in the coastal rainforest .
Bathysauropsis is the only genus in the lizard greeneye family , Bathysauropsidae .
They named the clade containing these two dinosaurs the Proceratosauridae , defined as all theropods closer to Proceratosaurus than to Tyrannosaurus , Allosaurus , Compsognathus , Coelurus , Ornithomimus , or Deinonychus .
The Sierra Madre shrew mouse ( Archboldomys musseri ) is a species of mammal from the Philippines .
Phylogenetic analyses published in 2007 and 2011 placed Histriasaurus as the most basal member of Rebbachisauridae .
The Brazilian radiolated swamp turtle ( Acanthochelys radiolata ) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family endemic to Brazil .
Lopha is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Ostreidae .
Lewesiceras is a genus of large ammonites belonging to the order Ammonitida family Pachydiscidae .
Nertera is a genus of about 15 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae , native to the Southern Hemisphere , in South America and Australasia , with one species extending into the Northern Hemisphere in Central America , eastern Asia , and Hawaii .
Vachellia prasinata ( Acacia prasinata ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Chris Brochu agreed with the assessment that Crocodylia as a name has never had stable contents , and that a series of clades larger than the crown group Crocodylia ( including Crocodyliformes and the slightly more inclusive clade Crocodylomorpha ) was a good solution .
Des Murs 's wiretail ( Sylviorthorhynchus desmursii ) is a small passerine bird of southern South America which belongs to the ovenbird family Furnariidae .
Trogolegnum is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species , Trogolegnum pseudambulyx , which is known from Mexico .
Vultocinus anfractus is a species of crab , the only species in the family Vultocinidae .
The Tepui goldenthroat ( Polytmus milleri ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Neritodryas is a genus of freshwater snails , ( some of which are amphibious and terrestrial ) ; they are gastropod mollusks in the family Neritidae , the nerites .
The Abyssinian owl or African long - eared owl ( Asio abyssinicus ) is a medium - sized true owl .
The Socorro springsnail , scientific name Pyrgulopsis neomexicana , is an endangered species of minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae , the mud snails .
The Mindanao pygmy fruit bat ( Alionycteris paucidentata ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Eriogonum is the scientific name for a genus of flowering plants in the family Polygonaceae .
Diaprepes is a genus of weevil belonging to the family Curculionidae .
Tenagomysis is a genus of mysid shrimps in the family Mysidae , containing the following species :
Jaagiella is a genus of green algae , in the family Chaetophoraceae .
Giraffids are represented in the late Miocene of the Siwaliks by large Sivatheriinae such as Sivatherium , Bramatherium , Helladotherium , and Hydaspitherium .
Calathosoma rubromarginatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Calathosoma .
Epophthalmia a genus of dragonflies in the family Macromiidae .
Roesel 's bush - cricket ( Metrioptera roeselii ) is a European bush - cricket , named after August Johann Rösel von Rosenhof , a German entomologist .
`` New Species and global revision of Hippasteria ( Hippasterinae : Goniasteridae ; Asteroidea ; Echinodermata ) '' .
Ulaikoilia jelineki is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Ulaikoilia .
One unique feature of the Acaciella angustissima is that it is thornless unlike most members of the genus Acacia ( which it formerly belonged to ) .
Collabieae is a tribe in the subfamily Epidendroideae .
Amphimasoreus amaroides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Amphimasoreus .
The Baja pocket mouse ( Chaetodipus rudinoris ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
Acteoninoidea is an extinct superfamily of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda .
The Machu Picchu arboreal chinchilla rat , ( Cuscomys oblativus ) , is a large species of South American chinchilla rats , known from skeletal remains found by members of the Peruvian Expedition of 1912 .
The Alaskan hare ( Lepus othus ) , also known as the tundra hare , is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae .
The genus Zaprionus belongs to the family fruit fly Drosophilidae and is positioned within the paraphyletic genus Drosophila .
Leiobunum is a genus of the harvestman family Sclerosomatidae with more than a hundred described species .
The Fairbanks springsnail , scientific name Pyrgulopsis fairbanksensis , is a species of minute freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae .
Schultz 's pipefish , Corythoichthys schultzi , is a pipefish of the family Syngnathidae .
Labeoninae is a doubtfully distinct subfamily of ray - finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae of order Cypriniformes .
The Siberian rubythroat ( Luscinia calliope ) is a small passerine bird that was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family , Turdidae , but is now more generally considered to be an Old World flycatcher of the family Muscicapidae .
The Surinam horned frog ( Ceratophrys cornuta ) , also known as Amazonian horned frog , is a bulky frog measuring up to 20 centimetres ( 7.9 in ) found in the northern part of South America .
The São Paulo marsh antwren ( Formicivora paludicola ) , or São Paulo antwren , is a species of bird in the antbird family .
Plucheeae , sometimes also spelt as Plucheae , is a tribe of flowering plants in the subfamily Asteroideae .
The Assam leaf turtle ( Cyclemys gemeli ) is a species of Asian leaf turtle found in Northeastern India and Bangladesh .
Pseudosilvanus distinctus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae , the only species in the genus Pseudosilvanus .
The Citrine forktail , Ischnura hastata , is a damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae .
Selliguea is a fern genus in the family Polypodiaceae .
The sole species is Sequencia serrata ( originally Brocchinia serrata ) , endemic to the Vaupés region of Colombia .
The Brewer 's blackbird ( Euphagus cyanocephalus ) is a medium - sized New World blackbird .
Balistoides conspicillum ( Bloch & J. G. Schneider , 1801 ) ( Clown triggerfish ) Balistoides viridescens ( Bloch & J. G. Schneider , 1801 ) ( Titan triggerfish )
The Spanish toothcarp ( Aphanius iberus ) , also known as the Spanish pupfish or Iberian killifish , is a small , endemic species of fish in the family Cyprinodontidae .
Maripanus quadrimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Maripanus .
Heteroceras is a Lower Cretaceous heteromorph ammonite belonging to the ancyloceratacian family , Heteroceratidae , characterized by a helically coiled juvenile shell at the apex followed by slightly curved adult shaft , with a J - shaped section at the end of it .
The Cape dwarf chameleon ( Bradypodion pumilum ) , is a chameleon native to the South African province of the Western Cape , where it is restricted to the region around Cape Town .
Hercoceras is a trochoidally coiled nautiloid cephalopod placed in the nautilid family Rutoceratidae .
The Shasta salamander ( Hydromantes shastae ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Lichnasthenus armiventris is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Lichnasthenus .
Pseudananas is a monotypic genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Bromelioideae .
The Venezuelan parakeet ( Pyrrhura emma ) is a bird in the Psittacidae family of parrots .
Hancockia is a genus of the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
Dimorphoreicheia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species which are endemic to Sardinia Dimorphoreicheia relicta Magrini , 2004 Dimorphoreicheia vannii Magrini , Fancello & Leo , 2002
Hymenasplenium is one of three genera of ferns in the Aspleniaceae ( spleenwort family ) , in the eupolypods II clade of the order Polypodiales .
Trixis is a genus of shrubs in the aster family , Asteraceae , native to North and South America including the West Indies .
Phylogenetic analyses of DNA data have shown that Volvopluteus is closely related to Pluteus and both genera currently are classified in the family Pluteaceae , while Volvariella is not closely related to either genus and its position in the Agaricales is still uncertain .
Cinchonopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae containing the single species Cinchonopsis amazonica .
Desertiguana is an extinct genus of lizard in the family Phrynosomatidae .
Stephanitidae is an extinct family of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite superfamily Noritaceae .
The Lumbricidae are a family of earthworms which includes most of the earthworm species well - known to Europeans .
Cladistic analysis carried out by Coria and Currie definitively showed that Mapusaurus is nested within the clade Carcharodontosauridae .
Praslin 's caecilian , Praslinia cooperi , is a species of caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae .
Spondianthus is a genus of plant , in the family Phyllanthaceae and is the only genus comprised in the subtribe Spondianthinae .
Soil - borne wheat mosaic virus is part of the Furovirus genus .
Phylogenetically Aphroditeola is classified in the Agaricales near the Hygrophoraceae .
Camptophallus botti is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae , and the only species in the genus Camptophallus .
Proserpinidae is a taxonomic family of small land snails with an operculum , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicinoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Piezura is a small genus of small flies of the family Fanniidae .
The Pima River rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia pimanensis ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
Trachypachus is a genus in the family Trachypachidae that contains four described species .
Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description , taxonomy , phylogeny , and nomenclature Rhynchophora Anderson , W. R. 2001 .
Cycas is the type genus and the only genus recognised in the family Cycadaceae .
Basellaceae is a family of flowering plants , in the order Caryophyllales in the clade core eudicots , according to the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group .
The Salina mucket , scientific name Potamilus metnecktayi , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
The Camouflage grouper ( Epinephelus polyphekadion ) is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae .
Aputrechisibus dubius is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Aputrechisibus .
Viticoideae is one of seven subfamilies in the sage family , Lamiaceae .
The Papaloapan chub ( Notropis moralesi ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Deltistes is a genus of North American ray - finned fish in the Catostomidae family .
Callionymus enneactis , the Mangrove dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean at depths down to 15 metres ( 49 ft ) .
Paraancylotela amplidorsa is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Paraancylotela .
Barbourofelidae is an extinct family of mammalian carnivores of the suborder Feliformia that lived in North America , Eurasia and Africa during the Miocene epoch ( 16.9 - -9.0 Ma ) and existed for about 7.9 million years .
The Venus comb murex , scientific name Murex pecten , is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
The Mindanao miniature babbler ( Micromacronus sordidus ) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae .
Turritopsis is a genus of Anthomedusae jellyfish in the family Oceaniidae .
The numbfishes are a group of electric rays ( order Torpediniformes ) in the family Narcinidae .
Rhipidistia formerly referred to a subgroup of Sarcopterygii consisting of the Porolepiformes and Osteolepiformes , a definition that is now obsolete .
Platyclymeniidae is a family of ammonites belonging to the order Clymeniida .
Meyrick 's banana hedyleptan moth ( Omiodes meyrickii ) is a species of moth in the Pyralidae family .
The Cape Verde storm petrel ( Oceanodroma jabejabe ) is an oceangoing bird found in the Atlantic Ocean , especially around the islands of Cape Verde .
Afagrilaxia natalensis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Afagrilaxia .
Acanthophractida is `` an order of marine protozoans in the subclass Acantharia ; skeleton includes a latticework shell and skeletal rods '' .
Trematosuchus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae from South African .
Adrianitinae is a subfamily of the Adrianitidae which is part of the goniatitid superfamily Adrianitaceae .
Mesobia is a genus of very small freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae .
Cyprinion is a genus of ray - finned fish in the family Cyprinidae .
Bukiniczia cabulica is a plant in the plumbago or leadwort family ( Plumbaginaceae ) , and the sole species in the monotypic genus Bukiniczia .
The Witu forest tree frog , Leptopelis concolor , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Kenya , Somalia , and Tanzania .
Vitreobalcis is a genus of very small ectoparasitic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Eulimidae family .
These features suggest that Jiyuanitectum belongs to the family Bystrowianidae .
Cupuaçu ( Theobroma grandiflorum ) , also spelled cupuassu , cupuazú , cupu assu , and copoasu , is a tropical rainforest tree related to cacao .
Macraucheniidae is a family in the Litopterna order of extinct South American ungulates , an animal with similarities to the camel and rhinoceros .
Tolus is a genus of harvestman in family Phalangodidae with the sole described species Tolus appalachius .
Ommatochila has previously been classified in the Phytometrinae subfamily within Erebidae or in the Acontiinae subfamily of the Noctuidae family .
Darwin 's rhea ( Rhea pennata ) , also known as the lesser rhea , is a large flightless bird , but the smaller of the two extant species of rheas .
The New Caledonian whistler ( Pachycephala caledonica ) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family .
The Bermuda petrel ( Pterodroma cahow ) is a gadfly petrel .
The Mexican prairie dog ( Cynomys mexicanus ) is a diurnal burrowing rodent native to Mexico .
Harleyodendron unifoliolatum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Melarhaphe is a monotypic genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
Codringtonia is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Labyrinthoceras is an extinct cephalopod genus included in the ammonoid family Sphaeroceratidae , a member of the superfamily Stephanoceratoidea , that lived during middle of the Jurassic Period .
Durum wheat , pasta wheat or macaroni wheat ( Triticum durum or Triticum turgidum subsp . durum ) is the only tetraploid species of wheat of commercial importance that is widely cultivated today .
Cyathocrinitidae is an extinct family of crinoids belonging to the order Cladida .
In 1874 , the British geologist Harry G. Seeley , based on this finding , which is now known as the holotype of the family Rhomaleosauridae , recognized and erected a new genus establishing Rhomaleosaurus .
Antrodiaetidae is a small spider family , known as folding trapdoor spiders .
Africephala timaea is a moth of the Gracillariidae family .
The African golden wolf ( Canis anthus ) , also known as the African wolf or thoa , is a canid native to north and northeastern Africa .
Euryopis is a spider genus in the family Theridiidae , the tangle - web spiders .
Ramusculus is a monotypic genus of air - breathing land snails , gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae .
Bulbonaricus brauni ( C. E. Dawson & G. R. Allen , 1978 ) ( Pugheaded pipefish ) Bulbonaricus brucei C. E. Dawson , 1984 Bulbonaricus davaoensis ( Herald , 1953 ) ( Davao pughead pipefish )
Odontiinae is a subfamily of moths of the Crambidae family .
Malva vein clearing virus also known as MVCV is a species of Potyvirus in the family Potyviridae that was isolated in 1957 from Malva sylvestris in Germany which is transmitted by the aphids Aphis umbrella and Myzus persicae .
The Christmas toad ( Bufo espinuloso ) is a species of true toad .
Molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Calciphilopteris is the most basal clade in the subfamily Cheilanthoideae .
Leidyula is a genus of slugs in the family Veronicellidae , the leatherleaf slugs .
The Aspleniaceae ( spleenworts ) is a family of ferns , included in the order Polypodiales or in some classifications as the only family in the order Aspleniales .
Gammaherpesvirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the order Herpesvirales , in the family Herpesviridae .
Conaliamorpha lutea is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Conaliamorpha .
The Alabama spike , scientific name Elliptio arca , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Gymnostoma is a genus of about eighteen species of trees and shrubs , constituting one of the four genera of the plant family Casuarinaceae .
Goldfin tinfoil barb ( Hypsibarbus malcolmi ) is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in Southeast Asia .
Titanoceras is placed in the Grypoceratidae , a family of similar genera within the Nautilida .
Under this categorization , Sagmatias , Cephalorhynchus and Lissodelphis form the subfamily Lissodelphininae within the dolphin family , Delphinidae .
Achatinella taeniolata , an O'ahu tree snail , is a species of colorful , tropical , tree - living , air - breathing land snail , an arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
Calamoecia is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae confined to Australasia .
However , Michael Benton ( 2000 , 2004 ) makes the anthracosaurs a paraphyletic order within the superorder Reptiliomorpha , along with the orders Seymouriamorpha and Diadectomorpha , thus making the Anthracosaurians the `` lower '' reptile - like amphibians .
The Slender silver - biddy ( Gerres oblongus ) is a species of mojarra native to marine and brackish waters of coastal waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean , far towards Vanuatu .
The Mexican yellow grosbeak ( or simply yellow grosbeak ) , Pheucticus chrysopeplus , is a medium - sized seed - eating bird in the same family as the northern cardinal , `` tropical '' or `` New World '' buntings , and `` cardinal - grosbeaks '' or `` New World '' grosbeaks .
Tartarocreagris is a genus of pseudoscorpions in the family Neobisiidae .
Raffray 's sheath - tailed bat ( Emballonura raffrayana ) is a species of sac - winged bat in the family Emballonuridae .
Milton 's titi monkey ( Callicebus miltoni ) , named after the Brazilian primatologist Milton Thiago de Mello , is a species of titi , a type of New World monkey , from southern Amazon rainforest , Brazil .
Dromomeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Palaeomerycidae , endemic to North America .
Litsea is a genus of evergreen or deciduous trees or shrubs belonging to the Laurel family , Lauraceae .
The Ja slit - faced bat ( Nycteris major ) is a species of slit - faced bat that lives in the tropical and subtropical forests of Africa .
The Thekla lark ( Galerida theklae ) breeds on the Iberian peninsula , in northern Africa , and sub - Saharan Africa from Senegal to Somalia .
Noroviruses ( NoV ) are a genetically diverse group of single - stranded positive - sense RNA , non - enveloped viruses belonging to the Caliciviridae family .
The Amami thrush ( Zoothera dauma major ) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae .
Asplenium is a genus of about 700 species of ferns , often treated as the only genus in the family Aspleniaceae , though other authors consider Hymenasplenium separate , based on molecular phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences , a different chromosome count , and structural differences in the rhizomes .
Durikainema is a genus of two nematodes in the family Robertdollfusidae .
Antidesma is a genus of tropical plant in the Phyllanthaceae formally described by Linnaeus in 1753 .
The Wyoming pocket gopher ( Thomomys clusius ) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
The Arizona toad ( Anaxyrus microscaphus ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Genea ( derived from the Greek word γενεά , meaning `` descent '' ) is a genus of truffle - like fungi in the family Pyronemataceae .
Ptychites is an extinct genus of cephalopods belonging to the family Ptychitidae .
Dabry 's sturgeon ( Acipenser dabryanus ) is a species of fish in the sturgeon family , Acipenseridae .
Deroxena is a genus of moth in the Gelechioidea subfamily Autostichinae , which is either placed in the Oecophoridae or in an expanded Autostichidae .
Halocarpus is a genus of conifers belonging to the Podocarp family Podocarpaceae .
Ecdyonurus is a genus of mayflies of the Heptageniidae family .
Franciscodendron is a monotypic genus in the Sterculioideae subfamily ( previously Sterculiaceae ) within the family Malvaceae .
Mugilogobius sarasinorum , Sarasin 's goby , is a species of goby endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi , Indonesia .
The Californian conger ( Paraconger californiensis ) , also known as the ringeye conger , is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger / garden eels ) .
Monanthotaxis is a Afrotropical plant genus with some 56 species , belonging to the Annonaceae .
The Biak monarch ( Symposiachrus brehmii ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Acidocroton is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described with this name in 1859 .
Odontostomidae is a taxonomic family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Orthalicoidea .
Kzylordyina obscura is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Kzylordyina .
The Coastal Range newt ( Taricha torosa torosa ) is a subspecies of the California newt ( Taricha torosa ) .
Retusa is a genus of very small head - shield sea snails or barrel - bubble snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Retusidae .
Scolodontidae is a taxonomic family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonategastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rhytidoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The European turtle dove ( Streptopelia turtur ) is a member of the bird family Columbidae , the doves and pigeons .
The Somali bee - eater ( Merops revoilii ) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family .
Thomas 's sac - winged bat ( Balantiopteryx io ) is a species of sac - winged bat in the family Emballonuridae .
Xenophrys is a genus of amphibians in the Megophryidae family .
Mysidopsis is a genus of mysid shrimps in the family Mysidae .
The Sumatran rhinoceros , also known as hairy rhinoceros or Asian two - horned rhinoceros ( Dicerorhinus sumatrensis ) , is a rare member of the family Rhinocerotidae and one of five extant rhinoceroses .
Sclater 's lark ( Spizocorys sclateri ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
Listonella is a genus of Gram - negative marine bacteria in the family Vibrionaceae named after the American microbiologist J. Liston .
The Cimicomorpha comprise an infraorder of the Heteroptera .
The Abd al - Kuri sparrow ( Passer hemileucus ) is a passerine bird endemic to the small island of Abd al Kuri ( also spelled several other ways ) in the Socotra archiplago of the Indian Ocean , off the Horn of Africa .
The MacArthur 's shrew ( Crocidura macarthuri ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Plains leopard frog ( Rana blairi ) It is sometimes referred to as Blair 's leopard frog , named after the noted zoologist and University of Texas professor , Dr. W. Frank Blair .
Metaxanthops acutus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Metaxanthops .
Phasca is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family J.R. Tephritidae .
The Carpenter 's flasher wrasse , Paracheilinus carpenteri , is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean .
Demansia is a genus of snake of the family Elapidae ; members of the genus are commonly known as whip snakes .
Epinotia is a very large genus of tortrix moths ( family Tortricidae ) .
The Alligatorfish ( Aspidophoroides monopterygius , also known commonly as the Aleutian alligatorfish and the Atlantic alligatorfish ) is a fish in the family Agonidae ( poachers ) .
Palaeoechinastacus is the earliest body fossil from the family Parastacidae , and the earliest crayfish from Gondwana .
Heterophyllaea is a genus of three species of shrubs in the family Rubiaceae , native to Bolivia and Argentina .
Haplothismia is a genus of myco - heterotrophic plants in family Burmanniaceae , first described as a genus in 1952 .
Family Ceratopsidae Subfamily Chasmosaurinae Agujaceratops - ( Texas , USA ) Anchiceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Arrhinoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Bravoceratops - ( Texas , USA ) Chasmosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Coahuilaceratops - ( Coahuila , Mexico ) ?
Torovirinae is one of two subfamilies of enveloped , positive - stranded RNA viruses in the family Coronaviridae in the order Nidovirales .
Puperita is a genus of snails , gastropod mollusks in the family Neritidae .
Tristram 's bunting ( Emberiza tristrami ) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family .
Callianassa is a genus of mud shrimps , in the family Callianassidae .
Oryza is situated in tribe Oryzeae , which is characterized morphologically by its single - flowered spikelets whose glumes are almost completely suppressed .
Actinoptilum is a genus of sea pens in the family Echinoptilidae , containing the single species :
Protoscalidion rugia is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Protoscalidion .
Clinothelphusa kakoota is a species of crab in the family Parathelphusidae , which is endemic to Sri Lanka .
Aspatharia is a genus of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Iridinidae .
The Kinabalu giant earthworm , Pheretima darnleiensis , is a grey - blue coloured peregrine annelid native to Mount Kinabalu , Borneo and surrounding islands as well as New Guinea .
Ileostylus is a genus of mistletoes in the family Loranthaceae .
Calodactylodes is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae ( geckos ) distributed in peninsular India and Sri Lanka .
The African terrestrial barbets are the bird genus Trachyphonus in the African barbet family ( Lybiidae ) , which was formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae .
The Chinese penduline tit ( Remiz consobrinus ) is a species of bird in the Remizidae family .
Negaprion is a genus of requiem sharks in the family Carcharhinidae , containing the two extant species of lemon sharks : the lemon shark ( N. brevirostris ) of the Americas , and the sicklefin lemon shark ( N. acutidens ) of the Indo - Pacific .
The Lyophyllaceae is a family of fungi in the order Agaricales .
Gibberula is a genus of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae , previously placed in the family Marginellidae , the margin shells or marginellids .
Hormisa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Macrochilo
Alcorn 's pocket gopher ( Pappogeomys alcorni ) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
The Rocky Mountain capshell ( Acroloxus coloradensis ) is a species of freshwater snail in the family Acroloxidae , the river limpets .
Gigantostrea is an extinct genus of marine bivalve mollusks belonging to the family Gryphaeidae .
The Papuan hawk - owl ( Uroglaux dimorpha ) is a medium - sized , sleek owl with a proportionately small head , long tail , and short , rounded wings .
The Bornean stubtail ( Urosphena whiteheadi ) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family .
Eridanosaurus is an extinct genus originally described as a crocodilian , but later shown to be a rhinoceros ( specifically , based on a rhinoceros vertebra ) .
Enneapterygius ornatus , known commonly as the Henderson triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
The Orbiliaceae are a family of saprobic sac fungi in the order Orbiliales .
The Chinese crocodile lizard ( Shinisaurus crocodilurus ) is a semiaquatic lizard found only in cool forests in the Hunan , Guangxi and Guizhou Provinces of China , and the Quảng Ninh Province in Vietnam .
Tepidimonas is a genus of Gram - negative , strictly aerobic , oxidase- and catalase - positive , rod - shaped , slightly thermophilic bacteria from the family Comamonadaceae .
The Weber 's dwarf squirrel ( Prosciurillus weberi ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Fayella is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean temnospondyl amphibian within the family Dissorophidae .
Globigerinana are free living pelagic foraminiferan , included in the class Rotaliata that range from the Jurassic to recent .
Philomycus is a genus of air - breathing land slugs in the family Philomycidae , the mantleslugs .
The subfamily Fulgorariinae contains sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Volutidae .
You 've Never Seen Everything is an album by Canadian singer - songwriter Bruce Cockburn , released on July 10 , 2003 .
Billion Dollar Babies is the sixth studio album by American band Alice Cooper , released in 1973 .
`` Fuck the Pain Away '' is a song by Canadian electronic artist Peaches .
`` Hard to Say '' is the title of a popular song from 1981 written and performed by the American singer - songwriter Dan Fogelberg .
`` Indiana Wants Me '' is a song written , composed , and originally recorded by Canadian singer - songwriter R. Dean Taylor .
Few Against Many is the seventh studio album by Greek heavy metal band Firewind .
`` Why Not Us '' is a song recorded by German pop trio Monrose .
Old Liquidator is the debut full - length album by American rock band The Minus 5 .
Knowle West Boy is the seventh studio album by musician and producer Tricky , released by Domino Records on 7 July 2008 in Europe , and 9 September 2008 in North America .
Next Future is the second album from Girl Next Door released on January 20 , 2010 .
Invisible Storm is an album by Finnish avant - garde jazz composer , bandleader and drummer Edward Vesala recorded in 1991 and released on the ECM label in 1992 .
Elegant Stealth is the twenty - first studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash and the culmination of 2 years of writing and recording sessions .
`` Merry Happy '' is the fifth single from British singer - songwriter Kate Nash .
To Notice Such Things is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord , released in 2010 .
`` It Ends Tonight '' is a song by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released as the third and final single from their second studio album Move Along on September 19 , 2006 .
Velvet Noise Extended is re - release of Danish band Raunchy 's debut album , released in 2001 .
Diamond in the Dirt is the debut album by MC Shystie .
I Hora Ton Thavmaton ( Greek : Η Χώρα Των Θαυμάτων ; English : The Land Of Miracles ) is a studio album by Greek artist Glykeria .
Eat , Sleep , Repeat is the third full length release from Lakeland , Florida 's Copeland .
`` Ai n't Talkin ' 'bout Dub '' is a song by British dance group Apollo 440 , released as the second single from their sophomore studio album Electro Glide in Blue ( 1997 ) .
Free to Stay is the follow - up LP to Smoosh 's 2004 's release of She Like Electric .
Studio Sessions , Chicago 1956 is the first volume of The Private Collection a series documenting recordings made by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington for his personal collection which was first released on the LMR label in 1987 and later on the Saja label .
`` Sofi Needs a Ladder '' is the third single taken from deadmau5 's album , 4×4=12 .
To All New Arrivals is the 5th studio album by dance music act Faithless .
Mosh n ' Roll is the sixth studio album from metalcore band Bury Your Dead .
`` Zu spät '' ( German for too late ) is a punk song by Die Ärzte .
10 on Broadway is a solo album of Broadway standards from Dennis DeYoung .
`` Kool Thing '' was the first major label single from American alternative rock band Sonic Youth 's 1990 album Goo .
`` Hero of the Day '' is a power ballad by American heavy metal band Metallica from their 1996 album Load .
`` Purple Pills '' , also known as the censored version , `` Purple Hills '' , is a hip hop single by American rap group D12 , taken as the second cut from their debut studio album , Devil 's Night .
`` That Should Be Me '' is a song by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber , included as the tenth and final track on his first studio album , My World 2.0 , released on March 19 , 2010 .
`` 40 Kinds of Sadness '' is the third and last single Ryan Cabrera released from his 2004 multi - platinum selling debut album Take It All Away .
`` To da Break of Dawn '' is a single from both LL Cool J 's fourth album , Mama Said Knock You Out , and the soundtrack to the Kid ' n Play movie House Party .
Lahore Ke Rang Hari Ke Sang is an album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan , released on September 26 , 2005 .
`` Hit in the USA '' is a single released by Japanese band Beat Crusaders , and the song `` Hit in the USA '' was used as the opening for the anime series , Beck :
A Hundred Miles Off is the third album by The Walkmen , released on May 23 , 2006 in the United States .
Bubble and Scrape is the fourth album by American indie rock band , Sebadoh .
`` You Make Me Feel Brand New '' was a 1974 hit by the Philadelphia soul group The Stylistics .
Zipper Catches Skin is the fourteenth studio album by Alice Cooper , released in 1982 .
The Tower of Power ! is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label .
`` Worried About Ray '' is the debut single by London pop rock band The Hoosiers .
`` Forget About Me '' is a song written by Frankie Miller , Troy Seals and Eddie Setser , and recorded by American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers .
Airut : aamujen is the fourth full - length album of the Tenhi and the second part in their Airut - saga .
`` Hang You Up '' is the second single from Yellowcard 's seventh album When You 're Through Thinking , Say Yes , released on February 22 , 2011 , on iTunes .
`` Take Your Shirt Off '' is a song that is performed by American recording artist T - Pain .
`` Beauty on the Fire '' was the third and final single to be released from Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia 's second studio album , White Lilies Island .
A Woman 's Touch is the seventeenth studio album by singer and songwriter , Thelma Houston .
`` Siempre Hace Frio '' is the first single released from the Siempre Selena album .
`` I Call It Love '' is the lead single released by American singer Lionel Richie from his studio album Coming Home ( 2006 ) .
`` My Love Goes On and On '' is a debut song co - written and recorded by American country music artist Chris Cagle .
`` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' is a song by R. Kelly , released as the fifth single from his 1998 album , R ..
Humans Only is the fourth full - length album ( 1982 ) by the American electronic band Earthstar .
`` Next Best Superstar '' is a song by British singer - songwriter , Melanie C. It was released on 4 April 2005 as the first single from Melanie C 's third solo album , Beautiful Intentions .
`` Stumble and Fall '' is a song by English indie rock band Razorlight and is the ninth track on their 2004 debut album Up All Night .
`` Touch Me ( All Night Long ) '' is the title of a 1984 single by American post - disco and contemporary R&B singer Fonda Rae .
Heitor TP is the first compact disc studio solo album by the Brazilian musician Heitor Pereira , released in 1994 ( see 1994 in music ) .
Of Birds , Bees , Butterflies , Etc . is the second studio album by American house music group Late Night Alumni .
My Ass - Kicking Life is an album by the Cedar Falls , Iowa band House of Large Sizes .
Stars on Frankie was the fourth and final album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45 , released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1987 .
`` Snap Yo Fingers '' is a 2006 American hip hop single by Atlanta - based rapper / producer Lil Jon .
You ( Being My Body Whole ) is an album released by Von Hemmling , the Elephant 6 band led by Jim McIntyre .
The Owl and the Tree is the 7th studio album of Mother Gong and was released in 1990 .
What We Are Today is an album by melodic / alternative rock band Failsafe ; based in Preston .
Deca i Sunce ( Children and the Sun ) is the fourth studio album by the Serbian hip - hop artist Marčelo .
A Trick of the Tail is the seventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Genesis .
The Road to Paradiso is a book about the Dutch symphonic metal band Epica ( written in both Dutch and English ) which was accompanied by a compilation album of the same name .
Triggernometry is the fifth album from rap group Onyx .
Fractured Life is the debut album by English alternative rock band Air Traffic .
Appetite for Destruction is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Guns N ' Roses .
`` Love You No More '' is the second single by Bob Sinclar from his album Born in 69 ( which was released worldwide on 14 July 2009 ) .
Elegy of the Uprooting is a double CD live album by Greek composer Eleni Karaindrou featuring music recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM New Series label .
Blasting Off was Red Lorry Yellow Lorry 's fifth and final album , released on the small Sparkhead independent record label in 1991 .
I 'm Going On , released in 1984 on Light Records , is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned .
You 're Gon na Get It ! is the second album by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers , released in 1978 .
`` Raining in My Heart '' is a song recorded by Buddy Holly with the orchestral backing by Dick Jacobs .
`` Good Souls '' is the second single from the album Love Is Here by British alternative rock band Starsailor , released in 2001 .
`` Come to Nothing '' is the third single by Evermore , taken from their debut album Dreams .
`` Jungle Boogie '' is a funk song recorded by Kool & the Gang for their 1973 album Wild and Peaceful .
`` I Believe in You ( Je crois en toi ) '' is a duet between Celine Dion and Il Divo , released as the third and last single from Dion 's On ne change pas album , and first and only from Il Divo 's Ancora .
Extra Innings is an album by the British band The Outfield .
Pogue Mahone is the seventh and last studio album by The Pogues , released in 1996 .
First String is the debut album by American jazz group the String Trio of New York recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label .
This Is the Story is the debut studio album from The Proclaimers , released in 1987 .
La Liberación is Brazilian band CSS 's third studio album .
Crazy Itch Radio is the fourth studio album by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx .
`` I Know What I Like ( In Your Wardrobe ) '' was the first charting single by the rock band Genesis .
Summer at Eureka is the third studio album by Australian rock musician Pete Murray .
Fantasy 4ever ( Chinese : 煙火的季節 ; pinyin : yan huo de ji jue ; literally : `` Season of Fireworks '' ) is the second Mandarin studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band F4 .
`` Breaker 1/9 '' is a song by Common , released in 1993 as the second single from his debut album Can I Borrow a Dollar ? .
Through the Trees is the third full - length album released by alternative country band The Handsome Family .
Kokomemedada is the fourth full - length studio album from Swedish band Komeda , and their third album sung in English .
`` I See You ( Theme from Avatar ) '' ( also referred to as `` I See You '' ) is the official theme song recorded by British singer Leona Lewis for the 2009 film Avatar , directed by James Cameron , and its accompanying soundtrack ( 2009 ) .
Rock & Roll Music to the World is the seventh studio album by the English blues rock band Ten Years After , released in 1972 .
`` Black Tattoo '' is the first single by Grinspoon from their fifth studio album , Alibis & Other Lies .
`` Chicken Huntin ' '' is a single by hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse , from their second studio album , Ringmaster .
Mr. Simple ( Hangul : 미스터 심플 ; RR : Miseuteo Shimpeul ; reissue name A - CHa ) is the award - winning fifth studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior .
Into a Secret Land is the third studio album from German singer Sandra , released in 1988 .
Born on Earth is the second studio album by singer / songwriter Rusty Anderson .
An Orchestrated Rise to Fall is the debut LP by The Album Leaf , released in 1999 .
At All is the tenth album by the actor Viggo Mortensen , released in 2008 .
Manic Frustration is the fifth album by the American doom metal band Trouble , released in 1992 .
`` Wishing I Was There '' is a Pop rock song by Australian singer - songwriter Natalie Imbruglia , released on 31 May 1998 as the third single from her debut album Left of the Middle .
Shivering King and Others is the fourth album of Washington , D.C. based band Dead Meadow .
To the Loveless is the seventh studio album by Japanese electronica / rock duo Boom Boom Satellites , their first full original album release since 2007 .
Transkripsi is the eleventh studio album from Malaysian pop singer - songwriter Siti Nurhaliza and has been touted as Malaysia 's Best Album of 2006 .
Public Strain is the second album by Calgary band Women .
Sgt . Hetfield 's Motorbreath Pub Band is the first published album from Beatallica .
Restless and Wild is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept , released in 1982 in Continental Europe and in 1983 in the US and UK .
Fire of Love is the debut album of the American punk band The Gun Club , released in 1981 on Ruby Records .
We Are the Romans is the second and final studio album by the American band Botch .
Espectro ( Portuguese for `` Specter '' ) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian psychedelic rock band Violeta de Outono , released on May 28 , 2012 by Voiceprint Records .
`` Gifted Life '' is the first single from Australian hip hop group Downsyde 's second album Land of the Giants .
1000 Hurts is the third full - length album by Shellac , released July 31 , 2000 ( see 2000 in music ) .
`` Paris , Tokyo '' is a Grammy - nominated third single from Lupe Fiasco 's second studio album Lupe Fiasco 's The Cool .
`` Little Darling ( I Need You ) '' is a 1966 single written and produced by Holland - Dozier - Holland and recorded and released by Marvin Gaye on the Tamla label .
Minor Move is an album by American hard bop tenor Tina Brooks .
`` The Punk and the Godfather '' ( titled `` The Punk Meets the Godfather '' on the US album ) is the fifth track off of The Who 's second rock opera , Quadrophenia .
Crows Fly Black is the seventh album by Finnish heavy metal band Tarot , released on 27 October 2006 .
Porch Life is a 2003 hip hop album by Boston ska punk band Big D and the Kids Table .
Little Lost Soul is the fifth album by Bristol , UK musician Matt Elliott under the name The Third Eye Foundation .
The Soft Bulletin is the ninth album released by The Flaming Lips on May 17 , 1999 in the UK , with a US release following on June 22 , 1999 .
Screaming Target is the debut album by Jamaican deejay Big Youth .
`` Timeless Melody '' is a pop song written by Liverpool singer / guitarist Lee Mavers and recorded by Mavers ' band , The La 's .
Dust on Mother 's Bible is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos , released in 1966 .
Crash Diagnostic is the final album by punk band Discount on New American Dream .
Sweet Attention is the third full - length studio album by American indie rock band Rookie of the Year .
`` Painted on My Heart '' is a single by The Cult , released in 2000 in promotion of the film Gone in 60 Seconds .
`` Hey , Man ! '' is a song by Canadian singer - songwriter Nelly Furtado , produced by Gerald Eaton and Brian West for Furtado 's debut album , Whoa , Nelly!.
The 2nd of May is the second LP from British / Canadian trio May Blitz .
Available for Propaganda is the fourth studio album from the Italian nu metal band Linea 77 .
`` You Send Me '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Sam Cooke , released on September 7 , 1957 by Keen Records .
`` They Stood Up for Love '' is a song by alternative rock group Live , which was released as the third and final single from their 1999 album , The Distance to Here .
A Crow Left of the Murder ... is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Incubus , released on February 3 , 2004 .
Mein Tou Dekhoonga ( Urdu : میں تو دیکھونگا , literal English translation : `` I will see it '' ) is a sociopolitical song single from the Pakistani pop rock band Strings , released on April 4 , 2011 .
I - Ternal Fire is reggae , dancehall artist Capleton 's twentieth studio album .
In the Halls of Awaiting is the debut album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Insomnium .
The Enchantment is a 2007 album released on the Concord label by pianist Chick Corea and banjo virtuoso Béla Fleck .
Mother Mallard 's Portable Masterpiece Co. is the debut album of synthesizer ensemble Mother Mallard 's Portable Masterpiece Company , independently released in 1973 through Earthquack Recordings .
High Havoc is the second LP offering from Corduroy .
`` Tip of My Tongue '' is a single by Tommy Quickly backed by The Remo Four .
Estrella de mar ( English : Starfish ) is the third studio album by the Spanish folk rock group Amaral released in Spain during 2002 .
That 's Just the Way I Want to Be is a 1970 ( see 1970 in music ) album by Blossom Dearie .
Currywurst mit Darm ( German for Curried sausage with gut ) is the 9th album by German rapper King Orgasmus One ( aka Imbiss Bronko )
The Courtauld Talks is a live album by English rock band Killing Joke .
Ignore the Ignorant found release on 7 September 2009 as the fourth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings , following the release of first single ' Cheat on Me ' on 31 August .
Planet Fabulous was released in 1994 and was Something Happens ' fourth studio album after the success of Stuck Together with God 's Glue .
Perfectly Good Guitar was singer - songwriter John Hiatt 's eleventh album , released in 1993 .
`` What R U Waiting 4 '' is a pop - soft rock song written by Matthew Gerrard , Bridgit Benenate , Steve Booker for Australian singer - songwriter Tiffani Wood .
`` We Connect '' was promoted on the television series The Facts of Life in the episode `` A Star is Torn '' in which Stacey Q portrayed the role of Cinnamon .
`` Ai n't No Trick ( It Takes Magic ) '' is a song written by Jim Hurt and Steve Pippin , and recorded by the American country music artist Lee Greenwood .
Take it Sleezy is the debut album by American Glam Metal band Dirty Penny , released on August 2 , 2007 .
Local 604 is a 2002 album by Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union .
Emigrante is the follow - up to the well - received début album , A Lo Cubano , by the Cuban hip hop band Orishas .
A New Perspective is a 1964 album by jazz trumpeter Donald Byrd released on the Blue Note label as BLP 4124 and BST 84124 .
En händig man ( A handy man ) is a Swedish language album released by Swedish pop - rock singer and composer Per Gessle .
What I Do is the twelfth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson .
Til Dovre Faller ( English : Until the mountains of Dovre falls ) is the second release the Norwegian folk metal band Glittertind .
`` Sub Templum '' is an album by British doom metal band Moss .
Babylónia ( English : Babel ) is a song by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1990 .
1.22.03.Acoustic , so named for the date it was recorded live at the Hit Factory , New York , is a live EP by Californian band Maroon 5 .
`` Summer Cannibals '' is a rock song written by Patti Smith and Fred `` Sonic '' Smith , and released as a lead single from Patti Smith 1996 album Gone Again .
`` Divas Need Love Too '' is a single recorded by Klymaxx for the MCA label .
Aabaar Bochhor Kuri Pore(Bengali : আবার বছরকুড়ি পরে ) was a Bengali album of the Bengali band Moheener Ghoraguli .
The Old Days Feeling is a collection of out - of - print , reissued , and unreleased songs by Portland artist Mirah .
`` Perfect Insanity '' is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed released as a promotional single from their fourth album Indestructible .
`` White Prayer '' ( typeset as WHITE PRAYER ) is the 9th physical single and 10th overall maxi single from Alice Nine .
Not Quite Me is the second album by American singer / songwriter Tess Wiley , released in 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .
Rockin ' the Boat is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label .
The Quiet Resistance is the third studio album by the Dutch gothic metal band Nemesea , released in 2011 .
Fight Test is an EP by The Flaming Lips featuring the song of the same name , released on Warner Bros. Records in 2003 .
Sex , Life & Love is the second full - length studio disc from Rythm Syndicate , the dance - rock band founded by songwriter / producers Carl Sturken & Evan Rogers .
Here Today , Tomorrow Next Week ! was the second album by the Icelandic alternative rock - pop band The Sugarcubes , released in October 1989 .
Wicked Twisted Road is the fourth studio album by Red Dirt artist Reckless Kelly .
`` Saving My Face '' is a song performed by British singer KT Tunstall .
Burning Organ is an album released in 2002 by American rock musician Paul Gilbert , also a guitarist for the heavy metal band Racer X and formerly of the hard rock band Mr. Big .
`` Right Above It '' is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne , released as the first single from his eighth studio album , I Am Not a Human Being ( 2010 ) .
`` Feels Like Another One '' is a 1991 single co - written and recorded by singer Patti LaBelle off her album , Burnin .
`` Traicionera '' is the second official single of the Chilean solo singer Américo .
Tell Mama is the eighth studio album by American singer Etta James .
`` When We Stand Together '' is the lead single by the Canadian rock band Nickelback from their seventh studio album , Here and Now .
Nun Chiagnere Marì ( Neapolitan for Do n't Cry , Mary ) is the second studio album by Neapolitan parody singer - songwriter Tony Tammaro .
`` Dance , Dance ( The Mexican ) '' was the fourth and final single from Thalía 's 2002 self - titled studio album ; it is a remake of a 1984 song by Jellybean .
Nothing Was the Same is the third studio album by Canadian recording artist Drake .
Rage for Order is the second studio album by the American progressive heavy metal band Queensrÿche , released on June 27 , 1986 .
Anghellic is the third studio album released by Kansas City based rapper Tech N9ne on August 28 , 2001 .
Horsin ' Around is the sixth album and final album by Carrie Lucas .
B.P. Empire is the third album by Israeli psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom , released in May 2001 on Yoyo Records .
Paper Blood is the eighth studio album released by the band Royal Hunt .
Pog - O - Matic Pogómen 3000000 is a studio album by Luomuhappo , alias Jere Häkkinen .
`` Bom Bom '' is a song by British - Dutch three - piece music group Sam and the Womp .
Bump Ahead is the third studio album by the hard rock band Mr. Big .
Two Bones is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1958 but not released until the Japanese King Records label issued it in 1980 under license .
`` Down Low ( Nobody Has to Know ) '' is an R&B song about infidelity , released as a single by R. Kelly and featuring The Isley Brothers , on his self - titled album , in 1995 .
Sonic Highways World Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Foo Fighters , in support of their eighth studio album Sonic Highways .
`` I Keep Looking '' is a song written by Tom Shapiro , Tony Martin , and co - written and recorded by American country artist Sara Evans .
`` Deeper Understanding '' is a song by Kate Bush released as the lead single from the 2011 album Director 's Cut .
The Fifth of July is the seventh album by the Power pop band Watershed .
`` Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon '' is a song by the British rock band Queen , originally released on their fourth studio album A Night at the Opera in 1975 .
An Absence of Empathy is a 2005 album by Frameshift .
`` You Keep Running Away '' is a Holland - Dozier - Holland composition originally recorded in 1967 by the Four Tops .
`` Dokudanjou Beauty '' ( 独壇場Beauty ) ( English : Incomparable Beauty ) is the twenty - ninth single by the Japanese rock band Buck Tick , released on March 24 , 2010 .
Big Bad Noise is the second album by Australian rock band The Choirboys which was released in 1988 .
`` Girl Do n't Come '' is a song , a Chris Andrews composition , that was a number 3 UK hit in the UK Singles Chart for Sandie Shaw in 1964 - -65 .
Wahoo ! is an album by American pianist and arranger Duke Pearson , featuring performances recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label in 1965 .
`` All It Takes '' is New Zealand band Stellar 's seventh , and their first single from their second album Magic Line .
`` Miss Chatelaine '' is a song by k.d . lang on the album Ingénue .
`` Feels Good '' is the title of a number - one R&B single by Tony ! Toni ! Toné ! featuring a rap verse by Mopreme Shakur .
Preteen Weaponry is the ninth full length album by Brooklyn - based Alternative rock / Indie rock / Krautrock / Psychedelic rock band Oneida .
`` Mama Do ( Uh Oh , Uh Oh ) '' ( also known as `` Mama Do '' ) is a song by English recording artist Pixie Lott from her debut album , Turn It Up ( 2009 ) .
Friends4Ever is Pip Skid 's debut solo album released in 2001 .
Slow Focus is the third album by Fuck Buttons , released on 22 July 2013 .
All Join In is the thirteenth studio album and third children 's album by Kenny Loggins .
Prosperous and Qualified is the second album by free jazz ensemble Universal Congress Of , released in 1988 through SST .
Hard Normal Daddy is a 1997 studio album by British electronic musician Tom Jenkinson under his alias of Squarepusher .
Power & the Glory is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1983 ( see 1983 in music ) .
`` That 's the Way Boys Are '' is a song written by Mark Barkan and Ben Raleigh and initially sung by Lesley Gore and released in 1964 as a single and on Gore 's 3rd album Boys , Boys , Boys .
Havestar is the first EP by the Illinois - based industrial band I : Scintilla .
`` Playaz Club '' is the lead single from Rappin ' 4-Tay 's second album , Do n't Fight the Feelin ' .
`` Short Skirt / Long Jacket '' is the first single by American alternative rock band Cake from their 2001 album Comfort Eagle .
Habits & Contradictions is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Schoolboy Q , released January 14 , 2012 , exclusively on iTunes , under Top Dawg Entertainment .
`` Glasgow Mega - Snake '' is a song by Scottish post - rock band Mogwai from their fifth album , Mr. Beast .
Bachbusters , Music of Johann Sebastian Bach as realized by Don Dorsey on digital and other authentic period synthesizers .
Exit Paradise is the fourth and final studio release by the San Francisco Bay area thrash metal band Epidemic .
A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular is the first album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic when the band was only known as Hoover .
Heroes of Earth ( simplified Chinese : 盖世英雄 ; traditional Chinese : 蓋世英雄 ; pinyin : gàishì yīngxióng ) is American - Taiwanese R&B Mandopop singer - songwriter Leehom Wang 's eleventh Mandarin studio album .
Light of Love is a US - only album released by British rock band T. Rex in 1974 .
Basie Big Band is a 1975 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra .
Queen Secret Keeper is the twelfth studio album by the British singer - songwriter Judie Tzuke , released in 2001 .
Too Weird to Live , Too Rare to Die ! is the fourth studio album by American rock band Panic ! at the Disco , released on October 8 , 2013 on Decaydance and Fueled by Ramen .
`` Stranger on the Shore '' is a piece for clarinet written by Acker Bilk for his young daughter and originally named `` Jenny '' after her .
Here I Am Again is a 1972 studio album by American country music singer - songwriter , Loretta Lynn .
Locust Abortion Technician is the third full - length studio album by American experimental punk band Butthole Surfers , released in March 1987 .
`` We 'll Burn That Bridge '' is a song written by Don Cook and Ronnie Dunn and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn .
`` Todo , Todo , Todo '' ( `` Everything , Everything , Everything '' ) is a song written by Jorsaci , produced by Bebu Silvetti , and performed by Mexican singer - songwriter Daniela Romo .
`` ( You 're My ) Dream Come True '' ( also known as `` Dream Come True '' ) is a 1962 single by The Temptations .
The Soul Cages is the third full length studio album released by Sting .
Cowboy Songs Four is the twenty - first album by American singer - songwriter Michael Martin Murphey , his fourth album of cowboy songs , and his first album produced by his son , Ryan Murphey .
Night Lady is an album by saxophonist Johnny Griffin recorded in West Germany in 1963 and originally released on the Philips label but later released on EmArcy Records .
Polar AC is a compilation album by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard .
Hard Way is the eighth album of the Japanese hard rock band Show - Ya .
Death 's Design is Blakkheim 's fourth and final album , released under the moniker of Diabolical Masquerade and his most experimental .
`` Undercover of the Night '' is the lead track and first single from English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones ' 1983 album Undercover .
Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes is the second solo album by Thom Yorke of the English alternative rock band Radiohead .
Telling Stories is the fifth album by American singer / songwriter Tracy Chapman , released in 2000 ( see 2000 in music ) .
I Love My Music is the third studio album , released in 1978 by Wild Cherry .
Enter the Chicken is the fourteenth studio album by musician Buckethead .
Born Too Late is the third studio album by the American doom metal band Saint Vitus , which was released in 1986 .
Everyone into Position is the second studio album by British progressive rock band Oceansize , released on 19 September 2005 on Beggars Banquet .
`` 5 Minutes Alone '' is a song by American heavy metal band Pantera from their 1994 album Far Beyond Driven .
Roots to Branches is the 19th studio album by the British band Jethro Tull released in September 1995 .
Comin ' Out Fighting is the fifth album by the hard rock band Sinner released in 1986 .
Esena Perimeno ( Greek : Εσένα Περιμένω ; English : I 'm waiting for you ) is the second studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi .
`` I Cross My Heart '' is a song written by Steve Dorff and Eric Kaz , and performed by American country music artist George Strait .
Longing Was a Safe Place to Hide is the second and final full - length album released by Melbourne band Love Outside Andromeda .
`` Rude Mood '' is the sixth track on Stevie Ray Vaughan 's debut album Texas Flood .
A Hillbilly Tribute to Mountain Love is the second album by American band Hayseed Dixie , released in 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) .
The Majestic Majesty is the acoustic accompaniment to Portugal . The Man 's fourth full length album The Satanic Satanist and features all of the album 's songs performed acoustically , except the track `` Let You Down . ''
`` Broke My Eyes '' is an English language hit in Norway for the Norwegian band Donkeyboy , their third most successful single after `` Ambitions '' ( 13 weeks at the top of the Norwegian Singles Chart ) and `` Sometimes '' , their second single ( 8 weeks on top of the charts ) .
Live and Sleazy is the fifth album by the Village People and features a mixture of live and studio recordings .
Sex with an X is the second studio album by the Scottish alternative rock band The Vaselines , which was released on 14 September 2010 on Sub Pop . The first single from the album , `` I Hate The 80 's '' was released on 10 June 2010 .
Kings of the Wild Frontier is the second album by English new wave band Adam and the Ants .
Cimarron Manifesto is a 2007 album by red dirt singer - songwriter Jimmy LaFave .
`` Where the Poor Boys Dance '' is a song originally recorded by Lulu .
Cantora 1 is a studio album by the late Argentine singer Mercedes Sosa .
`` DJ , Ease My Mind '' is a single by Swedish recording group Niki & The Dove , from their debut studio album Instinct .
`` Next Year '' is a song released as the last single from the third Foo Fighters ' album There Is Nothing Left to Lose .
`` Little Lover 's So Polite '' is a song by American indie rock band Silversun Pickups , taken from their debut album , Carnavas .
`` If You Do n't Mean It '' is a pop song written by Chris Braide , Carl Falk and Didrik Thott , recorded by Dean Geyer for his first album Rush ( 2007 ) .
Float Away Deconstructed is an album released by the band Marah in 2005 .
`` Baby Cakes '' is the only single by the British garage trio 3 of a Kind .
A Gershwin Fantasia is the seventh solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson , and was released in 1992 .
`` And the Sun Will Shine '' is a song by the British rock band Bee Gees , it was written by Barry Gibb , Robin Gibb and Maurice Gibb and released in February 1968 on the album Horizontal .
Riding a Black Unicorn Down the Side of an Erupting Volcano While Drinking from a Chalice Filled with the Laughter of Small Children ( more commonly referred to by its abbreviated name Riding a Black Unicorn ... ) is the eighth studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret singer Voltaire , released on September 2 , 2011 .
Please Tomorrow is the seventh studio album from the actor Viggo Mortensen and the fifth collaboration with the avant - garde guitarist Buckethead , released in 2004 .
Long Road Out of Eden is the seventh studio album by American rock group the Eagles , released in 2007 on Lost Highway Records .
Second Toughest in the Infants is the fourth album by Underworld , and the second in their `` MK2 '' line - up with Darren Emerson .
`` I Got the Wherewithal '' is a song recorded by British group Theaudience , released as the group 's debut single on 27 October 1997 .
Elect the Dead is the debut album by rock musician Serj Tankian , lead singer and founding member of Armenian - American metal quartet System of a Down .
`` Feel the Spin '' is a song by the American vocalist Debbie Harry , featured on the soundtrack album for the film Krush Groove ( 1985 ) .
The Enraged Will Inherit the Earth was the second album by the band McCarthy .
The Man Who Sold the World is the third studio album by English rock artist David Bowie .
`` She 's on It '' is a song by American hip - hop group the Beastie Boys .
`` Kanashimi wa Kitto '' is the 14th single released by the Japanese rock band Uverworld .
`` Hasta Mañana '' ( Spanish for `` Until tomorrow '' ) , which originally was titled `` Who 's Gon na Love You ? '' , is the fourth track on Swedish pop group ABBA 's second studio album , Waterloo .
Walk into Light ( 1983 ) is the debut album released by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson .
Every Face Tells a Story is a 1977 album by Cliff Richard , the follow - up to Richard 's comeback album , I 'm Nearly Famous .
Darklore Manor is the debut album by gothic horror musical duo Nox Arcana .
Cinematix is the fifth solo album by Robby Krieger , former guitarist of The Doors .
`` Early 1970 '' is a song by English musician Ringo Starr , released in April 1971 as the B - side to his hit single `` It Do n't Come Easy '' .
`` Pa ' Bailar '' is Bajofondo 's first single from their third studio album Mar Dulce .
`` Love Goes Down '' is the fifth single from British songwriter and rapper Plan B 's second studio album , The Defamation of Strickland Banks .
Little Sparks is the third album by Delorentos released in 2012 .
Welcome to the Jang House is the second studio album by the Philadelphian rap group , Plastic Little .
`` A Moment Changes Everything '' is the first single taken from David Gray 's ninth studio album Foundling .
Paintings in My Mind is the second full - length studio release ( third , if the `` Republic of Idols '' EP is counted ) from pianist and singer - songwriter Tommy Page .
Un grito en el corazón is the second studio album for eurodance musician Lynda Thomas , which was released in 1997 .
Sotakoira ( trans . War Dog ) is the 9th album of Finnish heavy metal / rock band Kotiteollisuus .
Bizarre Fruit II is an reissued and expanded version of M People 's 1994 Bizarre Fruit album , with the single versions of `` Search for the Hero '' and `` Love Rendezvous '' in place of the originals , and including the band 's cover of the Small Faces ' `` Itchycoo Park '' .
The Slim Shady LP is the second studio album by American rapper Eminem , and also his first on a major label .
The High End of Low is the seventh full - length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson .
Torch This Place is an album made in 1999 by The Atomic Fireballs .
`` Love Will Come Through '' is the third single released from Indie band Travis ' fourth studio album , 12 Memories .
Talumpati ( lit . speech or address ) is the 5th ( overall ) studio album and his last album for Sony Music of Filipino rapper , Gloc-9 .
`` A Lover 's Question '' is a 1958 pop / R&B hit for Clyde McPhatter .
Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus is the fourth album by the American psychedelic rock group Spirit .
Big World Small World is an album by the Bristol - based group Smith & Mighty , released on !
Famous Places is the third album of American ambient musician Keith Kenniff under the Goldmund moniker .
La Voz de un Ángel ( Voice of An Angel ) , is Yuridia 's debut album .
The State of Mind Report is the sixth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers .
Scars Remain is the sixth album by Christian alternative metal group Disciple , released November 7 , 2006 .
`` What I Am '' is a song written by Edie Brickell and Kenny Withrow and recorded by Edie Brickell & New Bohemians for their debut album , Shooting Rubberbands at the Stars ( 1988 ) .
( guitar , vocal ) is a 1976 album by Richard Thompson .
`` If You Feel the Funk '' was the debut single from artist La Toya Jackson .
Ca n't Keep a Secret ( stylized can'T keEp A SecrEt ) is the second album by Canadian pop punk band Faber Drive .
`` Tengo Todo Excepto a Ti '' ( `` I Have Everything But You '' ) is a pop song written , produced , and arranged by Juan Carlos Calderón , and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel .
Tales from the Dead West is the first full - length album from Ghoultown , released in 2000 on Angry Planet Records .
`` Um bei dir zu sein '' is the sixth single from Christina Stürmer 's fourth album , Lebe Lauter .
Powder Snow was the second album by Megumi Odaka ( 1989 ) .
Of Doom and Death is the second full - length album by the German power metal band Savage Circus .
`` Death Valley ' 69 '' is a song by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth and featuring Lydia Lunch .
`` Sex Room '' is a song recorded by Ludacris for his seventh studio album , Battle of the Sexes .
Drivin ' N Cryin ' was impressed by Johns ' work with Rod Stewart and Cinderella and wanted him to produce Fly Me Courageous .
`` Respect the Wind '' is a lengthy keyboard and electric guitar instrumental track written and performed by Edward and Alex Van Halen .
`` Vas a Salvarte '' ( You Will Save Yourself ) is a pop rock song performed by Argentine band Erreway .
Turtleneck & Chain is the second studio album of the American comedy troupe The Lonely Island , whose members are Andy Samberg , Akiva Schaffer , and Jorma Taccone .
`` Queen B. '' is the first single released from the album `` V '' Is for Vagina by Puscifer .
`` Stoned to the Bone '' , titled `` Stone to the Bone '' in some releases , is a song written and recorded by James Brown .
Nakitai Nara ( If I Want to Cry ) is the twenty - seventh single released by J - Pop singer Hitomi Shimatani .
`` A Box Full of Sharp Objects '' is the first single from The Used 's self - titled debut album .
Salutations from the Ghetto Nation is the third album by the American heavy metal band Warrior Soul , released in 1992 .
`` Theme from Shaft , '' written and recorded by Isaac Hayes in 1971 , is the soul and funk - styled theme song to the Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer film , Shaft .
`` Our Day Will Come '' is a popular song composed by Bob Hilliard and Mort Garson , which was a million - selling No . 1 chart hit in 1963 for Ruby & the Romantics .
Live at the Cellar Door is a live album by Neil Young , featuring performances from his six 1970 concerts in Washington D.C. It was released on December 10 , 2013 .
`` Woh Ladki Hai Kahan '' ( Hindi : वो लड़की है कहाँ ? , English : Where 's that Girl ? ) is a 2001 song from the movie Dil Chahta Hai , composed by Shankar - Ehsaan - Loy , performed by Shaan , Kavita Krishnamurthy , and written by Javed Akhtar .
Uzi Does It is the debut album from Get Busy Committee , which was released on October 27 , 2009 through Tokyo Sex Whale Records .
`` Constant Craving '' is a song written by k.d . lang and Ben Mink , and performed by k.d .
Seven and the Ragged Tiger is the third studio album by the English pop rock band Duran Duran , released in November 1983 .
`` Until the Night '' is a song written by Billy Joel who introduced it on his 1978 album 52nd Street .
First You Live is the title of Dusty Rhodes and the River Band 's second album , released on October 19 , 2007 .
`` Do n't Wanna Go Home '' is a song by American recording artist Jason Derulo , released as the lead single from his second studio album , Future History , on May 20 , 2011 .
`` Las Cosas Pequeñas '' ( English : `` The Little Things '' ) is a Latin pop and bachata song by American recording artist Prince Royce .
`` Mustaa kahvia '' ( English : Black Coffee ) is a Finnish - language song by Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen , released as the second promotional single from her debut album Ihmisten edessä on March 17 , 2008 , by Warner Music Finland .
Ruled is the fifth full - length LP by The Giraffes .
No Time to Bleed is the second studio album by American deathcore band Suicide Silence .
`` Something Happened to Me Yesterday '' is the closing track of The Rolling Stones ' 1967 album Between the Buttons .
Tot ce e bun tre ' să dispară ( `` Everything That 's Good Has Got To Go '' ) is the 17th studio album by Romanian rap group Paraziții .
Gimme Five is the second album by the Canadian alternative rock band The Killjoys .
`` Chhookar Mere Man Ko Kiya Toone Kya Ishaara '' is a song from the 1981 Hindi film Yaarana , sung by Kishore Kumar .
`` Rap Name '' is the debut single of American rapper Obie Trice , released as a limited edition vinyl recording , taken from the deluxe edition of the soundtrack to the film 8 Mile .
`` Communication Break '' is Aya Kamiki 's first major single , and the title track was the ending theme song of the CDTV during March .
Sound of Impact is an official live bootleg by the post - hardcore band Big Black .
`` ( Hey Wo n't You Play ) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song '' is an American country and pop song made famous by B.J. Thomas .
Spitshine is the third studio album by Australian hip hop artist and member of The Herd , Urthboy .
`` U Make My Sun Shine '' is a song by Prince , released on April 10 , 2001 .
Image Is Everything is Jughead 's Revenge 's fourth studio album , released in 1996 .
`` Flagpole Sitta '' is a song by American rock band Harvey Danger from their 1997 debut album , Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone ? .
Syrophenikan is an album by Canadian ambient / electronic music group Delerium in 1990 .
Gravel & Wine is the second album from New Zealand pop singer Gin Wigmore , released in New Zealand on 7 November 2011 .
Cheepnis is a song by Frank Zappa and The Mothers , which is a tribute to B - movies .
`` Sexy in Latin '' was the fifth single to be released by Little Man Tate .
`` Lost Without Each Other '' is a song written and performed by American pop - rock band Hanson .
Free the Music is the fourth and second major - label studio album by American country music artist Jerrod Niemann .
Numbers & Mumbles ( 2004 ) is the second full - length release by Say Hi .
Sign of the Winner is the second full - length album by the French power metal band Heavenly .
Want Two is the fourth album by American - Canadian singer - songwriter Rufus Wainwright .
`` I Guess I 'll Miss the Man '' is a song written by Stephen Schwartz and released as a single by Motown singing group The Supremes in 1972 from their album The Supremes Produced and Arranged by Jimmy Webb .
13 's Reborn is the debut album released by Girugamesh on September 27 , 2006 .
Elements of Persuasion , released March 29 , 2005 , is Dream Theater lead singer James LaBrie 's third solo album , his first two being Keep It to Yourself and MullMuzzler 2 , which were released under his band MullMuzzler .
Best of The Doobies Volume II is a compilation album by the rock band The Doobie Brothers , released in 1981 .
`` Gravity Grave '' is a song by English rock band The Verve and was released as the band 's third single in the United Kingdom on 5 October 1992 ( see 1992 in British music ) by Hut Recordings .
Athlit is an album by ambient musician Oöphoi .
First recorded in 1968 by Barbara Acklin , `` Am I the Same Girl '' charted most successfully in the US as a 1992 release by Swing Out Sister .
`` Despre tine '' ( English : About you ) is the third single release from O - Zone 's second album Number 1 , and came back in their last album , DiscO - Zone .
`` Talk Me Down '' ( stylized as `` TALK ME DOWN '' ) is a song by Australian singer and songwriter Troye Sivan from his debut studio album Blue Neighbourhood ( 2015 ) .
`` One Less Set of Footsteps '' is a 1973 single written and recorded by Jim Croce .
New Wave Hot Dogs is the second album released , in 1987 , by alternative rock band Yo La Tengo .
Remind Me in 3 Days ... is the debut studio album by American alternative hip hop duo The Knux , released in 2008 .
The Hottest Night of the Year is a studio album by Canadian country music artist Anne Murray .
`` He 's Back and I 'm Blue '' is a song written by Robert Anderson and Michael Woody , and recorded by American country rock group The Desert Rose Band .
The Astral Factor is the first full - length album by Swedish progressive rock band Waterclime .
Harsh Generation is the third album release by Dutch Aggrotech band , Grendel .
Playin ' to Win is the fourth album by American southern rock band Outlaws , released in 1978 .
`` Cemetery Gates '' is a power ballad by American heavy metal band Pantera .
`` 1000 Dreams '' is a song performed by French recording duo Miss Kittin & The Hacker , taken from their second studio album , Two .
Cult Fiction is the third studio album by Virginia based metalcore band Spitfire .
`` Spasticus Autisticus '' is a song written by Ian Dury and co - written by Chaz Jankel , released both as a single and on the album Lord Upminster .
`` A Little Too Not Over You '' is the official second single by American Idol season 7 runner up David Archuleta , taken from his self - titled debut album .
Patashnik ( 1994 ) is an ambient house album , the second release by musician Biosphere ( alias Geir Jenssen ) .
Touch Me ! is Japanese singer - songwriter Mai Kuraki 's eighth studio album , which was released on January 21 , 2009 , in Japan by her record label Northern Music .
Sound of Love is a live album by jazz drummer Paul Motian recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1995 and on the Winter & Winter label in 1997 .
`` Never Can Say Goodbye '' is a song written by Clifton Davis and originally recorded by The Jackson 5 .
Whispers and Promises is an instrumental - pop studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1989 .
Identisick is the fourth studio album by French death metal band Benighted .
Habítame Siempre ( English : Live in me always ) is the eleventh studio album by Mexican recording artist Thalía , released on November 19 , 2012 by Sony Music Latin .
No Smoke , No Mirrors is British band The Holloways ' second studio album , released on 5 October 2009 .
Dünya Yalan Söylüyor ( The World is Telling Lies ) is the fourth studio album of Turkish Alternative rock band Mor ve Ötesi .
Brown and Orange is an album by the Australian folk comedian The Bedroom Philosopher ( Justin Heazlewood ) released in February 2009 .
The Attitude Song is the sixth song of guitarist Steve Vai 's debut solo album Flex - Able which was released in 1984 .
`` Atrévete - te - te '' ( English : Dare Yourself - self - self ) is a Grammy - Nominated reggaeton song by Puerto Rican urban duo Calle 13 from their eponymous debut album Calle 13 , released in February 2006 , by White Lion Records .
I 'd Rather Suck My Thumb is the fourth album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown recorded in 1969 for the Impulse ! label .
`` Get Right '' is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her fourth studio album , Rebirth ( 2005 ) .
Parceria dos Viajantes is the eighteenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho .
`` Taste the Pain '' is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from the album Mother 's Milk , and was the third and final single from that album .
To All My Friends in Far - Flung Places is a 1994 album by Dave Van Ronk , the theme of which was to perform versions of songs written by people he knew .
Quick Change World is the fourth solo album released by Ric Ocasek , who was the lead singer and songwriter for The Cars .
`` 14 Years '' is the second track on the Guns N ' Roses album Use Your Illusion II .
A Private Heaven , released in 1984 , was the seventh album release by Scottish singer Sheena Easton .
`` Lee Majors Come Again '' is a song by alternative hip hop group Beastie Boys , released as the first single from their eighth studio album Hot Sauce Committee Part Two ( 2011 ) .
`` We Wo n't Give In '' is the final single from the album You Boyz Make Big Noize by rock band Slade .
`` Cuando Me Enamoro '' ( English : `` When I Fall in Love '' ) is a Latin pop song written and performed by Spanish pop singer - songwriter Enrique Iglesias and featuring Dominican singer - songwriter Juan Luis Guerra released on 26 April 2010 , as the first single from his ninth studio album .
Blood of the Earth is the twenty - fourth studio album ( twenty - sixth overall ) by the British space rock group Hawkwind , released on 21 June 2010 .
Expatriape is the first album by Hairy Apes BMX released 1999 .
`` Need You to Show Me '' is the debut single of Australian band Rogue Traders .
Invocation of Magick is the ninth album by Runemagick .
Absurd - Ditties is the seventh full - length album by the Punk band Toy Dolls .
`` If I Can Dream '' is a song made famous by Elvis Presley , written by Walter Earl Brown and notable for its direct quotations of Martin Luther King , Jr ..
Billion Dollar Gravy is a drum n bass album by London Elektricity released in 2003 .
`` ( The System of ) Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether '' is a 1976 single by The Alan Parsons Project which first appeared on their album Tales of Mystery and Imagination :
Room No . 382 is a remix album by Miyavi released on December 24 , 2008 .
`` Affair of the Heart '' is a hit song performed by rock musician Rick Springfield .
Abriendo las puertas al amor is the fourth single from La Chica Dorada , the first album by Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio .
Midnight Wire is the fifth studio album by Curved Air and was recorded in 1975 .
Tokyo Day Trip is a live EP by Pat Metheny , Christian McBride and Antonio Sanchez , referred to on the official Pat Metheny website as the Pat Metheny Trio , and released on May 13 , 2008 .
`` Get It on the Floor''is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX , released as the second single from his fifth album Grand Champ ( 2003 ) .
`` Can I Count on You '' is a song written by Terry McBride , Bill Carter and Ruth Ellsworth , and recorded by American country music group McBride & the Ride .
`` Put Your Records On '' is a song by English soul singer -- songwriter Corinne Bailey Rae from her debut album , Corinne Bailey Rae ( 2006 ) .
`` Calling On '' is a single by New Zealand band Weta , off their only studio album Geographica .
`` Mean Girl '' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1973 .
To Keep from Crying is the second album by progressive folk band Comus , released in 1974 .
Comfort / Distraction is the third studio album by the punk rock band Broadway Calls .
Flaming Galah is Australian rock band Fraternity 's second and final studio album , released in 1972 .
Dare to Be Stupid is the third studio album by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic , released in 1985 .
`` Toothpaste Kisses '' is a track from The Maccabees ' album Colour It In .
The Dragon of an Ordinary Family is an album by British hip - hop artist Jehst , released on his label YNR Productions , on 19 June 2011 .
Jazz Goes to the Movies is an album by American jazz arranger and conductor Manny Albam recorded in 1962 for the Impulse ! label .
`` Why Ca n't I Be You ? '' is a song by the English rock band The Cure , released as a single from their 1987 album Kiss Me , Kiss Me , Kiss Me .
' Til the End of Forever is an album by Michael Bolton , released in 2005 .
The Glare is a 2009 album pairing Michael Nyman with David McAlmont .
The Remote Viewer was originally released in CD - R format by Coil .
Play God is the 1991 album by heavy metal band Reverend .
Lynn Teeter Flower is the second album by Maria Taylor and was released on March 6 , 2007 .
Got ta Be Me is the 7th studio album by rapper Devin the Dude , released on November 2 , 2010 .
To Be True is an album released by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes on the Philadelphia International record label in February 1975 .
`` How Can Heaven Love Me '' is a 1995 single by soprano Sarah Brightman and Chris Thompson , from her album Fly .
Muovi antaa periksi ( 1995 ) is the second album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste .
Siluurikaudella is the seventh album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord .
Born Legendary is the third studio album by American rapper Hussein Fatal , originally planned to be released in 2007 , The album was released June 16 , 2009 .
Urban Nature is the second album from Australian R&B singer Cristian Alexanda .
Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari ( trans . Greetings from the land of Safari ) is the third studio album by former Yugoslav band Zabranjeno Pušenje released in 1987 .
Torment and Toreros is the second album to be released by Marc and the Mambas , the album reached # 28 in the UK album charts in August 1983 .
`` I Love You Love Me Love '' was a popular song by Gary Glitter .
Fadanuf Fa Erybody ! ! is the debut album by American hip hop trio Odd Squad ( now known as the Coughee Brothaz ) .
`` Watchin ' '' is a song by dance band Freemasons .
Beat Beat Heartbeat was the first full - length album released by The Natural History on May 20 , 2003 .
The Rare Delight of You is a 2002 album by jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli accompanied by pianist George Shearing and his quintet .
`` I 'm Coming '' is a Korean - language song , and the first single from the album Rain 's World , by Korean singer Rain .
`` Honey Pie '' is a song by the Beatles , from their 1968 eponymous album The Beatles , also known as `` the White Album '' .
`` Lies to Me '' is the second single by Canadian rock group 54 - 40 from the band 's seventh studio album , Trusted by Millions .
`` Do What 's Good for Me '' is a song recorded by Dutch Eurodance band 2 Unlimited .
Another Phase is Maria Mena 's debut album , which was released by Sony Music Norway .
`` Computech '' is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro released on cassette tape in 1989 .
`` We Bring an Arsenal '' was supposed to be the second single from Weapons , the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets , planned to be released 4 June 2012 .
Pacific Dust ( EP ) is a 7-song EP by northern California rock band The Mother Hips .
Domain of Death is the third full - length studio album by the band Mortician .
`` Bye Bye Beautiful '' is the second track on Nightwish 's Dark Passion Play album .
`` Calling It Wrong '' is a song as well as an EP by The Shermans , released as their first single on April 21 , 2007 .
Auric Goldfinger was played by German actor Gert Fröbe .
Fold Your Hands Child , You Walk Like a Peasant is the fourth album from the Scottish group Belle & Sebastian .
And They Came Baring Bones is the third album by American post - hardcore band Vanna .
`` 4 the Tears in Your Eyes '' is a song by Prince and The Revolution .
The Scene Is Dead is the second and last album by This Is Menace .
`` Dreadlock Holiday '' is a reggae song by 10cc .
`` Busy Being Fabulous '' is the second single by the American rock band Eagles from their 2007 album Long Road out of Eden .
Shoutin ' is an album by American saxophonist Don Wilkerson recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label .
Allmusic reviewer Jonathan Widran describes the songs on Page of Life as `` amazing showcases '' for Anderson 's singing and Vangelis ' instrumentation ; the lyrics are described as `` clever social commentary '' .
Antipop is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Primus , released on October 19 , 1999 before their hiatus in 2000 - 2003 .
Spice Crackers is the fifth studio album from German synthpop group Camouflage , released in September 11 , 1995 by BMG .
Puta 's Fever is an album by Mano Negra , released on September 1 , 1989 .
Gothic Electronic Anthems is the debut studio album from industrial metal band Gothminister .
Undaground Legend is the first major studio album ( second overall ) by rapper Lil ' Flip .
`` Cortez the Killer '' is a song by Neil Young from his 1975 album , Zuma .
Mary C. Brown and the Hollywood Sign was the fourth solo LP by Dory Previn , released in November 1972 .
The Joy of Motion is the third album by instrumental progressive metal group Animals as Leaders .
You Are Free is the sixth album by American singer - songwriter Cat Power ( a.k.a . Chan Marshall ) .
Beyond Coma and Despair is the third album by Indonesian metal band , Burgerkill .
Waikyoku is an album by Japanese - American rap artist Shing02 , released on June 18 , 2008 .
Mes repères is a 2009 album recorded by French rap artist La Fouine .
The Ideal Copy is the fourth studio album by the English rock group Wire .
Seven Souls is a 1989 album by the New York based music group Material .
Songs for Wandering Souls is the thirteenth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the fourth to feature his Tiny Bell Trio .
Turtle Soup is the last original studio album by The Turtles .
`` Jingle Bells / U Ca n't Touch This '' is a 2005 Crazy Frog cover of the Christmas song `` Jingle Bells '' and a cover of `` U Ca n't Touch This '' , ( originally MC Hammer ) .
White Tomb is the debut album by Irish ambient black metal band Altar of Plagues .
Little Ol' Cowgirl is the second studio album by American country band Dixie Chicks , released in 1992 ( see 1992 in music ) .
O A e o Z ( also known as A e o Z , or `` A '' e o `` Z '' , Portuguese : The A and the Z ) is an album by Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes .
`` Candy Cane Children '' is a single by American garage rock band The White Stripes .
European Tour 1977 is an album by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in 1977 in Munich , Germany and released on the Watt / ECM label in 1978 .
Ballads from Deep Gap is the second studio album by American folk music artist Doc Watson and Merle Watson , released in 1967 .
`` A Walk '' is a song written by Greg Graffin from the punk rock group Bad Religion .
Passive Control is the third studio album recorded by Yonderboi .
`` Zaleilah '' is a song by Romanian Latino band Mandinga .
Loco Motive is an album by American country rap artist Cowboy Troy .
Schlager Metal is a 1998 album by Swedish heavy metal band Black Ingvars .
`` You Must Love Me is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Madonna .
Where 's the Party ? is Eddie Money 's fifth album , released in 1983 .
Twice Upon a Rhyme is an LP record by Paul Levinson with Ed Fox and Peter Rosenthal .
Mat bez elektrichestva ( Russian : Мат без электричества , means ' Mat(e ) without the electricity ' , where Russian word ' mat ' referred to Russian mat and Checkmate ) is second studio album of the Russian band Leningrad and their first album to have Sergei Shnurov as lead vocalist .
`` Who You Lovin '' is the third solo single by Australian singer Conrad Sewell .
`` Dear Maria , Count Me In '' is a song from American rock band All Time Low 's second studio album So Wrong , It 's Right ( 2007 ) .
Take Off and Landing is a 1998 Yoshinori Sunahara album .
`` Separate Ways ( Worlds Apart ) '' is a song by Journey from their album Frontiers and released as a single on January 5 , 1983 .
`` Deep Inside '' is a song by American R&B singer - songwriter Mary J. Blige .
It 's Only Time is the second studio album and major label debut by singer - songwriter Drake Bell .
Drag It Up is the sixth studio album by American country / rock band Old 97 's , first released on July 27 , 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .
`` Why Must We Wait Until Tonight '' is a song performed by recording artist Tina Turner from for her 1993 What 's Love Got to Do with It soundtrack album .
Home School Valedictorian is the second album by Las Vegas , Nevada hard rock band Adelitas Way , released on June 7 , 2011 .
`` Impressive Instant '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Madonna from her 2000 studio album Music .
Havana Candy is the second album by American vocalist and songwriter Patti Austin recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label .
Jersey 's Best Dancers is the third studio album by the New Jersey band Lifetime .
Black Antlers is a studio album by the experimental band Coil .
Gravitasjon is a musical album , released by the DumDum Boys in 2006 .
Retraced is the second studio album released by American rock guitarist Jake E. Lee .
Mountaintops is an album by Mates of State released through Barsuk on September 13 , 2011 .
`` The Safety Dance '' is a song by Canadian new wave band Men Without Hats , released in Canada in January 1983 as the second single from Rhythm of Youth .
`` Until She Comes '' is a 1991 song by the English band The Psychedelic Furs from their seventh studio album , World Outside .
Eterno , released on June 20 , 2000 , is the second studio album by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi .
`` Shake Your Pom Pom '' is a song by Missy Elliott , and is a single from the Step Up 2 the Streets soundtrack .
`` Stressed Out '' is a song written and recorded by American alternative hip hop band Twenty One Pilots for their fourth studio album , Blurryface .
`` If You Love Me ( Let Me Know ) '' is a song written by John Rostill that was a 1974 hit single for Olivia Newton - John .
`` I Love the Nightlife ( Disco ' Round ) '' is a popular disco song recorded by Alicia Bridges in 1978 .
Use Your Confusion is the second studio album by American hip hop group Juggaknots .
`` Mr Medicine '' is the fourth single from British recording artist Eliza Doolittle , taken from her debut album Eliza Doolittle .
Romantic ? is the sixth studio album by the English synthpop band The Human League .
`` Weekend Without Makeup '' was the first single to be taken from The Long Blondes ' first album Someone to Drive You Home .
Spusti me na zemlju is the fourth , studio album from Serbian rock band Negative .
Octave of the Holy Innocents is a studio album by Swedish bassist Jonas Hellborg , experimental guitarist Buckethead and drummer Michael Shrieve first released in 1993 .
`` Honey , This Mirror Is n't Big Enough for the Two of Us '' is the second single released by the band My Chemical Romance from their debut album , I Brought You My Bullets , You Brought Me Your Love ( and second overall single ) .
`` Lafayette Blues '' is the second 7 `` single of the Detroit - based American garage rock band The White Stripes .
Big & Beautiful is the third studio album by hip hop group The Fat Boys , released in May 1986 through Sutra Records ; this would be their last release on that label .
`` She 's Like a Comet '' is the first single from Kosciuszko , the fifth studio album from Australian alternative rock band , Jebediah ; the single was released on 2 February 2011 .
`` Sister Disco '' is the fourth track from The Who 's eighth album Who Are You .
Long Play Album was the first album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45 , released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1981 .
Morning Orbit is the second solo album released by Canadian musician David Usher .
`` Cryin ' for Me ( Wayman 's Song ) '' is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith , recorded on his album American Ride .
La Grande Danse Macabre is the seventh studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk .
`` Cleva '' is the third and final single from American singer Erykah Badu 's second studio album , Mama 's Gun ( 2000 ) .
`` Late Last Night '' was a single written by Phil Judd and originally recorded by Split Enz in Australia in 1976 .
`` Lay Down Beside Me '' is a song written by American country music artist Don Williams .
This Fall is a studio album by Joseph Williams released in 2008 , the first containing new original material since 1997 's 3 .
`` Let 's Shake Hands '' is the debut 7 `` single of Detroit - based American garage rock band The White Stripes .
The ' Umu is the fourth studio album by Australian hip hop act Koolism , released in September 2010 by Invada Records .
Superstar Car Wash is the fourth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls , released in February , 1993 on Warner Bros. John Rzeznik wrote the song `` We Are the Normal '' with his idol , The Replacements ' singer Paul Westerberg .
Hidden Files is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Havoc , a half of the hip hop duo Mobb Deep .
Butt Rockin ' is the third studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds .
Muti Media is a 2003 album by the Kalahari Surfers , the recording identity of South African musician Warrick Sony .
`` Glamorous Sky '' is Mika Nakashima 's 16th single overall , her 1st under the name Nana starring Mika Nakashima , and the second most successful single in her career after `` Stars '' .
Brace 4 Impak is the first studio album by American hip hop production team Da Beatminerz .
`` Feel Your Love '' is a pop - dance song co - written by Alanis Morissette and Leslie Howe , and produced by Howe for Morissette 's debut album , Alanis ( 1991 ) .
International Superhits ! is a greatest hits album by the American punk rock band Green Day , released November 13 , 2001 through Reprise Records .
`` Forever as One '' is a song by Dutch eurodance group Vengaboys released in 2001 .
Lendas Encantadas is the fourth album by Brazilian progressive rock band Apocalypse .
Uncle Jam Wants You is the eleventh studio album by American funk band Funkadelic .
Stereo typ ( English : Stereotype ) is a studio album by Polish singer Kayah , released in 2003 .
Through Silver in Blood is the fifth album from the California based post - metal band Neurosis .
`` Go to Church '' is the second official single from Ice Cube 's album Laugh Now , Cry Later .
In the Mouth of the Young is the second full - length and first major label album by the band Bullets and Octane .
`` I 'm a Rat '' is the fifth single by punk rock band Towers of London .
`` Tomorrow Comes Today '' is a song from alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz 's self - titled debut album Gorillaz and was their first release when issued as an EP in November 2000 .
Drunken Lullabies is a 2002 album by the Irish - American punk band Flogging Molly .
A Semblance of Normality is the eleventh studio album by the British folk metal band Skyclad , released in the year 2004 .
Dream Merchant Vol . 1 is the first compilation album from producer 9th Wonder , formerly of Little Brother .
Comes from the Heart is the second release by American melodic hardcore band Stick to Your Guns .
Praises to the King is reggae , dancehall artist Capleton 's eleventh studio album .
`` I Laugh in Your Face '' is a ballad performed by the Bee Gees , written by Barry , Robin & Maurice Gibb and released in March 1969 on the album Odessa .
Join the Army is the second album by American crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies .
`` Killing Loneliness '' is a song released by the Finnish band HIM , released in February 2006 in Germany and in April in the UK as a single from their 2005 breakthrough Dark Light .
`` Never Too Far '' is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey for her first soundtrack album , Glitter ( 2001 ) .
The Turn of the Lights is the third solo album of Brazilian vocalist / pianist Andre Matos .
Breakfast in the Field is the debut recording by guitarist Michael Hedges released on the Windham Hill label in 1981 .
Re matto ( Italian : ( ˈre ˈmatto ) ; English : `` Mad king '' ) is the second studio EP by Italian singer Marco Mengoni .
Far Away Lands is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on May 26 , 1967 and released on the Blue Note label .
`` Mic Check '' is the first single by rapper Juelz Santana from his second studio album What the Game 's Been Missing!.
`` Groove Is in the Heart '' is a song by American dance band Deee - Lite .
`` Ænema '' is a song by rock band Tool , released as the third single from their second album Ænima .
Moog Indigo is the eighth solo album by electronic music pioneer Jean - Jacques Perrey .
Endorama is the ninth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1999 by Drakkar Records .
`` Om du var här '' ( `` If you were here '' ) is a single CD by the Swedish band Kent released in 1996 .
`` Boogie Chillen ' '' or `` Boogie Chillun '' is a blues song first recorded by John Lee Hooker in 1948 .
Fables & Dreams is the second studio album from the Swiss symphonic metal band Lunatica .
Hier sind die Onkelz ( German for This is the Onkelz ) is the 11th album for German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz .
T - Bird Rhythm is the fourth studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds released in 1982 .
`` Such a Shame '' is a song written by Mark Hollis for the English band Talk Talk 's second album It 's My Life ( 1984 ) .
`` Good Times Bad Times '' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , featured as the opening track on their 1969 debut album Led Zeppelin .
Hi - Octane Coffee is the second album by American singer - songwriter Lili Añel released in 2001 on Original JB Music .
Seminal Vampires and Maggot Men is an album by the death metal band Abscess .
`` Wait Forever '' is a song by Robin Gibb , released from the album Magnet .
`` Dim All the Lights '' is a song by American recording artist Donna Summer that bowed at # 70 on 25 August 1979 and peaked at # 2 on 10 - -17 November 1979 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
From the Bottom 2 the Top is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Coolio .
`` Take the Long Way Home '' is the fourth single and sixth track of Supertramp 's 1979 album Breakfast in America .
Kivenkantaja ( `` Stonebearer '' ) is the third full - length album by Finnish pagan metal band Moonsorrow .
`` Swing , Swing '' is a song by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released as their debut single from their self - titled debut studio album on December 2 , 2002 .
The Happiness Project is the title of Charles Spearin 's debut album .
`` Let Love Lead the Way '' is a song by British pop girl - group the Spice Girls , released as one of the two songs picked as the lead single from their third studio album , Forever ( 2000 ) .
`` Born to Try '' is a song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Delta Goodrem , written by Audius Mtawarira and produced by Ric Wake for her debut studio album Innocent Eyes ( 2003 ) .
A Thousand Miles Left Behind is the second studio album by American country music band Gloriana .
Washed Up and Through the Ringer ! is a 2001 album by ska punk band Catch 22 .
I Took Up the Runes is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek released on the ECM label and performed by Garbarek , Rainer Brüninghaus , Eberhard Weber , Nana Vasconcelos , Manu Katché , and Bugge Wesseltoft with Ingor Ánte Áilo Gaup contributing vocals .
April Kisses is a jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli , released in 1999 .
Tits ' n Ass is a studio album by Dutch rock band Golden Earring .
Two Thousand and Ten Injuries is the third studio album from Swedish indie - pop group Love Is All .
`` Please Stand Up '' was the second single from British Sea Power 's second album Open Season .
The Game Is Won is the third single from the début album Breathe In by English singer - songwriter Lucie Silvas .
King of Horrorcore is the second studio album released by horrorcore rap artist King Gordy .
Legend Land is an EP by the symphonic metal band Leaves ' Eyes , released on June 2 , 2006 as a follow - up to the album Vinland Saga .
Did I Shave My Back for This ? is the third album from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd .
`` Turn My Back on You '' is the fourth single from Sade 's third studio album , Stronger Than Pride ( 1988 ) .
Jalopy Go Far is the second release from the pop rock band , Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer .
Petrolhead is the third studio album by Cold Chisel guitarist / vocalist Ian Moss .
Strictly Rude is the fourth full - length album from Boston ska punk act Big D and the Kids Table .
`` Gossip Folks '' is a song by American hip - hop artist Missy Elliott , featuring Ludacris .
`` Ms. New Booty '' is a hip hop song by American rapper Bubba Sparxxx .
Promise Lands is the fourth album by English band Lowgold , released in 2008 on Goldhawk Recordings .
Her Şey Aşktan ( or Herşey Aşktan with alternative spelling ) ( Turkish : Everything from love ) , is Işın Karaca 's seventh studio album , released on 8 May 2013 .
A Luta Continua ( Portuguese for The Struggle Continues ) is a studio album by Big Youth that was released in 1986 .
Strange Alliance is the debut album by Tommy Keene and was self - released on LP in 1982 on his Avenue Records label ( catalog # AVE 001 ) .
Ride , Ride , Ride is the debut studio album by American country artist Lynn Anderson .
Frisz & Sympatisz is the sixth studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance .
Cabbage Alley is the fourth studio album by the funk group The Meters , inspired in part by Professor Longhair 's `` Hey Now Baby '' .
Voodoo Lounge is the 20th British and 22nd American studio album by The Rolling Stones , released in July 1994 .
Solar Ray ( stylized and subtitled as SOLAR RAY Hirasawa best recycling album Recycled by P - MODEL kernel ) is a 2001 remix album by Susumu Hirasawa .
Scorpiorighting is an album released in 2002 by New Zealand band Garageland .
Every Struggle is the second studio album by Riyu Kosaka and her first major album since she joined record label Avex Trax .
Extremities , Dirt and Various Repressed Emotions is the eighth studio album by English rock band Killing Joke , recorded in August 1990 and in November 1990 by record label Noise .
`` There Must Be an Angel ( Playing with My Heart ) '' is a 1985 song written and performed by the British musical duo Eurythmics .
`` Stuntin ' Like My Daddy '' is the first single from Birdman and Lil Wayne 's album , Like Father , Like Son .
`` Dónde Irán '' ( Where will they go ) is La 5ª Estación 's first single release from their first studio album , Primera toma .
`` How to Be a Heartbreaker '' is a song by Welsh recording artist Marina and the Diamonds from the American version of her second studio album Electra Heart ( 2012 ) .
The Painter 's Palette is the second album by Italian avant - garde metal / jazz band Ephel Duath .
Sundown on the Forest is an album by the rock group Kingfish .
Come Now Sleep was the second studio album by Christian rock / post - hardcore / indie rock band As Cities Burn , which was produced by Matt Goldman , and it was released on August 14 , 2007 by Tooth & Nail / Solid State labels .
Permission to Land is the debut studio album released by British hard rock band The Darkness .
The Rise & Fall is the fourth studio album by the British ska / pop band Madness .
`` Surely '' is a 1995 single by British pop group Five Star .
`` One Hell of a Woman '' is a 1974 song ( see 1974 in music ) by the American singer - songwriter Mac Davis .
`` Spiralling '' is a song released by Keane , on 4 August 2008 at 10:59 ( CEST ) as the first single of their third album , Perfect Symmetry .
`` Get Buck '' is the second single off American rapper Young Buck 's second album , Buck the World .
`` Rose , My Rocket - Brain ! '' is a 2004 single by the band Stereolab for the tour of the album Margerine Eclipse .
Extraordinary Ways is an album by Canadian electronic music project Conjure One .
Play Dusty for Me is the second solo album by English singer and songwriter David Westlake .
I Do n't Want to Go Home was the first album by seminal New Jersey rock / R&B band Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes .
A Man 's Not a Camel is Frenzal Rhomb 's fourth full length album , released in March 1999 .
Somewhere Far Beyond is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Blind Guardian .
`` And Love Goes On '' is a song by the American R&B band Earth , Wind & Fire which was written by David Foster , Larry Dunn , Brenda Russell , Verdine White and Maurice White .
My Own Private Amsterdam is the first full - length album by Pistol Youth , released in 2010 .
`` Slam the Hammer Down '' is a single from rock band Slade which appeared on the album The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome and its U.S. counterpart album , titled Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply .
Hello Nasty is the fifth studio album by the Beastie Boys .
`` C'est dans l'air '' ( English : `` It 's in the Air '' ) is a 2008 electronic dance song recorded by French singer - songwriter Mylène Farmer .
The Land of Heroes is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album recorded and released in 1995 .
El Momento Descuidado ( a Spanish rendering of `` The Unguarded Moment '' ) is the eighteenth album by the Australian psychedelic rock band The Church , released in November 2004 .
Spitting Venom is the debut , self - released EP from English heavy metal band Savage Messiah .
Beaded Dreams Through Turquoise Eyes is the sixth album by Native American / Mexican American band Redbone .
Fight the Frequency is the fourth studio album by American pop punk band American Hi - Fi , released on August 17 , 2010 .
Shattered Existence is the debut album by the British thrash metal band Xentrix .
Diary of a Hollow Horse is the fifth studio album by English new wave group China Crisis , released in 1989 .
`` Anybody Seen My Baby ? '' is a song by the English rock band The Rolling Stones featured on their 1997 album Bridges to Babylon .
Umpatampa is the second studio album by Israeli singer Dana International , released on the IMP Dance label in 1994 with the catalogue number is IMP 2012 - 2 .
`` Cold Irons Bound '' is a Grammy Award - winning song written by Bob Dylan , recorded in January 1997 and released on September 30 , 1997 on his critically acclaimed album Time Out of Mind .
Country Boy and Country Girl is the name of a Country music duet album , with the Country singers , Jimmy Dean and Dottie West .
Coast to Coast Fever is the third solo album by Canadian singer - songwriter David Wiffen .
`` Funk It Up '' is a song recorded by Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota for his eighth studio album , Sunshine , Moonlight ( 1995 ) .
Shimmering Lights is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie - rock band The Meligrove Band , released September 21 , 2010 on vinyl and CD .
The Grand Leveller is the second album by the death metal band Benediction and the first to feature Dave Ingram on vocals .
Wires ... and the Concept of Breathing is the first full - length album by American post - hardcore band A Skylit Drive .
Heavy Metal Hippies is the eleventh studio album by Japanese band Loudness .
Život teče u laganom ritmu ( Eng . The life is flowing in slow rhythm ) is an album of Zvonko Bogdan , Croatian / Bunjevac singer from Vojvodina , Serbia .
Hope Is Important is the first full - length studio album by Scottish rock band Idlewild , released 19 October 1998 .
Abulum is the solo debut album by former Toad the Wet Sprocket singer / songwriter Glen Phillips .
A Celebration in Song is the twenty - fourth studio album by Australian pop singer Olivia Newton - John , released on 3 June 2008 by Warner Bros. in Australia .
`` Deathcar '' is the third single from Fightstar 's second album One Day Son , This Will All Be Yours , and was released on 3 December 2007 .
`` Friday on My Mind '' is a 1966 song by Australian rock group The Easybeats .
De Los Valles y Volcanes is the first full length album of the Argentine post - rock band Hacia Dos Veranos released in May 2007 by Scatter Records .
`` I Wanna Make You Feel Good '' is a dance - pop song released in 1984 by The System .
Gate II is the third album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21 , 1998 .
A um bum ( A oom Boom ) is the eighth studio album by the Serbian rock band Električni Orgazam , released on late 1999 .
How Will the Wolf Survive ? is the major label debut album of Los Lobos .
`` Tear It Up ( On Our Worst Behavior ) '' is the debut single by IMx ( then credited as Immature ) .
`` A Life of Illusion '' is a song by the American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist Joe Walsh , which became a hit and one of his most recognizable songs .
`` Going On '' is the second single taken from Gnarls Barkley 's second studio album The Odd Couple .
Consider the Lilies is a religious album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir .
`` Johnny the Horse '' is a single by British band Madness from their 1999 album Wonderful .
`` Awaiting on You All '' is a song by English musician George Harrison , released on his 1970 triple album , All Things Must Pass .
Stylistic Changes is the first full - length solo album by Norwegian Progressive / Heavy metal guitarist Carl August Tidemann .
Heavy Metal Soul by the Pound is the fifth full length album from metal / funk / soul pioneers 24 - 7 Spyz .
`` Cross Bones Style '' is a song by the American singer / songwriter Cat Power ( also known as Chan Marshall ) .
We Must Become the Pitiless Censors of Ourselves is the third LP from the American electronic musician John Maus , released in 2011 , on Ribbon Music in the USA and Upset the Rhythm in the UK .
`` Pain Is So Close to Pleasure '' is a song by Queen , released only in Canada , Germany , the Netherlands and the USA as the second single from their 1986 album A Kind of Magic .
True Game is the debut album by American rapper CJ Mac & producer Mad .
Burn and Shiver is the third release by Azure Ray ( and second full length album ) , released by WARM in 2002 .
`` I 'm Still Here ( Jim 's Theme ) '' is a song written by The Goo Goo Dolls frontman John Rzeznik for Disney 's animated film Treasure Planet .
Rhythm Shower is an album by The Upsetters , released in 1973 .
So Says I is a song by American indie rock band The Shins , the third track of their second album Chutes Too Narrow .
Sinatra Sings Days of Wine and Roses , Moon River , and Other Academy Award Winners ( or simply Academy Award Winners ) is a 1964 album by Frank Sinatra , focusing on songs that won the Academy Award for Best Song .
Penguins on the Moon is Sack Trick 's second album which was produced , recorded and mixed by Alex Dickson .
`` The Secret Life of Arabia '' is a song written by David Bowie , Brian Eno and Carlos Alomar in 1977 for the album `` Heroes '' .
Navega is the debut album by the Cape Verdean musician Mayra Andrade , released in 2006 .
Portrait of Wes is the tenth album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery , released in 1963 .
`` Middledistancerunner '' is the second official single taken from the 2010 Chicane album Giants .
Something Personal is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1967 .
The Girl Who Could n't Fly is an album by British folk musician Kate Rusby , released in 2005 .
Roots Rock Riot is the second album from Welsh rock band Skindred .
`` Entends - tu le monde ? '' is the first single released from 7 vies , the second French - language album by Australian singer Tina Arena .
I Remember Blind Joe Death is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey , released in 1987 .
Irresistible Bliss was Soul Coughing 's second album , released in 1996 ) .
Get Us out of Here is the second and final studio album by Freur and was released in the Netherlands and Germany in 1986 .
`` Lord Have Mercy on the Working Man '' is a song written by Kostas and recorded by American country music singer Travis Tritt .
A Collection of Vibrations for Your Skull is the first full - length album released by Danish indie pop band Treefight for Sunlight .
Prince of the Ville is the debut album by rapper All Star Cashville Prince , it was released through the independent label , Loyalty Records & Inevitable Records .
End of Daze is the fourth EP by Dum Dum Girls released September 25 , 2012 .
Canciones desde una prisión is the twelfth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón .
Death Alley is the sixth studio album by the hardcore punk band Zeke .
Le Bleu is the third and best - known solo album by acoustic guitarist Justin King .
Kerjäläisten valtakunta ( English : The Realm of Beggars ) is a 1985 album by the Finnish rock band Dingo .
`` Es ( Theme of Es ) '' ( officially written ( es)~Theme of es~ ) is the eighth single released by Mr. Children on May 10 , 1995 .
`` Heart of the Sunrise '' is a progressive rock song by British band Yes .
Blue Screen Life is the second album released by indie rock band Pinback .
Galahs in the Gidgee is the first album released by Colin Buchanan in 1991 .
Somewhere in the Between is the third studio album by American ska punk band Streetlight Manifesto , released November 13 , 2007 .
Only a Woman Like You is an album by Michael Bolton , released in 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) .
`` Do n't You See ! '' is the 19th single by pop / rock band Zard and is the second closing theme song of the anime series Dragon Ball GT .
`` Armed and Stupid '' is a song by Meat Puppets , which was the group 's first promotional release .
Our Puzzling Encounters Considered is the second album by Psyopus , released on February 20 , 2007 .
`` Pretty Wings '' is a single by American singer - songwriter Maxwell 's fourth studio album BLACKsummers'night .
`` The Next Time I Fall '' is a 1986 Billboard Hot 100 No . 1 song written by Bobby Caldwell and Paul Gordon , recorded as a duet by Peter Cetera and Amy Grant for Cetera 's 1986 album Solitude / Solitaire , and as a solo by Caldwell himself for his 1988 album Heart of Mine .
Sacrilegium is the third album by the rock band Devil Doll , released on May 1992 on Hurdy Gurdy Records .
Ahora y Siempre ( Eng . : Now and Forever ) is the title of a studio album released by music group Alacranes Musical .
Deluxxx is Atach Tatuq 's last studio album released on October 4 , 2005 .
`` Sayonee '' ( Urdu : صہیونی , literal English translation : `` soulmate '' ) is a song by the Pakistani sufi rock band Junoon , released in April , 1997 .
Sun Dirt Water is the sixth album and fifth studio album by iconic Australian folk rock band The Waifs .
Does Anybody Miss Me is a 1969 album by Shirley Bassey .
`` Hurry Go Round '' is the eleventh single by Japanese musician hide , the fourth to bear the hide with Spread Beaver name , released on October 21 , 1998 .
The Jaywalker is a studio album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring tracks recorded in 1966 and 1967 and released on the Storyville label in 2004 .
Sandy Garrett was born in Muskogee , Oklahoma , and later graduated from Stilwell High School .
Dina Louise Epstein , ( born 16 July 1965 in Malmö ) is a Swedish journalist and writer .
Sven Grünberg ( born 24 November 1956 , Tallinn ) is an Estonian synthesizer and progressive rock composer and musician most known for his meditative organ and electronic works involving the concepts of Tibetan Buddhism .
Lucie Grolichová ( born January 26 , 1978 in Prague ) is a Czech modern pentathlete .
Born in Raleigh , North Carolina , where her parents were both practicing attorneys , Cate Edwards was educated in the Wake County Public School System .
Simone Mosca ( 1492 - -1554 ) was an Italian sculptor who was born in Settignano ( part of Florence ) .
Sina Candrian ( born 21 November 1988 in Flims ) is a Swiss snowboarder competing in the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics .
Jacob Collamer was born in Troy , New York on January 8 , 1791 , and his family moved to Burlington , Vermont in 1795 .
Claiborne Pell was born on November 22 , 1918 in New York City , the son of Matilda Bigelow and diplomat and congressman Herbert Pell .
Juris Upatnieks ( born 7 May 1936 in Riga ) is a Latvian - American physicist and inventor , and pioneer in the field of holography .
John Pycot was Dean of Exeter between 1280 and 1283 .
Victor Adibe Chikwe ( June 24 , 1938 -- September 16 , 2010 ) was the Nigerian Roman Catholic prelate who served as the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahiara from his appointment on November 18 , 1987 , until his death on September 16 , 2010 .
Michael F. Kresky , Jr. ( May 23 , 1904 -- August 22 , 1978 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from 1937 to 1939 .
Pietro Parolin ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpjetro paroˈliŋ ) ; born 17 January 1955 ) is an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Vilhelm Buhl ( 16 October 1881 -- 18 December 1954 ) was Prime Minister of Denmark from 4 May 1942 to 9 November 1942 as head of the Unity Government ( the Cabinet of Vilhelm Buhl I ) during the German occupation of Denmark of World War II , until the Nazis ordered him removed .
Brett Davis ( born December 5 , 1975 , Oshkosh , Wisconsin ) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Pierre - Herman Dosquet ( 4 March 1691 -- 4 March 1777 ) was the fourth bishop of Quebec .
Zdzisław Chmielewski ( born 4 October 1942 in Falborz ) is a Polish historian , rector of Szczecin University , member of the European Parliament ( elected on 13 June 2004 ) .
Askar Akayevich Akayev ( Аскар Акаевич Акаев ) ( born 10 November 1944 in Kyzyl - Bairak , Kemin District ) was President of Kyrgyzstan from 1990 until his overthrow in the March 2005 Tulip Revolution .
Yosef Sapir ( Hebrew : יוסף ספיר‎ ; January 27 , 1902 -- February 26 , 1972 ) was an Israeli politician and Knesset member of the 1st to 7th Knessets .
Javan ( Hebrew יָוָן , Standard Hebrew Yavan , Tiberian Hebrew Yāwān ) was the fourth son of Noah 's son Japheth according to the `` Table of Nations '' ( Genesis chapter 10 ) in the Hebrew Bible .
Aidan Devane is a resident of the fictional town of Pine Valley from the ABC soap opera All My Children .
Paul Priestly is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera , EastEnders , played by Mark Thrippleton , from 20 April 1989 to 1 March 1990 .
Jason Grimshaw , is a fictional character from the British soap opera Coronation Street .
The New Day Co - Op is a fictional criminal organization on the HBO drama television series The Wire .
Hit - Girl ( real name Mindy McCready ) is a fictional character appearing in the Kick - Ass series , published by Marvel Comics under the company 's imprint Icon Comics .
Jigglypuff is a playable character in all four Super Smash Bros. games .
Maddie Parker is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks portrayed by Yasmin Bannerman .
Ellen Harvelle is a fictional character on The CW Television Network 's Supernatural portrayed by Samantha Ferris .
According to the Hebrew Bible , Zedekiah was made king of Judah by Nebuchadnezzar II in 597 BCE at the age of twenty - one .
Conspiracy 58 ( Swedish : Konspiration 58 or KSP58 ) is a Swedish mockumentary from 2002 , produced by Sveriges Television , the Swedish public broadcaster .
Three Hours is a 1927 American drama film based on the 1926 story Purple and Fine Linen by May Edginton .
Maurizio Calvesi , Lorenzo Canova , Marco Meneguzzo , Marisa Vescovo , Collezione Farnesina Experimenta , Gangemi Editore , 2008 .
Daughter of the Tong is a 1939 crime film about a detective that goes against a female leader of an Oriental crime ring .
Frankenfish is a 2004 American monster movie dealing with genetically engineered fish in the bayou .
Me and the Colonel is a 1958 film based on the play Jacobowsky und der Oberst by Franz Werfel .
The Slipper and the Rose is a 1976 British musical film retelling the classic fairy tale of Cinderella .
Kannika was a 1947 Tamil - language film starring T. E. Varadan , M. S. Sarojini , D. Balasubramaniam , M. R. Santhanalakshmi , N. S. Krishnan , T. A. Mathuram , Kali N. Ratnam , Harini , Hemamalini and Lalitha - Padmini .
Blood Ransom is a 2014 independent American thriller vampire romance film , produced by Tectonic Films .
The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1981 film adaptation of the 1934 novel by the same name by James M. Cain .
Black Gravel ( original title : Schwarzer Kies ) is a German film from 1961 .
On the Front Page is a 1926 American comedy film featuring Stan Laurel .
Benkiya Bale ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಕಿಯ ಬಲೆ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada language film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo .
Won by a Head is a 1920 British silent sports film directed by Percy Nash and starring Rex Davis , Frank Tennant and Vera Cornish .
The Sentimental Bloke ( 1919 ) is an Australian silent film based on the 1915 poem The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke by C. J. Dennis .
The Prussian Cur is a 1918 American anti - German silent propaganda film produced during World War I. Now considered a lost film , it is notable for telling the story of the Crucified Soldier .
Good Morning , Miss Dove is a 1955 DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope film which tells the sentimental story of a beloved schoolteacher who reflects back on her life and former students when she is hospitalized .
Occasional Coarse Language is a 1998 Australian romantic comedy film about a young woman who loses her boyfriend and job in the same day and tries to get her life back on track .
Missing in America is a 2005 drama film , directed , produced , and written by Gabrielle Savage Dockterman .
Attack on the Pin - Up Boys , also known as Flower Boys ' Series of Terror Events or simply Flower Boys ( Hangul : 꽃미남 연쇄 테러사건 ) , is a 2007 South Korean high school mystery / comedy film and is the first film produced by SM Pictures , a subsidiary of SM Entertainment .
Vennila Veedu ( English : Vennila 's House ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil drama film , written and directed by Vetri Mahalingam .
Karate Cop is a 1991 direct - to - video martial arts action film .
Leprechaun 3 is a 1995 American comedy fantasy horror film .
Keralida Simha ( Kannada : ಕೆರಳಿದ ಸಿಂಹ ) is a 1981 Indian Kannada film directed by Chi Dattaraj .
The Big T.N.T. Show is a 1966 concert film .
Fancy Baggage ( 1929 ) is an early drama film released by Warner Bros. in both a silent version and a part - talkie version .
Ghunda Raj ( Punjabi : غنڈہ راج ) is 1994 Pakistani action film .
The Learning Curve is a 2001 American thriller film about two Los Angeles nightclub scenesters who team up as con artists .
A Soldier 's Duty is a film produced by the Edison Company in 1912 .
Ator 2 - L'invincibile Orion ( aka Ator 2 : The Blade Master and Day of The Sword Man in Pakistan ) is an Italian film that was made in 1984 .
Les Soirées de Médan ( `` Evenings at Médan '' ) is a collection of six short stories by six different writers associated with Naturalism , first published in 1880 .
Bariga Boys is a 2009 Nigerian documentary about street performers Segun Adefila and the Crown Troupe , who use guerrilla theatre , music and drama to address issues of poverty in the slums of Bariga in Lagos .
Land of Oblivion ( original French title : La Terre outragée ) is a 2011 film by director Michale Boganim .
No Evidence of Disease was shown in special screenings in 2012 and 2013 .
Ek Hindustani is an Indian action film which released on 1 October 2003 .
Tutu Much , stylised as TuTuMUCH , is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that focuses on the 9- to 12-year - old entering class of the Royal Winnipeg Ballet 's Summer School Program .
Aavesha is a 1990 Indian Kannada - language action film written and directed by Perala .
Home Tweet Home is a 1949 animated short released in 1950 and re - issued in 1958 featuring Sylvester , Tweety , and Hector .
Sleeping with Strangers is a 1994 romantic comedy .
In 1990 , Better Days Ahead won the Special Prize at the Denver Film Festival and Biarritz Film Festival .
Won by a Neck is a 1930 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle .
Nicotina ( English : Nicotine ) is a six - time Ariel Award winning and six - time nominated 2003 Mexican - Argentine gangster film produced by the same team as the 2000 acclaimed film Amores perros .
Night Sights , also known as The Void , is a 2011 science fiction drama film .
Bidugadeya Bedi ( Kannada : ಬಿಡುಗಡೆಯ ಬೇಡಿ ) is a 1985 Kannada film directed by Dorai - Bhagawan and is based on the novel of the same name by Ta Ra Su .
Eating Raoul is a 1982 black comedy film about a married couple living in Hollywood who resort to killing swingers for their money .
Girlfriend , Boyfriend ( also stylized as Gf*Bf ) is a 2012 Taiwanese film directed by Gillies Ya - che Yang .
Buddy 's Theatre is an American animated short film , released February 16 , 1935 ( although one source gives April 1 as a date . )
Bijna een dubbele moord in Lutjebroek is a 1920 short Dutch silent film directed by Harry Waghalter .
It Started in Naples is an American romantic comedy film made by Paramount Pictures and released in August 1960 .
Jao Sok Jao Sanh is a 2006 Cambodian legendary film starring Sovann Makura and Duch Sophea .
Addams Family Values is a 1993 American dark comedy film , which is the sequel to the 1991 American film The Addams Family .
A Dog Named Gucci is a 2015 documentary film by Gorman Bechard that chronicles the story of an Alabama puppy set on fire , and the man who came to his rescue .
Ghamandee is a 1981 Hindi - language Indian feature film , directed by Ramesh Bedi for producer Kailash Chander .
McCanick is a 2013 American crime - drama mystery film directed by Josh C. Waller .
Bacon Grabbers is a 1929 silent comedy short starring Laurel and Hardy .
Another Romance of Celluloid is a 1938 short documentary film , narrated by Frank Whitbeck , which goes behind the scenes to look at how film is developed and processed .
En defensa Propia ( `` In Self Defence '' ) is a 1917 Mexican film directed by Joaquín Coss .
When You Remember Me is a 1990 fact - based television movie .
The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal is a 1979 film about the March 25 , 1911 Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire , in which 146 garment workers died and which spurred the growth of the International Ladies ' Garment Workers ' Union .
7 O ' Clock is a Kannada romance film released in 2006 .
RoboSport is a 1991 turn - based strategy computer game .
Trek Nation is a 2011 documentary film directed by Scott Colthorp examining the positive impact that Star Trek and creator Gene Roddenberry may have had on people 's lives as seen through the eyes of his son , Eugene Roddenberry , Jr. ( `` Rod '' ) .
You Ca n't Ration Love is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Lester Fuller and written by Val Burton and Hal Fimberg .
The Hard Word ( released in some regions as The Australian Job ) is a 2002 Australian crime film about three bank - robbing brothers who are offered a role in a bold heist while serving time in prison .
The Boys from County Clare is a 2003 Irish comedy / drama film about a céilí band from Liverpool that travels to Ireland to compete in a céilí competition in County Clare .
Father of a Soldier ( Georgian : ჯარისკაცის მამა , translit . jariskats'is mama , Russian : Отец солдата , translit . Otets soldata ) is a 1964 Georgian black - and - white World War II - themed drama film directed by Revaz Chkheidze based on a script by Suliko Jghenti .
Soomran Jo Shujro , ( Sindhi : سومرن جو شجرو‎ ) ( Family Tree of Soomra Tribe ) , a research book written by Faqeer Muhammad Soomro , writer , researcher and columnist from Karachi , Pakistan , published in 2013 by Peacock Printers & Publishers , Karachi , Pakistan .
Bill Cunningham New York is a 2010 documentary film directed by Richard Press and produced by Philip Gefter .
Homeless for the Holidays is a 2009 Christian - Christmas film by Breathe Motion Pictures .
Mortal Thoughts is a 1991 dramatic mystery thriller , about a woman who is interrogated by the police regarding the death of her friend 's husband .
Kum Back is the first bootleg album by The Beatles , released in September 1969 .
Ghetto Freaks is a 1970 American independent hippie exploitation film directed by Robert J. Emery and written by John Pappas and Robert J. Emery .
Hard Hat Mack is a 1983 Apple II game developed by Michael Abbot and Matthew Alexander .
Wittgenstein Tractatus is a 1992 film , made by the Hungarian filmmaker Peter Forgacs .
Fleeting Beauty is a 2004 Independent short film directed by Virginia Pitts , a lecturer of Waikato University .
The Letters Page ( Italian : Piccola posta ) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Steno .
Eththan ( Tamil : எத்தன் ; English : Clever person ) , also known as Ethan is a 2011 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by L. K. Suresh .
Änglahund is a song written by Hasse Andersson , and recorded on his 1982 album with the same name .
Live Apocalypse is a double DVD by Arch Enemy , released in 2006 .
What Happened on Twenty - third Street , New York City is a 1901 American short film depicting a woman walking over a grate , the hot air lifting her skirt .
The Barn Dance ( 1929 ) , first released on March 14 , 1929 , was the first of twelve Mickey Mouse shorts released during that year .
Machine Gun Preacher is a 2011 biographical action drama film about Sam Childers , a former gang biker turned preacher and defender of South Sudanese orphans .
The Ducksters is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short animated in 1949 and released in 1950 .
Something the Lord Made is a 2004 film about the black cardiac pioneer Vivien Thomas and his complex and volatile partnership with white surgeon Alfred Blalock , the world famous `` Blue Baby doctor '' who pioneered modern heart surgery .
The Battle of London is a 15-minute British propaganda film made in 1941 .
Family Pictures is a 1993 American made - for - television drama film based on the novel of the same name by Sue Miller .
Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl is a 1982 concert film in which the Monty Python comedy troupe perform many of their greatest sketches at the Hollywood Bowl .
The Toll Bridge , Bodley Head , 1992 , ISBN 978 - 0 - 370 - 31526 - 3 ;
The Break - up Season ( Chinese : 毕业那年:分手季 ) is a 2014 Chinese comedy romance film directed by Yao Yu .
All Power to the People is a 1996 documentary by Lee Lew - Lee about American race relations and the 1960s Civil Rights Movement and covers slavery , civil - rights activists , assassinations and methods used to divide and destroy key figures .
This Beautiful City is a Canadian drama film , which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2007 and had a general theatrical release in 2008 .
Kanimuthu Paappa ( Tamil : கனிமுத்துப் பாப்பா ) is a 1972 Indian Tamil film , directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by S. Subramaniya Reddiyar .
Hare Ram is a 2008 Telugu movie directed by Harshavardhan , and produced by Kalyan Ram , under N.T.R. Arts .
Vertical Features Remake ( 1978 ) is a film by Peter Greenaway .
A Very Merry Mix - Up is a 2013 American romance television film directed by Jonathan Wright and starring Alicia Witt , Mark Wiebe , and Scott Gibson .
Chhailla Babu ( Alternate name : Chhaila Babu)(English language : Cool Guy ) is a suspense thriller , 1977 Bollywood film .
Chaudhvin Ka Chand is a 1960 Hindi / Urdu feature film directed by Mohammed Sadiq .
Leading to War is a 2008 American documentary film composed entirely of archival news footage of the declarations of the United States President George W. Bush and his administration explaining their reasons to attack Iraq in 2003 .
Panitheeratha Veedu ( Malayalam : പണിതീരാത്ത വീട് , Translation : The Incomplete House ) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by KS Sethumadhavan .
Betty Boop 's Little Pal is a 1934 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop , and featuring Pudgy the Puppy ( in his first appearance ) .
Seer 2 ( Chinese : 赛尔号大电影2之雷伊与迈尔斯 ) is a 2012 Chinese animated - French fantasy adventure film based on an online game .
Blondie Has Servant Trouble is a 1940 American film , the sixth of the series of 28 Blondie movies .
Oromay ( an Eritrean Tigrinya word meaning ' it is pointless ' , borrowed from the Italian oramai ) is an Amharic - language novel , published in 1983 .
Film Geek is a 2005 independent film written and directed by James Westby and starring Melik Malkasian as Scotty Pelk .
Naked Africa is a 1957 documentary about Africa .
Martial Masters ( Chinese : 形意拳 Xíngyìqúan ; Japanese name : シンイーケン , Shin - Ī Ken ) is an arcade fighting game developed by IGS and released in 1999 .
Pretend You Do n't See Her is a 2002 television film based on the novel by Mary Higgins Clark .
Challenging Impossibility is a 2011 documentary film which chronicles the weightlifting odyssey of the spiritual teacher Sri Chinmoy , who in 1985 at the age of 54 took up weightlifting and performing feats of strength using the power of meditation .
Hold That Pose is a 1950 American animated cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
The President 's Barber ( Hangul : 효자동 이발사 ; RR : Hyojadong Ibalsa ) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by I m Chan - sang .
Is My Palm Read is a 1933 Pre - Code Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop , and featuring Koko the Clown and Bimbo .
Before the Mountain Was Moved is a 1970 American documentary film produced by Robert K. Sharpe .
20 Years After is a 2008 American post - apocalyptic film .
The Woman the Germans Shot is a 1918 American silent war biographical film based on the life and career of Nurse Edith Cavell .
Hoodwinked ! ( alternatively styled Hoodwinked ) is a 2005 American computer - animated family comedy film .
Chehraa ( English : Face ) , starring Bipasha Basu , Dino Morea , Preeti Jhangiani , and Irrfan Khan , is a Bollywood thriller , released on 18 February 2005 .
The Groundsman is a 2013 short film produced by the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland .
Moordwijven ( Murdering Babes ) is a 2007 black comedy about millionaire wives who get revenge on their cheating husbands by having them killed .
Mockingbird Lane is a 2012 television special developed as a re - imagining of the 1960s CBS sitcom The Munsters .
Acá las tortas ( `` Tortas Here '' ) is a 1951 Mexican film .
Learning with FuzzyWOMP is an educational maths game aimed at preschoolers , released by Sierra On - Line in 1984 for the Apple II . The game is similar to Learning with Leeper ( 1983 ) .
Salt Mango Tree is a 2015 Malayalam - language Indian comedy drama film directed by Rajesh Nair , starring Biju Menon , Lakshmi Priyaa Chandramouli and Suhasini Maniratnam .
Scarlet Road is a 2011 documentary that explores the life of Australian Rachel Wotton , a prostitute who is based in New South Wales ( where prostitution is decriminalised ) and sells sex to clients who have disabilities .
Tarzan Triumphs is a 1943 adventure film in which Tarzan fights the Nazis .
Vegucated is a 2011 American documentary film that explores the challenges of converting to a vegan diet .
Prince of Bel Air is a 1986 romantic comedy television movie which starred Mark Harmon , Kirstie Alley , and Robert Vaughn .
The Dickson Experimental Sound Film is a film made by William Dickson in late 1894 or early 1895 .
Flerte Fatal ( in English : `` Fatal Flirtation '' ) is an album by Brazilian singer Rita Lee in partnership with her husband Roberto de Carvalho , released in 1987 , the album features hits like `` Pega Rapaz '' , `` Bwana '' and `` Flerte Fatal ''
Only Trust Your Heart is the second album by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall , released in 1995 .
The Brady Bunch in the White House is a 2002 made - for - TV movie .
De Taali was released on 20 June 2008
Blue Thunder is a 1983 action thriller film that features a high - tech helicopter of the same name .
Along the Oregon Trail is a 1947 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Earle Snell .
The Banger Sisters is a 2002 American comedy film produced by Fox Searchlight Pictures about the reunion of two middle - aged women who used to be friends and groupies when they were young .
Eight Days to Live is a 2006 television film produced by CTV about a mother who organizes a search and rescue for her son who drives off the road in the Northern Fraser Valley of British Columbia .
Stormland ( Icelandic : Rokland ) is a 2011 Icelandic comedy film directed by Marteinn Thorsson .
The Wrong Mr. Perkins is a 1931 British short comedy film directed by Arthur Varney and starring Herbert Mundin , John Stuart and Frederick Volpe .
Five Golden Flowers ( Chinese : 五朶金花 ; pinyin : Wǔ duo jīnhuā ) is a Chinese romantic musical film released in 1959 .
Dust to Glory ( 2005 ) is a documentary about the famous Baja 1000 off - road race .
Surrogates is a 2009 American science fiction action film , based on the 2005 - -2006 comic book series The Surrogates .
Letters to a Stranger is a 2007 Nigerian romantic comedy drama film written by Victor Sanchez Aghahowa , produced and directed by Fred Amata .
Three Hollywood Girls is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle ( billed as William Goodrich ) .
Dev . D is an Indian romantic black comedy drama released on 6 February 2009 .
Aridhu Aridhu is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language drama film written and directed by K. R. Mathivanan , an assistant of director Shankar , directing his maiden venture .
The Courtship of Andy Hardy is a 1942 film , part of the Andy Hardy series .
Night Life in Reno is a 1931 American film directed by actor / screenwriter Raymond Cannon .
El Perfecto Desconocido or `` The Perfect Stranger '' is a 2011 film that was directed by Toni Bestard and stars Colm Meaney as the main character Mark O'Reilly .
Manjupoloru Penkutti is a 2004 Malayalam film about a teenager girl who is abused by her stepfather .
Chaarfutiya Chhokare is a 2014 Bollywood thriller film , written and directed by Manish Harishankar and produced by Sunill Khosla & Vibha Dutta Khosla . The storyline is based on the subject of child - trafficking .
Wedding in Malinovka ( Russian : Свадьба в Малиновке , Svadba v Malinovke ) is a 1967 Soviet musical comedy film directed by Andrei Tutyshkin based on an operetta by Boris Aleksandrov adapted by Leonid Yukhvid .
Ice Cream 2 is a 2014 Telugu , slasher film , released on 21 November 2014 to negative to neutral reviews .
Robotrix ( Chinese 女机械人 pinyin : nǚ jīxièrén `` Woman Robot '' ) is a 1991 Hong Kong science fiction exploitation film directed by Jamie Luk Kin - ming and produced by the Golden Harvest Company .
A Is for Atom is a 14-minute 1953 promotional animated short documentary film created by John Sutherland and sponsored by General Electric ( GE ) .
Dus Kahaniyaan ( Hindi : दस कहानियां Das Kahāniyāṃ , Ten Tales ) is a 2007 anthology Indian film comprising ten short films telling ten different stories which are directed by a host of six directors .
Like Stone Lions at the Gateway into Night ( French : ' Comme des lions de pierre à l'entrée de la nuit ' ) is a 2012 documentary film by Olivier Zuchuat .
Desert of Blood is a 2008 independent film about a vampire , Luis Diego , who has been left imprisoned underground by the village priest .
The Keys to the White House is a 1996 book about a historically based prediction system for determining the outcome of presidential elections in the United States .
The Good Witch 's Gift premiered on November 13 , 2010 and is the third installment in the Hallmark Channel 's series of The Good Witch telefilms , the first of which premiered on the Hallmark Channel on January 19 , 2008 .
Metzitzim ( Hebrew : מציצים‎ , English : Peeping Toms ) is a 1972 Israeli comedy film that has become a cult film .
Arrest Bulldog Drummond is an American crime thriller film , produced in 1939 .
Pink Smoke over the Vatican is a 2011 documentary film by Jules Hart about women who have been ordained as priests in the Roman Catholic Church despite their status as invalid .
Amar Jaan Amar Pran ( Bengali : আমার জান আমার প্রাণ ) is a Dhallywood action - romance film , released on December 8 , 2008 .
November Blues is a young adult novel by Sharon M. Draper , first published in 2007 .
Dragon Fighter is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered on January 4 , 2003 and was directed by Phillip J. Roth .
Tú , solo tú ( `` You , Only You '' ) is a 1950 Mexican film .
When Romance Meets Destiny ( Hangul : 광식이 동생 광태 ; RR : Gwangsiki dongsaeng gwangtae ; lit . `` Gwang - sik 's Younger Brother Gwang - tae '' ) is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy about two brothers and their different approaches to love .
The Denouncement of Chu Liu Hsiang , alternatively known as Legendary Swordsman or Titanium Blade , is a 1983 Taiwanese film written by Gu Long .
Last of the Long - haired Boys is a 1968 British drama film directed by Peter Everett and starring Richard Todd , Gillian Raine and Patrick Barr .
Manganinnie is an AFI Award - winning 1980 film which follows the journey of Manganinnie , a Tasmanian Aboriginal woman who searches for her tribe with the company of a young , lost white girl named Joanna .
Marriage with a Fool is a 2006 Hong Kong film produced in Hong Kong .
Chanakya Chandragupta ( Telugu : చాణక్య చంద్రగుప్త ) is a 1977 Telugu Historical film .
Rise of the Gargoyles ( A.K.A. La fureur des gargouilles in France ) is a 2009 television film directed by Bill Corcoran and produced for the Syfy channel .
En riktig jävla schlager is a song written by Kjell Jennstig , Leif Goldkuhl and Henrik Dorsin , and performed by Ravaillacz during Melodifestivalen 2013 , where the song ended up 10th .
The Dolebludgers is a 1979 Australian TV movie about teenagers looking for work .
Pappa Ante Portas is a 1991 German comedy film directed by and starring Loriot and Renate Westphal - Lorenz .
The Final Frontier is the fifteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 13 August 2010 in Germany , Austria and Finland , 17 August in North America , 18 August in Japan , and 16 August worldwide .
Qissa Panjab is a 2015 Punjabi film directed by Jatinder Mauhar , is a story of six individuals and how their lives take a significant turn when they meet each other .
The Farewell Party ( Hebrew : מיתה טובה‎ Mita Tova ) is a 2014 Israeli drama film about the use of a euthanasia device , directed by Tal Granit and Sharon Maymon .
They Go Boom is a 1929 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy .
Paradise Camp is a 1986 documentary about Theresienstadt concentration camp in Czechoslovakia , written and directed by the Australians Paul Rea and Frank Heimans , respectively .
When I Grow Up , I 'll Be a Kangaroo is a 2004 Serbian comedy film directed by Radivoje Andrić , and released by Yodi Movie Craftsman .
The Secret of Deep Harbor is a 1961 film .
The impetus for Silent Spring was a letter written in January 1958 by Carson 's friend , Olga Owens Huckins , to The Boston Herald , describing the death of birds around her property resulting from the aerial spraying of DDT to kill mosquitoes , a copy of which Huckins sent to Carson .
Jucy is an Australian comedy feature film produced in 2010 about the womance between two best female friends .
Death Bell ( Hangul : 고死 : 피의 중간고사 ; RR : Gosa : Piui Junggangosa ) is a 2008 South Korean film .
Mysterious Mose is a 1930 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short released through Paramount Pictures .
Good Copy Bad Copy ( subtitled `` A documentary about the current state of copyright and culture '' ) is a 2007 documentary film about copyright and culture in the context of Internet , peer - to - peer file sharing and other technological advances , directed by Andreas Johnsen , Ralf Christensen , and Henrik Moltke .
I Am Nancy is a 2011 American documentary focused on actress Heather Langenkamp 's experience playing the iconic character Nancy Thompson from the A Nightmare on Elm Street franchise
Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum is a 2009 Indian Tamil drama film , directed by debutante Rajamohan , who earlier worked under renowned directors like A. Venkatesh and S. D. Vijay Milton , which stars newcomers Ramakrishnan and Thananya in lead roles .
Past Minutes ( Portuguese : Minutos Atrás ) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy - fantasy film directed and written by Caio Sóh .
Live at the Rotterdam Ahoy is a live album recorded by Deep Purple on 30 October 2000 and released in 2001 .
Following their popularity online , the episodes were released on DVD in 2001 under the full title The House of Morecock :
A Son Is Born is a 1946 Australian melodrama .
Platypus Cove is a 1983 Australian TV movie about a tugboat .
Starry Eyes is a 2014 American horror film directed and written by Kevin Kölsch and Dennis Widmyer .
As Far as My Feet Will Carry Me ( German : So weit die Füße tragen ) is a 2001 film about German World War II prisoner of war Clemens Forell 's escape from a Siberian Gulag in the Soviet Union back to Germany .
SuckSeed ( SuckSeed ห่วยขั้นเทพ SuckSeed : Huay Khan Thep ) is a 2011 Thai comedy film .
The Burning Hills is a 1956 Warner Bros. CinemaScope Western based on a 1956 novel by Louis L'Amour .
Janur Kuning ( literally Yellow Coconut Leaves ) is a 1980 Indonesian war film directed by Alam Surawidjaja and produced by Abbas Wiranatakusuma .
Se la llevó el Remington ( `` He Took the Remington '' ) is a 1948 Mexican film .
Suing the Pope is a March 2002 documentary by Colm O'Gorman and the BBC which details the abusive activities of priest Sean Fortune and the response of the diocese of Ferns to his activities over the years .
Jump ' n Bump is a 1998 freeware MS - DOS platform video game by Brainchild Design .
Shattered Galaxy is a massively multiplayer online real - time strategy game ( MMORTS ) that was released in 2001 by Nexon Inc. , now known as KRU Interactive , after an extensive open beta period .
Isle of Fury is a 1936 adventure movie , starring Humphrey Bogart and Margaret Lindsay , about a shipwrecked gangster ( Bogart ) and the detective ( Donald Woods ) sent to arrest him .
Aunt Jane 's Nieces on Vacation is a 1912 novel by L.Frank Baum , writing under the name `` Edith Van Dyne '' .
Kids Can Say No ! , released in October 1985 on VHS in the United Kingdom , was the first British children 's film about sexual abuse and was purchased by police forces , educational institutions , and libraries across Europe .
Returning to the ' A ' ( Russian : Возвращение в `` А '' ) is a 2011 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Egor Konchalovsky .
4 years in the making , Slices of Life completed production in 2010 .
Forgetting to Know You is a 2013 Chinese drama film written and directed by Quan Ling .
The Haverstraw Tunnel is an early black and white silent film released in 1897 by the American Mutoscope Company .
Jai Radhe Krishna is a 1974 Bollywood devotional film directed by Yeshwant Pethkar .
Coming Out Alive is a 1980 Canadian television thriller film starring Helen Shaver , Scott Hylands , and Michael Ironside while being directed by Don McBrearty .
Yeh Kaisi Mohabbat is a 2002 Hindi language musical drama romance directed by Dinkar Kapur .
The Muncher ( developed under the title T - Wrecks ) is a computer game for the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum that was released in 1988 .
The God Who Is There is a Christian apologetic work written by American philosopher and Christian theologian Francis A. Schaeffer , published in 1968 .
Inequality for All is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jacob Kornbluth .
Conqueror A.D. 1086 is a medieval strategy computer game released in 1995 by Sierra On - Line , Inc.
Hammersmith Is Out is a 1972 comedy film based on the legend of Faust .
Gippi is a 2013 Hindi drama film , directed by Sonam Nair and produced by Karan Johar .
Pramanikal is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Augustine Prakash , starring Saikumar and Maathu in the lead roles .
One Got Fat is a 1963 bicycle safety film .
A Mother 's Prayer is a 1995 film made for the USA Network starring Linda Hamilton , in a Golden Globe - nominated performance , as a woman who learns she has contracted the AIDS virus and must make plans for the care of her only son .
Heroes of the Flames is a 1931 American Pre - Code Universal movie serial .
An Honest Liar is a 2014 biographical feature film documentary , directed and produced by Justin Weinstein and Tyler Measom , written by Weinstein , Greg O'Toole and Measom , produced through Left Turn Films , Pure Mutt Productions and Part2 Filmworks , and distributed by Abramorama .
English Female Artists , in two volumes , assembled and edited by Ellen Creathorne Clayton , lists an overview of prominent English women painters up to 1876 , the year of publication .
12 to the Moon is a 1960 science fiction film depicting a moon landing by an international crew .
Yes , Yes , Nanette is a 1925 American silent film comedy starring James Finlayson .
Blood of the Beast is a 2003 American experimental horror film directed by , written by , and starring Georg Koszulinski .
The Mongrel ( Italian : Razzabastarda , also spelled Razza bastarda ) is a 2013 Italian thriller - drama film .
Info Wars ( styled as info wars ) is a 2004 film which shows the mechanics of modern information warfare and media hacking .
Dinky Hocker is an American television teen comedy / drama that aired as an ABC Afterschool Special on December 12 , 1979 .
Secret Reunion ( Hangul : 의형제 ; hanja : 義兄弟 ; RR : Uihyeongje ; lit . `` Sworn Brothers '' or `` Blood Brothers '' ) is a 2010 South Korean spy thriller film directed by Jang Hoon , and one of the highest grossing Korean films of 2010 .
Walt Disney 's Story Land : 55 Favorite Stories is a series of books published over the years from 1962 - 1999 published by Golden Press .
The Handbook of British Birds was a pioneering bird guide by H.F. Witherby , Rev. F.C.R. Jourdain , Norman F. Ticehurst and Bernard W. Tucker , published in five volumes by H. F. & G. Witherby between 1938 - 1941 .
Fancy Paradise ( 空想天国 Kūsō tengoku ) is a 1968 Japanese comic science fiction film directed by Takeshi ' Ken ' Matsumori from a screenplay by Yasuo Tanami .
Due to financial difficulties , Message to Love was n't released until 1997 , 27 years after the event , after premiering at a San Jose film festival in 1995 .
Madhya Venal is a 2009 Malayalam film produced by Jahangir Shamz under the banner of Xarfnet Movies .
Mangus ! is a 2011 comedy film written , produced , and directed by Ash Christian .
Bapi Bari Jaa is a 2012 Bengali Romantic comedy film directed by Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha .
Bitter Love ( Chinese : 哭恋 ) is a 2014 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Li Jide .
It was published in Augsburg in 1603 by Christoph Mang ( Christophorus Mangus ) under the full title Uranometria : omnium asterismorum continens schemata , nova methodo delineata , aereis laminis expressa .
Lake Placid 3 is a 2010 made - for - television horror comedy film directed by Griff Furst .
Laxdale Hall is a 1953 British romantic comedy film directed by John Eldridge and starring Ronald Squire , Kathleen Ryan , Raymond Huntley and Sebastian Shaw , with Prunella Scales and Fulton Mackay in early roles .
New Tales of the Flying Fox is a 1984 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha 's novel The Young Flying Fox .
Knights of Bloodsteel is a 2009 television film , produced by Reunion Pictures .
D - Day the Sixth of June is a 1956 romantic CinemaScope war film made by 20th Century Fox .
Ukraine Is Not a Brothel is a 2013 Australian film directed by Kitty Green .
Sunrise at Campobello is a 1960 Warner Bros. biographical film telling the story of the struggles of future President of the United States Franklin Delano Roosevelt and his family when Roosevelt was stricken with paralysis at the age of 39 in August 1921 .
Prathima ( Kannada : ಪ್ರತಿಮಾ ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by Sudhir Menon .
Third World Posse is a limited edition EP by the Brazilian thrash metal band Sepultura , released exclusively in Australia in 1992 .
Ex Fighting ( Chinese : 房车奇遇 ) is a 2014 Chinese comedy romance film directed by Lu Yang .
A Wrong Way to Love ( Italian : Amarsi male ) is a 1969 Italian drama film .
Dorangia Daku is a 1940 Bollywood film which was directed by Harnam Singh Rawail .
Pelican Blood is a 2010 film which premiered at the 2010 Edinburgh Film Festival .
Asian Stories ( formerly known as Asian Stories ( Book 3 ) is a 2006 American independent feature film . Its running time is 98 minutes ; it was shot in Super 16 mm format .
Sthalam is a 2011 Malayalam movie written and directed by Kaviyoor Sivaprasad , and produced by Mariam Anoop and Rajesh S Nair under the banner of Avagama creations .
Gulf Run ( 2004 )
The Very Late Afternoon of a Faun ( Czech : Faunovo velmi pozdní odpoledne ) is a 1983 Czechoslovak comedy film adapted from the Jiří Brdečka 1966 novel of the same name ; directed by Věra Chytilová . This was Chytilová 's only post Soviet invasion collaboration with screenwriter Ester Krumbachová .
Haunters ( Hangul : 초능력자 ; RR : Choneungryeokja ; lit . `` Psychic '' ) is a 2010 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Min - seok .
I Am Slave is a 2010 television film produced for Channel 4 on the story of one woman 's fight for freedom from modern - day slavery .
Stag Night of the Dead is a 2010 low budget British comedy horror film , written and directed by Neil `` Napoleon '' Jones .
Toward the Unknown ( also titled Brink of Hell in its UK release ) is a 1956 movie about the dawn of supersonic flight filmed on location at Edwards Air Force Base .
Marines in the Making is a 1942 short propaganda film produced by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer about the United States Marine Corps .
Itha Innu Muthal is a 1984 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Reji ( T.S.Suresh Babu ) , starring Shankar , Sreenath , Maniyanpilla Raju , Ranipadmini in lead roles with extended comeos by Mammootty and Mohanlal .
Cheerful Givers is a 1917 American silent comedy - drama film produced by the Fine Arts Film Company and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation .
New World Disorder II - Fat Tire Fury is the title of the second film of the series of New World Disorder Mountain - biking film series , released in 2001 , the film was a success and popular enough to allow for a further continuation of the series with many more films to come .
Insaf Ki Pukar ( English : Shout of Justice ) is a 1987 Indian Bollywood Action film , produced by Raj Bhaktiani , Ramesh Gwalani on Shivkala Movies banner , directed by Rama Rao Tatineni .
Ilavelpu or Ilavelupu ( Telugu : ఇలవేల్పు ) is a 1956 Telugu Drama film produced by L. V. Prasad and directed by D. Yoganand .
A Little Bit Zombie is a 2012 zombie comedy horror film that was directed by Casey Walker .
( Otto ) is a 2015 Dutch animated short film directed by Job Roggeveen , Joris Oprins and Marieke Blaauw , from the Dutch animation studio Job , Joris & Marieke .
A Friend 's Betrayal , also released as Stolen Youth , is a 1996 television drama film directed by Christopher Leitch .
Kermit 's Swamp Years is a 2002 direct - to - video film , directed by David Gumpel , featuring Jim Henson 's Muppets , including a young Kermit and his best friends Goggles and Croaker , who travel outside their homes in the swamps of the Deep South to do something extraordinary with their lives .
A Business Buccaneer is a 1912 American short silent comedy film .
The Green Hornet Strikes Again ! ( 1941 ) is a Universal movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker .
Hazardous and Unhealthy ( Greek : Varea anthygieina ) is a 2003 Greek drama film directed by Antonis Papadoupoulos .
Shapamoksham is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jesey and produced by Cartoonist Thomas .
Raama Raavanan is a 2010 film based on the novel Manomi by Madhavikutty .
Kiss Toledo Goodbye is a 1999 independent comedy / thriller film directed by Lyndon Chubbuck .
Voices in the Tunnels ( Formerly titled `` In Search of the Mole People '' ) is a 2008 documentary directed by Vic David , a New York City filmmaker and a graduate from New York University .
Bonanza Bunny is a 1959 Bugs Bunny cartoon featuring French Canadian claim jumper Blacque Jacque Shellacque .
Una Bala es mi testigo ( `` A Bullet is my Witness '' ) is a 1960 Mexican Western film .
Rajaraja Cholan is a 1973 Tamil film about the life of the Chola king Rajaraja Chola .
Myn Bala ( Kazakh : Жаужүрек мың бала ) is a 2011 Kazakhstani historical dramatic film depicting the overthrow of Zungharian oppressors .
Never Cry Werewolf is a Canadian 2008 television film starring Kevin Sorbo and Nina Dobrev .
Bandhu Balaga ( Kannada : ಬಂಧು ಬಳಗ ) is a 2008 Kannada sentiment drama film directed by Naganna and written by Janardhan Maharshi .
2Bobule ( English : 2Grapes ) is a 2009 Czech comedy film directed by Vlad Lanné .
En rachâchant is a 1982 short French film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean - Marie Straub .
The Chimp is a Laurel and Hardy short film made in 1932 .
Akashangalil is a 2015 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Rixon Xavier , starring veteran actor Shankar in an extended special appearance .
Through the Eyes of a Painter is 1967 Indian film written , directed & filmed by M.F. Husain , the famous Indian painter .
Rust and Bone ( French : De rouille et d'os ) is a 2012 French--
The 957th Day was a propaganda short produced by the US Navy in 1944 .
Uyarndha Ullam is a 1985 Tamil - language drama film directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by AVM Productions .
The Crucifix is a 1934 black - and - white film directed by G.B. Samuelson .
Destination Tokyo is a 1943 submarine war film .
The Legend of Boggy Creek is a 1972 horror docudrama about the `` Fouke Monster , '' a Bigfoot - type creature that has been seen in and around Fouke , Arkansas since the 1950s .
Shake , Rattle and Roll 8 is a 2006 horror film and was an entry for the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival .
San Demetrio London is a 1943 World War II docudrama based on the true story of the 1940 rescue of the tanker MV San Demetrio by parts of her own crew after she had been set afire by the German heavy cruiser Admiral Scheer and then had been abandoned , during the Battle of the Atlantic .
The Lords of High Decision is a 1916 American short silent drama film , directed by Jack Harvey .
Aila Re Odia Pua ( Odia : ଆଇଲା ରେ ଓଡିଆ ପୁଅ ; English : Here Comes the Oriya boy ) is a 2009 Indian Oriya film directed by Vikash Das .
Far Away and Long Ago ( Spanish : Allá lejos y hace tiempo ) is a 1978 Argentine film based on the memoir of the same title by William Henry Hudson .
Barfuß bis zum Hals ( English : Barefoot to the Neck ) is a German comedy television film released in 2009 .
The Death of Stalinism in Bohemia is a 1990 animated independent short film .
Sally Marshall Is Not an Alien is a 1999 family drama film starring Helen Neville , Natalie Vansier , and Thea Gumbert .
Who Moved My Dream ( Chinese : 谁动了我的梦想 ) is a 2014 Chinese comedy drama romance film directed by Wang Wei and Jackson Pat . It was released on December 11 in China .
Bermuda Syndrome is a PC game developed by Century Interactive and published by BMG Interactive in 1995 .
Kuiba 2 ( Chinese : 魁拔之大战元泱界 ) is a 2013 Chinese animated fantasy action adventure film directed by Chuan Wang .
The Legend of Lobo is a 1962 American film that follows the life and adventures of Lobo , a wolf born and raised in southwestern North America .
Devil 's Mile is a 2014 American - Canadian horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Joseph O'Brien , who also co - wrote the script and created the film 's special effects .
Moondram Pirai was released on 19 February 1982 to positive critical reception .
Tor Naam is a 2012 Bengali movie directed by Jay Shankar and produced by Weird Industries .
Reluctant Bride ( also known as Two Grooms for a Bride ) is a 1955 British comedy film .
Salam Father is a documentary film made by Australian filmmaker Salam Ziusudras in 2009 .
Wild and Woolfy is a 1945 animated cartoon short , one of six cartoons in which Droopy was paired with a wolf .
Nudist Colony of the Dead is a 1991 horror comedy musical film written and directed by Mark Pirro ( who has also worked under the names Marky Dolittle and Marky Elfman ) .
The Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology was a peer - reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association .
Arteriosclerosis , Thrombosis , and Vascular Biology is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins on behalf of the American Heart Association .
The Journal of Applied Physiology is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal of physiology published by the American Physiological Society .
NHL 97 is an ice hockey video game by EA Sports .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Kokotoni Wilf is an arcade adventure game released by Elite Systems in 1984 for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum home computers .
Fancies and Goodnights is a collection of fantasy short stories by John Collier , first published by Doubleday Books in hardcover in 1951 .
Dark Void Zero is a platform video game released by Capcom for DSiWare download service .
Little Red Riding Hood 's Zombie BBQ is an action rail shooter game for the Nintendo DS . It was published in North America by Destineer , produced and designed by Gammick Entertainment , and developed by EnjoyUp .
Sociological Inquiry is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of Alpha Kappa Delta .
Shufflepuck Café is a computer air hockey game developed by Christopher Gross , Gene Portwood and Lauren Elliott for Brøderbund ( not a table shuffleboard video game , as the name would suggest- though that was the intention when the name was first coined by Christopher Gross ) .
The Shadows , Kith and Kin is a collection of short fiction by Joe R. Lansdale , published in 2007 in a limited edition by Subterranean Press .
The Whispered World is a traditional - style point - and - click adventure game for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It is designed by Marco Hüllen , developed by Daedalic Entertainment , and published by Deep Silver in Europe and by Viva Media in the United States .
The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs is a book on dinosaurs , written by the prestigious paleontologist and artist Gregory S. Paul , and was published by Princeton University Press in 2010 .
The Code of the Woosters is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse , first published on 7 October 1938 , in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins , London , and in the United States by Doubleday , Doran , New York .
Spy Snatcher is a floppy disk - based text adventure released by Topologika Software in 1991 .
Contemporary European History is an international peer - reviewed academic history journal , published by Cambridge University Press quarterly since 1992 and covering the history of Europe from 1918 onwards .
The Bulletin of Marine Science is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science of the University of Miami .
Cyber Speedway ( Gran Chaser in Japan ) is a 1995 racing video game developed by NexTech and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn .
Analytical Abstracts is a current awareness and information retrieval service for analytical chemistry , published by the Royal Society of Chemistry in Cambridge , United Kingdom .
The Real Fidel Castro is a biography of the Cuban revolutionary and politician Fidel Castro , written by the British diplomat Sir Leycester Coltman ( 1938 - -2003 ) and first published by Yale University Press in 2003 .
Comic Bakery is a computer game for the MSX , made by Konami in 1984 and later ported to Commodore 64 by Imagine Software .
Dream Pinball 3D is a pinball simulation game developed by TopWare and published by SouthPeak Games for the Wii , Nintendo DS , and Microsoft Windows , first released in North America on the 22nd of April 2008 .
The Prize in the Game is Jo Walton 's third novel , published by Tor Books in December 2002 .
The Conan Chronicles is a 1989 omnibus collection of three previous fantasy collections by Robert E. Howard , L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian , published by Sphere Books .
The Rise of Magic in Early Medieval Europe is a historical study of magical beliefs in Europe between the 5th and 12th centuries CE . It was written by the English historian Valerie I.J. Flint , then of the University of Auckland , and published by Princeton University Press in 1991 .
Match Day is a football computer game , published by Ocean Software in 1984 , originally on the ZX Spectrum and then later released on the Amstrad CPC , BBC Micro , & Commodore 64 systems .
The Canadian Hot 100 is a music industry record chart in Canada for singles , published weekly by Billboard magazine .
Select Conversations with an Uncle was published in a limited edition by John Lane in a series called `` The Mayfair Set '' and in New York by Merriam .
FIFA Football 2002 ( known as FIFA Soccer 2002 : Major League Soccer in North America , and FIFA 2002 : Road to FIFA World Cup in Japan ) , commonly known as FIFA 2002 , is a football video game released in 2001 , produced by Electronic Arts and released by EA Sports .
The Journal of Investigative Dermatology is a peer - reviewed scientific journal of dermatology published by the Nature Publishing Group .
The Kingdom of Shadow was re - published with three other novels in the Diablo Archive on July 8 , 2008 by Pocket Books .
Mickey 's Speedway USA known in Japan as Mickey 's Racing Challenge USA ( Japanese : ミッキーのレーシングチャレンジUSA Mikkī no rēshingu charenji USA ) is a Disney racing game for the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color , developed by Rareware and published by Nintendo .
Kid Albums ( formerly known as Top Kid Audio ) is a music chart published weekly by Billboard magazine which ranks the top selling children 's music albums in the United States .
The Legend of Huma ( paperback ) , TSR , Inc. , ISBN 0 - 88038 - 548 - 0
On - Court Tennis is a computer game developed by Activision 's Gamestar division in 1984 for the Commodore 64 .
Sally Green submitted Half Bad to an agent in January 2013 ; in March , editorial director Ben Horslen acquired the manuscript for Penguin Books children 's imprint Puffin Books , billing it `` the book of the Bologna Children 's Book Fair '' after a 6-figure bidding war .
Telengard is a 1982 role - playing dungeon crawler video game developed by Daniel Lawrence and published by Avalon Hill .
The Journal of Forestry is the primary scholarly journal of the Society of American Foresters .
The British Journal of Anaesthesia ( BJA ) is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal College of Anaesthetists and the College of Anaesthetists of Ireland , of which it is their joint official journal .
A Writer 's Nightmare is a collection of essays by R. K. Narayan published in 1988 by Penguin Books .
The Journal of Alzheimer 's Disease is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by IOS Press covering the etiology , pathogenesis , epidemiology , genetics , treatment , and psychology of Alzheimer 's disease .
The Mind Readers is a crime novel by Margery Allingham , first published in 1965 , in the United Kingdom by Chatto & Windus , London .
Vercoquin and the Plankton ( French : Vercoquin et le plancton ) is a 1946 novel by the French writer Boris Vian , published by Éditions Gallimard .
Central European History is a peer - reviewed academic journal on history published quarterly by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Conference Group for Central European History of the American Historical Association .
The Alpine Journal is an annual magazine published by the Alpine Club of London .
Off Armageddon Reef is a science fiction novel by American author David Weber , published by Tor Books .
Tijdschrift voor economische en sociale geografie is a peer - reviewed academic journal published five times annually by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Dutch Geographical Society .
The British Journal of Sports Medicine ( BJSM ) is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group covering sports medicine and sports physiotherapy .
All My Friends Are Dead is an illustrated dark comedy book published by Chronicle Books in 2010 .
The Canadian Journal of Nursing Research is a nursing journal published by the McGill University School of Nursing .
Clinical Lymphoma , Myeloma & Leukemia is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier ( previously by CIG Media Group ) .
The Catholic Art Quarterly ( originally the Christian Social Art Quarterly and later Good Work ) was the official bulletin of the Catholic Art Association ( CAA ) .
NHL 2K8 is an ice hockey video game made by 2 K Sports , and published on the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 consoles .
`` Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend '' is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse , which first appeared in the United States in the 6 October 1928 issue of Liberty , and in the United Kingdom in the February 1926 Strand .
Transcension was first published in the United States on 19 February 2002 by Tor Books in hardback format .
Crazy Taxi is an open world racing video game developed by Kenji Kanno and his team at Hitmaker and published by Sega .
The Journal of Chemometrics is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons .
The Journal of Baltic Studies , the official journal of the Association for the Advancement of Baltic Studies ( AABS ) , is a peer - reviewed multidisciplinary academic journal founded in 1970 and published quarterly by Routledge , dedicated to the political , social , economic , and cultural life of the Baltic region and its history .
The Hot Digital Tracks chart is a song popularity chart that ranks the best selling digital tracks in the United States according to Billboard magazine .
Just Ella is a novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster .
Behavioral and Brain Sciences is a peer - reviewed scientific journal of Open Peer Commentary established in 1978 by Stevan Harnad and published by Cambridge University Press .
The Transactions of the Institute of British Geographers is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Royal Geographical Society .
The Journal of Human Capital is a quarterly peer reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press .
Applied and Environmental Microbiology is a biweekly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology .
English Journal ( previously The English Journal ) is the official publication of the Secondary Education section of the American National Council of Teachers of English .
In 2008 StoryQuarterly was acquired by Rutgers-- Camden , and Paul Lisicky is now the editor .
A Song for Lya is the first collection of stories by science fiction and fantasy writer George R. R. Martin , published as a paperback original by Avon Books in 1976 .
Mineralium Deposita , International Journal for Geology , Mineralogy and Geochemistry of Mineral Deposits is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media .
Prey Invasion is a first - person shooter video game developed by MachineWorks , and published by Hands - On Mobile in cooperation with 3D Realms for the iOS .
Superstar Ice Hockey is a hockey sport game published by Mindscape in 1987 .
Black and White in Color ( French : La Victoire en chantant , then Noirs et Blancs en couleur for the 1977 re - issue ) is a 1976 war film and black comedy directed by Jean - Jacques Annaud in his directorial debut .
Head Against the Wall ( French : La Tête contre les murs ) is a 1959 French drama film directed by Georges Franju and starring Pierre Brasseur , Paul Meurisse , and Jean - Pierre Mocky .
I as in Icarus ( French : I ... comme Icare ) is a 1979 French thriller film directed by Henri Verneuil .
Anita Takes a Chance ( Spanish : Anita no pierde el tren , Catalan : Anita no perd el tren ) is a 2001 film directed by Ventura Pons .
L.A. Without a Map is a 1998 romantic comedy - drama film directed by Mika Kaurismäki and written by Mika Kaurismäki and Richard Rayner , based on his novel .
The White Wall ( Swedish : Den vita väggen ) is a 1975 Swedish drama film written and directed by Stig Björkman .
Marx Reloaded is a 2011 German documentary film written and directed by the British writer and theorist Jason Barker .
La Ligne droite ( English : The Straight Line ) is a 2011 French drama film co - written and directed by Régis Wargnier which focuses on the sport of blind running .
Based on the book When the Daltons Rode by Emmett Dalton , the sole surviving real - life gang member , and Jack Jungmeyer , the film is about a family friend of the Daltons who tries to dissuade them from becoming outlaws .
One , Two , Many is a 2008 sex comedy film distributed by National Lampoon , directed by Michael DeLorenzo and written by and starring `` Stuttering '' John Melendez .
`` We Just Decided To '' is the first episode of the first season of the American television series The Newsroom .
Hurricane Gold is the fourth novel in the Young Bond series depicting Ian Fleming 's superspy James Bond as a teenager in the 1930s .
`` The Bob Next Door '' is the twenty - second episode of The Simpsons ' twenty - first season .
One Fearful Yellow Eye ( 1966 ) is the eighth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald .
`` The Strong , Silent Type '' is the forty - ninth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the tenth of the show 's fourth season .
Lord of Chaos ( abbreviated as LoC by fans ) is the sixth book of The Wheel of Time fantasy series written by American author Robert Jordan .
A Live Coal in the Sea , written by Madeleine L'Engle and published in 1996 , is the sequel to Camilla Dickinson ( also published as Camilla ) , one of L'Engle 's earliest novels .
The Icebound Land is the third book in the Ranger 's Apprentice book series written by Australian author John Flanagan .
Corn on the Cop is a Merrie Melodies animated cartoon short starring Daffy Duck , Porky Pig and Granny .
Shadow 's Edge is a fantasy novel written by Brent Weeks and is the second novel in The Night Angel Trilogy .
Steel Vengeance ( original name Sadae Tsumura ) was a female cyborg in the Marvel Comics Ghost Rider series .
Eusebia Riquelme ( born November 27 , 1969 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Cuba who competed in the sprint events during her career .
Zhou Peishun ( Chinese : 周培顺 ; 1962 - ) is a former male Chinese weightlifter .
Helle Trevino ( formerly Nielsen ) ( born July 9 , 1975 ) is a Danish professional female bodybuilder .
Freddy Vargas Castellanos ( born October 11 , 1982 in Mucuchíes ) is a male professional road cyclist from Venezuela .
Santiago de la Parte de las Cuevas ( born August 18 , 1948 in Amusco , Palencia ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Spain , who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the men 's marathon .
Marleen Renders ( born 24 December 1968 , in Diest ) is a retired female long - distance runner from Belgium , who represented her native country thrice at the Summer Olympics : in 1988 , 1996 and 2000 .
Christina Finarsih is a retired female badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in women 's doubles .
Swaminarayan also directed male devotees not to listen to religious discourses given by women .
Anelia Karova ( first name also sometimes transliterated as Aneliya ) ( Bulgarian : Анелия Карова ) ( born 29 September 1989 ) is a female table tennis player from Bulgaria .
The TV production series Kommissarin Lucas , ( Detective Lukas ) with Thure Riefenstein as the male leading detective , achieved the highly acclaimed German `` Adolf Grimme Award '' nomination '' for `` Best Film '' .
Märt Israel ( born 23 September 1983 in Karksi - Nuia ) is a male discus thrower from Estonia .
Noh Si - hwan ( 노시환 ; born 6 September 1992 ) is a male South Korean long - distance runner .
Anke Scholz ( born 25 November 1978 in Berlin ) is a retired female swimmer from Germany , specialised in the freestyle and backstroke events .
Zhang Chunzhen ( born 1970 ) is a retired female pole vaulter from PR China , who was one of the leading athletes in her discipline in the early 1990s .
Jo Ann Tolley is a female vocalist who recorded on the MGM Records and Jubilee Records labels in the 1950s .
Nathan Stooke ( born May 28 , 1976 in Southern Illinois ) is a male freestyle swimmer from the USA .
Wang Pengren ( Chinese : 王朋仁 ) is a male former world level badminton player from China .
Line Beauchamp ( born February 24 , 1963 ) is a female Quebec politician .
Whereas most of the other female characters in EastEnders were portrayed in a somewhat more glamorous working class way , Pauline Fowler was the exception to the rule , being the sole character to represent the `` homely and domestic '' side of the Beale family .
Wayne Sabin ( April 1 , 1915 -- September 14 , 1989 ) was an American male tennis player .
the O'Neill Theater Center 's National Critics Institute , directed by Dan Sullivan , awards a full scholarship to `` a young critic , preferably female , whose copy reflects some of the shrewdness and kindness that marked every Edith Oliver review . ''
Lyons Kieran ( born 1989 ) is Fiji 's top female chess player .
Victoria Angelova Vinarova ( sometimes written Viktoria Angelova , Bulgarian : Виктория Ангелова-Винарова , 1902 - -1947 ) was the first female architect of Bulgaria .
Majk Spirit ( born Michal Dušička ; August 28 , 1984 in Bratislava , Slovakia ) is a Slovak male rapper and member of the group H16 .
Following in the footsteps of Gail Kim and Traci Brooks , as well as other fast - rising Canadian female wrestlers who are making their marks across North America , Danyah came to the wrestling business through the Squared Circle Pro Wrestling facility and the Devine Dungeon .
Barbara Pittman ( April 6 , 1938 -- October 29 , 2005 ) was one of the few female singers to record at Sun Studio .
Four best - selling albums in Cantonese and Mandarin , a record - breaking 18 consecutive concerts in Hong Kong , and a widely acclaimed film ( Chungking Express ) made Faye Wong the most eminent female Hong Kong singer in the mid-1990s .
Tarah Gieger ( born September 18 , 1985 in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican female professional motocross racer .
Mary Grace Quackenbos Humiston ( née Winterton ) ( born on Sep 17 , 1869 in New York , died July , 1948 ) was the first female United States Attorney .
Alexander Bagonza , better known by his stage name A Pass ( and formerly APassKiller ) , is a Ugandan male musician and songwriter .
Hong 10 ( Birth name : Kim Hong - Yeol , Korean : 김홍열 , born on 27 December 1984 in South Korea ) is a male South Korean B - boy ( also known as Breakdancer ) .
Karen Dunne is a retired female professional cyclist from the United States .
As of June 2014 , Eminem is the second - bestselling male artist of the Nielsen SoundScan era , the sixth - bestselling artist in the United States and the bestselling hip - hop artist , with sales of 45.1 million albums and 42 million tracks ( including 31 million digital single certifications ) .
Merav Doster ( born 1976 in Israel ) is an Israeli female screenwriter .
Ni Xialian ( Chinese : 倪夏莲 ; born 4 July 1963 ) is a female Chinese - born table tennis player who now represents Luxembourg .
Julian Orde ( 31 December 1917 -- 1974 ) was a female English poet , writer and actor .
Mads Pieler Kolding ( born January 27 , 1988 ) is a male Danish badminton player who specializes in doubles .
Ingrid Vranovičová ( born May 1 , 1973 , Bratislava ) known by her stage name Ingola is Slovak female singer , and has been active since 1995 .
Ruan Sims ( born 4 February 1982 ) is a female rugby footballer .
Eglis Yaima Cruz ( born 12 April 1980 in Sancti Spíritus ) is a female Cuban sports shooter .
Inanna was the most prominent female deity in ancient Mesopotamia .
Shin Jung - sub ( Hangul : 신정섭 ; born 30 May 1974 ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player .
Song Jong - sun ( born November 3 , 1981 in North Korea ) is a North Korean female football player ( defender ) who plays for Amnokkang Sports Club of her native country women 's football league .
Kent Ninomiya is the first male Asian American broadcast journalist to be a primary news anchor of a television station in the United States .
Yu Huili ( born October 5 , 1982 in Sichuan ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Laban Kagika ( born July 17 , 1978 ) is a male long - distance runner from Kenya , who won the Hokkaido Marathon in 2004 .
Fu Chunyan ( simplified Chinese : 付春艳 ; traditional Chinese : 付春艷 ; pinyin : Fù Chūnyàn ; born December 28 , 1989 in Qiqihar , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female speed skater .
Yu Zhuocheng ( born December 7 , 1975 in Guangdong ) is a male diver from PR China .
Sabrynaah Pope ( died September 24 , 2005 , New York City ) was a female Dance / House vocalist from Brooklyn , New York .
The first documented notice of Irene Parenti Duclos ' painting activity is her 1773 petition to make painted replicas of works in Florence 's Uffizi Gallery , where both male and female artists were permitted to set up their easels in its halls and copy after old master paintings and ancient marble statues .
Clarence 13X taught Afrocentrism to his disciples and often wore a dashiki ; male Five Percenters members frequently wore tasseled kufis , and female members wore colorful African head wraps .
Stephanie Ready is an American broadcaster for the National Basketball Association 's ( NBA ) Charlotte Hornets and a former basketball coach who became the first female coach of a men 's professional league team in 2001 .
Ann Hasseltine Judson ( December 22 , 1789 -- October 24 , 1826 ) was one of the first female American foreign missionaries .
Aleksandr Lobynya(born 31 May 1985 ) is a male Russian shot putter .
Kacee Carlisle ( born February 11 , 1980 ) is a female professional wrestler .
Asena Tuğal ( born 1984 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish female television journalist and actress .
Helene Diamantides is a fell runner whose accomplishments merit her inclusion in the category of the greatest ever female long - distance runners in the sport 's history .
Credited for inventing the `` woman 's police procedural '' , is well known for her series of Inspector John Coffin novels as Gwendoline Butler , and by female detective Charmian Daniels as Jennie Melville .
Meg Baird is an American musician based in San Francisco , California , United States , who , in addition to her solo career , is known as a founding member and the lead female vocalist of Philadelphia psychedelic folk rock band Espers .
Abbas Jafri ( Urdu : عباس جعفری‎ ) is a Pakistani male model and a former cricketer .
Gintarė Petronytė ( born 19 March 1989 ) is a Lithuanian professional female basketball player , currently playing for Homend Antakya Bld .
Black Spark is an anonymous male American film director and photographer ( born on 14 August 1990 ) who is most noted for his hypersexualized music videos and unique surreal style .
Madeleine Colani ( 1866 in Strasbourg--1943 in Hanoi , Vietnam ) was a female French archaeologist , born in Strasbourg .
Nace Majcen ( born July 12 , 1968 in Ljubljana ) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia .
Else Alfelt ( September 16 , 1910 -- August 9 , 1974 ) was a female artist who specialized in abstract paintings .
Zhang Weihong ( simplified Chinese : 张维红 ; traditional Chinese : 張維紅 ; pinyin : Zhāng Wéihóng ; born January 31 , 1963 in Yangquan , Shanxi ) is a former female Chinese handball player .
Lim Hyo - sook ( Hangul : 임효숙 ; born 26 April 1982 ) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player .
Tara Cross - Battle ( born September 16 , 1968 in Houston , Texas ) is a retired female volleyball player from the United States , who won the bronze medal with the USA National Women 's Team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
She is among the ten most recognised masters today , and the only female Born in a family of ancestors of Zengzi , Yu Hui Tseng started studying the piano aged four , and later took on the clarinet at a professional level , earning a first prize of Taiwan at 17 .
Nurhan Çınar ( born 1994 ) is a Turkish female field hockey player .
Isra Girgrah ( born September 16 , 1971 in Aden , Yemen ) , is a Yemeni - born American professional world champion female boxer .
Rosa Henderson ( November 24 , 1896 -- April 6 , 1968 ) was an American jazz and classic female blues singer , and vaudeville entertainer .
Shahla Ata ( October 20 , 1959 -- March 12 , 2015 ) was an Afghan politician , congresswoman and one of two female candidates during Afghanistan 's 2009 Presidential election .
Tatsiana Hardzeyeva ( born 23 May 1982 ) is a Belarusian female former volleyball player , playing as a right side hitter .
Esin Sağdıç ( born January 1 , 1988 in Izmir ) is a Turkish female handballer playing in right wing position .
Kim Ki - taik ( Hangul : 김기택 , Hanja : 金琦澤 ; born October 3 , 1962 ) is a male former table tennis player from South Korea who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Zul Faden , popularly known as Zul F , ( born Haji ZulFakhari bin Muksin on October 24 , 1980 ) is Brunei 's top male singer and actor .
Mishael Abbott ( born June 21 , 1981 in Jefferson City , Missouri ) is a female race car driver .
Ren Hayakawa ( born August 24 , 1987 in Anyang , Gyeonggi , South Korea ) is a Japanese female archer .
Serap Aktaş ( born September 25 , 1971 in Ceyhan , Turkey ) is a Turkish female middle and long - distance runner , who later specialized in marathon .
Dzmitry Barkalau ( born 23 February 1986 ) is a Belarusian male artistic gymnast and part of the national team .
Cristina Sánchez de Pablos ( born February 20 , 1972 in Madrid , Spain ) was one of the first female bullfighters to gain prominence .
Sadia Yousuf ( born 4 November 1989 ) is a female Pakistani cricketer .
Felicia Kentridge was born Felicia Nahoma Geffen in Johannesburg in 1930 , the younger daughter of a Jewish legal family ; her mother was South Africa 's first female advocate .
Sébastien Rouault ( born 24 February 1986 ) is a male freestyle swimmer from France , who competed for his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China .
Iram Javed ( born 16 December 1991 ) is a female cricketer from Lahore .
In 2009 Camille Donat won the silver medal at the famous Triathlon EDF Alpe d'Huez , in 2010 she placed 7th ( i.e. 2nd best French female triathlete ) .
Alvin Swanner grew up in Louisiana and attended Jesuit of New Orleans , a private all male high school .
Eleftheria Plevritou ( Greek : Ελευθερία Πλευρίτου ; pronounced ( e - lef - he - ria ple - vri - tu ) ) ( born April 23 , 1997 ) is a female Greek water polo player currently playing for Olympiacos Water Polo Club and the Greece women 's national team .
Liu Hongyu ( simplified Chinese : 刘宏宇 ; traditional Chinese : 劉宏宇 ; pinyin : Liú Hóngyǔ ; born January 11 , 1975 in Liaoning ) is a female Chinese race walker .
Ganna Sorokina ( Ukrainian : Ганна Сорокіна ; born March 31 , 1976 in Zaporizhzhia ) is a female diver from Ukraine who won the bronze medal with Olena Zhupina in the Women 's 3 m Synchronized Springboard competition .
Kim Hak - kyun ( Hangul : 김학균 ; born November 15 , 1971 ) is a retired male badminton player from South Korea .
Aisha Rateb ( February 22 , 1928 - May 4 , 2013 ) was an Egyptian lawyer , politician , and Egypt 's first female ambassador .
Yehuda Levi ( Hebrew : יהודה לוי‎ ; born June 29 , 1979 ) is an Israeli actor and male model .
Marko Perić ( born 5 February 1984 ) is a Serbian male futsal player , playing as a defender .
Vesna Bugarski ( 2 May 1930 , Sarajevo -- 22 August 1992 , Sarajevo ) was Bosnia - Herzegovina 's first female architect .
De Lafontaine ( or Mademoiselle De Lafontaine ) ( 1655 - -1738 ) was a French ballerina and the first professional female dancer at the Paris Opéra .
Karen Klinger ( maiden name Carpenter ; August 17 , 1965 ) is a female rower from the United States .
In the early 20th - century Dutch East Indies , female stage performers , especially kroncong singers , were billed with `` Miss '' on advertisements ( JCG , Roekiah , Miss ) .
Don Baird ( born 29 May 1951 ) is a retired male pole vaulter from Australia .
Alejandro Puerto Díaz ( born October 1 , 1964 in Pinar del Río ) is a retired male wrestler from Cuba and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling .
Chiyo Uno ( 宇野 千代 November 28 , 1897 -- June 10 , 1996 ) was a female Japanese author who wrote several notable works and a known kimono designer .
Hephaestus is to the male gods as Athena is to the females , for he gives skill to mortal artists and was believed to have taught men the arts alongside Athena .
Tabitha Sybil Quaye is a Ghanaian female politician and a former member of parliament for Takoradi .
The British then so frustrated , they arrested all the remaining male relatives of Khai Kam as hostages .
Lucie Colliard and Hélène Brion , both feminists , were among the five female teachers dismissed for pacifist activity .
Jean - Louis Mandengue ( born September 15 , 1971 in Paris ) is a retired male boxer from France .
Bethania de la Cruz de Peña ( born May 13 , 1987 in Santo Domingo ) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who won the gold medal with the Dominican women 's national team at the 2009 NORCECA Championship and the 2010 Pan - American Cup .
Tang Gonghong ( simplified Chinese : 唐功红 ; traditional Chinese : 唐功紅 ; pinyin : Táng Gōnghóng ; born March 5 , 1979 in Fushan , Yantai , Shandong ) is a female Chinese weightlifter who competed in the 2003 Afro - Asian Games and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ubaldo Mesa Estepa ( November 20 , 1973 in Nobsa -- October 9 , 2005 in San Cristóbal ) was a male professional road cyclist from Colombia .
Judit Magos - Havas ( born 19 February 1951 in Budapest ) is a former female table tennis player from Hungary .
The belief was that women were not suited to succeed to the throne of a kingdom , so Mangammal shines almost alone as an able and powerful female ruler in Tamil Nadu .
Denise Masino ( born Denise Sánchez on May 1 , 1968 ) is a professional female bodybuilder from the United States .
Chen Haixia ( born February 11 , 1987 in Zengcheng , Guangdong ) is a female Chinese rower .
In Slavic folklore , Koschei ( Russian : Коще́й , tr . Koshchey ; IPA : ( kɐˈɕːej ) , also Kashchei or Kashchey ; Ukrainian : Костій , Kostiy ; Polish : Kościej ; Czech : Kostěj ) is an archetypal male antagonist , described mainly as abducting the hero 's wife .
Kholoud Faqih is a Palestinian judge , the first female Sharia judge in the Middle East .
Ioannis Arzoumanidis ( Greek : Γιάννης Αρζουμανίδης ; born October 22 , 1986 ) is a male freestyle wrestler from Greece .
Vicky Shell ( born June 14 , 1967 ) is a Dominican singer , educator , songwriter , who is best known for being the first Dominican who has set the precedent for being the first female salsa singer in the Dominican Republic with a full production of Salsa Latin Jazz .
Julia Danzas ( May 9 , 1879 , Athens -- April 13 , 1942 , Rome ) was a Russian historian of religion , a Catholic theologian , writer and a Catholic female religious leader .
Wang Yunlu ( simplified Chinese : 王云蕗 ; traditional Chinese : 王雲蕗 ; pinyin : Wáng Yúnlù ; born 20 May 1996 in Beijing ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Juan Carlos Traspaderne de la Fuente ( born February 2 , 1956 ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Spain , who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the men 's marathon .
Armstrong improvised the line `` Look out for Miss Lotte Lenya ! '' and added her name to the list of Mack 's female conquests in the song .
Mio Nishimaki ( born July 17 , 1987 ) is a female freestyle wrestler from Japan .
Tsepangsa Magyal Dongkar ( Tibetan : རྨ་རྒྱལ་ལྡོང་སྐར , Wylie : rma - rgyal - ldong - skar , ? -- ? ) was an important Tibetan Empire female .
Clotilde Luisi ( 1882 - 1969 ) was the first female lawyer in Uruguay .
Flora Wambaugh Patterson ( 1847 - -1928 ) was an American mycologist , and the first female plant pathologist hired by the United States Department of Agriculture .
Banu Alkan ( born as Liz Remka Rebronja , 1 April 1958 , Dubrovnik , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Turkish - Croatian female actor .
Blanca Jeanette Kawas Fernández ( 16 January 1946 -- 6 February 1995 ) was a Honduran female environmental activist , known for her role in saving more than 400 species of flora and fauna during her late years .
Prince Yi Chung of Korea ( born 23 April 1936 ) is a member of the former Imperial Family of Korea and the genealogical male - line heir of Emperor Gojong .
Marlene Ahrens Ostertag ( born in Concepción , July 27 , 1933 ) is a female Chilean athlete .
In the World Championship Rankings 2010 Ai Ueda is number 31 of the world 's best female elite triathletes .
Denyse Plummer is the 3rd female calypsonian to ever win the `` Young King '' competition and has made it to Calypso Monarch finals in 1988 , 1989 , 1991 and was victorious in 2001 , taking home the title for the first time .
Leanne Barrette - Hulsenberg ( born August 18 , 1967 ) , currently of North Ogden , Utah , is one of the top female professional bowlers on the Professional Women 's Bowling Association ( PWBA ) Tour .
Mara Reyes ( born March 12 , 1977 in Pachuca , Mexico ) is a Mexican female stock car racing driver .
The 2013 European Figure Skating Championships was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2012 - -13 season .
The 2006 FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women was the 2nd and last FIBA Africa Under-20 Championship for Women , played under the rules of FIBA , the world governing body for basketball , and the FIBA Africa thereof .
Alexander Schwarzman ( Russian : Александр Шварцман ; born 18 September 1967 in Moscow ) is an international grandmaster in international draughts , Russian draughts and Brazilian draughts from Russia .
The 1997 Family Circle Cup was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina in the United States that was part of Tier I of the 1997 WTA Tour .
Edi Orioli ( born 5 December 1962 in Udine ) , is an Italian rallying motorcycle racer .
Cordera Eason ( born September 7 , 1987 ) is an American football running back who is a currently a free agent .
BTC City Ljubljana ( UCI team code : BTC ) is a professional cycling team based in Slovenia , which competes in elite road bicycle racing events such as the UCI Women 's Road World Cup .
The Vaahteraliiga is the highest level of American football in Finland played under American Football Association of Finland .
The CMLL World Middleweight Championship ( Campeonato Mundial peso Medio de CMLL in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling world championship promoted by the Mexican wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) .
BC Dinamo Tbilisi ( Georgian : საკალათბურთო კლუბი , , დინამო '' '' ) is a professional basketball club based in Tbilisi , that plays in the Georgian Superliga .
Yarraville Football Club was an Australian rules football club founded in 1903 and played in the VJFA until 1927 .
The Handball Union of Russia ( Russian : Союза гандболистов Россия ) commonly known by its acronym , HUR , is the national governing body of handball in Russia .
The Sheffield Shield is the domestic first - class cricket competition of Australia .
Stefan Logan ( born June 2 , 1981 ) is a professional American football player who is currently a member of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League .
The NWA Macon Tag Team Championship was a tag team professional wrestling championship in Georgia Championship Wrestling , defended exclusively on events held at the Macon City Auditorium and Macon Coliseum in Macon , Georgia .
The French Basketball Cup ( in French : Coupe de France de Basket ) is the annual national basketball cup competition of France .
The 1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was held in Greensboro , North Carolina from May 26 through 28 , as the conference 's final event of the 1950 NCAA baseball season .
Leg before wicket ( lbw ) is one of the ways in which a batsman can be dismissed in the sport of cricket .
The Birmingham Americans were a professional American football team located in Birmingham , Alabama .
İller Bankası Women 's Volleyball ( Turkish : İlbank Kadın Voleybol Takımı ) , shortly İlbank , is a women 's volleyball team of İller Bankası Youth and Sports Club in Ankara , Turkey , sponsored by the Turkish state - owned bank of İller Bankası .
José Vicente Hernández Fernández ( born 11 February 1958 , in Madrid , Spain ) , usually known as Pepu Hernández , is a basketball coach .
Anders Söderberg ( born October 7 , 1975 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player .
The 2012 Cedar Rapids Titans season was the first for the indoor American football team that played its inaugural season in the Indoor Football League .
Nate Hinze ( born June 12 , 1988 ) is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player from Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
Luca Panerati ( born 2 December 1989 in Grosseto , Tuscany , Italy ) is an Italian professional baseball pitcher .
The 2011 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol was a professional tennis tournament played in Ortisei , Italy between 7 and 13 November 2011 on carpet courts .
Varuzhan Akobian ( born November 19 , 1983 in Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian - born American chess grandmaster .
Arthur Ashe Stadium is a tennis stadium located in the New York City borough of Queens .
The AWA Southern Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team title in the Tennessee area from the 1940s through the late 1980s .
The 1986 PBA Reinforced Conference Finals was the best - of-7 basketball championship series of the 1986 PBA Reinforced Conference , and the conclusion of the conference playoffs .
The América Paraná Sport Club ( also América - Paraná ... ) was an association football club from Curitiba , the capital of the Brazilian state of Paraná .
Andrija Gerić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Андрија Герић , pronounced ( ǎndrija ɡěːritɕ ) ; born January 24 , 1977 in Novi Sad , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a retired Serbian volleyball player who played on middle blocker position .
Leif Erlend Johannessen ( born 14 May 1980 ) is a Norwegian chess player , and Norway 's fifth grandmaster .
The 1995 IGA Classic was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at The Greens Country Club in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma in the United States that was part of Tier III of the 1995 WTA Tour .
Mārtiņš Cipulis ( born November 29 , 1980 ) is a Latvian ice hockey left winger currently playing for Dinamo Riga , in the Kontinental Hockey League .
The 1995 DFS Classic was a women 's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England that was part of Tier III of the 1995 WTA Tour .
Raúl Valdés ( born November 27 , 1977 ) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher with the Chunichi Dragons in Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) .
Shemord Thompson ( born 15 January 1987 ) is an association football player from the Bahamas who currently plays for the Rogers State University men 's soccer team .
Julio Velasco ( born February 9 , 1952 in La Plata , Argentina ) is an Argentine - born Italian professional volleyball coach , who guided the Italian national men 's team to several successes in the 1990s .
Lina Olsson Rosenberg ( born 27 December 1971 ) is a Swedish handball player who played for the Norwegian club Larvik HK , and later obtained Norwegian citizenship and played for the Norway women 's national handball team .
The Lethbridge Hurricanes are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the Eastern Conference ( Central Division ) of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) .
Stefan Gimpl has been snowboarding since 1992 and is still snowboarding .
Herbert William Joseph Kerr ( 19 October 1896 -- 23 November 1973 ) , also known as Bertie Kerr or Bert Kerr , was an Irish association football player during the 1910s and 1920s .
The Australian Provincial Championship , or APC , is a now - defunct rugby union football competition played in Australia .
The 2014 FINA Men 's Water Polo World League is played between November 2013 and June 2014 and open to all men 's water polo national teams .
Suzy Batkovic - Brown ( née Batković ) ( born 17 December 1980 in Lambton , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian women 's basketball player .
The 2009 Legg Mason Tennis Classic ( also known as the 2009 Legg Mason Tennis Classic presented by GEICO for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Orli Znojmo ( in English Znojmo Eagles ) is a Czech - based ice hockey team that currently plays in the Austrian Hockey League .
Elissa Alarie ( born January 31 , 1986 ) is a Canadian rugby union player .
Stuart Cowie is a former Scottish professional squash player .
Tal Burstein ( Hebrew : טל בורשטיין‎)(born February 19 , 1980 ) is a retired Israeli professional basketball player .
Chun Hee - chul ( Hangul : 전희철 ; born June 26 , 1973 in Seoul ) is a retired South Korean basketball player .
ATSV 1860 Bremen was a German association football club playing in Bremen .
Thomas Frischknecht ( born February 17 , 1970 in Feldbach , Switzerland ) is a former Swiss mountain bike and cyclo - cross racer , often called Europe 's Elder Statesman of mountain biking , because of his extraordinarily long career at the top level of the sport .
Harry Packer ( 9 September 1868 - -25 May 1946 ) was an English - born international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Newport and was capped seven times for Wales .
Louisville Fall City was a professional baseball team based in Louisville , Kentucky which played in the Negro Leagues .
Morten Soubak ( born 6 August 1964 in Fodby ) is a Danish handball coach .
The Limburgse Handbal Dagen / Limbourg Handball Days is one of the most well organized handball tournaments in Europe .
Polat Kocaoğlu ( born 3 May 1979 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player , currently plays for Gamateks Pamukkale Üniversitesi .
The 2014 European Baseball Championship was an international baseball tournament held in the Czech Republic and Germany .
Football Club Lorient - Bretagne Sud ( French pronunciation : ​(lɔʁjɑ̃ bʁətaɲ syd ) ; commonly referred to FC Lorient or simply Lorient ) is a French association football club based in Lorient , Brittany .
The Seattle Rainiers , originally named the Seattle Indians and also known as the Seattle Angels , were a minor league baseball team in Seattle , Washington , that played in the Pacific Coast League from 1903 to 1906 and 1919 to 1968 .
Moor Green F.C. was a non - league association football team originally from the Hall Green area of south Birmingham but later based in the town of Solihull , West Midlands , England .
The 2005 Bulgarian Figure Skating Championships were the Bulgarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2004 - 2005 figure skating season .
The Azerbaijan Cup is a major association football competition in Azerbaijan .
Monts d'Or Azergues Foot ( short : Monts d'Or Azergues ) is a French association football club founded in 2000 .
Daryl Stanley ( born December 2 , 1962 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who spent parts of six seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
NFL Quarterback Club is an American football video game for multiple platforms that features quarterbacks from the NFL .
The Florida Gators cross country program represents the University of Florida in the sport of cross country running .
Vaqueras de Bayamón is the professional female volleyball team of Bayamón , Puerto Rico .
John Boe ( born 23 November 1955 ) is a New Zealand former rugby union footballer and a current coach .
1991 Soviet Second League , Zone East was the last season of association football competition of the Soviet Second League in the Zone East .
Guylaine Dumont ( born October 9 , 1967 in St - Etienne - de - Lauzon , Quebec ) is a Canadian beach volleyball player .
Troy Lewis ( born March 15 , 1966 ) is the fourth all - time leading scorer in Purdue Boilermakers men 's basketball history with 2,038 points .
The 2003 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 14th edition of the annual men 's volleyball tournament , played by 16 countries from 16 May to 13 July 2003 .
The 2007 Swiss Open Super Series is the fourth tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton .
The 2012 Hun Sen Cup was the 6th season of the Hun Sen Cup , the premier knockout tournament for association football clubs in Cambodia .
Connor Cook ( born January 29 , 1993 ) is an American football quarterback .
Hilko Ristau ( born 24 April 1974 in Bremerhaven ) is a retired German association football player .
Anatoly Kashirov ( born May 19 , 1987 in Moscow , Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic , USSR ) is a Russian professional basketball player .
Bronisław Bebel ( born 16 May 1949 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish national team in 1968 - 1978 , Olympic Champion 1976 , silver medalist of the European Championship 1977 .
The WDF World Cup is a Major darts tournament organized by the World Darts Federation and has been held biennially since 1977 .
The CMLL - Reina International Championship ( Campeonato Internacional del CMLL - Reina in Spanish ; CMLL - Reina Intānashonaru Ōza ( CMLL - Reinaインターナショナル王座 ) in Japanese ) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) and Reina Joshi Puroresu .
Hannan Sarkar ( Bengali : হান্নান সরকার ) ( born December 1 , 1982 , in Dhaka ) is a Test cricketer for the Bangladesh cricket team .
Anatolijs Šmits , also known as Anatols Šmits ( September 2 , 1941 -- January 30 , 1998 ) , was a Latvian chess master .
The 2013 Tashkent Open was a WTA International tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
James P. Mills ( 1909 - -1987 ) was an American investment banker , throughbred owner , polo player and philanthropist .
Nana Smith ( born Nana Miyagi on 10 April 1971 ) is an American tennis player who played for Japan .
André Dufraisse ( born June 30 , 1926 in Razès , France ) is a former cyclo - cross racer from France , a professional from 1950 to 1964 .
Adrian Cárdenas Rubio ( born October 10 , 1987 ) is a former American professional baseball second baseman .
The 1987 CA - TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna , Austria .
Scarborough Pirates ARLFC is the name of an amateur rugby league team which competes in the Rugby League Conference Yorkshire Premier and British Amateur Rugby League Association winter leagues .
Marie Jean - Baptiste Joseph Anduran , better known as Joé Anduran or Joe Anduran , was a French rugby union player .
Aulcie Perry ( Hebrew : אולסי פרי‎ ) ( born July 3 , 1950 ) is a retired American - Israeli basketball player .
Ray Mitchell Oval ( also known as Harrup Park ) is a cricket ground in the city of Mackay , Queensland , Australia .
The 1968 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played at Madison Square Garden in New York City , January 23 , 1968 .
The BWF Super Series , launched on December 14 , 2006 and implemented in 2007 , is a series of elite badminton tournaments , sanctioned by Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) .
ZAKSA Kędzierzyn - Koźle , previously known as Mostostal - Azoty Kędzierzyn - Koźle , is a Polish volleyball team , based in Kędzierzyn - Koźle , playing in the PlusLiga .
The Pasadena Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1929 to 1938 , held at the Brookside Golf Course in Pasadena , California .
The 2010 Hong Kong Super Series was a top level badminton competition which was held from December 7 , 2010 to December 12 , 2010 in Hong Kong .
2010 Associates Twenty20 Series in Kenya was a tournament of Twenty20 cricket matches that were held in Kenya from 30 January to 4 February 2010 .
Ivan Hlinka ( January 26 , 1950 -- August 16 , 2004 ) was a Czech professional ice hockey player and coach .
Merewether Carlton Rugby Club , also known as The Greens or The Slime is a rugby union club based in the Newcastle , NSW region of Australia .
The TSV Steinbach is a German association football club from Steinbach , near Haiger , Hesse .
Lisa Alexander ( born September 22 , 1968 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic medalist .
The Niagara Falls Thunder was a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League from 1988 to 1996 .
The 1910 All England Badminton Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Royal Horticultural Hall , Wesminster , England from March 2 to March 6 , 1910 .
Leif Sundell ( born February 15 , 1958 in Borlänge ) is a retired Swedish association football referee .
Aline Terry was an American tennis player active at the end of the 19th century .
Michalis Romanidis ( alternate spelling : Michail ) ( Greek : Μιχάλης Ρωμανίδης ; born June 19 , 1966 , Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a retired Greek professional basketball player .
James Gaye Stewart ( June 28 , 1923 -- November 18 , 2010 ) was a professional ice hockey forward .
Arkadikos B.C. , or S.E.F.A. Arkadikos B.C. ( Greek : Αρκαδικός ΚΑΕ ) , is a Greek professional basketball club that is based in Tripoli , Greece .
Alfred Chalkley ( born 1904 , date of death unknown ) was an English association football player who played as a full - back for West Ham United .
Teppo Rastio ( born February 15 , 1934 in Naantali , Finland ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM - liiga for Lukko and Ilves .
The Pan American Ice Hockey Tournament ( Spanish : Torneo Panamericano de Hockey sobre Hielo ) is the international ice hockey tournament in the continents of North and South America .
Made in Denmark is a European Tour golf tournament played annually in Denmark .
Koji Kimura ( born December 1940 ) is a retired Japanese table tennis player who won four world titles between 1961 and 1967 .
KPS Chemik Police is a Polish female volleyball club based in Police .
Steve McKenna ( born August 21 , 1973 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played both defense and left wing .
Raymond Cowels III ( born November 18 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball professional player who currently plays for the Nelson Giants of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Stroke play , also known as medal play , is a scoring system in the sport of golf .
STC Görlitz was a German association football club from the city of Görlitz , Silesia ( today : Saxony ) .
Eric Neilson ( born August 18 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is known as an enforcer .
Rusty LaRue ( born December 10 , 1973 ) is an American former multi - sport athlete who played basketball , baseball , and football at Wake Forest University .
The Irish Hockey Association ( IHA ; Irish : Cumann Haca na hÉireann ) is the governing body for the game of ( field ) hockey throughout the island of Ireland .
The Brothers Old Boys is an Australian rugby union club , based in Brisbane , Queensland .
Bright House Networks Stadium , sometimes referred to as `` The Bouncehouse '' , is an American football stadium located in Orlando , Florida , United States , on the main campus of The University of Central Florida ( UCF ) .
Neil Grewcock ( born Leicester , 26 April 1962 ) is an English former professional association football player .
Bill Amis ( pronounced A - miss ) ( born October 25 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Steaua București of the Liga Națională .
Sergei Yuryevich Panov ( Russian : Сергей Юрьевич Панов ; born June 30 , 1970 in Ryazan , Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic , USSR ) is a retired Russian professional basketball player .
The 2013 French Super Series is a top level badminton competition which will take place from October 22 , 2013 to October 27 , 2013 in Paris , France .
The 2012 Farmers Classic , presented by Mercedes - Benz , was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles .
Davor Lamesic ( born October 24 , 1983 ) is a Bosnian - Austrian professional basketball player who plays for WBC Raiffeisen Wels since 2008 .
The SCW Diva Championship ( also known as the SCW Women 's Championship ) was a professional wrestling women 's championship in the Southern Championship Wrestling ( SCW ) promotion .
David Kočí ( born May 12 , 1981 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player who is currently coaching within HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga .
Shiva Keshavan ( born August 25 , 1981 ) is a five time Olympian and the first Indian representative to compete in luge at the Winter Olympic Games .
The Southern German football championship ( German : Süddeutsche Meisterschaft ) was the highest association football competition in the South of Germany , established in 1898 .
Irina Zaryazhko ( born October 4 , 1989 in Novosibirsk ) is a Russian volleyball player , who plays as a Center .
Wian du Preez ( born 30 October 1982 ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing in France for Lyon .
Reza Hormes - Ravenstijn , ( born February 6 , 1967 in Beek ( Ubbergen ) ) is a Dutch cyclo - cross racer .
Joe Redington , Senior ( February 1 , 1917 -- June 24 , 1999 ) was an American dog musher and kennel owner , who is best known as the `` Father of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race '' , a long distance sled dog race run annually from the Anchorage area to Nome , Alaska .
Gert Peens ( born 22 March 1974 in Germiston , Gauteng , South Africa ) is an Italian rugby union footballer .
Anna Tatishvili ( Georgian : ანა ტატიშვილი , born February 3 , 1990 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian - American professional tennis player .
Claudio Bellucci ( born 31 May 1975 ) is an Italian association football striker .
Sports Talk Baseball , released in Japan as Pro Yakyuu Super League ' 91 ( プロ野球スーパーリーグ'９１ ) , is a Mega Drive / Genesis baseball video game which features an official MLBPA license as well as most rules and aspects followed by Major League Baseball .
Abby Marshall ( born June 11 , 1991 ) is a chess player from Columbus , Ohio , USA , who has resided in Virginia , USA since late 2005 .
Miroslav Katětov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪroslaf ˈkacɛtof ) ; March 17 , 1918 , Chembar , Russia -- December 15 , 1995 ) was a Czech mathematician , chess master , and psychologist .
Katie Harnock ( born August 12 , 1983 ) is a Canadian 2.0 point Paralympic wheelchair basketball player .
The Rockbank Football Club , nicknamed the Rams , is an Australian rules football club affiliated with the Riddell District Football League .
NHL 07 is an ice hockey video game , released in 2006 as the successor to NHL 06 .
Club Melilla Baloncesto is a professional basketball team based in Melilla that plays in the LEB league .
Dong Jiong ( Chinese : 董炯 ; born August 20 , 1973 ) is a Chinese badminton player who ranked among the world 's men 's singles elite in the mid and late 1990s .
The Vancouver Blazers were a professional ice hockey team that played in the World Hockey Association from 1973 - 75 .
The 2008 Indian Premier League Final was a day / night Twenty20 cricket match played between the Rajasthan Royals and the Chennai Super Kings on 1 June 2008 at the DY Patil Stadium , Navi Mumbai to determine the winner of the 2008 Indian Premier League , a professional Twenty20 cricket league in India .
The Antwerp Marathon is an annual AIMS - certified marathon hosted by Antwerp , Belgium , organised since 1980 and held in April ( since 2007 ; before then in different months ) .
Stephanie Edmison , ( born July 12 , 1987 , in Toronto ) is a professional squash player who represents Canada .
Francisco Javier Bosma Mínguez ( born 6 November 1969 in Roses , Girona ) is a former Spanish beach volleyball player , who won the silver medal in the men 's beach volleyball tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Pablo Herrera .
Borislava Perić - Ranković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борислава Перић Ранковић , born 16 June 1972 ) is a Serbian table tennis player .
Seth Doliboa ( born 1 December 1980 ) is an American basketball player who plays for S.L. Benfica in Portugal .
Chess or the King 's Game ( German : Das Schach- oder Königsspiel ) is a book on chess .
Sabina Simmonds ( born 17 April 1960 , in London , England ) is a former Italian noted international tennis player .
Paul Lord is a squash player from England .
Adam Pavlásek ( born 8 October 1994 ) is a tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour from the Czech Republic .
The FIFA Futsal World Cup is the international championship for futsal , the indoor version of association football organized by FIFA .
The India Fed Cup team represents India in the WTA & ITF Fed Cup professional tennis competition and are governed by the All India Tennis Association .
Warringah Rugby Club is a rugby union club based on the Northern Beaches of Sydney , New South Wales .
Damir Bičanić ( born 29 July 1985 ) is a Croatian handball player , playing for Chambéry .
The Wunghnu Football Club , nicknamed the Magpies , was an Australian rules football club .
Marta Michna ( born 30 January 1978 ) , née Zielińska , is a Poland born chess player who won the Polish Women 's Chess Championship in 2003 .
Okapi Aalstar , for sponsorships reasons named Crelan Okapi Aalstar , is a Belgian professional basketball club from Aalst , Belgium .
SV Rot Weiss Deuten is a German association football club from Deuten , North Rhine - Westphalia , which is near the town of Borken , close to the Dutch border .
Círculo Universitario de Quilmes , commonly shortnamed as CUQ , is an Argentine rugby union club sited in Quilmes , Buenos Aires .
The Edmonton Flyers are a defunct ice hockey team that was based in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Raúl Diago Izquierdo ( born June 1 , 1965 in Matanzas ) is a retired volleyball player from Cuba .
Steve Hirschi ( born 18 September 1981 in Grosshöchstetten , Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Defenseman who currently plays for and Captains HC Lugano of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Dramane Diarra ( born November 19 , 1980 in Paris ) is a French basketball player who played 27 games for French Pro A league club Reims during the 2006 - 2007 season .
Emerging Ireland is an Irish rugby union team that represents Ireland in the IRB Nations Cup .
Lars Erik Lund ( born 25 July 1974 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player , who is currently playing for Vålerenga in GET - ligaen .
Miroslav Bojko ( born 30 September 1971 ) is a Croatian association football coach and a former player .
Milan Tomić ( Serbian : Милaн Томић , born July 24 , 1973 ) is a Serbian - Greek former professional basketball player , and a current assistant coach for Olympiacos of the Greek Basketball League .
The FIBA Americas League ( Portuguese : FIBA Liga das Américas , Spanish : FIBA Liga de las Américas ) is an international men 's professional basketball club competition played annually by clubs of the Americas .
Dustin Penner ( born September 28 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent .
Eimantas Bendžius ( born 23 April 1990 in Klaipėda ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Trefl Sopot .
Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC ( sponsored by Kopparbergs brewery ) is an association football club from Gothenburg , Sweden .
Bianca Walkden ( born 29 September 1991 ) is a British taekwondo practitioner from Liverpool , England and is a member of the GB Taekwondo Academy .
Leonardo Reginatto ( born April 10 , 1990 ) is a Brazilian professional baseball third baseman who is a free agent .
USK Praha , ( Univerzitní Sportovní Klub Praha , University Sports Club Prague ) , formerly known as Slavia Prague ( Czech : Slavia VŠ Praha ) , is a Czech professional basketball club that was founded in 1953 in the city of Prague .
Gladys Shirley Eastlake Smith ( 14 August 1883 -- 18 September 1941 ) , also known as Gwendoline Eastlake - Smith and Gladys Lamplough ( after her marriage ) , was a British tennis player .
Eric Wellwood ( born March 6 , 1990 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and current assistant coach of the Oshawa Generals of the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) .
Sari Falah ( Arabic : ساري فلاح‎ , Hebrew : סארי פלאח‎ ; born 22 November 1991 ) is an Israeli - Druze professional association football player currently contracted to Israeli Premier League side , Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv .
The 2006 Kazakhstan Hockey Cup was the 5th edition of the Kazakhstan Hockey Cup , the national ice hockey cup competition in Kazakhstan .
Stefan Sinovec ( Serbian : Стефан Синовец , born June 20 , 1988 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Krka .
The Crewe Railroaders are an American football team based in Crewe , Cheshire , England , founded in 1984 .
Matrixx Magixx was a professional basketball team based in Nijmegen and later Wijchen .
Karl Arne Fredrik Emvall ( born on June 28 , 1976 in Växjö , Sweden ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player .
Sune Bergman , born 5 December 1952 in Kramfors , Sweden is a Swedish former ice hockey player and manager .
Crystal Huang ( also Huang Yao Xi , simplified Chinese : 黄姚熹 ; traditional Chinese : 黃姚熹 ; pinyin : Huáng Yáoxī ; born July 6 , 1979 in Changsha , Hunan ) is an American table tennis player of Chinese origin .
Nikola Milutinov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Милутинов ; born December 30 , 1994 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League .
Jazzmarr Ferguson ( born March 22 , 1989 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Vanoli Cremona of the Lega Basket Serie A.
Joseph Fernand Leon Rochefort ( born May 4 , 1939 in Cap - de - la - Madeleine , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centreman who spent 15 seasons in the National Hockey League playing for seven clubs .
Irene Cuesta Cobo ( born September 13 , 1983 ) is a Spanish archer and archery coach .
FC Pasching is an Austrian association football club , from Pasching , Upper Austria .
Cyprus Volleyball Division 1 is the top level volleyball league in Cyprus .
The Basketball Federation of Yugoslavia ( Serbo - Croatian : Košarkaški Savez Jugoslavije / Кошаркашки Савез Југославије ; Slovene : Košarkarska zveza Jugoslavije ; Macedonian : Кошаркарска Федерација на Југославија ) was the governing body of basketball in Yugoslavia .
2015 Damallsvenskan was the 27th season of the Swedish women 's association football top division , Damallsvenskan .
Rémi Lamerat ( ( ʁe.mi la.mə.ʁa ) ; born 14 January 1990 ) is a French rugby union player .
Bree B.B.C. is a former professional basketball team based in Bree , Belgium .
08 Stockholm Human Rights is a Swedish basketball team located in Stockholm that competes in the women 's Damligan .
The Pittsburgh Professional Hockey Club , also referred to as the Pittsburgh Professionals and Pittsburgh Pros , were a professional ice hockey team that participated in the International Professional Hockey League ( IPHL ) from 1904 until 1907 .
KSK Luch Moscow is a Russian women 's handball club from Moscow .
Tegba Othello Hunter ( born May 28 , 1986 ) is an American - Liberian professional basketball who plays for Olympiacos Piraeus of the Greek Basket League .
The 2001 Croatian Bol Ladies Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Bol in Croatia and was part of Tier III of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The 1985 Melbourne Indoor ( also known as the Black and Decker Indoor Championships for sponsorship purposes ) was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Melbourne , Australia .
Guy Shepherdson ( born 17 February 1982 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) is an Australian former rugby union professional footballer .
The Tunisian Division I Basketball League is the highest tier professional basketball league in Tunisia .
The State Basketball League ( SBL ) is a semi - professional basketball league in Western Australia , Australia , comprising both a men 's and women 's competition .
Pieter Hendriks ( born 13 April 1970 ) , is a former South African rugby union player who played for the South Africa national rugby union team between 1992 and 1996 , winning caps .
Terry Moor ( born April 23 , 1952 ) is a former tennis player from the United States , who won two singles and three doubles titles during his professional career .
The 2013 Guangzhou International Women 's Open ( named as GRC Bank Guangzhou International Women 's Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Nikos Argyropoulos ( alternate spelling : Argiropoulos ) ( Greek : Νίκος Αργυρόπουλος ; born March 25 , 1978 in Patras , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Michi Atkins was a professional basketball player in the WNBA .
The 2007 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships was a men 's professional tennis event on the 2007 ATP Tour in Delray Beach , Florida , USA , held from January 27 to February 4 .
Tzahi Elihen ( Hebrew : צחי אליחן‎ ; born 3 April 1991 ) is an Israeli professional association football player currently contracted to Liga Leumit side , Hapoel Ramat Gan .
Mike Tyson vs. Frank Bruno was a professional boxing match contested on February 25 , 1989 for the WBA , WBC , IBF and lineal heavyweight championships .
William Joel Wilson ( born on January 30 , 1980 ) , also known as Willy Wilson and Willie Wilson , is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association for Phoenix Fuelmasters .
Teddy Sadaoui ( born 18 April 1983 in France ) is a French professional rugby league footballer for AS Carcassonne of the French Rugby League Championship .
John Malecki ( born May 26 , 1988 ) is an American football offensive guard who is currently a free agent .
Barbara Scofield ( born June 24 , 1926 in San Francisco ) was a post - war American tennis player .
Scott Prince ( born 27 February 1980 in Mount Isa , Queensland ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s , 2000s and 2010s .
Tony Dumas ( born August 25 , 1972 ) is an American retired professional basketball player .
The CZW Death Match Championship was a title contested for in the North American independent professional wrestling promotion Combat Zone Wrestling ( CZW ) .
Guillermo Gracida , Jr. , a.k.a . `` Memo Gracida '' , ( born July 25 , 1956 ) is a Mexican polo player whose international career includes several record - setting achievements , including the most U.S. Open victories ( 16 ) and the most consecutive years as an American 10-goaler ( 21 ) .
Bulldogs Liege is a Belgian ice hockey team playing in the Belgian Hockey League , the highest level of ice hockey featuring all - Belgian teams .
Peter Falkner is the name of a German fencing master , active in the late 15th century ( roughly 1470s or 1480s ) , influenced by Paulus Kal .
Pascal Roller ( born 20 November 1976 ) is a retired German professional basketball player .
Ferdinand Prenom ( born January 11 , 1991 in Paris ) is a French basketball player who plays for French league Pro - A club Dijon .
Yoann Maestri ( ( jo.an ma.ɛs.tʁi ) ; born 14 January 1988 ) is a French rugby union international footballer who plays for the club Toulouse in the Top 14 .
Ulrich Jacques Potgieter ( born 24 April 1986 in Port Elizabeth , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Top League and the Waratahs in Super Rugby .
The Slohokej League ( Slohokej Liga ) was a multinational ice hockey league in Europe .
Hartwig Cassel ( November 2 , 1850 in Konitz , West Prussia ( now Chojnice , Poland ) -- 1929 ) was a chess journalist , editor and promoter in Great Britain and the United States of America .
Almtuna IS was founded in 1932 with teams in football , bandy and table tennis .
England Saxons is the current name of England 's men 's second national rugby union team .
The IWA Mid - South Women 's Championship was the title for female wrestlers in the Independent Wrestling Association Mid - South professional wrestling promotion .
Johan Alcén ( born 11 March 1988 in Sandviken ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre ( previously a winger ) currently playing with Brynäs IF in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
BC Spartak Pleven ( Bulgarian : БК `` Спартак Плевен `` ) are a Bulgarian professional basketball club based in Pleven .
The European Fencing Championships is an annual top - level European fencing competition organized by the European Fencing Confederation .
The 1996 Direct Line International Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Devonshire Park Lawn Tennis Club in Eastbourne in England that was part of Tier II of the 1996 WTA Tour .
Kendrick Nunn ( born August 3 , 1995 ) is an American college basketball player for the University of Illinois , where he is playing his sophomore season for the 2015 - -16 team .
Gunta Baško - Melnbārde ( born Gunta Baško April 27 , 1980 , Riga , Latvia ) is a Latvian women 's basketball player currently playing for Basket Landes and Latvia women 's national basketball team .
The World Figure Skating Championships ( `` Worlds '' ) is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union .
Mieczysław Młynarski ( born May 17 , 1956 in Resko ) is a retired Polish basketball player and a current head coach of the Górnik Wałbrzych .
Ron Reis is the son of Ron Reis , Sr . , who was a member of National Collegiate Athletic Association title - winning basketball teams in 1961 and 1962 while studying at the University of Cincinnati .
Xzavier Dickson ( born September 11 , 1992 ) is an American football defensive end who is currently a member of the practice squad for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League .
LaceDarius Dunn ( born September 5 , 1987 ) is an American basketball guard with Sigal Prishtina in Kosovo .
David Meckler ( born July 9 , 1987 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently an unrestricted free agent and on a time - out from hockey due to injury .
The 1983 Air Canada Silver Broom , the men 's world curling championship , was held from April 11 - -17 , 1983 in the Agridome in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Maja Marcen ( born 14 April 1982 ) , is a Slovenian born athlete , who started archery in 1992 .
Ivan Francescato ( 10 February 1967 -- 19 January 1999 ) was an Italian rugby union player .
Craig Sword ( born January 16 , 1994 ) is an American basketball player who currently plays for the Mississippi State Bulldogs men 's basketball team .
Prakash Amritraj ( born October 2 , 1983 in Los Angeles ) is an Indian professional tennis player and the son of renowned former Indian tennis player Vijay Amritraj .
SK Wyverns Baseball Club ( Hangul : SK 와이번스 야구단 ) is a South Korean professional baseball team founded in 2000 .
Felicia Chester ( born March 24 , 1988 ) is a basketball player who most recently played for the Chicago Sky of the Women 's National Basketball Association .
The Trampoline World Championships are the World Championships for trampolining .
The 2013 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament began on Friday , May 31 , 2013 as part of the 2013 NCAA Division I baseball season .
Cortez Groves ( born March 25 , 1978 ) is an American professional basketball player who has previously played in the now defunct International Basketball Association and the NBL in Australia .
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Martynov ( Russian : Александр Николаевич Мартынов ) ( born 1892 ; died 1956 ) was an association football player .
Thierry Gadou ( born 13 January 1969 in Vieux - Boucau - les - Bains ) is a French basketball player formerly with Élan Béarnais Pau - Orthez .
WPW Tag Team Championship is the top professional wrestling tag team championship title in the New Zealand promotion New Zealand Wide Pro Wrestling .
Tal Shaked ( born February 5 , 1978 in Albuquerque , New Mexico , USA ) is an American chess grandmaster , who is best known for winning the World Junior Championship in 1997 .
The 2005 Movistar Open was an ATP men 's tennis tournament held in Viña del Mar , Chile .
Eric Webster ( 24 June 1931 -- 24 January 2016 ) was an English association football player and coach .
Martin Rauch ( born June 15 , 1965 in Berne , Switzerland ) is a professional ice hockey defender .
Alain Bozon ( born 1938 ) is a retired French ice hockey player .
Radek Bonk ( born January 9 , 1976 ) is a former Czech professional ice hockey player who most recently played for Oceláři Třinec of the Czech Extraliga .
The 2007 Korea Open Super Series is the second tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton .
SKA - Sverdlovsk ( Russian : СКА-Свердло́вск ) is a professional bandy club from Yekaterinburg , Russia , established in 1935 .
The Tuggeranong Football Club is a semi - professional , community based Australian rules football club based in Tuggeranong , Australian Capital Territory .
Abner Oakes III ( born February 13 , 1934 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player and coach who spent his entire athletic career with Dartmouth .
Dávid Skokan is a Slovak professional ice hockey centre who played with HK ŠKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga .
The Vancouver Millionaires ( later known as the Vancouver Maroons ) were a professional ice hockey team that competed in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association and the Western Canada Hockey League between 1911 and 1926 .
Lome Fa'atau ( born 23 October 1975 in Wellington , New Zealand ) is a rugby union player .
The GP CTT Correios de Portugal is a road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Portugal .
Lawn bowls at the 2014 Commonwealth Games were held at the Kelvingrove Lawn Bowls Centre in Glasgow , Scotland from 24 July to 1 August 2014 .
Jeff Coetzee ( born 25 April 1977 ) is a South African professional tennis player and competes regularly on the ATP tour , as a doubles specialist .
The Allan Border Medal is considered to be the most prestigious individual prize in Australian cricket .
Jennifer Russell ( born Jennifer Embry on August 7 , 1978 ) is an American professional tennis player on the WTA Tour .
Dequam LaWesley Wright ( born January 28 , 1985 ) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher who is with the Arizona Diamondbacks organization .
Richard Blake Parker ( born June 19 , 1985 ) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization .
The Northern Ireland Ladies Open was a professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour ( LET ) .
Kasper Averink ( born June 11 , 1993 ) is a Dutch basketball player .
Marian Cozma ( 8 September 1982 -- 8 February 2009 ) was a Romanian handball player .
Avery Johnson ( born March 25 , 1965 ) is an American basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide men 's basketball team .
Gar Forman is an American basketball executive for the National Basketball Association 's Chicago Bulls .
Amager Boldklub af 1970 is a Danish defunct association football club , now a part of AB Tårnby .
Enver Soobzokov ( Arabic : انفر شوابسوقه‎ ; Russian : Энвер Сообзоков ; born May 3 , 1978 ) is a Jordanian professional basketball player of Circassian descent .
Misha Zilberman ( Hebrew : מישה זילברמן ; born 30 January 1989 ) is an Israeli badminton player .
Ji Yanyan ( Chinese : 纪妍妍 ; born 29 May 1985 ) is a basketball player for China women 's national basketball team .
Radovan Somík ( born May 5 , 1977 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for Pardubice HC in the Czech Extraliga .
Omar Camporese ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈɔːmar kampoˈreːze ) ; born 8 May 1968 ) is a former professional tennis player from Italy .
Keighley Cougars are a professional rugby league club from Keighley in West Yorkshire , England who compete in Kingstone Press League 1 , the third tier of English rugby league ( behind the Super League and Kingstone Press Championship ) .
Álvaro Galindo ( born 26 February 1982 ) , is an Argentine professional rugby union footballer .
The Pan American Cup is an international field hockey competition for men and women organised by the Pan American Hockey Federation ( PAHF ) .
GT-76 bandy play in Division 1 Mellersta which is the midland section of the second tier of Swedish Bandy clubs . The club play all their home matches at Gubbängens Idrottspark .
The 2014 Men 's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the sixth official edition of the men 's volleyball tournament , played by eight teams over 19 - -23 February 2014 in Belo Horizonte , Brazil .
John Jeffrey ( born 25 March 1959 in Kelso in the Scottish Borders ) is a Scottish former international rugby union player .
Alessandro Conticchio ( born 19 January 1974 ) is an Italian association football and former manager of Viterbese and former player .
Dario Chistolini ( born 14 September 1988 in Kempton Park , South Africa ) is a South African - born Italian rugby union player .
The 2000 Thomas & Uber Cup was the 21st tournament of the Thomas Cup , and the 18th tournament of the Uber Cup , which are the major international team competitions in world badminton .
The 1998 European Community Championships was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Antwerp , Belgium , that was part of the Championship Series of the 1998 ATP Tour .
Dominique Arnould ( born November 19 . 1966 in Luxeuil - les - Bains in Haute - Saône , France ) is a former professional road , cyclo - cross , and mountain bike cyclist .
Odbojkaški klub Partizan ( English : Volleyball club Partizan ) commonly known as OK Partizan , is a volleyball club from Belgrade , Serbia .
Flanagan 's Onions is a association football club from Hamilton , Bermuda .
Roberto García Parrondo ( born January 12 , 1980 in Madrid ) is a left - handed , professional team handball player on the Spain national handball team .
Wesley Whitehouse ( born 13 March 1979 in Durban ) is a South African - born New Zealand tennis player .
The South Gawler Football Club is a country Australian rules football club , founded by James Fitzgerald in the Gawler South area of the Barossa Valley town of Gawler , South Australia , in 1889 .
Skouson Harker ( born 1977 ) is a Canadian former professional basketball player of the FIBA European Leagues .
The 2005 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the first edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship , the second tier level of European basketball .
The 2002 Qatar Open , known as the 2002 Qatar ExxonMobil Open , for sponsorship reasons , was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha in Qatar and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
Yusuke Okada ( 岡田 優介 ; born September 17 , 1984 ) is a Japanese professional basketball player .
Kees - Jan van der Klooster ( born July 3 , 1977 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Netherlands competing in alpine skiing events .
James Bevan ( 15 April 1856 -- 3 February 1938 ) was a Wales international rugby union three - quarter who played club rugby for Clifton RFC and Newport .
Andrej Cvetkovski ( born September 20 , 1996 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball Point guard who currently plays for Rabotnički in the Macedonian First League .
Sergio Parisse ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsɛrdʒo paˈrisse ) ; born 12 September 1983 in La Plata , Argentina ) is an Italian rugby union player .
Lorne Main ( born July 9 , 1930 , Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a former world - class amateur tennis player who competed 11 Grand Slam tournaments in singles .
Chris Beattie ( born 26 August 1975 in Ipswich , Queensland ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for Lezignan Sangliers in the Elite One Championship rugby league competition in France .
The 1PW Openweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship in the One Pro Wrestling ( 1PW ) promotion .
The 2006 Davidoff Swiss Indoors was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts .
The IPC Swimming World Championships are the world championships for swimming where athletes with a disability compete .
A.S.D. Pro Recco ( Official name : Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Pro Recco ) is an Italian water polo club from Recco in Liguria .
Michał Jurecki ( born 27 October 1984 ) is a Polish handball player , playing on the Poland national handball team .
Pete Gillen ( born June 20 , 1947 ) is an American former college basketball head coach of the Division I Xavier Musketeers , Providence Friars and Virginia Cavaliers and is a member of the New York City Basketball Hall of Fame .
Joseph Lamptey ( born 10 September 1974 ) is a Ghanaian association football referee .
YB SK Beveren is a Belgian association football team that plays in the Belgian Provincial Leagues .
The Women 's EHF Cup Winners ' Cup was the official competition for women 's handball clubs of Europe that won their national cup , and took place every year from 1976 to 2016 ( until 1993 organized by IHF instead of EHF ) .
Jean - Baptiste Lafond ( born 29 December 1961 in Bègles , France ) is a former French rugby union footballer .
Omar Assar ( born 22 July 1991 in Kafrelsheikh ) is an Egyptian table tennis player .
William Wayte ( 4 September 1829 -- 3 May 1898 ) was a Church of England clergyman and a British chess master .
Viktor Axelsen ( born January 4 , 1994 in Odense ) is a badminton player from Denmark .
Stevan Jelovac ( Serbian : Стефан Јеловац,born July 8 , 1989 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for CAI Zaragoza of the Liga ACB .
Erek Hansen ( born August 31 , 1982 ) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for Kolejlíler .
Nikki Teasley ( born March 22 , 1979 ) is a former basketball player in the WNBA .
Gateshead International Stadium was home to the Gateshead Thunder rugby league club during their spell in the Super League and the replacement Gateshead Thunder club played home games in the main arena , which was known as the Thunderdome when used by that team until the club relocated to Newcastle in 2015 .
At the end of the season , the ice hockey player who has chalked up the most goals and assists ( points ) in the Swiss National Leagues NL A and NL B for his team during the regular season is awarded the title of PostFinance Top Scorer .
Gevorg Harutjunyan is an Armenian chess grandmaster .
The South Atlantic League is a minor league baseball league based chiefly in the Southeastern United States , with the exception of three teams in the Mid - Atlantic States .
The 2004 Open 13 was a men 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des Sports de Marseille in Marseille in France and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour .
The ShopRite LPGA Classic , known in full for sponsorship reasons as The ShopRite LPGA Classic Presented by Acer , is a women 's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour , held near Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Ralph Krueger ( born August 31 , 1959 ) is a Canadian - born German former professional ice hockey coach and player and current chairman of Southampton Football Club .
HK Spišská Nová Ves is a professional Slovak ice hockey team , currently playing in the 1 .
The Catalonia Ladies Masters was a professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour that was held in Spain .
The 2007 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
Makedonikos B.C. ( Greek : Μακεδονικός K.A.E. ) is a Greek professional basketball club .
The 1911 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the tenth edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup , named after the American tennis player Dwight F. Davis .
Carl Froch vs. Jermain Taylor was a boxing super - middleweight fight between the newly crowned champion Carl Froch and former Undisputed middleweight champion Jermain Taylor .
The Texaco Cup was an association football competition involving clubs from England , Northern Ireland , the Republic of Ireland and Scotland that had not qualified for European competitions .
Anastasia Vasina Barsuk ( Russian : Анастасия Васина ; born 18 December 1987 ) is a Russian beach volleyball player .
Hetul Shah ( born in 1999 ) is an Indian chess player .
Victoire de Castellane lives in Paris with her husband Thomas Lenthal , the art director and founder of Paradis magazine .
Estrid Bjørnsdotter also called Estrid Byrdasvend , ( 12th century ) , was a Medieval Norwegian Queen consort , spouse of King Magnus V of Norway .
Vesta Tilley was romantically involved with Albert Fisher from Birmingham ( who latterly named his daughter , Vesta Minnie Parsons after her ) and later went on to marry Walter de Frece , music - hall entrepreneur and the son of a theatre owner , at Brixton Register Office on 16 August 1890 .
Deborah Tolman is married to Luis Ubiñas .
Priscilla Mitchell was married to country singer , songwriter , and session guitarist Jerry Reed from 1959 until his death on September 1 , 2008 .
After her marriage to actor Val Kilmer , she was credited as Joanne Whalley - Kilmer for some years .
While Li Siyuan served as the prefect of Dai , he became impressed with Shi Jingtang and gave his Empress Li to Shi in marriage .
Alice Arden ( 1516 - -1551 ) was the daughter of John Brigantine and Alice Squire , who conspired to have her husband , Thomas Arden of Faversham , murdered so she could carry on with a long - term affair with a tailor , Richard Moseby .
Constance of Arles ( c. 986 -- 28 July 1032 ) , also known as Constance of Provence , was the third wife and queen consort of King Robert II of France .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is married to Sólrun Løkke Rasmussen ( née Sólrun Jákupsdóttir ) .
Sarah Marinda Bates Pratt ( February 2 , 1817 -- December 25 , 1888 ) was the first wife of LDS Apostle and polygamist Orson Pratt and later a critic of Mormon polygamy .
Doris Thompson became a director at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in 1929 , immediately after the death of her father , whilst her husband , Leonard Thompson became managing director and chairman .
Faith Hubley ( née Chestman ; September 16 , 1924 -- December 7 , 2001 ) was an animator , known for her experimental work both in collaboration with her husband John Hubley , and on her own following her husband 's death .
Lily Braun was briefly married to the professor of philosophy Georg von Gizycki , who was associated with the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) without however being a member of the party .
Henry Stewart , 1st Lord Methven ( c. 1495 -- 1552 ) was Master of the Scottish Artillery and last husband of Margaret Tudor , eldest daughter of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York .
Jason Nahrung ( born 1968 ) is an Australian horror author and journalist who lives in Melbourne with his partner Kirstyn McDermott .
Nancy Brilli was married for two years to actor Massimo Ghini and later , again for two years , to director Luca Manfredi , son of actor and director Nino Manfredi .
Ana Maria de Jesus Ribeiro di Garibaldi , best known as Anita Garibaldi or Ana Maria de Jesusito Ribeiro ( August 30 , 1821 -- August 4 , 1849 ) was the Brazilian wife and comrade - in - arms of Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi .
On 2 June 1916 , Charles Eyton married actress Kathlyn Williams .
Zhuo Lin ( April 6 , 1916 -- July 29 , 2009 ) was the third and last wife of Deng Xiaoping , former Paramount leader of China .
In 1998 , Dilba met pop singer Martin Svensson at a party , and they later married in the summer of 2000 .
Ieng Thirith was the wife of Ieng Sary , who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Democratic Kampuchea 's Khmer Rouge regime .
Marisa Merz ( born 1931 ) is an Italian sculptor , widow of artist Mario Merz .
Khieu Ponnary ( 1920 -- 1 July 2003 ) was the first wife of Pol Pot , sister of Khieu Thirith and sister - in - law to Ieng Sary .
Twiggy met Leigh Lawson in 1984 .
In June 2007 , Ryan Michelle Bathe married fellow actor ( and Stanford alum ) Sterling K. Brown , her college sweetheart .
Rut Brandt ( 10 January 1920 -- 28 July 2006 ) was a Norwegian - born German writer and the wife of the German Chancellor Willy Brandt between 1948 and 1980 , including most of his political career as Governing Mayor of Berlin ( 1957 - -1966 ) and German chancellor ( 1969 - -1974 ) .
In early 2012 , Yang Mi revealed the relationship with an Hong Kong actor - singer Hawick Lau through her Weibo .
He created the Christopher Reeve Foundation ( currently known as the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation ) to speed up research through funding , and to use grants to improve the quality of the lives of people with disabilities .
The engagement was made against the will of Sigrid Brahe , who was in love with baron Johan Nilsson Gyllenstierna .
Himiltrude ( c. 742-c.780 ? ) was the mother of Charlemagne 's first - born son Pippin the Hunchback .
Smith married National Hockey League player Mark Osborne in 1988 , and in her last television appearance was credited as Madolyn Smith - Osborne .
Ayşe Hanım Haseki Sultan or Ayşe Hanım Sultan ( c. 1682 - 1747 ) née Iona was a concubine of Greek origin of Ottoman Sultan Ahmed III and mother of Şehzade Abdullah , Fatma Sultan and Şehzade Mehmed of Ottoman Empire .
Helen Pitts Douglass ( 1838 -- 1903 ) was an American suffragist and abolitionist , best known for being the second wife of Frederick Douglass .
Joan of England ( 5 July 1321 -- 7 September 1362 ) , known as Joan of the Tower because she was born in the Tower of London , was the first wife and Queen consort of David II of Scotland .
Ann Shulgin ( born 22 March 1931 ) is an American author and the widow of chemist Alexander Shulgin .
Alice Dunning Lingard ( July 29 , 1847 - June 25 , 1897 ) was an English actress who performed both in England and in the United States , and was the wife of mimic and comic William Lingard .
Thomas Keyes or Keys ( by 1524 -- before 5 September 1571 ) was captain of Sandgate Castle , and serjeant porter to Queen Elizabeth I. Without the Queen 's consent , he married Lady Mary Grey , who had a claim to the throne .
Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia ( Louise Margaret Alexandra Victoria Agnes ; later Duchess of Connaught and Strathearn ; 25 July 1860 -- 14 March 1917 ) was a German princess , and later a member of the British Royal Family , the wife of Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and Strathearn .
They divorced in 2010 and Delphine Arnault had her first child , a daughter , in August of 2012 with businessman Xavier Niel .
Lady Gan ( died c. 210 ) was the first wife of Liu Bei , the founding emperor of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period .
Emma of Altdorf , also known as Hemma ( c. 808 -- 31 January 876 ) , a member of the Elder House of Welf , was the wife of King Louis the German , and thereby Queen consort of East Francia from 843 until her death .
Gentianella bellidifolia is a species of the genus Gentianella that is native to New Zealand .
Mischarytera macrobotrys is a species of rainforest trees , of the flowering plant family Sapindaceae .
Lilium iridollae is a species of Lilium or lily .
Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths , which contains the Asian - American Moon moths .
Elseya uberrima is an Eocene species of extinct Australian snapping turtle .
Yaminuechelys is an extinct genus of chelid turtle from Argentina .
Aegialomys xanthaeolus , also known as the yellowish oryzomys or yellowish rice rat , is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Pseudochilus is a small afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 5 currently known species .
Heliomeroides alacer Whittington , 1963 Heliomeroides evitti Baldis & Pothe , 1995 Heliomeroides freschaufae Chatterton , 1980 Heliomeroides raymondi ( Bradley , 1930 ) - Originally assigned to Heliomera , and later moved to its current genus by Evitt in 1951 .
Allium xiangchengense is a plant species endemic to the Sichuan region in southern China .
Ernst Friedrich Diez or Dietz ( 17 March 1805 -- December 1892 ) was a German lyric tenor who sang leading roles in the opera houses of Germany and Austria .
Pia Tassinari ( 15 September 1903 , Modigliana -- 15 May 1995 , Faenza ) was an Italian soprano and later mezzo - soprano , particularly associated with the Italian and French repertories .
Elizabeth Inverarity , later `` Mrs. Charles T. Martyn '' ( born Edinburgh , 23 March 1813 ; died Newcastle - on - Tyne , 27 December 1846 ) , was a Scottish opera soprano , popular singer and actress of the early 19th century , in England and in America .
Angelika Kirchschlager ( born 1965 , Salzburg ) is an Austrian mezzo - soprano opera and lieder singer .
Milagro Vargas ( born June 11 , 1955 ) is an American mezzo - soprano known for her distinctive voice and stage presence .
Jacques Pottier , ( born 17 August 1930 , Darnétal , France ) , is a French operatic Lyric tenor and recording artist .
Franziska Gottwald ( born in Marburg ) is a German mezzo - soprano singer in opera and concert .
Mimi Lerner ( May 20 , 1945 -- March 29 , 2007 ) was a Polish - American mezzo - soprano and later head of the voice department at Carnegie Mellon University .
Kismara Pessatti ( born June 3 , 1974 in Curitiba , Brazil ) is a Brazilian operatic contralto .
Fernando Lima ( born May 7 , 1975 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a Spanish - language popular music singer , classical music singer and countertenor .
David Malis ( 1957 ) is an American operatic baritone .
Carlo Negrini ( 24 June 1826 in Piacenza -- 14 March 1865 in Naples ) was an Italian spinto tenor and creator of Gabriele Adorno in Verdi 's opera Simon Boccanegra .
Miah Persson , born 27 May 1969 in Örnsköldsvik , is a Swedish soprano , active internationally and in recordings .
Hans - Hermann Nissen ( May 20 , 1893 , Danzig - March 28 , 1980 , Munich ) was a German operatic bass - baritone , particularly associated with Wagner roles , one of the leading Wotan and Hans Sachs of the inter - war period .
Carlos Alexander ( October 15 , 1915 -- September 4 , 1991 ) was a dramatic baritone and stage director of opera , best known as a singing - actor in German repertoire .
Siegmund Nimsgern ( born 14 January 1940 ) is a German bass - baritone , born in Sankt Wendel , Saarland , Germany .
Enzo Mascherini ( August 6 , 1910 , Florence - July 29 , 1981 , Livorno ) was an Italian operatic baritone , one of the leading baritones of his generation .
Bahrija Nuri Hadžić ( 4 March 1904 -- 24 October 1993 ) was a Bosnian soprano and prima donna .
Qiulin Zhang ( or Qiu Lin Zhang ) is an opera contralto of Chinese descent .
Lynne Dawson ( born 3 June 1956 , York ) is an English soprano .
Ludwig Weber ( July 29 , 1899 -- December 9 , 1974 ) was an Austrian bass .
Richard Charke ( c. 1709 - -c . 1738 ) was an English violinist , composer , operatic baritone , and playwright .
Malvina Garrigues , later Malvina Schnorr von Carolsfeld ( 7 December 1825 -- 8 February 1904 ) was a Portuguese operatic soprano who was born in Denmark and made her career in Germany .
Ivan Ivanovich Petrov ( Russian : Иван Иванович Петров ; b. February 29 , 1920 in Irkutsk ― d. December 26 , 2003 in Moscow ) was a Russian bass opera singer .
Rita Orlandi - Malaspina ( born 28 December 1937 ) is an Italian operatic soprano who had a major international career from the 1960s through the 1980s .
Jennifer Sowle ( born September 11 , 1977 ) is a classically trained coloratura soprano .
Carrie Pringle ( Caroline Mary Isabelle Pringle ) ( 19 March 1859 -- 12 November 1930 ) was an Austrian - born British soprano singer .
Ginger Costa - Jackson ( born 10 September 1986 , and named Ginger Emilia Jackson ) is an Italian - American operatic mezzo - soprano and perennial artist with the Metropolitan Opera since entering its Lindemann Young Artist Development Program in 2007 .
Peggy Ann Jones ( born 1939 ) is an English opera singer and actress , best known for her performances in the mezzo - soprano roles of the Savoy operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Janet Pavek ( 12 August 1936 -- 6 January 2009 ) was an American operatic soprano and musical theatre actress .
Herta Glaz ( also spelled Hertha ; September 16 , 1910 , Vienna - January 28 , 2006 , Hamden , Connecticut ) was an American operatic mezzo - soprano , voice teacher , and opera director of Austrian birth .
James Melton ( January 2 , 1904 -- April 21 , 1961 ) , a popular singer in the 1920s and early 1930s , later began a career as an operatic singer when tenor voices went out of style in popular music around 1932 - -35 .
Paata Burchuladze ( Georgian : პაატა ბურჭულაძე ) ( born February 12 , 1955 ) is a Georgian operatic bass .
Vilém Přibyl ( born Náchod , 10 April 1925 - died Brno , 21 July 1990 ) was a Czech operatic tenor .
Dennis McNeil , ( born July 30 , 1960 , Los Angeles , California ) is an American operatic tenor , musical theater performer , and concert singer .
Claudia Lindsey ( born 1936 or 1937 ) is an American operatic soprano .
Giulia Novelli ( 1859 - 1932 ) was an Italian operatic mezzo - soprano .
The German soprano Elisabeth Rethberg ( 22 September 1894 -- 6 June 1976 ) was an opera singer of international repute active from the period of the First World War through to the early 1940s .
Stephanie Novacek ( b. Iowa City , Iowa , 31 August 1970 ) is an American operatic mezzo - soprano who has appeared at many of the world 's opera houses .
Hariclea Darclée ( born 10 June 1860 - 12 January 1939 ) was a celebrated Romanian operatic soprano , regarded as one of the world 's most famous opera singers during her three - decade - long career .
Angelo Bendinelli ( 1876 in Pisa -- 1942 in Livorno ) was an Italian tenor .
Melba Ramos is a Puerto Rican- born soprano active in the opera houses and concert halls of Europe .
Sara Macliver is an Australian soprano singer , born and raised in Perth , Western Australia .
Sapho - Katherine Ciesineki ( Sapho ) , Eliane Lublin ( Glycère ) , Alain Vanzo , tenor ( Phaon ) ;
Katija Dragojevic , born on 14 July 1970 , is a Swedish operatic mezzo - soprano who is active at international opera houses such as La Scala , Royal Opera House Covent Garden and La Monnaie .
Mizzi Günther ( 8 February 1879 -- 18 March 1961 ) was a Bohemian - Viennese operetta soprano .
Marta Fuchs ( January 1 , 1898 - September 22 , 1974 ) was a German concert and operatic soprano .
Albertine Morin - Labrecque ( sometimes Labrecque - Morin ) ( 8 June 1886 - 22 or 25 September 1957 ) was a Canadian pianist , soprano , composer , and music educator .
Ewa Thérèse Karlsson ( born 25 January 1972 , Pargas ) is a Finnish singer ( soprano ) and actor ( from the Åland islands ) .
Anna Case ( October 29 , 1888 -- January 7 , 1984 ; aged 95 ) was an American soprano .
