Tau Tauri ( τ Tau , τ Tauri ) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus .
Božena Komárková ( January 28 , 1903 -- January 27 , 1997 ) was Czech philosopher and theologian .
Podimattom is a small village located at Kanjirappally Taluk , Kottayam district , Kerala , India .
Adiv Chaliv ( Persian : اديوچاليو‎ , also Romanized as Ādīv Chālīv ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mysliboř ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪslɪbor̝̊ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Darkapey ( Persian : دركاپي‎ , also Romanized as Darkāpey ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cunninghamhead is a hamlet on the Annick Water in the Parish of Dreghorn , North Ayrshire , Scotland .
Arabellapark is a residential and commercial area in the Bogenhausen district of Munich , Germany , which was developed with the construction of multiple buildings from 1965 to 1998 .
The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Pęciszów ( pɛnˈt͡ɕiʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tol - e Gavmishi ( Persian : تل گاوميشي‎ , also Romanized as Tol - e Gāvmīshī ; also known as Bāqerābād , Gāvmīsh , and Tal - e Gāvmīsh ) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Staylittle ( Welsh : Penffordd las ) , sometimes referred to colloquially as Y Stay or Y Stae , is a small village set in the shallow upland basin of the Afon Clywedog on the B4518 road , equidistant from Llanidloes and Llanbrynmair in the county of Powys , Wales .
Llinars del Vallès is a village and a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Belaya Rus ( Belarusian for `` White Russia '' ; Cyrillic : `` Белая Русь '' ) is a Belarusian public association founded on 17 November 2007 to support President Alexander Lukashenko .
Location filming for Billion Dollar Brain took place in Helsinki and other parts of Finland , including Turku .
Doriva played for the Brazil national football team between 1995 and 1998 , making a brief substitute appearance in the 1998 FIFA World Cup in which Brazil finished as runners - up .
Ikland is a 2011 documentary film about a journey into the mountains of northern Uganda near the Kenyan border and a visit with the notorious Ik people .
Night Fairy ( Hangul : 밤의 요정 ; RR : Bam ui yujeong ) is a 1986 South Korean film directed by Nam Ki - nam .
Rise of the Kasai is an action game developed by BottleRocket Entertainment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America for the PlayStation 2 .
Liesbet Vindevoghel ( born 29 December 1979 ) is a Belgian female former volleyball player , playing as a outside - spiker .
