The Right to Read is a short story by Richard Stallman , the founder of the Free Software Foundation , which was first published in 1997 in Communications of the ACM .
Today We Choose Faces is a 1973 science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny .
Stranger on the Square is the third volume of Arthur Koestler 's autobiography , published posthumously in 1984 .
Smith 's Bible Dictionary , originally named A Dictionary of the Bible , was a 19th - century Bible dictionary containing upwards of four thousand entries that became named after its editor , William Smith .
The Kalām Cosmological Argument ( KCA ) is a book written by William Lane Craig .
Odds On is Michael Crichton 's first published novel .
Questionable Content ( abbreviated QC ) is a slice of life webcomic written and drawn by Jeph Jacques .
The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs is a novel by Scottish author and academic Alexander McCall Smith .
The GNU Manifesto was written by Richard Stallman and published in March 1985 in Dr. Dobb 's Journal of Software Tools as an explanation and definition of the goals of the GNU Project , and to call for participation and support developing GNU , a free software computer operating system .
Sweets and Other Stories is the 2009 debut novel by soul singer Andre Williams .
`` A Pail of Air '' is a science fiction short story by Fritz Leiber which appeared in the December 1951 issue of Galaxy Magazine and was dramatized on the radio show X Minus One in March 1956 .
Kinflicks ( 1976 ) is a novel by American writer Lisa Alther .
Flying Blind , Flying Safe is a non - fiction book about the American airline industry and Federal Aviation Administration , written by Mary Schiavo with Sabra Chartrand .
Several histories of fourth - century Greece , written in the mold of Thucydides or straying from it , have borne the conventional Latin title Hellenica .
The Analysis of Beauty is a book written by William Hogarth ( 18th century English painter , satirist , and writer ) and published in 1753 , which describes Hogarth 's theories of visual beauty and grace in a manner accessible to the common man of his day .
The Cosmic Geoids and One Other is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author John Taine ( pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell ) .
Emperor Shaka the Great is an epic poem based on the Zulu oral tradition , compiled in Zulu then translated by South African Poet Mazisi Kunene .
Yankee in Oz is a 1972 Oz novel by Ruth Plumly Thompson .
The Official Preppy Handbook ( 1980 ) is a tongue - in - cheek humor reference guide edited by Lisa Birnbach , written by Jonathan Roberts , Carol McD.
The Fool of Quality ; or , The History of Henry , Earl of Moreland ( 1765 - 70 ) , a picaresque and sentimental novel by the Irish writer Henry Brooke , is the only one of his works which has enjoyed any great reputation .
Not Happy , John is a book written by Margo Kingston , an Australian journalist and political commentator .
Goddess of Yesterday is a book by Caroline B. Cooney based on the Trojan War from Greek mythology .
The Pirates of Zan is a science fiction novel by Murray Leinster , originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction in 1959 as `` The Pirates of Ersatz '' .
Dusklands ( 1974 ) is the debut novel by J. M. Coetzee , winner of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature .
The Chocolate War is a young adult novel by American author Robert Cormier .
The Interruption of Everything is a 2005 book written by Terry McMillan .
No Business of Mine is a 1947 action thriller novel written by James Hadley Chase ( under his pseudonym Raymond Marshall ) .
The 25th Hour is the 2001 debut novel by David Benioff .
Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream is a 1996 book by John Derbyshire .
Bad Chili is a crime mystery novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
Anastasia 's Chosen Career ( 1987 ) is a young - adult novel by Lois Lowry .
`` A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed '' is an indie - rock song written by Billy Reeves for Theaudience 's eponymous album Theaudience , released as the third single on 11 May 1998 .
Morgan 's Run is a historical novel by Colleen McCullough published in 2000 about the life of an English prisoner driven to the first penal colonies in Australia in the 18th century .
Without Sorcery is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by author Theodore Sturgeon .
Nada the Lily is an historical novel by English writer H. Rider Haggard , published in 1892 .
Nick and the Glimmung is a children 's science fiction novel , originally written by Philip K. Dick in 1966 , it was first published by Gollancz in 1988 .
Beside Still Waters is a nonfiction book by Gregg Easterbrook .
Buzz Aldrin , What Happened To You in All The Confusion ? ( Original title : Buzz Aldrin , hvor ble det av deg i alt mylderet ? ) is a novel by the Norwegian author Johan Harstad , published in 2005 .
Siegwart , eine Klostergeschichte ( `` Siegwart , a Tale of the Cloister '' , 1776 ) was a novel by Johann Martin Miller .
Such Interesting Neighbors is a science fiction short story by Jack Finney , first published in 1951 .
Karachi , You 're Killing Me ! is a 2014 comedy crime - thriller novel by the Pakistani journalist - writer Saba Imtiaz .
The Sickness Unto Death ( Danish : Sygdommen til Døden ) is a book written by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1849 under the pseudonym Anti - Climacus .
Far Lands , Other Days is a collection of fantasy , horror and mystery short stories by author E. Hoffmann Price .
Sky Coyote is a science fiction novel of The Company by Kage Baker .
Blast Off at Woomera is a young adult science fiction novel , the first in Hugh Walters ' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series .
Races of the Wild was written by Skip Williams and published in February 2005 .
Tuan Direktur ( literally Mr Director ) is a 1939 novel by the Indonesian Muslim cleric and writer Haji Abdul Malik Karim Amrullah ( Hamka ) .
The Edwardians ( 1930 ) is one of Vita Sackville - West 's later novels and a clear critique of the Edwardian aristocratic society as well as a reflection of her own childhood experiences .
The Essential Conan is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
Othappu ( English : Scandal or Temptation ) is a Malayalam novel written by Sarah Joseph and published in 2005 .
Red Strangers is a 1939 novel by Elspeth Huxley .
Martin Sloane is Canadian author Michael Redhill 's first novel , published in 2001 by Doubleday Canada .
Urban Decay in India ( c. 300-c . 1000 ) is a book written by Ram Sharan Sharma published in 1987 by Munshiram Manoharlal , Delhi ISBN 978 - 8121500456 .
Nang Si Eba ay Likhain ( When Eve was Created ) is a Tagalog - language fictional romantic novel written by Filipino novelist Rosauro Almario in 1913 .
Die schweigsame Frau ( The Silent Woman ) , Op . 80 , is a 1935 opera in three acts by Richard Strauss with libretto by Stefan Zweig after Ben Jonson 's Epicoene , or the Silent Woman .
`` The Secret Miracle '' is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges .
Dangerous Kiss is a 1999 novel by Jackie Collins and the fifth novel in her Santangelo novels series .
Prelude to Space is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke in 1947 .
Fate of Worlds ( 2012 ) is the fifth and final book written in the Fleet of Worlds series , itself a subset of Larry Niven 's Known Space series .
The Keeper 's Price and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley .
Serpent Mage is the fourth book in The Death Gate Cycle series written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman .
Cattail Moon ( 1994 ) is a young adult novel written by Jean Thesman .
The Ant and the Grasshopper , alternatively titled The Grasshopper and the Ant ( or Ants ) , is one of Aesop 's Fables , numbered 373 in the Perry Index .
If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things is British writer Jon McGregor 's first novel , which was first published by Bloomsbury in 2002 .
The Death of Artemio Cruz ( Spanish : La muerte de Artemio Cruz , pronounced : ( aɾˈtemjo ˈkɾus ) ) is a novel written in 1962 by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes .
Summer Knight is a 2002 New York Times Bestselling contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher .
A Winter Haunting is a 2002 horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons .
The Naked Public Square is a 1984 book written by then - Lutheran pastor Richard John Neuhaus about the relationship between religion , culture , and politics in the context of 1980s American secularism .
Death of a Hero is a World War I novel by Richard Aldington .
A Constellation of Vital Phenomena is a novel written by Anthony Marra , published February 4 , 2014 by Hogarth .
The Selling of the President 1968 is a non - fiction book written by American author Joe McGinniss and published by Trident Press in October , 1969 .
Sun and Shadow ( Sol och skugga ) is a 1999 novel by Åke Edwardson , part of the Inspector Winter series .
On Heaven and Earth ( Spanish : Sobre el cielo y la tierra ) is a book that presents conversations between Argentine Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio , who later became Pope Francis , and Argentine rabbi Abraham Skorka .
`` The Bicentennial Man '' is a novelette in the Robot series by Isaac Asimov .
Songs of Kabir is a 1915 book consisting of 100 poems of Kabir , the 15th - century Indian poet and mystic , translated to English by Rabindranath Tagore .
Three Golden Rivers is an historical , young - adult novel by the American writer Olive Price .
Los autonautas de la cosmopista ( `` The Autonauts of the Cosmoroute '' ) is a book written by Julio Cortázar in collaboration with Carol Dunlop , who died shortly before it was published .
Portuguese Irregular Verbs is a short comic novel by Alexander McCall Smith , and the first of McCall Smith 's Professor Dr von Igelfeld novels .
The Philobiblon is a collection of essays concerning the acquisition , preservation , and organization of books written by the mediaeval bibliophile Richard de Bury shortly before his death in 1345 .
Hermsprong : or , Man As He Is Not is a 1796 philosophical novel by Robert Bage .
Father Malachy 's Miracle is a 1931 novel by the Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
`` Politics and the English Language '' ( 1946 ) is an essay by George Orwell that criticises the `` ugly and inaccurate '' written English of his time and examines the connection between political orthodoxies and the debasement of language .
Norse Code is the first novel by science fiction and fantasy author Greg van Eekhout .
The Whispering Road is a children 's book by Livi Michael , published in 2005 .
De doctrina christiana ( English : On Christian Doctrine or On Christian Teaching ) is a theological text written by St. Augustine of Hippo .
The Corsair is a tale in verse by Lord Byron published in 1814 ( see 1814 in poetry ) , which was extremely popular and influential in its day , selling ten thousand copies on its first day of sale .
The Sneetches and Other Stories is a collection of stories by American author Dr. Seuss , published in 1961 .
The Sword of the Dawn is a novel by British author Michael Moorcock , and was first published in 1968 .
The Spring of the Moonstone ' and its Finnish original , Kuukiven kevät ( Finnish : The Spring of the Moonstone ) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio .
World 's Best Science Fiction : 1969 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr , the fifth volume in a series of seven .
Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving is the third book of nonfiction by Bram Stoker ( the author of Dracula ) , published in 1906 .
A Teaspoon Every Four Hours is a comedy play written by Jackie Mason and Mike Mortman which was produced on Broadway in 1969 .
The Pergamon World Atlas ( in English , 1968 ) was originally prepared by the Polish Army Topographical Service .
In Secret Tibet ( In disguise amongst lamas , robbers , and wise men ) is a travel book by author Theodore Illion , first published in English in 1937 .
A Morgadinha dos Canaviais is a Portuguese romance novel by Júlio Dinis , published in 1868 .
The Rise of Scourge is an original English - language manga book written by Erin Hunter and Dan Jolley as part of the Warriors series .
Invasion from 2500 is a science fiction novel written by Ted White and Terry Carr in 1964 under the pseudonym Norman Edwards and published by Monarch Books , in August 1964 ,
The Loch is a science fiction novel and Legal thriller by Steve Alten , and was first published in 2005 .
The Seven Fabulous Wonders is a fantasy series by Katherine Roberts currently comprising seven novels .
The Miocene Arrow is a post - apocalyptic novel by Sean McMullen .
Ugly To Start With ( 2011 ) is a young adult literary novel in the form of linked short stories by John Michael Cummings about the growing pains of a teenage artist in an American tourist town .
`` The Ungoverned '' is a 1985 science fiction novella by Vernor Vinge , set between his novels The Peace War and Marooned in Realtime .
Towers of Midnight by Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson , is the sequel to the novel The Gathering Storm , and the 13th book in the Wheel of Time series .
The Demon Spirit is the second book in the first DemonWars Saga trilogy by R. A. Salvatore .
Tribulations of a Chinaman in China ( French : Les Tribulations d'un Chinois en Chine ) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne , first published in 1879 .
The Girls Get Even is a children 's novel by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor published by Random House , originally in 1993 .
The Last Ringbearer ( Russian : Последний кольценосец ) is a 1999 fantasy book by Russian author Kirill Eskov .
Makamisa ( English : After Mass ) is an unfinished novel written by Filipino patriot and writer José Rizal .
The OMAC Project is a six issue American comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Jesus Saiz and published by DC Comics in 2005 .
New Writings in SF 16 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell , the sixteenth volume in a series of thirty , of which he edited the first twenty - one .
Caravan to Vaccarès is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean , originally published in 1969 with a cover by Norman Weaver .
Already Dead is a 2005 pulp - noir / horror novel by Charlie Huston and published in 2005 .
`` Murder Mysteries '' is a fantasy short story by Neil Gaiman first published in the 1992 anthology Midnight Graffiti and later collected in his collection Smoke and Mirrors .
Permutation City is a 1994 science fiction novel by Greg Egan that explores many concepts , including quantum ontology , via various philosophical aspects of artificial life and simulated reality .
`` The Soft Weapon '' is a science fiction short story written in 1967 by Larry Niven , set in his Known Space universe .
Buffalo Gals , Wo n't You Come Out Tonight is a science fiction novelette by Ursula K. Le Guin , originally published in the November 1987 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and collected in Buffalo Gals and Other Animal Presences .
The QI Book of the Dead ( sold as The Book of the Dead in the United States ) is the fourth title in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI , written by series - creator John Lloyd and head - researcher John Mitchinson .
Hingede öö ( English : All Souls ' Night or Night of Souls ) is a novel by the Estonian author Karl Ristikivi .
The Old World Landowners ( Старосветские помещики , Starosvyetskiye pomeshchiki ) , a short story written in 1835 , is the first tale in the Mirgorod collection by Nikolai Gogol .
`` Bâtard '' is a short story by Jack London , first published in 1902 under the title `` Diable --
An Amateur Laborer is an autobiographical book by Theodore Dreiser .
Science , Order , and Creativity is a book by theoretical physicist David Bohm and physicist and writer F. David Peat .
Perfect Chemistry is the first novel in the trilogy written by author Simone Elkeles and published by Walker Books for Young Readers in 2009 and also made it on the New York Times Best Sellers List .
Stori Telling , stylized as sTORI TELLING , is a 2008 book by Tori Spelling and Hilary Liftin .
The Origin of Birds is an early synopsis of bird evolution written in 1926 by Gerhard Heilmann , a Danish artist and amateur zoologist .
The Whipping Boy is a Newbery medal - winning children 's book by Sid Fleischman , published in 1987 .
Simulacron-3 ( 1964 ) ( also published as Counterfeit World ) , by Daniel F. Galouye , is an American science fiction novel featuring an early literary description of virtual reality .
In the Shadow of Midnight is a 1994 historical novel by Canadian author Marsha Canham , the second instalment of her `` Medieval '' trilogy inspired by the Robin Hood legend set in 13th - century England .
Autobiography of a Yogi is an autobiography of Paramahansa Yogananda ( January 5 , 1893 - -March 7 , 1952 ) first published in 1946 .
PopCo ( 2004 ) is a novel by British author Scarlett Thomas .
Glass Town is a fictitious world created by siblings of the Brontë family--
Le Rose et le Vert ( French for The Pink and the Green ) is an unfinished novel by Stendhal .
Dorothy Must Die is a 2014 young adult book by Danielle Paige and her debut novel .
The Fortunes of Richard Mahony is a three - part novel by Australian writer Ethel Florence Lindesay Richardson under her pen name of Henry Handel Richardson .
On the Pope ( Du Pape ) is an 1819 book written by Savoyard philosopher Joseph de Maistre , which many consider to be his literary masterpiece .
Girls under Pressure is the second book in the Girls series , written by Dame Jacqueline Wilson , DBE , a noted English author who writes fiction for children .
The Patron Saint of Eels ( 2005 ) is a novel by Australian author Gregory Day .
`` The War Prayer , '' a short story or prose poem by Mark Twain , is a scathing indictment of war , and particularly of blind patriotic and religious fervor as motivations for war .
Faerie Tale is a supernatural thriller , falling within the subgenre of contemporary fantasy , by Raymond E. Feist , first published in 1988 .
The Intelligent Man 's Guide to Science is a general guide to the sciences written by Isaac Asimov .
The Female Man is a feminist science fiction novel written by Joanna Russ .
The Beauty Queen of Leenane is a 1996 black comedy by Irish playwright Martin McDonagh which was premiered by the Druid Theatre Company in Galway , Ireland .
Two Leaves and a Bud is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1937 .
The Form of Presbyterial Church Government is a document drawn up by the Westminster Assembly dealing with Presbyterian polity .
The Crossovers is a comic book series created in 2003 by Robert Rodi ( writer ) , Mauricet ( penciller # 1 - 6 ) and Ernie Colón ( inker ) , and published by CrossGen .
The Supernaturalist is a science fiction novel by Irish author Eoin Colfer .
`` The Long Rain '' is a short story by science fiction author Ray Bradbury .
Cubitus was created by the Belgian cartoonist Dupa , and features Cubitus , a large anthropomorphic dog , who lives with his owner Semaphore .
The Story of Egmo is a popular ebook and audiobook by Ben Cormack originally available in late 2006 .
Flip - Flop Girl is a 1994 children 's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson .
The Defenestration of Ermintrude Inch is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke anthologized in Tales from the White Hart .
`` The TNT Punch '' is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard .
The Lost Father is a novel written by American novelist Mona Simpson .
The Broken Sword is a fantasy novel written by Poul Anderson , originally published in 1954 .
O Cabeleira ( English : Cabeleira ) is a 1876 Regionalist novel by Brazilian Romantic author Franklin Távora .
The Devil and Sonny Liston is a biography of world heavyweight champion boxer Sonny Liston by Nick Tosches .
The Sevenwaters Trilogy is a historical fantasy series by Juliet Marillier which was first published as a series of three novels between 1999 and 2001 , and then later extended .
The Worm Ouroboros is a heroic high fantasy novel by Eric Rücker Eddison , first published in 1922 .
What Katy Did is an 1872 children 's book written by Sarah Chauncey Woolsey under her pen name Susan Coolidge .
The Castle of Indolence is a poem written by James Thomson , a Scottish poet of the 18th century , in 1748 .
Suburbia Highschool ( also known as Sub High ) is a German comic written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008 .
White Niggers of America ( French : Les Nègres blancs d'Amérique ) is a work of non - fiction literature written by Pierre Vallières , a leader of the Front de libération du Québec .
Kiss Mommy Goodbye is a 1981 psychological thriller novel by Joy Fielding .
The Raw Youth ( Russian : Подросток , Podrostok ) , also published as The Adolescent or An Accidental Family , is a novel by Russian writer Fyodor Dostoyevsky , first published in 1875 .
Sideways Stories from Wayside School is a 1978 children 's novel by American author Louis Sachar , and the first book in the Wayside School series .
Achille Talon is a Franco - Belgian comics series featuring an eponymous main character , created by Greg ( the pseudonym of Michel Regnier ) .
An April Shroud is a crime novel written by Reginald Hill , it is also the fourth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series .
The Stoic is a novel by Theodore Dreiser , first published in 1947 .
Critica Botanica ( `` Critique of botany '' , Leiden , July , 1737 ) was written by Swedish botanist , physician , zoologist and naturalist Carl Linnaeus ( 1707 - -1778 ) .
Vinyl Cafe Diaries ( 2003 ) is Stuart McLean 's fourth volume of stories that first aired on the CBC Radio program The Vinyl Cafe .
Lily 's Crossing is a young adult novel by the American author Patricia Reilly Giff published in 1997 .
Asimov 's Mysteries , published in 1968 , is a collection of 14 short stories by Isaac Asimov , almost all of them science fiction mysteries ( although , as Asimov admits in the introduction , some are only borderline ) .
Horrible Science is a sister series of books to Horrible Histories , written by Nick Arnold ( with the exception of Evolve or Die , which is written by Phil Gates ) , illustrated by Tony de Saulles and published in the UK and India by Scholastic .
This Bleeding City is a 2010 novel by British author Alex Preston and his debut novel .
The Wolves in the Walls is a book by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean , published in 2003 , in the United States by HarperCollins , and in the United Kingdom by Bloomsbury .
Why Paint Cats is a comedy book written by New Zealand author Burton Silver and illustrator Heather Busch .
Secrets of the Alchemist Dar is a book written by Michael Stadther and published in September 2006 by the author 's company , Treasure Trove , Inc. The book 's story is about fairies and other imaginary creatures .
Barsoom is a fictional representation of the planet Mars created by American pulp fiction author Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Dead By Sunset is a 1995 true crime nonfiction book by author Ann Rule .
The Festival of San Joaquin is a 1997 novel and the third from Belizean - American Zee Edgell .
That Feeling , You Can Only Say What It Is in French ( referring to déjà vu ) is a short story by Stephen King .
Burden of Desire ( 1992 ) is a large mass - market book based on the Halifax Explosion of 1917 written by Canadian - born journalist Robert MacNeil .
Łaski 's Statutes were drawn up by Chancellor and Primate Jan Łaski ( hence they are named for him ) and consolidated nearly all the legislation that had earlier appeared in Poland .
A Sorrow Beyond Dreams ( German : Wunschloses Unglück ) is a 1972 semi - autobiographical novella by the Austrian writer Peter Handke .
Silent Coup is a book written by Len Colodny and Robert Gettlin , in which they contend that former Nixon White House counsel John Dean orchestrated the 1972 Watergate burglary at Democratic National Committee headquarters to protect his future wife Maureen Biner by removing information linking her to a call - girl ring that worked for the DNC .
Blood Knot is an early play by South African playwright , actor , and director Athol Fugard .
A Clean Breast is film director Russ Meyer 's self - published three volume autobiography .
Elizabeth Appleton is a novel by John O'Hara first published in 1963 .
The Manticore is the second novel in Robertson Davies ' Deptford Trilogy .
All Star Batman & Robin , the Boy Wonder is an American comic book series written by Frank Miller and penciled by Jim Lee .
The Hawk in the Rain is a collection of poems by the British poet Ted Hughes .
The Foundation series is a science fiction series by Isaac Asimov .
Siberia , Siberia ( Russian : Сибирь , Сибирь ... ) is a non - fiction book by the Russian writer Valentin Rasputin .
The Worthing Chronicle ( 1983 ) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series .
The Gentleman from San Francisco ( Господин из Сан-Франциско , Gospodin iz San Frantsisco ) is a short story by a Nobel Prize - winning Russian author Ivan Bunin , written in 1915 and published the same year in Moscow , in the 5th volume of Slovo ( Word ) anthology .
Gideon 's Trumpet is a book by Anthony Lewis describing the story behind Gideon v. Wainwright , in which the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that criminal defendants have the right to an attorney even if they can not afford it .
A Dream Play ( Swedish : Ett drömspel ) was written in 1901 by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg .
A Scanner Darkly is a BSFA Award - winning 1977 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
The Reckoners is a young adult fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson .
The Dark Path is the second novel in the series by Walter H. Hunt .
Unstrange Minds is a nonfiction book by anthropologist Roy Richard Grinker about the rise in autism diagnoses throughout the world over the last twenty years .
Viajero , Spanish for `` The Wanderer '' or `` The Traveller '' , is a 1993 English - language novel written by multi - award winning Filipino author F. Sionil José .
The Future of the American Negro , a book written in 1899 by American educator Booker T. Washington , set forth his ideas regarding the history of enslaved and freed African - American people and their need for education to advance themselves .
The Scar is the second Bas - Lag novel , and third overall , written by China Miéville , a self - described `` weird fiction '' writer from London , England .
The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee is a 1993 American novel by Matthew Stadler .
Room 13 is a children 's novel written by the acclaimed award winning children 's author Robert Swindells .
Farthest Reach is a 2005 fantasy novel by Richard Baker , set in the Dungeons & Dragons Forgotten Realms fictional universe .
`` Feludar Goendagiri ( English title ' ' Danger in Darjeeling `` ) '' is a short story written by Satyajit Ray featuring private detective Feluda .
The Paradise Bargain is an historical , romance novel by the American writer Betina Krahn .
High Hunt is the first published novel of David Eddings , first copyrighted in 1973 by a private publisher , its copyright was renewed in 1993 in New York and then in 1994 by Del Rey books in London .
Marx 's Theory of Ideology is a 1982 book about Karl Marx by Bhikhu Parekh .
How to Talk Dirty and Influence People is an autobiography by Lenny Bruce , an American satirist and comedian , who died in 1966 at age 40 of a drug overdose .
`` Young Goodman Brown '' is a short story published in 1835 by American writer Nathaniel Hawthorne .
Jurgen , A Comedy of Justice is a fantasy book by James Branch Cabell , the eighth among his fifty - two books , which gained fame ( or notoriety ) shortly after its publication in 1919 .
Pure Drivel is a collection of stories by Steve Martin , published in 1998 , many of which first appeared in The New Yorker .
Certain Personal Matters is an 1897 collection of essays selected by H. G. Wells from among the many short essays and ephemeral pieces he had written since 1893 .
A Storyteller in Zion ( 1993 ) is a collection of short stories and articles by Orson Scott Card .
The Blood Doctor is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell , written under the pseudonym Barbara Vine .
The Proofreaders ' Page and Other Uncollected Items was an attempt to collect as many uncollected works by Fredric Brown as possible .
Love is a Mix Tape is an autobiography memoir by Rob Sheffield .
The Dalek Factor is an original novella written by Simon Clark and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Les Aventures de Tanguy et Laverdure is a Franco - Belgian comics series created by Jean - Michel Charlier and Albert Uderzo , about the two pilots Michel Tanguy and Ernest Laverdure , and their adventures in the French Air Force .
An Inspector Calls is a play written by English dramatist J. B. Priestley , first performed in 1945 in the Soviet Union and in 1946 in the UK .
The Return of John MacNab was the second novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig .
`` Grotto of the Dancing Deer '' is one of Clifford D. Simak 's later short stories .
My Friend Walter is a children 's fiction novel by Michael Morpurgo .
The Family Arsenal is a novel by Paul Theroux originally published in 1976 .
First Among Sequels is an alternate history , comic fantasy novel by the British author Jasper Fforde .
Our Ancestors ( Italian : I Nostri Antenati ) is the name of Italo Calvino 's `` heraldic trilogy '' that comprises The Cloven Viscount ( 1952 ) , The Baron in the Trees ( 1957 ) , and The Nonexistent Knight ( 1959 ) .
The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam is a compilation of lectures delivered by Muhammad Iqbal on Islamic philosophy and published in 1930 .
The 13-Storey Treehouse is a 2011 book written by author Andy Griffiths and illustrated by Terry Denton , and a stage play based on the book .
Sorcery ! is a single - player four - part adventure gamebook series written by Steve Jackson and illustrated by John Blanche .
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip is short story writer George Saunders 's first children 's book .
The Dream Room ( German : Die Traumbude ) was Erich Maria Remarque 's first novel .
Professor Dowell 's Head is a 1925 science fiction novel by Russian author Alexander Belyayev .
Ruled Britannia is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove , first published in hardcover by New American Library in 2002 .
The Ganymede Takeover is a 1967 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick and Ray Nelson .
LETTERS is an epistolary novel by the American writer John Barth , published in 1979 .
Man Equals Man ( German : Mann ist Mann ) , or A Man 's a Man , is a play by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht .
Beyond the Fringe was a British comedy stage revue written and performed by Peter Cook , Dudley Moore , Alan Bennett , and Jonathan Miller .
A Sword from Red Ice is the third book in the Sword of Shadows fantasy series by J. V. Jones .
Desert of the Heart is a 1964 lesbian - themed novel written by Jane Rule .
The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt ( 1979 ) is a biography of United States President Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Morris and published by Coward , McCann & Geoghegan when the author was forty years old .
The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner , ( Full title , The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner : Written by Himself : With a detail of curious traditionary facts and other evidence by the editor ) is a novel by the Scottish author James Hogg , published anonymously in 1824 .
Letter to a Christian Nation is a book by Sam Harris , written in response to feedback he received following the publication of his first book The End of Faith .
Kathabeejam ( The Germ of a Story ) is a one - act play written by Malayalam language author Vaikom Muhammad Basheer .
`` Herman Wouk Is Still Alive '' is a 6,500-word short story by American author Stephen King .
The Man Who Japed is a science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick , first published in 1956 .
Turtle in Paradise is a 2010 Newbery Honor Book by Jennifer L. Holm .
The Bushbabies is a children 's novel by Canadian author William Stevenson published in 1965 .
Lost Cities and Vanished Civilizations is a 1962 book by Robert Silverberg that deals with the then - current archaeology studies of six past civilizations .
The Stars , Like Dust is a 1951 science fiction mystery book by writer Isaac Asimov .
Donovan 's Brain is a 1942 science fiction novel by Curt Siodmak .
The Witch of Portobello ( Portuguese : A Bruxa de Portobello ) is a fiction work by Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho published in 2007 , about a woman born in Transylvania to a Romani mother in a gypsy tribe without wedlock .
Lion of Ireland , by the American - Irish author Morgan Llywelyn , is a novel about the life of the Irish hero and High King Brian Boru .
The Widow and Her Hero is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally set in Australia during World War II .
What Katy Did Next ( 1886 ) is a children 's book by Sarah Chauncey Woolsey , working under the pen name Susan Coolidge .
God and the New Physics is a 1984 scientific book written by English scientist Paul Davies .
A story by French writer Octave Mirbeau , Les Mémoires de mon ami was first published serially in Le Journal between November 27 , 1898 and April 30 , 1899 , in the midst of the Dreyfus Affair .
Smiley Versus Karla ( 1982 ) , by John le Carré , originally published as The Quest for Karla , is an omnibus edition of three novels concerning George Smiley 's fight against Karla , his counterpart in Moscow Centre ( the Soviet KGB ) .
Other Earths ( 2009 ) is an alternate history , science fiction anthology of all - new stories being edited by Nick Gevers and Jay Lake .
Pettson and Findus ( Swedish : Pettson och Findus ) is a series of children 's books written and illustrated by Swedish author Sven Nordqvist .
The Dinosauria is an extensive book on dinosaurs , compiled by David B. Weishampel , Peter Dodson , and Halszka Osmólska .
A Land Remembered is a best - selling novel written by author Patrick D. Smith , and published in 1984 by Pineapple Press .
Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect is a 1997 book by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson , published by Praeger .
Getting Rid of Bradley is a contemporary romance novel written by Jennifer Crusie and first published in 1994 , with a reissue in 2008 .
The Brave Little Toaster Goes to Mars is the name of both a children 's book by Thomas M. Disch , as well as the film made from same .
Self - Constitution ( full title : Self - Constitution : Agency , Identity , and Integrity ) is a philosophical book by Christine Korsgaard , in which the author sets out to demonstrate how people determine their own actions .
Antidosis ( Ancient Greek ἀντίδοσις ) , is the title of a speech treatise by the ancient Greek rhetorician , Isocrates .
The Face of Fear is a novel by best - selling author Dean Koontz , first published in 1977 .
For Your Eye Alone , published by McClelland and Stewart in 2000 , is a collection of letters written by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies .
Surf na crvenom talasu ( in English Surfing on the red wave ) is a novel by Aleksandar Đuričić published by Ukronija in 2007 .
Spring in Fialta is a short story written by Vladimir Nabokov in 1936 , originally as Весна в Фиальте ( Vesna v Fial'te ) in Russian , during his exile in Berlin .
Italian Shoes is a 2006 novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell .
Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung - Up Generation is an early collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison , originally published in paperback in 1961 .
The Craft of Research is a book by Wayne C. Booth , Gregory G. Colomb , and Joseph M. Williams .
The Broken Bubble is an early mainstream novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick .
Johnny 's in the Basement is a children 's novel by the author Louis Sachar , the author of the National Book Award and Newbery Medal winning novel , Holes .
Why Truth Matters is a book by Ophelia Benson and Jeremy Stangroom published by Continuum Books in 2006 .
The Butterfly Kid is a science fiction novel by Chester Anderson originally released in 1967 .
The Law of Peoples is American philosopher John Rawls ' work on international relations .
The Devil in a Forest is a short novel by American writer Gene Wolfe about the conflict between Christianity and an earlier Pagan religion in Europe during the Middle Ages .
The Breathing Method is a novella by Stephen King which was released as part of his Different Seasons collection in 1982 .
Time of Trial is a young adult historical novel by Hester Burton , first published in 1963 .
Whylah Falls is a long narrative poem ( or `` verse novel '' ) by George Elliott Clarke , published in book form in 1990 .
The Facetiae is an anthology of jokes by Poggio Bracciolini ( 1380 - -1459 ) , first published in 1470 .
Silent to the Bone ( 2000 ) is a novel by E. L. Konigsburg for the `` middle ages '' or for young adults .
The Jesus Factor is a 1970 conspiracy theory thriller novel by Edwin Corley based on the Manhattan Project of World War II and the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Bad Planet is an American six - issue comic book limited series by action film actor Thomas Jane and Steve Niles that started in 2005 .
Savage Season is a crime novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale , published in 1990 .
John Gabriel Borkman is the second - to - last play of the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen , written in 1896 .
The Human Stain ( 2000 ) is a novel by Philip Roth set in late 1990s rural New England .
The Sublime Object of Ideology ( 1989 ) is a book by Slovenian philosopher and cultural theorist Slavoj Žižek .
Paris in the Twentieth Century ( French : Paris au XXe siècle ) is a science fiction novel by Jules Verne .
Bertram Cope 's Year is a 1919 novel by Henry Blake Fuller , sometimes called the first American homosexual novel .
The Peshawar Lancers is an alternate history , steampunk , post - apocalyptic fiction adventure novel by S. M. Stirling , with its point of divergence occurring in 1878 when the Earth is struck by a devastating meteor shower .
Deaf Sentence ( 2008 ) is a novel by British author David Lodge .
The Great White Hope is a 1967 play written by Howard Sackler , later adapted in 1970 for a film of the same name .
The Tale of Little Pig Robinson is a children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter as part of the Peter Rabbit series .
The Vanished Man is a forensic crime mystery by Jeffery Deaver featuring the quadriplegic criminalist Lincoln Rhyme and his partner Amelia Sachs .
Betsy Zane , the Rose of Fort Henry is a historical fiction book , written by award - winning author Lynda Durrant in 2000 .
Dr. Freud Will See You Now , Mrs. Hitler is a alternate history play written by British comedy writing duo Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran .
Who Stole the American Dream ? is a non - fiction book by American author and journalist Hedrick Smith published in 2012 by Random House .
The English Girl , the thirteenth title in Daniel Silva 's Gabriel Allon series was released in July 2013 .
Viking Warrior is a young adult historical novel written by Judson Roberts in 2006 .
Taxa Innocentiana was a decree issued by Pope Innocent XI on 1 Oct. , 1678 , regulating the fees that might be demanded or accepted by episcopal chancery offices for various acts , instruments , or writings .
The Ars Amatoria ( English : The Art of Love ) is an instructional elegy series in three books by Ancient Roman poet Ovid .
A Short History of Christianity is a non - fiction book on the history of the Christian religion written by Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey .
Paedagogus ( Greek : Παιδαγωγός , `` Pedagogue '' ) is the second in the great trilogy of Clement of Alexandria .
Man , The Unknown ( L'Homme , cet inconnu ) is a best - selling 1935 book by Alexis Carrel where he endeavours to outline a comprehensive account what is known and more importantly unknown of the human body and human life .
The Post - Birthday World is a novel by Lionel Shriver published in 2007 , some four years after her previous novel , the award winning We Need To Talk About Kevin .
Homer Price is the title character of a pair of children 's books written by Robert McCloskey .
The People 's Choice from Washington to Harding is a book by Herbert Agar , published by Houghton Mifflin , 1933 .
Incredibly Alice is a novel by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor which was published in 2011 .
The Last Don is a novel by Mario Puzo , best known as the author of The Godfather .
Guard of Honor is a Pulitzer Prize - winning novel by James Gould Cozzens published during 1948 .
The Big Jump is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett , centered on the first manned expedition to Barnard 's Star .
Against Meidias ( Ancient Greek : Κατὰ Μειδίου ) is one of the most famous judicial orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes .
The Museum of Eterna 's Novel ( original Spanish - language title : Museo de la Novela de la Eterna ) is an avant - garde experimental novel by the Argentine writer Macedonio Fernández .
Russia in the Shadows is the title of the book by H. G. Wells published early in 1921 , which includes a series of articles previously printed in The Sunday Express in connection with Wells 's second visit to Russia ( after a previous trip in January 1914 to St. Petersburg and Moscow ) in September and October 1920 .
The Graveyard Game is the fourth installment in the series of science fiction time travel novels by Kage Baker concerning the exploits of The Company .
Kittyhawk Down is a crime novel by Garry Disher published in 2003 .
Shorter Views is a 2000 collection of essays on race , sexuality , science fiction , and the art of writing by author , professor , and critic Samuel R. Delany .
Crystal Express is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by cyberpunk author Bruce Sterling .
Ancient Ruins and Archaeology is a 1964 science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp , one of their most popular works .
The Art of Noises ( Italian : L'arte dei Rumori ) is a Futurist manifesto , written by Luigi Russolo in a 1913 letter to friend and Futurist composer Francesco Balilla Pratella .
The Masters of Solitude , is a 1978 science fiction novel written by Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin .
The Red City ( 1909 ) is a historical novel by the American writer Silas Weir Mitchell .
The Way To Cook ( 1989 , Knopf ) is a cookbook and series of instructional videos written by the television personality and cooking teacher Julia Child ;
Hanns and Rudolf is a dual biography of Hanns Alexander and Rudolf Höss by British / American journalist Thomas Harding .
H4 The Throne of Bloodstone was written by Douglas Niles and Michael Dobson , with a cover by Keith Parkinson , and was published by TSR in 1988 as a 96-page book .
The Body of Jonah Boyd is a novel by David Leavitt , published in 2004 , that depicts various consequences of the theft of a manuscript .
I , Me , Mine is an autobiographic work by George Harrison , published in 1980 as a hand - bound , limited edition book by Genesis Publications , with a mixture of printed text and multi - colour facsimiles of Harrison 's handwritten lyrics .
The Fudge Family in Paris is an 1818 epistolary verse novel by Thomas Moore .
Will They Ever Trust Us Again ? is a supplementary book by Michael Moore published after his documentary Fahrenheit 9/11 was in theaters and released on DVD .
Alternate Tyrants is a 1997 Tor alternate history anthology , edited by Mike Resnick .
Jacob the Liar is a novel written by the East German Jewish author Jurek Becker published in 1969 .
Brothers of Earth is a 1976 science fiction novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh .
A Zoo in My Luggage by British naturalist Gerald Durrell is the story of Durrell 's 1957 animal collecting trip to British Cameroon , the northwestern corner of present - day Cameroon .
The Joy of Music is Leonard Bernstein 's first book , originally published in 1959 by Simon & Schuster .
Tales of the Slayers is a Dark Horse Comics Buffy the Vampire Slayer graphic novel that consists of multiple stories written by Joss Whedon , Amber Benson , and others which tell of different members of the Slayer line .
The Python License is a deprecated computer software license created by the Corporation for National Research Initiatives ( CNRI ) .
Tarzan and the Foreign Legion is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs , the twenty - second in his series of books about the title character Tarzan .
The Witling is a 1976 science fiction novel by Vernor Vinge , about a planet populated by a race of nearly - human aliens who have the ability to teleport with their minds .
Ends is a collection of science fiction stories and poems by Gordon R. Dickson .
Gandhi Behind the Mask of Divinity is a book by US Army Colonel G. B. Singh .
`` The Vampyre '' is a short work of prose fiction written in 1819 by John William Polidori .
Le Cousin Pons ( French pronunciation : ​(lə kuzɛ̃ pɔ̃s ) ) is one of the last of the 94 works of Honoré de Balzac 's Comédie humaine , which are in both novel and short story form .
A Dialogue is a 1973 collaborative work featuring a multi - topic conversation between writers James Baldwin and Nikki Giovanni .
The Flounder ( German : Der Butt ) is a 1977 novel by the German writer Günter Grass .
Moondyne is an 1879 novel by John Boyle O'Reilly .
The Bride of Abydos is a poem written by Lord Byron in 1813 .
Den vilda bebin is a children 's book series about a wild baby , written by Barbro Lindgren and illustrated by Eva Eriksson .
The Right to an Answer is a darkly comic 1960 novel by Anthony Burgess , the first of his repatriate years ( 1960 - -69 ) .
Pellucidar is a fictional Hollow Earth invented by Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs for a series of action adventure stories .
`` The Balloon - Hoax '' is the title used in collections and anthologies of a newspaper article written by Edgar Allan Poe , first published in 1844 .
Sacramentum caritatis ( English : The Sacrament of Charity ) is the first post - synodal ( Rome , October 2 , 2005 -- October 23 , 2005 ) apostolic exhortation by Pope Benedict XVI .
The Vagina Monologues is an episodic play written by Eve Ensler which ran at the Off Broadway Westside Theatre after a limited run at HERE Arts Center in 1996 .
`` The Things They Left Behind '' is short story by Stephen King , originally published in the compilation Transgressions :
Buddy Longway is a western comic book written by the Swiss comic book writer Derib .
The Last of the Wine is Mary Renault 's first novel set in ancient Greece , the setting that would become her most important arena .
Albertine disparue ( Albertine Gone ) is the title of the sixth volume of Marcel Proust 's seven part novel , À la recherche du temps perdu .
T. Coraghessan Boyle 's novel A Friend of the Earth ( 2000 ) is a story of environmental destruction .
Wild Cat Falling is a 1965 novel by Australian author Mudrooroo ( Colin Johnson ) .
Cloud , Castle , Lake is a short story anthology by Vladimir Nabokov .
Kushiel 's Chosen is a historical fantasy or alternate history by Jacqueline Carey .
The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo is a children 's book published in 1969 , written by Judy Blume with illustrations by Amy Aitken .
When My Name Was Keoko is a 2002 Asian Historic Fiction novel written by Linda Sue Park .
Adhalinaal Kaadhal Seiveer ( English : Therefore , fall in love ) is a novel by Sujatha Rangarajan .
Mr. Barnes of New York is a novel published in 1887 by American author Archibald Clavering Gunter , quite popular in its day , which was also adapted into a play in 1888 , and later two silent film versions .
De rebus Hispaniae or Historia gothica is a history of the Iberian peninsula written in Latin by Archbiship of Toledo Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada in the first half of the thirteenth century on behalf of King Ferdinand III of Castile .
The Kiss of Death is a novel written by Marcus Sedgwick , and the sequel to My Swordhand is Singing .
My Losing Season is a memoir by Pat Conroy .
Weslandia is a novel by Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman , with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes .
The Cowards ( originallly Zbabělci ) is a Czech novel by Josef Škvorecký .
Not Before Sundown ( orig . fin . Ennen päivänlaskua ei voi , USA : Troll - a love story ) is a novel written by Finnish author Johanna Sinisalo in 2000 .
`` The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar '' is a short story by American author Edgar Allan Poe about a mesmerist who puts a man in a suspended hypnotic state at the moment of death .
Pundits from Pakistan is a book on cricket by Indian writer Rahul Bhattacharya .
The Secret Hour is a science - fiction fantasy novel written by Scott Westerfeld .
From Anna is a children 's novel written by Canadian children 's author Jean Little , first published in 1972 .
The Wapshot Scandal is a novel by American writer John Cheever , a follow - up to his National Book Award - winning The Wapshot Chronicle .
The Bellarosa Connection is a 1989 novella by the American author Saul Bellow .
The Night Letter is a 1978 book by Paul Spike , with a double - layered structure : an anti - Nazi spy thriller on the background of the early part of the Second World War , and an exposure of cynical and machiavellian maneuverings in the American corridors of power .
Kenny & the Dragon is a 2008 children 's novel by Tony DiTerlizzi .
`` The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich '' is a detective short story by author Basil Copper .
Bruce Cordell admitted that `` the Planar Handbook is ambitiously titled , which means we had to be selective in covering only those things we believed would be most useful to plane - venturing players .
Invitation to the Castle ( French : L'Invitation au Château ) is a 1947 satirical play by the French playwright Jean Anouilh .
Angel Rock is a crime novel by Darren Williams , first published in 2002 .
The Frogs Who Desired a King is one of Aesop 's Fables and numbered 44 in the Perry Index .
The Lotus and the Wind is a spy novel by John Masters published in 1953 .
The Adventure of Archaeology ( ISBN 978 - 0 - 87044 - 603 - 0 ) is a 1985 book written by Dr. Brian M. Fagan , published by the National Geographic press publishing company .
Joined - Up Thinking is the first book by writer and artist Stevyn Colgan .
Mobius Dick ( 2004 ) is a novel by Andrew Crumey .
The Key to the Golden Firebird is the debut novel by noted young adult author Maureen Johnson .
Girl in May is a 1956 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
`` The Ultimate Crime '' is a short story by Isaac Asimov , dealing with a minor aspect of one of the Sherlock Holmes stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
Les Acteurs de bonne foi is a comedy in one act and in prose written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux and performed for the first time on October 30 , 1749 .
Jovah 's Angel is a 1998 science fiction / fantasy novel by Sharon Shinn .
The Autocracy of Mr. Parham is a 1930 novel by H. G. Wells .
On the Trinity ( Latin : De Trinitate ) is a Latin book written by Augustine of Hippo to discuss the Trinity in context of the logos .
`` Tidings of Comfort and Joy '' is a fantasy short story by Gael Baudino .
The Talisman Ring is a historical romance novel by Georgette Heyer , first published in 1936 .
A Coven of Vampires is a collection of horror short stories by author Brian Lumley .
Frost & Fire is a 288-page collection of short stories and essays by Roger Zelazny .
Buried by the Times , a book by Laurel Leff , Associate Professor of journalism at Northeastern University , is a critical account of The New York Times‍ ' ​s coverage of Nazi atrocities against Jews that culminated in the Holocaust .
Pluto Rising is a 1999 novel by Karen Irving ( ISBN 1 - 896095 - 95-X ) .
Across Five Aprils is a novel by Irene Hunt , published in 1964 and winner of the 1965 Newbery Honor , set in the Civil War era .
The Accounting is a 1958 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall , published as The Bank Audit in the UK .
Conn Iggulden also published a book , Wolf of the Plains , about Genghis Khan , which , along with The Dangerous Book for Boys , allowed Iggulden to be the first author to reach the number one spot in both the fiction and non - fiction charts .
Books of Blood are a series of horror fiction collections written by the British author Clive Barker .
`` Mountain Victory '' is a short story by American author William Faulkner first published in the October 12 , 1932 issue of The Saturday Evening Post .
Attack of the Killer Potatoes is a 1997 science - fiction children 's story by Peter Lerangis .
Unless , first published by Fourth Estate , an imprint of Harper Collins in 2002 , is the final novel by Canadian writer Carol Shields .
Mouse Guard is an American bi - monthly comic book series written and illustrated by David Petersen and published by Archaia Studios Press .
Journey To The Forbidden China is a book by Steven W. Mosher , cultural anthropologist and sinologist .
Madeline in America and Other Holiday Tales is an illustrated collection of short stories by Ludwig Bemelmans , with only one of the stories featuring the popular children 's character Madeline .
The Lock Artist is a standalone crime novel by American novelist Steve Hamilton .
Ramona and Her Mother by Beverly Cleary is the fifth book of the popular Ramona series .
Deal Breaker is a 1995 thriller novel by Harlan Coben and is the first of the novels which feature Myron Bolitar .
The Ice Dragon is a children 's novel by George R. R. Martin , originally published in the 1980 anthology Dragons of Light .
Alice of Old Vincennes , written by Maurice Thompson in 1900 , is a novel set in Vincennes during the American Revolutionary War .
Do Travel Writers Go to Hell ? is a memoir and gonzo travelogue written by Thomas Kohnstamm and published by Three Rivers Press .
My Companions in the Bleak House ( Czech : Přítelkyně z domu smutku ) is a Czech novel by Eva Kantůrková .
The Cosmic Rape is a science fiction novel by Theodore Sturgeon , originally published as an original paperback in August 1958 .
The Official Manly Manual ( ISBN 1 - 880092 - 12 - 3 ) is a book written in 1993 by Colom Keating which collects numerous lessons from his syndicated radio program Mr. Manly .
A Lesson Before Dying Is Ernest J. Gaines ' eighth novel , published in 1993 .
Daybreak Zero is the title of a science fiction novel by John Barnes .
Cool Gardens is a poetry book by the lead singer of the band System of a Down , Serj Tankian .
Mister B. Gone is a short metafiction novel by Clive Barker , published in the United Kingdom and the United States in October 2007 .
The Beast in the Jungle is a 1903 novella by Henry James , first published as part of the collection , The Better Sort .
11 Birthdays is a children 's time loop novel written by Wendy Mass and first published in 2009 by Scholastic Press .
The Autobiography of a Super - Tramp is an autobiography published in 1908 by the Welsh poet and writer W. H. Davies ( 1871 - -1940 ) .
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married is an international best selling 1996 novel by Irish author , Marian Keyes .
Byculla to Bangkok is the second non - fiction book on organised crime and terror in the modern - day Indian metropolitan city of Mumbai written by S. Hussain Zaidi .
FR9 The Bloodstone Lands was written by R. A. Salvatore , with cover art by Larry Elmore , and was published by TSR in 1989 as a 64-page booklet with an outer folder .
26 Fairmount Avenue ( ISBN 0 - 399 - 23246-X ) is a 1999 children 's novel by Tomie dePaola that won a Newbery Honor .
Genesis of the Daleks was originally commissioned under producer Barry Letts and script editor Terrance Dicks , who felt that the outline submitted by Nation was too similar to his previous Dalek adventures , and encouraged him to explore the origin of the Daleks .
The Passion of Ayn Rand is a biography of Ayn Rand by writer and lecturer Barbara Branden , a former friend and business associate .
Calculating Space is the title of MIT 's English translation of Konrad Zuse 's 1969 book Rechnender Raum ( literally : `` space that is computing '' ) , the first book on digital physics .
No Thoroughfare is a stage play and novel by Charles Dickens and Wilkie Collins , both released in December 1867 .
The Kid Who Only Hit Homers ( 1972 ) is a children 's novel about baseball written by Matt Christopher .
More Guns , Less Crime is a book by John Lott that says violent crime rates go down when states pass `` shall issue '' concealed carry laws .
The Dreamseller saga consists of three novels written by Augusto Cury -- doctor , psychiatrist , psychotherapist and publishing phenomenon in Brazil .
Are You Smart Enough to Work at Google ? ( subtitled Trick Questions , Zen - Like Riddles , Insanely Difficult Puzzles , and Other Devious Interviewing Techniques ) is a 2012 business book by Pulitzer Prize - nominated science writer , William Poundstone , describing details of the methods used and questions asked of job applicants to Google .
The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many is a short book compiling three revised interviews of the United States academic Noam Chomsky by David Barsamian , originally conducted on December 16 , 1992 , January 14 and 21 1993 .
The Vegetable , or From President to Postman is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that he developed into a play .
According to Mary Magdalene ( Swedish : Enligt Maria Magdalena , 1997 ) is a novel by the Swedish novelist Marianne Fredriksson .
`` Psi - man Heal My Child ! '' is a short story written by Philip K. Dick in 1955 .
The Poisonwood Bible ( 1998 ) , by Barbara Kingsolver , is a bestselling novel about a missionary family , the Prices , who in 1959 move from the U.S. state of Georgia to the village of Kilanga in the Belgian Congo , close to the Kwilu River .
Ruma kreivitär ( Finnish : The Ugly Countess ) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio telling a story of poor aristocrats and richening middle - class in the 1830s Finland .
Under det rosa täcket ( English : Under the Pink Duvet ) is a Swedish feminist book written by Nina Björk , first published in 1996 .
Budayeen Nights is a collection of cyberpunk science fiction short stories and novelettes by George Alec Effinger , published in 2003 .
The Book of Laughter and Forgetting ( Czech : Kniha smíchu a zapomnění ) is a novel by Milan Kundera , published in France in 1979 .
The Warlord Chronicles is a trilogy of books about Arthurian Britain written by Bernard Cornwell .
The Ethos Effect ( 2003 ) is a science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt , Jr ..
The Rangoon Man is the 240th novel in the long - running Nick Carter - Killmaster series .
The Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita ( commonly called the Alta Vendita ) is a document , originally published in Italian in the 19th century , purportedly produced by the highest lodge of the Italian Carbonari and written by `` Piccolo Tigre , '' codename for Giuseppe Mazzini .
De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes ( Notable Commentaries on the History of Plants ) is a book by Leonhart Fuchs on herbal plants published in Basel in 1542 .
Capturez un Marsupilami ! , written and drawn by André Franquin , is a comic album containing adventures and short gags of the Marsupilami .
The Pedagogical Poem ( Педагогическая поэма , Pedagogicheskaya poema ) , translated into English as Road to Life , is a novel by Anton Makarenko , written in 1925 - 1935 and published in three parts in 1933 - 1935 .
Raymonda ( Russian : Раймонда ) is a ballet in three acts , four scenes with an apotheosis , choreographed by Marius Petipa , with music by Alexander Glazunov , his opus 57 .
The Shadowhunter 's Codex is a companion novel as part of Cassandra Clare 's The Shadowhunter Chronicles .
Simplicius Simplicissimus ( German : Der abenteuerliche Simplicissimus Teutsch ) is a picaresque novel of the lower Baroque style , written in 1668 by Hans Jakob Christoffel von Grimmelshausen and probably published the same year ( although bearing the date 1669 ) .
The Scandal of Scientology is a critical exposé book about the Church of Scientology , written by Paulette Cooper and published by Tower Publications , in 1971 .
Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair ( Spanish : Veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada ) is a collection of romantic poems by the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda , first published in 1924 when Neruda was 19 .
The Beggar is a 1965 novella by Naguib Mahfouz about the failure to find meaning in existence .
Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle ; or , Daring Adventures in Elephant Land is a young adult novel written by Stratemeyer Syndicate writers using the pen name Victor Appleton .
Twelfth Grade Kills is the final novel in Zac Brewer 's , formerly Heather Brewer , Vladimir Tod series .
The Mare 's Nest is a 1964 book by David Irving , focusing on the German V - weapons campaign of 1944 - -45 and the Allied military and intelligence effort ( Operation Crossbow ) to counter it .
Line and Strength is an autobiography by Australian cricket star Glenn McGrath .
Harvard Works Because We Do is a book of photographs by Gregory Halpern with an introduction by Studs Terkel .
L'auca del senyor Esteve is a novel by Santiago Rusiñol published in 1907 , of which there is a theatrical version .
A Golden Age is the first novel of the Bangladesh - born writer Tahmima Anam .
Cataract City is a 2013 novel by Craig Davidson published in Canada by Doubleday .
In Who Owns the Future ? , Jaron Lanier posits that the middle class is increasingly disenfranchised from online economies .
Darwin on Trial is a 1991 book about the theory of evolution and the creation - evolution debate by Harvard graduate and University of California , Berkeley law professor emeritus Phillip E. Johnson .
Anathem is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson , published in 2008 .
The Stormlight Archive is an ongoing epic fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson .
`` One Christmas '' is an autobiographical short story by Truman Capote , portions of which were originally published in a 1982 issue of the Ladies '' Home Journal magazine .
Golf in the Year 2000 , or , What We Are Coming To is an 1892 novel by J. McCullough .
Mercier and Camier is a novel by Samuel Beckett that was written in 1946 , but remained unpublished until 1970 .
The Bellybuttons ( French : Les Nombrils ) is a French Canadian comics series written by Maryse Dubuc ( credited as `` Dubuc '' ) and illustrated by her husband , Marc `` Delaf '' Delafontaine .
The Dean 's December is a 1982 novel by the American author Saul Bellow .
The Countess 's Calamity is a children 's book written and illustrated by Sally Gardner , published in 2003 .
Miss Christina ( Romanian : Domnișoara Christina ) is a 1936 novella by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade .
The Watch House is a 1977 fiction book by Robert Westall .
The Great Dinosaur Robbery is a now out - of - print book released in 1970 and written by David Eliades and Robert Forrest Webb under the pseudonym of David Forrest .
Three Stations is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia circa 2010 .
Field of Dishonor ( 1994 ) is a science fiction novel , the fourth in David Weber 's Honor Harrington series .
The White Castle ( original Turkish title : Beyaz Kale ) is a novel by Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk .
When Dogs Cry is the third young - adult fiction novel written by Australian writer Markus Zusak in the Wolfe family books .
Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord is a novel by Louis de Bernières , first published in 1991 .
Doctor De Soto is a picture book for children written and illustrated by William Steig and first published in 1982 .
Of a Fire on the Moon ( ISBN 0 - 316 - 54411 - 6 , OCLC 101602 ) is a work of non - fiction by Norman Mailer which was serialised in Life magazine in 1969 and 1970 , and published in 1970 as a book .
Summer of the Swans is a children 's novel by Betsy Byars about fourteen - year - old Sara Godfrey 's search for her missing , mentally challenged brother Charlie .
Forgive us our Sins ( orig . French Pardonnez nos offenses ) is the title of a historical novel by Romain Sardou .
The Great Enigma ( Swedish : Den stora gåtan ) is a 2004 collection of poetry by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer .
The Whaleboat House ( originally published with the title Amagansett ) is a 2004 crime novel by British writer Mark Mills .
Last Essays is a volume of essays by Joseph Conrad , edited with an introduction by Richard Curle , and published posthumously in 1926 ( London & Toronto : J. M. Dent & Sons ) .
In Defense of the National Interest ( full title In Defense of the National interest : A Critical Examination of American Foreign Policy ) is a 1951 book by realist academic Hans Morgenthau .
My Laugh Comes Last is a 1977 thriller novel written by James Hadley Chase .
View of the Hebrews is an 1823 book written by Ethan Smith , a United States Congregationalist minister , who argued that Native Americans were descended from the Ten Lost Tribes of Israel .
A Gamut of Games is an innovative book of games written by Sid Sackson and first published in 1969 .
Dream Dancer is a 1980 novel by Janet Morris , the first in her Kerrion Space trilogy .
Visit to Godenholm ( German : Besuch auf Godenholm ) is a 1952 novella by the German writer Ernst Jünger .
Codex on the Flight of Birds is a relatively short codex of circa 1505 by Leonardo da Vinci .
Racism Explained to My Daughter ( by Tahar Ben Jelloun , 1998 , ISBN 88 - 7754 - 206 - 3 ) is a book in which the author , during a demonstration against an immigration law in Paris , answers his daughter 's questions about the reasons for racism .
People of the Fire is a 1991 historical fiction novel written by husband - and - wife co - authors W. Michael Gear & Kathleen O'Neal Gear .
Ritournelle de la faim ( The Same Old Story of Hunger , or The Refrain of Hunger ) is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
On the Way Home is the diary of an American farm wife , Laura Ingalls Wilder , during her 1894 migration with husband Almanzo Wilder and seven - year - old daughter Rose from De Smet , South Dakota , to Mansfield , Missouri , where they settled permanently .
The Scarlatti Inheritance is the first of 27 thriller novels written ( the last four of them left in the form of manuscripts , later finalized by ghost writers ) by American author Robert Ludlum .
Theatrical Novel ( also A Dead Man 's Memoir ) is an unfinished novel by Mikhail Bulgakov .
The Butterfly 's Evil Spell ( El maleficio de la mariposa ) was the first play by the twentieth - century Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca .
Det brinner ! ( It burns ! ) is a 1999 young adult novel written by Laura Trenter .
Textbook of Biochemistry , first published in 1928 , is scientific textbook authored by Alexander Thomas Cameron .
Lirael ( called Lirael : Daughter of the Clayr in some regions ) is a fantasy novel by Garth Nix , first published in 2001 .
The Genius of America ( 1923 ) is book written by Stuart Sherman .
A Farewell to Arms is a novel by Ernest Hemingway set during the Italian campaign of World War I. The book , published in 1929 , is a first - person account of American Frederic Henry , serving as a Lieutenant ( `` Tenente '' ) in the ambulance corps of the Italian Army .
Ten Days in a Mad - House is a book by newspaper reporter Nellie Bly .
The Piano Lesson is a 1990 play by American playwright August Wilson .
Inexcusable is a 2005 novel written by Chris Lynch in the young adult genre .
Johan Padan and the Discovery of the Americas is a one - man play by Dario Fo , recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature .
End This Depression Now ! is a non - fiction book by Paul Krugman , an American economist and Nobel laureate .
To Light a Candle is the 2004 second fantasy novel of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory 's Obsidian Trilogy .
`` The Shobies ' Story '' is a 1990 science fiction novella by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin , describing the story of the first human crew to participate in a newly invented faster - than - light mode of space travel .
Hell Has Harbour Views is a 2001 novel written by Richard Beasley .
The Honorary Consul is a British thriller novel by Graham Greene , published in 1973 .
The Entropy Tango is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock .
Blue of Noon ( French : Le Bleu du Ciel ) is an erotic novella by Georges Bataille .
My Prison Without Bars is Pete Rose 's autobiography , published by Rodale Press on January 8 , 2004 .
The Hollow Chest is a novel that was published in 1941 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton .
Legende sau basmele românilor ( `` Legends or Romanian Fairy - tales '' ) is a collection , in several volumes , of Romanian folktales , first published in 1872 by Petre Ispirescu .
The History of the Dividing Line Betwixt Virginia and North Carolina is an account by William Byrd II of the surveying of the border between the Colony of Virginia and the Province of North Carolina in 1728 .
I , Alex Cross is the 16th novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson .
Alec Forbes of Howglen is a novel by George MacDonald , first published in 1865 and is primarily concerned with Scottish country life .
Crusade in Jeans ( 1973 ) is a children 's novel written by Thea Beckman .
Neglected People ( Oboydyonnye , Обойдённые ) is a 1865 novel by Nikolai Leskov .
The Whiskey Rebels is an historical novel by American writer David Liss , inspired by events in the early history of the United States .
The Stone Angel , first published in 1964 by McClelland and Stewart , is perhaps the best - known of Margaret Laurence 's series of novels set in the fictitious town of Manawaka , Manitoba .
An Inland Voyage ( 1878 ) is a travelogue by Robert Louis Stevenson about a canoeing trip through France and Belgium in 1876 .
The Dragon of Despair is a 2004 fantasy novel , third of six in Jane Lindskold 's wolf series .
The Book of Folly is a 1972 collection of poetry by American writer Anne Sexton .
The General Scholium is an essay written by Isaac Newton , appended to his work of Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica , known as the Principia .
Support and Defend is a political thriller novel in the Tom Clancy universe by Mark Greaney published on July 22 , 2014 by Putnam Adult .
A World Out of Time is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven and published in 1976 .
Missing Soluch ( Persian : جای خالی سلوچ‎ Ja - ye Khali - ye Soluch ; 1979 ) is a novel by Iranian author Mahmoud Dowlatabadi , translated from the Persian by Kamran Rastegar in 2007 .
Chitta Lahu ( Punjabi : ਚਿੱਟਾ ਲਹੂ ) is a Punjabi novel written by Punjabi novelist Nanak Singh .
The Opposite House is a novel by British author Helen Oyeyemi first published by Penguin Books in 2007 .
It 's Me , Eddie is the first novel by Russian writer and politician Eduard Limonov .
Beyond the Rocks is a 1906 novel by Elinor Glyn .
And Thereby Hangs a Tale ( ISBN 9780230531451 ) is British author Jeffrey Archer 's sixth collection of short stories .
The Forever King is a fantasy book written by Molly Cochran and Warren Murphy , the authors of Grandmaster , which reached # 3 on The New York Times bestseller list .
The Road to Mars is a 1999 science fiction comedic novel by Eric Idle .
The Rivers and Beacon - Hills of Gondor is a historical - etymological essay written by J. R. R. Tolkien sometime after June 1969 .
The Bugis is a book written by Christian Pelras about the Bugis people produced in 1996 and published in the United States in 1997 by Blackwell Publishing .
The Growth of Biological Thought ( 992 pages , Belknap Press , ISBN 0674364465 ) is a book written by Ernst Mayr , first published in 1982 .
The Flying Classroom ( German : Das Fliegende Klassenzimmer ) is a 1933 novel for children written by the German writer Erich Kästner .
Facing the Flag or For the Flag ( French : Face au drapeau ) is an 1896 patriotic novel by Jules Verne .
Uncle and the Battle for Badgertown ( 1973 ) is a children 's novel written by J. P. Martin , the last of his Uncle series of six books .
De Cive ( `` On the citizen '' ) is one of Thomas Hobbes 's major works .
Good Girls Do n't Wear Trousers ( Italian : Volevo i pantaloni ) is an autobiographical novel by Lara Cardella .
Ekattorer Dingulee ( Bengali : একাত্তরের দিনগুলি , English : Of Blood and Fire ( translator Mustafizur Rahman ) ) is an autobiographical book by Martyr - Mother Jahanara Imam based on her experiences of the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971 .
The Defence of a Fool ( French : Le Plaidoyer d'un fou ) is an autobiographical novel by the Swedish writer August Strindberg .
Homage to Catalonia is George Orwell 's personal account of his experiences and observations in the Spanish Civil War .
Reading Writing ( French : En lisant en écrivant ) is a 1980 book by the French writer Julien Gracq .
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy - Winkle is a children 's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter .
Farces et moralités ( Farces and morality plays ) is a collection of six comedy plays in one act , written by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Fasquelle in 1904 :
Hijo de ladrón ( Spanish : Son of a thief ) is a Chilean novel , written by Manuel Rojas .
Elämä lyhyt , Rytkönen pitkä ( `` Life short , Rytkönen long '' ) is a 1991 Finnish novel by Arto Paasilinna , While farcical throughout , from the title 's twist on the original saying onwards , it has a somewhat elegiac mood , with a constant undercurrent of tragedy leavened by humor .
`` The Creek of the Four Graves '' is a poem by Australian writer Charles Harpur that was first published in three parts in The Weekly Register of Politics , Facts and General Literature on 9 August , 16 August and 23 August 1845 .
The Westminster Shorter Catechism is a catechism written in 1646 and 1647 by the Westminster Assembly , a synod of English and Scottish theologians and laymen intended to bring the Church of England into greater conformity with the Church of Scotland .
The Peasants ( Polish : Chłopi ) is a novel written by Nobel Prize - winning Polish author Władysław Reymont in four parts between 1904 and 1909 .
Samuels bok ( lit . Samuel 's Book ) is a 1982 novel by Swedish author Sven Delblanc .
After the First Death ( 1979 ) is a suspense novel for young adults by American author Robert Cormier .
The Tragedy of the Moon is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov .
The Journeyer is a historical novel about Marco Polo , written by Gary Jennings and first published in 1984 .
Vespers in Vienna is a 1947 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
Kit and Kitty : a story of west Middlesex is a three - volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1890 .
The Two Towers is the second volume of J. R. R. Tolkien 's high fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings .
The Charlie Madigan series is a collection of urban fantasy novels by author Kelly Gay .
Ecclesiam suam is an encyclical of Pope Paul VI on the Catholic Church given at St. Peter 's , Rome , on the Feast of the Transfiguration , 6 August 1964 , the second year of his Pontificate .
This Alien Shore is a science fiction novel by the American author Celia S. Friedman .
Each In His Own Way ( Italian : Ciascuno a suo modo ( tʃaˈskuːno a ˈsuːo ˈmɔːdo ) ) is a 1924 play by Luigi Pirandello .
O mar na Lajinha is a Capeverdean novel published in 2004 by Germano Almeida .
My Friend Flicka is a 1941 novel by Mary O'Hara , about Ken McLaughlin , the son of a Wyoming rancher , and his horse Flicka .
Singularity 7 is a four - issue comic book mini - series created , written , and illustrated by Ben Templesmith .
Freedom and the Law is Italian jurist and philosopher Bruno Leoni 's most popular work .
The Valley of Horses is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel .
The Seed of Earth is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg , originally published as an Ace Double in 1962 .
The Accumulation of Capital ( full title : The Accumulation of Capital : A Contribution to an Economic Explanation of Imperialism , Die Akkumulation des Kapitals : Ein Beitrag zur ökonomischen Erklärung des Imperialismus ) is the principal book length work of Rosa Luxemburg first published in 1913 .
The Complete Book of Running is a 1977 non - fiction book written by Jim Fixx .
Angry Candy is a 1988 collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison that is loosely organized around the theme of death .
The Mighty Miss Malone is a 2012 children 's novel by author Christopher Paul Curtis and is a followup to his 2000 book Bud , Not Buddy .
The Labyrinth of Solitude ( Spanish : El laberinto de la soledad ) is a book - length essay by Octavio Paz , first published in 1950 .
A Stir of Echoes is a 1958 novel by Richard Matheson that served as the inspiration for the 1999 film , Stir of Echoes .
The Cactaceae is a monograph on plants of the cactus family written by the American botanists Nathaniel Lord Britton and Joseph Nelson Rose and published in multiple volumes between 1919 and 1923 .
The Bone Garden is a 2007 novel written by Tess Gerritsen , loosely part of the Jane Rizzoli / Maura Isles series .
Natasha and Other Stories ( ISBN 0 - 374 - 28141 - 6 ) is a collection of short stories by Canadian author David Bezmozgis .
Black Seconds ( Norwegian : Svarte sekunder , 2002 ) is a novel by Norwegian writer Karin Fossum , the sixth in the Inspector Konrad Sejer series .
Alida 's Song is the sequel to The Cookcamp by Gary Paulsen .
The Dangerous Transmission is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel , credited to Franklin W. Dixon .
Gone Too Far ! is a 2007 play written by British playwright Bola Agbaje .
Voyage au pays des arbres is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles is a children 's book by Padraic Colum , a retelling of Greek myths .
The Old Men at the Zoo is a novel written by Angus Wilson , first published in 1961 by Secker and Warburg , and by Penguin books in 1964 .
The surviving Hellenica is an important work of the Greek writer Xenophon and one of the principal sources for the final seven years of the Peloponnesian War not covered by Thucydides , and the war 's aftermath .
`` A Nasty Story '' ( Russian : Скверный анекдот , Skverny anekdot ) , also translated as `` A Disgraceful Affair '' , as well as `` A Most Unfortunate Incident '' and `` An Unpleasant Predicament '' , is a satirical short story by Fyodor Dostoyevsky concerning the escapades of a Russian civil servant .
Brother Odd is a novel by Dean Koontz , published in 2006 .
The Liberty Project is an American comic book series created by writer Kurt Busiek and artist James W. Fry .
Poor Fellow My Country is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Xavier Herbert .
The Divine Invasion is a BSFA Award nominated 1981 science fiction book by Philip K. Dick .
Lord Loss is the first novel in the Demonata series written by best - selling teenage horror author Darren Shan .
Kundalatha ( or Kundalata , Malayalam : കുന്ദലത ) is a novel by Appu Nedungadi , published in 1887 .
Muhammad at Medina is a book about early Islam written by the non - Muslim Islamic scholar , professor William Montgomery Watt .
Letters to a Philosophical Unbeliever ( 1780 ) is a multi - volume series of books on metaphysics by eighteenth - century British polymath Joseph Priestley .
Space Apprentice , also known as Probationers ( Russian title : Стажёры , Stazhory ) , is one of the early novels of Russian science fiction writers Arkady and Boris Strugatsky .
`` Lost in the Andes ! '' is a Donald Duck story written by Carl Barks in April 1949 .
Liberty Meadows is a comic strip and comic book created , written and illustrated by Frank Cho .
Betsy and the Great World ( 1952 ) is the ninth volume in the Betsy - Tacy series of children 's fiction by Maud Hart Lovelace .
A Death in the Small Hours , by Charles Finch , is a novel set in England during the Victorian era .
Doctor Sally is a short novel by P.G. Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom on April 7 , 1932 by Methuen & Co. , London .
The Law of Nines is a thriller / speculative fiction novel by American author Terry Goodkind .
When Dad Married Fury is a 2012 play by David Williamson .
Final Blackout is a dystopic science fiction novel by author L. Ron Hubbard .
The History and Adventures of an Atom , by Tobias Smollett , is a novel that savagely satirises English politics during the Seven Years ' War .
History of Materialism and Critique of its Present Importance ( German : Geschichte des Materialismus und Kritik seiner Bedeutung in der Gegenwart ) is a philosophical work by Friedrich Albert Lange , originally written in German and published in October 1865 ( although the year of publication was given as 1866 ) .
Grandfather Stories is a book of 23 historical tales by journalist and novelist Samuel Hopkins Adams .
Pretties is a 2005 science fiction novel and the second book of the Uglies Trilogy written by Scott Westerfeld .
Faith Healer is a play by Brian Friel about the life of the faith healer Francis Hardy as monologued through the shifting memories of Hardy , his wife , Grace , and stage manager , Teddy .
The Clue in the Diary is the seventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series , and was first published in 1932 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene .
Pamphilia to Amphilanthus is a sonnet sequence by the English Renaissance poet Lady Mary Wroth , first published as part of The Countess of Montgomery 's Urania in 1621 , but subsequently published separately .
The Morning Gift is a bestselling novel by the English author Eva Ibbotson , based on her own experience as a refugee .
Unto a Good Land ( Swedish : Invandrarna ) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1952 .
An Experiment in Criticism is a 1961 book by C. S. Lewis in which he proposes that the quality of books should be measured not by how they are written , but by how they are read .
The Horsecatcher is a 1957 adolescent novel by author Mari Sandoz .
A Cold Heart is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman
The Commentariolus ( Little Commentary ) is Nicolaus Copernicus 's 40-page outline of an early version of his revolutionary heliocentric theory of the universe .
When Heaven Fell is a 1995 military science fiction novel by William Barton .
Ludzie bezdomni ( Homeless people ) is a book written by Stefan Żeromski in 1899 in Zakopane , Poland , published for the first time in 1900 .
Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage is a lengthy narrative poem in four parts written by Lord Byron .
Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology is a work of philosophy by Ayn Rand and Leonard Peikoff , which Rand considered her philosophical treatise .
Un gentilhomme is a novel by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau , published by Flammarion in 1920 , after his death .
Moonfleet is a tale of smuggling by the English novelist J. Meade Falkner , first published in 1898 .
The Seven Hills is a 2005 alternate history novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts , a sequel to his 2002 novel Hannibal 's Children .
Der Stechlin is a novel by Theodor Fontane written between 1895 and 1897 , and first published in the literary journal Über Land und Meer .
`` The Concentration City '' is a dystopian short story by British author J. G. Ballard , first published , under the title `` Build - Up '' in New Worlds volume 19 number 55 in January 1957 .
My Century ( German : Mein Jahrhundert , 1999 ) is a novel written by German author Günter Grass .
High says that Loki is the son of Fárbauti , that `` Laufey or Nál '' is his mother , and that his brothers are Býleistr and Helblindi .
In 1982 , Erling Persson 's son , Stefan Persson took over the position as the Managing Director , and today he is the Chairman of the Board .
When Leonard Thompson died in 1976 , Doris Thompson succeeded him as chairmain of the Pleasure Beach , whilst her son Geoffrey Thompson became managing director .
Salomon de Bray was the father of ten children , of whom three ( Dirck de Bray , Jan de Bray , and Joseph de Bray ) became notable artists .
Alexander Pushkin , considered to be the most famous Russian poet , was romantically involved with Anna Olenina , Alexey Olenin 's youngest daughter .
In trinitarian Christianity , God the Father is regarded as the first person of the Trinity , followed by the second person God the Son ( Jesus Christ ) and the third person God the Holy Spirit .
Calliope also had two famous sons , Orpheus and Linus , by either Apollo or the king Oeagrus of Thrace .
Xiahou Yuan 's second son , Xiahou Ba , served as a military general in the state of Cao Wei .
Matthew Robinson Boulton ( 8 August 1770 -- 16 May 1842 ) was an English manufacturer , a pioneer of management , the son of Matthew Boulton and the father of Matthew Piers Watt Boulton , who first patented the aileron .
Diopeithes ( in Greek Διoπείθης ; lived during the 4th century BC ) was an Athenian general , probably father of the poet Menander , who was sent out to the Thracian Chersonese about 343 BC , at the head of a body of Athenian settlers or κληρoυχoι.
Herbert Spiegel was the father of David Spiegel , M.D. , of Stanford University , who likewise is an expert in hypnosis .
However , Burkert says that while Semele is `` manifestly non - Greek '' , he also says that `` it is no more possible to confirm that Semele is a Thraco - Phrygian word for earth than it is to prove the priority of the Lydian baki- over Bacchus as a name for Dionysos '' .
Rob Reiner married actress / director Penny Marshall in 1971 and adopted Marshall 's daughter , actress Tracy Reiner ( A League of Their Own ) , from a previous marriage to Michael Henry .
In this instance , Tacitus refers to the god Odin as `` Mercury '' , Thor as `` Hercules '' , and Týr as `` Mars '' , and the identity of the `` Isis '' of the Suebi has been debated .
To fix the problem , the Kangxi Emperor gave Prince Yong ( the future Yongzheng Emperor ) advice on how to make the economy more efficient .
David I. Arkin ( December 19 , 1906 - October 8 , 1980 ) was an American teacher , painter , writer , and lyricist , and is the father of actor Alan Arkin .
Apama and Seleucus had two daughters , Apama and Laodice , and two sons , Antiochus I Soter who inherited the Seleucid throne , and Achaeus .
Jiang Yuan was the mother of Houji , who is a culture hero and revered as the God of Millet .
In addition , Loki is referred to as the father of Váli in the Prose Edda .
According to various accounts Aleus had three sons , Lycurgus , the Argonauts Amphidamas and Cepheus , and two daughters , Auge , and Alcidice , by either Neaera the daughter of Pereus , or Cleobule .
Alexandra of Greece and Denmark ( Greek : Αλεξάνδρα , Serbian : Александра/Aleksandra ; 25 March 1921 -- 30 January 1993 ) was Queen of Yugoslavia as the wife of the last King of Yugoslavia , Peter II , and mother of Alexander , Crown Prince of Yugoslavia .
Niall Glúndub was succeeded as High King by Donnchad Donn mac Flainn , son of Flann Sinna , and as King of Ailech by his son Muirchertach mac Néill , `` the Hector of the Western World '' .
Ngwane III reigned until 1780 when his son , Ndvungunye , became King after a regency of Queen LaYaka Ndwandwe .
Tony Carreira is the father of pop singers David Carreira and Mickael Carreira .
Paul Janson was the father of future Prime Minister of Belgium Paul - Émile Janson and Marie Janson ( later Spaak ) , first female member of the Belgian parliament , mother of Prime Minister Paul - Henri Spaak .
John Marshall Clemens ( August 11 , 1798 -- March 24 , 1847 ) was the father of author Mark Twain .
Ugayafukiaezu no Mikoto `` Unfinished Cormorant - Feather Thatching '' 鵜葺草葺不合命 , commonly shortened to Ugayafukiaezu , is a Japanese deity ( kami ) , and in Japanese mythology , he is the father of Japan 's first emperor , Emperor Jimmu .
In spring 588 , Chen Shubao , believing Consorts Zhang 's and Kong 's accusations that Chen Yin resented him for not favoring Empress Shen , deposed Chen Yin and created him the Prince of Wuxing , instead creating Consort Zhang 's son Chen Shen crown prince .
Rosher was the father of actress Joan Marsh and cinematographer Charles Rosher , Jr.
As a son of King Lloque Yupanqui , Mayta Cápac was his heir and the father of Cápac Yupanqui .
Joachim ( /ˈdʒoʊ.əkɪm/ ; `` he whom Yahweh has set up '' , Hebrew : יְהוֹיָקִים Yəhôyāqîm , Greek Ἰωακείμ Iōākeím ) was the husband of Saint Anne and the father of Mary the mother of Jesus , according to the Catholic , Orthodox , and Anglican traditions .
Manuel Tadros is the father of Quebec film director and actor Xavier Dolan .
His daughter Christiane Krüger and his son , Hardy Krüger , Jr. are also actors .
Thomas Wedgwood III ( 11 June 1685 -- 27 June 1739 ) was an English potter and the father of Josiah Wedgwood .
Barron Hilton has 15 grandchildren , including Paris Hilton and Nicky Hilton Rothschild ; both of them are Richard Hilton 's daughters .
The Heimskringla Saga states that Eystein Glumra was the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson and Sigurd Eysteinsson .
Jane Randolph Jefferson , née Jane Randolph ( February 9 , 1721 -- March 31 , 1776 ) was the wife of Peter Jefferson and the mother of president Thomas Jefferson .
Julius Marinus was the father of Roman Emperor Philip the Arab and Philip 's brother Gaius Julius Priscus .
Agnes of Courtenay ( c. 1136 -- c. 1184 ) was the daughter of Joscelin II of Courtenay by his wife Beatrice ( widow of William , Lord of Saône ) , and the mother of king Baldwin IV of Jerusalem and queen Sibylla of Jerusalem .
Wife of Erginus Trophonius ( possibly ) Unknown consorts Acraepheus , eponym of the city Acraephia Chariclo ( possibly ) Erymanthus Marathus , eponym of Marathon Megarus Melaneus Oncius Phemonoe Pisus , founder of Pisa in Etruria Younger Muses Cephisso Apollonis Borysthenis
In a ceremony at Pride Rock , the Pride Lands commemorate the birth of Simba and Nala 's daughter Kiara , whom Simba is overprotective of .
Anders Linderoth is the father of former national team player Tobias Linderoth .
Miroslav Macháček was married to Věra Štiborová in 1949 with whom he has got a daughter Kateřina Macháčková , an actress .
Thomas Hale Boggs , Jr. , a prominent Washington , D.C .,- based attorney and lobbyist ; and Barbara Boggs Sigmund , who served as mayor of Princeton , New Jersey .
In 917 , Wang Shenzhi took Liu Hua , a niece of Liu Yan , the emperor of Min 's southwestern neighbor Yue ( which would later be known as Southern Han ) , whose title was Princess of Qingyuan , as the wife of his second son Wang Yanjun .
Venerable Margherita Occhiena Bosco ( 1 April 1788 - 25 November 1856 ) was the mother of Saint John Bosco and worked with the poor and the less fortunate .
Tywin Lannister is not a point of view character in the novels , so his actions are witnessed and interpreted through the eyes of other people , such as his son Tyrion Lannister .
Charat Singh ( died 1774 ) was the eldest son of Naudh Singh , the father of Maha Singh , and the grandfather of Ranjit Singh .
Admiral Sir Edward Neville Syfret GCB KBE ( 20 June 1889 -- 10 December 1972 ) was a British naval officer who served with the Royal Navy in World War I and World War II . He was knighted for his part in Operation Pedestal , the critical Malta convoy .
Felipe Ángeles Ramirez ( 1868 - -1919 ) was a Mexican military officer , noteworthy for his participation in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 to 1920 .
George Howard , Jr. ( May 13 , 1924 -- April 21 , 2007 ) was an American World War II veteran , attorney , and a federal judge .
SS Primrose Hill was a British CAM ship that saw action in World War II , armed with a catapult on her bow to launch a Hawker Sea Hurricane .
William H. Woodall was a civilian employee of the Union Army during the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Battle of Namozine Church .
Robert Martinek ( 2 February 1889 -- 28 June 1944 ) was an artillery officer in the Austro - Hungarian Army during World War I , the Austrian Bundesheer and , during World War II , in the Wehrmacht Heer , who came to be regarded as one of the most skilled artillerymen of his generation .
During World War I , Oswald Watt had been the only AFC officer to command a wing apart from Lieutenant Colonel Richard Williams , who was later to become known as the `` Father of the RAAF '' .
USS Sibyl ( 1863 ) was a wooden - hull steamer outfitted with heavy guns , purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
William Henry Harrison Benyaurd ( May 17 , 1841 -- February 7 , 1900 ) was a Union Army officer during the American Civil War who earned the Medal of Honor for his actions at Five Forks , Virginia on April 1 , 1865 .
Ira Hobart Evans ( April 11 , 1844 -- April 19 , 1922 ) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War and received the Medal of Honor .
Count Armand Blanquet du Chayla ( 9 May 1759 -- 29 April 1826 ) was an officer in the French Navy , most famous as second in command of the French fleet during its defeat at the Battle of the Nile .
Fernando Luis García ( October 14 , 1929 -- September 5 , 1952 ) , was a United States Marine Corps private first class who was killed in action during the Korean War and posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism above and beyond the call of duty on September 5 , 1952 .
USS Adelaide ( 1854 ) was a steamer chartered by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War .
Charles Veale or Veal was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions at the Battle of Chaffin 's Farm .
Sergente Cesare Magistrini began his lengthy aviation career as a World War I flying ace credited with six confirmed and four unconfirmed aerial victories .
George Crockett Strong ( October 16 , 1832 -- July 30 , 1863 ) was a Union brigadier general in the American Civil War .
Allen Thomas ( December 14 , 1830 -- December 3 , 1907 ) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
Clifton T. Speicher ( March 25 , 1931 -- June 14 , 1952 ) was a United States Army soldier in the Korean War who posthumously received the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
John Lafferty or Laverty ( 1842 -- November 13 , 1903 ) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy during the American Civil War and is one of only 19 people in history to receive the Medal of Honor twice .
James M. Cumpston ( 1837 -- May 24 , 1888 ) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War .
Ulrich Neckel ( 23 January 1898 - 11 May 1928 ) Pour le Mérite , Iron Cross First and Second Class , was a World War I fighter ace credited with 30 victories .
Richard H. Cosgriff , Sr . , ( December 15 , 1845 -- November 2 , 1910 ) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Oskar Ruut ( birthname Oskar Rosenstock , April 24 , 1916 in Valga -- August 3 , 1944 in Sinimäed ) was an Estonian Hauptsturmführer in World War II , who served in the famous Battalion Narva and in 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS ( 1st Estonian ) .
Smith Larimer ( March 17 , 1829 -- February 20 , 1881 ) was a corporal in the 2nd Ohio Cavalry , Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions at the Battle of Sayler 's Creek in the American Civil War .
Arnold Elzey ( Jones ) , Jr. ( December 18 , 1816 -- February 21 , 1871 ) was a soldier in both the United States Army and the Confederate Army , serving as a major general in the American Civil War .
Tenente - colonnello Alessandro Resch was an Italian World War I flying ace credited with five confirmed aerial victories ( though there is historical evidence of a sixth ) .
Capitano Ernesto Cabruna ( 1889 - -1960 ) was a professional soldier who became a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories .
Michael Joseph McNally ( June 29 , 1860 -- November 2 , 1916 ) was a United States Marine Sergeant who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Second Samoan Civil War .
Joseph B. Smith ( 1826 - -8 March 1862 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who was killed in action during the American Civil War .
Hasdrubal the Boetharch was a Carthaginian general during the Third Punic War .
Konstantinos Metaxas ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Μεταξάς , 1793 - -1870 ) was a Greek fighter of the Greek War of Independence and politician from Cephalonia .
Frederick Walker Castle ( October 14 , 1908 - -December 24 , 1944 ) was a general officer in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II , and a recipient of the Medal of Honor .
Gerhard Stamp ( 3 June 1920 -- 21 May 1998 ) was a highly decorated major in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Thomas E. Atkins ( February 5 , 1921 -- September 15 , 1999 ) was a Private in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for actions in World War II during a skirmish on 10 March 1945 in the Battle of Luzon .
The MAT-49 saw widespread combat use during the First Indochina War and the Algerian War , as well as the 1956 Suez Crisis .
François Goullus , was a brigadier general and baron of the First French Empire during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
John Sedgwick ( September 13 , 1813 -- May 9 , 1864 ) was a teacher , a career military officer , and a Union Army general in the American Civil War .
Emmanouil Manousogiannakis ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Μανουσογιαννάκης , 1853 -- 24 July 1916 ) was a senior Greek Army officer who distinguished himself in the Balkan Wars of 1912 - -1913 .
Flying Officer Leslie Hamilton DFC , MBE , was a British World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Admiral Sir Peter Halkett , 6th Baronet ( c. 1765 -- 7 October 1839 ) was a senior Royal Navy officer of the early nineteenth century who is best known for his service in the French Revolutionary Wars .
William Hugh Young ( January 1 , 1838 -- November 28 , 1901 ) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
SS Aloha State , known in World War II as SS Sea Snipe , was a Type C3-S - A2 transport ship that served during World War II . After the war , it served as a civilian transport ship for 24 years , until it was scrapped in August 1971 .
Paul Legentilhomme ( Paul Louis Le Gentilhomme ) ( 1884 - -1975 ) was an officer in the French Army during World War I and World War II . After the fall of France in 1940 , he joined the forces of the Free French .
Walter - Erich Schneider ( 15 February 1909 -- 25 October 1987 ) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Sergeant William Norman Holmes MM ( born 1896 , date of death unknown ) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories .
USNS Sgt . Morris E. Crain ( T - AK-244 ) was a Boulder Victory - class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served in the war prior to its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel .
Oberstleutnant Wolfgang Schellmann ( 2 March 1911 -- 22 June 1941 ) was German World War II Luftwaffe Ace , commander of JG 2 and JG 27 and a winner of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Otto Christian Hammer ( 18 August 1822 -- 10 March 1892 ) was a Danish naval officer who participated in the First Schleswig War and the Second Schleswig War .
John Kenneth Haviland DFC ( 19 January 1921 -- 1 July 2002 ) was an American pilot who flew for the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain .
Erich Hohagen ( 9 January 1915 -- 8 March 1990 ) was a German Luftwaffe flying ace during World War II and a General in the post war Bundeswehr .
John Clarence Butler ( 2 February 1921 - 4 June 1942 ) was a United States Navy officer and Naval aviator who was killed in action in the World War II Battle of Midway .
Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Sterett ( 1773 - 1821 ) , also known as Joseph Sterrett , was a Maryland militia officer who served during the Battle of Baltimore during the War of 1812 .
Hiram Scofield ( July 1 , 1830 -- December 30 , 1906 ) was a lawyer and Union Army officer during the American Civil War .
In Spring of 2008 , ghostwriter Ken Scott was introduced to Horace Greasley , aged 89 , so he could finally have his World War II memoirs recorded .
Angelis Gatsos ( Greek : Αγγελής Γάτσος ; 1771 - -1839 ) was a Slavophone Greek military commander during the Greek War of Independence .
Auzella Savage ( 1846 -- 1882 ) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy stationed aboard the USS Santiago de Cuba during the American Civil War .
Georg le Coutre ( 13 September 1921 -- 8 January 2009 ) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and an Oberstleutnant in the Bundeswehr .
William Vandever ( March 31 , 1817 -- July 23 , 1893 ) was a United States Representative from California and Iowa , and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Frederick Charles Winkler ( March 15 , 1838 -- March 22 , 1921 ) was a lieutenant colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was nominated and confirmed for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general in 1866 .
Petit Omar or Little Omar was the nickname of Yacef Omar ( 1944 - 1957 ) , a notable figure of the Algerian War for Independence .
Leopold , Prince of Hohenzollern ( German : Leopold Stephan Karl Anton Gustav Eduard Tassilo Fürst von Hohenzollern ) ( 22 September 1835 -- 8 June 1905 ) was the head of the Swabian branch of the House of Hohenzollern , and played a fleeting role in European power politics , in connection with the Franco - Prussian War .
Michalis Kourmoulis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Κουρμούλης , 1765 - 1824 ) was a Greek leader of the Greek War of Independence from Crete and one of the major military leaders on the island during the war .
Franz Sigel ( November 18 , 1824 -- August 21 , 1902 ) was a German military officer , revolutionist and immigrant to the United States who was a teacher , newspaperman , politician , and served as a Union major general in the American Civil War .
David Geisinger ( 1790 -- 5 March 1860 ) was an officer of the United States Navy , who served during the War of 1812 , and was later Commodore of the East India Squadron .
Joseph Hélie Désiré Perruquet de Montrichard ( 24 January 1760 , Thoirette - 5 April 1828 ) was a French general of the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars .
Colonel Archie Van Winkle ( March 17 , 1925 - -May 22 , 1986 ) was a United States Marine who was awarded Medal of Honor for his actions as a Staff Sergeant during the Korean War .
Michael Aheam ( or Ahern ) was an American sailor who received the Medal of Honor for valor in action during the American Civil War .
Matthias W. Day ( August 8 , 1853 -- September 12 , 1927 ) was a career American army officer who received the Medal of Honor , the United States ' highest military decoration , for his actions during the American Indian Wars in the latter half of the 19th century .
Edward Winslow Hinks ( May 30 , 1830 -- February 14 , 1894 ) was a career United States Army officer who served as a brigadier general during the American Civil War .
Ralph Ambrose O'Neill ( December 7 , 1896 - October 23 , 1980 ) was a flying ace from World War I credited with five aerial victories .
Emory Upton ( August 27 , 1839 -- March 15 , 1881 ) was a United States Army General and military strategist , prominent for his role in leading infantry to attack entrenched positions successfully at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House during the American Civil War , but he also excelled at artillery and cavalry assignments .
Leutnant Fritz Pütter ( 14 January 1895 - 10 August 1918 ) Pour le Mérite , Iron Cross , was a German World War I ace fighter pilot credited with victories over eight enemy observation balloons and 17 airplanes .
William Mervine ( 14 March 1791 -- 15 September 1868 ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy , whose career included service in the War of 1812 , the Mexican - American War and the American Civil War .
After the end of World War II ( after 1955 ? ) , the 25th Guards Rifle Division was given the name and honors of the pre - war 25th Rifle Division , which had been destroyed in the Siege of Sevastopol .
Dale Eugene Wayrynen ( January 18 , 1947 -- May 18 , 1967 ) was a United States Army enlisted soldier and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Archie J. Old , Jr. ( August 1 , 1906 -- March 24 , 1984 ) was a General during World War II and a command Air Force pilot .
Helmuth Bode ( 15 October 1907 -- 13 April 1985 ) was a German World War II fighter pilot .
Ramire Rosan ( April 14 , 1895 -- May 24 , 2004 ) was the last World War I veteran from the overseas departments and territories of France .
Hans Speidel ( 28 October 1897 -- 28 November 1984 ) was a German general during World War II and the Cold War .
Rear Admiral James Meredith Helm ( 16 December 1855 -- 28 October 1927 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War .
PGC 39058 is a dwarf galaxy located 14 million light years away in constellation Draco .
NGC 6584 is a globular cluster in the constellation Telescopium that lies near Theta Arae and is 45000 light - years distant .
41 Comae Berenices ( 41 Com ) is an orange giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices .
HD 86264 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the F - type main sequence star HD 86264 , located approximately 237 light years away in the constellation Hydra .
Gliese 623 is a dim double star 26.3 light years from Earth in the constellation Hercules .
NGC 5584 is a spiral galaxy , more than 50,000 light - years across , that resides 72 million light - years away in the constellation Virgo .
The Red Rectangle Nebula , so called because of its red color and unique rectangular shape , is a protoplanetary nebula in the Monoceros constellation .
NGC 3201 is a low galactic latitude globular cluster in the southern constellation of Vela .
Theta Lupi ( θ Lup ) is a star in the constellation Lupus .
G292.0 + 01.8 is a supernova remnant located in the constellation Centaurus .
78 Virginis ( 78 Vir ) is a star in the constellation Virgo .
HD 128311 c is an exoplanet located approximately 54 light - years away in the constellation of Boötes .
HD 224801 , also known as CG Andromedae , is an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum variable star in the constellation Andromeda .
HD 59612 is a supergiant star in the constellation Puppis .
87 Aquarii ( abbreviated 87 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
HD 4747 is a star that lies approximately 61 light - years away in the constellation of Cetus .
V391 Pegasi , also catalogued as HS 2201 + 2610 , is a blue - white subdwarf star approximately 4,570 light - years away in the constellation of Pegasus .
Luyten 's Star ( GJ 273 ) is a red dwarf in the constellation Canis Minor located at a distance of approximately 12.36 light - years ( 3.79 parsecs ) from the Sun . It has a visual magnitude of 9.9 , making it too faint to be viewed with the unaided eye .
NGC 6934 ( also known as Caldwell 47 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Delphinus , about 50,000 light years distant .
Nova Sagittarii 1898 ( also called V1059 Sagittarii ) was a nova , which lit up in 1898 in the constellation Sagittarius .
HD 38283 is a 7th magnitude F - type main sequence star located approximately 125 light - years away in the constellation of Mensa .
Altarf ( β Cnc , β Cancri , Tarf , Al Tarf ) is the brightest star in the zodiacal constellation Cancer .
7 Sagittarii ( 7 Sgr ) is a type - F star in Sagittarius .
Phi Serpentis ( φ Ser , φ Serpentis ) is a star in the constellation Serpens .
Nu Virginis ( ν Vir , ν Virginis ) is a star in the constellation Virgo .
HD 23596 is a 7th magnitude star approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Perseus .
61 Virginis c ( abbreviated 61 Vir c ) is an exoplanet orbiting the 5th apparent - magnitude G - type main - sequence star 61 Virginis in the constellation Virgo .
Sigma Pegasi is a yellow - white star in the constellation Pegasus of spectral type F7IV located around 89 light - years away .
Messier 105 ( also known as M105 and NGC 3379 ) is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Leo .
111 Tauri is a wide binary star system in the constellation Taurus .
12 Lyncis ( 12 Lyn ) is a star in the constellation Lynx .
Rho Scorpii ( ρ Sco , ρ Scorpii ) is a binary star in the constellation Scorpius .
70 Aquarii ( abbreviated 70 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Kappa Centauri ( κ Cen , κ Centauri ) is a binary star in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
Theta Cygni ( θ Cygni , θ Cyg ) is a star in the northern constellation of Cygnus .
HD 36041 is giant star in the northern constellation Auriga .
NGC 4866 is a lenticular galaxy located 80 million light - years away in the constellation Virgo .
54 Aquarii ( abbreviated 54 Aqr ) is a white main sequence star of the constellation of Aquarius .
The NGC 4631 Group is a poorly defined group of galaxies , about 25 million light years from Earth in the Coma Berenices and Canes Venatici constellations .
NGC 9 is a spiral galaxy about 140 million light years away in the Pegasus constellation .
Xi Scorpii ( ξ Sco , ξ Scorpii ) is a star system in the constellation Scorpius .
NGC 5585 is a spiral galaxy located about 28 million light - years away from Earth in the constellation of Ursa Major and is a member of the M101 Group of galaxies .
Abell 1689 is a galaxy cluster in the constellation Virgo nearly 2.2 billion light years away .
NGC 2419 ( also known as Caldwell 25 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Lynx .
NGC 6188 is an emission nebula located about 4,000 light years away in the constellation Ara .
AB Doradus is a pre - main - sequence trinary star system in the constellation Dorado .
Delta Boötis ( δ Boo , δ Boötis ) is a double star in the northern constellation Boötes .
38 Arietis ( abbreviated 38 Ari ) is a variable star in the northern constellation of Aries .
Tau Centauri ( τ Cen , τ Centauri ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
NGC 25 is a lenticular galaxy situated in the Phoenix constellation .
HD 156668 is star in the northern constellation of Hercules constellation .
GRO J1655 - 40 is a binary star consisting of an evolved F5 primary star and a massive , unseen companion , which orbit each other once every 2.6 days in the constellation of Scorpius .
HD 72108 ( A Vel , A Velorum ) is a star system in the constellation Vela .
NGC 1309 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 120 million light - years away in the constellation Eridanus .
NGC 1097 is a barred spiral galaxy about 45 million light - travel years away in the constellation Fornax .
59 Virginis ( e Virginis , HR 5011 , Gliese 504 ) is a G - type main - sequence star , located in constellation Virgo at approximately 57 light - years from Earth .
Chi Serpentis ( χ Ser , χ Serpentis ) is a star in the constellation Serpens .
HD 103197 is a 9th magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 170 light years away in the constellation Centaurus .
Psi Velorum ( ψ Vel , ψ Velorum ) is a binary star in the constellation Vela .
HD 68988 c is an exoplanet located approximately 192 light - years away in the constellation of Ursa Major , orbiting the star HD 68988 .
53 Aquarii ( abbreviated 53 Aqr ) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Phi Aquarii ( φ Aqr , φ Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 167042 b is a gas giant extrasolar planet located approximately 163 light - years away in the constellation of Draco , orbiting the star HD 167042 .
Epsilon Indi ( ε Indi , ε Ind ) is a star system approximately 12 light - years from Earth in the constellation of Indus consisting of a K - type main - sequence star , ε Indi A , and two brown dwarfs , ε Indi Ba and ε Indi Bb , in a wide orbit around it .
Messier 99 ( also known as M99 or NGC 4254 ) is an unbarred spiral galaxy approximately 50 million light - years away in the constellation Coma Berenices .
NGC 91 ( PGC 3325956 , GC 41 , GC 5097 , or NPD 68 22.9 ) is a star with an apparent magnitude of 14.4 in the constellation of Andromeda .
Sigma Geminorum ( σ Gem ) is a star in the constellation Gemini .
71 Tauri ( 71 Tau ) is a faint star in the constellation Taurus .
Beta Serpentis ( β Ser , β Serpentis ) is a star system in the constellation Serpens , in its head ( Serpens Caput ) .
V Centauri ( V Cen ) is a Classical Cepheid variable , a type of variable star , in the constellation Centaurus .
HD 109749 is a yellow subgiant star about 192 light years away in the constellation of Centaurus .
11 Cephei ( 11 Cep ) is a star in the constellation Cepheus .
The Gum Nebula ( Gum 12 ) is an emission nebula that extends across 40 ° in the southern constellations Vela and Puppis .
Gamma Trianguli Australis ( γ TrA , γ Trianguli Australis ) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe .
NGC 6334 ( also known as the Cat 's Paw Nebula , Bear Claw Nebula and Gum 64 ) is an emission nebula and star - forming region located in the constellation Scorpius .
Wolf 489 ( WD 1334 + 039 , LHS 46 , G 062 - 053 , Gliese 518 ) is a nearby degenerate star ( white dwarf ) of spectral class DZ10.0 ) , the single known component of the system , located in the constellation Virgo .
HD 219659 is suspected variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
NGC 4921 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Coma Cluster , located in the constellation Coma Berenices .
K Centauri ( K Cen ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
37 Aquarii ( abbreviated 37 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 158220 is a giant Be star in the southern constellation of Ara .
Messier 69 ( also known as M69 or NGC 6637 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius .
WASP-2b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star WASP-2 located about 470 light years away in the constellation of Delphinus .
Kepler-32c ( alt . name KOI 952.02 ) is an extrasolar planet in orbit around its M - dwarf - type star in the Kepler-32 system , constellation of Cygnus .
HD 96819 , ( HR 4334 , HIP 54477 ) , is a type A2Vn white main - sequence dwarf star 181 ly from here in the constellation of Hydra that shines with a magnitude of 5.43 .
16 Sagittarii ( 16 Sgr ) is a double star in Sagittarius .
38 Aquarii ( abbreviated 38 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Gliese 876 is a red dwarf approximately 15 light - years away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius .
47 Aquarii ( abbreviated 47 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
KOI-81 is an eclipsing binary star in the constellation of Cygnus .
NGC 46 is an F8 star in Pisces , which was identified on October 22 , 1852 by Edward Joshua Cooper , and he incorrectly identified it as a nebula .
NGC 752 ( also known as Caldwell 28 ) is an open cluster in the constellation Andromeda .
HD 98800 , also catalogued as TV Crateris ( TV Crt ) , is a quadruple star system approximately 150 light - years away in the constellation of Crater ( the cup ) .
Chi Boötis ( χ Boo , χ Boötis ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
24 Scorpii ( 24 Sco ) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus .
The Rho Ophiuchi cloud complex is a dark nebula of gas and dust that is located 1 ° south of the star ρ Ophiuchi of the constellation Ophiuchus .
Messier 23 ( also known as NGC 6494 ) is an open cluster in the constellation Sagittarius .
V838 Herculis was a nova which occurred in the constellation Hercules in 1991 and which reached magnitude 5.0 .
WISE J071322.55−291751.9 ( designation abbreviated to WISE 0713−2917 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0 , located in constellation Canis Major at approximately 23 light - years from Earth .
Zeta Capricorni , ( ζ Cap , ζ Capricorni ) , is a fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Capricornus .
15 Arietis ( abbreviated 15 Ari ) is a single variable star in the northern constellation of Aries .
7 Boötis ( 7 Boo ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
The California Nebula ( NGC 1499 ) is an emission nebula located in the constellation Perseus .
The Water Lily Nebula , in the southern constellation of Ara , is a pre - planetary nebula also known as IRAS 16594 - 4656 , in the process of developing to a planetary nebula .
HD 150706 is a 7th magnitude star in the constellation of Ursa Minor .
LaPrade Valley ( 85 ° 11′S 174 ° 36′W ) is a valley in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica with steep rock walls and ice - covered floor , about 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long , extending north to McGregor Glacier , just west of Rougier Hill .
Klinck Nunatak ( 72 ° 4′S 63 ° 59′W ) is an isolated nunatak rising to about 1,800 metres ( 5,900 ft ) between the Blanchard Nunataks and the Holmes Hills in south - central Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Mount Flånuten ( 71 ° 47′S 11 ° 17′E ) is a mountain 2,725 metres ( 8,940 ft ) high extending as a massif between Livdebotnen Cirque and Vindegghallet Glacier , in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Liebig Peak ( 66 ° 46′S 66 ° 0′W ) is a prominent peak on the Protector Heights , Pernik Peninsula , on the Loubet Coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Sowle Nunatak ( 84 ° 3′S 66 ° 5′W ) is a nunatak situated in the Rambo Nunataks , lying 5.5 nautical miles ( 10 km ) southeast of Wagner Nunatak on the west side of Foundation Ice Stream , in the Pensacola Mountains , Edith Ronne Land , Antarctica .
Høgskavlen Mountain ( 72 ° 40′S 3 ° 43′W ) is a prominent , flattish , snow - topped mountain just northeast of Domen Butte in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Studena Point ( Bulgarian : нос Студена , `` Nos Studena '' \'nos stu-'de - na\ ) is a rocky point forming the west side of the entrance to Dalchev Cove on the north coast of Parker Peninsula in the northeast part of Anvers Island , the Palmer Archipelago in Antarctica .
Griffiths Glacier is a prominent cirque - type glacier located northeast of Crisp Glacier in the Gonville and Caius Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Koehler Nunatak ( 74 ° 52′S 98 ° 8′W ) is an isolated nunatak about 20 nautical miles ( 40 km ) east - southeast of Mount Manthe , at the southeastern margin of the Hudson Mountains , Antarctica .
Pirie Peninsula is a narrow peninsula extending 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) northward from the center of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Goodge Col ( 78 ° 28′S 85 ° 38′W ) is a broad ice - covered col at 3,600 metres ( 11,800 ft ) elevation between the south side of Mount Shinn and the Vinson Massif in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Mount Kinabalu ( Malay : Gunung Kinabalu ) is a prominent mountain on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia .
Eaton Nunatak ( 75 ° 10′S 72 ° 0′W ) is a prominent nunatak marking the southeastern extremity of the Merrick Mountains , in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Stolnik Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Столник , `` Vrah Stolnik '' \'vr&h ' stol - nik\ ) is the peak rising to 2600 m in the east foothills of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Fuller Rock is a rock awash , one of the principal dangers to ships on the north side of Faure Passage , Marguerite Bay , Antarctica , about 7.8 kilometres ( 4.2 nmi ) south - southwest of Dismal Island .
Janosy Hill ( 78 ° 9′S 163 ° 44′E ) is a hill rising to 913 metres ( 2,995 ft ) just west of Mirabilite Pond in the Porter Hills , in the Denton Hills of the Scott Coast , Antarctica .
Fusco Nunatak ( 80 ° 2′S 80 ° 9′W ) is the westernmost of the Wilson Nunataks , located just west of Hercules Inlet , at the southeastern extremity of the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
San Stefano Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Сан Стефано , `` Vrah San Stefano '' \'vr&h ' san ste-'fa - no\ ) is a rocky peak rising to 256 m , the summit of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Sparadok Point ( Bulgarian : нос Спарадок , `` Nos Sparadok '' \'nos spa - ra-'dok\ ) is a sharp ice - free point projecting 200 m from the coast of Byers Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica with a shingle spit extending further 300 m northwards into Barclay Bay .
Miller Glacier is a glacier about 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) wide , described by Griffith Taylor as a transection glacier lying in a transverse trough and connecting Cotton Glacier and Debenham Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kellas Islands are two small islands 1 kilometre ( 0.5 nmi ) south of the Parallactic Islands in Holme Bay , Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
McGinnis Peak ( 84 ° 32′S 177 ° 52′W ) is a prominent peak , 1,270 metres ( 4,170 ft ) high with a large , bare cirque in the north slope , near the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Gain Glacier ( 71 ° 1′S 61 ° 25′W ) is a large glacier on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica , flowing northeast from Cat Ridge and entering the Weddell Sea between Imshaug Peninsula and Morency Island .
The Erickson Bluffs ( 75 ° 2′S 136 ° 30′W ) are a series of conspicuous rock bluffs extending from Gilbert Bluff to Mount Sinha , forming the southwest edge of the McDonald Heights , near the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Algal Lake ( 77 ° 38′S 166 ° 25′E ) is a small , roughly circular meltwater lake about midway between Skua Lake and Island Lake on Cape Evans , Ross Island , Antarctica .
The Gromov Nunataks ( 67 ° 45′S 50 ° 40′E ) are a group of nunataks lying 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east - southeast of Mount Henry in the Scott Mountains of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Koerwitz Glacier ( 85 ° 42′S 154 ° 24′W ) is a low gradient glacier flowing northeast from Mount Griffith in the Hays Mountains of Antarctica to the Karo Hills .
Lavallee Point ( 76 ° 37′S 159 ° 50′E ) is the northernmost point of Shipton Ridge in the Allan Hills , Oates Land , Antarctica .
Leay Glacier ( 65 ° 10′S 63 ° 57′W ) is a glacier flowing northwest into Girard Bay to the west of Hotine Glacier , on Kiev Peninsula , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Monge Island is a small rocky island off the coast of Antarctica , lying immediately south of La Conchée and 0.9 kilometres ( 0.5 nmi ) northeast of Cape Mousse .
Hamarøya Mountain ( 71 ° 56′S 4 ° 57′E ) is an isolated ice - free mountain in the middle of the mouth of Vestreskorve Glacier in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Cape Royds is a dark rock cape forming the western extremity of Ross Island , facing on McMurdo Sound , Antarctica .
Ares Cliff ( 71 ° 49′S 68 ° 15′W ) is a cliff in Antarctica .
The Hansen Rocks are a group of five small islands lying just north of Holme Bay and the coast of Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica , about 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) northeast of the Sawert Rocks and Nella Rock , and about 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) northwest of the Canopus Rocks .
Hochstetter Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Хохщетер , `` Vrah Hochstetter '' \'vr&h ' hoh - shte - ter\ ) is the partly ice - free bluff rising to over 1000 m in the southeast foothills of Louis - Philippe Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Heroína Island is a small island in Antarctica , marking the northeast end of the Danger Islands , east - southeast of Joinville Island .
Webb Subglacial Trench ( 70 ° 0′S 146 ° 0′E ) is a subglacial trench in the northwest part of Wilkes Subglacial Basin , to the west of Southern Cross Subglacial Highlands , in East Antarctica .
Zapol Glacier ( 78 ° 35′S 85 ° 51′W ) is a steep valley glacier draining the west slope of Vinson Massif south of Silverstein Peak and Príncipe de Asturias Peak , and descending between Tulaczyk Glacier and Donnellan Glacier in the Sentinel Range , Antarctica .
The Meoto Rocks ( 68 ° 7′S 42 ° 36′E ) are two large rocks lying just west of Cape Hinode , off the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Hutchins Nunataks ( 75 ° 39′S 68 ° 10′W ) are a group of nunataks rising to about 1,200 metres ( 4,000 ft ) , 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) north - northeast of Mount Leek , in the Hauberg Mountains of southern Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Laizure Glacier ( 69 ° 15′S 158 ° 7′E ) is a broad glacier that enters the sea immediately west of Drake Head , Oates Coast , Antarctica .
Rakovski Nunatak ( Rakovski Nunatak \ra-'kov - ski ' nu - na - tak\ ) is a rocky peak of elevation 430 m in Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Gösta Peaks ( 72 ° 6′S 2 ° 44′W ) are the northeastern peaks of the Liljequist Heights , in the southern part of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Byers Peninsula is a mainly ice - free peninsula forming the west end of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Elephant Point is a small predominantly ice - free promontory projecting 2 km into Bransfield Strait at the south extremity of the west half of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Cape Bowles is a cape forming the southern extremity of Clarence Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Mount Friesland is a mountain rising to 1,700.2 metres ( 5,578 ft ) in the homonymous Friesland Ridge , the summit of Tangra Mountains and Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Cape Gray ( 66 ° 51′S 143 ° 22′E ) is a rocky cape which forms the east side of the entrance to Commonwealth Bay , part of the George V Coast of Antarctica .
Galen Peak ( 64 ° 22′S 62 ° 26′W ) is a peak in Solvay Mountains 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Buls Bay , standing at the south side of Hippocrates Glacier in the south part of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Lost Seal Stream ( 77 ° 36′S 163 ° 15′E ) is a glacial meltwater stream , 1.4 nautical miles ( 2.6 km ) long , draining from the west margin of Commonwealth Glacier into the northeast end of Lake Fryxell , in Taylor Valley , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mesta Peak ( Vrah Mesta \'vr&h ' mes - ta\ ) is a conspicuous , sharp and narrow rocky peak extending 500 m in east - west direction and rising to approximately 400 m in Delchev Ridge , Tangra Mountains , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Misnomer Point is the ice - free tipped point projecting 400 m westwards from the northwest coast of Alfatar Peninsula , Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Carlota Cove .
Melchior Harbor ( 64 ° 19′S 62 ° 59′W ) is a small harbor in the Melchior Islands , Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica , formed by the semi - circular arrangement of Delta , Alpha , Beta , Kappa and Gamma Islands .
Mount Manger ( 77 ° 29′S 153 ° 15′W ) is a snow - covered mountain located 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of Mount Josephine in the Alexandra Mountains , on King Edward VII Peninsula , Antarctica .
Kirk Glacier ( 72 ° 2′S 169 ° 9′E ) is a tributary glacier draining southeast along the south side of Fischer Ridge into Ironside Glacier , in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kristin Peak ( 77 ° 26′S 168 ° 19′E ) is a peak rising to over 1,300 metres ( 4,300 ft ) at the north end of Giggenbach Ridge on Ross Island , Antarctica .
Alamein Range ( 72 ° 5′S 163 ° 30′E ) is a mountain range lying west of Canham Glacier , in the Freyberg Mountains of Antarctica .
Sætet , also known as Saetet Cirque , is a large cirque in the north side of Jutulsessen , in the Gjelsvik Mountains , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Columbia River is the largest river in the Pacific Northwest region of North America .
Pickwick Island is the largest of the Pitt Islands , in the Biscoe Islands , Antarctica .
Stranger Point is a point forming the southernmost tip of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
The Dakshin Gangotri Glacier is a small tongue of the polar continental ice sheet impinging on the Schirmacher Oasis of central Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Half Dome Nunatak ( 82 ° 27′S 159 ° 14′E ) is a nunatak lying 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the Cobham Range in Antarctica , at the mouth of Lucy Glacier .
Young Glacier ( 78 ° 4′S 84 ° 49′W ) is a glacier which flows from Mount Gozur and Ichera Peak in Maglenik Heights eastwards for 8 miles ( 13 km ) and terminates at the north end of Barnes Ridge on the east side of Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Gallagher Ridge ( 77 ° 28′S 162 ° 49′E ) is a ridge that trends northeast from Mount Newall , Asgard Range , and descends to lower Wright Valley to the east of Decker Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kamenov Spur ( Bulgarian : Каменов връх , `` Kamenov Vrah '' \'ka - me - nov ' vr&h\ ) is the rocky , partly ice - free peak rising to 600 m in Poibrene Heights on Oscar II Coast , Graham Land in Antarctica .
The British Antarctic Territory ( BAT ) is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom as one of its 14 British Overseas Territories .
Bell Bluff ( 84 ° 4′S 170 ° 0′E ) is a rock bluff on the west side of Beardmore Glacier , just north of the mouth of Garrard Glacier , Antarctica .
The Herbert Range is a mountain range in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica , extending from the edge of the polar plateau to the Ross Ice Shelf between the Axel Heiberg and Strom glaciers .
Danco Island or Isla Dedo is an island off Antarctica , 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) long lying in the southern part of Errera Channel , off the west coast of Graham Land .
Ash Point is a rounded low ice - free point forming the southeast side of the entrance to Discovery Bay in the northeast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica with an adjacent ice - free area of 201 hectares ( 500 acres ) .
Strover Peak ( 69 ° 43′S 74 ° 7′E ) is a low rock peak along the coast of Antarctica , standing 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) west - northwest of Mount Caroline Mikkelsen .
The Komoé River is a river in West Africa .
Davis Ice Piedmont ( 70 ° 38′S 166 ° 16′E ) is an ice piedmont about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long and 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) wide , located along the north side of Missen Ridge on the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Bolt ( 71 ° 5′S 165 ° 43′E ) is a mountain ( 2,010 m ) rising on the north side of Ebbe Glacier and 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) northwest of Peterson Bluff in the Anare Mountains , a major mountain range situated in the geographical location of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Hughes Basin ( 80 ° 19′S 156 ° 18′E ) is a large basinlike névé in the Britannia Range of Antarctica which is bounded except to the south by the Ravens Mountains , Mount Henderson , Mount Olympus and Mount Quackenbush .
Pesce Peninsula ( 71 ° 41′S 74 ° 57′W ) is a broad snow - covered peninsula lying between Rameau Inlet and Verdi Inlet on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula , situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Hampton Bluffs ( 64 ° 25′S 59 ° 18′W ) are a group of three rock bluffs on the east side of Larsen Inlet , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Cape Froward ( Spanish : Cabo Froward ) ( 53 ° 56′00``S 071 ° 20′00''W ) is the southernmost point on the mainland of South America .
Mount Plymouth is a conspicuous peak rising to 520 m in the northeast extremity of Dryanovo Heights , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Ian Peak is a peak in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica , 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of Mount Stirling where the feature overlooks the heads of Leap Year Glacier and Champness Glacier .
Alcyone Cone ( 72 ° 42′S 165 ° 33′E ) is an extinct volcanic cone near the center of The Pleiades , at the west side of the head of Mariner Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
McCarthy Inlet ( 78 ° 50′S 45 ° 0′W ) is an ice - filled inlet which is the largest and northernmost of three inlets indenting the eastern side of Berkner Island , Antarctica .
Lake Kamome ( 69 ° 1′S 39 ° 35′E ) is a small lake between Lake Midori and Lake Tarachine in the southern part of East Ongul Island , Antarctica .
Mount Vernon Harcourt ( 72 ° 32′S 169 ° 55′E ) is a remarkable conical mountain ( 1,570 m ) in the south - central part of Hallett Peninsula , Victoria Land in Antarctica .
The Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains ( German : Mühlig - Hofmann - Gebirge ) is a major group of associated mountain features extending east to west for 65 miles between the Gjelsvik Mountains and the Orvin Mountains in Queen Maud Land , East Antarctica .
Santa Cruz Point , also Spencer Bluff , is a rocky point forming the east extremity of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and the southwest side of the entrance to English Strait .
Giovinco Ice Piedmont ( 84 ° 1′S 176 ° 10′E ) is an ice piedmont , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) wide , between Canyon Glacier and Perez Glacier , gradually descending north to the Ross Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Leslie Peak ( 68 ° 0′S 56 ° 30′E ) is a rock outcrop with a conical peak at its south end , about 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) south of Mount Cook of the Leckie Range , Antarctica .
Fogle Peak ( 77 ° 57′S 162 ° 34′E ) is a distinctive pointed peak , 2,475 metres ( 8,120 ft ) high , standing at the head of Kamb Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Shackleton Ice Shelf is an extensive ice shelf fronting the coast of East Antarctica for about 384 km ( 95E to 105E ) , projecting seaward about 145 km in the western portion and 64 km in the east .
Troyan Peak ( Vrah Troyan \'vr&h tro-'yan\ ) is a peak rising to 810 m in the Friesland Ridge of the Tangra Mountains in Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Urdoviza Glacier ( Lednik Urdoviza \'led - nik ur - do-'vi - za\ ) is a glacier on western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated east of the northern portion of Etar Snowfield and north of Medven Glacier .
Friedmann Valley is one of the McMurdo Dry Valleys , located west of Rector Ridge at the head of Beacon Valley , in the Quartermain Mountains , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Sedgwick Glacier ( 69 ° 51′S 69 ° 22′W ) is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long and 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) wide , which flows east from the foot of Mount Stephenson into George VI Sound immediately north of Mount Huckle .
Lyftingen Peak ( 72 ° 17′S 3 ° 15′W ) is a peak just southeast of the Kjølrabbane Hills , near the southwest end of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Kaname Island is a small , isolated island which lies about 40 kilometres ( 22 nmi ) northwest of Padda Island in Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Coblentz Peak is a peak rising at the north side of the head of Holtedahl Bay , in Chiren Heights , Velingrad Peninsula , on the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica .
Riksa Islands ( Bulgarian : острови Рикса , `` Ostrovi Riksa '' \'os - trovi ' ri - ksa\ ) are three adjacent ice - free islands in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mirazh Mountain ( 71 ° 18′S 13 ° 25′E ) is a peak rising to 1,485 metres ( 4,870 ft ) on the north - central part of Steinmulen Shoulder in the Gruber Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Mount Lagado ( 66 ° 0′S 63 ° 15′W ) is a mountain rising to about 1,200 metres ( 4,000 ft ) on the south side of Leppard Glacier , west of Target Hill , on Oscar II Coast , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Montenegro ( i/ˌmɒntᵻˈneɪɡroʊ/ MON - tən - AYG - roh or /ˌmɒntᵻˈniːɡroʊ/ MON - tən - EEG - roh or /ˌmɒntᵻˈnɛɡroʊ/ MON - tən - EG - roh ; Montenegrin : Crna Gora / Црна Гора ( t͡sr̩̂ːnaː ɡɔ̌ra ) , meaning `` Black Mountain '' ) is a sovereign state in Southeastern Europe .
Kamb Glacier ( 77 ° 55′S 162 ° 39′E ) is a broad elevated glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) ) long , in the Royal Society Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica , flowing northeast from Fogle Peak to enter Condit Glacier .
The Molina Rocks ( 63 ° 22′S 58 ° 27′W ) are a small group of rocks 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) west of the Tupinier Islands , Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
Hackapike Bay is an anchorage 4 miles ( 6 km ) northwest of Ryswyck Point , entered west of False Island along the northeast coast of Anvers Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Kerseblept Nunatak ( Nunatak Kerseblept \'nu - na - tak ker - se-'blept\ ) is a rocky hill of elevation 90 m projecting from Yakoruda Glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Hjort Fracture Zone ( 62 ° S 163 ° E ) is an undersea fracture zone in Antarctica .
Mount Fuller ( 77 ° 53′S 162 ° 21′E ) is a peak in the Cathedral Rocks , Royal Society Range , rising to 1,925 metres ( 6,316 ft ) between the lower portions of Zoller Glacier and Darkowski Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The MacDonald Hills ( 77 ° 33′S 163 ° 21′E ) are a compact group of exposed rock hills east of Commonwealth Glacier on the north side of lower Taylor Valley , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Gibbous Rocks are a group of rocks located 7 km ( 4 nmi ) north - west of Cape Belsham , Elephant Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
South Ice was a British support base 560 kilometres ( 300 nmi ) from the South Pole at 82 ° 05 'S , 30 ° 00'W in Edith Ronne Land , Antarctica during the International Geophysical Year , established by Commonwealth Trans - Antarctic Expedition , where three men overwintered during the Antarctic winter of 1957 .
The Gould Coast ( 84 ° 30′S 150 ° 0′W ) is that portion of the coast of Antarctica along the eastern margin of the Ross Ice Shelf between the west side of Scott Glacier and the south end of the Siple Coast ( 83 ° 30′S 153 ° 0′W ) .
Karelin Bay ( 66 ° 30′S 85 ° 0′E ) is a bay - like indentation in the middle of the north part of the West Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Vesleskarvet is a nunatak on the west side of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Gorev Island ( 66 ° 32′S 92 ° 59′E ) is a small island lying between Buromskiy Island and Poryadin Island in the Haswell Islands , Antarctica .
Eroica Peninsula ( 71 ° 11′S 72 ° 30′W ) is an ice - covered peninsula lying north of Beethoven Peninsula and Mendelssohn Inlet in western Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Goodwin Nunataks ( 84 ° 38′S 161 ° 31′E ) are a small group of isolated nunataks lying about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) west of the Marshall Mountains of Antarctica , at the south side of Walcott Neve .
Ambergris Glacier ( 65 ° 43′S 62 ° 37′W ) is a glacier flowing south - southeast from Mount Sara Teodora between Chintulov Ridge and Valkosel Ridge to join Flask Glacier just west of Fluke Ridge in Aristotle Mountains on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Doescher Nunatak ( 72 ° 23′S 160 ° 59′E ) is a somewhat isolated nunatak situated 13 nautical miles ( 24 km ) north of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Zemen Knoll ( Zemenska Mogila \'ze - men - ska mo-'gi - la\ ) is a peak of 453 m in the Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Møteplassen Peak ( 72 ° 47′S 3 ° 9′W ) is the northernmost peak in the group bordering the south side of Frostlendet Valley , in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Lilliput Nunataks ( 66 ° 8′S 62 ° 40′W ) are three nunataks , from 600 to 700 metres ( 2,000 to 2,300 ft ) high and trending southeast -- northwest , located 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of Gulliver Nunatak on the east side of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Grob Ridge ( 83 ° 29′S 51 ° 22′W ) is a narrow ridge , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long , located 3 nautical miles south of Dyrdal Peak at the south end of the Forrestal Range , in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica .
Newell Point is the rocky point forming the northeast extremity of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and is a northwest entrance point of Nelson Strait .
Mount Krebs ( 84 ° 50′S 170 ° 20′W ) is a prominent rock peak , 1,630 metres ( 5,350 ft ) high , surmounting the central part of the main ridge of Lillie Range , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) north of Mount Daniel , in the foothills of the Prince Olav Mountains , Antarctica .
Basilica Peak ( 70 ° 2′S 159 ° 20′E ) is a granite peak , 1,810 metres ( 5,940 ft ) high , located 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) southeast of Mount Gorton in the southern part of the Wilson Hills in Antarctica .
Fizkin Island ( 65 ° 31′S 65 ° 31′W ) is an island lying 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) southeast of Pickwick Island and 900 m southeast of Arrowsmith Island , Pitt Islands in the Biscoe Islands , Antarctica .
Bandstone Block ( 71 ° 40′S 68 ° 12′W ) is an almost rectangular block of sandstone in eastern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Framranten Point ( 73 ° 49′S 5 ° 13′W ) is a rocky point that extends northwestward from Kuvungen Hill , near the southwest end of the Kirwan Escarpment in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Högbom Outcrops ( 80 ° 15′S 24 ° 52′W ) are rocks rising to about 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) at the eastern side of the terminus of Schimper Glacier in the Herbert Mountains of the Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Holtet Nunatak ( 74 ° 50′S 73 ° 56′W ) is a nunatak rising to about 1,300 metres ( 4,300 ft ) , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of Grossenbacher Nunatak in the Lyon Nunataks of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Anderson Scarp ( 77 ° 33′S 161 ° 21′E ) is an upward slope and cliff 935 metres ( 3,070 ft ) high , about 0.8 nautical miles ( 1.5 km ) west of Hall Bluff on the Dais , Wright Valley , in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica .
Machin Nunatak is a small domed nunatak lying 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east of Mount Cresswell in the southern Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Langfloget Cliff ( 72 ° 6′S 4 ° 24′E ) is a rock cliff 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long at the west side of Flogeken Glacier , in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Jøkulgavlen Ridge ( 72 ° 42′S 3 ° 21′W ) is a prominent flat - topped ridge forming the south part of Jokulskarvet Ridge , in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Operose Peak ( 80 ° 6′S 156 ° 14′E ) is a peak above Onnum Valley to the southwest of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range of Antarctica .
Burdick Peak is the summit of Burdick Ridge rising to 773 m southwest of Mount Bowles on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Centropleura Spur ( 71 ° 17′S 163 ° 11′E ) is the southwest spur of a small massif enclosing a cirque , located at the head of Carryer Glacier , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of Mount Jamroga , in the Bowers Mountains , a major mountain range lying within Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lawrence Peaks ( 72 ° 50′S 166 ° 20′E ) is a mountain complex of high peaks separating the Seafarer Glacier from the head of the Mariner Glacier in Antarctica .
Mount Supernal is a large double summit mountain ( 3,655 m ) surmounting the southeast corner of Hercules Neve and the heads of the Gair and Meander Glaciers , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Fletcher Ice Rise ( 78 ° 20′S 81 ° 0′W ) , or Fletcher Promontory , is a large ice rise , 100 miles ( 160 km ) long and 40 miles ( 64 km ) wide , at the southwest side of the Ronne Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Arda Peak ( Vrah Arda \'vr&h ' ar - da\ ) is located in the east of Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Suriname ( /ˈsʊrᵻnæm/ , /ˈsʊrᵻnɑːm/ or /ˈsʊrᵻnəm/ , also spelled Surinam ) , officially known as the Republic of Suriname ( Dutch : Republiek Suriname , Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌreːpyˈblik ˌsyːriˈnaːmə ) ) , is a sovereign state on the northeastern Atlantic coast of South America .
Lamboley Peak ( 75 ° 4′S 64 ° 19′W ) is a prominent peak in the northwest part of Prehn Peninsula , Orville Coast , Antarctica .
Mello Nunatak ( 72 ° 21′S 165 ° 3′E ) is an isolated nunatak standing 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east of Mount Staley in the Freyberg Mountains of Antarctica , in the northeastern part of Evans Névé .
Fiebelman Nunatak ( 74 ° 57′S 72 ° 37′W ) is one of the Grossman Nunataks of Antarctica , lying 3.5 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east - northeast of Cheeks Nunatak .
East Ongul Island is an island off of Antarctica , 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) long , lying immediately east of the northern part of Ongul Island at the east side of the entrance of Lutzow - Holm Bay .
Altar Mountain ( 77 ° 54′S 160 ° 51′E ) is a prominent mountain over 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) high , standing at the south end of Arena Valley in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Jacoby Glacier ( 75 ° 48′S 132 ° 6′W ) is a steep glacier draining the eastern slopes of the Ames Range between Mount Boennighausen and Mount Andrus , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
McCarthy Ridge ( 74 ° 37′S 163 ° 3′E ) is a broad , mainly ice - covered ridge with steep sides forming the east wall of Carnein Glacier , in the foothills of southeastern Eisenhower Range , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Medhalsen Saddle ( 72 ° 9′S 3 ° 10′E ) is an ice saddle just south of Risemedet Mountain in the Gjelsvik Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Mason Peaks ( 72 ° 46′S 74 ° 44′E ) are a prominent serrated ridge with several peaks , standing 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) northwest of Mount Harding in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica .
Roman Knoll ( Bulgarian : Романска могила , `` Romanska Mogila '' \'ro - man - ska mo-'gi - la\ ) is the ice - covered hill rising to over 800 m between Mount Canicula and Erul Heights , on the southeast side of Verdikal Gap on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Northcliffe Glacier ( 66 ° 40′S 98 ° 52′E ) is a glacier descending to the coast immediately east of Davis Peninsula , in Antarctica .
Gibbney Island is a small island on the west side of Holme Bay , off Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Gardner Nunatak ( 74 ° 26′S 72 ° 46′W ) is a nunatak rising to about 1,670 metres ( 5,480 ft ) , 5.5 nautical miles ( 10 km ) west - southwest of Tollefson Nunatak in the Yee Nunataks of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Isingen Mountain ( 72 ° 23′S 1 ° 4′E ) is a large icecapped mass , through which protrude several rock peaks , between Ising Glacier and Rogstad Glacier in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Nile ( Arabic : النيل‎ , Eg . en - Nīl , Std . an - Nīl ; Coptic : ⲫⲓⲁⲣⲱ , P(h)iaro ; Ancient Egyptian : Ḥ'pī and Iteru ) is a major north - flowing river in northeastern Africa , generally regarded as the longest river in the world .
The Inspiration Rocks ( 73 ° 26′S 94 ° 5′W ) are a group of rock outcrops at the northern edge of the Cache Heights , in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica .
Everett Range is a rugged , mainly ice - covered mountain range nearly 60 miles ( 97 km ) long between Greenwell Glacier and Ebbe Glacier in northwest Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Pritchard Peak is a peak in Antarctica rising to over 1800 m , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of Saburro Peak in the Doll Mountains , Britannia Range .
The Hurricane Heights ( 76 ° 44′S 160 ° 40′E ) are the irregular , mainly ice - free heights which rise to about 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) at the south side of the head of Towle Valley , in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Conway is the rounded low and ice - free tipped cape forming the south extremity of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The earliest evidence of human occupation of the Channel Islands has been dated to 250,000 years ago when they were attached to the landmass of continental Europe .
Saturn Glacier ( 72 ° 0′S 68 ° 35′W ) is a glacier lying in southeast Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Lower Erebus Hut ( LEH ) is a permanent field facility located on Mount Erebus in Ross Island , Antarctica .
The Bekker Nunataks ( 64 ° 42′S 60 ° 50′W ) are a group of three nunataks lying below Ruth Ridge on the north side of Drygalski Glacier and the southwest side of Enravota Glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Hays Glacier ( 67 ° 40′S 46 ° 18′E ) is a glacier flowing north into the head of Spooner Bay , Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Austin Peak ( 71 ° 37′S 165 ° 29′E ) is a peak in the east - central portion of the Mirabito Range in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Suess Glacier ( 77 ° 38′S 162 ° 40′E ) is a glacier between Canada Glacier and Lacroix Glacier , flowing south into Taylor Valley in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Chipev Nunatak ( Bulgarian : Чипев нунатак , `` Chipev Nunatak '' \'chi - pev ' nu - na - tak\ ) is the narrow , rocky hill extending 2.9 km in north - south direction and rising to 800 m on the east side of Edgeworth Glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Koether Inlet is an ice - filled inlet about 18 nautical miles ( 33 km ) long , indenting the north coast of Thurston Island , Antarctica , between Edwards Peninsula and Evans Peninsula .
Fierle Peak is a sharp peak in Antarctica , 1,960 metres ( 6,430 ft ) high , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east - southeast of Dyrdal Peak at the southern extremity of Saratoga Table in the Forrestal Range , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
All - Blacks Nunataks ( 81 ° 29′S 155 ° 45′E ) is a group of conspicuous nunataks lying midway between Wallabies Nunataks and Wilhoite Nunataks at the southeast margin of the Byrd Névé in Antarctica .
Pautalia Glacier ( Lednik Pautaliya \'led - nik pa - u-'ta - li - ya\ ) is a small glacier on Burgas Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated northeast of Strandzha Glacier and south of Sopot Ice Piedmont .
Goodall Ridge ( 71 ° 2′S 66 ° 50′E ) is a partly snow - covered rock ridge about 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) west - southwest of Taylor Platform in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Lobodon Island is an island lying 6 kilometres ( 3.5 nmi ) east of Wauters Point , Two Hummock Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mefford Knoll ( 76 ° 1′S 136 ° 16′W ) is a rocky knoll or ledge on the lower west slopes of the Mount Berlin massif , in the Flood Range of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
The Dominion Range ( 85 ° 20′S 166 ° 30′E ) is a broad mountain range , about 48 km ( 30 mi ) long , forming a prominent salient at the juncture of the Beardmore and Mill glaciers in Antarctica .
Gatlin Glacier ( 85 ° 10′S 173 ° 30′W ) is a tributary glacier 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long , flowing northwest between the Cumulus Hills and Red Raider Rampart to enter the south side of McGregor Glacier , Antarctica .
Hamna Icefall ( 69 ° 17′S 39 ° 43′E ) is an icefall which descends to the south end of Hamna Bay immediately east of Hamnenabben Head , on the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Berg Bay ( 71 ° 27′S 169 ° 27′E ) is a small bay between Birthday Point and Islands Point in the west side of Robertson Bay , northern Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Nuansa Pagi ( lit . Morning Nuance ) is the first morning newscast ever produced by a private television station in Indonesia .
Aces Go Places , ( Chinese : 最佳拍檔 ) , also known in the United States as Diamondfinger or Mad Mission , is a 1982 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Eric Tsang , and starring Samuel Hui and Karl Maka .
In 2006 , a Pasapalabra jackpot of € 2,190,000 became the largest prize ever awarded on a game show in Spain , and the third largest prize ever awarded on a game show in Europe .
Dredd was released on 7 September 2012 in the United Kingdom and on 21 September 2012 worldwide .
The Santoku bōchō ( Japanese : 三徳包丁 ; `` three virtues '' or `` three uses '' ) or Bunka bōchō ( 文化包丁 ) is a general - purpose kitchen knife originating in Japan .
Opor is a type of dish cooked and braised in coconut milk from Indonesia , especially from Central Java .
Healing Hands ( 妙手仁心 ) is a 1998 Hong Kong medical drama series that ran on TVB Jade .
Year of the Carnivore is Sook - Yin Lee 's feature directorial debut and it premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival as a Canada First selection .
Dia Psalma was a self - described punk / folk rock / metal fusion band , from Strängnäs , Sweden .
Nobody Waved Good - bye is a 1964 black - and - white National Film Board of Canada production directed by Don Owen , starring Peter Kastner , Julie Biggs and Claude Rae .
Khuda Gawah had lavish production values and was extensively shot in India , Afghanistan , Nepal and Bhutan .
The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir is a Disney Channel India sitcom , which premiered on April 8 , 2012 .
Rocky Hollow was a 1983 stop motion animation children 's television series made in Wales .
Patatas bravas ( Spanish : ( paˈtataz ˈβɾaβas ) ) , also called patatas a la brava or papas bravas , is a dish native to Spain , often served as a tapa in bars .
Healthy , Wealthy and Wise was a pioneering lifestyle television program shown in Australia .
The Heirloom is a 2005 Taiwan ghost movie .
Renovation Rescue is an Australian TV show capitalising on Australia 's love affair with home renovation .
Pielago bid farewell as the anchor of Balitaan in April 2014 due to her commitments as one of the candidates of Miss Philippines Earth 2014 but returned as one of the reporters of the newscast .
Doomed to Oblivion is a 2002 costume drama produced by Hong Kong 's TVB , it takes its Chinese name , Zheng Banqiao ( Chinese : 鄭板橋 ) , from the name of the protagonist of the series .
First broadcast in Pakistan by ARY Digital , Thakan features actors Saba Qamar , Saba Hameed , Tauqeer Nasir , Saboor Ali , Farooq Zameer , Anusheh Asad , Farah Tufail , Yumna Zaidi and Jabran Shahid .
The Secret of the Lost Kingdom ( Italian : Winx Club - Il segreto del regno perduto ) , was released theatrically in Italy on 30 November 2007 .
Akademi Fantasia ( commonly abbreviated as AF ) is Malaysia 's first reality television show in which a number of contestants called students compete for the winning title and a chance to start their career in the entertainment industry .
Silent Sonata is the first official Slovene - Irish - Swedish - Finnish co - production and was shot in 35 days in Slovenia and Ireland .
Wheel Squad is a French animated television series produced by France Animation , Praxinos e RAI Fiction .
Almost Love was released in South Korea on March 23 , 2006 , and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 539,307 admissions .
The Times of India gave 4 stars out of 5 and wrote , `` With its apt casting and superb performances and direction , Yuddham Sei carries all the weapons needed for it to win its battle at the box - office '' .
Phool Aur Kaante was a Super Hit at the box office in India , and was noted for its soundtrack .
The Sarawak layer cake is a layered cake , traditionally served in Sarawak , Malaysia on special occasions .
Its original title in Italy was Force of Vengeance , and in France it was released as Blastfighter :
One India website said `` Sidlingu has an engaging story and good humour .
Anna Pichrtová ( born May 19 , 1973 in Trenčín , Czechoslovakia ) is a professional long distance runner .
Melona is generally sold in convenience stores in South Korea .
Although Bulgakov was not repressed , from 1925 he was questioned by the GPU several times and was never allowed to leave the Soviet Union , possibly as a result of his negative image which was at least partly due to the publication of The Fatal Eggs .
Los 80 was a Chilean drama TV series for Canal 13 produced to celebrate the Bicentennial of Chile , starring Daniel Muñoz , Tamara Acosta , Daniel Alcaíno , Loreto Aravena , Tomás Verdejo and Lucas Escobar .
Pintada ( lit . Painted Woman ) is a Philippine daytime television drama that is aired locally via the Philippines ' biggest media conglomerate , ABS - CBN and worldwide via The Filipino Channel replacing PHR series entitled Hiyas on its Kapamilya Gold timeslot .
Jollitown is a children 's television program from the Philippines produced by Jollibee , airing every Sunday mornings .
The song `` When Spirits Are Calling My Name '' ( original Swedish title `` När vindarna viskar mitt namn '' , literally translated as `` When the Winds Whisper My Name '' ) was performed by Roger Pontare in the 2000 Eurovision Song Contest , in which Pontare represented Sweden .
' The Ultimate W Expert Challenge is a three - part Canadian reality series produced by General Purpose Pictures that aired on W Network in Canada in summer 2009 .
In Argentina , Solamente vos , has an 15.8 audience rating average .
Romstal is the biggest sanitaryware distributor in Romania and one of the largest in Europe with 200 stores in Romania , Moldova , Ukraine , Italy , Bulgaria , Russia and Serbia .
Karaoke Television , usually called KTV for short , was a live - action music competition airing on Great Belize Television ( Channel 5 ) .
In 1896 , a dispute between Fürst and a subsidiary of the Swiss food producer , Nestlé , which wanted to market `` Original Austria Mozartkugeln '' , was decided in the third instance .
The short films of the video installation Blood of a Poet were assembled into a single feature film entitled Glass Lips , premiering in that form in February 2007 in Vancouver . , In Poland the film in its feature - length format is known as Szklane usta and premieres on 2007 - 03 - 23 .
All for the Winner ( Chinese : 賭聖 Literal translation : Saint of Gambling ) is a 1990 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau and Corey Yuen .
My Monster Secret , known in Japan as Actually , I am ... ( 実は私は Jitsu wa Watashi wa ) , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiji Masuda .
The work , based on Victorien Sardou 's 1887 French - language dramatic play , La Tosca , is a melodramatic piece set in Rome in June 1800 , with the Kingdom of Naples 's control of Rome threatened by Napoleon 's invasion of Italy .
Larry the Lawnmower is an Australian pre - schoolers program that airs on Seven Network in Australia , created by Tim Faircloth and is produced by SLR Productions The series follows Larry the Lawnmower and his four friends Wheelie the Wheelbarrow , Rosie the Rake , Tangles the Hose and Flash the Spade and their adventures in the backyard .
The Morning Show with Sybil & Martin was a morning magazine show that aired on TV3 Ireland .
Enough Rope with Andrew Denton ( often shortened to Enough Rope ) is a television interview show originally broadcast on ABC1 in Australia .
Hullo Marmaduke is a 1924 Australian film comedy drama from director Beaumont Smith about a naive Englishman ( Claude Dampier ) who comes to Australia as a remittance man .
Art Museum by the Zoo was released in South Korea on December 19 , 1998 , drawing a then - impressive 412,472 viewers in Seoul alone , making it the fifth best - selling Korean film of 1998 .
Divas in Distress is a 2012 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB .
Znamya - Udmurtiya ( Russian : `` Знамя-Удмуртия '' Воткинск ) is a bandy club in Votkinsk , Russia .
Poh Ling Yeow ( Chinese : 杨宝玲 ; pinyin : Yáng Bǎolíng)(born 1973 ) is a Malaysian - born Australian artist , actress and runner - up in MasterChef Australia ( series 1 ) .
Children of Troubled Times , also known as Fēngyǔn Érnǚ , Children of the Storm , and several other translations , is a patriotic 1935 Chinese film most famous as the origin of `` The March of the Volunteers '' , the national anthem of the People 's Republic of China .
The Krispie is a toasted coconut biscuit made by Griffin 's Foods of New Zealand .
Indies Records is a record label based in Brno , Czech Republic .
Anarsa is a pastry - like snack commonly associated with the Hindu festival of Diwali in Maharashtra and Central India .
Banania is a popular chocolate drink found most widely distributed in France .
Eternal Happiness ( Traditional Chinese : 再生緣 ; literally Reincarnated Fate ) is a 2002 TVB television drama from Hong Kong based on a short story of the same name by Qing dynasty novelist Chen Duansheng .
Biùtiful cauntri is a 2007 Italian documentary film about illegal toxic waste dumping in Southern Italy .
Poor Little Rich Girls is a United Kingdom reality television program that allowed women from very different professions and classes to switch places to see how the other half lives .
Bagel toast ( Hebrew : בייגל טוסט‎ ) is a sandwich commonly eaten in Israel .
Welf pudding or Guelph pudding ( German : Welfenspeise ) is a two - layered pudding from Germany .
A Million Voices ( AMV ) is a non - profit charity organisation based in Arendal , Norway , but operating in Manila , Philippines .
However , by July 1999 , Hayes had departed the band and was replaced by Jason Finn formerly of The Presidents of the United States of America , with the Nevada Bachelors supporting Fountains of Wayne the same year .
Crystal Head Vodka is a brand of vodka manufactured by Globefill Inc. in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Paprenjak are a traditional biscuit made in Croatia .
Gazpacho is widely eaten in Spain and neighbouring Portugal ( Portuguese : ( ɡɐʃˈpaʃu ) , spelling gaspacho ) , particularly during the hot summers , as it is refreshing and cool .
À Hauteur d'homme is a 2003 Canadian political documentary directed in 2003 by Jean - Claude Labrecque about Bernard Landry and the 2003 general election in Quebec , Canada .
Global Conversations is a public affairs show produced by Nine Media Corporation which has been broadcast by CNN Philippines since 2015 which talks about some of the international issues from CNN programs like The Situation Room hosted by Wolf Blitzer , Anderson Cooper 360 hosted by Anderson Cooper , Amanpour hosted by Christiane Amanpour and many others .
A Chinese Ghost Story II ( 倩女幽魂 II:人間道 ) is a 1990 Hong Kong romantic comedy - horror film directed by Ching Siu - tung and produced by Tsui Hark .
The Art of Amália is a documentary by Bruno de Almeida on the artistic career of Amália Rodrigues ( 1920 - 1999 ) , the celebrated Fado singer from Portugal .
Murtabak or martabak , also mutabbaq ( Arabic : مطبق‎ ) ( Thai : มะตะบะ ) , is a stuffed pancake or pan - fried bread which is commonly found in Saudi Arabia ( especially the Tihamah and the Hejaz regions ) , Yemen , India , Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore , Brunei and Thailand .
De Dietrich Ferroviaire ( DDF ) is a French manufacturer of railway rolling stock based in Reichshoffen , France .
Mesclun ( French pronunciation : ​(mɛsˈklœ̃ ) ) is a salad mix of assorted small , young salad green leaves , that originated in Provence , France .
Pedigree Dogs Exposed is a BBC One investigative documentary , produced by Jemima Harrison , which looks into health and welfare issues facing pedigree dogs in the United Kingdom .
Radio with Pictures was an early music video program , airing on New Zealand broadcaster TV2 ( later South Pacific Television ) from 1976 to 1989 .
The VPRO ( originally an acronym for Vrijzinnig Protestantse Radio Omroep , or `` Liberal Protestant Radio Broadcasting Corporation '' ) was established in the Netherlands in 1926 as a religious broadcasting organization .
Chawanmushi ( 茶碗蒸し,Chawanmushi , literally `` tea cup steam '' or `` steamed in a tea bowl '' ) is an egg custard dish found in Japan .
Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India rated it 2.5/5 : `` Action Replayy needed a much smarter script to keep the laughter ringing '' .
Esa Maldita Costilla ( Spanish for : That Damned Rib ) is a 1999 comedy film starring some of the most famous actresses of Argentina and Spain :
Mimikry is a Swedish punk rock band established by singer Hjalmar `` Hjalle '' Östman and drummer Jonas `` Heavy '' Stentäpp both coming from the Gagnef region west of Sweden .
The Voice Sverige ( The Voice Sweden ) was the Swedish version of the singing competition The Voice of Holland .
Portokalli attracts over 1 million viewers in Albania , Kosovo , Republic of Macedonia and Diaspora .
In the Cut grossed $ 1,666,830 at the box office in Australia .
A Kitchener bun is a type of sweet pastry made and sold in South Australia .
Troubled by the growing worldwide trend of pop singers being elected as politicians , the President of South Korea orders his Chief Secretary to invoke `` Emergency Act 19 '' .
Bungeoppang was first introduced into Korea by the Japanese during the Colonial Korea in the 1930s .
Ushering in a new era of independent filmmaking in South Korea , Daytime Drinking is a comedy in the spirit of Stranger Than Paradise and Sideways , but with a distinctly Korean twist .
Valdiviano , as well as referring to inhabitants of Valdivia , Chile , is a Chilean dish , consisting of a soup made with charqui ( jerky ) and onions .
The Drentse Courant is a former regional newspaper from the Netherlands .
Eon Kid is the English title of a South Korean - Spanish CGI animated television series Iron Kid ( Korean : 아이언 키드 ) produced by Daewon Media and Design Storm in South Korea , and BRB Internacional in Spain .
Since 2012 , it 's almost obligatory for western stars who are visiting Russia to promote movies , albums etc . to appear at `` Evening Urgant '' .
Vegetable sandwich is the most common type of sandwich in India .
The Untold is a 2002 adventure horror film independently produced in Canada written and directed by Jonas Quastel .
Filmed in Tel Aviv , it was released in Israel and the United States as `` Dizengoff 99 , '' and in West Germany as `` Three Under the Roof '' ( German : Drei unter'm Dach ) .
Produced by the National Film Board of Canada , A Matter of Fat features narration by Lorne Greene .
The Barneveldse Krant is the only independent local newspaper of the Netherlands .
The 14 Amazons is a 1972 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and featuring a predominantly female cast .
LOC Kargil is 2003 Indian war film based on the Kargil War fought between India and Pakistan , produced and directed by J. P. Dutta under his J.P. Films Banner .
Angelika Zauber ( née Kuhse ; born 5 November 1958 ) is a German former middle - distance runner who competed for East Germany in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres .
Rise and Fall of Idi Amin was a co - production of the United Kingdom , Kenya and Nigeria , with most of filming done in Kenya , less than a year after Amin 's downfall .
A Very Long Engagement was filmed entirely in France over an 18-month period , with about 30 French actors , approximately 500 French technicians and more than 2,000 French extras .
Heart of Greed ( Traditional Chinese : 溏心風暴 ) was a 2007 grand production drama by Hong Kong 's TVB .
The Evil Touch is an Australian - produced television series , originally broadcast in Australia in 1973 and produced by Amalgamated Pictures Australasia in association with Olola Productions Australia .
La Clase ( English : The ( Social ) Class ) is a 2007 Venezuelan film produced by Venezuela 's state - owned Villa del Cine and directed by José Antonio Varela .
Piel de otoño ( Autumn 's Skin ) is a Mexican telenovela that was produced by Televisa and broadcast on El Canal de las Estrellas in Mexico from 9 May 2005 through 23 September 2005 in Mexico , and from October 10 , 2005 , through February 17 , 2005 , in the United States .
Bánh bò is a sweet , chewy sponge cake from Vietnam .
The Last Trackers of the Outback is a 2007 documentary film about Aboriginal trackers in Australia .
Out in the Dark ( Hebrew : עלטה‎ ) is an Israeli drama film which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2012 and in Israel in the Haifa International Film Festival in October 2012 .
The Young Master ( Chinese : 師弟出馬 ) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan , who also starred in the lead role .
Tilva Roš is a 2010 Serbian coming of age drama following a group of skaters from Bor , a small mining town in eastern part of Serbia , during their first summer after finishing high school .
Skooled is a Canadian children 's educational television series produced by Toronto production company Breakthrough Films & Television and originally broadcast on TVOntario in Canada , and syndicated to other networks throughout the world .
Shaolin and Wu Tang is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Gordon Liu .
Pedaling to Freedom is a documentary film set in Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu , India .
In this slacker bro - mantic comedy , writing partners Dulal and Mainak dream of shaking up the Bollywood film industry in India with their script Sulemani Keeda ( Hindi street slang for `` Pain in the Ass '' ) .
Rage and Passion is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha 's novels The Legend of the Condor Heroes and The Return of the Condor Heroes .
Confrontation at Concordia is a documentary film by Martin Himel which documents the September 2002 protest at Concordia University in Montreal , Canada .
The Ilyushin Il-38 `` Dolphin '' ( NATO reporting name : May ) is a maritime patrol aircraft and anti - submarine warfare aircraft designed in the Soviet Union .
One Nite in Mongkok ( Chinese : 旺角黑夜 ) is a 2004 Hong Kong crime thriller film written and directed by Derek Yee and starring Daniel Wu , Cecilia Cheung and Alex Fong .
Ravaillacz is a superquartet from Sweden , which participated at Melodifestivalen 2013 with the charting song `` En riktig jävla schlager '' .
Leone , who had used his previous films to deconstruct the romanticization of the American Old West , decided to use Duck , You Sucker ! to deconstruct the romanticized nature of revolution , and to shed light on the political instability of contemporary Italy .
Shabana Rehman Gaarder ( Urdu : شبانه رحمان ) ( born 14 July 1976 in Karachi , Pakistan ) is a Norwegian stand - up comedian , writer and columnist .
Baghdad or Bust was a small budget documentary filmed in Canada , Turkey , Kurdistan , Iraq , Israel , Palestine , Jordan , and Washington , D.C. USA during the US - led 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Agadam Bagdam Tigdam is a children 's comedy series produced by and aired on Disney Channel India .
Capuns is a traditional food from the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland , predominantly made in the western part of Grisons .
Rivella is a soft drink from Switzerland , created by Robert Barth in 1952 , which is produced from milk whey , and therefore includes ingredients such as lactose , lactic acid and minerals .
Half a Loaf of Kung Fu ( Chinese : 一招半式闖江湖 ) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chen Chi - hwa and written by Jacky Chan , who also starred in the lead role .
In the United Kingdom packaged Scotch eggs are available in supermarkets , corner shops and motorway service stations .
The Tupolev Tu-160 Beliy Lebed ( or White Swan , Russian : Туполев Ту-160 , NATO reporting name : Blackjack ) is a supersonic , variable - sweep wing heavy strategic bomber designed by the Tupolev Design Bureau in the Soviet Union .
The Brood had cuts demanded for its theatrical release in the United States , Canada , and United Kingdom .
Kemplang is a traditional savory krupuk fish cracker snack commonly found in Southern parts of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Barmy Aunt Boomerang was a children 's comedy series which aired on BBC1 in the United Kingdom from 16 September 1999 to 14 December 2000 .
Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance opened in South Korea on March 29 , 2002 and had a worldwide box office gross of US$ 1,954,937 .
Project SuperStar ( Chinese : 绝对 SuperStar ) is a singing talent search competition organised by MediaCorp and broadcast every Wednesday and Thursday at 8:00 pm on Channel U in Singapore .
Taurus KEPD 350 is a German / Swedish air - launched cruise missile , manufactured by Taurus Systems and used by Germany and Spain .
Tintin and the Golden Fleece ( in the original French , Tintin et le Mystère de La Toison d'or , meaning Tintin and the Mystery of the Golden Fleece ) is a film first released in France on 6 December 1961 .
Cdiscount is the e - commerce leader in France with a turnover of 1.6 billion euros in 2013 .
Msoki ( in Hebrew : מסוקי ) is a Jewish dish from Algeria and Tunisia , often eaten during feasts .
Neapolitan sauce , also called Napoli sauce or Napoletana sauce is the collective name given ( outside Italy ) to various basic tomato - based sauces derived from Italian cuisine , often served over or alongside pasta .
Wedding SOS is a Canadian television series shown on the Slice Network in Canada , the Fine Living network in the US , Sky Livingit in the UK and The Style Network in Australia .
Timbalada is an Afro - Brazilian musician group from Candeal , Salvador , Brazil .
Soy gitano ( I Am Gypsy ) is a Spanish language television drama from Argentina .
Saint - Nectaire is a French cheese made in the Auvergne region of central France .
Sold in over 50 international markets , LELO is headquartered in Stockholm , Sweden with their manufacturing arm located in the People 's Republic of China .
Return to Jupiter was an Australian television series , a 13-part follow - up to Escape from Jupiter , It aired in Australia from 23 March 1997 to 15 June 1997 .
The Times Of India gave 3.5 out of 5 , citing : `` ... with Mayakkam Enna he ( Dhanush ) proves why he is one of the best actors around '' .
Overruled ! is a Canadian children 's television sitcom about high school kids with problems , which are taken to Teen Court , hosted by Judge Tara ; the series aired on Family Channel in Canada and Disney Channel in the United Kingdom .
According to Modi in a 1988 Films Division of India biographical film- Sohrab Modi by Yash Chaudhary , Atma Tarang was the biggest flop he ever made .
Absolutely Charming ( simplified Chinese : 糊里糊涂爱上它 ) is a Singaporean Chinese fantasy drama which will be telecast on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp Channel 8 .
The Returning is a 1990 Australia - New Zealand film .
Tore på sporet is a long running talk show aired in Norway on NRK 1 in several seasons between 1996 and 2015 .
The setting of the show is the living room of the main actor ( until 2008 Cordula Stratmann , in 2009 Jürgen Vogel - all the actors keep their real names ) who lives on the fictional street `` Schillerstraße '' in Cologne , Germany .
Today , Spiegel Online is the most frequently quoted online media product in Germany .
The Irrefutable Truth about Demons is a New Zealand horror film released in 2000 .
Dziennik Ustaw or Dziennik Ustaw Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej ( English : Journal of Laws of the Republic of Poland , abbreviated Dz . U. ) is the most important Polish publication of legal acts .
Churchill Show ( then : Churchill Live ) premiered on NTV ( Kenya ) in 2007 until late 2009 .
Lech Browary Wielkopolski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈlɛɣ brɔˌvarɨ vjɛlkɔˈpɔlskʲi ) ; English : Lech Breweries of Greater Poland ) is a big industrial brewery in Poznań , with a production capacity of 7.5 million hl .
Other titles : 15 Moments ( Canada : English title ) Stardom ( France ) Stardom - Le culte de la célébrité ( Canada : French title )
Cassata or Cassata siciliana is a traditional sweet from all areas of Sicily , Italy , born in Palermo .
Mukh O Mukhosh ( Bengali : মুখ ও মুখোশ ) ( The Face and the Mask ) ( 1956 ) was the first Bengali language feature film to be made in East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) .
Lo que el tiempo nos dejó ( Spanish : What time left us ) is a 2010 Argentine TV miniseries of six telefilms about key events of the History of Argentina during the 20th century .
Knieperkohl is considered a representative dish of the historical region of Prignitz , now part of Brandenburg in Germany .
Primetime on ANC was an hour - long evening national newscast of ABS - CBN News Channel in the Philippines with veteran news anchor Tony Velasquez and former ABS - CBN North America Bureau correspondent Karmina Constantino at the helm as anchors .
2:37 was filmed in Adelaide , Australia on location at St. Ignatius ' College .
The Gryazev - Shipunov GSh-23 ( Russian : ГШ-23 ) is a twin - barreled 23 mm autocannon developed in the Soviet Union , primarily for military aircraft use .
1992 National Film Awards ( India ) Best Feature Film in Tamil - Vanna Vanna Pookkal - Balu Mahendra
East Coast Sessions is a music performance series where each episode features two artists from Atlantic Canada in an intimate concert setting .
Welcome to Paradox is a science fiction television series aired on the Sci Fi Channel in the U.S. and on Showcase in Canada .
Under Great White Northern Lights is a 2009 film , directed by Emmett Malloy , that documents The White Stripes ' summer 2007 tour across Canada .
Lyutika ( Bulgarian : лютика , pronounced ( liuˈtika ) ) is a traditional vegetable mixture -- salad or chunky relish , popular in the northern part of Bulgaria .
Bol Bachchan was released on 6 July 2012 in 2575 screens in India .
The film has been produced by Vashu Bhagnani under his production banner Pooja Entertainment India Ltd. It was after a gap of fifteen years that Priyadarshan and Santosh Sivan have come together for this film ; the last time before Rangrezz they had worked together in Kaalapani , starring Mohanlal in the lead role .
Kedok Ketawa ( ( kəˈdɔʔ kəˈtawa ) ; Indonesian for The Laughing Mask , also known by the Dutch title Het Lachende Masker ) is a 1940 action film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
Palitaw ( from litaw , the Tagalog word for `` float '' or `` rise '' ) is a small , flat , sweet rice cake eaten in the Philippines .
The Graham Norton Show is a British comedy chat show broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom .
Fermat 's Room was originally released in Spain on November 16 , 2007 .
Nothing Trivial is a New Zealand comedy - drama television series , produced by South Pacific Pictures .
Landang , comes from Buli or Buri Tree ( Corypha ) , a type of palm found in the Philippines and other tropical countries .
The Charter of 1830 ( French : Charte de 1830 ) instigated the July Monarchy in France .
Pantua ( Bengali : পান্তুয়া ) is a local confection of eastern India and Bangladesh .
Before being brought to the screen , the screenplay of Dawn of the World won the Grand Prix for the Best Screenwriter(Grand Prix du Meilleur Scénariste ) in France .
Hardy Bucks is an Irish media series , filmed in mockumentary style and following the fictional exploits of a group of young Irishmen living in small - town Ireland .
Saint Gudula was born in the pagus of Brabant ( in present - day Belgium ) .
Apart from Rugby specials , Pobol y Cwm is consistently the most watched programme of the week on S4C , and in 1994 was briefly shown across the whole of the United Kingdom on BBC2 with English subtitles .
Harry 's Mad was a children 's television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on CITV from 4 January 1993 to 11 March 1996 .
Gamekings is a Dutch television program centered on videogames and is broadcast on Comedy Central in The Netherlands .
Tsamarella ( Greek : τσαμαρέλλα , Turkish : samarella ) is a traditional food and one of Cyprus ' main lunch meats which is common in both Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot communities .
Double Bonus is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp Channel 8 .
The series is set in the fictional town of Fraochy Bay , notionally located somewhere off the west coast of Scotland , with no central theme other than an exploration of the slightly odd characters and surreal events that take place in and around the town .
Le Cadeau , released in Italy as Il regalo , is a 1982 French and Italian film .
Kids on Q is a one - hour news - magazine for kids on Q ( television network ) in the Philippines and the first locally produced children 's show on Q which airs every Saturday at 10 a.m. Philippine time .
Moviewatch was a film review television programme broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom .
`` Nu tar vi dom '' ( alternate spelling : Nu tar vi dem ) , also known as `` VM , nu är det hockeyfeber '' , is a song used as a fight song for the Swedish national team during the 1989 IIHF World Ice Hockey Championship in Sweden .
Danny Sullivan 's Indy Heat is a 1991 arcade racing game developed and published in the arcades by Leland Corporation .
Massive Chalice is a turn - based strategy video game for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux and Xbox One by Double Fine Productions , which was funded through Kickstarter .
Faces of War ( originally known as Outfront II , Russian : В тылу врага 2 ) is a real - time strategy and real - time tactics computer wargame developed by Ukrainian developer Best Way and published by Russian publisher 1C Company .
Quake II is a first - person shooter video game developed by i d Software and published by Activision .
Spirit of Adventure is a computer role playing game developed by Attic Entertainment Software and published February 12 , 1991 .
Spelunky is an open source indie platform video game created by Derek Yu and released as freeware for Microsoft Windows .
The Universal Media Disc ( UMD ) is an optical disc medium developed by Sony for use on their PlayStation Portable handheld gaming and multimedia platform .
Realmz is a fantasy adventure and role - playing video game first developed and published by Fantasoft in 1994 for the Apple Macintosh as shareware .
UC Browser is a mobile browser developed by Chinese mobile Internet company UCWeb .
Kerio Connect is a commercial mail and groupware server developed by Kerio Technologies .
Boxing Fever is a boxing video game developed by Digital Fiction and published by Majesco for the Game Boy Advance .
Necrodome is a 1996 first - person vehicular combat game developed by Raven Software and published by Strategic Simulations , Inc. It supports online multiplayer matches .
Carnivores Ice Age is a first - person shooter video game developed by Action Forms , and later ported to iOS and Android devices by Tatem Games .
NBC Sports Real Golf is a mobile game developed by Lucky Chicken Games , a division of the game 's publisher , Abandon Mobile .
Daze Before Christmas is a video game developed by Norwegian video game development company Funcom and originally released by Sunsoft onto the Sega Mega Drive in 1994 exclusively in Australia .
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is an action - adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and iOS through digital distribution .
SiN is a first - person shooter video game based on a modified version of the Quake II engine developed by Ritual Entertainment and published by Activision in late 1998 .
S.T.U.N. Runner ( Spread Tunnel Underground Network Runner ) is a fast - paced , racing / shooter arcade game released by Atari Games in 1989 .
TowerMadness is a 3D tower defense strategy game for iOS and Android , developed by Limbic Software .
Boingz is a WiiWare game developed by NinjaBee and published by RealNetworks that was released on November 24 , 2008 .
MegaRace 2 is a racing / fighting game ( vehicular combat ) developed by Cryo Interactive in 1996 , released on August 31 of that year for the PC .
F29 Retaliator is a combat flight simulator video game developed by Digital Image Design and published by Ocean Software in 1989 for the PC , for the Amiga and Atari ST in 1990 , and the FM Towns and NEC PC-9801 in 1992 - 1993 .
The CalDAV specification was first published in 2003 as an Internet Draft submitted to the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) by Lisa Dusseault .
Tribes 2 is a first - person shooter multiplayer video game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra Studios in 2001 as sequel to Starsiege :
SimCopter is a 1996 flight simulator from Maxis .
Skate or Die ! is a skateboarding game released by Electronic Arts in 1988 for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Atari ST , Apple IIGS , Amstrad CPC , and IBM Compatibles running MS - DOS .
Spelunx and the Caves of Mr. Seudo is an educational computer game intended for young children developed by Cyan ( now Cyan Worlds ) in 1991 .
Shattered Steel is a mech simulation game released in 1996 by BioWare for MS - DOS , and later ported to Mac OS by now - defunct Logicware .
BioShock 2 is a first - person shooter video game developed by 2 K Marin and published by 2 K Games , and a sequel to the 2007 video game BioShock .
Cursed Mountain is a survival horror - adventure video game for the Wii developed by Sproing Interactive Media , in collaboration with , and published by Deep Silver Vienna .
Aero Fighters Assault , known in Japan as Sonic Wings Assault ( ソニックウィングス アサルト ) , is an arcade style combat flight simulator developed by Paradigm Entertainment and published by Video System for the Nintendo 64 in 1997 .
Sampras Tennis 96 is a 1995 tennis video game developed by Codemasters .
Super Baseball Simulator 1.000 is a 1991 traditional baseball simulation video game by Culture Brain for the Super NES that is the sequel to the NES game Baseball Simulator 1.000 .
The LynxOS RTOS is a Unix - like real - time operating system from Lynx Software Technologies ( formerly `` LynuxWorks '' ) .
Little Big Adventure is an action - adventure game developed by Adeline Software International and first released at the end of 1994 .
Jumpgate Evolution , commonly abbreviated as JGE , was an unreleased massively multiplayer online game having been in development by NetDevil intended to be published by Codemasters .
Sango Fighter ( 武將爭霸 ) is a fighting game for DOS made by the Taiwanese Panda Entertainment and released in 1993 .
SubRoc-3D ( サブ・口ツク3D ) is a first - person arcade game released in 1982 by Sega , and the first commercial game to provide a stereoscopic image to the player , using a display that delivers individual images to each eye .
Space Ark is a single / multi player arcade video game developed by independent software developer Strawdog Studios for the Microsoft Xbox Live Arcade and PC .
FireChat is a proprietary mobile app , developed by Open Garden , which uses wireless mesh networking to enable smartphones to connect via Bluetooth , Wi - Fi , or Apple 's Multipeer Connectivity Framework without an internet connection by connecting peer - to - peer .
Fine Artist was a raster graphics editor created by Microsoft Kids subsidiary in 1993 .
Dr. Franken is a video game released for Game Boy and Super NES by Elite Systems .
The Lost Ring was an alternate reality game ( ARG ) initiated by McDonald 's , as part of their marketing for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China .
Sailfish OS ( also styled SailfishOS ) is a mobile operating system combining the Linux kernel for a particular hardware platform use , the open source Mer core middleware , the proprietary UI contributed by Jolla , and other third party components .
My Aquarium ( Blue Oasis in Japan ) is a virtual pet video game by Hudson Soft for WiiWare and PlayStation Network .
Rapid Reload , known in Japan as Gunners Heaven ( ガンナーズヘヴン ) , is a run and gun video game developed by Media . Vision and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation in both Japan and Europe in 1995 .
Dunjonquest is a series of single - player , single - character fantasy computer role - playing games by Automated Simulations ( later known as Epyx ) .
Shovel Knight is a 2D side - scrolling platform game , developed and published by independent video game developer Yacht Club Games .
NBA Jam 2002 is a sports Game Boy Advance game made by Acclaim Entertainment as licensed basketball simulation for the 2002 - 2003 NBA season .
Rock Revolution is a music video game developed by Zoë Mode and HB Studios and published by Konami .
NASCAR 99 is a racing simulator video game developed and published by EA Sports and co - developed by Stormfront Studios .
My Windows Phone ( previously Windows Phone Live ) is a free online companion service for Windows Phone mobile devices from Microsoft .
RealSports Football is a 1982 football video game made by Atari for the Atari 2600 , Atari 5200 and Atari 8-bit computer platforms .
Championship Surfer is an extreme sports video game developed by Krome Studios , published by Mattel , and released for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation and Dreamcast in 2000 .
Loadout is a free - to - play multiplayer third - person shooter developed by Edge of Reality , originally made for Microsoft Windows then ported to PlayStation 4 , Loadout focuses on arcade - style multiplayer firefights across a variety of modes and uses an over - the - top cartoon gore and wealth of character customization options .
Nail'd is an off - road arcade racing game developed by Techland for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
RPM Racing ( short for Radical Psycho Machine Racing ) is a Super Nintendo Entertainment System racing game developed by Silicon & Synapse ( now known as Blizzard Entertainment ) under contract from Interplay Entertainment and published by Interplay .
Super Turrican 2 is a 16-bit shooter game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System , developed by Factor 5 and marketed by Ocean Software in 1995 .
Best Bout Boxing is a boxing arcade game released by Jaleco in 1994 , where boxers have to compete for the fictional `` 1993 Worldfreeweight Championship '' ( no weight limitation ) .
Football Manager 2016 ( abbreviated to FM16 ) is a football management simulation video game developed by Sports Interactive and published by Sega .
PixelJunk Eden is a video game developed by Q - Games for the PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows .
Microsoft announced in November 2005 that it would co - sponsor standardization of the new version of their XML - based formats through Ecma International as `` Office Open XML '' .
Earl Weaver Baseball is a baseball computer game ( 1987 ) , designed by Don Daglow and Eddie Dombrower and published by Electronic Arts .
Super Ghouls ' n Ghosts , originally released in Japan as Chōmakaimura ( 超魔界村 Ultra Demon World Village ) , is a side - scrolling platform game produced by Capcom originally released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1991 .
Solitaire Royale is a computer game published by Spectrum HoloByte in 1987 for the Apple IIGS , DOS , Macintosh and Amiga .
Outwars is a military science fiction selectable perspective tactical shooter developed by SingleTrac and published by Microsoft in 1998 .
Too Human is an action role - playing game developed by Canadian developer Silicon Knights and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 in 2008 .
Cold Fear is a 2005 survival horror third - person shooter video game developed by Darkworks and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 2 , Xbox and Microsoft Windows .
Fighting Bujutsu , known in Japan as Fighting Wu - Shu ( FIGHTING武術 ( ファイティングうーしゅ ) lit . `` Martial Fighting '' ) is an August 1997 3D fighting arcade game developed and published by Konami .
Pit Pot is a video game developed and manufactured by Sega for the Master System .
California Games is a 1987 Epyx sports video game for many home computers and video game consoles .
3D World Atlas is a virtual globe program developed by the Cosmi Corporation .
Battle Lode Runner is a video game based on the Lode Runner series of games , originally released for the NEC PC Engine by Hudson Soft in 1993 .
The Dig is a point - and - click adventure game developed by LucasArts and released in 1995 as a CD - ROM for PC and Macintosh computers .
The Chaos Engine 2 is a top - down shooter video game , and sequel to The Chaos Engine , released for the Amiga in 1996 and developed by The Bitmap Brothers .
Worms Crazy Golf is a 2011 action game developed by Team17 .
Take On Mars ( TKOM ) is a simulation video game for Windows that is being developed by Bohemia Interactive .
Smash Court Tennis 3 is a tennis video game for the PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360 by Namco Bandai Games .
Palace of Magic is a computer game released in 1987 for the Acorn Electron and BBC Micro by Superior Software .
Kickle Cubicle , known in Japan as Meikyūjima ( 迷宮島 , lit . `` Labyrinth Island '' or `` Maze Island '' ) , is a puzzle game developed by Irem for the arcades in 1988 and then ported to Nintendo Entertainment System in 1990 .
Formula One Arcade is a racing video game developed by Studio 33 and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation .
Gradius Advance is a horizontally scrolling shooter handheld video game developed by Mobile21 and published by Konami in 2001 .
Ping Pals is a chat / accessory program developed by WayForward Technologies and published by THQ for the Nintendo DS . It was released on December 8 , 2004 in North America .
Rescue at Rigel is a 1980 science fiction computer role - playing game written and published by Automated Simulations ( later known as Epyx ) , and later branded as part of the Starquest series .
WorldsAway was an English version of Fujitsu and LucasArts ' Habitat for the Commodore 64 .
Bit . Trip Core , marketed as BIT.TRIP CORE , is an arcade - style rhythm game developed by Gaijin Games and published by Aksys Games for the Wii 's WiiWare download service .
Vectorman is a series of run and gun platform games developed by BlueSky Software and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis .
Super Glove Ball is a game made by Rare in 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System , specifically designed to be played with the Power Glove controller .
Object Desktop ( OD ; previously the Object Desktop Network or ODNT ) is an online software subscription service created by Stardock for OS/2 and relaunched for Windows in 1997 .
This was primarily due to the increased usage of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer web browser software , and partly because the Netscape Corporation ( later purchased by AOL ) did not sustain Netscape Navigator 's technical innovation after the late 1990s .
Creatures 2 is the second game in the Creatures artificial life game series made by Creature Labs , and the sequel to 1996 game Creatures .
Sid Meier 's Antietam ! is a real - time tactics computer game designed by Sid Meier , the co - founder of Firaxis Games , then was released in December 1999 by Electronic Arts .
The success of Shadowgate prompted ICOM Simulations to have Kemco / Seika port the other MacVenture titles to the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Cool Boarders 4 is a snowboarding video game developed by Idol Minds for the PlayStation .
PDC World Championship Darts 2009 is a sports video game , published by Oxygen and developed and designed by Rebellion Developments .
Alien Breed 3D is the fourth game in Team17 's Alien Breed franchise , a series of science - fiction - themed shooters largely inspired by the Alien films .
Disney 's Aladdin in Nasira 's Revenge is the Aladdin franchise platform game which was developed for the PlayStation and PC by Argonaut Games and distributed by Disney Interactive in 2001 .
Serif MoviePlus is video editing software created by Serif Europe that allows both professional and home users to edit digital video and digital images .
Empire Earth Mobile was written in Java form , and was developed by Vivendi instead of Stainless Steel Studios ( the makers of Empire Earth ) .
PlanetSide 2 is a free - to - play massively multiplayer online first - person shooter published by Daybreak Game Company and released on November 20 , 2012 .
Vexx is a 3D platforming video game developed by Acclaim Studios Austin and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the GameCube , PlayStation 2 and Xbox .
Earth Defense Force 2025 , known in Japan as Chikyû Boueigun 4 ( 地球防衛軍４ , lit . `` Earth Defense Forces 4 '' ) is a third - person shooter developed by Sandlot , and published by D3 Publisher , for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
Mortal Kombat is a video game franchise originally developed by Midway Games ' Chicago studio in 1992 .
TaskMaker is a role - playing video game for the Macintosh developed by Storm Impact .
Lost Empire is a 4X turn - based strategy video game developed by Pollux Gamelabs and released in June 2007 .
Developed by Large Animal Games , Bumper Stars was released on April 24 , 2007 on the social networking website Facebook .
Guardians of the ' Hood is a side scrolling beat 'em up released by Atari released in 1992 .
Phone Story is a satirical mobile video game conceived by Yes Lab activist Michael Pineschi and designed by Paolo Pedercini for Molleindustria with the stated aim of demonstrating what the developers refer to as `` the dark side of your favorite smart phone . ''
IRIS GL ( Integrated Raster Imaging System Graphics Library ) is a proprietary graphics API created by Silicon Graphics ( SGI ) in the early 1980s for producing 2D and 3D computer graphics on their IRIX - based IRIS graphical workstations .
Haunting Ground , known in Japan as Demento ( デメント ) , is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 in 2005 .
Electronic Arts announced in a press release that NFL Head Coach 09 would be available in the Madden NFL 09 20th Anniversary Collector 's Edition , claiming , `` If we shipped Head Coach alone , it would be a full - priced SKU .
Sogou , Inc. is a subsidiary of Sohu , Inc. founded on 9 August 2010 .
Fortnite is an upcoming survival video game , developed by People Can Fly and Epic Games , who will also publish the game .
Dash of Destruction ( also known as Doritos Dash of Destruction ) is a racing advergame developed by independent software developer NinjaBee for the Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Arcade service .
Dr. Mario 64 is a Mario tile - matching action puzzle video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 .
Donald in Maui Mallard , known as Maui Mallard in Cold Shadow in North America , is a platforming video game developed and published by Disney Interactive .
Guardian 's Crusade , known in Japan as Knight & Baby ( ナイトアンドベイビー Naito ando Beibī ) , is a role - playing video game developed by Tamsoft and released for the PlayStation by Activision in 1999 .
Fassa Bortolo ( 2000 - -2005 ) was a professional road bicycle racing team founded in 2000 and led by Giancarlo Ferretti .
Otechestvennye Zapiski ( Отечественные записки , variously translated as `` Annals of the Fatherland '' , `` Patriotic Notes '' , `` Notes of the Fatherland '' , etc ) was a Russian literary magazine published in Saint Petersburg on a monthly basis between 1818 and 1884 .
Wetzlar became a Free Imperial City and kept this distinction until 1803 .
Additionally , Executive Outcomes was actively engaged in providing input into the formulation of the bill which became known as `` Regulation of Foreign Military Assistance Act '' in 1998 .
In 1758 , the Province of Georgia was divided into eight parishes , and another four parishes were partitioned in 1765 ; in 1777 , the original eight counties of the State of Georgia were created .
Waldburg - Wolfegg was a partition of Waldburg - Wolfegg - Zeil and was repartitioned in 1667 , creating Waldburg - Waldsee , which annexed Waldburg - Wolfegg in 1798 and became the principality of Waldburg - Wolfegg and Waldsee .
The term Champa refers to a collection of independent Cham polities that extended across the coast of what is today central and southern Vietnam from approximately the 7th century through 19th century ( 1832 ) , before being absorbed and annexed by the Vietnamese state .
In 1824 , on the death of Prince Heinrich LIV of Reuss - Lobenstein , Count Heinrich LXXII of Reuss - Ebersdorf succeeded him and took the title Prince of Reuss - Lobenstein - Ebersdorf .
In 1809 Saxe - Weimar and Saxe - Eisenach , which had been united only in the person of the duke , were formally merged into the Duchy of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach .
Bangor Punta Corp. ( traded on the NYSE under the symbol BNK ) was an American conglomerate and Fortune 500 Company in existence from 1964 to 1984 .
In June 2005 , NDO was sold again ( for the fifth time ) to the Namesco Group but did n't survive until its 10th anniversary as an Internet company .
Vestron Video was the main subsidiary of Vestron , Inc. , a home video company based in Stamford , Connecticut that was active from 1981 to 1992 .
The Kunduz Trauma Centre was a hospital operated by Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) in Kunduz , Afghanistan from 29 August 2011 until 3 October 2015 when it was destroyed in an airstrike by a United States Air Force AC-130U gunship .
Effective 29 September 2013 , CNH Global N.V. and Fiat Industrial S.p . A. were merged into CNH Industrial N.V. CNH 's scope included integrated engineering , manufacturing , marketing and distribution of equipment on five continents .
Following a review by Christopher Haskins , Baron Haskins of Skidby of several Government organisations involved in rural policy and delivery , the Natural Environment and Rural Communities Act 2006 merged those parts of the Countryside Agency charged with environmental activity with English Nature and parts of the Rural Development Service to form Natural England .
The History of the T'ang asserts that shortly after 706 the country was split into Land Chenla and Water Chenla .
In 1989 , Hasbro and Canada based SLM Action Sports Inc. purchased Coleco 's assets .
The last Abbot of Rot an der Rot Abbey was Nikolaus Betscher ( 1789 - -1803 ) whose compositions are reminiscent of the church music composed by his contemporaries Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
The Socialist Republic of Romania ( Romanian : Republica Socialistă România , RSR ) was a one - party socialist state that existed officially from 1947 to 1989 .
The Samanid Empire ( Persian : سامانیان‎‎ , Sāmāniyān ) , also known as the Samanid dynasty , Samanid Emirate , or simply Samanids , was a Sunni Iranian empire , ruling from 819 to 999 .
In 1967 , the Ministry of Aviation merged into the Ministry of Technology which took on the supply of military aircraft , while regulatory responsibilities were switched to the Board of Trade .
La'am ( Hebrew : לע``ם‎ , lit . For the Nation ) was a political faction in Israel that formed part of Likud between 1976 and 1984 .
The Alfgang was a short - lived Danish automobile , manufactured in Silkeborg by M. Alfgang from 1912 to 1914 .
Der Fels ( English : The Rock ) was group of German Expressionist artists that existed from around 1920 to 1927 .
Grapus was a collective of graphic artists , working together between 1970 and 1991 , which sought to combine excellence of design with a social conscience .
The German Student Union ( German : Deutsche Studentenschaft , abbreviated DSt ) from 1919 until 1945 , was the merger of the general student committees of all German universities , including Danzig , Austria and the former German universities in Czechoslovakia .
The Diet of Finland ( Finnish Suomen maapäivät , later valtiopäivät ; Swedish Finlands Lantdagar ) , was the legislative assembly of the Grand Duchy of Finland from 1809 to 1906 and the recipient of the powers of the Swedish Riksdag of the Estates .
The Rhenish Republic ( German : Rheinische Republik ) was proclaimed at Aachen ( Aix - la - Chapelle ) in October 1923 during the occupation of the Ruhr by troops from France and Belgium ( January 1923 -- 1925 ) .
A successor club which claims rights to Izola 's honours and records was established in 1996 under the name MNK Izola .
The Orange River Sovereignty ( 1848 - -1854 ) was a short - lived political entity between the Orange and Vaal rivers in southern Africa .
David Mirvish Gallery was a contemporary , commercial art gallery run by David Mirvish from 1963 to 1978 , within the Markham Street art community on Mirvish Village in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
After formation of Pakistan , the party was renamed to Muslim League ( Pakistan ) which came to an end soon after Muhammad Ali Jinnah 's death on the first martial law in 1958 .
Parkindo ( Indonesian : Partai Kristen Indonesia , Indonesian Christian Party ) was a political party in Indonesia from 1950 to 1973 .
The County of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Sayn - Altenkirchen ended when it was mediatised to Nassau - Weilburg in 1803 .
In 1984 FABRAP merged with Atlanta engineering firm Rosser White Hobbs Davidson McClellan Kelly to form Rosser Fabrap International .
The Kruševo Republic was a short - lived political entity proclaimed in 1903 by rebels from the Secret Macedonian - Adrianople Revolutionary Organization ( IMARO ) in Kruševo during the Ilinden--
As of early April 2014 , discussions have been held with a UK - based consortium , CMMW , to take over Wiesmann and resume production .
On January 24 , 2007 , developer MumboJumbo announced the acquisition of Ritual Entertainment .
In January 2009 , PlanetOut Inc. announced plans to merge with Here Networks LLC and Regent Entertainment Media , Inc. ;
New United Motor Manufacturing , Inc. ( NUMMI ) was an automobile manufacturing company in Fremont , California , jointly owned by General Motors and Toyota that opened in 1984 and closed in 2010 .
Moskvityanin ( Москвитянин , `` The Muscovite '' ) was a monthly literary review published by Mikhail Pogodin in Moscow between 1841 and 1856 .
Da Chu ( Chinese : 大楚 ; literally : `` Great Chu '' ) was a short - lived Chinese dynasty in 1127 ruled by Zhang Bangchang ( 張邦昌 ; 1081 - -1127 ) , a puppet emperor enthroned with the support of the Jurchen Jin dynasty ( 1115 - -1234 ) .
The Kanije Eyalet existed until the capture of Kanije by Habsburg Monarchy in 1690 .
The Service de Documentation Extérieure et de Contre - Espionnage ( English : External Documentation and Counter - Espionage Service , SDECE ) was France 's external intelligence agency from 6 November 1944 to 2 April 1982 when it was replaced by the Direction Générale de la Sécurité Extérieure ( DGSE ) .
The Cleveland Tate Stars were a baseball team in the Negro National League in 1922 .
The United Arab States ( UAS ) was a short - lived confederation of the United Arab Republic ( Egypt and Syria ) and North Yemen from 1958 to 1961 .
The Białystok Department ( German : Kammerdepartement Bialystok , Polish : Departament białostocki ) was part of the New East Prussia Province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1795 to 1807 .
Tiger Aircraft LLC was an American aircraft manufacturer from 1999 to 2006 based in Martinsburg , West Virginia , United States .
Holstein - Rendsburg is the name of a county that existed from 1290 to 1459 , ruled by a line of the Schauenburg family .
Western Power Corporation ( WPC ) , owned by the Government of Western Australia , was Western Australia 's major electricity supplier from 1995 through 2006 .
Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo tarnobrzeskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975 - 1998 , superseded in parts by Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Swietokrzyskie Voivodeship and Lublin Voivodeship .
In 2013 , Aerojet was merged by GenCorp with the former Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne to form Aerojet Rocketdyne .
British Guiana ( also spelled Guyana ) was the name of the British colony on the northern coast of South America , since 1966 known as the independent nation of Guyana .
Siemens Communications , was the communications and information business arm of German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG , before 2006 .
Born on 13 July 1909 , Herbert Squire was educated at Bedford School and at Balliol College , Oxford , where he read Mathematics .
Charles Aleyn ( died about 1640 ) , a historical poet in the reign of Charles I , was of Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge ; became usher to the celebrated Thomas Farnaby , at his school , in Goldsmith 's Rents , and afterwards tutor to Sir Edward Sherburne , himself a poet .
The son of Russian - born Australian painter George Lambert , Constant Lambert was educated at Christ 's Hospital and the Royal College of Music .
After studying with Aaron Siskind , Joseph Jachna , Arthur Siegel , and Wynn Bullock at the IIT Institute of Design in 1965 , Dan McCormack started graduate school in 1968 at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , where he began photographing the nude .
Leslie Robin Medforth - Mills ( 8 December 1942 -- 2 February 2002 ) was a professor of geography at the University of Durham and a former United Nations official .
After graduating with a degree in political science in De La Salle University , Benedict Campos decided he was going to be an actor .
Tom Strickland was born in Texas but attended Louisiana State University where he took a degree in English literature , with honors , and played football .
Nigel Griffiths was educated at Hawick High School in the Scottish Borders before attending the University of Edinburgh where he was awarded an MA in 1977 .
Cheng Ch'ing - wen ( Chinese : 鄭清文 ; born September 16 , 1932 ) , is a Taiwanese writer and a graduate of National Taiwan University .
Brigadier Charles Wilbraham Watson Ford ( 1896 - 1972 ) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War II . He was educated at Cheltenham College and the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
Christoph Gerber is a titular professor at the Department of Physics , University of Basel , Switzerland .
Alexander Rabinowitch ( born 30 August 1934 in London ) is Professor Emeritus of History , Indiana University , Bloomington , where he taught from 1968 until 1999 , and Affiliated Research Scholar , St. Petersburg Institute of History , Russian Academy of Sciences since 2013 .
Robert R. Ruffolo , Jr. was born in April 1950 , in Yonkers , N.Y. He had Bachelor of Science in pharmacy , 1973 , Ohio State University ;
Peter Bloom is the Grace Jarcho Ross 1933 Professor of Humanities at Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts .
Fred R. Gowans ( born 1936 ) is an emeritus professor at Brigham Young University who specializes in the fur trade in the American West .
Otto von Friesen ( born 11 May 1870 in Kulltorp , died 10 September 1942 ) was a linguist , runologist and professor of the Swedish language at Uppsala University from 1906 - 1935 .
Born at Ecatepec de Morelos in Mexico State , Eruviel Ávila Villegas has a Law Bachelor 's degree from the Universidad Tecnológica de México ( UNITEC ) , and a Master 's and Doctor 's degree from the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) .
Karl Mayreder studied from 1872 to 1877 at the Vienna University of Technology , where he was a student of Heinrich von Ferstel and later an assistant to Carl König .
Kalonzo Musyoka graduated with a Bachelor of Law degree from the University of Nairobi in 1977 .
Tom Kahn was a civil libertarian who `` ran for president of the Student Organization of Erasmus Hall High School in 1955 on a platform calling for the destruction of the student assembly , because it had no power '' , an election he lost .
John Gray McKendrick was born in Old Machar , Aberdeen in 1841 and went on the study at the University of Aberdeen and the University of Edinburgh before graduating in 1864 as a MB ChB.
Born in the village of Engandiyur , in Thrissur district of Kerala , as the son of Chulliparambil Sankunni Nair and Puthur Janaki Amma , Unnikrishnan Puthur studied at the Chavakkad Board School and Government Victoria College , Palakkad .
Henry M. Black ( January 15 , 1827-August 5 , 1893 ) was a United States Army officer who served as Commandant of Cadets at the United States Military Academy .
Gordon Rice was born on 27 September 1933 in Los Angeles , California and educated at Los Angeles City College , University of California at Berkeley , U.C.L.A. , and the University of Hawaii ( MFA ) .
Seven Mary Three formed in 1992 when Jason Ross and Jason Pollock met while attending The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Charles Kittel studied at the University of Cambridge , England , where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) in 1938 .
Philip J. Hanlon ( born 1955 ) is an American mathematician , computer scientist , and educator who serves as the 18th President of Dartmouth College , his tenure beginning on June 10 , 2013 .
Kas Oosterhuis is professor at the Faculty of Architecture , Delft University of Technology , as well as director of Hyperbody and the Protospace Laboratory for Collaborative Design and Engineering .
Zane Buzby grew up in New York and graduated with honors from Hofstra University with degrees in Performance and Dramatic Literature .
Kathryn Reiss was born in Massachusetts , grew up in Ohio , and received B.A. degrees in English and German from Duke University , and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing from the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
John Finklea , a native of Florence , South Carolina , earned his B.S. from Davidson College at Davidson , N.C. , and his M.D. from the Medical University of South Carolina .
Rafael Argullol Murgadas ( Catalan pronunciation : ( rəˈfɛɫ ərɣuˈʎɔɫ ) ) ( Barcelona 1949 ) is a Catalan Spanish writer , philosopher , poet and professor of aesthetics at Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona .
Jiří Pernes helds lectures at the Masaryk University in Brno and at the Jan Evangelista Purkyně University in Ústí nad Labem .
Asle Toje was educated at universities in Oslo and Tromsø before going on to study international relations ( Dr. Phil . ) at Pembroke College , Cambridge where he graduated in 2006 .
Bobst Boy is the nickname of Steven Stanzak ( born January 25 , 1984 ) , a New York University student who spent eight months living in the basement of the school 's Bobst Library from September 2003 to April 2004 .
Judy Corbalis is a novelist and short - story writer from New Zealand She graduated from the University of East Anglia in 1991 .
Nicholas Budgen was educated at St Edward 's School in Oxford and Corpus Christi College , Cambridge .
Duane Stephen Long , also known as D. Stephen Long , ( PhD Duke University ) is Professor of Systematic Theology at Marquette University who specializes in systematic theology , Christian ethics , and political theology .
Bruce Eisenstein is an engineering educator serving as the Arthur J. Rowland Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Vice Dean of the College of Engineering at Drexel University .
Born on 21 December 1909 and educated at Bedford School , Raymond Hawkins joined the Royal Navy in 1927 , serving aboard HMS Iron Duke in 1932 and aboard HMS Resolution in 1933 .
William York Tindall ( 1903 - -1981 ) was an American James Joyce scholar with a long and distinguished teaching career at Columbia University .
Educated at Hansraj College University of Delhi , and AJK , Mass Communication Research Centre Jamia Millia Islamia Prashant Pandey had a brief stint as a journalist for ANI - REUTERS and later as a creative head with Zee tv talent hunt SAREGAMAPA
Doug Naysmith was born in Musselburgh , Scotland , and attended the local Burgh School before attending the independent George Heriot 's School in Edinburgh .
Joshua Packwood , at the age of 22 , became the first white valedictorian of Morehouse College , a historically black college , in 2008 .
Laurence Spitters , who retired from Memorex in 1974 , received an honorary degree from Santa Clara University and a Distinguished Alumni Award from Western Michigan University .
Ekrem Buğra Ekinci was graduated from the Faculty of Law of Ankara University in 1987 .
Avni Spahiu graduated from University of Pristina in 1986 , with a degree in Literature .
Henry T. Wright is the Albert Clanton Spaulding Distinguished University Professor of Anthropology in the Department of Anthropology , and Curator of Near Eastern Archaeology in the Museum of Anthropology at the University of Michigan .
Alden Jenks was born in Michigan and received a B.A. from Yale University and an M.A. from the University of California , Berkeley .
Partha Sen was a Professor of Economics at Delhi School of Economics .
Mahendra Mehta holds a BE degree in Mechanical Engineering from the MBM Engineering College , University of Jodhpur ( now known as Jai Narain Vyas University ) , Jodhpur and an MBA from the IIM Ahmedabad , India .
Buck Henry attended The Choate School ( now Choate Rosemary Hall ) and Dartmouth College , where he met Bob Rafelson , and also worked on the Dartmouth Jack - O - Lantern humor magazine .
The son of poets George Barker and Elizabeth Smart , Sebastian Barker was educated at The King 's School , Canterbury , Corpus Christi , Oxford ( MA ) , and at the University of East Anglia ( MA ) .
Bengt Nordén graduated 1967 with a Master of Science degree in chemistry , theoretical physics and mathematics from Lund University and was awarded his Ph.D. in 1971 from Lund University where he became Associate Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1972 .
Kyle Johansen holds a Bachelor of Arts in Elementary Education from Washington State University .
Florence Kenyon Hayden Rector ( 1882 - 1973 ) is known as the first licensed female architect in the state of Ohio , entering Ohio State University in 1901 .
Alice Tepper Marlin earned her bachelor 's degree in Economics in 1966 from Wellesley College , and studied at the NYU Graduate School of Business Administration .
In college , Karylle took up B.S. Management major in Communications Technology Management at the Ateneo de Manila University , where she made to the Dean 's list and graduated in year 2002 .
Andrey Melnichenko finished the Boarding School of the Specialized Education and Research Centre under the auspices of the Lomonosov Moscow State University , formerly known as the Boarding School at Kolmogorov Physics - and - Mathematics School # 18 .
Deirdre Imus graduated from Villanova University and is Roman Catholic .
The same First World War forces Alfred Renard to suspend his study at the Université libre de Bruxelles and the `` Faculté des sciences appliquées '' , just at a time when aviation makes great progress .
Alan Bundy was educated as a Mathematician , obtaining an honours degree in Mathematics in 1968 from the University of Leicester and a PhD in Mathematical Logic in 1971 , also from Leicester .
After finishing the high school at TED Ankara College in 1983 , Erdem Başçı was educated in electrical engineering at the Middle East Technical University ( ODTÜ ) , and graduated 1987 with a bachelor 's degree .
Sebastian Doniach received a B.A. from Christ 's College , Cambridge in 1954 and a Ph.D. from the University of Liverpool with Herbert Fröhlich in 1958 .
Ron Alting received his BS from Purdue University .
Izydor Jabłoński ( born February 7 , 1865 in Kraków , died November 13 , 1905 therein ) was a Polish painter , professor at the Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków , friend and biographer of Jan Matejko .
Masha Ma received her M.A. in Women 's Wear from Central Saint Martins in 2008 .
Asa Mahan graduated from Hamilton College in 1824 , and from Andover Theological Seminary in 1827 .
Sir Francis Richard Fraser ( February 14 , 1885 - October 2 , 1964 ) was born in Edinburgh , Scotland , to Sir Thomas Richard Fraser , the Professor of Materia Medica at the University of Edinburgh and member of the Royal Society , and Susanna Margaret Duncan .
Lynn Shaler studied printmaking at the University of Michigan and subsequently received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the Pratt Institute .
Born at Ingleston near Twynholm in Kirkcudbrightshire and educated at George Watson 's College and Edinburgh University , Carlyle Gifford trained with the firm of W.S. Cook and became a Writer to the Signet in 1905 .
Norman Adrian Wiggins ( February 6 , 1924 -- August 1 , 2007 ) was the third president of Campbell University in Buies Creek , North Carolina .
The son of Floyd Clement Aldrich and his wife Ann Hanley , Virgil Aldrich earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Ohio Wesleyan University in 1925 .
William R. Hough is a prominent investment banker and is known for being the most generous benefactor of the University of Florida .
Campbell Adamson was sent to Rugby School , and then went up to Corpus Christi College , Cambridge where he read economics under John Maynard Keynes .
Logan Feland was born in Hopkinsville , Kentucky on August 18 , 1869 , he received a B.A. in Architecture from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1892 .
Andrew Hatch ( born July 18 , 1986 ) is a football player and baseball player who has played collegiately for both Harvard University and Louisiana State University .
Thomas Gamble Pitcher ( October 23 , 1824 -- October 21 , 1895 ) was a career American soldier who served as the Superintendent of the United States Military Academy from 1866 until 1870 .
Dr. Lester Grinspoon ( born June 24 , 1928 ) is Associate Professor Emeritus of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School .
Allan Boardman is Professorial Research Fellow at the University of Salford and holds a Doctor of Science degree from the University of Durham UK .
Luc Lafortune studied at Dawson College , and then McGill University , where he obtained a bachelor 's degree in Arts .
Chris de Souza is a Graduate in Music from Bristol University ( 1966 ) and a Graduate of the Directors '' Course of the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School .
Reza Banakar is an Iranian - born Professor of Legal Sociology at Lund University , Sweden .
Luigi Ambrosio ( born 1963 ) is a professor at Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa , Italy .
Tami Bond received a Bachelor of Science Degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Washington in 1993 .
Nadia Abu El Haj ( born 1962 ) is an American academic with a Ph . D in Anthropology from Duke University .
After earning his B.S. in Audiovisual Communications from Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona ( 2006 ) , Lluís Galter has written and directed several short films , two of them during his stay at the Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague ( FAMU ) .
Jeremy Wafer was born in Durban in 1953 , to Laura and Michael Wafer , grew up in Nkwalini , Zululand , and studied at the University of Natal , Pietermaritzburg ( B.A Fine Art 1979 ) and at the University of the Witwatersrand ( B.A. Hons . in Art History 1980 and M.A. Fine Art 1987 ) .
Anthony Vincent Genovese was born on February 25 , 1932 in Union City , New Jersey , he earned his Bachelor of Architecture from the University of Notre Dame in 1955 and earned his Master of Fine Arts in architecture from Princeton University in 1957 .
Anthony Bebbington ( born 1962 ) is a geographer , professor and Director of the Graduate School of Geography , Clark University , USA .
Auguste Mercier entered the École Polytechnique at the age of 19 in 1852 , and came 4th in a class of 106 .
Kenny G attended Whitworth Elementary School , Sharples Junior High School , Franklin High School , and the University of Washington , all in his home town of Seattle .
Paul J. Hoeper was educated at Princeton University , receiving a B.S.E. in Basic Engineering in 1968 .
Samuel Lodge was born at Barking , Essex , a son of the Rev. Oliver Lodge ( 1764 - 1845 ) ( latterly rector of Elsworth , Cambridgeshire ) , and was educated at Huntingdon Grammar School and Lincoln College , Oxford .
In 1985 , Timon Screech received a BA in Oriental Studies ( Japanese ) at the University of Oxford .
Martin Robertson , as he was always known , attended the Leys School and Trinity College , Cambridge .
Kidlat Tahimik studied at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , earning a Master in Business Administration , and worked as a researcher for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) in Paris from 1968 to 1972 .
Honora Josephine Yvonne Scannell is Professor of Environmental Law in Trinity College , Dublin Law School , Ireland .
Ece Yaşar is s student at the sports academy of Hacettepe University in Ankara .
Charles Alexander McMurry ( 1857 - -1929 ) was an American educator , born at Crawfordsville , Ind. He graduated at the Illinois State Normal University in 1876 , and studied at the University of Michigan ( 1876 - -80 ) , and in Europe at Halle ( Ph.D. , 1887 ) and Jena .
Andrew Holtz has a Master of Public Health degree from the Oregon MPH program , and a BA from Stanford University .
Gwendolyn Wright attended New York University , and in 1969 received a BA in history and art history .
A native of Vilnius , Algirdas Šemeta graduated in 1985 from Vilnius University 's Faculty of Economic Cybernetics and Finance with a degree as economist - mathematician .
His elder brother was Lieutenant Colonel John Redner Bodington DSO MC , a soldier who served in World War I and World War II . Nicolas Bodington studied at Cheltenham College and ( for a year ) at Lincoln College , Oxford before becoming a journalist , working from 1930 onwards for the Daily Express .
Jennifer Kimball and Amherst College friend Jonatha Brooke began playing music together in the 1980s .
Leonid Alekseevich Kamarovsky ( March 15 , 1846 -- August 12 , 1912 , Леонид Алексеевич Камаровский ) was a professor of international law at Moscow State University .
Between 1971 and 1987 , while a senior professor at the Ohio State University , Charles Csuri founded the Computer Graphics Research Group , the Ohio Super Computer Graphics Project , and the Advanced Computing Center for Art and Design , dedicated to the development of digital art and computer animation .
Emanuel Borok serves on the violin faculty at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
Lawrence L. Lamade attended the Landon School , followed by Princeton University , receiving his B.A. in 1969 .
Cake Man Raven attended Johnson & Wales University and Brown University , both in Providence , Rhode Island .
A son of the Rev. Gavin Lang , parish minister at Glassford , Lanarkshire , Robert Hamilton Lang was born in Scotland in 1832 and received his schooling at the famous Hamilton Academy from which he entered the University of Glasgow .
Dr Alice Prochaska MA , DPhil , FRHistS ( born 12 July 1947 ) is Principal of Somerville College , Oxford .
Wesley Kingston Whitten ( 1 August 1918 - -24 May 2010 ) was a professor of reproductive biology at the Australian National University and later director of the Jackson Laboratory , Bar Harbor , Maine , USA .
Sri Edi Swasono ( born in Ngawi , East Java , September 16 , 1940 ) is a professor of economics at the University of Indonesia .
Ryszard Petru studied at the Faculty of Computer Science and Management of the Wrocław University of Technology , and graduated from the Warsaw School of Economics .
John Dunston studied Modern Foreign Languages at the University of Cambridge .
Martine Ouellet ( born April 8 , 1969 ) is a Canadian politician , who graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering from the McGill University and with an M.B.A from the HEC Montreal .
Richard Cory - Wright was educated at Eton College .
Abby Leach ( 1855 - -1918 ) was a Professor of Greek and Latin at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie , New York from 1883 until her death .
Jeremy Wieder ( born February 1971 ) is a rosh yeshiva at the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary of Yeshiva University , located in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan , New York .
Devin Deweese is a professor of Islamic and Central Eurasian Studies at Indiana University , Bloomington .
As a student at the Slade School of Fine Art from 1961 to 1963 Colin Self received encouragement for his drawings and collages from the artists David Hockney and Peter Blake .
Vicenç Navarro i López ( Gironella , Berguedà , Spain 1937 ) is a sociologist , and political scientist currently holding a chair in Social Sciences at the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona .
Son of the Yale University professor of history Leonard Woods Labaree and Elizabeth Mary Calkins , Benjamin Woods Labaree was raised in New Haven , Connecticut , and attended The Hotchkiss School .
John da Cunha was educated at Stonyhurst and read law at St John 's College , Cambridge .
Jacqueline van Rysselberghe Herrera ( born February 3 , 1965 in Chile ) is a Chilean politician and psychiatrist who graduated from the University of Concepción .
Alfred Beckley was appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point , nominated for West Point by William Henry Harrison and President James Monroe ; he entered on September 25 , 1819 , and graduated on July 1 , 1823 , ninth in a graduating class of 35 .
Nido Qubein is a businessman , motivational speaker , and President of High Point University since 2005 .
Andrew Schlafly received a B.S.E. in electrical engineering and certificate in engineering physics from Princeton University in late 1981 .
Benjamin Parry was educated at Trinity College , Dublin and Jesus College , Oxford before becoming a Fellow of Corpus Christi College , Oxford in 1654 .
Rashid Karami graduated from Cairo University with a law degree in the 1942 .
Brian Baschnagel attended The Ohio State University after graduating from North Allegheny High School .
Matthew Jay Lewis a British actor who trained at The Central School of Speech and Drama .
Aase Texmon Rygh has her education from the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry 1944 - 46 , and training at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen for Einar Utzon - Frank 1948 - 49 , and a trip to Paris in 1950 was important for the direction her artistic activities .
William Bentinck - Smith ( 1914 - -1993 ) was a Harvard University administrator and sometime editor of the Harvard Alumni Bulletin , known for his `` encyclopedic '' knowledge of Harvard 's history .
Alfred Romer was born in White Plains , New York , and studied at Amherst College achieving a Bachelor of Science Honours degree in Biology and Columbia University pursuing with a M.Sc in Biology and graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921 .
Guillermo Ortiz Martínez ( born July 21 , 1948 in Mexico City ) is the son of Gen. Leopoldo Ortiz Sevilla and Graciela Martínez Ostos and received a B.A. in Economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico and both a M.Sc .
Lawrence M. Baskir was born in Brooklyn , New York , receiving a A.B. , magna cum laude , from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University in 1959 followed by an LL.B. from Harvard Law School in 1962 .
Nick Burd attended the University of Iowa and received his MFA from The New School .
From 1963 to 1967 , Daniel Mora attended the Chorrillos Military School , specialising in engineering .
Eugene Aserinsky ( May 6 , 1921 -- July 22 , 1998 ) , a pioneer in sleep research , was a graduate student at University of Chicago in 1953 when he discovered REM sleep .
Vince Pazzetti ( January 1 , 1890 -- August 3 , 1972 ) was an American football player , graduating from Lehigh University in 1912 .
The son of R. W. Steggall , Charles Steggall was educated at Trinity College , Cambridge and then studied under William Sterndale Bennett at the Royal Academy of Music , where he subsequently became Professor of organ and harmony .
M. K. Raina graduated from National School of Drama in 1970 with Best actor award .
James Jupp was born in Croydon , England , and was educated at the London School of Economics between 1951 and 1956 .
Jake Rademacher is a 1997 graduate of the University of Notre Dame .
Thomas Fowle ( ca . 1530 -- after 1597 ) was a Church of England clergyman , Fellow of St John 's College , Cambridge , rector of Redgrave and Hinderclay , Suffolk , and prebendary of Norwich Cathedral .
Hemant Mahaur ( born 1976 ) is an alumnus of the National School of Drama and is an actor in the Hindi film industry .
Mark J. Roe is the David Berg Professor of Law at Harvard Law School , appointed in 2001 .
Francis Perrin was born in Paris and attended École Normale Supérieure in Paris .
Amelia Kyambadde holds the degree of Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA ) , from Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest institution of tertiary education , founded in 1922 .
Born in Labuan and raised in Kota Kinabalu , the capital of Sabah , Kelvin Teo did his high school at Kian Kok Middle School and undergraduate at National University of Singapore with a degree in Electrical Engineering .
A graduate of HEC Paris , Alain Cayzac began his career as an advertising agent in 1969 , before co - founding in 1972 the agency RSCG with Bernard Roux , Jacques Séguéla , and Jean - Michel Goudard .
The Rev. Samuel Colcord Bartlett ( November 25 , 1817 -- November 16 , 1898 ) was the president of Dartmouth College from 1877 - -1892 .
In 1988 Cecilia Alvear was one of twelve American journalists chosen for the prestigious Nieman Fellowship at Harvard University where she spent the academic year 1988 - 89 .
Charles Page Thomas Moore ( February 8 , 1831 -- July 7 , 1904 ) was a co - founder of the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity in 1852 at Jefferson College ( now Washington and Jefferson College ) in Canonsburg , Pennsylvania .
Terence Morrison - Scott was educated at Eton College , Christ Church , Oxford , and the Royal College of Science .
Carlos Castillo Peraza was a lawyer in the University of Fribourg , Switzerland , was a collaborator and contributor of many newspapers of the country and began like journalist of the El Diario de Yucatán .
Jay Bocook is a professional composer and arranger , and also the Director of Athletic Bands at Furman University in Greenville , South Carolina .
After transferring from Montgomery College to American University , Kelela began singing jazz standards at cafés .
Foster Jay Taylor , known as F. Jay Taylor ( August 9 , 1923 -- May 15 , 2011 ) , was a historian who served from 1962 to 1987 as the president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston in Lincoln Parish in north Louisiana .
Munir Pirmohamed studied Medicine at the University of Liverpool from 1980 to 1985 , Professor Pirmohamed then went on to study a PhD in Pharmacology in 1993 , and began working as a Consultant Physician at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital in 1996 .
Philemon Holland was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School , Chelmsford , before going on to Trinity College , Cambridge about 1568 , where he was tutored by John Whitgift , later Archbishop of Canterbury .
Dimitrios Pandermalis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Παντερμαλής , born 1940 ) , is a Professor of Archaeology at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki , supervisor of the Archaeological site of Dion , Pieria and curator of the new Acropolis Museum .
Neville Robinson was educated at The Leys School in Cambridge , England and Christ 's College , Cambridge , where he read Physics .
Artist Walter Midener ( 1912 - -1998 ) was born in Germany , studied at the Berlin Academy of Arts ( 1932 - -1936 ) , and received an Master of Arts ( M.A. ) from Wayne State University ( 1950 ) .
Born in England , Aamer Anwar moved to Scotland in 1986 to study mechanical engineering at the University of Glasgow for a future in the Royal Air Force .
Juan Requesens is a student leader at the Central University of Venezuela and a leader for student opposition protesters during the 2014 Venezuelan protests .
Joseph Cumming is a scholar of Islamic and Christian thought who serves as Pastor of the International Church at Yale University and works internationally as a consultant on Muslim - Christian and Muslim - Christian - Jewish relations .
Clara Antoinette McCarty Wilt ( 1858 - -1929 ) was the first graduate of the University of Washington and the first woman superintendent of the Pierce County School District .
Born Joseph Warren Platner in Baltimore , Maryland , he graduated from Cornell University with a degree in architecture in 1941 .
Mickey Vernon was born in Marcus Hook , Pennsylvania , and attended Villanova University , before making his major league debut on July 8 , 1939 .
Jacob K. Olupona received his BA from the University of Nigeria and his MA and PhD from Boston University .
John Holt Duncan ( 1820 - -1896 ) was one of eight founders of Beta Theta Pi , a prominent college fraternity founded at Miami University in 1839 and was its first president .
Ann C. Palmenberg is a professor of virology and biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
Sophie Cabot Black ( born 1958 ) is an American prize - winning poet who has taught creative writing at Columbia University .
As a young man Ayo Bankole studied in London at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama where he met the young drama student and poet Brian Edward Hurst .
Richard Howland ( 1540 - -1600 ) was an English churchman and academic , Master of Magdalene College , Cambridge , and of St John 's College , Cambridge , and bishop of Peterborough .
Eric Hardgrave ( born October 5 , 1960 in Fresno , California ) is a former professional baseball player who was an All - American college baseball player at Stanford University .
As a journalist , Maneka Gandhi made headlines for her shocking publication in Surya Magazine of photos showing sexual intercourse between Suresh Ram ( son of the then Defence Minister Babu Jagjivan Ram ) and Sushma Chaudhury , a University of Delhi student .
Pir Syed Muhammad Binyamin Rizvi received a degree in civil engineering from the G.C.T Government College of Technology , Lahore in 1980 , and a degree from Allama Iqbal Open University in Islamabad in 1981 .
Mack Barham received his undergraduate degree from the University of Colorado in Boulder , Colorado .
Tyrone Prothro ( born May 24 , 1984 ) is a former American football wide receiver who played for the University of Alabama between 2003 - -2005 .
Petr Nárožný attended Czech Technical University in Prague ( graduate in 1968 ) .
William H. Rogers , Jr. received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and an M.B.A. from Georgia State University .
Sudipta Kaviraj was a student of Political Science at the Presidency College of the University of Calcutta , where he was awarded a First Class First .
The son of John Henry Roskill , K.C. a barrister , and Sybil Dilke , Stephen Roskill was born in London , England and joined the Royal Navy in 1917 , attending the Royal Naval College at Osborne and then the Britannia Royal Naval College at Dartmouth .
Al - Mutawakkil III was deposed briefly in 1516 by his predecessor Al - Mustamsik , but was restored to the caliphate the following year .
A Thoroughbred daughter of the stallion Three Bars , Lena 's Bar was out of Lena Valenti , a granddaughter of Percentage .
Shwenankyawshin was born Min Swe to King Minkhaung II and Chief Queen Atula Thiri Dhamma Dewi on 22 September 1476 .
Adolf IX of Berg ( also referred to as Adolf VI ) ( c. 1280 -- 3 April 1348 ) was the eldest son of Henry of Berg , Lord of Windeck and Agnes of the Mark .
Adarsh Shastri is a son of Anil Shastri and Manju Shastri , and is married to Monika Shastri .
Ines Uusmann is the daughter of Thure G. Johansson , discoverer of the Bocksten Man .
Marc - Édouard Nabe ( born Alain Zannini , December 27 , 1958 in Marseille , France ) , is the only son of the Greek - Turkish - Italian jazz musician Marcel Zanini and Corsican mother Suzanne Zannini .
Agesilaus I ( /əˌdʒɛsəˈleɪəs/ ; Greek : Ἀγησίλαος ) , son of Doryssus , was the 6th king of the Agiad line at Sparta , excluding Aristodemus .
Prince Frederick of the Netherlands , Prince of Orange - Nassau ( full names : Willem Frederik Karel ; Berlin , 28 February 1797 -- Wassenaar , 8 September 1881 ) , was the second son of William I of the Netherlands and his wife , Wilhelmine of Prussia .
Hedwiga Reicher ( 12 June 1884 -- 2 September 1971 ) was a German actress , sister to actor Frank Reicher , and daughter to actor Emanuel Reicher .
Robert Kagan is the son of historian Donald Kagan , who is Sterling Professor of Classics and History at Yale University and a specialist in the history of the Peloponnesian War .
Antiochus XI Epiphanes or Philadelphus , ruler of the Greek Seleucid kingdom , was a son of Antiochus VIII Grypus and his wife Tryphaena .
Alcidice ( Gr . Ἀλκιδίκη ) was in Greek mythology the daughter of Aleus , king of Arcadia .
Harald Quandt ( 1 November 1921 -- 22 September 1967 ) was a German industrialist and son of industrialist Günther Quandt and Magda Behrend Rietschel .
Fiona Kennedy Clark , OBE , DL is a Scottish singer , actress , and broadcaster , and the daughter of Scottish and Gaelic singers Calum Kennedy and Anne Gillies .
Paul de Rémusat ( 17 November 1831 , Paris -- 22 January 1897 , Paris ) , son of the French politician Charles de Rémusat , became a distinguished journalist and writer .
Johann of Isenberg - Limburg , count of Limburg ( born before 1246 , died before 1277 ) , son of Dietrich I of Isenberg .
Tezcatlan Miyahuatzin was a daughter of Acacitli .
Patricia Heaton was born in Bay Village , Ohio , the daughter of Patricia ( née Hurd ) and Chuck Heaton , who was a sportswriter for the Plain Dealer .
Pharis was sired by Pharos who also sired `` one of the greatest racehorses of the Twentieth Century , '' Nearco , from Carissima ( three wins , second in French Oaks and dam of seven other winners ) by Clarissimus .
Johann III Bernoulli ( also known as Jean ; 4 November 1744 , Basel -- 13 July 1807 , Berlin ) , grandson of Johann Bernoulli , and son of Johann II Bernoulli .
Amiable 's sire , St. Simon , won the 1884 Ascot Gold Cup and was the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland for much of the 1890s and first decade of the 20th century .
Born in Kuala Lumpur on 14 June 1915 , Dato Loke Wan Tho was the 9th child of Loke Yew .
The son of former England captain Paul Ince , Tom Ince began his career with Liverpool , for whom he made his professional début in the 2010 - -11 season , coming on as a substitute in the Football League Cup .
Kotashaan was sired by Darshaan , winner of the 1984 French Derby and the Leading sire in France in 2003 .
Anthelea ( Greek : Ἀνθήλεια ) , in Greek mythology , is one of the Danaids , daughter of Danaus and Polyxo .
Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia ( Russian : О́льга Алекса́ндровна ; 13 June ( O.S. 1 June ) 1882 -- 24 November 1960 ) was the youngest child of Emperor Alexander III of Russia and younger sister of Tsar Nicholas II . She was raised at the Gatchina Palace outside Saint Petersburg .
Alexis Caswell Angell was born in Providence , Rhode Island to James Burrill Angell and Sarah Swope Caswell , and was named for his maternal grandfather , Alexis Caswell , who was to become President of Brown University .
Edward Poynings was the only son of Sir Robert Poynings ( c.1419 - -1461 ) and Elizabeth Paston ( 1429?--1487/8 ) , the only daughter of William Paston ( 1378 - -1444 ) .
Christopher Lekapenos or Lecapenus ( Greek : Χριστόφορος Λακαπηνός ) was the eldest son of Emperor Romanos I Lekapenos ( r. 920 - -944 ) and co - emperor from 921 until his death in 931 .
Gallant Bloom ( foaled May 22 , 1966 -- died 1991 ) was a plain brown filly sired by the great Gallant Man , also a plain brown horse .
Bred by Canadian E. P. Taylor at his Windfields Farm Maryland division , Devil 's Bag was out of the mare Ballade and sired by Halo , making him a full brother to both the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Glorious Song and Arlington Classic winner and very successful sire Saint Ballado .
Peter Serkin was born in New York City and is the son of pianist Rudolf Serkin , and grandson of the influential violinist Adolf Busch , whose daughter Irene had married Rudolf Serkin .
Kaemsekhem was an Ancient Egyptian nobleman and probably the son of Crown Prince Kawab and Hetepheres II . He later served as the director of the royal palace .
William Gibson , 2nd Baron Ashbourne ( 16 December 1868 -- 21 January 1942 ) was born at 20 Upper Pembroke Street , Dublin to Edward Gibson , 1st Baron Ashbourne and Frances Maria Adelaide Colles ( a granddaughter of Abraham Colles and niece of John Dawson Mayne ) .
Crown Prince Yukou ( Chinese : 禦寇 ; pinyin : Yùkòu ; died 672 BC ) was the original heir apparent of Duke Xuan of Chen , the sixteenth ruler of the ancient Chinese state of Chen during the Spring and Autumn period .
George Tupou V ( Tongan : Siaosi Tupou , full name : Siaosi Tāufaʻāhau Manumataongo Tukuʻaho Tupou ; 4 May 1948 -- 18 March 2012 ) was the King of Tonga following the death of his father , Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV in 2006 , until his own death six years later .
John Seward Johnson I ( July 14 , 1895 -- May 23 , 1983 ) was one of the sons of Robert Wood Johnson I ( co - founder of Johnson & Johnson ) .
Günter Felke was born as the youngest son of the industrialist Michael Felke and his wife Maria in Laufersweiler ( State of Rhineland - Palatinate ) .
Princess Pingyang ( simplified Chinese : 平阳公主 ; traditional Chinese : 平陽公主 ; pinyin : Píngyáng Gōngzhǔ ) , formally Princess Zhao of Pingyang ( 平陽昭公主 ) ( 598 - 623 ) was the daughter of Emperor Gaozu of Tang ( Li Yuan ) , the founding emperor of the Tang Dynasty .
Harry Marks was born in London on 9 April 1855 , a younger child of David Woolf Marks and his wife Cecilia .
Christian Louis de Massy ( born 17 January 1949 in Monaco ) is the son of Princess Antoinette of Monaco , Baroness de Massy , and her husband , international tennis champion Alexandre - Athenase Noghès .
Giannis Vardinogiannis ( Greek : Γιάννης Βαρδινογιάννης , born 7 April 1962 ) is a Greek billionaire oil entrepreneur and a shipping magnate , the eldest son of tycoon Vardis Vardinogiannis .
Jane Bewick ( 1787 - -1881 ) was the eldest daughter of the wood engraver Thomas Bewick by his wife Isabella .
Paul Schneider - Esleben was born in 1915 in Düsseldorf to Elisabeth and Franz Schneider - Esleben , an architect .
Winter Memories was sired by El Prado , who also sired Paddy O'Prado .
Teenoso was the best horse sired by Youth , the winner of the Prix du Jockey Club Washington D.C. International in 1976 .
Alice Clere ( died 1538 ) was the daughter of Sir William Boleyn and his wife Margaret Ormond ( otherwise Butler ) , the daughter and co - heiress of Thomas Butler , 7th Earl of Ormond .
Pål Erik Ulvestad is the brother of the Burnley player Fredrik and Aalesund player Dan Peter Ulvestad , and son of the former footballer Rune Ulvestad .
During his reign , the Cheng Han state continued the deterioration that occurred through his father Li Shou 's reign , and in 347 , Li Shi 's forces failed against the Jin expedition force commanded by Huan Wen .
Matthew Karatz was born to a Jewish family , the son of former KB Home chairman and CEO , Bruce Karatz and his first wife Janet Dreisen .
Abraham Van Buren ( November 27 , 1807 -- March 15 , 1873 ) was the eldest son of the eighth President of the United States , Martin Van Buren ( Republican - Democrat ) and his wife , Hannah Hoes Van Buren .
According to some sources Paul Mactire 's father was Leod Macgilleandrais .
The second eldest son of Illinois pioneer Charles Gratiot , Sr . and Victoire Chouteau , Henry Gratiot was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
Wriothesley Russell , 2nd Duke of Bedford KG ( 1 November 1680 -- 26 May 1711 ) was the son of William Russell , Lord Russell , and his wife Lady Rachel Wriothesley .
William de Brus , 3rd Lord of Annandale ( died 16 July 1212 ) , was the second but eldest surviving son of Robert de Brus , 2nd Lord of Annandale .
Staurakios or Stauracius ( Greek : Σταυράκιος ; died January 11 , 812 ) was Byzantine Emperor from July 26 to October 2 , 811 in succession to his father , Nikephoros I , who had fallen at the Battle of Pliska .
Emich , 5th Prince of Leiningen ( German : Emich Eduard Carl Fürst zu Leiningen ; 18 January 1866 -- 18 July 1939 ) was the son of Ernst Leopold , 4th Prince of Leiningen .
Top Ville was a dark - coated bay horse with a white star and a white sock on his left hind leg bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV . He was sired by High Top , who won the 2000 Guineas in 1972 and later became a successful breeding stallion .
Richard Bevan was born on 22 August 1788 at Swallowfield , Berkshire His father , Silvanus Bevan III , was a banker .
Muhtar Kent was born in 1952 in New York City , where his father , Necdet Kent , was the consul - general of Turkey .
According to Isidore of Seville , Remismund was a son of Maldras .
Dora Maar was born Henriette Theodora Marković on November 22 , 1907 in Paris ; her father , Josip Marković , was a Croatian architect , her mother , née Julie Voisin , was of a French Catholic family from Tours .
Maria Shukshina was born in Moscow to the family of famous Russian writer , film director and actor Vasily Shukshin and Russian film actress Lidiya Fedoseyeva - Shukshina .
Piers FitzThomas Butler of Duiske ( died 1601 ) , was the illegitimate son of Thomas Butler , 10th Earl of Ormond .
Zafonic was sired by the Mr. Prospector stallion Gone West , out of the Seaton Delaval Stakes winner Zaizafon , a daughter of The Minstrel .
Seleucus VI Epiphanes Nikator ( Greek : Σέλευκος ΣΤ΄ ) , ruler of the Hellenistic Seleucid kingdom , was the oldest son of Antiochus VIII Grypus and his wife Tryphaena .
Turkhan was a bay horse bred in the United Kingdom by his owner Aga Khan III . He was sired by the Aga Khan ' stallion Bahram the winner of the Triple Crown in 1935 .
Amon of Judah ( Hebrew : אָמוֹן‎ ; Greek : Αμων ; Latin : Amon ) was a 7th - century BC King of Judah who , according to the biblical account , succeeded his father Manasseh of Judah .
Hans Cranach ( ca . 1513 - 1537 ) , also known as Johann Lucas Cranach , was a German painter , the oldest son of Lucas Cranach the Elder .
James Butler of Duiske was a younger son of James Butler , 9th Earl of Ormond and Lady Joan Fitzgerald .
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy ( August 7 , 1963 -- August 9 , 1963 ) was the last child of United States President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy .
Somdet Chaofa Prajadhipok Sakdidej was born on 8 November 1893 in Bangkok , Siam ( now Thailand ) to King Chulalongkorn and Queen Saovabha Bongsri .
Eilene Hannan was born in Melbourne , the daughter of lawyers , George Hannan and his wife Eileen née Williams .
Daciana Sârbu is the daughter of Ilie Sârbu , a PSD member who served as Minister of Agriculture in the Adrian Năstase cabinet and held the same position in the Emil Boc cabinet .
Mauger of Hauteville ( also Latin Malgerius or Italian Maugerio ) was a younger ( probably the second ) son of Tancred of Hauteville by his second wife , Fressenda .
Spock , commonly Mr. Spock ( sometimes popularly referred to as : Spock , son of Sarek ) , is a fictional character in the Star Trek media franchise .
Khufu was the second pharaoh of the 4th dynasty ; he followed his possible father , king Sneferu , on the throne .
Felicia of Roucy ( c. 1060 -- 3 May 1123 ) was a daughter of Hilduin IV of Montdidier and his wife Alice of Roucy .
Prince Narai was born in 1633 to King Prasat Thong and his Princess Sirithida ( Thai : ศิริธิดา ) , who was a daughter of Songtham .
Prince Vajiravudh was born on 1 January 1880 to Chulalongkorn and one of his four queens , Saovabha .
Mary Hoyt Wiborg was born on January 28 , 1888 , to Frank Bestow Wiborg in Cincinnati .
Mariana Valadão is the daughter of the Pastor Márcio Valadão and Renata Valadão , pastors and founders of the Lagoinha Baptist Church .
Ellen Anckarsvärd was the daughter of the architect Per Axel Nyström .
William Parr , 1st Marquess of Northampton , 1st Earl of Essex and 1st Baron Parr , KG ( 14 August 1513 -- 28 October 1571 ) was the son of Sir Thomas Parr and his wife , Maud Green , daughter of Sir Thomas Green , of Broughton and Greens Norton .
King Kang of Zhou ( Chinese : 周康王 ; pinyin : Zhōu Kāng Wáng ) or King K’ang of Chou was the third sovereign of the Chinese Zhou Dynasty and son of the King Cheng of Zhou .
William James Roache ( born 29 December 1985 ) is an English actor who is perhaps best known for his roles in connection with his father William Roache .
Princess Elisabeth of Prussia ( 18 June 1815 -- 21 March 1885 ) was the second daughter of Prince Wilhelm of Prussia and Landgravine Marie Anna of Hesse - Homburg and a granddaughter of Frederick William II of Prussia .
Mehbooba Mufti Sayeed ( born 22 May 1959 in Akhran Nowpora ) is the president of the Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) and the daughter of Late Mufti Mohammad Sayeed who served as former Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir and died while in office .
Adolphe Adam was born in Paris , to Jean - Louis Adam ( 1758 - -1848 ) , who was a prominent Alsatian composer , as well a professor at the Paris Conservatoire .
John Spedan Lewis ( 22 September 1885 , Marylebone , London -- 21 February 1963 Romsey , Hampshire ) was an English businessman and the founder of the John Lewis Partnership .
Elisabeth Raiser ( born as Bertha Elisabeth Freiin von Weizsäcker in Zürich on 18 August 1940 ) is the daughter of Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker and a former President of the German Evangelical Church Assembly .
Bred by William du Pont , Jr. at his Walnut Hall Farm near Boyce , Virginia , she was out of the mare Fairy Palace and sired by the good British runner Heliopolis whom Parlo helped earn his second Leading sire in North America title in 1954 .
Piers Butler of Duiske , Barrowmount , County Kilkenny ( died 1650 ) was the son of Edward Butler , 1st Viscount Galmoye and Hon . Anne Butler , daughter of Edmund Butler , 2nd Viscount Mountgarret .
Charles I , Count of Ligny ( 1488 - 1530 ) was a son of Anthony I , Count of Ligny and his second wife , Françoise van Croÿe - Chimay .
Susan de Vere , Countess of Montgomery ( 26 May 1587 - -1628/29 ) was an English noblewoman and the youngest daughter of Elizabethan courtier , poet , and playwright Edward de Vere , 17th Earl of Oxford .
Outokumpu Nirosta is a business segment of Outokumpu , headquartered in Krefeld , Germany .
Built by a M. Janémian in Bièvres , Essonne , they had rear engines , transversely mounted , with chain drive to the rear wheels which were set closely together .
Oni Press is an American independent comic book publisher based in Portland , Oregon .
Maoye International Holdings Limited ( SEHK : 848 ) , or Maoye International , Maoye , is the top - rank leading department store in Shenzhen , Guangdong , China and is engaged in department store and retailing business in Guangdong , Sichuan , Chongqing and Jiangsu .
Broad Group is a private manufacturer of central air conditioning non - electric absorption chillers that are powered by natural gas and waste heat based in Changsha , China .
OLT Express Germany ( formerly OLT Ostfriesische Lufttransport GmbH or OLT ) was an airline based in Bremen in Germany .
Lawley Pharmaceuticals was founded in 1996 as an offshoot from a retail company and is based in Perth , Western Australia .
Ashurst LLP is a multinational law firm headquartered in London , United Kingdom and a member of the ' Silver Circle ' of leading UK law firms .
CIBC World Markets is headquartered in Toronto , Ontario with offices in Canada in Calgary , Alberta , Montreal , Quebec , Vancouver , British Columbia and Ottawa , Ontario .
Tai Lin Radio Service Limited was one of Hong Kong 's largest electrical appliance retail chains .
WordAlive Publishers is a Pan - African publishing house based in Nairobi , Kenya and has offices in Kampala , Uganda .
Café+co International Holding ( café+co ) is an international operating corporate group with its headquarters in Vienna .
Azurix Corp. ( NYSE : AZX ) is a water services company , headquartered in Houston , Texas .
Electroputere S.A. ( which translates as Electropower in English ) is a company based in Craiova , Romania .
Dingwall Trust is a Child , Youth and Family approved support service based in Papatoetoe , Auckland .
Venturethree ( styled as venturethree , and formerly known as Venture3 ) is an independent brand consultancy based in London , specialising in brand strategy , visual identity design , writing , naming , brand implementation and guardianship programs .
Marathon Media ( also known as Marathon Studios ) , is a worldwide French television production company based in Neuilly - sur - Seine that produces shows for all ages .
The Lycée Hoche is a public secondary school located in Versailles , not very far away from the famous Palace of Versailles .
Lyon & Healy is an American harp manufacturer based in Chicago , Illinois .
Black Hills Corporation is a Rapid City , South Dakota diversified energy company that is an electric and gas utility in South Dakota and Wyoming and sells power throughout the American West .
The Bradford Group of companies , headquartered in Niles , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago , includes many groups of collectibles , including Ardleigh Elliott , Ashton - Drake Galleries , Bradford Editions , Bradford Exchange , Hamilton Authenticated , Hamilton Collection and Hawthorne Village .
NORCAT - Northern Centre for Advanced Technology Inc. is a not for profit technology and innovation centre located in Greater Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
Universal Weather and Aviation , Inc. ( commonly called Universal or Universal Weather ) is a privately held company headquartered in Houston , Texas that provides products and services for the general aviation industry .
MACTEC was based in Denver , Colorado until 2002 , when they merged with LAW Engineering and the headquarters were moved to Alpharetta , Georgia .
Ogilvy Renault LLP was a Canadian law firm with 450 members in offices in Montreal , Ottawa , Quebec , Toronto , Calgary and London , England .
Located in Indianapolis , Indiana , Truevision was later acquired by monitor and graphics card maker RasterOps in Santa Clara , California .
He started the first Sweet Frog store in Richmond , Virginia in 2009 , at a time when the United States economy was in recession , and frozen yogurt was most popular on the west coast of the United States .
Union Iron Works , located in San Francisco , California , on the southeast waterfront , was a central business within the large industrial zone of Potrero Point , for four decades at the end of the nineteenth and beginning of the twentieth centuries .
Bohemian Guitars is an Atlanta - based guitar manufacturer that makes custom electric guitars , basses , mandolins , and ukuleles using unconventional materials -- such as vintage oil cans and lunch boxes .
Creek Systems headquartered in Irvine , California is a provider of recruitment , staffing , and human resource services .
Godolphin Stables , also known as Stanley House stables , is a thoroughbred racehorse ownership , training and breeding operation in Newmarket , Suffolk , which has produced many notable horses .
Texans for Fiscal Responsibility ( TFR ) , a project of Empower Texans , is a conservative political advocacy group based in Austin , Texas .
Swabr is an enterprise microblogging service for companies , organizational and educational institutions located in Berlin , Germany .
Swiss Racing Team ( SRT ) is an auto racing team based in Inwil , Lucerne , Switzerland .
EB Games 's parent corporation , GameStop , has its headquarters in Grapevine , Texas , a suburb of Dallas .
By April 2013 , TheSquareFoot had expanded Austin , Dallas , and New York City and TechCrunch named TheSquareFoot as one of the `` Top 5 Startups to Watch '' .
Lilly Endowment Inc. , headquartered in Indianapolis is one of the world 's largest private philanthropic foundations and is among the largest such endowments in the United States .
Trinity Financial is a real estate development company based at Boston in the U.S. state of Massachusetts .
Nickey Chevrolet ( AKA : `` Nickey Chicago '' ) was a Chevrolet automobile dealership located in Chicago , Illinois , USA .
Aperam S.A. is a company , listed on the Amsterdam , Paris and Luxembourg stock exchange and with facilities in Brazil , Belgium and France , which concentrates on the production of stainless and speciality steel .
Baird & Warner is a residential real estate services company based in Chicago , Illinois .
Frequentis was founded in 1947 in post - WWII Vienna by Emanuel Strunz and Walther Hamm .
London based e - tailer Avenue 32 was established in 2011 by Roberta Benteler and Juri von Randow .
Ecologic Brands , Inc. is an Oakland , California - based company that designs and manufactures bottles from recycled cardboard and newspaper .
The Cheshire Building Society was a building society based in Macclesfield , Cheshire , England .
3 G Capital has offices in New York City and Rio de Janeiro , and the firm is run by managing partner Alex Behring out of New York .
Churchill Investments Group is a Canadian energy , commodities , equities , and services company based in Montreal with other offices worldwide .
Fine Tubes is a UK - based manufacturer of metal tubes , based in Estover , Plymouth , Devon .
The José Saramago Foundation is a cultural private institution located in the Casa dos Bicos , in Lisbon ( Portugal ) .
Barrio Planta Project is a non - profit 501(c)(3 ) organization established to provide free access to English language education , arts , communication and job - training to the residents of San Juan del Sur , Nicaragua .
China Southern Airlines Company Limited ( SSE : 600029 , SEHK : 1055 , NYSE : ZNH ) is an airline headquartered in Baiyun District , Guangzhou , Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China .
Quaid Software , Ltd. was a software publisher based in Toronto , Ontario .
TerraCycle is a private U.S. small business headquartered in Trenton , New Jersey .
G. & J. E. Pinckernelle is a Hamburg insurance broker firm , established on 1 December 1857 by the brothers Gustav ( 1821 - -1875 ) and Johann Ernst Pinckernelle ( 1827 - -1906 ) .
Rainforest Partnership is a North American non - profit corporation 501(c)(3 ) based in Austin , Texas that aims to protect tropical rainforests .
Anywhere Road is an American independent film distributor based in San Francisco .
Founded in 1998 , Visualant is a public company based in Seattle , Washington .
Bitstamp is a bitcoin exchange based in the United Kingdom .
AlarmForce Inc. manufacturing base is in Toronto .
Sneaky Pete 's is a Birmingham , Alabama - based chain of hot - dog restaurants founded by Pete Graphos in 1966 and sold to the present - owner Bernard D'Amico in 1986 .
Kepler 's Books and Magazines is an independent bookstore in Menlo Park , California .
The Roper Center for Public Opinion Research at Cornell University is one of the world 's leading archives of social science data , specializing in data from public opinion surveys .
Alten8 Ltd. is a British video game developer and publisher , with offices in Luton .
Bay State Newspaper Company , based in Somerville , Massachusetts , USA , was a publisher of weekly newspapers in suburbs north of Boston .
Kuhn 's Quality Foods Markets is a family - owned chain of grocery stores located in the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania area of the United States .
The New Mexico government has invested approaching $ 200 m ( £ 121 m ) in the Spaceport America facility , for which Virgin Galactic is the anchor tenant ; other commercial space companies also use the site .
Ready at Dawn Studios is an American video game developer located in Irvine , California and is composed of former members of Naughty Dog and Blizzard Entertainment .
Dokumental GmbH & Co. KG Schreibfarben is an independent ink manufacturer headquartered in Ludwigshafen / Rhine .
DONG Energy ( former names : Dansk Naturgas and Dansk Olie og Naturgas ( abbreviated as DONG ) ) is an integrated energy company based in Fredericia , Denmark .
Pointr is a startup company based in London who do indoor positioning and navigation utilising iBeacons , which are Bluetooth Low Energy devices formalised by Apple Inc. Pointr have created a GPS - like experience with true position and turn - by - turn navigation that is supported by most modern smartphones operating on both Android and iOS .
Datavail is a remote database administration provider based in Broomfield , Colorado .
The Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front ( ZACF , also known as ZabFront or simply as Zabalaza ) , formerly known as the Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Federation ( ZabFed ) , is a platformist -- especifista anarchist political organisation in South Africa , based primarily in Johannesburg .
Catalan Communications was a New York publishing company that existed from 1983 to 1991 and was operated by Bernd Metz ( 1944 - 2012 ) , which mainly focused on English - language translations of European graphic novels , presented in a series of high - quality trade paperbacks .
A fourth and a fifth Class 56 ( 56311 & 56312 ) were hired in from Hanson Traction Ltd. Fastline 's base was at Doncaster , Yorkshire .
The Carus Publishing Company is a publisher with offices in Chicago , Peru , Illinois , and Peterborough , New Hampshire .
BigMachines is a software company , founded in 2000 by Godard Abel and Christopher Shutts and headquartered in Deerfield , Illinois , United States with development offices in San Mateo , California and Hyderabad , India .
ComicsOne was based in Fremont , California , in the San Francisco Bay Area .
The Vim Comedy Company was a short lived movie studio in Jacksonville , Florida and New York .
Nordiska Kompaniet ( colloquially NK , and literally The Nordic Company ) is the name of two department stores located in Stockholm and Gothenburg , in Sweden .
With over 40 world premiere productions , English language premieres , and second productions of newly - revised plays , Theater J has made new work a key strategy for creating art that speaks to Jewish values and to the issues and concerns of the Washington D.C. community .
Maveron is a venture capital firm with offices in Seattle and San Francisco that invests in consumer - only businesses centered on technology - enabled products and services in commerce , education , and health and wellness .
Fabio Perini S.p . A. is a mechanical engineering company established in Lucca , Italy , in 1966 by the inventor / entrepreneur Fabio Perini .
Grupo Bimbo , S.A.B. de C.V. , known as Bimbo , is a Mexican multinational bakery product manufacturing company headquartered in Mexico City , Mexico .
UberConference is a cloud - based conferencing system from Switch Communications , Inc. , a privately held company in San Francisco , California .
Hornblower Cruises & Events is a San Francisco - based charter yacht , dining cruise and ferry service company .
GMR Marketing is an engagement marketing advertising agency , which is headquartered in New Berlin , Wisconsin .
The Society of Mutual Autopsy ( or French : la Société d'autopsie mutuelle ) was established on 19 October 1876 by members of the Society of Anthropology of Paris in Paris , France .
Genostar is a bioinformatics solution provider based in Grenoble , France .
Kitson and Company was a locomotive manufacturer based in Hunslet , Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
The Pontificia Fonderia Marinelli ( or Marinelli Pontifical Foundry , Marinelli Bell Foundry ) is the successor of a bell foundry already at work in Agnone , Italy in 1040 .
Amonix , Inc. is a solar power system developer based in Seal Beach , California .
The Noorduyn Aircraft Limited , founded by Dutch immigrant Robert B. C. Noorduyn and Walter Clayton , was established in Montreal in 1933 and in early 1934 by taking over the Curtiss - Reid factory in Cartierville , Quebec just outside Montreal , Quebec to being production in 1935 as Noorduyn Aviation .
The Congo - Balolo Mission ( CBM ) was a British Baptist missionary society that was active in the Belgian Congo , the present day Democratic Republic of the Congo , from 1889 to 1915 .
Celesc is headquartered in the Santa Catarina capital of Florianópolis .
The National Gallery of Art , and its attached Sculpture Garden , is a national art museum in Washington , D.C. , located on the National Mall , between 3rd and 9th Streets , at Constitution Avenue NW .
G.W. Scott and Sons was a producer of fine wickerwork crafts , basketry , and luxury leather goods , founded in 1661 in the city of London , England , in the United Kingdom .
Norsk Hydro ASA ( often referred to as just Hydro ) is a Norwegian aluminium and renewable energy company , headquartered in Oslo .
ESPN Inc. is an American sports media conglomerate based in Bristol , Connecticut .
Inter - Con Security Systems , Inc. is a US - based private security company headquartered in Pasadena , California .
Apollo Energy Systems is a U.S. multinational alternative energy corporation headquartered in Pompano Beach , Florida that develops , produces and markets fuel cell power plants , electric propulsion systems , and alternative energy generation equipment .
Commodore had been reorganized the year before into Commodore International , Ltd. , moving its financial headquarters to the Bahamas and its operational headquarters to West Chester , Pennsylvania , near to the MOS Technology site .
White Line Hotels Limited is a London - based hospitality group representing 42 hotels essentially in Europe across 16 countries .
TmaxSoft opened a new R&D center in Seohyeon - dong , Bundang .
Unicity International is an American international multi - level marketing company , headquartered in Orem , Utah , whose primary product offerings include weight loss products and green tea .
Conn 's Inc. is an electronics , furniture , mattress and appliance store chain headquartered in The Woodlands , Texas , United States .
GSW Immobilien AG , formerly Gemeinnützige Siedlungs- und Wohnungsbaugesellschaft Berlin mbH , is a German real - estate company in Berlin .
Hand in Hand International is a registered non - profit organisation based in London , UK .
Kion de Mexico , founded in 1994 , is an aircraft ground services company and airlines related outsourcing company at Mexico City International Airport .
Headquartered in Pasadena , California , Tetra Tech has 16,000 employees in 400 offices worldwide .
International Tea Co. Stores was a leading chain of grocers based in London .
In 1832 the liqueur and brandy manufacturer was established in Klagenfurt , named after the founder Sebastian Stroh .
Regent Seven Seas Cruises ( RSSC ) is a cruise line , formerly known as Radisson Seven Seas Cruises , headquartered in Miami , Florida .
Based in City of Industry , California , UFO Interactive Games is a publisher of interactive video game content , developing on multiple platforms with a focus on original and mass - market gaming software .
Thomas Green & Son , Ltd. were engineers who manufactured a wide range of products at the Smithfield Foundry , Leeds , United Kingdom .
Pelargos has several factories across Greece including one 1 km southeast of the centre of Gastouni .
Agile Software Corporation , was a San Jose , California based company that provided product lifecycle management ( PLM ) software .
Stadtwerke München GmbH ( Munich City Utilities ) or SWM is a German communal company , owned by the city of Munich , which offers public services for the city and the region of Munich .
Tata Power is an Indian electric utility company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India and is part of the Tata Group .
Angoss Software Corporation , headquartered in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , with offices in the United States and UK , is a provider of predictive analytics systems through software licensing and services .
Gree Electric Appliances Inc. ( Chinese : 珠海格力电器股份有限公司 ) ( SZSE : 000651 ) is a Chinese major appliance manufacturer headquartered in Zhuhai , Guangdong province .
In 2005 , Tianjin Development split Tianjin Port Development to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange .
Engie Energy International , formerly International Power , is a multinational electricity generation company headquartered in London , United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Engie ( formerly GDF Suez ) .
RagWing Aircraft Designs ( also called the RagWing Aeroplane Company and RagWing Aviation ) is an American aircraft design and manufacturing company based in Belton , South Carolina .
Cruise & Maritime Voyages ( CMV ) is a passenger shipping company headquartered in Essex , United Kingdom .
Indraprastha Power Generation Co Ltd ( IPGCL ) is the electricity generation company of the Government of Delhi state in India .
Georgia - Pacific LLC is an American pulp and paper company based in Atlanta , Georgia , and is one of the world 's leading manufacturers and distributors of tissue , pulp , paper , toilet and paper towel dispensers , packaging , building products and related chemicals .
Bateaux Mouches ( French pronunciation : ​(bato ˈmuʃ ) ) are open excursion boats that provide visitors to Paris , France , with a view of the city from along the river Seine .
Air Mikisew was an airline based in Fort McMurray , Alberta , Canada .
Walt Disney Animation Studios , headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California , is an American animation studio that creates animated feature films , short films , and television specials for The Walt Disney Company .
Abbeywood Records is a Canadian independent record label founded in 1999 in Toronto .
First Choice Emergency Room is a Flower Mound , Texas - based company that operates freestanding emergency rooms .
Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Corp was a privately held company headquartered in Malibu , California , USA until it was purchased by Dun & Bradstreet in a $ 320 million deal that closed in May 2015 .
Majesco Entertainment Company ( formerly Majesco Sales , Inc. , commonly referred to as just Majesco ) is an American video game publisher and distributor founded in 1986 , headquartered in Edison , New Jersey , United States .
Long Trail Brewing Company is a regional brewery in Bridgewater Corners , Vermont , USA .
Galliford Try plc is a British construction company headquartered in London .
Grain Media Ltd is a UK film , television and commercials production company established in 2006 by Jon Drever and Orlando von Einsiedel based in South London .
The Segal Group is a benefits and human resources consulting firm headquartered in New York City , with nearly 1,000 employees throughout the U.S. and Canada .
The North Dublin Coalition Limited ( NorDubCo ) was established in 1996 to facilitate the social , economic and civic development of North Dublin .
PostBank was the trading name of the Post Office Bank Limited , a bank owned by the New Zealand Government .
Remontowa ( full name : Gdańska Stocznia `` Remontowa '' i m . J. Piłsudskiego S.A. ) is a shipyard in the Polish city of Gdańsk .
EnSilica is a design services and IP core company based in Wokingham , UK .
Molycorp Silmet AS is a rare earth processor located in Sillamäe , Estonia .
TEMSA Global is a coach , bus and light truck manufacturer located in Adana , Turkey .
The Center for Economic Studies ( CES ) is an independent institute within the Faculty of Economics of the University of Munich ( LMU ) .
Abus Kransysteme GmbH is a German hoist and crane manufacturer headquartered in Gummersbach .
Meat Products of India Ltd ( MPI ) is a major Indian meat processing , packaging , and distribution company based in Edayar , Koothattukulam , Kerala .
The Brand EU Centre ( in short , Brand EU ) is a London - based pro - EU research and communications centre created and run by think tank Gold Mercury International , to improve the management of the European Union brand .
Merseytravel is the passenger transport executive responsible for the coordination of public transport in the Liverpool City Region , North West England .
ANT1 Group got its start in 1988 when it launched ANT1 Radio 97.2 ( and now Easy 97.2 ) , a radio station in Athens .
Tequila Herradura ( officially Grupo Industrial Herradura ) is a tequila distiller located in Amatitán , Jalisco , Mexico .
Continental Newspapers , formally known as Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. , is a Canadian daily newspaper publisher based in Kelowna , British Columbia .
Eurocreme is a European company based in London , England , that specializes in the production and distribution of gay pornographic films , generally featuring twinks , although it has also released a number of series devoted to studs and men of more diverse appearance .
Loyola University Andalusia ( Spanish : Universidad Loyola Andalucía ) is a private university seated in Seville , Spain , and with campuses in Seville and Córdoba , that was established for the 2013 - 14 academic year .
BioDetection Systems ( BDS ) is a Dutch biotech company based at the Science Park Amsterdam .
In 2000 , Delaware Intercorp moved to its current location in Newark .
Bridge US is a San Francisco , California based legal services corporation that offers immigration services and resources in the United States .
Gordon Stanfield Animation ( GSA ) is an animation service company based in Vancouver , British Columbia with over 20 years of development , pre - production and production experience .
The Trodat international group of companies has its company headquarters in Wels , Austria .
T - VIPS was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Oslo , Norway , with a US office in Millburn , New Jersey .
Fubon Financial Holding Co. , Ltd. ( Chinese : 富邦金融控股股份有限公司(富邦金控 ) ) ( TWSE : 2881 LSE : FBND ) are Fubon Asset Management , Fubon Insurance Co. Ltd. , Fubon Securities , Fubon Bank ( present Taipei Fubon Bank ) , Fubon Life and Fubon Bank ( Hong Kong ) Limited decided to jointly form Fubon Financial .
Nass Corporation B.S.C. ( founder and chairman , Abdulla Ahmed Nass ) is a Bahraini public joint - stock company established and listed on the Bahrain Stock Exchange in the year 2005 , with a paid - up capital of BHD 20 million .
BGI ( Chinese : 华大基因 ; pinyin : Huádà Jīyīn ) , known as the Beijing Genomics Institute prior to 2008 , is one of the world 's premier genome sequencing centers , headquartered in Shenzhen , Guangdong province , China .
Alpi Eagles SpA was an airline headquartered in Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco , Italy .
Headquartered in Novi Sad , with offices in Belgrade ( Serbia ) , Banja Luka ( Bosnia and Herzegovina ) and Osijek ( Croatia ) with over 500 engineers , RT - RK is one of the biggest development houses in Southeast Europe .
Havyard Group is a Norwegian ship technology company , headquartered in Fosnavåg , Norway .
Evolutions Television , commonly known as Evolutions ( or more simply Evos ) , is a television post - production company in London , England .
Cognio was headquartered in Germantown , Maryland ( near Washington , DC ) , USA , and had an additional investments that included Avansis Ventures as a fourth round in April 2007 , for a total of $ 30 million .
Userfarm is a London - based marketing company that specializes in video crowdsourcing .
MagNet Bank has a network of 12 branches along its center in the capital Budapest .
Carolina Power & Light ( CP&L ) , later doing business as Progress Energy Inc. , was an electrical generation , transmission , and distribution utility based in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Neilson and Company was a locomotive manufacturer in Glasgow , Scotland .
Sankalp India Foundation is a Bangalore - based non - government organisation .
Max Design was an Austrian game developer located in Schladming who developed various games like the Anno series .
The British Rail Research Division came into being in 1964 directly under the control of the British Railways Board , moving into purpose - built premises at the Railway Technical Centre in Derby .
SitePoint is a Melbourne , Australia - based website , and publisher of books , courses and articles for web developers .
Stax Records is an American record label , originally based in Memphis , Tennessee .
Carrozzeria Barbi is an Italian bus manufacturer , with headquarters in Mirandola , near Modena .
Chappe et Gessalin ( CG ) was a French automobile maker founded in 1946 which commenced manufacturing complete cars in Brie - Comte - Robert , Seine - et Marne in 1957 .
Yantai Wanhua Polyurethanes is a subsidiary of the Wanhua Group and is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on the blue chip SSE Composite Index .
F.X. Matt Brewing Company is an American family - owned brewery at the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains in Utica , New York .
Norconsult was founded in 1929 , and has its headquarters in Sandvika , just outside Oslo , Norway .
Falcon Air was a cargo and passenger airline based in Malmö , Sweden .
Lonestar Cell is a telecommunications company based in Monrovia , Liberia .
Cole Haan has its headquarters in Greenland , New Hampshire , and its design center in New York City .
The Gemeinhardt Company is headquartered in Elkhart , Indiana , where many of their instruments are still made .
Fullbeauty Brands is an American plus size women 's and men 's apparel and home goods holding company based in New York City .
In 2015 violinist Michael Dabroski announced a new Vermont Mozart Festival , Inc. and programs with its Title Sponsor NBT Bank , the City of South Burlington , and partnerships with community supporters including Burlington Country Club , South Burlington Rotary Club and others .
Bovis Homes Group plc is a second tier national British housebuilding company based in New Ash Green , Kent .
Second Chance Animal Rescue Society ( SCARS ) , founded in 2002 by Sylvia Christiansen and Jan Pysyk , is an Athabasca , Alberta - based volunteer run , Canadian nonprofit rescue society .
Simply Be is a brand of clothing designed by the N Brown Group , headquartered in Manchester .
Buckley Aircraft Company was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wichita , Kansas .
Urban Cultivator is a hydroponics company based in Surrey , British Columbia that creates indoor gardening appliances , which can grow herbs , microgreens , vegetables , and flowers for residences and commercial kitchens .
China Netcom , full name China Netcom Group Corporation ( Hong Kong ) Limited ( former stock codes : HKEX:0906 , NYSE : CN ) , abbreviated CNC , was a former telecommunication service provider in People 's Republic of China .
Intelenet Global Services is a third - party Business Process Outsourcing ( BPO ) & contact center provider headquartered in Mumbai , India , backed by Blackstone Group .
Fluid Components International ( FCI ) , headquartered in San Marcos , California , is a manufacturer of thermal dispersion flow and level measurement instrumentation .
Danieli Automation is an Italian company , part of the Danieli Group , located in Buttrio ( UD ) .
Autodesk is headquartered in San Rafael , California , and features a gallery of its customers ' work in its San Francisco building .
Klopfenstein 's was an upscale men 's clothing store in the Seattle - Tacoma Metropolitan Area originally founded in 1918 in Tacoma , Washington .
Practice Fusion is a free web - based electronic health record ( EHR ) company founded in 2005 , operated and privately owned by Practice Fusion , Inc. in San Francisco , California .
Cavender 's is a family - owned and operated western wear retail chain based in Tyler , Texas .
Gonow ( officially Zhejiang Gonow Auto Co. , Ltd. ) ( Chinese : 浙江吉奥汽车有限公司 ) is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles , commercial vehicles and SUV 's headquartered in Taizhou , Zhejiang and a subsidiary of GAC Group .
Crest Marine LLC is a boat manufacturer in Owosso , Michigan which makes Crest Pontoons .
Native Earth Performing Arts is a Canadian theatre company located in Toronto .
Hawthorne Books is an independent publisher founded in 2001 in Portland , Oregon , U.S. , specializing in literary fiction and creative nonfiction original trade paperbacks .
After pioneering the concept of self - service gasoline in Alabama , Florida , and Georgia , the company relocated its headquarters in 1976 to Atlanta , Georgia , and adopted the brand `` RaceTrac '' for its company - operated stations .
Primera Air Scandinavia has its headquarters in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bahakel Communications , Ltd. is an American communications company based in Charlotte , North Carolina , that is wholly owned and operated by the Bahakel family .
Atuagkat Bookstore ( Danish : Atuagkat Boghandel ) is a bookstore in Nuuk , the capital of Greenland , located 100 m ( 330 ft ) north of the Katuaq Culture Centre in the Nuuk Centrum .
; they also built the Lighthouse Gold Resort in Balchik Balkanstroy was the construction contractor for projects in Sofia such as the Sky City Mall , the Sky Way 4-star hotel and highway projects .
Soma Kömür İşletmeleri A.Ş. ( Soma Mining Inc. ) is a Turkish coal mining company with headquarters in Istanbul , and one of the largest coal producers in the region .
Jamesway was a chain of discount department stores based in Secaucus , New Jersey .
Magpie Recycling is a worker cooperative based in Brighton , England .
The Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company ( /ˈlaɪnənkuːɡəl/ ) , a subsidiary of SABMiller , is a regional American beermaker based in Chippewa Falls , Wisconsin , United States .
Kraš ( Croatian pronunciation : ( krâʃ ) ) is a Croatian food company based in Zagreb , specializing in confectionery products .
The Yale Political Union ( YPU ) is a debate society at Yale University , founded in 1934 by Professor Alfred Whitney Griswold .
DocNetwork is an electronic health record system for camps , child care and schools , based out of Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Andrews Space is an aerospace company based in Seattle , Washington , founded in 1999 to develop space systems .
Talent Zoo was founded in 1996 by Rick Myers in Atlanta , Georgia , and originally began as a traditional off - line recruiting company for advertising agencies .
Privateer Holdings is headquartered in Seattle , Washington and is the first firm in the US to focus entirely on cannabis - related companies .
DTE Energy Co. is a Detroit , Michigan - based utility incorporated in 1995 involved in the development and management of energy - related businesses and services nationwide .
Sitebrand is an online marketing company based in Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca , LLP is a law firm with offices in Washington , D.C. , New York City , Los Angeles , and Alexandria .
LeadGenius is a privately held sales outsourcing and data analysis company located in Berkeley , California .
Roger Dubuis was born in Geneva and all of his watches , strongly associated with that culture , are submitted to the quality hallmark of the Poinçon de Genève as well as receiving chronometer certifications .
Wolfe Laboratories , Inc. ( WLI ) is a contract research organization ( CRO ) headquartered in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Cyberlore Studios was a developer of computer games based in Northampton , Massachusetts , United States .
R+L Carriers is a privately owned American freight shipping company based in Wilmington , Ohio , which grew over the course of 40 years from one truck to a fleet of 21,000 tractors and trailers .
Technical Park is an Italian amusement ride manufacturer based in Melara , Rovigo , Veneto , northern Italy .
Hornbacher 's is a supermarket chain that operates seven stores in Fargo , North Dakota , Grand Forks , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota .
Studio Harcourt is a photography studio founded in Paris in 1934 by the brothers Lacroix .
Veracode is an application security company based in Burlington , Massachusetts .
The company was founded in 1983 as TELES GmbH by Professor Dr .- Ing . Sigram Schindler in close cooperation with the Technical University of Berlin .
The Weather Channel has its headquarters located in Atlanta , Georgia .
Laurel Films is an independent Beijing - based production company , operated by producer and screenwriter Fang Li .
ThreatMetrix is a security technology company headquartered in San Jose , California , with offices in New York City , Hong Kong , Sydney , London and Amsterdam .
PJP4 is an oilfield services company headquartered in Reynosa , Mexico with operations in more than 8 countries in the Americas .
Clear Creek Distillery is a distillery based in Portland , Oregon .
Jilin Yatai Group Company Limited ( SSE : 600881 ) is a private conglomerate enterprise in Changchun , Jilin , China .
Cloudred Multimedia is an interactive design studio located in New York City .
Metro Newspapers is an American newspaper company based in San Jose , California .
DigiNotar was originally set up in 1998 by the Dutch notary Dick Batenburg from Beverwijk and the Koninklijke Notariële Beroepsorganisatie , the national body for Dutch civil law notaries .
XMG Studio is a mobile games developer based in Toronto , Canada .
Brookfield Residential Properties Inc. is a land developer and homebuilder in North America with its headquarters in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Barclays Investment Bank ( trading as Barclays , formerly Barclays Capital or BarCap ) is the investment banking division of the British multinational Barclays bank headquartered in London .
Sedo ( an acronym for Search Engine for Domain Offers ) is a domain name and website marketplace and domain parking provider based in Cambridge , Massachusetts and Cologne , Germany .
Spartan Cars was a manufacturer of kit cars based in Pinxton , Derbyshire , United Kingdom , which operated from 1973 to 1995 .
Unigine Corp is an international software development company with offices in Tomsk , Russia and San Francisco , USA .
The Royal Air Force Officer and Aircrew Selection Centre , located at Adastral Hall , RAF Cranwell , is the centre through which every potential RAF officer must go to be selected for Initial Officer Training ( IOT ) .
Caltagirone Editore S.p . A. is an Fourth Italian Publishing House , based in Rome , Italy , founded in July 1999 ( following the purchase of the newspapers Il Messaggero and Il Mattino in 1999 ) .
Aspiring Minds Assessment Private Limited is an Indian `` employability evaluation and certification company '' , headquartered in Gurgaon with an office in Bangalore and a pan - Indian operational presence .
The Kühlstein Wagenbau in Berlin - Charlottenburg was a coachbuilding company that produced electric cars from 1898 to 1902 .
Mackenzie Esporte Clube ( short , just Mackenzie ) is a social , recreational and sports club from Belo Horizonte , Brazil .
Lagostina was founded in 1901 in Omegna , Province of Verbania , Italy , as a family business initially focusing on stainless steel flatware .
Performance Technologies , Inc ( NASDAQ : PTIX ) was set up in 1981 and now is based in Rochester , New York .
The Bestattung Wien ( English : `` Undertaking Service of Vienna '' ) is Austria 's leading funeral director , and one of the largest in Europe .
JSC Zarubezhneft is a Russian state - controlled oil company based in Moscow that specializes in exploration , development and operation of oil and gas fields outside Russian territory .
Fenway Health , officially named Fenway Community Health Center , Inc. , is an LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ) health care , research and advocacy organization founded by Northeastern University students and headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts .
The original engineering practice from which the Cardno group evolved commenced operations in Brisbane , Queensland in 1945 as Cardno & Davies , founded by engineers Gerry Cardno and Harold Davies .
Gen - Probe was a company based in San Diego , California specializing in Clinical Diagnostics , Blood Screening , Transplant Products and Research Products .
TBC Bank is a leading Georgian universal bank headquartered in Tbilisi , Georgia .
Sticks'n'Sushi is a Copenhagen - based restaurant and take - away chain specializing in sushi and yakitori sticks .
KRP Properties is a Canadian real estate corporation and business park in Kanata , Ontario , Canada which leases and develops commercial real estate .
MainConcept is a video codec supplier founded in 1993 in Aachen , Germany and a board member of the MPEG Industry Forum .
Web Technology Group is a technology consultancy and solutions provider to the UK Public Sector , specialising in the design , build and management of secure , high value and complex web applications , based in London , UK .
The Steinbeis Foundation is an institute headquartered in Stuttgart , Germany dedicated to the transfer of academic findings and knowledge into the field of business .
Socatel ( Société Centrafricaine de Télécommunications ) is the leading telecommunications and Internet service provider in the Central African Republic .
AnyJunk is an on demand rubbish clearance company established in October 2004 by ex - investment banker Jason Mohr , with help from a London environmental consultancy London Remade .
Fulton Beer is a brewery in the North Loop area of Minneapolis , USA .
Lumene is a Finnish manufacturer of cosmetics , based in Kauklahti , Espoo .
The Ripon Society is an American centrist Republican public policy organization based in Washington , D.C. It produces The Ripon Forum , the U.S. 's longest running Republican thought and opinion journal , as well as The Ripon Advance , a daily news publication .
Not Just A Label ( NJAL ) is a London - based global sales platform , virtual showroom and online community that connects independent designers to consumers .
Crumpler is a bag company with two separately held companies who design and supply different products to their respective markets - the Australian headquarters is in Melbourne , Australia and the European office is in Berlin .
Information Builders is a privately held software company , with its headquarters in New York City .
Boudin Bakery ( Anglicized pronunciation : `` bo - DEEN '' ) is a bakery based in San Francisco , California , known for its sourdough bread ( self - proclaimed as the `` Original San Francisco Sourdough French Bread '' ) .
Joseph Enterprises , Inc is a gadget company which is owned by Joseph Pedott and based in San Francisco , California , United States , North America .
Starobrno Brewery ( in Czech : Pivovar Starobrno ) is a Czech brewery located in the city of Brno .
Nobiskrug is a shipyard located on the Eider River in Rendsburg , Germany , specializing in building luxury yachts .
In addition to their national headquarters in Cotati , California , the Animal Legal Defense Fund maintains an office in Portland , Oregon .
The Bookmill ( sometimes `` The Book Mill '' ) is an independent bookstore in Montague , Massachusetts .
Rok plc was a British construction company , based in Exeter .
The Lightspeed Media Corporation is a company from Glendale , Arizona , founded in 1999 by Steve Lightspeed , alias of Steve Jones , that operates many Internet pornography Web sites and contracts various models .
Bilingual Review Press is based in Tempe , Arizona , at Arizona State University .
Three Floyds Brewing is a brewery founded in 1996 by brothers Nick and Simon and their father Mike Floyd in Hammond , Indiana .
Lotus Cars is based at the former site of RAF Hethel , a World War II airfield in Norfolk .
Theranos is an American privately - held health - technology and medical - laboratory - services company based in Palo Alto , California .
HubCityLabs is a hackerspace , sometimes called a makerspace , hackspace , hacklab , located in Moncton , Canada .
Gnar Tapes began releasing solely audio cassette tapes from many Portland based artists , though it has branched out to releasing artists from around the world via cassette , vinyl , digital , and compact disc .
Concord Pacific Developments is a Canadian residential developer and real estate investment firm with focus on projects in Vancouver , BC and Toronto , ON .
The Aultman was a 1901 American automobile manufactured in Canton , Ohio ; the light steam carriage , whose makers also built a four - wheel - drive steam truck , was built for only a few years .
The Kronenburg B.V. company is fire - service vehicles manufacturer , based in Wanroij , Netherlands .
Diatto was an Italian manufacturing company founded in 1835 in Turin by Guglielmo Diatto to make ' carriages for wealthy customers ' .
It was headquartered in Montreal , Canada , in its Maison Alcan complex .
Helsinki Airport is Finavia 's main airport , and a popular transit airport .
Brouwerij ' t IJ ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌbrʌuʋəˈrɛi ət ɛi ) ; English : The IJ Brewery ) is a small brewery in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Alexander Forbes Group Holdings , commonly referred to as Alexander Forbes is a specialized financial services group with its head office in Sandton , South Africa and business interests in Africa , Europe and the Middle East .
The Mannheim Forum is an economic congress organized exclusively by students of the University of Mannheim and is among the largest collegiate events in Germany with more than 500 participants each year .
Now , FSE Engineering Group Ltd ( FSEE ) is the largest E&M Building Services engineering companies in Hong Kong
Rupa & Co. ( Rupa Publications ) is an Indian publishing company based in Kolkata which was founded in 1936 by D. Mehra at College Street in Calcutta .
Atod AB / LG Software AB ( also known as 42-Bit AB ) was a video game developer located in Helsingborg , Sweden .
Schreiber Foods Inc. , is a dairy company which produces and distributes natural cheese , process cheese , cream cheese and yogurt It is an employee - owned customer brand dairy company headquartered in Green Bay , Wisconsin .
The Dom - Hotel is a 5-Star Hotel in Cologne , Germany , located on Roncalliplatz in Innenstadt .
Scott Tallon Walker is an architecture practice with its head office in Dublin , Ireland and further offices in London , Galway and Cork .
Roke Manor Research Limited is a UK company based at Roke Manor in Romsey , Hampshire .
Fox Islands Electric Cooperative is a utility cooperative based in Vinalhaven , Maine .
Southwestern National Bank ( T : 美南銀行 , S : 美南银行 , P : Měi Nán Yínháng ) is a minority owned community bank with headquarters in Chinatown and in Greater Sharpstown in Houston , Texas .
Mikroelektronika ( Serbian : Микроелектроника д.о.о. Београд ) is a company based in Belgrade , Serbia which manufactures and sells microcontroller development boards , accessory boards , compilers , and books .
Aman Futures Group ( simply referred as Aman Futures ) was an investment and privately held company based in Malaysia with branches in the Philippines .
The Binda Group is an Italian watch , jewelry , leather accessories corporate group founded by Innocente Binda in 1906 , headquartered in Milan and headed by brothers Marcello and Simone Binda , grandsons of the founder .
Land Rovers are currently assembled in the company 's Halewood and Solihull plants , with research and development taking place at the Gaydon and Whitley engineering centres .
CZ - USA , based in Kansas City , Kansas , is responsible for the importation and distribution of CZ products in the United States .
Otter Tail Corporation is an energy company based in Fergus Falls , Minnesota .
Indieflix , Inc is an independent film distribution and online streaming service based in Seattle , WA .
A - Film ( in full A - Film Benelux B.V. ) was an independent film distributor , based in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Tissuemed is a medical device developer and manufacturer based in Leeds , UK .
Mountain Rose Herbs is an American herbal distribution retailer based in Eugene , Oregon and founded in 1987 .
Compagnie Électro - Mécanique ( CEM ) was a French electrical engineering manufacturer based in Paris , Le Havre , Lyon , Le Bourget , Nancy , Dijon .
The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ) is an Indian stock exchange located at Dalal Street , Kala Ghoda , Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Crazy John 's applied for an injunction in the Federal Court in Melbourne to prevent Telstra from going ahead with this second demand .
MocoSpace is one of a number of Boston - area startups focusing on developing applications for the mobile web .
Federal Premium Ammunition , a wholly owned subsidiary of Vista Outdoor Inc. , is located in Anoka , Minnesota .
VyStar Credit Union , based in Jacksonville , FL , is one of the largest credit unions in the nation , serving more than 500,000 members worldwide .
Workman , Clark and Company was a shipbuilding company based in Belfast .
Today Weigel 's Farm Stores , Inc. operates more than 60 dairy and convenience stores , all within a 50-mile ( 80 km ) radius of corporate headquarters in Powell , Tennessee .
The Canons Regular of the New Jerusalem is a clerical Institute of Consecrated Life in the Catholic Church , founded in 2002 in the Diocese of La Crosse , Wisconsin , and currently located in Charles Town , West Virginia after a period in Chesterfield , Missouri in the Archdiocese of Saint Louis , in the United States .
Astaldi SpA is an Italian multinational major construction company based in Rome , Italy .
Kemira GrowHow is a fertilizer producer headquartered in downtown Helsinki , Finland .
HotelsCombined is a hotel metasearch engine founded in 2005 , with headquarters in Sydney , Australia .
Embotelladora Don Jorge S.A.C. is a corporation involved in the manufacturing , distribution and marketing of nonalcoholic and alcoholic beverages based in Lima , Peru .
Recycled Paper Greetings , Inc. ( RPG ) is a Chicago - based greeting card company founded by Phil Friedmann and Mike Keiser in 1971 .
Viacom 18 Media Pvt . Limited founded in November 2007 is a 50/50 joint venture operation in India between Viacom and the Network 18 Group based in Mumbai .
Swayne & Hoyt Lines was an American steamship company based in San Francisco , California , and in operation from the late 1890s to the late 1930s .
Parascender Technologies , Inc. ( usually just referred to as Parascender ) was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Kissimmee , Florida , founded by RB Brady and Teri Brady in 1989 .
Don and Alice Schenker started The Print Mint as a picture - framing shop and retailer of posters and fine art reproductions on Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley , California , in December 1965 , originally sharing a store with Moe 's Books , but later on moving into a separate location down the block .
Enterprise plc was a support services company originally based in Farington in Lancashire , England .
Cash America International , Inc. is a Fort Worth , Texas , retailer which operates 859 ( as of January 2015 ) pawn shops in the United States .
Berklee College of Music , located in Boston , Massachusetts , United States , is the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world .
Choppies is a Botswana multinational grocery and general merchandise retailer headquartered in Gaborone , Botswana .
The Game Creators , Ltd. ( often stylised `` tgc '' ) is a British game development software company formed through a partnership between programmer Lee Bamber and Rick Vanner in 1999 , located in Macclesfield , Cheshire , United Kingdom .
Bergdorf Goodman is a luxury goods department store based on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan in New York City .
Hi - ReS ! or Handsome information - Radical entertainment Systems ! is a London - based design and digital marketing firm known for its elaborate commissioned websites .
Tharangini Records ( currently Tharangni ) is the music company founded by noted Indian Playback singer K. J. Yesudas in 1980 at Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala .
SANAA ( Sejima and Nishizawa and Associates ) is a multiple award - winning architectural firm based in Tokyo , Japan .
Crawfish Interactive was a video games developer based in Croydon , United Kingdom .
Valrhona is a French premium chocolate manufacturer based in the small town of Tain - l'Hermitage in Hermitage , a wine - growing district near Lyon .
Hoshino Impul Co. , Ltd. , ( known as Impul ) is a Japanese automotive aftermarket company based in Setagaya - ku , Tokyo .
Wine Country Broadcasting Company is a small San Francisco , California , United States , based radio broadcasting company that owns radio stations in Napa and Saint Helena , a broadcast translator in Calistoga , and repeater in Cordelia , California .
Manimal Vinyl is a Los Angeles based record label founded in 2006 by experimental musician and fashion stylist , Paul Beahan .
Agderfly AS was a flight school and airline based in Kristiansand , Norway , which operated from 1966 to 2004 .
CoreStates Financial Corporation , previously known as Philadelphia National Bank ( PNB ) , was a United States bank holding company in the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area .
Weston Williamson is a British architectural firm formed in 1985 and based in London .
Reliance Communications Ltd. ( RCOM ) is an Indian Internet access and telecommunications company headquartered in Navi Mumbai , India .
The Softwarepark Hagenberg is the Austrian technology park for software , located in Hagenberg i m Mühlkreis , Austria , founded in 1989 by Professor Bruno Buchberger .
WuXi PharmaTech ( pronounced WOO - shee ) is a research and development ( R&D ) services company headquartered in Shanghai , with operations in China and the United States .
Alliance Fiber Optic Products , Inc. ( NASDAQ : AFOP ) was set up in 1995 and now is based in Sunnyvale , California .
AddThis is a media web - tracking technology company based in Vienna , Virginia , United States .
Olan Mills , Inc. was a privately owned American company founded in 1932 by Olan Mills Sr . and Mary Mills headquartered in Chattanooga , Tennessee that provided portrait photography and church directories through its two main corporate divisions :
Mekong Auto Corporation headquartered in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam , is a car manufacturer and assembler founded in 1991 .
ARX ( Algorithmic Research Ltd. ) is a digital security company headquartered in San Francisco , CA , with offices in the UK , the Netherlands , Australia and Israel .
Microfinance Focus is an English - language microfinance international online news media and publication company based in Bangalore , India .
The Max Planck Institute for Comparative and International Private Law ( Max - Planck - Institut für ausländisches und internationales Privatrecht , MPIPRIV ) is a legal research institute located in Hamburg , Germany .
Lifeboat Distribution is a multinational value added distributor based in Shrewsbury , New Jersey and has locations in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada and Almere near Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Bank Pundi Indonesia , headquartered in Jakarta , is a bank focusing on micro - enterprises and small and medium enterprises .
Pier 1 Imports Inc. is a Fort Worth , Texas -- based retailer specializing in imported home furnishings and decor , particularly furniture , table - top items , decorative accessories , and seasonal decor .
Y.O Concept is a French racecar constructor based in Cornillé , Brittany .
Delticom AG is a listed company based in Hanover .
Benefit Cosmetics LLC is a manufacturer of cosmetics founded and headquartered in San Francisco , California selling at over 2,000 counters in more than 30 countries .
Metropolitan Brewing is a brewery located in Chicago , Illinois that was founded in 2008 by ( former ) husband and wife team Doug Hurst and Tracy Hurst .
Three Chimneys Farm is an American thoroughbred race horse breeding farm in Midway , Kentucky established in 1972 by Mr. & Mrs. Robert N. Clay .
Vedior N.V. was an international staffing services company providing flexible labour , based in Amsterdam , the Netherlands and , thus , contributes more than 60 % of its revenue to the social benefits of its employees there .
Compañía Nacional de Chocolates de Perú S.A. ( English : National Chocolates Company of Peru ) is a food and beverage company headquartered in Lima , Peru .
Omninet is headquartered in Eckental Germany in the region of Nuremberg .
Hindustan Shipyard Limited ( HSL ) is a shipyard located in Visakhapatnam on the east coast of India .
On August 6 , 2014 , Red Lobster announced their new headquarters location in CNL Center City Commons in Orlando , Florida , .
WMF Group ( `` formerly known as Württembergische Metallwarenfabrik '' ) is a German tableware manufacturer , founded in 1853 in Geislingen an der Steige by the miller Daniel Straub and the brothers Schweizer .
Yash Birla Group is Indian industrial conglomerate group based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
The Alnatura Produktions- und Handels GmbH is a chain of organic food supermarkets headquartered in Bickenbach , Hesse in Germany .
LibanPost is the national post office of Lebanon .
The United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) , French / Spanish / Portuguese acronym ONUDI , is a specialized agency in the United Nations system , headquartered in Vienna , Austria .
Alter és Kiss was a leading fashion house in Central Europe which began in 1829 in Budapest , Hungary , producing tailor - made clothing for high society , including the Viennese royal family .
Founded in 1886 in Paris , Fauchon is an international gourmet food company , which sells a wide range of own - brand products including delicatessen , cakes and pastry , breads , confectionery .
The Locanto Classifieds sites are operated by the German startup company Yalwa located in Wiesbaden , Germany .
Illwinter Game Design ( formerly Bogus ) is the name of a small software company in Sweden composed of Johan Karlsson and Kristoffer Osterman .
Pink International Company ( full legal name : Preduzeće za informisanje i marketing Pink International Company d.o.o . Beograd ) is a Serbian media company headquartered in Belgrade .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas , Inc ( TMMTX ) is an automobile production subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation based in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Omnicom Group , Inc. is an American - based global marketing and corporate communications holding company , headquartered in New York City .
Octopus Holdings Limited ( Chinese : 八達通控股有限公司 ) is a holding company based in Hong Kong jointly owned by five major transport companies in the city .
Bindomatic AB is a company registered in Sweden and with head office in Stockholm .
Sequoia Capital is an American venture capital firm located in Menlo Park , California , United States .
Maxim Power Corp. ( TSX : MXG ) is headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , Canada and owns and operates generating facilities in Canada , United States and France .
Heinrich Lanz AG was an agricultural machinery manufacturer from Mannheim , Germany .
The School of Advanced Military Studies ( SAMS ) is one of four United States Army schools that make up the United States Army Command and General Staff College ( CGSC ) at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas .
Wally Heider Studios was a recording studio in San Francisco , California between 1969 and 1980 , started by recording engineer and studio owner Wally Heider .
John Lobb Bootmaker has been in business since 1866 in London and 1902 in Paris .
PowerFX is a small recording company , based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Elephants Delicatessen is a local delicatessen and catering company based in Portland , Oregon , in the United States , established in 1979 .
Headquartered in Grand Rapids , Michigan , GFS Canada distributes fresh foods , canned and dry foods , fresh and frozen meats , seafood and poultry , imported special orders , equipment , supplies and much more .
The Acme Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Rockford , Illinois , founded in 1928 .
Headquartered in Lafayette , Louisiana , Acadian Ambulance maintains a fleet of more than 400 ground ambulances , as well as eight medical transport helicopters and five fixed - wing aircraft that provide aerial transport to medical facilities .
Nexaweb is headquartered in Burlington , Massachusetts with sales and service offices in Japan and the Netherlands .
In 1986 Harmonia Mundi ( France ) moved to Arles , France .
Ludia , a member of the FremantleMedia family , is a Canadian video game developer based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada that creates and distributes cross - platform digital games with mass consumer appeal .
Gummer and Ford was an architectural firm founded in 1923 in Auckland , New Zealand by William Henry Gummer and Charles Reginald Ford .
Carrozzeria Touring Superleggera is an automobile coachbuilder established on 25 March 1926 in Milan , Italy by Felice Bianchi Anderloni ( 1882 - -1948 ) and Gaetano Ponzoni .
Molina Healthcare ( NYSE : MOH ) is a managed care company headquartered in Long Beach , California , United States .
Comerica , Inc. is an American financial services company founded in Detroit , Michigan and currently headquartered in Dallas , Texas .
Ninetowns Internet Technology Group Company Limited was set up in 1995 and now is based in Beijing , China , providing enterprise online software .
At the Fairs in Helsinki in 1950 , Karhula - Iittala was awarded gold for their products and the public voted Tapio Wirkkala 's Kantarelli as the most beautiful object at the exhibition .
Off Color Brewing is an American craft beer brewery in the Logan Square neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois .
Whessoe is a company based in Darlington and on Teesside in North East England .
Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH is a privately owned enterprise located in Traunreut , Germany that manufactures numerical controls for machine tools , as well as mechatronic measuring devices for length and angle .
Fabrika reznog alata ( abbr . FRA ; full legal name : Akcionarsko društvo Fabrika reznog alata Čačak ) is a Serbian tool manufacturing company .
Marco 's Pizza , operated by Marco 's Franchising , LLC , is a restaurant chain and interstate franchise based in Toledo , Ohio that specializes in Italian - American cuisine .
Raleigh Haberdasher , more commonly called Raleigh 's , was a high end , local men 's and women 's furnishings store based in Washington , D.C.
Gabe 's , formerly Gabriel Brothers , Inc. , founded in 1961 , is a private discount fashion retailer headquartered in Morgantown , West Virginia , USA .
PC World 's company name is IDG Consumer & SMB , and it is headquartered in San Francisco .
Cranberry Production is a continuation of 4HEAD Studios , a Hanover - based game development company founded in 1997 by Lars Martensen and Tobias Severin .
Founded in 2003 , Glass Lewis is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in New York , Washington DC , Ireland , Germany and Australia .
Aleutia Computers Ltd. ( pronounced al - oo - sha ) is a privately owned computer manufacturer based in London , United Kingdom .
United Commercial Bank ( Chinese : 聯合銀行 ) was an overseas Chinese bank in the United States , based in San Francisco , California .
Wirtualna Polska was created by Leszek Bogdanowicz , Damian Woźniak , Marek Borzetowski and Jacek Kawalec at Politechnika Gdańska in Gdańsk , who met each other via the Internet .
Fantasy Productions Medienvertriebsgesellschaft GmbH ( aka FanPro ) is a German publishing company based in Erkrath .
The Seoudi Group is an Egyptian automobile manufacturer which was founded in 1975 with its current head office in Cairo .
Kerala State Financial Enterprises Limited ( KSFE ) is a public sector non - banking financial company based in Thrissur city , Kerala , India .
Hitachi Consulting Corporation is an international management and technology consulting firm with headquarters in Dallas , Texas .
Charles ' Southern Style Kitchen , a.k.a . Charles ' Pan Fried Chicken , is a soul food and Southern Food restaurant located at 308 Lenox Avenue ( between 125th & 126th Streets ) , in Harlem in Manhattan , in New York City .
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. ( MLSE ) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Plantify.co.uk is an online plant shop based in Windsor , Berkshire ( UK ) that sells a wide variety of herbaceous and perennial plants .
Rosecrance is a private , not - for - profit behavioral health organization based in Rockford , Illinois .
Petco Animal Supplies is a privately held pet retailer in the United States , with corporate offices in San Diego and San Antonio , that sells pets as well as pet products and services .
Interdata , Inc. , was a computer company , founded in 1966 and based in Oceanport , New Jersey , that produced a line of 16- and 32-bit minicomputers .
The Hirschsprung Collection ( Danish : Den Hirschsprungske Samling ) is an art museum located on Stockholmsgade in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Cornell University ( /kɔːrˈnɛl/ kor - NEL ) is an American private Ivy League and federal land - grant research university located in Ithaca , New York .
GMR Group is an infrastructural company headquartered in Bangalore .
James Hardie Industries Ltd. is an industrial building materials company headquartered in Ireland and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange which specialises in fibre cement products .
Rogers Wireless is a Canadian wireless telephone company headquartered in Toronto , providing service nationally throughout Canada .
Funnelback 's headquarters and research and development is based in Canberra , with additional offices in Sydney , Brisbane , Melbourne , Hobart , Adelaide , London , New York , Wellington , Edinburgh and Szczecin .
Bincho , also known as Bincho Yakitori , is a London - based Japanese restaurant styled on the traditional izakayas found throughout Japan .
National Company of Lignite Oltenia ( Romanian : Societatea Naţională a Lignitului Oltenia - SNLO ) Târgu - Jiu was set up as a commercial society by the Government of Romania in 1997 .
International Textile Group ( ITG ) ( OTCQB : ITXN ) is a diversified American fabric maker based in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Oregon Chai is an American beverage company based in Portland , Oregon .
Hawaii State Federal Credit Union ( HSFCU ) is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Honolulu , Hawaii and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) .
Following the financial difficulties of British Energy in the Fall of 2002 , the LLP became a wholly Canadian - owned Limited Partnership on Feb. 14 , 2003 In May 2001 , Bruce Power became the licensed operator of the Bruce Nuclear Generating Station in Tiverton , Ontario , acquiring the sites from the defunct Ontario Hydro .
Helsana AG , headquartered in Dübendorf , is a major Swiss health insurance company .
Autodesk Media and Entertainment , including the former company Discreet Logic , is based in Montreal , Quebec as the entertainment division of Autodesk .
Countable Corp. is a San Francisco based technology startup company .
Yellow Rat Bastard is the flagship establishment in a chain of New York City retail clothing stores owned by Henry Ishay .
Timeform Publications is a publishing company in Halifax , West Yorkshire , England founded in 1948 to provide information to fans , bettors , and others involved in the horse racing industry .
San Juan Cable LLC ( d / b / a OneLink Communications ) was a triple player telecommunications company that provided broadband Internet access , VoIP , and television services in Puerto Rico .
The European Securities and Markets Authority ( ESMA ) is a European Union financial regulatory institution and European Supervisory Authority , located in Paris .
Tigar Tyres ( full legal name : Preduzeće za proizvodnju guma Tigar Tyres d.o.o . Pirot ) is a Serbian tire manufacturing company based in Pirot , Serbia .
Temple Street Productions is a Canadian television , film and digital media production company based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
California State University , Northridge ( also known as CSUN ) is a public university in the Northridge neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , United States , in the San Fernando Valley .
Westermann Verlag ( English : `` Westermann Publishing '' ) is a German publishing firm , founded in the 19th century in Braunschweig , Duchy of Brunswick by George Westermann ( 23 February 1810 in Leipzig ; 7 September 1879 in Wiesbaden ) .
Voipfone is a UK ( London ) based Internet Telephone Service ( VoIP ) provided by iNet Telecoms Ltd , which was founded in 2004 by Lee Rose .
The Balboa Amusement Producing Company ( also known as Balboa Studios ) was a film production company in Long Beach , California from 1913 to 1918 that produced more than 240 films .
Air Guinea was a short - lived airline based in Malabo , Equatorial Guinea .
MG Sports and Racing Europe Limited was a British automotive company based in Eardiston , Tenbury Wells in Worcestershire .
Severnaya Verf ( Northern Shipyard ) is a shipyard in Saint Petersburg , Russia and a major shipyard producing both naval and civilian ships .
Zamil Industrial Investment Co. ( Zamil Industrial ) ( Arabic : شركة الزامل للاستثمار الصناعي‎ ) is a publicly listed company based in Dammam , Saudi Arabia .
Based in Santa Monica , California , Myriad Pictures is a leading independent entertainment company specializing in production , financing and worldwide distribution of feature films and television programming .
Harpoon Brewery is an American brewery , with plants in Boston , Massachusetts and Windsor , Vermont .
Miljonlotteriet is situated in Mölnlycke , Sweden and has 60 employees .
Kantega is a Norwegian software corporation founded in 2003 with headquarters in Oslo .
Cascade AIDS Project ( CAP ) is a nonprofit organization based in Portland , Oregon , in the United States .
Radomir Jovanovic founded SPiDCOM in September 2002 as subsidiary to a group that included ELSYS Design in Paris , where the initial project started .
SiriusDecisions , Inc. is a global B2B research and advisory firm with headquarters in Wilton , Connecticut .
Fan Milk has sister companies in Ghana , Senegal , Togo , Benin , Burkina Faso and Code d'Ivoire .
Cyclone Studios was an American video game developer and publisher based in the San Mateo , California . It developed several titles for the 3DO Console and later PC .
Jyothy Laboratories Ltd ( BSE : 532926 , NSE : JYOTHYLAB ) is a Mumbai - based fast - moving consumer goods company founded in 1983 .
Sequans Communications ( NYSE : SQNS ) is fabless 4 G chip company based in Paris , France with offices in the United States , United Kingdom , Israel , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taiwan , South Korea , and China .
Avalon International Breads is a bakery located in Detroit , Michigan , that produces a wide variety of baked goods , including breads , rolls , pizzas , cookies , and pastries , as well as sandwiches and coffee .
The High - Tech Gründerfonds ( or HTGF ) is a public - private venture capital investment firm based in Bonn , Germany .
Fantasy Flight Games ( FFG ) is a game company based in Roseville , Minnesota , United States , that creates and publishes role - playing , board , and card games .
Ennead Architects LLP is a New York City - based architectural firm .
The Attic Entertainment Software GmbH was a German video game developer and publisher that was founded in September 1990 by Hans - Jürgen Brändle , Jochen Hamma and Guido Henkel in Albstadt , Baden - Württemberg .
Teledyne Turbine Engines ( TTE ) is a turbine engine manufacturer located in Toledo , Ohio .
Del - Fi Records was an American record label based in Hollywood , California and owned by Bob Keane .
Women Wise is a new media production company based in Toronto , Canada whose corporate culture and goals are centered on encouraging women to become involved with new technology .
Framepool is a stock footage agency , based in Munich , Germany with subsidiaries in the United Kingdom , USA and offices in France , Spain .
Leading Edge Aviation Services is an FAA - certified Maintenance , Repair and Overhaul ( `` MRO '' ) company based in Costa Mesa , CA .
Unplugged Cities was founded in Minneapolis , Minnesota on January 2005 .
Plant Delights Nursery is a mail order plant nursery based in Raleigh , North Carolina , specializing in herbaceous perennials , and owned by Tony Avent and partner Anita Avent .
Azendoo is a web - based collaborative task management software founded in Bordeaux , France in December 2010 by Benoit Droulin , Christophe Gagin and Grégory Lefort .
Tagged is a social discovery website based in San Francisco , California , founded in 2004 .
TCF Bank is the wholly owned banking subsidiary of TCF Financial Corporation , a bank holding company headquartered in Wayzata , Minnesota .
Scottrade is a privately owned American discount retail brokerage firm headquartered in Town and Country , Missouri .
Kenton Hills Porcelains are high - fired soft paste porcelain products manufactured by Kenton Hills Porcelains , Inc. The company operated from 1940 to 1943 in Erlanger , Kentucky .
The American Economic Association ( AEA ) is a learned society in the field of economics , headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee .
Traveling Spoon is a San Francisco , California - based food tourism startup company that connects travelers with local hosts who prepare homemade local cuisine in their homes .
Flexform SpA is an Italian company with its head office in Meda , Italy , at the centre of the furniture production district of La Brianza .
VSTEP B.V. or VSTEP , is a virtual training and simulation developer located in Rotterdam , The Netherlands , and one of the developers in the European virtual training & simulation industry .
The John William Pope Foundation is a nonprofit 501(c)(3 ) private charitable foundation based in Raleigh , North Carolina , that contributes to conservative public policy organizations and think tanks , educational institutions , humanitarian charities , and the arts .
Hamilton Bradshaw is a mid - market private equity firm with headquarters in London , England .
Shafer Valve Company is a Mansfield , Ohio - based manufacturer and distributor of piping products , specialising in the gas pipeline and water pumping industries .
The Circus Drive - In is a fast food hamburger drive - in restaurant located in Wall Township , New Jersey .
SBA Communications Corporation was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Boca Raton , Florida .
RiverSoft plc was a publicly limited company listed on the London Stock Exchange , in 2000 .
Telefunken was a German radio and television apparatus company , founded in Berlin in 1903 , as a joint venture of Siemens & Halske and the Allgemeine Elektricitäts - Gesellschaft ( AEG ) ( General Electricity Company ) .
Adcash is a worldwide advertising platform based in Tallinn , Estonia , As of 2014 , the Adcash platform delivered advertising content to hundreds of millions unique visitors each day through its network of over 100,000 websites and mobile applications .
Alteon WebSystems Incorporated , originally known as Alteon Networks , was a computer network hardware company based in San Jose , California .
It is named after Westfalia - Werke , the contractor that built the vans , which is headquartered in the town of Rheda - Wiedenbrück , located in the Westphalia region of Germany .
In October 2014 , the company changed its name from Aastrom Bio to Vericel and relocated its headquarters from Ann Arbor , Michigan to Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Vasant Vyakhyanmala is a traditional annual spring lecture series held in Pune , India , for the last 140 years and hosted by Vaktruttvottejak Sabha . Vaktruttvottejak Sabha was founded by Mahadev Govind Ranade in 1875.The idea was to present a variety of lectures , across various topics to the people .
Dupont Brewery ( in French : Brasserie Dupont ) is a brewery in Tourpes ( Leuze - en - Hainaut ) , in West - Hainaut , Belgium .
Precision Monolithics , Inc. also known in the electronics industry ( and popularly ) as PMI , was an American company based in Santa Clara , California , USA that developed and produced mixed signal and linear semiconductors , and is especially noteworthy as the first company to make two - chip and single chip D / A converters .
L-3 Wescam is based in Burlington , Ontario Canada
Dehns ( formerly `` Frank B. Dehn & Co. '' ) is a United Kingdom firm of patent and trade mark attorneys , with offices in London , Brighton , Oxford , Leeds and Munich .
Infinity Luthiers is an American manufacturer of handmade custom high - end steel stringed guitars and mandolins headquartered in Springfield , Illinois .
Straker - Squire ( also known as Brazil Straker ) was a British automobile manufacturer based in Bristol , and later Edmonton in North London .
Zeitenspiegel Reportagen is a co - operative of writers and photographers based in Weinstadt , near Stuttgart .
Kulabyte was a private company headquartered in San Marcos , Texas that developed live video encoding and video streaming software and provided streaming event services .
Trailer Bridge , Inc. is a freight service company headquartered in Jacksonville , Florida , that offers international and domestic shipping with primary international calls to San Juan , Puerto Rico and Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic .
Sony BMG was fined 10 million dollars after the New York Attorney General 's office determined that they had been practicing payola mostly in the form of direct payments to radio stations and bribes to disc jockeys to promote various artists including Franz Ferdinand , Audioslave , and mainly Jessica Simpson .
Amur State University named for Sholom Aleichem ( Russian : Приамурский государственный университет имени Шолом-Алейхема ) , formerly Birobidzhan Jewish National University is a university in Russia .
Aces High Light Aircraft was a Canadian ultralight manufacturer , located in London , Ontario .
Frontier Natural Products Co - op is a wholesaler of natural and organic products , founded in 1976 and based in Norway , Iowa .
WorkerExpress , based in San Francisco , California , is the first branchless provider of temporary skilled labor to the construction industry and other light industry .
Headquartered in Temple , Texas , Wilsonart was founded by Ralph Wilson Sr . in 1956 .
According to Glanbia Collections in Kilkenny Archives at St Kieran 's College , Kilkenny , the Avonmore Coop brand was created through the merger of the following Village Creameries that are included among their archives for :
K - Swiss , Inc. is an American footwear company based in Westlake Village , California .
Veuve Perrin ( Widow Perrin ) was a factory in Marseille , France that manufactured Faïence wares between 1748 and 1803 .
Allen Tate Realtors is an independent real estate company headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina , with 41 offices and more than 1,400 employees in North and South Carolina .
Telenor Group ( OSE : TEL ; Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈteːləˈnuːr ) or ( tɛləˈnuːr ) ) is a Norwegian multinational telecommunications company headquartered at Fornebu in Bærum , close to Oslo .
Currensee ( or currensee.com ) was a financial services company based in Boston to serve as a social network for foreign exchange ( FX , Forex or currency ) traders .
HiddenLevers is a financial technology company located in New York City .
Mainostoimisto VwD is an advertising agency based in Oulu , Finland .
Dexterity Software was a computer game company founded in 1994 in Los Angeles by Steve Pavlina .
Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala is an ayurvedic pharmaceutical company situated in Thaikkattusseri , near Ollur , Thrissur city in Kerala state .
Marsh Supermarkets is a retail food chain headquartered in Indianapolis , Indiana , with stores throughout Central Indiana and parts of western Ohio ( including metropolitan Cincinnati ) .
Free the Vote North Carolina was originally founded as the North Carolinians for Free and Proper Elections , or NCFPE , in June 2008 by Jordon M. Greene , who at the time was a sophomore Political Science major at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte .
Eide Bailly LLP is a regional certified public accounting and business advisory firm headquartered in Fargo , North Dakota .
Jiangnan Shipyard ( Chinese : 江南造船厂 ; pinyin : Jiāngnán Zàochuán Chǎng ) is a historic shipyard located in Shanghai , China .
Little Green Men Games studio has been established in late 2006 in Zagreb , Croatia .
Philipp Holzmann AG was a German construction company based in Frankfurt am Main .
Plumbworld is a specialist bathroom retailer based in the market town of Evesham in the United Kingdom .
CHUMBA Racing is a manufacturer of recreational and competition mountain bikes located in Anaheim , CA
Raychem Corporation was founded in Menlo Park / Redwood City , California in 1957 by Paul Cook , James B. Meikle , and Richard W. Muchmore .
Evryware Inc. is a computer game development company based in Olympia , Washington , USA .
It has its head office in the Malaysia Airports Corporate Office in the Persiaran Korporat KLIA in Kuala Lumpur International Airport ( KLIA ) , Sepang , Selangor .
The Rakovski Defence and Staff College ( Bulgarian : Военна академия `` Георги Стойков Раковски `` ) , based in Sofia , is Bulgaria 's oldest military institution of higher education .
When the much larger SR.N4 craft , capable of carrying 30 vehicles and 254 passengers , were delivered in 1969 , Hoverlloyd moved operations to a purpose built `` hoverport '' in Pegwell Bay , near Ramsgate .
The Cake Network was a Curaçao based online poker network owned and operated by parent company Cake Gaming NV .
CornerWorld has headquarters in Dallas , Texas , as well as offices in Holland , Michigan , and New York , New York .
SENSIO Technologies , Inc. , also known as SENSIO , is a Montreal company that develops and markets stereoscopic image - processing technologies facilitating the creation and delivery of 3D content .
Bushmaster Firearms International , LLC , based in Madison , North Carolina , United States , is a manufacturer and distributor of firearms .
Ontario Malleable Iron Company ( OMIC ) was an iron foundry established in Oshawa , Ontario by brothers John Cowan and William Cowan .
Aroma Café ( S.A. ) is an Argentine coffee chain , founded in London , England in 1991 and started in Buenos Aires , Argentina in 2000 .
Dragon Models Limited ( Dragon or DML for short ) is a Hong - Kong - based manufacturer of plastic model kits , diecast models and military action figures .
Pink Gorilla , LLC is a well - known retro and imported video game retailer with four locations around Seattle , Washington .
Fuuse presents World Woman Banaz A Love Story screening and conversation event in Oslo hosted in collaboration with Fritt Ord January 2013 .
Boulevard Recording is a recording studio in Hollywood , California that was opened in 2010 under the ownership of producer Clay Blair .
Keen Software House is an independent video game developing company based in Prague , Czech Republic .
Torys LLP is a Canadian international business law firm with offices in Toronto , Calgary , New York , Montreal and Halifax .
ABC Motors Limited ( All British ( Engine ) Company ) of Hersham , Surrey , England was a manufacturer of cars , aircraft , motor scooters , and engines for road and air .
KDD Group ( Kyiv Donbass Development)- is Ukrainian real estate development company famous for its Sky Towers mixed - use development in Kiev .
Wiesmann GmbH was a German automobile manufacturer based in Dülmen , Germany .
St. Lawrence Sugar - established in 1888 in Montreal and later acquired by Lantic Sugar 1984 Rogers Sugar - established in 1890 in Vancouver by Benjamin Tingley Rogers ( 1865 - 1918 ) , American - born founder His father was President of E.J. Gay 's Sugar of New Orleans .
Indie Boyz is a European company based in London , United Kingdom and a subsidiary of Eurocreme which specializes in the production and distribution of gay pornographic films , generally featuring twinks , though they have also released a number of series devoted to studs and men of more diverse appearance .
The Magic Logix headquarters are in Dallas , Texas .
Banco do Nordeste is a Brazilian regional development bank headquartered in Fortaleza , Ceará .
Automobiles Rally was a small company which made sporting automobiles in Colombes , a northwestern suburb of Paris .
The Schwarzkopf & Schwarzkopf Verlag is a German publishing house founded in 1992 by Oliver Schwarzkopf in Berlin .
The Italian Cricket Federation also runs an academy for youth development located 180 km North of Rome , at Grosseto Cricket Club .
Skygoblin is a video game developer based in Sweden , formed in 2005 as SLX Games .
Nyfors Teknologi AB is a high - end supplier of advanced optical fiber handling equipment , based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Giraffe Restaurants is a United Kingdom restaurant and cafe chain , founded in Hampstead in 1998 by Juliette Joffe , Russel Joffe and Andrew Jacobs .
Happy Harbor Comics is a Canadian comic book store located in Edmonton , Alberta .
Continental Illinois can be traced back to two Chicago banks , the Commercial National Bank , founded during the American Civil War , and the Continental National Bank , founded in 1883 .
Nirala Sweets is a confectionery chain based in Lahore , Pakistan with 22 stores across various cities in Pakistan ( 15 in Lahore ) and 2 stores in the UAE ( 1 in Dubai and 1 in Sharjah ) .
Voxer is a San Francisco based mobile app development company most well known for its free Voxer Walkie Talkie app for smartphones .
Barker 's Farm ( also known as Barker 's Farmstand or the Barker Farm ) is an American farm and orchard in North Andover , Massachusetts .
Sands China Limited ( Chinese : 金沙中國有限公司 ) is an integrated resort developer and operator in Macau and a subsidiary of Las Vegas Sands Corp , the owner of The Venetian Las Vegas and The Palazzo .
The Disneyland Resort , commonly known as Disneyland , is an entertainment resort in Anaheim , California .
Hair of the Dog Brewing Company is a brewery in Portland , Oregon , USA .
Peroni S.p . A. is a company headquartered in Gallarate , Italy .
Juan de Arellano ( 3 August 1614 -- 13 October 1676 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque era who specialized in floral still life paintings .
Helga Schubert ( Pseudonym for Helga Helm , born 7 January 1940 in Berlin ) is a German Psychologist and author .
Jacques - Hyacinthe Serry ( 1659 - -1738 ) was a French Dominican Thomist theologian , controversialist and historian .
Don Antonio de Mendoza y Pacheco ( Spanish : Antonio de Mendoza ) ( 1495 -- July 21 , 1552 ) was the first viceroy of New Spain , serving from April 17 , 1535 to November 25 , 1550 , and the third viceroy of Peru , from September 23 , 1551 , to July 21 , 1552 .
Pierre Besnard ( 8 October 1886 -- 19 February 1947 ) was a French revolutionary syndicalist .
Karl Martin Lönnebo ( born 1930 ) is a Swedish clergyman who served as Bishop of the diocese of Linköping from 1980 to 1994 .
İsmet Özel ( born 19 September 1944 in Kayseri ) is a Turkish poet and scholar .
He was the host of the long - running talk show El Show de Rolando Barral , the first Spanish - language talk show in American television .
Mihály Balázs ( born 1948 ) is a Hungarian Catholic historian and professor of religious history at the University of Szeged .
Venu Arvind is a Tamil television and film actor .
Pietro Citati ( born 1930 , Florence ) is a famous Italian writer and literary critic .
Osmo Pekonen , PhD , D.Soc . Sc . , ( born 2 April 1960 ) , is a Finnish mathematician , historian of science , and author .
Isaac Todhunter FRS ( 23 November 1820 -- 1 March 1884 ) , was an English mathematician who is best known today for the books he wrote on mathematics and its history .
Kim You - jeong ( Korean : 김유정 ; also romanised as Kim Yoo - jung , Kim Yu - chŏng and Kim Yu - jeong ; 11 January 1908 -- 29 March 1937 ) was a Korean novelist .
Philip James Bailey ( 22 April 1816 -- 6 September 1902 ) was an English Spasmodic poet , best known as the author of Festus .
Olivier Ducastel ( born 23 February 1962 , Lyon ) is a French film director , screenwriter and sound editor who currently works in collaboration with partner Jacques Martineau .
Stefan Brijs ( born 29 December 1969 ) is a Belgian novelist writing in Dutch .
Nancy Armstrong ( born 1938 ) is a scholar , critic and professor of English at Duke University .
Rafael Moreno Aranzadi ( 23 May 1892 -- 1 March 1922 ) , known as Pichichi ( Little Duck ) , was a Spanish footballer who played as a striker .
Alejandro Alonso Núñez ( born 20 August 1951 , in Valdepeñas ( Spain ) ) is a Spanish politician .
William Gowland ( 16 December 1842 -- 9 June 1922 ) was an English mining engineer most famous for his archaeological work at Stonehenge and in Japan .
Professor Dov Sadan ( Hebrew : דב סדן‎ , born Dov Stock on 21 February 1902 , died 14 October 1989 ) was an Israeli academic and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1965 and 1968 .
Mario Gariazzo ( 4 June 1930 -- March , 2002 ) was an Italian screenwriter and film director .
Béla Kondor ( Pestszentlőrinc , February 17 , Budapest , 1931-December 12 , 1972 ) was a Hungarian painter , prose writer , poet , photographer , and avant - garde graphic artist .
Ernst Wilhelm Eschmann ( pseud . Leopold Dingräve , Von Severus , 1904 - 1987 ) was a German author , sociologist and playwright .
Maurice Pillard Verneuil ( 1869 - -1942 ) was a French artist and decorator in the Art nouveau movement .
Spiridion Lusi ( Greek : Σπυρίδων Λούζης , Spyridon Louzis , Italian : Spiridione Lusi , German : Spiridion Graf von Lusi ; ca . 1741 -- ca . 1815 ) was a Greek scholar , diplomat , politician and naturalized ambassador of Prussia .
Tormod Haugen ( 12 May 1945 -- 18 October 2008 ) was a Norwegian writer of children 's books and translator .
Jonathan Barnes , FBA ( born 26 December 1942 in Wenlock , Shropshire ) is an English scholar of ancient philosophy .
Jean - Paul Willaime ( born 1947 in Charleville - Mézières , Ardennes ) is a French sociologist specialized in contemporary Protestantism , Christian ecumenism , Secularism and religions , theories and methods in the sociology of religions .
Francisco Javier Gutiérrez Díaz or simply F. Javier Gutiérrez is a Spanish film director , producer and writer .
Huang Ai ( simplified Chinese : 黄爱 ; traditional Chinese : 黃愛 ; pinyin : Huáng Aì ; born 1919 - September 28 , 2008 ) better known by his pen name Huang Yushi ( simplified Chinese : 黄雨石 ; traditional Chinese : 黃雨石 ; pinyin : Huáng Yǔshí ) .
Piotr Skarga ( less often , Piotr Powęski ; 2 February 1536 -- 27 September 1612 ) was a Polish Jesuit , preacher , hagiographer , polemicist , and leading figure of the Counter - Reformation in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Suleyman al - Boustani ( Arabic : سليمان البـسـتاني / ALA - LC : Sulaymān al - Bustānī ; 1856 - -1925 ) was born in Bkheshtin , Lebanon .
Marie Joséphine Louise , duchesse de Gontaut ( 1773 - -1857 ) was a French noble woman .
Agustín Remiro ( August 28 , 1904 -- June 21 , 1942 ) was a Spanish anarchist who was a crucial member of the resistance against Franco .
Tazio Secchiaroli ( 1925 -- 24 July 1998 ) was an Italian photographer known as one of the original paparazzi .
Bernardo Giner de los Ríos ( 1888 , Málaga - 1970 ) was a Spanish architect , politician , and writer of architectural books .
Mayadhar Mansingh ( 13 November 1905 - 11 October 1973 ) was an Odia poet and writer .
Sir John Rogers , 2nd Baronet ( 14 June 1676 -- 21 January 1744 ) was an English lawyer and politician .
Sir David Lean , CBE ( 25 March 1908 -- 16 April 1991 ) was an English film director , producer , screenwriter and editor , best remembered for big - screen epics such as The Bridge on the River Kwai ( 1957 ) , Lawrence of Arabia ( 1962 ) and Doctor Zhivago ( 1965 ) .
Jesús Puras Vidal de la Peña ( born March 16 , 1963 in Santander , Cantabria ) , also known as ' Chus Puras ' , is a Spanish rally driver active in the World Rally Championship from 1991 to 2002 .
Claro Abánades López ( 12 August 1879 -- 16 December 1973 ) was a Spanish journalist , publisher , historian and a Carlist activist .
Mercè Canela ( Sant Guim de Freixenet , la Segarra , 1956 ) is a Catalan writer and translator .
Dominique Janicaud ( 14 November 1937 -- 18 August 2002 ) was a French philosopher , known for his critical approach to the philosophy of Heidegger .
María del Pilar Peña Sánchez ( born 14 July 1973 ) , better known as Candela Peña , is a Spanish actress .
The Blessed Francesco Faà di Bruno ( 29 March 1825 -- 27 March 1888 ) was an Italian priest and advocate of the poor , and a leading mathematician of his era and a noted religious musician .
Rajit Kapur ( Hindi : रजित कपूर , Punjabi : ਰਜੀਤ ਕਪੂਰ ) is an Indian film and theatre actor as well as director .
Fernando Cuéllar Reyes ( born 22 September 1963 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( Spanish : Partido de la Revolución Democrática , PRD ) .
Antoine de La Garanderie ( 22 March 1920 -- 27 June 2010 ) was a French educator and philosopher .
Giulio Carpioni ( 1613 -- January 29 , 1678 ) was an Italian painter and etcher of the early Baroque era .
Seema Biswas acted as the heroine in Kishan Kartha 's Amshini ( Hindi ) which entered the Indian Panorama Section of Filmotsav 1988 .
Jacques Mikaël Der Mikaëlian better known as Jacques Hélian ( born in Paris , 7 June 1912 - died 29 June 1986 ) , was a famous French orchestra conductor for French music - hall .
Madeleine Giteau ( 1918 - -2005 ) was a French historian and member of the Ecole française d'Extrême - Orient , who devoted a great part of her life to research involving Laotian and Cambodian art , especially Khmer sculpture and iconography .
Spagna ( Italian : ( ˈspaɲɲa ) ; born Ivana Spagna , 16 December 1956 , Valeggio sul Mincio , Verona , Italy ) is an Italian singer and songwriter .
Charles Mathews ( 28 June 1776 , London -- 28 June 1835 , Devonport ) was an English theatre manager and comic actor , well known during his time for his gift of impersonation and skill at table entertainment .
Moritz August von Bethmann - Hollweg ( born 8 April 1795 in Frankfurt am Main , died 14 July 1877 on Rheineck castle near Niederbreisig on the Rhine ) was a German jurist and Prussian politician .
Kureepuzha Sreekumar ( born 10 April 1955 in Kureepuzha , Kollam , Kerala ) is a noted Malayalam poet of the post modern era .
Ernesto Vilches ( February 6 , 1879 in Tarragona - December 8 , 1954 in Barcelona ) was a Spanish film actor , director and screenwriter , known for his roles in Latin films , mainly in Argentina and Mexico .
Xu Yuanchong ( simplified Chinese : 许渊冲 ; traditional Chinese : 許淵冲 ; pinyin : Xǔ Yuānchōng ; born April 18 , 1921 in Jiangxi , China ) is a translator of Chinese ancient poets into English and French .
Asja Lācis ( Russian : Анна ' Ася ' Эрнестовна Лацис , Anna ' Asya ' Ernestovna Latsis ; German : Asja Lazis ; October 19 , 1891 -- November 21 , 1979 ) was a Latvian actress and theatre director .
Curt Goetz ( 17 November 1888 -- 12 September 1960 ) , born Kurt Walter Götz , was a Swiss German writer , actor and film director .
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe toˈmazi di lampeˈduza ) ; December 23 , 1896 -- July 26 , 1957 ) was an Italian writer and the last Prince of Lampedusa .
Simon of Ireland , of the late medieval era , was the author of a Latin poem `` in seventeen lacklustre hexameters of a law case involving a parson 's theft of an ox . ''
Konstantin von Höfler was a German church and general historian , publicist , ennobled anti - nationalist politician and poet .
Aleksander Świętochowski ( pseudonyms Poseł Prawdy ( Apostle of Truth ) and others ; 18 January 1849 -- 25 April 1938 ) was a Polish writer , educator , and philosopher of the Positivist period that followed the January 1863 Uprising .
Peter Ludwig Friedrich Baudri ( born 20 April 1808 in Elberfeld ( today part of Wuppertal ) ; died 6 October 1874 in Köln ) was a German painter and member of Reichstag .
Heinrich Alfred Hermann Walther von Brauchitsch ( 4 October 1881 -- 18 October 1948 ) was a German field marshal and the Commander - in - Chief of the German Army in the early years of World War II . Born into an aristocratic military family , Brauchitsch joined the 3rd Guards Grenadier Regiment 1901 .
Elena Oana Antonescu ( born 30 December 1979 , Targoviste , Romania ) is a Romanian politician , lawyer and Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) .
Gian Gaspare Napolitano ( 30 April 1907 -- 5 January 1966 ) was an Italian journalist , screenwriter and film director .
Irene Villa ( born 21 November 1978 ) is a Spanish author and journalist who became a political figure after losing both legs in an ETA attack in Madrid at the age of 12 .
Michelangelo Antonioni , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI ( 29 September 1912 -- 30 July 2007 ) , was an Italian film director , screenwriter , editor , and short story writer .
Jean - François Bergier ( French : ( bɛʁʒje ) ; 5 December 1931 , Lausanne , Vaud -- 29 October 2009 , Blonay ) was a Swiss historian .
Dušan Matić ( 31 August 1898 - 12 September 1980 ) was a Serbian poet who was active as part of the Belgrade surrealist group .
Johan Harstad ( born 10 February 1979 ) is a Norwegian novelist , short story writer , playwright and graphic designer .
Tone Hødnebø ( born 5 November 1962 ) is a Norwegian poet , translator and magazine editor .
Carlos Martínez Gorriarán is a Spanish scholar , born in San Sebastián , Basque Country , Spain .
Mykola Kulish ( Ukrainian : Микола Гурович Куліш ) ( December 19 , 1892 -- November 3 , 1937 ) was a Ukrainian prosaic , drama writer , pedagogue , veteran of World War I , and Red Army veteran .
Matija Bećković OSS ( Serbian Cyrillic : Матија Бећковић , pronounced ( mǎtija bɛ̂tɕkɔʋitɕ ) ; born 29 November 1939 ) is a Serbian writer and poet .
Wolfram Euler ( born 5 May 1950 ) is a German historical linguist and Indo - Europeanists .
George Besson ( 25 December 1882 -- 19 June 1971 ) was a French art critic , and the founder and director of Cahiers d'Aujourd'hui .
Hermann Lietz ( 28 April 1868 , Dumgenevitz auf Rügen -- 12 June 1919 , Haubinda ) was a German educational progressive and theologian who founded the German Landerziehungsheime für Jungen ( country boarding schools ) .
John Dobree Dalgairns ( 21 October 1818 -- 6 April 1876 ) , English Roman Catholic priest , was born in Guernsey .
Ernest Henri Dubois ( 1863 in Dieppe -- ? ) , was a French sculptor .
Sandipan Chattopadhyay ( Bengali : সন্দীপন চট্টোপাধ্যায় Sandipan Chôţţopaddhae ) ( 25 October 1933 -- 12 December 2005 ) was an Indian Bengali writer .
Eduardo Sáenz de Buruaga y Polanco ( 1893 in Camagüey , Cuba -- February 17 , 1964 in Madrid ) was a Spanish military officer from the Army of Africa .
François Coillard ( 17 July 1834 in Asnières - les - Bourges , Cher , France -- 27 May 1904 in Lealui , Barotseland , Northern Rhodesia ) was a French missionary who worked for the Paris Evangelical Missionary Society in southern Africa .
Juan Claudio de la Hoz y Mota ( 1630?--1710 ? ) , Spanish dramatist , was born in Madrid .
Jayasudha Kapoor ( born Sujatha Nidudavolu ) is an Indian film actress predominantly in Telugu Cinema and a former MLA for the Congress in Secunderabad .
Alessandro Mendini ( born 16 August 1931 in Milan ) is an Italian designer and architect .
Francesc de Tamarit i de Rifà ( 1600 - -1653 ) was a Catalan politician and military leader notable for his service during the Catalan Revolt and particularly at the Battle of Montjuïc in 1641 where a force made up mainly of Catalan Militia defeated a much larger Spanish army .
Christophe Miossec is a French singer and songwriter born in Brest , Brittany , France on December 24 , 1964 .
Sir William Hamilton Fyfe ( July 9 , 1878 -- June 13 , 1965 ) was an English and Canadian classics scholar , educator , and educational administrator .
Jules Comby ( 28 April 1853 -- 18 March 1947 ) was a French pediatrician .
Mathurin Jacques Brisson ( 30 April 1723 -- 23 June 1806 ) was a French zoologist and natural philosopher .
Cosme Gómez Tejada de los Reyes ( died c.1661 ) was a writer , poet and dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age .
Pierre Fauchard ( 1678 -- March 22 , 1761 ) was a French physician , credited as being the `` father of modern dentistry '' .
Katharina Hacker ( born 11 January 1967 ) is a German author best known for her award - winning novel Die Habenichtse ( The Have - Nots ) .
William Alabaster ( also Alablaster , Arblastier ) ( 27 February 1567 -- buried 28 April 1640 ) was an English poet , playwright , and religious writer .
Nurmyrat Saryhanow ( also transliterated as Sarykhanov : Russian : Нурмура́т Сарыха́нов , Nurmurat Sarykhanov ; 1906 - 1944 ) was a Soviet Turkmen short - story writer and novelist .
Johann Carolus ( 1575−1634 ) was a German publisher of the first newspaper , called Relation aller Fürnemmen und gedenckwürdigen Historien ( Account of all distinguished and commemorable news ) .
Gasparo Scaruffi ( 1519 - -1584 ) , from Reggio Emilia was an Italian economist who proposed a universal currency in order to facilitate an open , objective and just economic system , which , he argued , was the essential foundation of a just society .
Johannes Holzmann ( October 30 , 1882 -- April 28 , 1914 ) was a German anarchist writer and activist who generally went by the pseudonym Senna Hoy .
Johann Joachim Becher ( German : ( ˈbɛçɐ ) ; 6 May 1635 -- October 1682 ) was a German physician , alchemist , precursor of chemistry , scholar and adventurer , best known for his development of the phlogiston theory of combustion , and his advancement of Austrian cameralism .
Graham Hurley , born in 1946 at Clacton on Sea , is an English crime fiction writer .
Egon Schiele ( German : ( ˈʃiːlə ) SHEE - lə ; 12 June 1890 -- 31 October 1918 ) was an Austrian painter .
Paola Pivi ( b. 1971 in Milan , Italy ) is an Italian multimedia artist who lives and works in Anchorage , Alaska .
Hanne Darboven ( 29 April 1941 -- 9 March 2009 ) was a German conceptual artist , best known for her large scale minimalist installations consisting of handwritten tables of numbers .
Peter Watkins ( born 29 October 1935 ) is an English film and television director .
Frank Kidson ( 15 November 1855 -- 7 November 1926 ) was an English folksong collector and music scholar .
Paul Sérusier ( 9 November 1864 -- 7 October 1927 ) was a French painter who was a pioneer of abstract art and an inspiration for the avant - garde Nabis movement , Synthetism and Cloisonnism .
Luis Ortiz González ( Madrid , 1932 - 2 February 2006 ) was a Spanish politician and former Minister of Public Works in the Governments of Adolfo Suarez .
Claude de Bullion ( 13 October 1569 -- 22 December 1640 ) was a French aristocrat and politician who served as a Minister of Finance under Louis XIII from 1632 to 1640 .
Louis Grégoire Deschamps Destournelles ( 31 May 1744 -- 27 July 1795 ) was a French politician who was Minister of Finance during the French Revolution .
Béatrice Patrie ( born May 12 , 1957 in Lorient ) is a French former judge and Member of the European Parliament for the South West of France .
Margherita Hack , Dame Grand Cross OMRI ( Italian : ( marɡeˈriːta ˈ(h)akk ) ; 12 June 1922 -- 29 June 2013 ) was an Italian astrophysicist and popular science writer .
Luigi Palmieri ( April 22 , 1807 -- September 9 , 1896 ) was an Italian physicist and meteorologist .
Jean - Pierre Foucault ( born 23 November 1947 in Marseille ) is a French television and radio host .
Hermann Budzislawski ( 11 February 1901 -- 28 April 1978 ) was a German journalist with a particular focus on Economics and Politics .
Domenico Mennitti ( 11 August 1939 -- 6 April 2014 ) was an Italian journalist and politician from the Italian Social Movement .
Abdellah Taïa ( Arabic : عبد الله الطايع‎ ; born 1973 ) is a Moroccan writer and filmmaker who writes in the French language and has been based in Paris since 1998 .
Malachia Ormanian ( Armenian : Մաղաքիայ Օրմանեան ; 11 February 1841 -- 19 November 1918 ) was the Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople from 1896 to 1908 .
Michael Lentz ( born 1964 , Düren ) is a German author , musician , and performer of experimental texts and sound poetry .
Hovhannes Tumanyan ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Թումանյան ) ( February 19 ( O.S. February 7 ) 1869 -- March 23 , 1923 ) was an Armenian writer and public activist .
Joseph Ginat ( Hebrew : יוסף גינת‎,March 6 , 1936 -- 2009 ) was an Israeli anthropologist , author , political advisor , and soldier .
M. Saroja ( Tamil : சரோஜா ) was an Indian film actress and comedienne who worked in Tamil cinema .
Steff Gruber is married to the German communication designer Anke Felgenhauer .
Carl - Göran Ekerwald ( born December 30 , 1923 ) is a Swedish novelist , literary critic , forest worker and teacher .
Shmuel Niger ( also Samuel Niger , pen name of Samuel Charney , 1883 - 1955 ) was a Yiddish writer , literary critic and historian and was one of the leading figures of Yiddish cultural work and Yiddishism in pre - revolution Russia .
Johannes Hermann , also Johann Herrmann , ( 1515 -- 22 April 1593 in Freiberg ) was a German church musician , hymn writer and jurist .
Eduard Suess ( German pronunciation : ( ˈeːduaʁt ˈzyːs ) ; August 20 , 1831 -- April 26 , 1914 ) was an Austrian geologist who was an expert on the geography of the Alps .
Sir Thomas Elyot ( c. 1490 -- 26 March 1546 ) was an English diplomat and scholar .
Gaston Ghrenassia ( born 11 December 1938 in Constantine , then in French Algeria ) , known by his stage name Enrico Macias French pronunciation : ​(ɛn.ʁi.ko.ma'sjas ) , is a French Pied - noir singer , songwriter and musician .
Friedrich Markgraf ( 1 February 1897 in Berlin - Friedenau -- 8 March 1987 ) was a German botanist .
Jacques Davy Duperron ( 15 November 1556 -- 6 December 1618 ) was a French politician and Roman Catholic cardinal .
Pierre Rosenstiehl ( born 1933 ) is a French mathematician recognized for his work in graph theory , planar graphs , and graph drawing .
Thomas Carew ( pronounced as `` Carey '' ) ( 1595 -- 22 March 1640 ) was an English poet , among the ' Cavalier ' group of Caroline poets .
Rémy Bricka ( born April 10 , 1949 in Niederbronn - les - Bains , Bas - Rhin ) is a French musician , one - man band , and singer .
Gheorghe Țițeica ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈɡe̯orɡe t͡siˈt͡sejka ) ; 4 October 1873 in Turnu Severin -- 5 February 1939 ) publishing as George or Georges Tzitzeica ) was a Romanian mathematician with important contributions in geometry .
Ignaz Heinrich von Wessenberg ( 4 November 1774 -- 9 August 1860 ) was a German writer and scholar , and liberal Catholic churchman as well as Vicar general and administrator of the Diocese of Constance .
Andrea Salvadori ( 1591 -- buried 25 August 1634 ) was an Italian poet and librettist .
Kurt Tucholsky ( German : ( tuˈxɔlski ) ; January 9 , 1890 -- December 21 , 1935 ) was a German - Jewish journalist , satirist and writer .
Jean Girel ( born in 1947 ) is a French ceramic artist .
Thomas Kielinger OBE ( born July 1940 in Danzig ) is a German journalist , political commentator and author .
Ricardo Viñes y Roda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( riˈkarðo ˈβiɲes ) , Catalan : Ricard Viñes i Roda ; 5 February 1875 -- 29 April 1943 ) was a Spanish pianist .
Jean - Antoine - Marie Monperlier , ( 31 June 1788 -- 23 March 1819 ) was a French poet , playwright , and librettist .
Adolf Hölzel ( 13 May 1853 -- 17 October 1934 ) was a German artist / painter .
Marie Auguste Rivière ( 8 January 1821 -- 1877 ) was a French horticulturalist and pomologist .
Antoni Miralda ( born 1942 in Terrassa , Spain ) is a Spanish multidisciplinary artist .
Jeremias Felbinger ( 27 April 1616 -- c. 1690 ) was a German Socinian writer , teacher , and lexicographer .
Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg ( German : Felix Prinz zu Schwarzenberg ; 2 October 1800 -- 5 April 1852 ) was a Bohemian nobleman and an Austrian statesman who restored the Habsburg Empire as a European great power following the Revolutions of 1848 .
Luis García Ortega was a Spanish actor and screenwriter .
Isabelle Patissier is a French world champion rock climber and more recently a rally driver .
Maria Janion ( born 24 December 1926 in Mońki ) is a Polish scholar , critic and theoretician of literature as well as a renowned feminist .
Wilhelm Stekel ( German : ( ˈʃteːkəl ) ; March 18 , 1868 -- June 25 , 1940 ) was an Austrian physician and psychologist , who became one of Sigmund Freud 's earliest followers , and was once described as `` Freud 's most distinguished pupil . ''
Jerónimo Saavedra Acevedo ( Born 3 July 1936 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria ) is a Spanish politician .
Leonard Steckel ( 18 January 1901 -- 9 February 1971 ) was a German actor and director of stage and screen .
Tahar Ouettar ( Arabic : الطاهر وطار‎ ; 1936 -- August 12 , 2010 ) was an Algerian writer .
Stig Björkman ( born 2 October 1938 ) is a Swedish writer and film critic .
Gilbert Gress ( born 17 December 1941 in Strasbourg ) is a French football coach and a former football player .
Charles - Philippe Ronsin ( 1 December 1751 -- 24 March 1794 ) was a French general of the Revolutionary Army of the First French Republic , commanding the large Parisian division of l'Armée Révolutionnaire .
Charles - François Brisseau de Mirbel ( 27 March 1776 -- 12 September 1854 ) was a French botanist and politician .
Klas Östergren ( born 20 February 1955 ) is a Swedish novelist , screenwriter and translator .
Arcisse de Caumont ( 20 August 1801 , Bayeux -- 16 April 1873 ) was a French historian and archaeologist .
Caroline von Wolzogen , born Caroline von Lengefeld ( February 3 , 1763 , Rudolstadt -- January 11 , 1847 , Jena ) , was a German writer in the Weimar Classicism circle .
John Richard Jefferies ( 6 November 1848 -- 14 August 1887 ) was an English nature writer , noted for his depiction of English rural life in essays , books of natural history , and novels .
Ille Toktash ( Russian : Илья́ Семёнович Тукта́ш , Chuvash : Илле Тукташ ) ( 29 July 1907 , Bolshiye Toktashi village , Alikovsky District , Chuvash Republic -- 20 Jan 1957 ) was a Chuvash writer and poet .
William Crawford Williamson ( 24 November 1816 -- 23 June 1895 ) was an English naturalist and palaeobotanist .
Michael Morpurgo , OBE , FRSL , FKC , DL ( born 5 October 1943 , St Albans , Hertfordshire ) is an English book author , poet , playwright , and librettist who is known best for children 's novels such as War Horse ( 1982 ) .
Liu Xiaobo ( Chinese : 刘晓波 ; pinyin : Liú Xiǎobō ) ( born 28 December 1955 ) is a Chinese literary critic , writer , professor , and human rights activist who called for political reforms and the end of communist single - party rule .
Benedikt Taschen ( born 10 February 1961 ) , is a German publisher and collector of contemporary art . He is the founder and owner of TASCHEN , one of the most successful publishing houses in the field of art , architecture , design , film , photography and lifestyle .
Samar Yazbek ( Arabic : سمر يزبك ) is a Syrian writer and journalist .
Julia Leischik ( born 14 October 1970 ) is a German television presenter , television producer and editor - in - chief .
David Cal Figueroa ( born October 10 , 1982 in Cangas do Morrazo ) is a Spanish sprint canoer who has competed since 1999 .
Heinz von Lichberg , real name Heinz von Eschwege ( born 1890 in Marburg , died March 14 , 1951 in Lübeck ) was a German author and journalist , remembered chiefly for his 1916 short story Lolita .
Teiji Takagi ( 高木 貞治 Takagi Teiji , April 21 , 1875 -- February 28 , 1960 ) was a Japanese mathematician , best known for proving the Takagi existence theorem in class field theory .
Benedetto Ferrari ( ca . 1603 -- 1681 ) was an Italian composer , particularly of opera , librettist , and theorbo player .
Jean Gandois , AM ( born 7 May 1930 , Nieul , Haute - Vienne ) is a French businessman .
Marcel Van ( March 15 , 1928 -- July 10 , 1959 ) , or Marcel Nguyễn Tân Văn C.Ss . R. , Servant of God , was a Vietnamese Redemptorist brother .
Johannes Grenzfurthner ( German : ( joˈhanəs ˈgrɛntsfʊrtnə ) ; born 1975 in Vienna ) is an award - winning Austrian artist , filmmaker , writer , curator and theatre director .
Pierre - Auguste Renoir , commonly known as Auguste Renoir ( US /rɛnˈwɑːr/ or UK /ˈrɛnwɑːr/ ; French : ( pjɛʁ oɡyst ʁənwaʁ ) ; 25 February 1841 -- 3 December 1919 ) , was a French artist who was a leading painter in the development of the Impressionist style .
Henri Tomasi ( 17 August 1901 -- 13 January 1971 ) was a French classical composer and conductor .
John Creasey MBE ( 17 September 1908 -- 9 June 1973 ) was an English crime and science fiction writer who wrote more than six hundred novels using twenty - eight different pseudonyms .
Philippos Syrigos ( Greek : Φίλιππος Συρίγος ; 1948 -- October 13 , 2013 ) was a Greek investigative journalist and sports reporter who has investigated doping cases in Greece .
Enrique Vila - Matas ( born March 31 , 1948 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish novelist .
Xosé Luís Méndez Ferrín ( Ourense , 7 August 1938 ) is a Galician writer and poet and is widely considered the highest representative of contemporary Galician literature .
Park Ynhui ( born February 26 , 1930 ) is a South Korean poet and writer who publishes under the name Park Yeemun in Korean .
François Pallu , MEP ( 1626 - -1684 ) was a French bishop .
István Gyöngyösi ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈɟøɲɟøʃi ) ; 1620 , Rozsnyóbánya -- July 24 , 1704 ) , Hungarian poet , was born into a poor but noble parents .
Philip Hall FRS ( 11 April 1904 -- 30 December 1982 ) , was an English mathematician .
Raleb Majadele ( Arabic : غالب مجادلة‎ , Levantine Arabic : ( ˈɣaːleb maˈʒaːdele ) ; Hebrew : ראלב מג'אדלה‎ , ( ˈʁäleb mäˈd͡ʒädele ) ; also spelt Ghaleb Majadele , born 5 April 1953 ) is an Israeli Arab politician .
Simon West ( born 1961 ) is an English film director .
Teresa Bogusławska ( 13 July 1929 - 1 February 1945 ) was a Polish poet and a participant in the Warsaw Uprising .
Ellen Marriage ( 26 August 1865 -- 23 December 1946 ) was an English translator from French , notably of Balzac 's novels .
Luis Menéndez Pidal ( 1860 - -1932 ) was a Spanish genre painter , brother of Juan and Ramón Menéndez Pidal .
Ján Hollý ( contemporary orthography : Gán Hollí ; 24 March 1785 , Borský Mikuláš -- 14 April 1849 , Dobrá Voda ) was a Slovak poet and translator .
Antonythasan Jesuthasan ( Tamil : அந்தோனிதாசன் யேசுதாசன் ; born 1967 ) , also known by the pseudonym Shobasakthi ( Tamil : ஷோபா சக்தி ) , is a Sri Lankan Tamil author and actor .
Willi van Ooyen ( born 23 February 1947 in Weeze ) is a German politician of the socialist Linke Party , and current leader of the Linke party 's bloc in the Hessian Landtag .
Raymond Georges Yves Tanguy ( January 5 , 1900 -- January 15 , 1955 ) , known as Yves Tanguy , was a French surrealist painter .
Lars Widding , born 31 October 1924 in Umeå , Västerbotten , died 3 March 1994 , was a Swedish author and journalist , best known for his historic novels .
Alberto Carneiro ( born 1936 in São Mamede de Coronado , Coronado , Portugal ) is a Portuguese artist .
Jules Robert Auguste ( 1789 -- 15 April 1850 ) was a French painter associated with Romanticism and classicism .
Elizabeth Boyle , Countess of Guilford ( née Feilding ; died circa 3 September 1667 ) was an English peeress .
Edward Cave ( 27 February 1691 -- 10 January 1754 ) was an English printer , editor and publisher .
James Fillis ( 1834 - -1913 ) was a well - known English - born French riding master .
Jacqueline Marval was the pseudonym for Marie Josephine Vallet ( 1866 - 1932 ) , a French painter , lithographer , and sculptor .
Oscar Walter Cisek ( ( tsízek ) or ( tšisek ) ; December 6 , 1897 - May 30 , 1966 ) was a Romanian writer , diplomat , and art critic , who authored short stories , novels , poems and essays in both German and Romanian .
Jacqueline Robin ( December 11 , 1917 in Saint - Astier , Dordogne -- February 3 , 2007 in Taverny ) was a French pianist .
Walter Janka ( born Chemnitz 29 April 1914 : died Kleinmachnow 17 March 1994 ) was a German communist , political activist and writer who became a publisher .
Giuseppe Caron ( 24 February 1904 -- 3 March 1998 ) was an Italian Christian Democratic Party ( CDP ) politician who was a Minister in successive governments in the 1950s to the 1970s , and a European Commissioner .
Gennaro Granito Pignatelli di Belmonte ( April 10 , 1851 -- February 16 , 1948 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and a prominent member of the Roman Curia .
Giacomo Biffi ( 13 June 1928 -- 11 July 2015 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Guido del Giudice ( born August 14 , 1957 ) is an Italian philosopher and writer .
Anthea Bell OBE ( born 1936 ) is an English translator who has translated numerous literary works , especially children 's literature , from French , German and Danish to English .
Stephen Thrower ( born 9 December 1963 , Ashton - under - Lyne , Lancashire , England ) is an English musician and author .
Nathan Bistritzky ( Hebrew נתן ביסטריצקי , Russia 1896-Tel Aviv , 1980 ) was a Russian - born Israeli writer and translator .
Sir John Frederick Bridge CVO ( 5 December 1844 -- 18 March 1924 ) was an English organist , composer , teacher and writer .
Garcia de Orta ( or Garcia d'Orta ) ( 1501 ? -- 1568 ) was a Portuguese Renaissance Sephardi Jewish physician , herbalist and naturalist .
Abhishek Bachchan ( born 5 February 1976 ) is an Indian film actor , producer and playback singer best known for his work in Hindi films .
Iván Sánchez ( born Madrid , Spain , November 19 , 1974 ) is a Spanish actor and model .
Yang Shen ( simplified Chinese : 杨慎 ; traditional Chinese : 楊慎 ; pinyin : Yáng Shèn ; 1488 - -1559 ) was a poet in the Chinese Ming dynasty .
Alexis Emmanuel Chabrier ( French : ( ɛmanɥɛl ʃabʁie ) ; January 18 , 1841 -- September 13 , 1894 ) was a French Romantic composer and pianist .
Ewan Pearson is an English electronic music producer / remixer who works under various aliases including Maas , Sulky Pup , Villa America , World of Apples , and Dirtbox .
Jens Peter Jacobsen ( 7 April 1847 -- 30 April 1885 ) was a Danish novelist , poet , and scientist , in Denmark often just written as `` J. P. Jacobsen '' ( and pronounced `` I. P. Jacobsen '' ) .
Maurizio Cattelan ( 21 September 1960 , Padua , Italy ) is an Italian artist .
Giuseppe Gerola ( 2 April 1877 - 21 March 1938 ) was an Italian historian known for his involvement in monument restoration projects , his studies on Venetian Crete and his investigation of political , cultural and artistic topics related to medieval Trentino .
Friedrich Naumann ( 25 March 1860 -- 24 August 1919 ) was a German liberal politician and Protestant parish pastor .
Samuel ibn Seneh Zarza ( Hebrew : שמואל אבן סנה ) was a Spanish philosopher who lived at Valencia in the second half of the 14th century .
Radoje Domanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радоје Домановић ) ( February 16 , 1873 - August 17 , 1908 ) was a Serbian writer and teacher , most famous for his satirical short stories .
Carme Ruscalleda i Serra ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkaɾmə ruskəˈʎɛðə ) ) is the renowned Spanish - Catalan chef of the restaurant Sant Pau in Sant Pol de Mar , near Barcelona , Spain .
Karyme Lozano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈɾime loˈsano ) ; born Karyme Lucía Virginia Lozano Carreno on April 3 , 1978 in Mexico City , D.F. , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress .
Stéphane Audeguy ( born 1964 Tours ) is an award - winning French novelist and essayist .
Luigi Ghirri ( Scandiano , 5 January 1943 -- Roncocesi , 14 February 1992 ) was an Italian artist and photographer who gained a far - reaching reputation as a pioneer and master of contemporary photography , with particular reference to its relationship between fiction and reality .
Antonio Genovesi ( November 1 , 1713 -- September 22 , 1769 ) was an Italian writer on philosophy and political economy .
Jean - Jacques Magendie ( Bordeaux , 21 May 1766 - Paris , 26 March 1835 ) was a French Navy officer .
Arturo Islas , Jr. ( May 25 , 1938 -- February 15 , 1991 ) , a native of El Paso , Texas , was a professor of English and a novelist , writing about the experience of Chicano cultural duality .
Miro Gavran ( Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( mǐːro ɡâʋraːn ) ) is a contemporary Croatian writer of short stories , fiction and drama .
Nicolas - Jacques Conté ( 4 August 1755 -- 6 December 1805 ) was a French painter , balloonist , army officer , and inventor of the modern pencil .
Tytus Czyżewski ( 1880 - -1945 ) was a Polish painter , art theoretician , Futurist poet , playwright , member of the Polish Formists , and Colorist .
Maurice Utrillo ( French : ( mɔʁis ytʁijo ) ) , born Maurice Valadon ( 26 December 1883 -- 5 November 1955 ) , was a French painter who specialized in cityscapes .
Edgar Aubert de la Rüe ( 1901 - -1991 ) was a French geographer , geologist , traveller and photographer who was primarily devoted to the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon , Kerguelen , and Vanuatu .
Walter Brandorff ( born 1943 in Munich , Germany ; died 8 August 1996 , in Carinthia , Austria ) was a German - Austrian author .
Pierre Berthier ( 3 July 1782 , Nemours , Seine - et - Marne -- 24 August 1861 ) was a French geologist and mining engineer .
Emily Patrick ( born October 4 , 1959 ) is an English figurative painter .
Sushil Parashar is a veteran Indian actor , known for his work in the Hindi television industry and in Bollywood .
Gerhard Seyfried ( born March 15 , 1948 ) is a German comic artist , cartoonist , and writer .
René Taton ( 4 April 1915 -- 9 August 2004 ) was a French author , historian of science , and long co - editor ( along with Suzanne Delorme ) of the Revue d'histoire des sciences .
Jenő Dsida ( Hungarian : Dsida Jenő Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒidɒ ˈjɛnøː ) 17 May 1907 -- 7 June 1938 ) was a Hungarian poet and translator .
Jean - Baptiste - Alphonse Lusignan ( b. at Saint - Denis - sur - Richelieu , Quebec , 27 September 1843 ; d. 5 January 1893 ) was a French - Canadian writer .
Magdalena Parys ( born 1971 ) is a Polish writer and translator .
Emil Lewis Holmdahl ( August 26 , 1883 -- April 8 , 1963 ) was a machine gunner , soldier of fortune , spy , gun runner , and treasure hunter who fought under John J. Pershing in the Spanish--
Einar Thomassen ( born 25 April 1951 ) is a Norwegian religious studies scholar .
Luís Espinal Camps ( 1932 - -1980 ) , also known by the nickname `` Lucho '' and by the Catalan name Lluís Espinal i Camps , was a Spanish Jesuit priest , poet , journalist , filmmaker , and film critic .
Sir Thomas Littleton , 3rd Baronet ( 3 April 1647 -- 31 December 1709 ) , often Thomas de Littleton , was an English and British statesman from the extended Littleton / Lyttelton family .
Thomas Wallace , 1st Baron Wallace PC ( 1768 -- 23 February 1844 ) was an English politician .
Nicolas Le Riche ( born 29 January 1972 , Sartrouville , Yvelines ) is a French ballet dancer .
Henri Pierre ( May 20 , 1918 -- February 17 , 1994 ) was a French journalist , who co - founded newspaper Le Monde in 1944 .
Andrzej Niemojewski ( 1864 - -1921 ) was a Polish social and political activist , poet and writer of the Young Poland period .
Benigno Zaccagnini ( Italian pronunciation : ( beˈniɲɲo dzakkaɲˈɲiːni ) ; April 17 , 1912 -- November 5 , 1989 ) was an Italian politician and physician .
Iwan Knorr ( 3 January 1853 -- 22 January 1916 ) was a German composer and teacher of music .
Bohdan Urbankowski ( born 19 May 1943 in Warsaw ) is a Polish writer , poet and philosopher .
Fethiye Çetin ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈfethiːje ˈtʃetin ) ) ( born 1950 in Maden , Elazığ Province ) is a Turkish lawyer , writer and human rights activist .
Adrien Hardy ( born July 30 , 1978 in Nîmes , France ) is a French rower and Olympic gold medallist .
Fabius Planciades Fulgentius ( fl . late 5th -- early 6th century ) was a Latin writer of late antiquity .
Dušan T. Bataković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Т. Батаковић ; born April 23 , 1957 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian historian and diplomat .
Gabriel Bibron ( 20 October 1805 -- 27 March 1848 ) was a French zoologist , and herpetologist .
Werner Lamberz ( 14 April 1929 -- 6 March 1978 ) was a senior politician in the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
Walter Weldon ( 1832 - -1885 ) was an English chemist , journalist , and fashion publisher .
Jnanadabhiram Barua ( Assamese : জ্ঞানদাভিৰাম বৰুৱা ; 1880 - 1955 ) was a notable writer , dramatist , and translator of Assam .
Samuel Gustaf Hermelin ( 4 April 1744 , Stockholm -- 4 March 1820 ) was a Swedish industrialist , diplomat and cartographer .
Olivinho Gomes ( b . St Estevam , Goa , 1943 - -July 30 , 2009 ) was an eminent Konkani scholar and former acting vice chancellor of the Goa University .
Werner Beierwaltes is a German academic born in 1931 in Klingenberg am Main .
Erzsébet Galgóczi ( 27 August 1930 -- 20 May 1989 ) was a Hungarian writer , playwright , and screenwriter .
( William ) Stanley Houghton ( 20 February 1881 -- 11 December 1913 ) was an English playwright .
Pablo Nassarre ( or Nasarre ; 1650 - -1730 ) was a Spanish priest , organist , and Baroque composer .
Sébastien Lifshitz ( born 22 January 1968 ) is a French screenwriter and director .
Samuel Parr ( 26 January 1747 -- 6 March 1825 ) , was an English schoolmaster , writer , minister and Doctor of Law .
Detlev F. Neufert ( born 1948 ) is a German author , filmmaker , photographer and current president of the German Thai Media Association .
John Hall - Stevenson ( 1718 - -1785 ) , in his youth known as John Hall , was an English country gentleman and writer .
Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel ( 1774 -- 10 January 1846 ) was a French soldier and entomologist .
Antonio Muñoz Molina ( born 10 January 1956 ) is a Spanish writer and , since 8 June 1995 , a full member of the Royal Spanish Academy .
Tamara Łempicka , commonly known as Tamara de Lempicka ( 16 May 1898 -- 18 March 1980 ) was a Polish Art Deco painter and `` the first woman artist to be a glamour star '' .
Pennie Smith ( born in London ) is an English photographer , known for having photographed several rock musicians .
Hemchandra Goswami ( Assamese : হেমচন্দ্ৰ গোস্বামী ; 1872 - 1928 ) was an eminent writer , poet , historian , teacher and a linguist from Assam in the early part of modern Assamese literature .
Concha Piquer ( 8 December 1908 -- 12 December 1990 ) , born María de la Concepción Piquer López , was a Spanish singer and actress , sometimes billed as Conchita Piquer .
Lars Ahlin ( April 4 , 1915 -- March 11 , 1997 ) was an award winning Swedish author and aesthetician .
Aldo Palazzeschi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈaldo palatˈtseski ) ; 2 February 1885 -- 17 August 1974 ) was the pen name of Aldo Giurlani , an Italian novelist , poet , journalist and essayist .
Enrico Hillyer Giglioli ( June 13 , 1845 -- December 16 , 1909 ) was an Italian zoologist and anthropologist .
Kanu Roy was an Indian film actor , and music composer in Hindi and Bengali films .
Isaac Grünewald ( 2 September 1889 -- 22 May 1946 ) was a Swedish - Jewish expressionist painter born in Stockholm .
Simon François Ravenet ( 1706- c.4 April 1764 ) In Britain usually termed Simon Francis Ravenet , was a French engraver .
Manfred Berg is a German historian who serves as the Curt Engelhorn Chair in American History at Heidelberg University .
Luigi Groto , also called Cieco d'Adria or Cieco D'Hadria ( the blind man of Adria ) ( born 7 September 1541 , died 13 December 1585 ) , was a blind Italian poet , lutenist , playwright and actor .
Herwig Görgemanns ( born 1931 ) is a German classicist , former professor and emeritus of classical philology at Heidelberg University .
Antonio Maccanico ( 4 August 1924 -- 23 April 2013 ) was an Italian constitutional specialist and social liberal politician , who served in various capacities in the parliament and federal administrations of Italy .
Levon Ananyan ( Armenian : Լևոն Անանյան ; 13 October 1946 -- 2 September 2013 ) was an Armenian journalist and translator .
Jan - Ole Gerster ( born in 1978 in Hagen ) is a German film director and screenwriter .
Caroline Lamarche ( born 3 March 1955 ) is a French - speaking writer .
Minamoto no Shigeyuki ( Japanese : 源 重之 ) ( died 1000 ) was an early Heian waka poet and nobleman .
Francisco Javier Krahe de Salas ( 30 March 1944 -- 12 July 2015 ) was a Spanish singer active from 1980 .
José Antonio Nieves Conde ( 22 December 1915 in Segovia , Castilla y León , Spain -- 14 September 2006 ) was a Spanish film director and screenplay writer .
Pascual Enguídanos Usach , ( Liria , Spain 13 December 1923 - 28 March 2006 ) also known by his pseudonyms George H. White and Van S. Smith , was a Spanish science fiction writer .
Azem Vllasi ( Serbo - Croatian : Azem Vlasi ; born 1948 ) is a senior Kosovo Albanian politician and lawyer .
Maria - Antonietta Macciocchi ( 1922 - 2007 ) was an Italian journalist , writer , feminist and politician , member of the Radical Party and member of the Italian Parliament and European level .
Enzo Mari ( born 1932 ) is a noted Italian modernist artist and furniture designer .
Heinz Hoffmann ( 28 November 1910 -- 2 December 1985 ) was Minister of National Defense in the Council of Ministers of the German Democratic Republic , and since 2 October 1973 Member of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party ( SED ) .
Jiří Orten ( born `` Jiří Ohrenstein '' in Kutná Hora on August 30 , 1919 ; died September 1 , 1941 ) was a Czech poet .
Dai Zhen ( Chinese : 戴震 ; pinyin : Dài Zhèn ; Wade -- Giles : Tai Chen , January 19 , 1724 -- July 1 , 1777 ) was a prominent Chinese scholar of the Qing dynasty from Xiuning , Anhui .
Mo Yingfeng ( simplified Chinese : 莫应丰 ; traditional Chinese : 莫應豐 ; pinyin : Mò Yìngfēng ; 1938 - 1989 ) was a Chinese novelist who was the director of China Writers Association .
Stipe Šuvar ( February 17 , 1936 -- June 29 , 2004 ) was a leading Croatian and Yugoslav politician and sociologist .
Raffaele Viviani ( 10 January 1888 in Castellammare di Stabia , Province of Naples -- 22 March 1950 ) was an Italian author , playwright , actor and musician .
Marisol del Olmo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maɾiˈsol ðel ˈolmo ) ) is a Mexican telenovela actress .
Étienne Maurice Falconet ( 1 December 1716 -- 24 January 1791 ) is counted among the first rank of French Rococo sculptors , whose patron was Mme de Pompadour .
Jalu Kurek ( born February 29 , 1904 in Kraków , died November 10 , 1983 in Rabka ) was a Polish poet and prose writer , one of the figures of the so - called Kraków avant - garde .
Hajji Anang Abdul Hamidhan ( 25 February 1909 -- 1997 ) , better known as A.A. Hamidhan , was an Indonesian freedom fighter and journalist from South Kalimantan .
Maria von Welser ( born 26 June 1946 in Munich ) is a German TV journalist and the President of UNICEF Germany .
Theo Breuer ( born March 30 , 1956 ) is a German poet , essayist , editor , translator and publisher .
Michael Grzimek ( April 12 , 1934 , Berlin -- January 10 , 1959 , Salei - Ebene , Serengeti in Tanganyika , now Tanzania ) was a German zoologist , conservationist and filmmaker .
Pedro Tafur ( or Pero Tafur ) ( c. 1410 -- c. 1484 ) was a Spanish traveler , historian and writer .
Hélène Metzger ( 26 August 1889 -- 7 March 1944 ) was a French philosopher of science and historian of science .
Riccardo Ventre ( born on 20 June 1944 in Formicola ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for Southern with the Forza Italia , part of the European People 's Party and is vice - chair of the European Parliament 's Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
Mario Sironi ( May 12 , 1885 -- August 13 , 1961 ) was an Italian modernist artist who was active as a painter , sculptor , illustrator , and designer .
Jean - Baptiste Lemoyne ( 15 February 1704 -- 1778 ) was a French sculptor and among the greatest French portraitists .
Jean Varenne ( 12 June 1926 -- 12 July 1997 ) was a French Indologist , born in Marseille .
Franco Ferrarotti , OMRI ( born April 7 , 1926 ) is an Italian sociologist and a former member of the Italian Parliament .
Johann Elert Bode ( German : ( ˈboːdə ) ; 19 January 1747 -- 23 November 1826 ) was a German astronomer known for his reformulation and popularization of the Titius--
Christl Verduyn ( born 1953 ) is Professor of English Literature and Canadian Studies at Mount Allison University .
Stephen Romer , FRSL is an English poet , academic and literary critic .
Edward Balcerzan ( born in Vovchansk , Kharkiv Oblast , Ukraine , 13 October 1937 ) is a Polish literary critic , poet , prose writer , and translator .
Colley Cibber ( 6 November 1671 -- 11 December 1757 ) was an English actor - manager , playwright and Poet Laureate .
Nicolas - Claude Fabri de Peiresc ( 1 December 1580 -- 24 June 1637 ) , often known simply as Peiresc , or by the Latin form of his name Peirescius , was a French astronomer , antiquary and savant , who maintained a wide correspondence with scientists , and was a successful organizer of scientific inquiry .
Pierre Bonny ( 1895 -- 26 December 1944 ) was a French police officer .
Ellen Franz ( 30 May 1839 -- 24 March 1923 ) was a German pianist and actress .
María del Carmen Martínez - Bordiú y Franco ( born 26 February 1951 in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish aristocrat and social figure .
Maurice Vaïsse ( born 7 May 1942 in Algiers ) is a French historian specialised in international relations and Defence .
Vijayalalitha or Vijaya Lalitha ( Telugu : విజయలలిత ) was a Telugu / Tamil / Malayalam / Hindi actress in the 1960s and 1970s .
Augustin Marlorat du Pasquier ( Augustinus Marloratus ) ( 1506-October 31 , 1562 ) was a French Protestant reformer , executed on a treason charge .
Charles - Antoine Coypel ( 11 July 1694 -- 15 June 1752 ) was a French painter , art commentator , and playwright .
Anne Barton ( previously Righter , born BarbaraAnn Roesen ; 9 May 1933 − 11 November 2013 ) was a renowned American - English scholar and Shakespearean critic .
Claude Buridant ( born February 12 , 1938 in Arras ) is a French linguist , professor emeritus of French and Romance philology at the University of Strasbourg ( formerly Marc Bloch University ) in Strasbourg .
Russell Robartes , FRS ( 1671 - -1719 ) was an English Teller of the Exchequer and MP .
Vanessa Beecroft ( born April 25 , 1969 ) is an Italian contemporary artist living in Los Angeles .
Henri de Boulainvilliers ( French : ( də bulɛ̃vilje ) ; 21 October 1658 , Saint - Saire , Normandy -- 23 January 1722 , Paris ) was a French nobleman , writer and historian .
José Luis de Vilallonga y Cabeza de Vaca , 9th Marquess of Castellbell ( 29 January 1920 -- 30 August 2007 ) was a Spanish author , aristocrat and actor who co - starred with Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany 's , and Julie Christie in Darling .
Jade Boho Sayo ( born 30 August 1986 ) , commonly known as Jade , is a Spanish - born Equatorial Guinean professional footballer who plays as a striker for Reading of England 's FA WSL .
Paula Vázquez Picallo ( born 26 November 1974 ) , popularly known as Paula Vázquez , is a Spanish television presenter , also known for her modelling career in the fashion industry as well as her acting .
Isabel Coixet Castillo ( Catalan pronunciation : ( izəˈβɛɫ kuˈʃɛt ) ; born 9 April 1960 ) is a Spanish film director .
Joseph Decaisne ( 7 March 1807 -- January 1882 ) was a French botanist and agronomist .
Salvatore Fiume ( 23 October 1915 -- 3 June 1997 ) was an Italian painter , sculptor , architect , writer and stage designer .
Luigi Salerno ( 1924 - -1992 ) was an Italian historian of Italian art and historiographer .
Alexander Pope ( 21 May 1688 -- 30 May 1744 ) was an 18th - century English poet .
Hanna Hellquist ( real name : Hanna Victoria Hellqvist , born 24 July 1980 in Karlstad ) is a Swedish journalist , TV host and writer .
Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( Russian : Моде́ст Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 13 May ( O.S. 1 May ) 1850 - -15 January ( O.S. 2 January ) 1916 ) was a Russian dramatist , opera librettist and translator .
Jean Ribault ( 1520 -- October 12 , 1565 ) was a French naval officer , navigator , and a colonizer of what would become the southeastern United States .
Léon Gustave Schlumberger ( 17 October 1844 -- 9 May 1929 ) was a French historian and numismatist who specialised in the era of the crusades and the Byzantine Empire .
José del Campillo y Cossío ( February 13 , 1693 in Alles , Peñamellera Alta , Asturias -- April 11 , 1743 in Madrid ) , was a Spanish statesman .
Louis - Vincent Thomas ( 20 May 1922 -- 22 January 1994 ) was a French sociologist , anthropologist , ethnologist , and scholar whose specialty was Africa .
Jean Désiré Gustave Courbet ( French : ( ɡystav kuʁbɛ ) ; 10 June 1819 -- 31 December 1877 ) was a French painter who led the Realist movement in 19th - century French painting .
Friedrich Christian Delius ( born 1943 ) is an acclaimed German writer .
Konstantine Gamsakhurdia ( Georgian : კონსტანტინე გამსახურდია ) ( May 3 , 1893 -- July 17 , 1975 ) was a Georgian writer and public figure , who , along with Mikheil Javakhishvili , is considered to be one of the most influential Georgian novelists of the 20th century .
August Friedrich Müller ( 15 December 1684 -- 1 May 1761 ) was a German legal scholar and logician .
Antonio Citterio ( 1950 , Meda - ) is an Italian architect , furniture designer and industrial designer who lives and works in Milan .
Eugen Kapp ( 13 May 1908 -- 29 October 1996 ) was an Estonian composer and music educator .
Wenzel Anton , Prince of Kaunitz - Rietberg ( Czech : Václav Antonín z Kounic a Rietbergu , German : Wenzel Anton Fürst von Kaunitz - Rietberg ) ( 2 February 1711 -- 27 June 1794 ) was a diplomat and statesman of the Holy Roman Empire .
Ricciotto Canudo ( 2 January 1877 -- 1923 ) was an early Italian film theoretician who lived primarily in France .
María Teresa Táboas Veleiro ( born 1961 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is an architect , professor and Galician politician .
Wang Jingwei ( Wang Ching - wei ; 4 May 1883 -- 10 November 1944 ) ; born as Wang Zhaoming ( Wang Chao - ming ) , but widely known by his pen name `` Jingwei '' , was a Chinese politician .
Sarah Bowdich Lee ( née Wallis ) ( 10 Sep 1791 - 22 Sep 1856 ) was an English author , illustrator , traveller , zoologist , botanist , and pteridologist .
Abílio Manuel Guerra Junqueiro ( September 17 , 1850 -- July 7 , 1923 ) was a Portuguese top civil servant , member of the Portuguese House of Representatives , journalist , author , and poet .
Michael Reeves ( 17 October 1943 -- 11 February 1969 ) was an English film director and screenwriter .
Bella Fromm ( 20 December 1890 -- 9 February 1972 ) was a German journalist and author of Jewish origin , who lived in exile in the United States from 1938 .
Luis Bayón Herrera ( 23 September 1889 -- 30 March 1956 ) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter who worked in Argentine film of the 1940s and 1950s .
Bernardo de Alderete ( 1565 - -1645 ) was a Spanish erudite and writer .
Íngrid Coronado Fritz ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈiŋɡɾið koɾoˈnaðo ) ; born July 12 , 1974 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a well - known Mexican television personality .
Ambrosio de Benavides Medina Liñán y Torres ( January 20 , 1718 -- April 27 , 1787 ) was a Spanish colonial administrator who served as Royal Governor of Puerto Rico , Royal Governor of Charcas and Royal Governor of Chile .
Hubert Knoblauch ( born March 21 , 1959 ) is a German sociologist , he is known for his work on Sociology of knowledge , Sociology of Religion , Qualitative research and Videography .
Batya Gur ( Hebrew : בתיה גור‎ , 1 September 1947 -- 19 May 2005 ) was an Israeli writer .
Edward Capern ( 21 January 1819 -- 5 June 1894 ) , was an English poet , best known for The Devonshire Melodist and Wayside Warbles .
Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay , alternatively spelt as Sarat Chandra Chatterjee , ( 15 September 1876 -- 16 January 1938 ) , was a Bengali novelist and short story writer of early 20th century .
François Hinard ( 27 September 1941 -- 19 September 2008 ) was a French historian specialising in Ancient Rome .
Carmen Blanco ( Lugo , Galicia , Spain , 1954 ) is a Spanish feminist writer and activist .
Francesco Mario Pagano ( 8 December 1748 -- 29 October 1799 ) was an Italian jurist , author , thinker , and the founder of the Neapolitan school of law .
John Dee ( 13 July 1527 -- 1608 or 1609 ) was an English mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , occult philosopher , imperialist , and adviser to Queen Elizabeth I. He devoted much of his life to the study of alchemy , divination , and Hermetic philosophy .
Don Pedro de Alberni , sometimes known as Pere d'Alberní i Teixidor in Catalan ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈpeɾə ðəɫβərˈni ) ) ( Tortosa , January 30 , 1747 -- Monterrey , New Spain , March 11 , 1802 ) was a Spanish soldier who served the Spanish Crown for almost all his life .
Léon Serpollet ( 4 October 1858 - 1 February 1907 ) was a French industrialist and pioneer of steam automobiles , under the Gardner - Serpollet brand .
Robert Jaulin ( 7 March 1928 , Le Cannet , Alpes - Maritimes -- 21 November 1996 , Grosrouvre ) was a French ethnologist .
Giuseppe Penone ( born 3 April 1947 ) is an Italian artist .
Otto Gutfreund ( August 1889 -- 2 June 1927 ) , also written Oto Gutfreund , was a Czech - Czechoslovak sculptor .
Sukanta Bhattacharya ( Bengali : সুকান্ত ভট্টাচার্য ) ( Bhôṭṭācharjo ) ( 15 August 1926 -- 13 May 1947 ) was a Bengali poet and playwright .
Andri Snær Magnason is an Icelandic writer .
Julián Ribera y Tarragó ( Carcaixent , Valencia , 19 February 1858 -- 2 May 1934 , La Pobla Llarga , Valencia ) was a Spanish Arabist and academic .
Philippe Croizon ( born 1968 ) is a French athlete and the first quadruple amputee to swim across the English Channel .
Ville Ranta is a Finnish cartoonist from Oulu .
Hermann Brockhaus ( January 28 , 1806 -- January 5 , 1877 ) was a German Orientalist born in Amsterdam .
George Boole ( /ˈbuːl/ ; 2 November 1815 -- 8 December 1864 ) was an English mathematician , educator , philosopher and logician .
Aydilge Sarp ( born 1979 ) is a Turkish writer , poet and singer - songwriter .
Ignatius Mouradgea d'Ohsson ( 31 July 1740 - 27 August 1807 ) was an Armenian orientalist , historian and diplomat in Swedish service .
Sistanova were a German girl group from Frankfurt am Main , which was founded in 2005 .
Miroslav Horníček ( 10 November 1918 in Plzeň -- 15 February 2003 in Liberec ) was a Czech actor , writer , director , artist and theatre theoretician .
Giacopo Belgrado , ( November 16 , 1704 in Udine -- March 26 , 1789 in Udine ) Italian Jesuit and natural philosopher .
Miquel Martí i Pol ( Catalan pronunciation : ( miˈkɛɫ mərˈti j ˈpɔɫ ) ) ( 19 March 1929 -- 11 November 2003 ) was one of the most popular Catalan poets in Catalan in the 20th century .
Teja Narla ( 1996 -- March 2013 ) was an Indian Telugu cinema child actor who acted in the films like Murari , Kathanayakudu and Ramadhandu .
Feng Yuanjun ( Chinese : 冯沅君 , September 4 , 1900 -- June 17 , 1974 ) was a writer and scholar of Chinese classical literature and literary history .
Linn Ullmann , originally Karin Beate Ullmann ( born 9 August 1966 , in Oslo , Norway ) , is a Norwegian author and journalist .
Jan Łasicki ( Latin : Johannis Lasitii or Lasicius ; 1534 - -1602 ) was a Polish historian and theologian .
Carlo Castellaneta ( 8 February 1930 - 28 September 2013 ) was an Italian author and journalist .
Tharika is an Indian Tamil actress who has appeared in Tamil films and television serials .
Louise Marie - Jeanne Hersent - Mauduit ( 1784 -- 1862 ) , was a 19th - century French painter .
Eli Lotar ( January 30 , 1905 -- February 22 , 1969 ) was a French photographer and cinematographer .
Richard Rolle ( 1290/1300 - - late September 1349 ) was an English hermit , mystic , and religious writer .
Clive Barker ( born 5 October 1952 ) is an English writer , film director , and visual artist best known for his work in both fantasy and horror fiction .
Joseph Bernard ( 1866 , Vienne , Isère -- 1931 ) was a modern classical French sculptor , featured on the frontispiece of Elie Faure 's 1927 survey of modern art , `` Spirit of Forms '' .
José Miguel Monzón Navarro ( 15 May 1955 , Madrid ) , better known as El Gran Wyoming ( The Great Wyoming ) or Guayo , is a Spanish television presenter , actor , musician , director and humorist .
George Savile , 1st Marquess of Halifax PC FRS ( 11 November 1633 -- 5 April 1695 ) was an English statesman , writer , and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 , and in the House of Lords after he was raised to the peerage in 1668 .
Richard Pischel ( January 18 , 1849 - December 26 , 1908 ) was a German Indologist born in Breslau .
Sir Edmund Buckley , 1st Baronet ( 16 April 1834 -- 21 March 1910 ) was an English landowner and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1878 .
Niccola Francesco Ippolito Baldassarre Rosellini , known simply as Ippolito Rosellini ( August 13 , 1800 -- June 4 , 1843 ) was an Italian Egyptologist .
Pietro Giannone ( 7 May 1676 -- 17 March 1748 ) was an Italian historian born in Ischitella , in the province of Foggia .
Hortensio Félix Paravicino y Arteaga ( 12 October 1580 -- 12 December 1633 ) was a Spanish preacher and poet from the noble house of Pallavicini .
Ruzha Lazarova ( Bulgarian Cyrillic , Ружа Лазарова;Sofia , 1968 ) is a Bulgarian French language writer who currently lives in Paris .
Ramon Muntaner ( Catalan pronunciation : ( rəˈmom muntəˈne ) ) ( c. 1270 -- 1336 ) was a Catalan soldier and writer who wrote the Crònica , a chronicle of his life , including his adventures as a commander in the Catalan Company .
Jean - Paul Goude ( born 8 December 1940 ) is a French graphic designer , illustrator , photographer and advertising film director .
Jean - Baptiste Lislet Geoffroy ( 23 August 1755 -- 8 February 1836 ) was a French astronomer , botanist and cartographer .
Paul Cernat ( born August 5 , 1972 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian essayist and literary critic .
Sukumaran became a popular film star in Malayalam cinema during the 1970s .
Jonas Hassen Khemiri ( born 27 December 1978 in Stockholm ) is an award - winning Swedish novelist and playwright .
Antonio Goicoechea ( 21 January 1876 , Barcelona - 11 February 1953 ) was an Alfonsine monarchist in Spain during the period of the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War .
Manfred Karge ( born Brandenburg an der Havel , 1938 ) is a German dramatist .
Jan Costin Wagner ( Langen , b. Oct 13th 1972 - ) is a German crime fiction writer .
Jean - Paul Roux , PhD ( 5 January 1925 -- 29 June 2009 ) was a French Turkologue and a specialist of Islamic culture .
Nakatsukasa ( 中務 , 912 - -991 ) was a Japanese Waka poet from the middle Heian period .
Alexander Pendarves , MP ( baptised 11 November 1662 -- 13 March 1726 , London , England ) was an English politician of the Tory party , and a wealthy landowner .
Jan Rokita ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjan rɔˈkʲita ) , born 18 June 1959 in Kraków ) is a Polish conservative politician , a member of the Sejm , the lower chamber of the Polish parliament .
Giuseppe Saragat ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe ˈsaːraɡat ) ; 19 September 1898 -- 11 June 1988 ) was an Italian politician who was the fifth President of the Italian Republic from 1964 to 1971 .
Thomas Starkey ( c. 1495 - -1538 ) was an English political theorist and humanist .
Frederick William Hope ( 3 January 1797 -- 15 April 1862 ) was an English entomologist and founder of the Hope Department of Entomology at the University of Oxford .
Hannes Hólmsteinn Gissurarson ( born February 19 , 1953 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) is a professor of political science at the University of Iceland and a frequent commentator on current affairs in the Icelandic media .
Bernardino de Sahagún ( Spanish pronunciation : ( bernarˈðino ðe saaˈɣun ) ; 1499 -- October 23 , 1590 ) was a Franciscan friar , missionary priest and pioneering ethnographer who participated in the Catholic evangelization of colonial New Spain ( now Mexico ) .
Antonio Enríquez Gómez ( c. 1601 -- c. 1661 ) , Spanish dramatist , poet and novelist of Portuguese - Jewish origin , was known in the early part of his career as Enríque Enríquez de Paz .
Jacques Babinet ( French : ( babinɛ ) ; 5 March 1794 -- 21 October 1872 ) was a French physicist , mathematician , and astronomer who is best known for his contributions to optics .
Max Dauthendey ( 25 July 1867 -- 29 August 1918 ) was a German author and painter of the impressionistic period .
Simo Matavulj ( Serbian : Симо Матавуљ , 14 September 1852 -- 20 February 1908 ) was a Serbian novelist , a representative of lyric realism , especially in short prose .
Louis Doutreleau ( 1909 - 2005 ) was a French Jesuit priest closely associated over a long period with the publishing enterprise of the Sources Chrétiennes Institute in Lyons .
Leah Moore ( born 4 February 1978 ) is an English comic book writer , best known for Albion and Wild Girl .
Erhard Wittek ( 3 December 1898 -- 4 June 1981 ) , better known for his pen name Fritz Steuben , was a German author who wrote war novels and stories depicting American Indians ( particularly the life of the Shawnee chief Tecumseh ) .
Lucien Clergue ( French : ( klɛʁg ) ; August 14 , 1934 -- November 15 , 2014 ) was a French photographer .
François Marcela - Froideval ( born 10 December 1958 ) is a French role - playing game creator , video game producer , and comic scenarist Froideval had a major influence on the introduction of role - playing games in France , mainly as editor in chief of the Casus Belli role - playing magazine .
Sir William Stapleton , 4th Baronet ( c.1698 - -1740 ) was an English politician and Jacobite .
Fabrice d'Almeida was born on 15 November 1963 and is a French historian .
Mouna Noureddine ( Arabic : منى نور الدين‎ ) ( born in Tunis on January 23 , 1937 ) is a Tunisian actress .
Annette Becker ( 1953 ) is a French historian specializing in study of World War I. She is daughter of the historian Jean - Jacques Becker .
Carl Louis Ferdinand von Lindemann ( April 12 , 1852 -- March 6 , 1939 ) was a German mathematician , noted for his proof , published in 1882 , that π ( pi ) is a transcendental number , meaning it is not a root of any polynomial with rational coefficients .
Thomas Heywood ( /ˈheɪwʊd/ ; early 1570s -- 16 August 1641 ) was a prominent English playwright , actor , and author .
Georges Hanna Sabbagh ( 1877 - -1951 ) was an Egyptian and French artist .
Mihály Tompa ( September 28 , 1819 -- July 30 , 1868 ) , Hungarian lyric poet , was born in Rimaszombat , in the county of Gömör , his father being village bootmaker .
Silvia Jato ( born June 6 , 1971 in Lugo , Spain ) is a Spanish TV presenter and model .
Claudia Kohde - Kilsch ( born 11 December 1963 ) is a former German tennis player and member of the Die Linke .
Fatos Lubonja ( born 1951 ) is an Albanian writer and dissident .
Aristodemo Costoli ( 1803 - -1871 ) was an Italian sculptor who spent his entire career in the city of Florence .
Bronisław Maj ( born 19 November 1953 ) is a Polish poet , essayist , translator and academic .
Diego Buñuel is a French film - maker born in 1975 and the host and director of the National Geographic Channel series , Do n't Tell My Mother .
Antonio Ferrandis Monrabal ( 28 February 1921 -- 16 October 2000 ) was a Spanish actor , remembered especially for his character Chanquete .
John Anstis ( 29 August 1669 -- 4 March 1744 ) was an English officer of arms and antiquarian .
Philippe Dana ( born on 5 September 1959 ) is a French journalist , producer , radio and television host .
Robert Ward or from 1828 Robert Plumer Ward ( 19 March 1765 -- 13 August 1846 ) , was an English barrister , politician , and novelist .
Edwin Lascelles , 1st Baron Harewood ( 1713 , in Barbados -- 25 January 1795 ) was a wealthy West Indian plantation owner of English ancestry .
Louis de Beaufort ( 6 October 1703 -- 11 August 1795 ) was a French historian of whose life little is known .
Robert Bober ( born 1931 ) is a French film director , theater director and writer of German - Jewish origin .
Daphne Marlatt was born to English parents , Arthur and Edrys Lupprian Buckle , in Melbourne , Australia on July 11 , 1942 .
Hermann Graedener or Grädener ( 8 May 1844 -- 15 September 1929 ) was a German composer , conductor and teacher .
Mariam Petrosyan ( Armenian : Մարիամ Պետրոսյան , born 10 August 1969 ) is an Armenian painter , cartoonist and Russian - language novelist , most known as the author of the award - winning novel The House , in Which ... ( 2009 ) .
William Willy ( 1703?--65 ) , of New Park Devizes , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Francesco Mastriani ( 1819 - -1891 ) was an Italian novelist .
Robert Misrahi ( born 3 January 1926 ) is a French philosopher who specialises in Spinoza .
Franz Halder ( 30 June 1884 -- 2 April 1972 ) was a German general and the chief of the OKH General Staff from 1938 until September 1942 , when he was dismissed after frequent disagreements with Adolf Hitler .
Cornelius Cruys ( Russian : Крюйс , Корнелий Иванович ) ( 1655 -- 1727 ) was a Dutch Vice Admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy and the first commander of the Russian Baltic Fleet .
Ercole Bottrigari ( 1531 - -1612 ) was an Italian scholar , mathematician , poet , music theorist , architect , and composer .
Siegfried Zielinski is a German media theorist .
Diego Vallejo Folgueira ( born 13 February 1973 in Meira , Lugo , Spain ) is a Spanish rally co - driver .
Józef Jeżowski ( 1793 - 1855 ) was a Polish philologist and poet .
Juan Marsé Carbó ( born January 8 , 1933 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish novelist , journalist and screenwriter .
Clémence Royer ( 21 April 1830 , Nantes , Loire - Atlantique -- 6 February 1902 ) was a self - taught French scholar who lectured and wrote on economics , philosophy , science and feminism .
Charles Aldworth ( 1677 - 21 September 1714 ) was an English politician , MP for New Windsor from 1712 to 1714 .
Felix Fechenbach ( 28 January 1894 -- 7 August 1933 ) was a German - Jewish journalist , poet and political activist .
Jean Aicardi ( 8 November 1926 -- 3 August 2015 ) was a French doctor .
Luigi Fantappiè ( 15 September 1901 -- 28 July 1956 ) was an Italian mathematician , known for work in mathematical analysis and for creating the theory of analytic functionals : he was a student and follower of Vito Volterra .
Andreas Rumpf ( 3 December 1890 -- 22 June 1966 ) was a German classical archaeologist born in Potsdam .
Jean - Yves Girard ( born 1947 ) is a French logician working in proof theory .
Guy Du Faur , Seigneur de Pibrac ( 1529 - -1584 ) was a French jurist and poet .
Don Alonso Fajardo de Entenza y de Guevara , Córdoba y Velasco , Knight of Alcantara , Lord of Espinardo ( died July 1624 , in the Philippines ) was Spanish Governor - General and Captain - General of the Islands of the Philippines from 3 July 1618 until his death .
Marianne Gullestad ( 28 March 1946 -- 10 March 2008 ) was a Norwegian social anthropologist .
Friedrich Wilhelm Foerster ( 1869 - -1966 ) was a German academic , educationist , pacifist and philosopher , known for his public opposition to Nazism .
Jerzy Szaniawski ( Zegrzynek , 10 February 1886 -- 16 March 1970 , Warsaw ) was a Polish writer , playwright , and essayist ; an elected member of the prestigious Polish Academy of Literature in the interwar period .
André Courrèges ( pronounced : ( andʁe kuʁɛʒ ) ; 9 March 1923 -- 7 January 2016 ) was a French fashion designer .
Madeleine Castaing ( French pronunciation : ​(madlɛn kastɛ̃ ) ) ( 1894 - -1992 ) was a French antique dealer and interior designer of international renown .
Masayuki Fujio ( 藤尾 正行 Fujio Masayuki , January 1 , 1917 -- October 22 , 2006 ) was the Japanese Minister of Education , under the government of Yasuhiro Nakasone until 1986 .
Michael Servetus ( /sərˈviːtəs/ ; Spanish : Miguel Serveto ) , also known as Miguel Servet , Miguel Serveto , Revés , or Michel de Villeneuve ( 29 September 1509 or 1511 -- 27 October 1553 ) , was a Spanish theologian , physician , cartographer , and Renaissance humanist .
Felix Thijssen ( born November 24 , 1933 in Rijswijk ) is a Dutch author of crime novels , science fiction novels and books for children .
Claude Bébéar ( born 1935 ) is a French businessman .
Ernest Désiré Glasson ( 1839 - 1907 ) was a French academic and jurist .
Francesc Gay i Puig , better known as Cesc Gay ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈsɛzɡ ˈɡaj ) ; Barcelona , 1967 ) , is a Catalan - Spanish film screenwriter and film director .
Miguel Poblet i Orriols ( 18 March 1928 -- 6 April 2013 ) was a Spanish professional cyclist whose career lasted from 1944 to 1962 , during which he had over 200 professional victories .
W. C. Firebaugh was the author of two works on the history of inns and taverns , and also of a fine English translation of Petronius 's Satyricon , the fragmentary realistic novel of low life under the Roman Empire .
Louis Lapicque ( 1 August 1860 -- 6 December 1954 ) was a French neuroscientist , socialist activist , antidreyfusard and freemason who was very influential in the early 20th century .
Juan Manuel Burgos Velasco ( born 1961 , Valladolid , Spain ) is a Spanish Personalist philosopher .
Eugenio Garza Sada ( January 11 , 1892 -- September 17 , 1973 ) was an industrialist in the city of Monterrey , Mexico best known for founding the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education ( ITESM in Spanish ) school system in the country .
Jacques Rivette ( French : ( ʒak ʁivɛt ) ; 1 March 1928 -- 29 January 2016 ) was a French film director and film critic most commonly associated with the French New Wave and Cahiers du Cinéma .
Bernhard Heinrich Overberg ( 1 May 1754 -- 1826 ) was a German Roman Catholic ecclesiastic , educator and author .
Jean Marc Gaspard Itard ( April 24 , 1774 , Oraison , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence -- July 5 , 1838 , Paris ) was a French physician born in Provence .
Victor Guérin ( 15 September 1821 , Paris - 21 September 1891 ) was a French intellectual , explorer and amateur archaeologist .
Robert Curzon , 14th Baron Zouche ( 16 March 1810 -- 2 August 1873 ) , styled The Honourable Robert Curzon between 1829 and 1870 , was an English traveller , diplomat and author , active in the Near East .
Claude Gay , often named Claudio Gay in Spanish texts , ( March 18 , 1800 -- November 29 , 1873 ) , was a French botanist , naturalist and illustrator .
Richard Bonney ( born 1947 ) is an English historian and priest .
Juan Piquer Simón ( 16 February 1935 , Valencia -- January 8 , 2011 , Valencia ) was a Spanish film director most well known for directing two cult classic horror exploitation films , Pieces ( 1982 ) and Slugs :
Franz Babinger ( January 15 , 1891 -- June 23 , 1967 ) was a well - known German orientalist and historian of the Ottoman Empire , best known for his biography of the great Ottoman emperor Mehmed II known as the Conqueror , originally published as Mehmed der Eroberer und seine Zeit .
Ephraim Stern ( Hebrew : אפרים שטרן ) ( born January 15 , 1934 ) is an Israeli archeologist and an expert , specializing in the research of the Late First Temple period ( Assyrian Age ) , the Babylonian period and the Persian period Persian Empire , .
Christina Rosenvinge Hepworth ( born May 29 , 1964 , in Madrid ) is a Spanish singer - songwriter , actress and producer , born to a Danish parents , Hans Jørgen Christian Rosenvinge , and Danish / British , mother Daphne Ankerstjerne Hepworth .
Reiner Kunze ( born 16 August 1933 , in Oelsnitz , Erzgebirge , Saxony ) is a German writer and GDR dissident .
Avraham Even - Shoshan ( Hebrew : אַבְרָהָם אֶבֶן שׁוֹשָׁן ; 1906 - -1984 ) was a Russian - born Hebrew linguist and lexicographer , compiler of the Even - Shoshan dictionary , one of the foremost dictionaries of the Hebrew language .
John Fulleylove ( 18 Aug 1845 -- 22 May 1908 ) was an English landscape artist and illustrator .
Gunther von Hagens ( born Gunther Gerhard Liebchen ; 10 January 1945 ) is a German anatomist who invented the technique for preserving biological tissue specimens called plastination .
Louis - Henri Brévière , born at Forges - les - Eaux in 1797 , was a French wood - engraver , to whom is due the honour of having revived the art of wood - engraving , which had been neglected in France since the 17th century .
Julian Stryjkowski , born Pesach Stark ( April 27 , 1905 -- August 8 , 1996 ) was a Polish journalist and writer , notable for his social prose of radical leftist leanings .
Pierre - Marie Théas ( September 14 , 1894 -- April 3 , 1977 ) was a French Roman Catholic Bishop of Montauban and Bishop of Tarbes and Lourdes .
Najem Wali ( Arabic : نجم والي‎ ; born 1956 ) is an Iraqi novelist and journalist , based in Germany .
Ramón Rubial Cavia ( 28 October 1906 -- 1999 ) was a Spanish socialist leader .
Philippe Flajolet ( French : ( flaʒɔlɛ ) ; 1 December 1948 -- 22 March 2011 ) was a French computer scientist .
Ascanio Sobrero ( October 12 , 1812 -- May 26 , 1888 ) was an Italian chemist , born in Casale Monferrato .
Prince Witold Czartoryski ( 1824 - 1865 ) was a Polish noble ( szlachcic ) .
Kató Hámán ( 2 December 1884 -- 31 August 1936 ) was a Hungarian Esperanto and Communist activist .
Peter Bichsel ( born March 24 , 1935 ) is a popular Swiss - German writer and journalist representing modern German literature .
Eugène Varlin ( 5 October 1839 -- 28 May 1871 ) was a French socialist , communard and member of the First International .
Blanco 's character , Griselda Blanco , is portrayed by Mexican actress Ana Serradilla , in the Spanish - language telenovela La Viuda Negra ( 2014 ) , an adaptation of the book La patrona de Pablo Escobar de José Guarnizo .
Renata Polverini ( Born Rome , 14 May 1962 ) is an Italian politician and trade unionist .
Jean - Baptiste Berlier ( 1841 - -1911 ) was a French engineer and inventor who was responsible for the Pneumatic tube postal system of Paris , which operated until as late as 1984 .
Umberto Mastroianni ( September 21 , 1910 in Fontana Liri -- February 25 , 1998 in Marino , Italy ) , was an Italian abstract sculptor .
James Halse ( 28 January 1769 -- 14 May 1838 ) was an English lawyer and wealthy businessman in Cornwall .
Cheikh Tidiane Gaye is a Senegalese - Italian writer .
James Bouillé ( February 14 , 1894 -- June 22 , 1945 ) was a French architect based in Brittany .
Claude Delvincourt ( 12 January 1888 -- 5 April 1954 ) was a French pianist and composer of classical music .
Šišmundo Menčetić Vlahović , known simply as Šiško Menčetić ( pronounced ( ʃîʃkɔ mɛ̂ntʃɛtitɕ ) ; Italian : Sigismondo Menze ; 1457 - -1527 ) was a Croatian poet , chiefly creating his opus in the 15th century .
Gertrude Caton Thompson ( 1 February 1888 -- 18 April 1985 ) was an influential English archaeologist at a time when participation by women in the discipline was uncommon .
Edmund Glaise - Horstenau ( also known as Edmund Glaise von Horstenau ; 27 February 1882 -- 20 July 1946 ) was an Austrian officer in the Bundesheer , last Vice - Chancellor of Austria before the 1938 Anschluss , and general in the German Wehrmacht during the Second World War .
Oronce Finé ( or Fine ; Latin : Orontius Finnaeus or Finaeus ; Italian : Oronzio Fineo ; 20 December 1494 -- 8 August 1555 ) was a French mathematician and cartographer .
Jean - Luc Lahaye ( born Jean - Luc Laheaye , 23 December 1952 , Paris ) is a French pop singer , former television host and occasional writer .
Alexandre - Antoine Hureau de Sénarmont ( 21 April 1769 -- 26 October 1810 ) was a French artillery general .
Jorge Ordaz Gargallo ( born 1946 ) is a Spanish writer and geologist .
Martin Schøyen ( born January 31 , 1940 ) is a Norwegian businessman , traveller , historian , paleographer and collector of books .
Antonio Ros de Olano ( November 9 , 1808 - July 24 , 1886 ) was a Venezuelan - born Spanish writer , politician and military officer who served in the First Carlist War and the Spanish - Moroccan War of 1859 .
Lev Ozerov ( Russian : Лев Адольфович Озеров ) ( August 10/23 , 1914 -- March 18 , 1996 ) was a Jewish - Ukrainian Soviet poet born in Kiev .
Fernando Escartín Coti ( born January 24 , 1968 ) is a Spanish former road racing cyclist .
María Paz Campos Trigo ( better known as Paz Vega ( paθ ˈβeɣa ) ; born 2 January 1976 ) is a Spanish actress .
Italo Alighiero Chiusano ( 10 June 1926 -- 15 February 1995 ) was an Italian independent writer , literary critic , Germanist , literary historian , essayist , author of dramas , and journalist .
Heinrich Rose ( 6 August 1795 -- 27 January 1864 ) was a German mineralogist and analytical chemist .
Nobuteru Mori was a Japan businessman and politician who founded Showa Denko , a leading Japanese chemical engineering firm , in the 1930s .
Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal ( December 24 , 1812 -- June 3 , 1894 ) was an eminent German jurist and the son of Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal .
Hans Noever ( born 10 May 1928 ) is a German writer , film director , screenwriter and actor .
Henrik Pontoppidan ( 24 July 1857 -- 21 August 1943 ) was a Danish realist writer who shared with Karl Gjellerup the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1917 for `` his authentic descriptions of present - day life in Denmark . ''
Thomas Knowles ( 30 May 1824 -- 3 December 1883 ) was an English businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1883 .
Wilhelm Ringelband ( 1921 - -1981 ) was a German theater critic and endower of the Gertrud - Eysoldt - Ring .
Jaime de Piniés ( 18 November 1917 -- 29 December 2003 ) was a Spanish diplomat who served for one year as the President of the United Nations General Assembly .
Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn al - Hasan ibn Duraid al - Azdi , often known simply as Ibn Duraid ( Arabic : ابن دريد الأزدي‎ ; 837 -- 933 CE ) , was a famous Arab poet , lexicographer and philologist during the Abbasid era .
A. V. Coton ( 16 February 1906 -- 7 July 1969 ) , born Edward Haddakin , was an English ballet critic and writer .
Josep Climent i Avinent ( also known as José Climent ; 1706 - 25 November 1781 ) was a Spanish bishop of Barcelona .
Kajal Aggarwal ( born 19 June 1985 ) is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Telugu and Tamil films .
Josep Pedrals i Urdàniz ( Barcelona , 13 January 1979 ) is a Catalan poet and rhapsodist .
Meera Vasudevan ( born 29 January 1982 ) is an Indian film actress and model , who has appeared in Malayalam , Tamil , Hindi and Telugu - language films .
Gorka Otxoa ( 13 January 1979 , in Irún , Gipuzkoa , Spain ) is a Spanish comedian and actor .
Lorenzo Cesa ( born 16 August 1951 in Arcinazzo Romano , Rome ) is an Italian politician , and was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the 2006 General election representing the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats .
Philipp Karl Buttmann ( 5 December 1764 -- June 21 1829 ) , was a German philologist of French Huguenot ancestry ( original family name `` Boudemont '' ) , born in Frankfurt am Main .
Vinayak Damodar Savarkar was born in the Marathi Chitpavan Brahmin family of Damodar and Radhabai Savarkar in the village of Bhagur , near the city of Nashik , Maharashtra .
Jørgen Jersild ( 17 September 1913 -- 6 February 2004 ) was a Danish composer and music educator .
Lars Kepler is the pen name for Swedish writers Alexander Ahndoril and Alexandra Coelho Ahndoril .
Hagar Yanai ( Hebrew : הגר ינאי‎ ; born 1972 ) is an Israeli author and recipient of the 2008 Prime Minister 's Award for Israeli Authors .
Fritz Todt ( 4 September 1891 -- 8 February 1942 ) was a German engineer , senior Nazi figure , Reich Minister for Armaments and Ammunition , and the founder of Organisation Todt .
Ramana Reddy or T. V. Ramana Reddy or Thikkavarapu Venkata Ramana Reddy ( 1 October 1921 -- 11 November 1974 ) was an Indian actor and comedian , best known for his work in Telugu cinema in the 1950s and 1960s .
Camille Claudel ( French pronunciation : ( kamij klɔdɛl ) ; 8 December 1864 -- 19 October 1943 ) was a French sculptor and graphic artist .
Vinduja Menon is a former actress of Malayalam cinema .
Jean - François Dutertre is a French singer - songwriter and player of the hurdy - gurdy , épinette des Vosges , and traditional French music .
Juan Oliver Chirivella ( Paiporta , Valencia Province , 1935 ) is a Spanish politician who currently is a member of the People 's Party ( PP ) , although he has been a member of several other parties in the past .
Francisco Gaviña Ribelles ( Valencia , Spain , 1941 - -1990 ) was a Spanish chemist and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Évelyne Wilwerth ( born 1947 ) is a Belgian author writing in French .
Dharmavarapu Subramanyam ( 20 September 1960 -- 7 December 2013 ) was an Indian comic actor and film director in Telugu language films .
Enrico Castelnuovo ( February 12 , 1839 -- February 16 , 1915 ) was an Italian writer who had an active role in the Italian unification movement .
Count Vincenzo Dandolo ( 1758 - -1819 ) , Italian chemist and agriculturist , was born at Venice of good family , though not of the same house as the famous doges , and began his career as a physician .
Paulino Masip Roca ( May 11 , 1899 , in La Granadella -- September 21 , 1963 ) a member of the Generation of ' 27 , was a Spanish playwright , screenwriter and novelist .
( French ) Edmond Dauchot , Ardenne bien aimée , préface d'André Dhôtel , Paris - Gembloux , J. Duculot , 1976 .
Otto Winzer ( 3 April 1902 - 3 March 1975 ) was an East German diplomat who served as East Germany 's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1965 to 1975 .
Renato Corsetti ( born 29 March 1941 ) is an Italian esperantist who served as president of the World Esperanto Association ( Universala Esperanto Asocio ) between 2001 and 2007 .
Artur Mas i Gavarró ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ərˈtur ˈmas ) ; born 31 January 1956 ) is a politician of Catalonia .
Alain Resnais ( French : ( alɛ̃ ʁɛnɛ ) ; 3 June 1922 -- 1 March 2014 ) was a French film director whose career extended over more than six decades .
Wang Huo ( Chinese : 王火 ; pinyin : Wāng Huǒ ; born July 1924 ) is a Chinese novelist and screen writer .
Ignacy Sachs ( Warsaw , 1927 ) is a Polish , naturalized French economist .
Norberto Font y Sagué ( 1874 - -1910 ) was a Spanish geologist , naturalist and writer .
Robert Dimsdale ( 1 July 1828 - 2 May 1898 ) was an English banker & Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1866 and 1892 .
Didier Lockwood ( born 11 February 1956 in Calais ) is a French jazz violinist .
Zijah Sokolović ( born 1950 in Sarajevo , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian actor , writer and director who lives , acts and directs in Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Slovenia and Austria .
Gila Almagor ( Hebrew : גילה אלמגור‎ ; born Gila Alexandrowitz ; July 22 , 1939 ) is an Israeli actress , film star , and author .
René Clément ( French : ( klemɑ̃ ) ; 18 March 1913 -- 17 March 1996 ) was a French film director and screenwriter .
Agustín García Calvo ( October 15 , 1926 -- November 1 , 2012 ) was a Spanish philologist , philosopher , poet and playwright .
Shirley Hughes , OBE ( born 16 July 1927 ) is an English author and illustrator .
Bhagwati Charan Verma ( 30 August 1903 -- 5 October 1981 ) , was one of the leading writers in Hindi .
Bahaa Taher ( Arabic : بهاء طاهر‎ , ) ( born 1935 in Cairo , Egypt ) , sometimes transliterated as Bahaa Tahir , Baha Taher , or Baha Tahir , is an Egyptian novelist who writes in Arabic .
Ruggero Ruggeri ( November 14 , 1871 -- July 20 , 1953 ) was an Italian stage and film actor .
Camila Sodi ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈmila ˈsoði ) ; born Camila Ía González - Sodi on 14 May 1986 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican singer , actress and model .
Christiane Nord ( born 13 September 1943 , Eberswalde , Germany ) is a German translation scholar .
Sarat Chandra Bose ( Bengali : শরৎ চন্দ্র বসু ; 6 September 1889 -- 20 February 1950 ) was a barrister and Indian independence activist .
Marc Biancarelli ( born 1968 ) is a Corsican novelist and writer .
Alice Kuipers was born the first of three children in London , England and is of Dutch and English descent .
Raymond Bellour ( born 1939 in Lyon ) is a French writer , critic and theorist of cinema .
Jean - Jacques Amelot de Chaillou ( 30 April 1689 -- 7 May 1749 , Paris ) was a French politician .
Jesús Mari Lazkano ( born 1960 , in Bergara ) is a Spanish Basque painter .
Charbel Dagher , ( in Arabic شربل داغر ) a professor at the University of Balamand , Koura , Lebanon , has been an active and prominent voice on the Arab cultural scene , mainly in the fields of poetry , Arabic language , and Arab and Islamic arts .
Juan Francisco Casas ( born September 21 , 1976 in La Carolina , Jaén , Andalusia ) is a Spanish artist and poet .
Gerald Graff ( born 1937 ) is a professor of English and Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Francisco Moreno Fernández ( Born Mota del Cuervo , Spain , 1960 ) is a Spanish dialectologist and sociolinguist .
Jean - Jacques Hublin ( born 30 November 1953 , in Mostaganem , French Algeria ) is a French Paleoanthropologist .
Michele Cascella ( 7 September 1892 -- 31 August 1989 ) was an Italian artist .
Lucius Annaeus Seneca ( often known as Seneca the Younger or simply Seneca /ˈsɛnɪkə/ ; c. 4 BC -- AD 65 ) was a Roman Stoic philosopher , statesman , dramatist , and in one work humorist , of the Silver Age of Latin literature .
Claude Lamoral , 3rd Prince of Ligne , Prince of Epinoy , Marquis of Roubaix and Count of Fauquemberg ( 8 October 1618 -- 21 December 1679 ) , was a nobleman from the Spanish Netherlands , military and diplomate in the service of Philip IV of Spain and Charles II of Spain .
Pinchus Krémègne , aka Pinchus Kremegne ( Hebrew : פנחס קרמין‎ ; Russian : Пинхус Кремень ; 28 July 1890 -- 5 April 1981 ) , was a Litvak - French artist , primarily known as a sculptor , painter and lithographer .
Rafael Pérez y Pérez ( born 18 September 1891 in Cuatretondeta , Province of Alicante , Spain -- d. 24 April 1984 in Cuatretondeta , Province of Alicante , Spain ) , was a popular Spanish writer of over 160 romantic novels from 1909 to 1971 .
Charles - Édouard Hocquard ( Nancy 1853 - Lyons 1911 ) was a French doctor and explorer , famous for being a photographer .
Marin Držić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( mâriːn dř̩ːʒitɕ ) ; also Marino Darza or Marino Darsa ; 1508 -- 2 May 1567 ) is considered the finest Croatian Renaissance playwright and prose writer .
Yehezkel Braun ( Hebrew : יחזקאל בראון‎ ; January 18 , 1922 -- August 27 , 2014 ) was an Israeli composer .
Mordecai Ardon ( Hebrew : מרדכי ארדון‎ , July 13 , 1896 -- June 18 , 1992 ) was an Israeli painter .
André Essel was awarded the French Cross of War honouring his involvement in the Second World War on the side of the Allies against the Axis forces .
Gualtiero Jacopetti ( 4 September 1919 -- 17 August 2011 ) was an Italian director of documentary films .
Ramón Torrado ( born 5 April 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter .
Edward Spencer Beesly ( /ˈbiːzli/ ; 1831 - -1915 ) was an English positivist and historian .
Bernard Kouchner ( born 1 November 1939 ) is a French politician and physician .
Domenico Ferrata JUD ( March 4 , 1847 -- October 10 , 1914 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal who spent the bulk of his career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See and in the Roman Curia .
Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay ( Bengali : শরদিন্দু বন্দোপাধ্যায় ; 30 March 1899 -- 22 September 1970 ) was a Bengali writer .
Arturo Daudén Ibáñez ( born 9 July 1964 in Cantavieja , Spain ) was a Spanish professional football referee .
Étienne Destot ( March 1 , 1864 -- December 3 , 1918 ) was a French radiologist and anatomist who was a native of Dijon .
Giorgio Amendola ( 21 November 1907 -- 5 June 1980 ) was an Italian writer and politician .
Hanna Banaszak ( born April 24 , 1957 ) is a Polish jazz singer and poet .
Biljana Srbljanović ( Serbian pronunciation : ( bǐʎana sr̩bʎǎːnoʋitɕ ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Биљана Србљановић , born 15 October 1970 ) is a Serbian playwright .
Pablo Iglesias Simón ( born May 3 , 1977 ) is a Spanish theatre director , playwright , researcher , sound designer , and professor .
José María Soler García was a Spanish archaeologist , historian , researcher and folklorist .
Gabriello Chiabrera ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɡabriˈɛllo kjaˈbrɛra ) ; June 8 , 1552 -- October 14 , 1638 ) was an Italian poet , sometimes called the Italian Pindar .
Sancho d'Avila ( 21 September 1523 -- 1583 ) was a Spanish General .
Klaus - Dieter Lehmann ( pronounced ( klaʊ̯s ˈdiːtɐ ˈleːman ) ) ( born 29 February 1940 in Breslau ) is a German librarian and has been president of the Goethe - Institut since April 2008 .
Bruno Pontecorvo ( Russian : Бру́но Макси́мович Понтеко́рво , Bruno Maksimovich Pontekorvo ; 22 August 1913 -- 24 September 1993 ) was an Italian nuclear physicist , an early assistant of Enrico Fermi and then the author of numerous studies in high energy physics , especially on neutrinos .
Sir Cresswell Cresswell PC KC ( 20 August 1794 -- 29 July 1863 ) , born Cresswell Easterby , was an English lawyer , judge and Tory politician .
Erna Lendvai - Dircksen ( born Erna Katherina Wilhelmine Dircksen , 31 May 1883 -- 8 May 1962 ) was a German photographer known for a series of volumes of portraits of rural individuals from throughout Germany .
Edmond Faral ( 18 March 1882 -- 8 February 1958 ) was an Algerian - born French medievalist .
Bas Kast is a German science writer .
Kim Soo - young ( The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea ) is a Korean poet .
Víctor de la Fuente ( 1927 - 2 July 2010 ) was a Spanish comic book artist and writer .
Mihály Vörösmarty ( archaically English : Michael Vorosmarthy 1 December 1800 -- 19 November 1855 ) was an important Hungarian poet and dramatist .
Friedrich Max Müller ( 6 December 1823 -- 28 October 1900 ) , generally known as Max Müller , was a German - born philologist and Orientalist , who lived and studied in Britain for most of his life .
Xavier Valls Subirà ( 1923 - -2006 ) was a Spanish painter who lived in Paris most of his life .
Pierre - Hubert Nysten ( 30 October 1771 -- 3 March 1818 ) was a French physiologist and pediatrician who was a native of Liège .
Nicholas Hawksmoor ( probably 1661 -- 25 March 1736 ) was an English architect .
Muallim Naci ( 1850 - 1893 ) , literally `` Naci The Teacher '' , was a Turkish writer , poet , teacher and critic .
Leon Rosselson ( born 22 June 1934 , Harrow , Middlesex ) is an English songwriter and writer of children 's books .
Jacqueline Caurat ( born 23 July 1929 ) is a retired French television presenter and journalist .
León Felipe Camino Galicia ( 11 April 1884 -- 17 September 1968 ) was an anti - fascist Spanish poet .
Zhou Zuoren ( Chinese : 周作人 ; pinyin : Zhōu Zuòrén ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Tso - jen ) ( 16 January 1885 -- 6 May 1967 ) was a Chinese writer , primarily known as an essayist and a translator .
Hanns Maaßen ( born 26 December 1908 as Otto Johannes Maaßen in Lübeck , died 23 June 1983 in Mahlow ) was a German journalist and writer .
Hermann Marggraff ( 1809 - -64 ) was a German poet and humorous author .
Eva Strittmatter ( née Braun ; 8 February 1930 -- 3 January 2011 ) was a German writer of poetry , prose , and children 's literature .
Ambroise Chevreux ( 1728 - -1792 ) was a French Benedictine .
Usha Kiran ( 22 April 1929 -- 9 March 2000 ) was a Hindi and Marathi film actress .
Patrick Moutal is a French sitarist and musicologist .
Keith Forsey ( born 2 January 1948 ) is an English soundtrack composer , drummer , songwriter and record producer .
Kālidāsa ( Sanskrit : कालिदास ) was a Classical Sanskrit writer , widely regarded as the greatest poet and dramatist in the Sanskrit language .
Fred Pearce ( born 30 December 1951 ) is an English author and journalist based in London .
Karin Smirnov or Smirnoff , née Strindberg ( 26 February 1880 -- 10 May 1973 ) was a Finland - Swedish writer .
Bhubanmohan Baruah ( Assamese : ভূবনমোহন বৰুৱা ; 1914 - 1998 ) was a novelist , short story writer from Assam .
Édouard Riou ( 2 December 1833 -- 27 January 1900 ) was a French painter and illustrator who illustrated six novels by Jules Verne , as well as several other well - known works .
Siniša Glavašević ( 4 November 1960 -- 20 November 1991 ) was a Croatian reporter who was killed by Serbian paramilitaries following the Battle of Vukovar .
Frank Arnau ( March 9 , 1894 - February 11 , 1976 ) was the pseudonym of a German crime fiction writer , born as Heinrich Schmitt .
Philibert Chabert ( 6 January 1737 -- 8 September 1814 ) was a French agronomist and veterinarian .
Molla Vali Vidadi ( Azerbaijani : Molla Vəli Vidadi ) ( 1708 , Shamkir -- 1809 , near Gazakh ) was an Azerbaijani poet .
John Zachary Young FRS ( 18 March 1907 -- 4 July 1997 ) , generally known as `` JZ '' or `` JZY '' , was an English zoologist and neurophysiologist , described as `` one of the most influential biologists of the 20th century . ''
Klaus Fußmann ( born March 24 , 1938 ) , is a contemporary German painter .
Nguyen Quang Lap is a Vietnamese writer , playwright , and screenwriter .
Joaquín Rubio y Muñoz ( 1788 - -1874 ) was a Spanish lawyer who was a noted antiquarian and numismatist in the city of Cádiz , Spain .
Ángel Gabilondo Pujol ( born 1 March 1949 ) is a Spanish university professor .
Kesava Reddy ( Telugu : పి కేశవ రెడ్డి ) was a renowned Telugu novelist .
Jaime Ignacio González González ( born October 19 , 1960 Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish politician and member of the Partido Popular .
Lodovico Agostini ( 1534 -- September 20 , 1590 ) was an Italian composer , singer , priest , and scholar of the late Renaissance .
Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli ( Italian : ( arˈtuːro beneˈdetti mikeˈlandʒeli ) ; 5 January 1920 -- 12 June 1995 ) was an Italian classical pianist .
José María Bocanegra ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xosemaˈɾia bokaˈneɣɾa ) ; 25 May 1787 -- 23 July 1862 ) was a Mexican lawyer and politician who was briefly interim president of Mexico in 1829 .
Gérard Audran ( or Girard Audran ) ( 2 August 1640 -- 26 July 1703 ) , was a French engraver of the Audran family , the third son of Claude Audran .
André - Louis Debierne ( 14 July 1874 -- 31 August 1949 ) was a French chemist and is considered the discoverer of the element actinium .
Matthew Arnold ( 24 December 1822 -- 15 April 1888 ) was an English poet and cultural critic who worked as an inspector of schools .
Marianne Adelaide Hedwig Dohm ( born Schlesinger , later Schleh ) ( September 20 , 1831 -- June 1 , 1919 ) was a German feminist , and author .
Juan Givanel ( 1868 - -1946 ) was a Spanish philologist , erudite , literary critic and Cervantes scholar .
Dame Ivy Compton - Burnett , DBE ( 5 June 1884 -- 27 August 1969 ) was an English novelist , published ( in the original hardback editions ) as I. Compton - Burnett .
Michel Warschawski ( Mikado ) ( Hebrew : מיכאל ורשבסקי ( מיקאדו)‎ ) is an Israeli anti - Zionist activist .
Rafael Sabatini ( 29 April 1875 -- 13 February 1950 ) was an Italian / English writer of novels of romance and adventure .
Michael Fokine ( a French transliteration Michel Fokine ; English transliteration Mikhail Fokin ; Russian : Михаи́л Миха́йлович Фо́кин , Mikhaíl Mikháylovich Fokín ) ( 23 April ( O.S. 11 April ) 1880 -- 22 August 1942 ) was a groundbreaking Russian choreographer and dancer .
Hans - Joachim Kasprzik ( August 14 , 1928 -- October 10 , 1997 ) was a German film and television director and screenwriter .
Heinrich Schütz ( German : ( ʃʏʦ ) ; 18 October ( O.S. 8 October ) 1585 -- 6 November 1672 ) was a German composer and organist , generally regarded as the most important German composer before Johann Sebastian Bach and often considered to be one of the most important composers of the 17th century .
Miklós Borsos ( 13 August 13 1906 -- 27 January 1990 ) was a Hungarian sculptor and medallist .
Karl Friedrich Schimper ( 15 February 1803 -- 21 December 1867 ) was a German botanist , naturalist and poet .
Élie Halévy ( 6 September 1870 -- 21 August 1937 ) was a French philosopher and historian who wrote studies of the British utilitarians , the book of essays , Era of Tyrannies , and a history of Britain from 1815 to 1914 that influenced British historiography .
Charles Frédéric Kuhlmann ( 22 May 1803 -- 27 January 1881 ) was a French chemist who patented the reaction for converting ammonia to nitric acid , which was later used in the Ostwald process .
José Ramón Bauzà Díaz ( born November 16 , 1970 ) is a Spanish politician and the president of the Autonomous Community of the Balearic Islands from 2011 to 2015 .
Irmgard Keun ( February 6 , 1905 -- May 5 , 1982 ) was a German author noteworthy for her portrayals of life in both the Weimar Republic and the early years of the Nazi Germany era .
Heinrich Barth ( 16 February 1821 -- 25 November 1865 ) was a German explorer of Africa and scholar .
Karl Spruner von Merz ( 15 November 1803 -- 24 August 1892 ) , or Karl von Spruner as he preferred to be known , was a German cartographer and scholar .
Juan de Valdés Leal ( 4 May 1622 -- 15 October 1690 ) was a Spanish painter and etcher of the Baroque era .
Philippe Bouchet ( born 1953 ) is a French biologist whose primary scientific fields of study are malacology and taxonomy .
Luis de Olona y Gaeta ( Málaga , 1823 -- Barcelona , 1863 ) was a playwright , theater impresario and librettist of a number of Spanish zarzuelas by the mid of 19th - century Spain .
Theo Brandmüller ( 2 February 1948 in Mainz -- 26 November 2012 in Saarbrücken ) was a German contemporary classical composer , organist and teacher .
Wiesław Myśliwski ( born 25 March 1932 in Dwikozy , near Sandomierz ) is a Polish novelist .
Marius Müller - Westernhagen ( 6 December 1948 in Düsseldorf , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German actor and musician .
Pascalis Romanus ( or Paschal the Roman ) was a 12th - century priest , medical expert , and dream theorist , noted especially for his Latin translations of Greek texts on theology , oneirocritics , and related subjects .
Peter Lebrecht Schmidt ( born Dessau , 28 July 1933 ) is a German classical scholar .
General Wacław Jędrzejewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvat͡swaf jɛndʐɛˈjɛvʲit͡ʂ ) ; 29 January 1893 -- 30 November 1993 ) was a Polish Army officer , diplomat , politician and historian , and subsequently an American college professor .
Giacomo Luigi Ciamician ( 27 August 1857 -- 2 January 1922 ) was an Italian photochemist and senator of Armenian descent .
Wilhelm Kobelt ( February 20 , 1840 -- March 26 , 1916 ) was a German zoologist born in Alsfeld , Grand Duchy of Hesse .
Liu Bannong ( 1891 - -1934 ) or Liu Fu ( 劉復/刘复 ) was a Chinese linguist and poet .
Richard Chiswell ( 1673 -- 14 May 1751 ) was a wealthy English merchant and politician .
Raymond Lister ( 1919 - -2001 ) was an English blacksmith / ironworker , author , artist and the leading authority on Samuel Palmer .
Francis Osborne ( 26 September 1593 -- 4 February 1659 ) was an English essayist , known for his Advice to a Son , which became a very popular book soon after the English Restoration .
Anatoly Borisovich Kuznetsov ( Russian : Анатолий Борисович Кузнецов ; December 31 , 1930 -- March 7 , 2014 ) was a Soviet and Russian actor , probably best known for his role as a Red Army soldier Fyodor Sukhov in White Sun of the Desert ( 1970 ) .
Gustav Pfizer ( 1807 - 1890 ) was a German poet and critic of the Swabian school .
Paul Pétau ( Paulus Petavius in Latin ) ( 1568 - 1614 ) was a French publisher and book collector .
Antoni Malczewski ( 3 June 1793 -- 2 May 1826 ) was an influential Polish romantic poet , known for his only work , `` a narrative poem of dire pessimism '' , Maria ( 1825 ) .
Luca Desiato ( born November 13 , 1941 in Rome ) is an Italian journalist and writer .
José María Asensio ( 1829 - -1905 ) was a Spanish historian , journalist , biographer and writer .
André Lallemand ( September 29 , 1904 -- March 24 , 1978 ) was a French astronomer and director of the Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris .
John Pell ( 1 March 1611 -- 12 December 1685 ) was an English mathematician .
Publilius Optatianus Porfirius was a Latin poet , possibly a native of Africa .
John Eric Bartholomew , OBE ( 14 May 1926 -- 28 May 1984 ) , known by his stage name Eric Morecambe , was an English comedian who together with Ernie Wise formed the award - winning double act Morecambe and Wise .
Joseph Charles Hippolyte Crosse ( 1 October 1826 in Paris - 7 August 1898 ) was a French conchologist .
Otto Dov Kulka ( Ôttô Dov Qûlqā ; born April 16 , 1933 in Halenkov , Czechoslovakia ) is an Israeli historian , professor emeritus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Kurt Sanderling , CBE ( 19 September 1912 -- 17 September 2011 ) was a German conductor .
Jean - François Mattéi ( French : ( ma.te.i ) ; 9 March 1941 -- 24 March 2014 ) was a French philosopher and professor of Greek philosophy and political philosophy at the University of Nice .
Vinaya Prasad ( also credited as Vinaya Prakash ) is a popular film and television actress in South India who has primarily featured in Kannada and Malayalam films besides acting in a few Tamil and Telugu language films .
Anna Kohler ( alternative spelling : Anna Köhler or Anna Koehler ) is a German - American theater actress , director and translator .
Paul Kuentz ( Born 4 May 1930 - Mulhouse , France ) is a French conductor who studied at the Paris Conservatoire from 1947 to 1950 , with Noël Gallon , Georges Hugon and Eugene Bigot .
Christian Friedrich Schönbein ( 18 October 1799 -- 29 August 1868 ) was a German - Swiss chemist who is best known for inventing the fuel cell ( 1838 ) at the same time as William Robert Grove and his discoveries of guncotton and ozone .
Dumitru Berciu ( 27 January 1907 , Bobaiţa , Mehedinţi -- 1 July 1998 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian historian and archaeologist , honorary member of the Romanian Academy .
Piero Marrazzo ( born in Rome on 29 July 1958 ) is an Italian journalist and politician .
K. R. Vatsala is an Indian actress who works in Malayalam cinema .
Massimo Girotti ( 18 May 1918 -- 5 January 2003 ) was an Italian film actor whose career spanned seven decades .
Rai Bahadur Dinesh Chandra Sen ( Bengali : দীনেশ চন্দ্র সেন ) ( 3 November 1866 -- 20 November 1939 ) was a Bengali writer , educationist and researcher of Bengali folklore .
Nadia Hilou ( Arabic : ناديا حلو‎ , Hebrew : נאדיה חילו‎‎ ; 5 July 1953 -- 27 February 2015 ) was an Israeli Arab social worker and politician , who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 2006 and 2009 .
Alexandre Jean Albert Lavignac ( 21 January 1846 -- 28 May 1916 ) was a French music scholar , known for his essays on theory , and a minor composer .
Juergen Teller ( born January 28 , 1964 ) is a German artist and fine - art and fashion photographer .
George Robert Lewis ( 1782 - -1871 ) was a versatile English painter of landscapes and portraits .
Sir Roger L'Estrange ( 17 December 1616 -- 11 December 1704 ) was an English pamphleteer , author and staunch defender of Royalist claims .
Luciana Frassati Gawronska ( 18 August 1902 -- 7 October 2007 ) was an Italian writer and author .
Frédéric Monod ( 1794 - 1863 ) was a French Protestant pastor .
Ludovico di Varthema , also known as Barthema and Vertomannus ( c. 1470 -- 1517 ) , was an Italian traveller , diarist and aristocrat known for being the first non - Muslim European to enter Mecca as a pilgrim .
Ros Serey Sothea ( Khmer : រស់ សេរីសុទ្ធា ) ( 1948 -- 1977 ) was a Cambodian singer .
Sun Bin ( simplified Chinese : 孙膑 ; traditional Chinese : 孫臏 ; pinyin : Sūn Bìn ; died 316 BC ) was a military strategist who lived during the Warring States period of Chinese history .
Jean - Marie - Joseph Coutelle ( 3 January 1748 , Le Mans -- 20 March 1835 , 11th arrondissement , Paris ) was a French engineer , scientist and pioneer of ballooning .
Hannelore Mensch ( born Hannelore Bosch , Neu Zachun , 16 June 1937 ) is a former East German politician .
Dionisio Alcalá Galiano ( 8 October 1760 -- 21 October 1805 ) was a Spanish naval officer , cartographer , and explorer .
Claudio de la Torre ( October 30 , 1895 - January 10 , 1973 ) was a Spanish novelist , poet , dramatist and film director .
Monica Braw ( born 1945 ) , is a Swedish author and an international reporter .
Félix - Alexandre Desruelles ( 1865 - -1943 ) was a French sculptor who was born in Valenciennes in 1865 .
Oya Baydar ( born 1940 ) is a Turkish sociologist and writer .
Esther Streit - Wurzel ( Hebrew : אֶסְתֵּר שְטְרייט - ווֹרְצֶל ; July 25 , 1932 − December 7 , 2013 ) was an Israeli children 's author and educator .
Pierre - Antoine - Ernest Bazin ( February 20 , 1807 - December 14 , 1878 ) was a French physician and dermatologist born in Saint - Brice - sous - Forêt .
Nicolas Charles Seringe ( December 3 , 1776 -- December 29 , 1858 ) was a French physician and botanist born in Longjumeau .
Gian Giorgio Trissino ( 8 July 1478 -- 8 December 1550 ) , also called Giovan Giorgio Trissino , was an Italian Renaissance humanist , poet , dramatist , diplomat , and grammarian .
In 1910 , Frank Burty Haviland went to the South of France with Manolo and De Séverac , and he bought a monastery in Céret , in the French Pyrenees , which became the center of the so - called School of Céret until 1914 .
Édouard Le Danois ( born , Brest April 8 , 1887 - died , Saint - Germain - en - Laye , June 11 , 1968 ) was a French zoologist specialising in marine life .
José Duarte Ramalho Ortigão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛ ˈdwaɾtɨ ʁɐˈmaʎu uɾtiˈɡɐ̃ũ̯ ) ) ( 24 October 1836 -- 27 September 1915 ) was a Portuguese writer of the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Kaspar Ursinus Velius ( c. 1493 -- 5 March 1539 ) was a German humanist scholar , poet and historian .
Johanna Schopenhauer ( née Trosiener ; July 9 , 1766 -- April 17 , 1838 ) was a German author .
Henry - Clément Sanson ( b. May 27 , 1799 - d. January 25 1889 ) was a French executioner .
René Pollesch ( born 29 October 1962 ) is a German author and dramatist .
Sir Henry Seymour King , 1st Baronet KCIE ( 4 January 1852 -- 14 November 1933 ) was an English banker , mountaineer and Conservative politician .
Sancho Gracia ( September 27 , 1936 -- August 8 , 2012 ) was a Spanish motion picture and television actor .
Stefania Sempołowska ( born 1 October 1869 in Polonisz near Środa Wielkopolska ) was a Polish educator and writer .
Antonio Bonfini ( Latin variant : Antonius Bonfinius ) ( 1434 - -1503 ) was an Italian humanist and poet who spent the last years of his career as a court historian in Hungary with King Matthias Corvinus .
Vladimir Ghika or Ghica ( December 25 , 1873 - May 16 , 1954 ) was a Romanian diplomat and essayist who , after his conversion from Romanian Orthodoxy to Roman Catholicism , became a priest .
Catherine Graciet is a French journalist known for her work on the finance and geopolitics of the oil business , and for her work on Morocco and its government .
Joseph Partsch ( 4 July 1851 -- 22 June 1925 ) was a German geographer , born at Schreiberhau , Silesia .
Jiří Přibáň ( born 25 August 1967 in Prague ) is a Czech academic , author , translator and essayist specializing in the areas of philosophy of law , sociology and politology .
Sabyasachi Chakrabarty ( Bengali : সব্যসাচী চক্রবর্তী , born 8 September 1956 ) is an Indian actor of TV , films and theater .
Carlo Vigarani ( 1637 , Modena - 1713 ) was an Italian scenic designer who worked as `` ingénieur du roi '' and then `` intendant des plaisirs du roi '' at the court of the French king Louis XIV until 1690 .
Erland Josephson ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈæːɭand ˈʝuːsɛfsɔn ) ; 15 June 1923 -- 25 February 2012 ) was a Swedish actor and author .
Mehmet Murat Somer ( born 1959 ) is a Turkish author of crime fiction best known for his Hop - Çiki - Yaya series set in Istanbul and featuring an unnamed transvestite amateur detective .
Johan Falkberget , born Johan Petter Lillebakken , ( 30 September 1879 -- 5 April 1967 ) was a Norwegian author .
Günter Ruch ( born 19 August 1956 in Sinzig , Rhineland - Palatinate , died 18 December 2010 in Bad Neuenahr - Ahrweiler ) was a German writer , journalist , politician of the FDP and author of contemporary , fantasy and historical novels .
Charles Long , 1st Baron Farnborough GCB PC PC ( Ire ) FRS FSA ( 2 January 1760 -- 17 January 1838 ) was an English politician and connoisseur of the arts .
Letizia Moratti ( born Letizia Brichetto Arnaboldi ; November 26 , 1949 ) is an Italian businesswoman and ex - politician .
Philippe de Champaigne ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃɑ̃paɲ ) ; 26 May 1602 -- 12 August 1674 ) was a Brabançon - born French Baroque era painter , a major exponent of the French school .
Eduardo Lago ( born 15 June 1954 ) is a Spanish novelist , translator , and literary critic , born in Madrid and currently living in Manhattan , New York , United States .
Knud Lyne Rahbek ( 18 December 1760 -- 22 April 1830 ) was a Danish literary historian , critic , writer , poet & magazine editor .
Fran Levstik ( 28 September 1831 -- 16 November 1887 ) was a Slovene writer , political activist , playwright and critic .
Giuseppe Dossetti ( 13 February 1913 -- 15 December 1996 ) was an Italian jurist , a politician and from 1958 onward a Catholic priest .
Paul - Henry de Belvèze ( 11 March 1801 -- 8 February 1875 ) was a French sailor who was given the mission by Napoleon III 's government of renewing commercial relations with Canada .
Vincent Paronnaud ( born 1970 ) , a.k.a . Winshluss , is a French comics artist and filmmaker .
Otto Ubbelohde ( January 5 , 1867 -- May 8 , 1922 ) was a German painter , etcher and illustrator .
Ambrose Philips ( 1674 -- 18 June 1749 ) was an English poet and politician .
Moussa Diagana ( M'Bout , 1946 ) is a Mauritanian French language writer .
Domenico Comparetti ( June 27 , 1835 -- January 20 , 1927 ) was an Italian scholar .
Fredrik August Dahlgren ( September 20 , 1816 -- February 16 , 1895 ) was a Swedish writer , playwright and songwriter .
Rüdiger Sünner , born 1953 in Köln on the Rhine , is a German author and documentary film maker , most notable for his book and his documentary on the Schwarze Sonne .
Jean Clédat ( 7 May 1871 -- 29 July 1943 ) was a French Egyptologist , archaeologist and philologist .
Jules Rossignon ( born , France - died , 1883 ; also known as Julio Rossignon ) was a French professor , writer , scientific agriculturist , and international coffee grower .
David Suchet , CBE ( /ˈsuːʃeɪ/ SOO - shay ; born 2 May 1946 ) is an English actor , known for his work on British stage and television .
Henri Krasucki ( 2 September 1924 , Wołomin , Poland - 24 January 2003 ) was a French trade - unionist , former secretary general of the Confédération générale du travail ( CGT ) from 1982 to 1992 .
Zvi Laron ( Hebrew : צבי לרון‎ , born February 6 , 1927 ) is an Israeli paediatric endocrinologist , born in Cernăuţi , Romania , a professor emeritus at Tel Aviv University .
V. K. Wellington Koo ( 29 January 1888 -- 14 November 1985 ) , whose Chinese name is variously romanized as Koo Vi Kyuin , Ku Wei - chün , and Gu Weijun , was a Chinese diplomat from the Republic of China .
Vincenzo Cartari ( c.1531 - -1569 ) was an Italian mythographer and diplomat of the Italian Renaissance .
Francisco Vallés also known as Divino Vallés ( Covarrubias , 4 October 1524 -- Burgos , 20 September 1592 ) was a Spanish physician , the best example of the medical Renaissance in Spain .
Lucien Tesnière ( French : ( lysjɛ̃ tɛnjɛʁ ) ; May 13 , 1893 -- December 6 , 1954 ) was a prominent and influential French linguist .
Jules Hardouin - Mansart ( 16 April 1646 -- 11 May 1708 ) was a French architect whose work is generally considered to be the apex of French Baroque architecture , representing the power and grandeur of Louis XIV .
Bronius Kutavičius ( born 1932 in Molainiai , Panevėžys district municipality , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian composer .
A voracious reader in Malayalam and English , Narendra Prasad distinguished himself as a potential man of letters even as a degree student .
Francisco Manoel de Nascimento ( December 21 , 1734 -- February 25 , 1819 ) , Portuguese poet , better known by the literary name of Filinto Elysio , bestowed on him by the Marqueza de Alorna , was the reputed son of a Lisbon boat - owner .
Durand of Huesca ( c. 1160 -- 1224 ) was a Spanish Waldensian , who converted in 1207 to Catholicism .
Francesco Salvi ( born 7 February 1953 ) is an Italian actor , writer , comedian , singer and architect .
Andrea Olivero ( born 24 February 1970 ) is an Italian Senator and professor .
Martin Grabmann ( 5 January 1875 -- 9 January 1949 ) was a German Catholic priest , medievalist and historian of theology and philosophy .
Yun Dong - ju ( Korean pronunciation : ( jundoŋdʑu ) ; December 30 , 1917 -- February 16 , 1945 ) was a Korean poet .
Eriks Ādamsons ( June 22 , 1907 -- February 28 , 1946 ) was a Latvian writer , poet and novelist .
Alona Frankel ( Hebrew : אלונה פרנקל‎ , June 27 , 1937 ) is a Polish - born Israeli writer and illustrator of many , classic children 's books as well as recently published poetic memoirs for young adults .
Carmelo Larrea Carricarte ( July 16 , 1907 -- February 2 , 1980 ) was a Spanish songwriter and musician .
Maxime Laubeuf was a French maritime engineer of the late nineteenth century .
Jörg Immendorff ( June 14 , 1945 -- May 28 , 2007 ) was one of the best known contemporary German painters ; he was also a sculptor , stage designer and art professor .
Ferenc Szabadváry ( 1 September 1923 -- 21 May 2006 ) was a Hungarian chemist and historian .
Nguyễn An Ninh ( 1900 - 1943 ) was a Vietnamese writer , activist and revolutionary during the country struggle against the French colonial empire .
Andrea Appiani ( 31 May 1754 -- 8 November 1817 ) was an Italian neoclassical painter .
Juan Carlos Chirinos , in The Contemporary Spanish - American Novel .
Soumili Biswas is a Bengali film and television actress , model , TV anchor , and a classical danseuse .
Tuvia Beeri ( Hebrew : טוביה בארי‎ , born 1929 in Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech - Israeli painter .
Tomás Marco Aragón ( born 12 September 1942 ) , is a Spanish composer and writer on music .
Aron Ettore Schmitz ( 19 December 1861 -- 13 September 1928 ) , better known by the pseudonym Italo Svevo ( Italian : ( ˈiːtalo ˈzvɛːvo ) ) , was an Italian writer and businessman , known as a novelist , playwright , and short story writer .
Pierre Lestringuez ( October 17 , 1889 -- October 18 , 1950 ) was a French screenwriter and film actor .
C. I. Paul was a Malayalam film and television actor .
Giuseppe Bossi ( 11 August 1777 -- 9 November 1815 ) was an Italian painter , arts administrator and writer on art . He ranks among the foremost figures of Neoclassical culture in Lombardy , along with Ugo Foscolo , Giuseppe Parini , Andrea Appiani or Manzoni .
Charles Davies Sherborn ( 30 June 1861 -- 22 June 1942 ) was an English bibliographer , paleontologist and geologist .
Jean - François Zevaco ( 1916 - -2003 ) was a French - Moroccan architect .
James Franck ( 26 August 1882 -- 21 May 1964 ) was a German physicist who won the 1925 Nobel Prize for Physics with Gustav Hertz `` for their discovery of the laws governing the impact of an electron upon an atom '' .
Marthe Hanau ( 1890 - 1935 ) was a Frenchwoman who defrauded French financial markets in the 1920s and 1930s .
Javier de Villota ( Madrid , 1994 ) is a Spanish painter , sculptor and architect who comes from two generations of artists , being the great - grandson of José Diaz y Palma and grandnephew of José Gutierrez Solana who deeply influenced his career .
Sir William Congreve , 2nd Baronet KCH FRS ( 20 May 1772 -- 16 May 1828 ) was an English inventor and rocket artillery pioneer distinguished for his development and deployment of Congreve rockets , and a Tory Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Emili Rosales i Castellà ( Sant Carles de la Ràpita , Catalonia , February 12 , 1968 ) is a Catalan writer and editor .
Lloyd Fernando ( 31 May 1926 -- 28 February 2008 ) was a Malaysian author and professor at the University of Malaya in the English Department .
Isabel - Clara Simó i Monllor ( 1943 ) is a Spanish journalist and writer born in the town of Alcoi located in the Valencian Community .
Louis Eugène Robert ( 6 December 1806 -- 28 May 1882 ) was a French naturalist , geologist and entomologist .
Joaquín Trincado Mateo was a philosopher of Spanish origin .
Pierre A. Riffard is a French philosopher and specialist in esotericism .
Peter Reading ( 27 July 1946 -- 17 November 2011 ) was an English poet and the author of 26 collections of poetry .
Jacques - François - Fromental - Élie Halévy , usually known as Fromental Halévy ( French : ( fʁɔmɑ̃tal alevi ) ; 27 May 1799 -- 17 March 1862 ) , was a French composer .
Joanes Leizarraga ( 1506 - -1601 ) was a 16th - century Basque priest .
Alberto Posadas ( Valladolid , 1967 ) , is a Spanish composer .
Churchill Babington ( /ˈbæbɪŋtən/ ; 11 March 1821 -- 12 January 1889 ) was an English classical scholar , archaeologist and naturalist .
Antonio Carlos Ortega Pérez ( born July 14 , 1971 ) is the head coach of the Danish handball team KIF Kolding København and a former Spanish handball player .
Raymond Bernard ( 10 October 1891 -- 12 December 1977 ) was a French film director and screenwriter whose career spanned more than forty years .
WOMR ( 92.1 FM ) is a public broadcasting community radio station based in Provincetown , Massachusetts .
WYFR was a shortwave radio station located in Okeechobee , Florida , United States .
CKZZ - FM ( 95.3 FM , `` Z95.3 '' ) is a Canadian radio station in the Greater Vancouver region of British Columbia .
WRGV ( 107.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Pensacola , Florida , United States .
WKTK is a commercial radio station licensed in Crystal River , Florida , broadcasting to the Gainesville - Ocala , Florida area on 98.5 FM .
WHHY - FM ( 101.9 FM , `` Y-102 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery , Alabama , USA .
KDRB , `` 100.3 The Bus , '' is an adult hits radio station similar to Jack FM serving the Des Moines , Iowa , area in the USA .
KOAI ( 95.1/94.9 FM `` The Oasis '' ) is a Soft adult contemporary radio station serving the Phoenix metropolitan area and licensed to Sun City West , Arizona .
KJMJ 580 kHz is an American AM radio broadcasting station in Alexandria , Louisiana .
WGEV is a college radio station that is owned by Geneva College in Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania .
KZOY is a daytime - only AM station licensed for 500 watts on 1520 kHz at Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
WLES is a Christian Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bon Air , Virginia , serving Metro Richmond .
WMXO is a radio station licensed to and located in Olean , NY .
CKVI - FM is a Canadian community radio station , owned and operated by Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute in Kingston , Ontario .
KLXX ( 1270 AM ) , known as `` Super Talk 1270 '' , is a radio station located midway between Mandan and Bismarck , North Dakota , USA .
KTKN ( 930 AM ) is an American commercial radio station airing talk and hot adult contemporary music programming in Ketchikan , Alaska .
CIYN - FM is a classic hits radio station in Kincardine , Ontario , broadcasting at 87.7 FM .
CJYQ is an AM radio station broadcasting at 930 kHz in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
WTGZ ( 93.9 FM , `` The Tiger '' ) is a commercial radio station in Union Springs , Alabama , broadcasting to the Auburn , Alabama , area .
KAPE ( 1550 AM , `` Cape Radio 1550 '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Cape Girardeau , Missouri .
KELQ ( 107.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting a news / talk format , simulcasting KELO 1320 AM . Licensed to Flandreau , South Dakota , it serves the Sioux Falls , South Dakota area . The station is currently owned by Duey E. Wright , through licensee Midwest Communications , Inc.
WHHH , 96.3 FM , is a mainstream urban - leaning rhythmic contemporary radio station in Indianapolis , Indiana .
WTVR - FM ( 98.1 MHz ) is an FM radio station licensed to Richmond , Virginia .
WKNY ( 1490 kHz AM ) is a radio station serving the Kingston , New York , area with an adult contemporary format .
KCCD ( 90.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Moorhead , Minnesota , serving the Fargo , ND / Moorhead , MN area .
KASI ( 1430 AM , `` News Talk 1430 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Ames , Iowa .
WWDM is an urban adult contemporary radio station licensed to Sumter , South Carolina and serves the Columbia , South Carolina market .
KEXO is a radio station serving Grand Junction , Colorado and vicinity with a sports talk format affiliated with ESPN , and providing play - by - play coverage of Colorado Mesa University Athletics as well as local high school football .
WWSR ( 93.1 FM , `` 93.1 The Fan '' ) is a commercial radio station in Lima , Ohio , broadcasting a sports format .
WROR - FM is a radio station licensed to Framingham , Massachusetts , serving the greater Boston region .
WUWG FM 90.7 is the radio station at the University of West Georgia in Carrollton , Georgia , and a part of the GPB Radio state network .
KLDY ( 1280 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Lacey , Washington , USA .
CKRW - FM , also branded The Rush , is a hot adult contemporary radio station in Whitehorse , Yukon , Canada .
WDRC - FM , known as 102.9 The Whale , is a radio station based in Bloomfield , Connecticut , which primarily serves the Hartford market with a classic rock format .
KWJJ - FM ( 99.5 FM ) is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland , Oregon , area .
CHUB - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts at 105.5 FM in Red Deer , Alberta with a hot adult contemporary format branded as Big 105 .
KTCK - FM ( 96.7 FM ) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve the community of Flower Mound , Texas .
WALN ( 89.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Carrollton , Alabama , USA .
WCXT is licensed to Hartford , Michigan and focuses on the cities of St. Joseph , Benton Harbor and South Haven .
CBI - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio 2 network in Sydney , Nova Scotia .
CJVB is a radio station in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada which broadcasts multilingual programming at AM 1470 .
WTRN is an American commercial AM radio station , licensed to the borough of Tyrone , Pennsylvania .
WTCB is an adult contemporary radio station licensed to Orangeburg , South Carolina and serves the Columbia , South Carolina market .
WMLQ ( 97.7 FM , `` News 97 & 98 '' ) is a radio station located in Manistee , Michigan broadcasting a news / talk format , simulcasting WLDN 98.7 FM Ludington .
KKJZ ( 88.1 MHz FM , KJAZZ ) is a non - commercial public radio station in Southern California broadcasting from the Long Beach State campus .
WAZL is an AM broadcasting radio station licensed to the city of Hazleton , Pennsylvania with service area extending to the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton radio market .
WRWM ( 93.9 FM , `` 93.9 The Beat '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Lawrence , Indiana , that broadcasts in the Indianapolis area .
CFAX 1070 AM is a news - talk radio station in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
WRNS - FM is an FM radio station located in Kinston , North Carolina in the United States .
2QN is a radio station based in Deniliquin , New South Wales , Australia .
WQSH ( 105.7 FM ) are the call letters of a radio station licensed to Malta , New York .
WGTK - FM ( 94.5 FM ) is an FM radio station licensed to serve Greenville , South Carolina .
KZBD ( 105.7 FM , `` Now 105.7 FM '' ) is a Top 40 ( CHR ) music formatted radio station serving the Spokane , Washington , USA area .
KHEN - LP ( 106.9 FM ) is a low - power community radio station located in Salida , Colorado , USA .
WYSO ( 91.3 FM ) is a radio station in Yellow Springs , Ohio , near Dayton , operated by Antioch College .
KZRX ( 92.1 FM ) , known as `` Rockin ' the Western Edge Z-92 '' , is a radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock format serving Western North Dakota from Dickinson , North Dakota .
KQTH ( 104.1 FM ) is a news / talk radio station in Tucson , Arizona `` .
WANS ( 1280 AM ) is a classic hits radio station located in Anderson , South Carolina .
Northsound 1 is a radio station serving Aberdeen and the north east of Scotland .
WNYM ( 970 kHz ) is an AM radio station licensed to Hackensack , New Jersey , USA and serving the New York metropolitan area .
KOMR ( 106.3 FM ) in Sun City , Arizona , is a Spanish Adult Hits radio station serving the Phoenix area .
KMVR ( 104.9 FM , `` Magic 105 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Mesilla Park , New Mexico .
CHWV - FM is a Canadian radio station in Saint John , New Brunswick broadcasting at 97.3 FM .
WFGF ( 92.1 FM , `` 92.1 The Frog '' ) is a commercial radio station based in Wapakoneta , Ohio , broadcasting a country music format .
The PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) is a home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Inmarsat-4A F4 has been constructed by EADS Astrium and Thales Alenia Space based on the Alphabus satellite bus .
The LNER Class Y10 was a class of two 0 - 4 - 0 T geared steam locomotives built by Sentinel Waggon Works for the London and North Eastern Railway and introduced in 1930 .
The Präsident was an automobile manufactured by Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau - Fabriks - Gesellschaft A.G. ( NW , now known as Tatra ) in 1897 .
The Mossberg 185 is a 20-gauge bolt action shotgun , produced between 1948 and 1964 by O.F. Mossberg & Sons in New Haven , Conn.
The BTR-4 `` Bucephalus '' ( BTR ; Ukrainian : Бронетранспортер / Bronetransporter , literally Armoured Transporter ) is a 8x8 wheeled armoured personnel carrier ( APC ) designed in Ukraine by the Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau ( SOE KMDB ) as a private venture .
The T - Mobile myTouch 4 G is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation for T - Mobile USA 's `` myTouch '' re - branded series of phones .
The AGM-84H / K SLAM - ER ( Standoff Land Attack Missile - Expanded Response ) is a precision - guided , air - launched cruise missile produced by Boeing Defense , Space & Security for the United States Armed Forces and their allies .
The Yamaha Zuma 125 is a scooter introduced by Yamaha Motor Company in September 2008 .
LMS diesel shunter 7057 was built by Harland & Wolff .
The Giffard dirigible or Giffard airship was an airship built in France in 1852 by Henri Giffard , the first powered and steerable ( French : dirigeable - `` directable '' ) airship to fly .
The Saiga semi - automatic rifles are a family of Russian semi - automatic rifles manufactured by Kalashnikov Concern ( formerly Izhmash ) , which also manufactures the original AK-47 and its variants , Saiga-12 shotguns and Dragunov sniper rifle .
The Mercedes - Benz T2 was a transporter manufactured by Daimler - Benz .
The Caterpillar 345C L is a large hydraulic excavator manufactured by Caterpillar Inc. The 345C L , with 345 hp ( 257 kW ) of net flywheel power , is classified as a large excavator by Caterpillar .
The Volkswagen Transporter , based on the Volkswagen Group 's T platform , now in its sixth generation , refers to a series of vans produced over 60 years and marketed worldwide .
Despite postponement of production owing to the 2003 merger between Santa Bárbara Sistemas and General Dynamics , and continued fabrication issues between 2006 and 2007 , 219 Leopard 2Es have been delivered to the Spanish army .
The TRS-80 MC-10 microcomputer is a lesser - known member of the TRS-80 line of home computers , produced by Tandy Corporation in the early 1980s and sold through their RadioShack chain of electronics stores .
Echo Ranger is a marine autonomous underwater vehicle ( AUV ) built by Boeing .
The Hudson Commodore is an automobile which was produced by the Hudson Motor Car Company of Detroit , Michigan between 1941 and 1952 .
The British Rail Class 60 is a class of Co - Co heavy freight diesel - electric locomotives built by Brush Traction .
The Tatra K5AR was an articulated tramcar built by ČKD Tatra .
Minotaur - C ( Minotaur Commercial ) , formerly known as Taurus , is a four stage , solid fuel launch vehicle built in the United States by Orbital Sciences Corporation ( now Orbital ATK ) .
The HTC Aria ( A6366 ; or Liberty , or Intruder ) is a smartphone manufactured by HTC Corporation that runs the Android operating system with HTC Sense .
The Canon PowerShot SX400 IS is a digital ultrazoom bridge announced by Canon Inc. on July 29 , 2014 .
The Hyundai Mighty ( hangul:현대 마이티 ) is a line of light - duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company .
The United States funded Zarya through the U.S. prime contracts in the 1990s as the first module for ISS . Built from December 1994 to January 1998 in Russia at the Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center ( KhSC ) in Moscow , its control system was developed by the Khartron Corp. ( Kharkiv , Ukraine ) .
The ZIL-2906 or ZIL-29061 is a screw - driven amphibious craft from the Russian ZiL vehicle manufacturer .
The Eurostar E3000 is a generic satellite model most commonly used for commercial and military communications satellites manufactured by Astrium .
The Yamaha Tricity is a tilting three - wheeled motor scooter made by Yamaha Motor Company .
The HK 4.6×30 mm cartridge is a type of ammunition used in the Heckler & Koch MP7 Personal Defense Weapon ( PDW ) and by the canceled HK UCP pistol .
Le Rustique is a brand of French cheese owned by the Compagnie des Fromages et RichesMonts ( CF&R ) .
The McRib is a barbecue - flavored pork product sandwich periodically sold by the international fast - food restaurant chain McDonald 's .
AT91CAP ( AT91CAP Customizable Atmel Microcontrollers ) is a family of Atmel microcontrollers based on the 32-bit RISC microprocessors from ARM .
USNS Wyman ( T - AGS-34 ) was an oceanographic survey vessel laid down on 18 July 1968 by the Defoe Shipbuilding Company of Bay City , Michigan .
The LG GW620 , also known as the LG Eve and the LG InTouch Max , is a smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics .
In July 2013 , General Motors recalled 114,000 Chevrolet Taveras in India , as the vehicle failed to meet local emission standards .
The Canon FP is a 35 mm SLR manufactured by Canon Inc. of Japan and introduced in October 1964 .
HMS L69 was laid down on 7 July 1917 by William Beardmore and Company at their Dalmuir shipyard and launched on 6 December 1918 .
TKB-059 ( ТКБ-059 ) was a Soviet three - barrel bullpup assault rifle , capable of fully automatic fire , chambered for the 7.62×39 mm round and manufactured by Tula Arms Plant in 1966 .
Sisu RA-140 DS `` Raisu '' is a flail - type demining vehicle developed and produced by the Finnish company Sisu - Auto and later produced by Patria Vehicles in 1994 - -2001 .
In 1985 , Iran acquired 90 to 100 Hwasong-5 missiles from North Korea in a deal worth US$ 500M.
The DKW Monza was a sports car built on an Auto Union DKW base .
HMS M29 and her sisters were ordered from Harland & Wolff , Belfast in March 1915 .
The Browning Buck Mark is a semi - automatic pistol , made by the Browning Arms Company and chambered for the .22 Long Rifle cartridge .
The GCR Class 8C was a class of a pair of 4 - 6 - 0 locomotives built for the Great Central Railway in 1903 - -1904 by Beyer , Peacock and Company .
The Sigma SD10 is a digital SLR camera produced by the Sigma Corporation of Japan .
The Daimler Majestic DF316/7 , DF318/9 luxury saloon was launched by the Daimler Company of Coventry in July 1958 and was in production until 1962 .
Bent Høie ( born 4 May 1971 ) is a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party who has been Minister of Health and Care Services since 16 October 2013 .
Chizuko Takahashi ( 高橋 千鶴子 Takahashi Chizuko ) is a Japanese politician and member of House of Representatives for the Japanese Communist Party .
Ingrid Fiskaa ( born 16 April 1977 ) is a Norwegian activist and politician for the Socialist Left Party .
Hikmet Çetin ( born 1937 in Lice , Diyarbakır Province ) is a Turkish politician former minister of foreign affairs and was leader of the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) for a short time .
Wolfgang Herrmann ( March 14 , 1904 -- April 1945 ) was a German librarian and member of the Nazi Party , whose blacklist provided the template for the Nazi book burnings in May 1933 .
Håkon Rege ( born 30 September 1955 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party , currently as mayor of Sola .
After the Romanian Communist Party came to power in Romania , Justin Georgescu , along other young Romanian anti - fascists fallen during World War II , was honoured as a `` Hero of the youth '' .
Giuliano Bignasca ( 10 April 1945 - -7 March 2013 ) was a Swiss politician , who was a co - founder of the Ticino League .
Sefiu Adegbenga Kaka ( born 14 May 1952 ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for Ogun East in the 9 April 2011 national elections , running on the Action Congress of Nigeria ( ACN ) ticket .
Drew Hansen is an American politician of the Democratic Party and author .
Harbans Kapoor ( born 7 January 1946 ) is an Indian politician who is a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) in Uttarakhand State .
Josep Maria Rañé has been an active member of the Socialists ' Party of Catalonia - Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSC - PSOE ) since 1984 .
John S. Watrous ( died 1897 ) was a politician from Minnesota Territory , a member of the Republican Party , and a former member of the Minnesota Territory House of Representatives , representing St. Louis County , Minnesota .
Joaquín Leguina Herrán ( born 5 May 1941 ) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party , former President of Madrid between 1983 and 1995 and Secretary - General of the Socialist Party of Madrid from 1979 to 1991 .
Antonio Bonfatti ( born December 1 , 1950 ) is an Argentine physician and Socialist Party politician .
Felix Roque is a Cuban - American medical doctor , U.S. Army Reserve colonel , and Democratic Party politician who is the current Mayor of West New York , New Jersey .
( Hugh ) Gerard Sweetman ( 10 June 1908 -- 28 January 1970 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and solicitor .
Eva Selin Lindgren ( 1936 -- 3 September 2011 ) was a Swedish Centre Party politician and a professor in nuclear physics .
Then followed by some momentous years S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike was biding his time after he had resigned from UNP and making plans for the future with his nascent Sri Lanka Freedom Party and offered a place to Maithripala Senanayake , who was then an Independent MP in Parliament .
Hugh Gibbons ( 6 July 1916 -- 13 November 2007 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who sat in Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for twelve years , from 1965 to 1977 .
Howard E. Penley was an organizer and official of the Socialist Party of America who was forcably inducted into the U.S. Armed Forces in the Second World War after claiming conscientious objector status for political and religious reasons .
Teresa Kok Suh Sim ( Chinese : 郭素沁 ; pinyin : Guō Sù Qìn ; born 31 March 1964 ) is a Malaysian Member of Parliament from the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Nadezhda Bondarenko ( Cyrillic : Наде́жда Бондаре́нко , born 19 October 1950 in Ivanovo , Russian SFSR ) is a politician in Transnistria and a candidate for President in the 2006 election for the Pridnestrovie Communist Party and the Communist Party of Pridnestrovie .
Gavrielle Holmes also known as Gavrielle Gemma was a third - party candidate ( Workers World Party ) for President of the United States in the U.S. presidential election , 1984 , receiving votes in Ohio ( 2,565 ) and Rhode Island .
Juan Pedro Bordaberry Herrán ( born April 28 , 1960 ) is a Uruguayan political figure from the Colorado Party .
Makashule Gana ( born 11 August 1983 ) is a South African politician , and the current Shadow Minister of Human Settlements for the Democratic Alliance .
Osmund Kaldheim ( born 20 January 1964 ) is a Norwegian businessman , civil servant and politician for the Conservative Party .
Zachariah Chandler ( December 10 , 1813 -- November 1 , 1879 ) was an American politician , one of the founders of the Republican Party , whose radical wing he dominated as a lifelong abolitionist .
Arne Kielland ( 8 September 1939 -- 6 July 2003 ) was a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party and later the Socialist Left Party ( SV ) .
Bhaurao Dagadurao Deshmukh ( born 29 December 1922 ) was a member of the 3rd and 4th Lok Sabha of India from the Aurangabad constituency of Maharashtra and a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party .
Nguyễn Thế Thảo has been chairman of the Hanoi People 's Committee since 2007 and is member of the Central Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam XI .
Becky Lourey ( born September 24 , 1943 ) is an American politician , a former Minnesota Democratic - Farmer - Labor Party ( DFL ) state senator and state representative , and a former Minnesota gubernatorial candidate .
Ingrid Lieten ( born 20 April 1964 , Hasselt ) is a Flemish politician and currently Minister for Innovation , Public Investment , Media and Poverty Reduction in the Flemish Government for the Socialist Party -- Different .
Louise Bodin ( 1877 -- 3 February 1929 ) was a French feminist and journalist who became a member of the steering committee of the French Communist Party .
Palas Barman ( b. 1 January 1929 , d. 10 June 2000 ) , an Indian politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party .
Elke Roex ( born 29 June 1974 ) is a Belgian , Flemish politician and member of the Flemish Parliament for the Socialist Party -- Different ( Dutch : Socialistische Partij -- Anders ) ( SP.A ) since 2004 and a member of the City Council of Anderlecht .
Nathaniel Eckersley ( 1815 -- 15 February 1892 ) was an English mill - owner , banker and Conservative Party politician from Standish Hall , near Wigan in Lancashire .
Erling Lae ( born 16 March 1947 ) is a Norwegian county governor and politician for the Conservative Party .
Carlos Armando Biebrich Torres ( born 19 November 1939 ) is a Mexican lawyer and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as Governor of Sonora from 1973 to 1975 , he also has served as Deputy of the XLVII and LX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Sonora .
Mohammad Asghar ( born 30 September 1945 ) , known as Oscar , is a Welsh politician , who has been a member of the Welsh Conservative Party , the Welsh Labour Party , and Plaid Cymru .
Liao Zhongkai ( April 23 , 1877 -- August 20 , 1925 ) was a Kuomintang leader and financier .
Liliane Maury Pasquier ( born 16 December 1956 ) is a Swiss politician , member of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland , elected to the Swiss Council of States for the canton of Geneva in 2007 , and is currently a member of a delegation that cooperates with the French parliament to foster cooperation between the countries .
Benoît Sauvageau ( November 22 , 1963 -- August 28 , 2006 ) was a Canadian politician , who served as a Bloc Québécois member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 until his death in 2006 .
Brahm Dutt Dwivedi ( died 1997 ) was an Indian cabinet minister in Government of Uttar Pradesh , and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Cyril Svoboda ( born November 25 , 1956 in Prague ) is a Czech politician , leader of the Christian and Democratic Union -- Czechoslovak People 's Party between 2001 - -2003 and 2009 - -2010 and a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic ( 1998 - -2010 ) .
Martin Kabwelulu Labilo was named Minister of Mines by President Joseph Kabila in the government headed by Antoine Gizenga in February 2007 one of four members of Gizenga 's Unified Lumumbist Party ( PALU ) to be named to the cabinet .
Throughout her scientific career , Véronique De Keyser maintained a strong political commitment in the Belgian Socialist Party .
Éamon Ó Cuív ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈeːmˠənˠ oː ˈkiːvʲ ) ; born 23 June 1950 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Najima Rhozali or Najima Thay Thay Rhozali ( Arabic : نجيمة الغوزالي‎ ; born 1960 , Oujda ) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party .
Cesare Salvi ( born 9 June 1948 ) is a senior Italian politician and senator with the Democrats of the Left ( DS ) who served as minister of labor and social security .
James R. Hurley ( born January 29 , 1932 , Seaford , Delaware ) is an American Republican Party politician from Millville in Cumberland County , New Jersey .
Per Steinar Osmundnes ( born 20 August 1980 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Ignazio Messina ( born 24 July 1964 ) is an Italian lawyer and politician and leader of Italy of Values .
Dominic Hannigan ( born July 1965 ) is an Irish Labour Party politician and a member of Dáil Éireann .
Thomas P. Foy ( March 13 , 1951 -- September 1 , 2004 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature representing the 7th Legislative District , which covers portions of Burlington County and Camden County .
Hans Kristian Hogsnes ( 17 October 1954 -- 30 December 2010 ) was a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Reginald Purbrick ( 1877 -- 6 November 1950 ) was a Conservative Party politician elected as Member of Parliament for Liverpool Walton between 1929 and 1945 , notable for asking then Prime Minister Winston Churchill , whether the Royal Air Force would consider bombing Dresden and other East German cities .
John Lee Carroll ( September 30 , 1830 -- February 27 , 1911 ) , a member of the United States Democratic Party , was the 37th Governor of Maryland from 1876 to 1880 .
Nihat Zeybekci ( born 1 January 1961 ) is a Turkish economist , politician , a member of parliament for Denizli Province of the ruling Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) and former Minister of the Economy .
Javier Duarte de Ochoa ( born 19 September 1973 ) is a Mexican affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who currently serves as Governor of Veracruz .
Frank M. Ziebach attended the Democratic Party Territorial Convention in 1874 , and in 1882 , serving each time on the influential `` Committee on Resolutions '' .
Jon Havelock was elected as the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta member for Calgary Shaw in the 1993 Alberta general election after the former member of the riding Jim Dinning , switched ridings to Calgary Fish Creek .
Latif Khosa was elected as the General Secretary of Pakistan Peoples Party on 23 March 2013 .
Eusebia del Rosario Ortiz Yeladaqui is a Mexican politician from Quintana Roo , affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , who currently serves in the cabinet of Governor Félix González Canto .
Yıldırım Akbulut ( Turkish pronunciation : ( jɯɫdɯˈɾɯm akbuˈɫut ) ; born 15 November 1935 in Erzincan ) is a Turkish politician , who was a leader of the Anavatan Partisi ( Motherland Party ) , a former Prime Minister of Turkey and twice the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey .
Pierre - Hugues Boisvenu ( born February 12 , 1949 ) is a Canadian politician and victim 's rights activist , who was appointed to the Senate of Canada on January 29 , 2010 on the advice of Prime Minister Stephen Harper , representing the province of Quebec under the banner of the Conservative Party of Canada .
Sheila Kaul ( 7 February 1915 -- 13 June 2015 ) was a social democratic leader of the Indian National Congress , a stateswoman , cabinet minister and governor , and the oldest living former member of parliament in India at the time of her death .
Mohammed Badie ( Arabic : محمد بديع‎ Muḥammad Badīʿ , IPA : ( mæˈħæmmæd bæˈdiːʕ ) ; born 7 August 1943 ) is the Supreme Guide of the Muslim Brotherhood .
Andris Vilks ( born 15 June 1963 ) is a Latvian politician , member of the Unity party and Minister of Finance of Latvia from 2010 until 2014 .
Sir Henry Peyton , 3rd Baronet ( 30 June 1804 -- 18 February 1866 ) , was an English Conservative Party politician .
Dr. Dion George MP is a South African economist and politician , the Shadow Minister of Finance , and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) .
Albadé Abouba is a Nigerien politician who has been the Secretary - General of the National Movement for the Development of Society ( MNSD - Nassara ) since 2009 .
Robert Smillie ( 17 March 1857 -- 16 February 1940 ) was a trade unionist and Labour Party politician in Great Britain , especially Scotland .
Mahinder Yadav , also spelled as Mahendra Yadav , is an Indian politician from the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) .
Salamon Mørkved ( 27 September 1891 -- 30 June 1978 ) was a Norwegian forester and politician for the Liberal Party .
Gbemisola Ruqayyah Saraki is a Nigerian senator who was elected to represent the People 's Democratic Party in the Central Senatorial District of Kwara State in April 2003 .
Heinrich Schmelz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhaɪnʁɪç ˈʃmɛlt͡s ) ; 24 February 1930 in Vienna ) is a former Austrian politician ( Austrian People 's Party ) and federal civil servant .
Hywel Williams ( born 14 May 1953 ) is a Welsh politician and Plaid Cymru Member of Parliament for Arfon .
Jose Thettayil ( born 17 August 1950 ) is an Indian politician , trade unionist , advocate , and a member of Janata Dal ( Secular ) .
Sanjaagiin Bayar ( Mongolian : Санжаагийн Баяр ) ( born March 4 , 1956 ) is a Mongolian politician who was General Secretary of the Mongolian People 's Party from 22 November 2007 to 8 April 2009 , and Prime Minister of Mongolia from 22 November 2007 to 29 October 2009 .
Marian Shinn is a South African politician , a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , and the Shadow Minister of Telecommunications and Postal Services .
Robert Thomas Jones ( 14 October 1874 - 15 Dec 1940 ) was a Welsh quarryman , trade unionist and Labour Party politician .
Dr. Ágnes Molnár ( born May 12 , 1956 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz Győr - Moson - Sopron County Regional List from 2006 to 2014 , and her party 's national list since 2014 .
Christopher Paul Farrelly ( born 2 March 1962 ) is a British Labour Party politician and journalist , who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Newcastle - under - Lyme since 2001 .
Leslie Sanchez ( born 1971 ) is an American author , political pundit affiliated with the Republican Party , and founder / CEO of Impacto Group LLC , a Washington , D.C .- based market research and consulting firm .
Michael Gallanagh ( 1919 -- 1 December 2001 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and Army captain .
Dean Alfange ( December 2 , 1897 -- October 24 , 1989 ) was an American politician who held nominations and appointments from a number of parties , including the Democratic Party , the Republican Party , the American Labor Party , and the Liberal Party of New York , of which he was a founding member .
Patrick J. Diegnan , Jr. ( born March 19 , 1949 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who currently represents the 18th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly having done so since 2002 .
Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal ( born 19 April 1957 ) is a Mexican economist and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who is the incumbent Secretary of Economy of Mexico .
Sorie Ibrahim Koroma ( March 18 , 1930 -- April 30 , 1994 ) commonly known as S.I. Koroma is a former Sierra Leonean politician , labor activist , and one of the founding members of the All People 's Congress political party .
David Figueroa Ortega ( born 6 July 1970 ) is a Mexican diplomatic and politician from the National Action Party .
Peter Paul Pillai was an Indian schoolmaster , landlord , politician and social reformer who represented Tirunelveli at the first session of the Indian National Congress .
C. Jayan Babu is a politician from Kerala , India , belonging to the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Arne Haukvik ( 12 February 1926 -- 21 August 2002 ) was a Norwegian sports official for IL i BUL and politician for the Centre Party and the Pensioners Party .
Timo Laaninen is the party secretary of the Centre Party in Finland since 12 June 2010 .
Jerry Pye is a Canadian politician and member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly , representing the riding of Dartmouth North for the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party .
Sacca Lafia ( born October 21 , 1944 ) is a Beninese politician , the President of the Union for Democracy and National Solidarity ( UDS ) , and a former First Vice - President of the National Assembly of Benin .
Prem Prakash Pandey is a Bharatiya Janata Party Member of the Legislative Assembly from Bhilai Nagar in Chhattisgarh .
Kristin Clemet ( born 20 April 1957 in Harstad ) is a Norwegian politician for Høyre , Norway 's Conservative Party .
Michael Aggelidis was for many years a member of the SPD and the PDS , as well as a founding member of the Labour and Social Justice -- The Electoral Alternative ( WASG ) .
Gilles Ouimet is a former Canadian politician , who was a Quebec Liberal Party member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Fabre .
Chris Harman ( 8 November 1942 -- 7 November 2009 ) was a British journalist and political activist , and a member of the Central Committee of the Socialist Workers Party .
Colonel Sir Tatton Benvenuto Mark Sykes , 6th Baronet ( 16 March 1879 -- 16 February 1919 ) was an English traveller , Conservative Party politician and diplomatic adviser , particularly with regard to the Middle East at the time of the First World War .
Alan Schlesinger ( born January 4 , 1958 ) is an American attorney , entrepreneur , politician and member of the Republican Party from the State of Florida .
Jesús Ortega Martínez ( born November 5 , 1952 in Aguascalientes ) is a Mexican Centre - left politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) who has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress .
After a career in the social economy , Sylvie Guillaume joined the Socialist Party ( PS ) in 1988 in the Rhône .
Don Ryan was a Democratic Party member of the Montana Senate , representing District 10 since 2000 .
Eknath Gaikwad ( Marathi : एकनाथ गायकवाड ) ( born 1 January 1940 ) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party .
Lefter Maliqi has been a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania for the period 2009 - 2013 .
Vasile Bahnaru was a founder of the Popular Front of Moldova .
Dr. George G. Graham ( born September 23 , 1931 ) is a former Chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party .
Ignacio Gil Lázaro ( born 23 September 1957 , in Valencia , Spain ) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People 's Party ( PP ) .
Robert Peter Laurie , CB , VD , ( 24 October 1835 -- 29 July 1905 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
On 24 October 2009 the delegates of all - Ukrainian union `` Batkivshchyna '' formally and unanimously endorsed Yulia Tymoshenko as their candidate for the next Presidential election .
Arturo Zamora Jiménez ( born March 30 , 1956 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Carlos Coelho ( born May 20 , 1960 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party--
Karne Prabhakar is an Indian politician and politburo member of Telangana Rashtra Samithi .
Eduardo Jesus Lopez - Reyes ( Ed Lopez - Reyes , Eduardo Lopez , Ed Lopez ) , of Greenwich , Connecticut , is an American Republican Party activist and former National Vice Chairman of the Republican Liberty Caucus .
François Legault ( pronounced : ( fʁɑ̃swa ləɡo ) ; born May 26 , 1957 ) is a politician in Quebec , Canada and leader of the Coalition Avenir Québec party since its foundation in 2011 .
Rafael Leonardo Callejas Romero ( born November 14 , 1943 ) was the President of Honduras from 27 January 1990 to 27 January 1994 , representing the National Party of Honduras ( PNH ) .
Tai Chi - tao ( Chinese : 戴季陶 ; pinyin : Dài Jìtáo ; January 6 , 1891 -- February 21 , 1949 ) was a Chinese journalist , an early Kuomintang member , and the first head of the Examination Yuan of the Republic of China .
Per Aasness ( 26 July 1875 -- 1959 ) was a Norwegian military officer and politician for the Liberal Party .
Philippe Muyters ( born 6 December 1961 ) is a Flemish politician and is a member of the New Flemish Alliance ( N - VA ) .
Ernst van der Beugel ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɛrnst vɐn dɛr ˈbøːɣəl ) ) ( 2 February 1918 , Amsterdam -- 29 September 2004 , The Hague ) was a Dutch economist , businessman , diplomat , and politician of the Labour Party .
Joan Lerma i Blasco ( Valencia , Spain , 15 July 1951 ) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) , who served as the first democratically elected President of the Valencian Community since the restoration of democracy in the 1970s .
William Gilbert Weir ( July 1 , 1896 -- December 12 , 1971 ) was a Canadian politician and was the longest serving Liberal - Progressive Member of Parliament in Canadian history sitting in the Canadian House of Commons for 27 years .
Air Commodore John Allan Cecil Cecil - Wright AFC ( 28 August 1886 -- 14 July 1982 ) , born John Allan Cecil Wright , was a British Royal Air Force officer and Conservative Party politician .
Andrew Pakes ( born 24 April 1973 as Andrew Stone ) is a British Labour Party politician , and a former President of the National Union of Students ( NUS ) .
Jan - Henrik Fredriksen ( born 2 October 1956 in Kragerø , Telemark ) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party ( FRP ) .
Gwede Mantashe ( born 21 June 1955 , Cala ) is a South African politician , who currently serves as the Secretary General of the African National Congress .
Thomas Dunn English ( June 29 , 1819 -- April 1 , 1902 ) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey who represented the state 's 6th congressional district in the House of Representatives from 1891 to 1895 .
Deirdre Clune ( née Barry ; born 1 June 1959 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for the South constituency since May 2014 .
Betty Chew Gek Cheng ( Chinese : 周玉清 ; pinyin : Zhōu Yùqīng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Chiu Ge̍k - chheng ; born 15 August 1964 ) is a Malaysian Chinese politician from the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Misha'an al - Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the Sunni Arab community , and member of Al - Arabiya Coalition He also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc , which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005 - 2010 .
Cory Mason is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , representing the 62nd Assembly District since his election in 2006 .
Carl Vincent Krogmann ( 3 March 1889 in Hamburg -- 14 March 1978 in Hamburg ) was a German banker , industrialist and Nazi Party politician .
In 1954 Brunolf Baade relocated back to East Germany and joined the country 's ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands ) .
Hannah Yeoh Tseow Suan ( simplified Chinese : 杨巧双 ; traditional Chinese : 楊巧雙 ; pinyin : Yáng Qiǎo Shuāng ; born 9 January 1979 ) is the current Speaker and a member of the Selangor State Assembly from the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Christopher Laurie Malthouse ( born 27 October 1966 ) , known as Kit Malthouse , is an English Conservative Party politician , businessman and occasional writer .
Rathika Sitsabaiesan ( Tamil : இராதிகா சிற்சபை ஈசன் ; born December 23 , 1981 ) is a Canadian community activist , politician and former New Democratic Party Member of Parliament .
Ľubomír Galko ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈʎubomiːr ˈɡalko ) ; born February 14 , 1968 , Klieština , Považská Bystrica ) is a former minister of defense of Slovakia ; he is member of the party Freedom and Solidarity ( Sloboda a Solidarita , SaS ) and its vice - chairman for regions .
Erdeniin Bat - Üül ( Mongolian : Эрдэнийн Бат-Үүл , born 1 July 1957 ) is a prominent Mongolian politician from the Democratic Party and the Mayor of Ulaanbaatar City and the Governor of the Capital City .
Giorgos Koumoutsakos ( born 17 September 1961 , Athens ) is a Greek politician with the conservative New Democracy party , and a member of the European parliament .
Samuel George Smith ( 5 June 1822 -- 6 July 1900 ) was an English banker and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1859 to 1880 .
George Yule ( 1829 in Stonehaven -- 1892 ) was a Scottish merchant in England and India who served as the fourth President of the Indian National Congress in 1888 at Allahabad , the first non - Indian to hold that office .
Barry Pullen has been a member of the Australian Labor Party since 1968 , and a member of the Socialist Left faction .
Dato ' Haji Wan Abdul Rahim Wan Abdullah ( born 24 February 1952 ) known popularly as Cikgu Rahim , is a Pan - Malaysian Islamic Party ( PAS ) politician .
Suresh Chandra Deb ( born May 1894 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress .
Philip Hugh Dalbiac , CB ( 1855 -- 28 April 1927 ) was a British army officer , publisher , author and Conservative Party politician .
John Heppell ( born 3 November 1948 ) is a former British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Nottingham East from 1992 until he stepped down at the 2010 general election .
Mahipal Maderna is an Indian politician from Rajasthan past member of Indian National Congress .
Nalakath Soopy ( born 15 August 1946 ) is a prominent leader of Indian Union Muslim League ( IUML ) and former Minister of Kerala .
Laura Itzel Castillo Juárez ( born 16 November 1957 ) is a Mexican architect and politician from the Labor Party .
Khaled Mashal ( Arabic : خالد مشعل‎ Khālid Mashʿal , Levantine Arabic : ( xaːled meʃʕal ) , born 28 May 1956 ) is a Palestinian political leader and the leader of the Islamic Palestinian organization Hamas since the Israeli assassination of Abdel Aziz al - Rantisi in 2004 .
Maria Leissner ( born 21 January 1956 , Gothenburg ) is a Swedish politician and former party leader of the Swedish Liberal People 's Party ( 1995 - -97 ) .
Robert William Elliott , Baron Elliott of Morpeth ( 11 December 1920 -- 20 May 2011 ) , known as William Elliott , was a British Conservative Party politician .
Stephanie Cholensky is an American democratic socialist politician , feminist , and co - chair of the Socialist Party USA .
Ellis William Davies ( 12 April 1871 -- 29 April 1939 ) was a Welsh Liberal Party and later , briefly , Labour Party and Liberal National politician and lawyer .
Born in Fuyu , Jilin in 1927 , Bi Hao joined the Northeast People 's Autonomous Army in 1945 , and two years later he joined the Communist Party of China .
Phil Prendergast ( née Foley ; born 20 September 1959 ) is an Irish former Labour Party politician .
Josef Bucher ( born 19 August 1965 in Friesach ) is an Austrian politician and former leader of the Alliance for the Future of Austria ( BZÖ ) as well as former Member of Parliament for the party .
Leszek Samborski ( born 19 May 1955 in Dębica ) - is a Polish politician , formerly a member of Real Politics Union and now Civic Platform and Sejm deputy ( June 2004 - 2005 ) .
Mons Espelid ( 22 April 1926 -- 16 March 2009 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and dentist .
Wu Yuliang ( Chinese : 吴玉良 ; born April 1952 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2011 as Deputy Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection ( CCDI ) , the leading anti - graft body of the Communist Party of China .
Rosemarie Myrdal ( born May 20 , 1929 in Minot , North Dakota ) is a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the second female , and 35th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1993 to 2001 under Governor of North Dakota Ed Schafer in 1992 .
Alok Sharma ( born 7 September 1967 ) is an Indian - born British politician with the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom .
Marc MacSharry ( born 12 July 1973 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and a member of Seanad Éireann since September 2002 .
At the 6th United Russia party convention held on December 2 , 2006 , Sergey Chemezov was elected to the party 's Supreme Council .
Hendrick Schmidt is a South African politician , a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance , and the Shadow Deputy Minister of Mining .
Tamilisai Soundararajan is a member of Bharatiya Janata Party in India .
Thomas Macpherson , 1st Baron Macpherson of Drumochter ( 9 July 1888 -- 11 June 1965 ) , was a Scottish businessman , and Labour Party politician .
Gaston Gibéryen ( born 29 June 1950 , in Born ) is a Luxembourgish politician for the Alternative Democratic Reform Party ( ADR ) and trade unionist .
Anis Birou ( Arabic : أنيس بيرو‎ -- born 10 January 1962 , Berkane ) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents .
Sabitri Mitra is an Indian politician , belonging to the All India Trinamool Congress , and the present Minister without portfolio .
Manuel Cepeda Vargas ( 13 April 1930 -- 9 August 1994 ) was a lawyer and Senator of Colombia , gunned down in Bogotá on 9 August 1994 as part of a bloody repression of the Patriotic Union .
Colonel Theophilus John Levett ( 11 December 1829 -- 27 February 1899 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom , who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Lichfield from 1880 to 1885 .
Erland Asdahl ( 6 April 1921 , Nes -- 19 July 1988 ) was a Norwegian and politician for the Centre Party .
Govindrao Adik , was a close associate of Sharad Pawar before Pawar split from the Indian National Congress ( INC ) to form his independent base , Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP ) .
Sir Albert Lambert Ward , 1st Baronet , CVO , DSO , TD ( 7 November 1875 -- 21 October 1956 ) was a volunteer soldier in the Territorial Army and a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Drastamat Kanayan ( Armenian : Դրաստամատ Կանայեան ; 31 May 1884 -- 8 March 1956 ) , better known as Dro ( Դրօ ) , was an Armenian military commander and politician , a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation .
Shankarrao Gadakh ( आमदार शंकरराव गडाख ) popularly known as `` Aamdar Saheb '' ( born May 29 , 1970 in the village of Sonai , Maharashtra , India ) is an elected member of the Nationalist Congress Party - NCP in the Maharashtra State Assembly .
Otto Telschow ( 27 February 1876 , Wittenberge , Brandenburg - 31 May 1945 ) , a German Nazi Party official , was born in Wittenberge and became a police official in Hamburg .
Arthur Henderson , Baron Rowley , PC ( 27 August 1893 -- 28 August 1968 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Harry Gosling CH ( 9 June 1861 -- 24 October 1930 ) was a British Labour Party politician and trade union leader .
Faisal Raza Abidi ( Urdu : فیصل رضاعابدی ‎ ) is a Pakistani political figure and a former senator representing the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) for Sindh Province , from March 2009 to January 2013 .
Don Davies MP ( born January 16 , 1963 ) is a Canadian Member of Parliament for the New Democratic Party , representing the riding of Vancouver Kingsway since his election in the 2008 federal election .
Anita Singh Gurjar is an Indian politician and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Karl von Wogau is a member of the German conservative party Christian Democratic Union and the European People 's Party .
Karl Holluba ( born August 27 , 1944 ) is a German political figure and the treasurer of the The Left Party .
Jitendra Prasada ( 12 November 1938 & ndajitehdrash ; 16 January 2001 ) was an Indian politician and a former Vice - President of the Indian National Congress .
Wilhelm Dreher ( 10 January 1892 in Ay an der Iller , Neu - Ulm district -- 19 November 1969 in Senden ) was a German politician with the Nazi Party .
Anxo Manuel Quintana González , commonly known as Anxo Quintana , is the former leader of the Galician Nationalist Bloc ( Bloque Nacionalista Galego , BNG ) , the main nationalist party in Galicia .
Pastor Humberto Lay Sun ( born 25 September 1934 in Lima ) is a Peruvian evangelical minister of the Iglesia Biblica Emmanuel , an architect , and a politician ( National Restoration Party ) .
John Runk ( July 3 , 1791 -- September 22 , 1872 ) was an American Whig Party politician , who represented New Jersey 's 3rd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1845 - 1847 .
Through Pearl Carter Pace 's activism in the Republican Party , she became a tireless supporter and friend of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Eva Flyborg ( born 1963 ) is a Swedish Liberal People 's Party politician , and has been a member of the Parliament of Sweden since 1994 .
Josef Zisyadis ( born 17 April 1956 ) is a Swiss politician , a member of the Swiss Party of Labour , and of the Alternative Left ( since 2010 ) .
Austin H. Patterson was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey , who served on the Howell Township Committee , the Monmouth County , New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders and the New Jersey State Assembly .
Helge Ole Bergesen ( 29 September 1949 -- 29 June 2015 ) was a Norwegian political scientist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Huang Chao - shun ( Chinese : 黃昭順 ; pinyin : Huáng Zhāoshùn ; Wade -- Giles : Huang Chao - shun ) is a member of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan .
Ahmet Kurtcebe Alptemoçin ( born 27 January 1940 in Bursa ) is a Turkish mechanical engineer , industrialist and politician belonging to the Motherland Party .
Egil Werner Erichsen ( 4 October 1901 -- 3 March 2000 ) was a Norwegian corporate director and politician for the Conservative Party .
Kashiram Rana ( 7 April 1938 -- 31 August 2012 ) was an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) of India .
Andreas Salcher ( born 18 December 1960 in Vienna ) is a former Austrian politician of the Austrian People 's Party ( ÖVP ) , co - founder of the Sir Karl Popper School , consultant and author .
Mohamed Larbi ( born 9 February 1987 ) , is a Tunisian professional footballer playing for Gazélec Ajaccio in France as a midfielder .
Steve Kindel ( born February 25 , 1977 in Burnaby , British Columbia ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Surrey United Firefighters .
On the basis of his strong performance in Australia in 2008 , Ishant Sharma was bought for a winning bid of $ 950,000 by Kolkata Knight Riders in the player auction for the Indian Premier League .
Ian Prendergast ( born 2 September 1980 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played senior professional football with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League , and currently serves as the Chief Executive of the Rugby League Professionals Association .
Norbert Tóth ( born 11 August 1976 ) is a Hungarian football player who is currently playing for TJ OFC Gabčíkovo .
Conor Elliott ( born October 10 , 1988 in London , Ontario ) was a Canadian football long snapper and linebacker for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Manuel Parera Penella ( 7 October 1907 - 12 April 1975 ) was a Spanish footballer who played for FC Barcelona during the 1920s and 1930s .
Yoon Ki - won ( 20 May 1987 -- 6 May 2011 ) was a South Korean football Goalkeeper , who played for Incheon United FC in the K - League .
Gilles Fabien ( born September 27 , 1978 in Cayenne ) is a French Guianan footballer , who is currently playing for Angoulême CFC in Division Honneur ( 6th division ) .
' Antonius Wilhelmus Verlegh ( 29 March 1896 -- 12 March 1960 ) , known as Antoon Verlegh and Rat Verlegh was a Dutch football player and administrator who is best known for his association with NAC Breda , whose Rat Verlegh Stadion is named in his honour .
Viking Stjärnfeldt was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder for Malmö FF from 1931 to 1936 .
Niko Snellman ( born March 12 , 1988 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Jokipojat in the Finnish Mestis .
Hannu Patronen ( born 23 May 1984 in Järvenpää ) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a central defender for Norwegian side Sogndal Fotball .
Jerome Flaake ( born March 2 , 1990 in Guben ) is a German professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( German Ice Hockey League ) .
Ryan Ready ( born November 7 , 1978 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Philadelphia Flyers .
Maksym Zaderaka ( Ukrainian : Максим Сергійович Задерака ; born 7 September 1994 in Oleksandriia , Kirovohrad Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who last plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Nicholas Gotfredsen ( born 5 February 1989 ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a Defender for FC Fredericia , on loan from Viborg FF .
Chris van der Weerden ( born 15 - 11 - 1972 ) is a Dutch football assistant manager and former player , currently working for PSV Eindhoven .
John Veldman started his professional career for PSV Eindhoven , and then moved on to Willem II , Sparta Rotterdam , AFC Ajax , Vitesse and RBC Roosendaal .
Robby Sandrock ( born March 10 , 1978 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Belfast Giants in the Elite Ice Hockey League .
Alexis Saddler ( born 5 January 1980 in Saint Kitts and Nevis ) is an Kittian international footballer playing as a forward for Newtown United FC .
Szymon Skrzypczak is a Polish footballer who plays as a centre forward for Górnik Zabrze .
After Tenerife 's 1999 relegation Juanele joined Real Zaragoza , helping the Aragonese to two Copa del Rey trophies in the early 2000s , even though he was already a fringe player in the second conquest .
Jorge González Prado ( born 23 May 1995 ) is a Colombian footballer who plays for S.C. Olhanense as a Striker .
Christoffer Norgren ( born July 2 , 1974 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player who last played in the Örebro HK team in Swedish Hockey League .
Edin Ademović ( born October 2 , 1987 in Belgrade , Serbia ) is a Serbian footballer who last played for FK Vardar .
Albert Bittlmayer ( 8 November 1952 -- 2 June 1977 ) was a German footballer who made a combined total of 142 league appearances for 1 . FC Nürnberg and Tennis Borussia Berlin until he died of cancer at the age of 24 .
Troy Mellanson ( born 22 December 1981 ) is an Antiguan and Barbudan footballer , who currently plays for Kalamazoo Outrage in the USL Premier Development League .
Park Sun - ju ( Hangul : 박선주 ; born 26 March 1993 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as full back for Pohang Steelers in K League Classic .
Andres Ambühl ( born 14 September 1983 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward currently playing as Captain of HC Davos of the Swiss National League A ( NLA ) .
Marc Dos Santos ( born May 30 , 1977 ) is a Canadian soccer manager who is currently the manager of Swope Park Rangers of the United Soccer League , an affiliate of Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer .
Norm Rauhaus ( born 1936 ) is an award winning and Grey Cup champion safety and flanker who played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1956 to 1967 .
Merv Collins ( born c. 1934 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts , Hamilton Tiger - Cats , Ottawa Rough Riders and Edmonton Eskimos .
Wilson Heredia ( born March 30 , 1972 in La Romana , La Romana , Dominican Republic ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played two seasons with the Texas Rangers .
Timo Letschert ( born 25 May 1993 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Joe Craig McMurtry ( born November 5 , 1959 in Troy , Texas ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves ( 1983 - -86 ) , Texas Rangers ( 1988 - -90 ) and Houston Astros ( 1995 ) .
Marc Herbert ( born 7 January 1987 ) is a Rugby League player who is now unattached after being released by the Bradford Bulls at the end of the 2011 season .
Tyson Farago ( born May 1 , 1991 ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for FC Edmonton , as a goalkeeper .
Sigurd Wathne ( 12 February 1898 -- 26 March 1942 ) was a Norwegian football goalkeeper , playing for the club SK Brann .
Hasim Đoković ( Cyrillic : Хасим Ђоковић , born 20 May 1974 ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Dečić in Montenegrin First League .
Brad Tapper ( born April 28 , 1978 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Atlanta Thrashers over parts of three seasons .
Wojciech Kaczmarek ( born March 29 , 1983 in Gostyń ) is a Polish football goalkeeper who plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała .
Alceu previously played for Palmeiras and Náutico in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and had twice spend his career at Japanese side Kashiwa Reysol .
Juuso Antonen is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays for Lempäälän Kisa of the Mestis .
Ojokojo Torunarigha ( born 12 March 1970 ) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a Forward for German club Chemnitzer FC between 1991 and 1995 .
Justin Azevedo ( born April 1 , 1988 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player of Portuguese descent who plays for Ak Bars Kazan of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Patrick Wleh , also known as Patrick Ronaldinho , ( born 17 July 1991 ) is a Liberian international footballer who currently plays as a striker for Selangor FA in the Malaysia Premier League .
Mohammad Hadi Mahdavikia is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Homa F.C. in the Azadegan League .
George Karamatic , Jr. ( February 22 , 1917 -- December 5 , 2008 ) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins .
Eddie Falloon ( 20 December 1903 -- 4 July 1963 ) was an Irish professional football defender who played for Crusaders , Aberdeen , Clyde and Larne .
Jonathan Collins ( born 14 March 1961 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented the North Melbourne Football Club and the St Kilda Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Cara Walls ( born June 16 , 1993 ) is an American professional soccer player , from Wauwatosa , Wisconsin , who currently plays forward for Chicago Red Stars .
Darjan Matović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дарјан Матовић ; born 12 October 1988 ) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper who plays for FK Proleter Teslić .
Ruslan Mamutov ( Ukrainian : Руслан Алімович Мамутов ; born 19 August 1993 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who last played for FC Metalurh Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Alen Maras ( born 27 February 1982 in Bjelovar ) is a Croatian football player , currently playing as defender for Druga HNL side NK Inter Zaprešić .
George Iloka ( born March 31 , 1990 ) is an American football safety for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Diogo Firmino da Silva Fernandes ( born 14 November 1996 in Funchal , Madeira ) , known as Firmino , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. União as a forward .
Balázs Borbély ( born 2 October 1979 ) is a Slovakia international football midfielder who currently plays for TJ Družstevník Vrakúň .
Matt Wray is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , Featherstone Rovers , and Hunslet Hawks , as a Wing .
Jakub Rondzik ( born 22 November 1986 ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper , who currently plays for 1 . FK Příbram .
Yasmani Grandal ( born November 8 , 1988 ) is a Cuban - American professional baseball catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball .
Kwame Sarkodie ( born April 27 , 1985 ) is an American professional soccer player , who currently plays for Cincinnati Kings Indoor Team .
Vyacheslav Lukhtanov ( Ukrainian : В'ячеслав Геннадійович Лухтанов ; born 12 February 1995 in Lutuhyne , Luhansk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Carl Roaches ( born October 2 , 1953 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American football wide receiver and kick returner in the NFL who played for the Houston Oilers ( 1980 - -1984 ) and New Orleans Saints ( 1985 ) .
Tyler Lyons split the 2012 season between the Cardinals Double - A affiliate Springfield Cardinals of the Texas League and Triple - A Memphis Redbirds of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) .
Rikkert Faneyte ( born May 31 , 1969 in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) was a Major League Baseball player from 1993 to 1996 for the San Francisco Giants and Texas Rangers .
Dennis Diekmeier ( born 20 October 1989 ) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga .
Jewerl Thomas is a former professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the Los Angeles Rams , Kansas City Chiefs , and San Diego Chargers .
Stojan Vranješ ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стојан Врањеш ; born 11 October 1986 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Polish club Legia Warsaw and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Péter Kincses ( born 23 May 1980 ) is a Hungarian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Vasas SC .
Filip Arsenijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Филип Арсенијевић , born 2 September 1983 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Leif Pettersen ( December 23 , 1950 -- July 30 , 2008 ) was a receiver who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and the Hamilton Tiger - Cats .
Dalibor Řezníček ( born August 25 , 1991 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing in the Czech Extraliga for the PSG Zlín .
Hasan Hazime ( born December 23 , 1987 in Pickering , Ontario ) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Milton Darrell Osteen ( born February 14 , 1943 ) is an American former professional baseball player for the Cincinnati Reds and the Oakland Athletics from 1965 to 1970 .
Ray Seals went from playing for the minor - league Syracuse Express of the Empire Football League to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1989 .
Dmytro Lytvyn ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Андрійович Литвин ; born 21 November 1996 in Ukraine ) is an Ukrainian football defender who plays for C.D. Aves in the Segunda Liga .
Jorge Delgado Fidalgo , commonly known as Ito ( born 21 April 1992 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Barakaldo CF as a striker .
David Bergeron ( born December 4 , 1981 ) is an NFL linebacker who played with the Carolina Panthers .
Kenneth Jaliens ( born 4 October 1957 in Paramaribo ) is the current technical director of the Suriname national football team .
Jack Hirst was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Featherstone Rovers .
Nils Butzen ( born 2 April 1993 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for 1 . FC Magdeburg in the German 3 .
José Pedro Marques de Freitas ( born 10 December 1981 in Porto ) , commonly known as Zé Pedro , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for U.D. Oliveirense as a midfielder .
Martin Steuble ( born 9 June 1988 ) is a Filipino professional footballer who currently plays for United Football League club Ceres F.C. and the Philippines national football team .
Chris Noakes ( born 21 July 1985 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby union player who represents London Irish in the Aviva Premiership .
Imanol Agirretxe Arruti ( born 24 February 1987 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a striker .
Kristoffer Tokstad ( born 21 June 1990 ) is a Norwegian football midfielder , who currently plays for Sarpsborg 08 FF in Norway .
Adilson dos Santos , shortly Adi or Adilson ( born 12 May 1976 in Aracaju ) is a former Brazilian footballer , who last played as a left - back for South Korean K League side FC Seoul .
Saša Varga ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Варга ; born 19 February 1993 in Liège ) is a Serbian football striker who plays for FC Jumilla .
Luke Livingston ( born 4 November 1982 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played top - level football for the AFL 's Carlton Football Club .
Bruce Scholtz ( born September 26 , 1958 in La Grange , Texas ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Seattle Seahawks and one season for the New England Patriots .
Luc Bélanger ( born April 4 , 1975 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with the Thetford Mines Isothermic in the Ligue Nord - Américaine de Hockey .
Igor Łasicki ( born 26 June 1995 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Maceratese , on loan from Serie A club Napoli .
Marco Bürki ( born 10 July 1993 ) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays for FC Thun on loan from BSC Young Boys in the Swiss Super League . He made his debut during the 2011/12 season .
Jiří Lindr ( born 7 August 1986 ) is a Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for team FC Hradec Králové .
Born in Terrassa , Barcelona , Catalonia , Xavi is a product of FC Barcelona 's La Masia youth system , which he joined at the age of 11 .
Born in Rio de Janeiro , Canário played for America Football Club ( RJ ) in his country .
Abdulkader Mjarmesh ( Arabic : عبد القادر مجرمش‎ ; born 25 June 1988 ) is a Syrian footballer who plays for Salalah SC in Oman First Division League .
Dave Bulthuis ( born 28 June 1990 in Purmerend ) is a Dutch football player who plays as a left back for 1 . FC Nürnberg in the 2 .
A youth product of América - MG , Jajá Coelho arrived in Europe to sign for Dutch club Feyenoord in November 2004 , but signed a loan deal with Westerlo immediately after his arrival to Rotterdam .
Víctor Cordero Flores ( born November 9 , 1973 ) is a retired Costa Rican football player , who has played for Deportivo Saprissa of the Costa Rican first division .
Sebastian Ramhorn ( born 3 May 1996 ) is a Swedish , of partly South Korean descent , footballer who plays for Kalmar FF as a defender .
Aidas Preikšaitis ( born 15 July 1970 in Akmenė ) is a retired Lithuanian professional football midfielder who last played for Lithuanian top division A Lyga club FK Vėtra .
Xhulian Rrudho ( pronounced ( ˈdʒuljan ˈruðɔ ) ; born 9 September 1987 in Lushnjë ) is an Albanian footballer currently playing for KF Tirana .
Attila Tököli ( born 14 May 1976 in Pécs ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Paksi SE in the Hungarian first division .
Born in England , Louis Brain moved to Australia at the age of nine , and played junior football with the Modbury Jets and Salisbury East in Adelaide .
Juan Carlos Olave ( born 21 February 1976 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Club Atlético Belgrano as a goalkeeper .
Ricardo McDonald ( born November 8 , 1969 ) is a former linebacker in the National Football League that played for the Cincinnati Bengals , Chicago Bears , and the Denver Broncos .
Lamar Herron ( born October 27 , 1984 in Alameda , California ) is a former professional Canadian football defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Birama Ndoye ( born 27 March 1994 ) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Sion in the Swiss Super League .
Oskar Rönningberg ( born 2 April 1986 ) is a retired Swedish football player , who recently represented Helsingborgs IF .
Marcell Dareus ( born March 13 , 1990 ) , is an American football defensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Vinicius Frasson ( born August 31 , 1984 in São Miguel do Oeste ) , is an Italian Brazilian footballer , he is currently playing for MYPA , in Veikkausliiga .
Tesfaye Tafese ( Amharic : ጠስፋየ ጣፈሰ ? , born 10 June 1986 ) is an Ethiopian footballer currently playing for Al - Tilal SC in the Yemeni League .
Rich Braham ( born November 6 , 1970 ) is a former National Football League center who played for the Cincinnati Bengals .
Mohd Badrul Azam Mohd Zamri is a Malaysian professional football player who is currently unattached , having recently played for Perak FA in the Malaysian Super League as a midfielder .
Łukasz Piątek ( born September 21 , 1985 in Warsaw ) is a Polish footballer , who plays for Zagłębie Lubin as a midfielder .
Emran Ramadani ( Macedonian : Емран Рамадани , born 29 January 1992 ) is a Macedonian footballer playing with FK Renova in the Macedonian First League .
Iñigo Martínez Berridi ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈiɲiɣo marˈtineð βeˈriði ) ; born 17 May 1991 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Sociedad mainly as a central defender .
Alpaslan Öztürk ( born 16 July 1993 ) is a footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor , on loan from Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège .
Sara Penzo ( born 16 December 1989 ) is an Italian football goalkeeper who plays for women 's Serie A club UPC Tavagnacco and the Italy women 's national football team .
Daniel Osei Boateng ( born 19 May 1981 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian football player who , is playing for Liberty Professionals F.C ..
Lauriane Rougeau ( born April 12 , 1990 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player in her second stint with the CWHL 's Montreal Stars .
Stoyan Abrashev ( Bulgarian : Стоян Абрашев ) ( born 12 January 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently ( as of June 2010 ) playing for FC Sportist Svoge as a midfielder .
Loris Brogno ( born 18 September 1992 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam as a forward .
Rubén Sánchez García ( born 21 January 1989 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Compostela as a winger .
Juan Ignacio Carrera ( born 10 May 1981 in Pergamino , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for San Martín de Tucumán .
Pambos Pittas ( born July 26 , 1966 ) is a former international Cypriot football defender and former captain of Cyprus national football team and Apollon Limassol .
Luke McCullough ( born 15 February 1994 ) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a centre - back for Doncaster Rovers in the Football League Championship and for Northern Ireland national under-21s .
Veljko Simić ( born 17 February 1995 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for FC Schaffhausen on loan from FC Basel .
Féthi Harek ( Arabic : فتحي حارك‎ ; born October 21 , 1982 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique .
Lance Chomyc ( born 1963 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a former placekicker from 1985 to 1993 for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Oswaldo Alanís Pantoja ( born March 18 , 1989 in Morelia , Michoacán , México ) is a Mexican football defender who plays for as a Center Back for C.D. Guadalajara in the Liga Bancomer MX .
Bojan Neziri ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Незири , born 26 February 1982 ) is a Serbian football defender who last played for FK Inđija in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Bryan Harkin ( born October 29 , 1980 in Derry ) is a Northern Irish soccer player who currently plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Second Division .
Franklin April ( 18 April 1984 -- 18 October 2015 ) was a Namibian football defender who played for FC Civics and the Namibia national football team .
Rui Daniel Morais Gomes ( 27 March 1987 in Sandim , Vila Nova de Gaia , Porto District ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Boavista F.C. as an attacking midfielder .
Jermaine Hardy ( born March 20 , 1982 ) is a former American football defensive back for the NFL 's Carolina Panthers .
Adam Ashe ( born 24 July 1993 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors at the number 8 position , but can also play in either of the flanker positions .
Gediminas Maceina ( born 28 August 1984 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who last played for BC Prienai basketball team .
Valtteri Virkkunen ( born February 18 , 1991 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for SaiPa in the Finnish Liiga .
Rodi Ferreira ( born 29 May 1998 ) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a right back for Club Olimpia .
Marc Koot ( born 23 November 1990 in Uden ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Helmond Sport in the Dutch Eerste Divisie He formerly played for FC Oss .
William Barry Holmes ( 1928 - -1949 ) was a rugby union player who played for the England national rugby union team and the Argentina national rugby union team .
Kyle Wachholtz ( born May 17 , 1972 in Norco , California ) was a 7th round pick by the Green Bay Packers in the 1996 NFL Draft .
Jakob Glerup Nielsen ( born April 20 , 1975 ) is a former Danish football midfielder , who played for Viborg FF his entire career .
Jeff Zatkoff ( born June 9 , 1987 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League .
Samir Zazou ( born March 24 , 1980 in Sidi Bel Abbès ) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing as a defender for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Gyula Zsengellér ( Cegléd , 27 December 1915 -- Nicosia , 29 March 1999 ) was a Hungarian footballer and a legend of Újpest FC , most famous for his part in taking the Hungarian national team to the 1938 World Cup Final .
Graeme Johns is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and ' 80s , playing at representative level for Wales , and at club level for Swinton , Salford and Blackpool Borough .
Yoon Kyung - shin played for the German club VfL Gummersbach from 1996 to 2006 , and for HSV Hamburg during the 2006 - -07 season .
Alvis Joe Robb ( March 15 , 1937 -- April 18 , 1987 ) was an American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles , St. Louis Cardinals , and the Detroit Lions .
Julien Berthomier ( born 10 April 1990 in Grasse ) is a French football defender who plays for Boussu Dour Borinage in the Belgian Second Division .
Aleksandar Ristevski ( Macedonian : Александар Ристевски ) ( born 21 August 1989 ) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Pelister in the Macedonian Second League .
Clarence Ellis ( born February 11 , 1950 ) is a former American football safety with the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Mateusz Prus ( Polish pronunciation : ( maˈtɛuʂ ˈprus ) ; born March 9 , 1990 in Zamość ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper in Chrobry Głogów .
Emmanuel Arceneaux ( born September 17 , 1987 ) is an American professional Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a member of the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
David Bascome started his First Division soccer career at the age of 16 with North Village Rams in Bermuda .
Oleksiy Omel'chenko ( born 20 June 1989 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv .
Dominic Ball ( born 2 August 1995 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Scottish Championship club Rangers on loan from Tottenham Hotspur .
Brent Pousson ( born September 22 , 1984 ) is an American football offensive tackle who currently plays for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League .
Abdullah Bin Salleh ( Arabic : عبدالله بن صليح‎ ) ( born 2 September 1948 ) is a Saudi Arabian football ( soccer ) player who played as a defender for Al - Nassr .
Darcy Lang ( born 21 November 1995 ) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Stefanos Papoutsogiannopoulos ( Greek : Στέφανος Παπουτσογιαννόπουλος ; born 10 August 1994 ) is a professional Greek footballer who is currently playing for Panetolikos F.C ..
Matt Sherry ( born December 11 , 1984 in Hinsdale , Illinois ) is an American football tight end who has played for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League .
Salvador Vázquez Ramos ( born 8 May 1985 ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays midfielder for Cruz Azul Hidalgo , in Liga de Ascenso .
Alberto Guitián Ceballos ( born 29 July 1990 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a central defender or a central midfielder .
Tomur Barnes ( born September 8 , 1970 in McNair , Texas ) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers , Minnesota Vikings , and the Washington Redskins .
István Szűcs ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈsyːt͡ʃ ) ; born 3 May 1985 in Debrecen , Hungary ) is a Hungarian footballer currently plays for Debreceni VSC in the Hungarian Borsodi Liga .
Keasel Broome ( born 18 September 1991 ) is a Barbadian international footballer who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League .
Faisal Antar ( Arabic:فيصل عنتر ; born 20 December 1978 ) is a Lebanese retired footballer , who played as a defender during his entire career for Tadamon Sour , Tripoli SC , Nejmeh and Al - Mabarrah in the Lebanese Premier League .
Ralph Knibbs was a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby .
Lebogang Phiri ( born 9 November 1994 ) is a South African international footballer , currently playing for the Danish club Brøndby IF .
Zbigniew Kwiatkowski ( born 2 April 1985 in Mława ) is a Polish handballer who plays for the Polish team Wisła Płock and the Polish national team .
Jan Fadrný ( born June 14 , 1980 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for IHC Písek , a team in the third - tier 2 .
Andrew Dimattina ( born 9 November 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played primarily as a midfielder for Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ali Rabo ( born 6 June 1986 ) is a Burkinabé international footballer who plays for Iraqi club Baghdad FC , as a midfielder .
Indra Putra Mahayuddin ( born 2 September 1981 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Kelantan FA and also a player in the Malaysia national team .
Jed Ortmeyer ( born September 3 , 1978 ) is an American former professional ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the New York Rangers , Nashville Predators , San Jose Sharks and Minnesota Wild .
Harry Feather was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s , playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Bradford F.C. ( now Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C. ) .
Demba Savage , ( born June 17 , 1988 ) is a Gambian footballer ( midfielder ) who plays for BK Häcken in the Swedish Allsvenskan . A right winger , who can also operate on the left wing or as a striker , he is mostly known for his blazing speed and dribbling skills .
Mladen Pralija ( born 28 January 1959 in Šibenik ) is a retired Croatian footballer who played for Hajduk Split , RNK Split , HNK Šibenik , Hamburger SV , Čelik Zenica , NK Pazinka and Toronto Croatia during his career .
Evan Taylor ( born 25 January 1989 in Jamaica ) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for Waterhouse F.C ..
Khürelbaataryn Tsend - Ayuush ( Mongolian : Хүрэлбаатарын Цэнд-Аюуш ; born 22 February 1990 ) is a Mongolian footballer , who plays as a Midfielder for Khoromkhon in Mongolia .
Jim McShane ( 28 February 1871 -- 25 October 1946 ) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club .
Daniel Ciampini ( born November 25 , 1990 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing within the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Callum Phillips is a rugby league player for Workington Town in the Championship .
Bob Kohrs ( born November 8 , 1958 ) was a defensive back and linebacker in the NFL for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Tsvetelin Tonev ( Bulgarian : Цветелин Тонев ; born 3 January 1992 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for OJC Rosmalen in the Netherlands .
Yevhen Borovyk ( Ukrainian : Євген Анатолійович Боровик ; born 2 March 1985 in Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Dovrat Bendel is an Israeli football striker currently playing in the Israeli First League for F.C. Kiryat Gat .
Jonathan Kakou ( born 18 December 1989 ) is a footballer who plays as a defender for AS Magenta .
Audrius Kšanavičius ( born 28 January 1977 ) is a footballer who plays for FBK Kaunas as a midfielder .
Bergur Midjord ( born 20 April 1985 in Tórshavn ) , Faroe Islands is a midfielder that plays for B36 Tórshavn .
Rajinder Kumar ( born 3 April 1993 in Chandigarh ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Bharat FC in the I - League .
Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for Warrington Wolves in the Super League .
Eyðvør Klakstein ( born 5 September 1995 ) is a Faroese football midfielder who currently plays for CD Marino in the second best football division in Spain .
Rabiu Ali ( born 27 September 1980 ) is a Nigerian football midfielder who plays for Kano Pillars F.C ..
Andrei Aleksandrovich Aleksandrov ( Russian : Андрей Александрович Александров ; born 19 July 1995 ) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Chita .
Kyle Wood ( born 18 June 1989 ) is a rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Doncaster , Sheffield Eagles , Huddersfield Giants , Castleford Tigers , Batley Bulldogs , and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , as a scrum - half / halfback .
Elvijs Biezais ( born July 30 , 1991 in Riga , Soviet Union ) is a Latvian ice hockey forward , currently playing for Dinamo Riga of Kontinental Hockey League .
Troy Grosenick ( born August 27 , 1989 ) is an American ice hockey professional goaltender currently playing with the San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) , under contract with the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Ruben Gerardo Grighini ( born 11 January 1987 ) , commonly known as Ruben , is an Argentinian footballer who last played for Rovigo Calcio .
Simone Minelli ( born 8 January 1997 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side ACF Fiorentina as midfielder .
Igor Jančevski ( Macedonian and Serbian : Игор Јанчевски ) ( born 16 October 1974 in Zemun ) is a Serbian - born Macedonian football defender who plays for NK Čelik Zenica in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gentrit Citaku ( born 25 February 1996 ) is a Swedish footballer of Albanian descent who plays for IFK Norrköping as a midfielder .
Hugo Leonardo Silva Serejo or simply Léo Silva ( born December 24 , 1985 in São Luis , Brasil ) , is an association footballer who currently plays for Albirex Niigata .
Royce Lint ( January 1 , 1921 -- April 3 , 2006 ) was a left - handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1954 .
Roy Gregory ( born March 6 , 1990 ) is an Antiguan footballer who currently plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division and the Antigua and Barbuda national team .
Ervis Koçi ( born 13 November 1984 in Kukës ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Normand Aubin ( born July 26 , 1960 in St - Leonard , Quebec ) is a former professional ice hockey centre who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1981 to 1983 .
Don Shields ( September 19 , 1914 - March 30 , 1993 ) was an American college basketball player for the Temple Owls men 's basketball team .
Fernando Casanova Aizpún ( born 30 October 1988 ) in Santo Domingo is a Dominican international footballer who plays as a Midfielder and the actually team is a Bauger FC in the Dominican Republic First Division .
André Künzi ( born January 10 , 1967 in Zäziwil , Switzerland ) is a former Swiss ice hockey player who played for EV Zug in the National League A. He also played for the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team at the 1988 and 1992 Olympics .
Andreas Falk ( born February 27 , 1983 , in Huddinge , Sweden ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player , currently with Kölner Haie in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Ayman Ftayni ( Arabic : ايمن فتيني ; born 27 December 1994 in Riyadh ) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al - Nassr .
Donatas Slanina ( born 23 April 1977 ) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player and current assistant coach for Pallacanestro Reggiana of the Italian Serie A.
Shafizan Hashim ( born 2 September 1982 in Kuala Nerang , Kedah ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a defender for Kedah FA .
Victor Backman is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for IK Oskarshamn of the HockeyAllsvenskan .
Jakub Popielarz ( born March 16 , 1990 in Dukla ) is a Polish footballer , who currently plays for Stal Stalowa Wola on loan from Lechia Gdańsk .
Budiman Yunus ( born on August 5 , 1972 ) is an Indonesian football head coach for Persib Bandung U-21 .
Everton Sena ( born June 14 , 1991 in Recife ) , is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube .
Luiz Paulo Hilário , most commonly known as Dodô ( born 16 October 1987 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for the Azeri side Gabala FC .
Stjepan Vuleta ( born 29 October 1993 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who is under contract with FC Wacker Innsbruck in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Rafael Porto ( born February 8 , 1979 in Porto Alegre , Brazil ) is a former soccer player , and current technical coordinator of the Miami Dade FC in the NAL .
Geoff Appleford ( born 26 September 1977 in Dundee , South Africa ) is a retired rugby union footballer who played for London Irish at centre , then ended his career with Northampton Saints , although because of injury he never played a competitive game for the club .
Gabriel Donizete de Santana , or simply Gabriel ( born September 8 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian Midfielder who currently plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the Azadegan League .
Kamil Dankowski ( born 22 July 1996 ) is a Polish professional footballer who currently plays as an midfielder for Śląsk Wrocław .
Laurent Jans ( born 5 August 1992 ) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for Belgian club Waasland - Beveren , as a right back .
Jeris McIntyre ( born July 4 , 1981 in Tampa , Florida ) is a former American football wide receiver who was selected by the Kansas City Chiefs in the 6th round of the 2004 NFL Draft .
Alexandru Gațcan ( born 27 March 1984 in Chișinău ) is a Moldovan international footballer who currently plays for FC Rostov and the Moldova national football team .
Jan Kosak ( born 3 February 1992 ) is a Czech footballer midfielder , who currently plays for FC Vysočina Jihlava .
Armando Lozano Sánchez ( born 16 December 1984 ) , known simply as Armando , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF as a central defender .
Miloš Žeravica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mилош Жеравица ; born 22 Јuly 1988 in Zrenjanin ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dhaya Haroon is a football midfielder playing at Al - Nassr Club in Saudi Arabia .
Shkodran Metaj ( Serbo - Croat : Škodran Metaj ) ( born 5 February 1988 in Studenica , Peć , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Kosovar footballer of Albanian descent who currently plays for Flamurtari Vlorë in the Albanian Superliga .
Alex Dujshebaev ( Russian : Алекс Дуйшебаев ; born 17 December 1992 ) is a Spanish professional handball player who plays as a right back for RK Vardar and the Spanish national team .
Ruslani Mutoshvili ( Russian : Руслани Мутошвили ; born 20 September 1993 in Akhmeta , Georgia ) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Terek-2 Grozny .
Samy Houri ( born August 9 , 1985 in Asnières - sur - Seine ) is a French footballer currently playing for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Constantine .
Zheng Haixia ( simplified Chinese : 郑海霞 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭海霞 ; pinyin : Zhèng Hǎixiá ; born March 7 , 1967 , in Zhecheng , Shangqiu , Henan ) is a Chinese retired professional women 's basketball player for the China women 's national basketball team and the Women 's National Basketball Association .
Zainizam Marjan ( born on 11 May 1980 ) is a Malaysian footballer who was a midfielder for Sabah FA at Malaysia Premier League .
Jean Agostinho da Silva ( born 1 June 1988 in Duque de Caxias , Rio de Janeiro ) , commonly known as Jean Carioca , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Shaquille Dyer ( born August 10 , 1995 ) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL on loan from Arnett Gardens FC of the Red Stripe Premier League .
Ádám Kisznyér ( born 10 February 1988 ) is a Hungarian footballer who played as a striker for Újpest FC until March 2009 .
Vitomir Jelić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Витомир Јелић ; born January 21 , 1982 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Serbian White Eagles FC of the Canadian Soccer League .
Damian Roßbach ( born 27 February 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SV Sandhausen in the German 3 .
Arnold Dwarika ( born 23 February 1973 in Upper Santa Cruz , Trinidad ) is a Trinidad and Tobago football player , who plays as a midfielder for North East Stars in the TT Pro League .
Miriam Forasté ( born 1 March 1991 ) is a Spanish women 's basketball player currently playing for Ros Casares Valencia in Euroleague Women and Spain 's Liga Femenina .
Borislav Iliev ( Bulgarian : Борислав Илиев ) ( born 18 February 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for FC Sportist Svoge as a defender .
Brandon Buck ( born August 16 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Forward player who is currently playing for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Artis Lazdiņš ( born 3 May 1986 in Limbaži ) is a Latvian footballer , currently playing for FK Jelgava in the Latvian Higher League .
Vincenzo Santoruvo is an Italian professional footballer currently playing for Frosinone Calcio in Serie B in Italy .
Chan Ming Kong started his senior football career in Hong Kong 08 .
Ihor Bykovskyi ( Ukrainian : Ігор Ігорович Биковський ; born 5 September 1996 in Mariupol , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) , is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Arsenal - Kyiv in the Ukrainian Second League .
The son of former Danish international Erik Nielsen ( capped once ) , Kent Nielsen started his career in Erik 's former club Brønshøj BK ( in Copenhagen ) .
Michael Paterson ( born 9 May 1985 ) is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership .
João Tiago Serrão Garcês ( born 7 March 1993 in Funchal , Madeira ) , commonly known as Jota , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional as a midfielder .
David Paice ( born 24 November 1983 ) is an English qualified rugby union footballer who plays at hooker for London Irish and has International honours for England .
Harjinder Singh ( born 16 March 1970 , in Punjab ) is a former Indian footballer and coach who played and coached all his career for JCT FC in the I - League .
Rubel Sarsour ( Hebrew : רובל סרסור‎ ; born August 7 , 1983 ) is an Arab - Israeli footballer currently playing for F.C. Kafr Qasim .
Samu Manoa ( born March 5 , 1985 in Concord , California ) is an American rugby union player who currently plays second row or back row for the RC Toulonnais .
Roosevelt Potts ( born January 8 , 1971 ) is a former professional American football player who played fullback in the National Football League for five seasons from 1993 to 1998 for the Indianapolis Colts , Miami Dolphins , and Baltimore Ravens , after playing college football at University of Louisiana at Monroe .
Pirouz Ghorbani has played for Esteghlal F.C. since he was 16 alongside teammates Amir Hossein Sadeqi and Vahid Talebloo .
Thomas Wolter ( born 4 October 1963 ) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder or a defender , and the current manager of SV Werder Bremen 's youth academy .
Bruce MacGregor ( born April 26 , 1941 ) is a former professional ice hockey forward who played for the Detroit Red Wings and New York Rangers of the National Hockey League , and the Edmonton Oilers of the World Hockey Association .
Eric Nickulas ( born March 25 , 1975 in Hyannis , Massachusetts ) is a professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany .
Nicklas Bendtner ( Danish pronunciation : ( neɡ̊las ˈb̥ɛnˀd̥nɐ ) ; born 16 January 1988 ) is a Danish footballer who plays for German Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Denmark national team .
Grent Halili ( born 24 May 1998 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an centre Forward for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Matej Jonjić ( born 29 January 1991 in Split ) is a Croatian football player who plays as defender , currently with Incheon United FC in the K League Classic transfer from Hajduk Split .
Rodney McLeod Jr. ( born June 23 , 1990 ) is an American football safety for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League .
Serhiy Yavorskyi ( Ukrainian : Сергій Олександрович Яворський ; born 5 July 1989 ) , is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Tobol in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Sanjeev Parmar is a former Canadian soccer player who had stints with the Charlotte Eagles , and the Ottawa Wizards .
Jovica Trajčev ( Macedonian : Јовица Трајчев ) ( born 9 January 1981 ) is a Macedonian football player , who plays as a central midfielder for FK Bregalnica Štip .
Jesse Pinto is an Australian - born East Timorese footballer who currently plays for Australian Club Hellenic Athletic .
Nikolaos Mitrou ( Greek : Νικόλαος Μήτρου ; born 10 July 1984 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for A.O.Kymi F.C. in the Football League 2 ( Greece ) as a Midfielder .
Martin Bergvold ( born February 20 , 1984 ) is a Danish professional football player , who plays as a midfielder for Esbjerg fB in the Danish Superliga .
Zoubir Ouasti ( born February 28 , 1981 in Oran , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a defender for MC Oran in the Algerian Championnat National .
Barry Breen ( born 7 January 1948 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League , playing with St Kilda Football Club .
In the 2010 January transfer window Licá moved to C.D. Trofense in the second level , on loan , netting five goals in 27 games in his first full season as the Trofa club narrowly missed on promotion .
Dwight Barnett ( born 1 March 1982 in St. Andrew ) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for the Tampa Marauders of the National Premier Soccer League .
Geoff Waugh ( born August 25 , 1983 ) is a Canadian - Croatian ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) .
Grant Birchall ( born 28 January 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Anders Stadheim ( born August 14 , 1980 ) is a former Norwegian footballer , who played for Fredrikstad FK and Sogndal .
Vyacheslav Tankovskyi ( Ukrainian : В'ячеслав Сергійович Танковський ; born 16 August 1995 in Novomoskovsk , Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Petr Vakoč ( born 11 July 1992 in Prague ) is a Czech cyclist , who rides for the Etixx - Quick Step team .
Ludovic Mary ( born 7 March 1977 in Suresnes , France ) is a footballer , currently playing for Championnat de France amateur Group C side US Colomiers Football as a left - back .
Walden Alexis Vargas is a Colombian football player who currently plays for Atlético Huila in Categoría Primera A.
Otis Bernard Gilkey ( born September 24 , 1966 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a former Major League Baseball player for the St. Louis Cardinals , New York Mets , Arizona Diamondbacks , Boston Red Sox , and Atlanta Braves .
Tyler Arnone ( born November 1 , 1991 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Real Monarchs SLC in the USL .
Nino Galović ( born 6 July 1992 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for NK Slaven Belupo on loan from RNK Split as a defender .
Petru Ojog ( born 17 July 1990 , Chişinău , Moldova ) is a Moldavian football Midfielder who plays for FC Costuleni .
Satnam Singh Bhamara ( Punjabi : ਸਤਨਾਮ ਸਿੰਘ ਭਮਰਾ ; born December 10 , 1995 ) is an Indian professional basketball player for the Texas Legends of the NBA Development League .
Bogdans Ņesterenko ( born May 16 , 1984 ) is a Latvian football defender who plays for Jõhvi FC Lokomotiv .
Szabolcs Üveges ( born 29 April 1991 , is a Hungarian midfielder who currently plays for Várda SE .
Per Frick ( born 14 April 1992 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IF Elfsborg in Allsvenskan as a striker .
Anđela Šešlija ( born 15 September 1995 ) is a Bosnian football defender currently playing in the Bosnian Championship for SFK 2000 Sarajevo , with which she has also played the UEFA Champions League .
Miguel Albiol Tortajada ( born 2 September 1981 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Murcia mainly as a right midfielder .
Søren Rieks ( born 7 April 1987 ) is a Danish footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a winger .
Filipe Luís Kasmirski ( born 9 August 1985 ) , known as Filipe Luís , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Brazil national team .
José Eulogio Gárate Ormaechea ( born 20 September 1944 in Sarandí , Argentina ) is a former Argentine - Spanish footballer who played as a forward for SD Eibar , SD Indautxu , Atlético Madrid and Spain .
Zsolt Bognár started his football career with minor Hungarian teams , including Szombathelyi Haladás and Győri ETO .
Ianique dos Santos Tavares ( born 20 May 1988 ) , commonly known as Stopira , is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Hungarian club Videoton FC as a left back .
Willie Amos ( born July 28 , 1982 ) is an American football defensive back who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Denis Fetahović ( Cyrillic : Дeниc Фeтaxoвић , born 29 December 1979 ) is a Montenegrin football defender playing for FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje .
Wesley Elmer Barbour II ( February 2 , 1919 -- February 10 , 1993 ) was an American football blocking back and linebacker who played for the National Football League 's New York Giants during the 1945 season .
Norbert Lichtenegger ( born 14 November 1951 ) is an Austrian former footballer who played for Wiener Sport - Club in the Austrian Football Bundesliga .
Chad Forcier is an assistant coach for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Jeff Boyd ( born April 17 , 1958 in Riverside , California ) was a Canadian Football League receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Toronto Argonauts who , in a 9-year career from 1983 - -1991 , caught 69 touchdown passes .
Eddy Silvestre Pascual Israfilov ( born 2 August 1992 ) , commonly known as Eddy or Eddy Israfilov , is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays for Spanish club Córdoba CF on loan from Real Murcia as an attacking midfielder .
Pavol Zemanovič ( born 11 March 1990 in Zlaté Moravce ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce .
Dick Tol ( 21 August 1934 -- 13 December 1973 ) was a Dutch semi - professional footballer who spent his entire career with FC Volendam .
Grant Gilchrist ( born 9 August 1990 ) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the Pro12 .
İsmail Köse ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ismael koese ) , born 1 January 1996 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Manisaspor in the TFF 1 .
Kjell Lindstrand is a former Swedish footballer , who between 1959 and 1971 represented Landskrona BoIS at 393 occasions Twelve of these was qualifying matches for promotion to the Swedish top league Allsvenskan , a Swedish record .
Markus Steuerwald ( born 7 March 1989 ) is a German volleyball player , who is a member of the German national team and Paris Volley .
Oliver Bohm ( born April 14 , 1992 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman , currently playing for Frölunda HC in the Elitserien .
Luke Rounds ( born 10 February 1991 ) is an Australian Rules Footballer in the Australian Football League for Collingwood Football Club .
Dario Tomić ( born 23 June 1986 ) is a Bosnian Croat footballer playing with NK Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL .
Luís Manuel Braga Dias ( born 3 January 1987 in Penafiel ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Penafiel as a right back .
Vaggelis Koutsoures was born on 2 February 1975 in Portaria Chalkidikis , Greece is a Greek football player who currently plays for Erani Filiatra .
Joel Hilgenberg ( born July 10 , 1962 in Iowa City , Iowa ) was an American football center in the National Football League for the New Orleans Saints .
István Ferenczi ( born 14 September 1977 in Győr , Győr - Moson - Sopron ) is a Hungarian international football striker , currently playing for Vasas SC .
Jonas Hofmann ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdʒøˈnaːs ˈhoːfˈmaːn ) ; born 14 July 1992 ) is a German footballer who plays as a winger for Borussia Mönchengladbach .
Fernando Núñez Lázaro ( born 28 June 1978 ) , simply Fernando , is a Spanish footballer who plays for AE Prat as a defender .
Mike Filer ( born May 6 , 1990 ) is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Bence Balogh ( born 4 October 1991 in Budapest ) is a professional Hungarian footballer currently plays for Vasas SC .
Marouan Laghnej ( born April 22 , 1986 ) is a Tunisian basketball player currently playing for JS Kairouan in the Tunisian Basketball League .
René Groth ( born 9 June 1972 ) is a German former footballer who played for Dynamo Dresden , FSV Zwickau and VfB Leipzig .
Bastien Geiger ( born 26 February 1985 ) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a right defender for FC Biel - Bienne .
Wojciech Łuczak ( born July 28 , 1989 , in Zgorzelec ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Górnik Zabrze .
John Henry White ( born August 28 , 1955 ) is a former gridiron football running back who played ten seasons in Canadian Football League for the BC Lions .
Dele Olorundare ( born 1 December 1992 in Akure , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian football player who plays for Sunshine Stars F.C. He was the leading highest goal scorer in the NIgeria premier league 2013 season first leg with 13 goals in 23 games before joining the TKİ Tavşanlı Linyitspor on loan deal .
Radovan Sloboda ( born 7 November 1982 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga .
Lardarius Webb ( born October 12 , 1985 ) is an American football Free Safety for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Ernest Nsombo ( born March 6 , 1991 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a striker for USM Alger .
Signy Aarna ( born 4 October 1990 ) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a forward for Finnish club Pallokissat and for the Estonia national team .
Daniel Seman is a Czech professional ice hockey player is currently playing with HC Oceláři Třinec in the Czech Extraliga .
Holding the record for being the tallest Springbok in history , Andries Bekker was an imposing figure in the DHL Stormers lineout .
Vyacheslav Turchanov ( Ukrainian : В`ячеслав Ігорович Турчанов ; born 3 August 1991 in Kyiv ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League .
Ken Hinkley ( born 30 September 1966 ) is currently the senior coach of the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League and a former player with the Geelong Football Club and Fitzroy Football Club .
Dan Way ( born 5 April 1987 , Swindon ) is an English former rugby union player for Newport RFC and the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team .
Paul Puopolo ( born 2 December 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Peter Eich ( born 18 June 1963 ) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for SV Waldhof Mannheim , FC 08 Homburg and 1 .
Yani Urdinov ( Macedonian : Јани Урдинов , born 28 March 1991 in Mechelen , Belgium ) is a Belgian - born Macedonian professional footballer who last played for Flamurtari Vlorë in the Albanian Superliga as well as the Macedonian national team .
Saša Savić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Caшa Caвић ; born 5 February 1984 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a defender for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK Dukla Banská Bystrica .
Jakub Słowik ( born 31 August 1991 in Nowy Sącz ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Pogoń Szczecin in the Ekstraklasa .
Issam Al - Qarni ( Arabic : عصام القرني ; born 29 April 1995 in Jeddah ) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al - Nassr .
Yohanis Tjoe ( born July 19 , 1985 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League as a defender
Christian Negouai ( born 20 January 1978 in Fort - de - France , Martinique ) is a French football player who has played for Charleroi , Standard Liège and FC Brussels in Belgium , for Manchester City and Coventry in England , and for Aalesund in Norway .
Oleksandr Shevelyukhin ( born 27 August 1982 , Uzhhorod , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Górnik Zabrze in the Polish Ekstraklasa .
Michel Riesen ( born April 11 , 1979 in Oberbalm , Switzerland ) is a former professional ice hockey winger who last played for the EHC Basel in the National League B.
Ashley Gibson is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Wakefield Trinity Wildcatsof Super League , having previously played for Leeds , Salford Red Devils and Castleford Tigers .
Abdelmalek Ziaya ( born January 23 , 1984 in Guelma ) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club ES Sétif .
In the 2007 summer Tiquinho moved to Cyprus , going on to remain in the country for the following three years in representation of AEL Limassol , Anorthosis Famagusta FC -- no official games --
Vasil Panayotov ( Bulgarian : Васил Панайотов ; born 16 July 1990 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Zawisza Bydgoszcz in Poland .
Seule Soromon ( born 14 August 1984 ) is an association football striker from Vanuatu who currently plays for ASB Premiership team YoungHeart Manawatu .
Stan Waldemore ( born February 20 , 1955 in Newark , New Jersey ) is a former American football offensive tackle and offensive guard in the National Football League for the New York Jets from 1978 - 1984 .
Arthur Lee Guetterman ( born November 22 , 1958 in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher from 1984 to 1996 for the Seattle Mariners , New York Yankees , New York Mets , and St. Louis Cardinals .
Steinar Ege ( born 10 April 1972 ) is a Norwegian handballer , currently playing as a goalkeeper for the Handball - Bundesliga side THW Kiel .
Jyrki Välivaara ( born May 30 , 1976 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Jackie Law , Jr is a former professional association footballer who played for Queen of the South and Stranraer F.C. Law Junior was born in Kelloholm and went to school at Dumfries Academy .
Mark McMillan ( born 17 May 1983 in Stirling , Scotland ) is a former rugby union player who played for Bath Rugby , London Wasps and Leeds Carnegie in the Aviva Premiership , and Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
Hörður Árnason ( born 19 May 1989 ) is an Icelandic football left back , who currently plays for Stjarnan .
Jürgen Luginger ( born 8 December 1967 ) is a retired German football player and manager who is now manager of FC Schalke 04 II .
Tibor Tisza ( born 10 November 1984 ) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a striker or Winger for Debreceni VSC .
David Costas Cordal ( born 26 March 1995 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca on loan from Celta de Vigo as a central defender .
Pelle van Amersfoort ( born 1 April 1996 in Heemskerk ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for Almere City , on loan from SC Heerenveen , in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Igor Melher ( born December 1 , 1979 in Mostar , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian football player currently playing for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in the Bosnian Premier League .
Jeff Heaton ( born 13 October 1943 in St. Helens , Lancashire ) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and ' 70s who became a St Helens RLFC Hall of Fame inductee .
Hikmet Karaman ( born March 9 , 1960 in Tirebolu , Giresun , Turkey ) is a Turkish football manager who currently manages Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor .
Henning Jensen ( born 17 August 1949 ) is a Danish former football player who played professionally for German club Borussia Mönchengladbach , Spanish club Real Madrid and Dutch club Ajax Amsterdam where he won the domestic league championship in each country .
Ezra Dale Polley ( born August 9 , 1965 in Georgetown , Kentucky ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees .
Marcus Pode ( born 27 March 1986 ) is a Swedish professional football who plays for Trelleborgs FF as a forward .
Juan Carlos Leaño Del Castillo ( born November 22 , 1977 in Guadalajara , Jalisco , México ) is a retired Mexican football defender who played his whole career with Estudiantes Tecos .
Willi Kraus ( 1 May 1943 -- 19 October 2008 ) was a professional German footballer who played for two seasons in the Fußball - Bundesliga with FC Schalke 04 .
Kwami Hodouto ( born 31 October 1974 in Lomé ) is a Togolese footballer , who played for French clubs AS Cannes , AJ Auxerre , Red Star Saint - Ouen , and English club Huddersfield Town .
Lin Shllaku ( born 12 July 1938 in Shkodër ) is a former Albanian footballer who played for Vllaznia Shkodër and Partizani Tirana , as well as the Albania national team .
Percy Maybury ( 24 September 1891 -- 8 May 1963 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1910 and 1919 for the Richmond Football Club .
Christos Xenitopoulos ( Greek : Χρήστος Ξενιτόπουλος ; born 1 June 1990 ) is a Greek footballer , who currently playing for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. in the Football League 2 as a Left back .
Taylor Inglis ( born November 4 , 1983 ) is a former professional Canadian football long snapper who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Jordan Matechuk ( born September 22 , 1985 in Yorkton , Saskatchewan ) is a professional Canadian football linebacker and long snapper for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Mahamat Hissein ( born on 3 March 1979 ) is a Chadian footballer , who plays for AS Moulins .
Sašo Zdravevski ( Macedonian : Сашо Здравевски ; born 11 August 1973 ) is a retired Macedonian football defender , who was last played for FK Pelister , which is today a sports director .
Earl Winfield ( born August 6 , 1961 in Petersburg , Virginia ) is a former Canadian Football League receiver for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats who , in an 11-year career from 1987 - 1997 , caught 573 passes for 10,119 yards and 75 touchdowns .
Alain Beaulé ( born April 7 , 1946 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 183 games in the World Hockey Association for the Winnipeg Jets and Quebec Nordiques .
Andreas Schranz ( born May 2 , 1979 in Eisenerz , Styria ) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who last played for SV Grödig .
Joel Bowden ( born 21 June 1978 ) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Richmond Football Club in the AFL .
Jay Bellamy ( born July 8 , 1972 ) is a former American football safety who played for the Seattle Seahawks and the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Tarkyn Lockyer ( born 30 October 1979 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Leonardo Morosini ( born 13 October 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio as an attacking midfielder .
Sebastián Díaz Aracena ( born 26 February 1996 ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera B club Deportes Temuco as defensive midfielder .
Milan Harvilko ( born 18 July 1988 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club ŽP Šport Podbrezová .
Edward Blake Moore Jr. ( born May 8 , 1958 in Durham , North Carolina ) is a former offensive lineman in the National Football League who played for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Green Bay Packers .
Joni Karjalainen is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Tappara of the SM - liiga .
Jozef Brudňak ( born 8 November 1987 in Svidník ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce , on loan from MFK Košice .
Stephan Keller ( born 31 May 1979 ) is a Swiss footballer who last played for Willem II in the Eerste Divisie .
Shahurain Abu Samah ( born 23 December 1986 in Kajang , Selangor ) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a midfielder / right winger for PKNS F.C ..
Moving up to the Bundesliga squad of Borussia Mönchengladbach in 1967 , Helmut Kremers won his first of two DFB - Pokal trophies with then lower league side Kickers Offenbach in 1970 .
Rolando Schiavi ( born 18 January 1973 ) is a retired Argentine football defender , most recognized for his time spent playing for Boca Juniors .
Emanuele Terranova ( born April 14 , 1987 in Mazara del Vallo ) is an Italian association football defender who is currently signed with U.S. Sassuolo Calcio .
Piotr Bronowicki ( born September 10 , 1981 in Świdnik ) is a Polish footballer ( midfielder ) playing currently for Górnik Łęczna .
Born in Strumica , Mite Cikarski was playing in Serbia with FK Partizan youth team , when in summer 2011 , he was brought to FK Vardar to play in the Macedonian First League .
Elson Ferreira de Souza ( born 30 October 1989 ) , commonly known as Elsinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Kawasaki Frontale on loan from Brazilian Série D club Tombense .
Lajos Schróth ( born 28 August 1960 in Budapest ) is a retired Hungarian professional football player who played in Hungary for Újpesti Dózsa , in Spain for Cádiz CF and in Finland for FC Haka .
Cristian Avram is a goalkeeper who currently is playing for FC Academia Chișinău and for Moldova-21 .
Luis Gabriel Rey Villamizar ( February 20 , 1980 ) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Liga MX club Monarcas Morelia on loan from Club América .
Lex Immers ( born 8 June 1986 in The Hague ) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Championship side Cardiff City on loan from Feyenoord .
Wayne Walsh is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL in 1968 , then between 1972 and 1975 and again from 1977 to 1978 for the Richmond Football Club and also between 1969 and 1971 for the South Melbourne Football Club .
Guillermo Matías Fernández ( born 10 October 1991 ) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Godoy Cruz of the Argentine Primera División , on loan from Boca Juniors .
Boubacar Nimi is a Burkina Faso professional footballer , who plays as a Forward for Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou and the Burkina Faso national football team .
Hans van der Pluijm ( born 3 January 1949 ) is a Dutch football coach and retired goalkeeper who played for FC Den Bosch between 1967 and 1986 .
Bram van Vlerken ( born 7 October 1995 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays for PSV Eindhoven as a right back .
Khairan Eroza Razali ( born 5 May 1979 in Kota Bharu , Kelantan ) Malaysian footballer currently playing for Penang FA .
Erik Durm ( born 12 May 1992 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left back for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team .
Kurlson Benjamin ( born 7 December 1984 ) is a Dominican footballer who currently plays for Dominican side Bath Estate and the Dominica national football team .
Christopher Gores is a Puerto Rican soccer player who plays for Gigantes de Carolina FC in the Puerto Rico Soccer League .
The club stated : `` Chelsea Football Club today bids farewell to Salomon Kalou , who has come to the end of his contract '' ;
Janne Jokila ( born April 22 , 1982 ) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally for Milton Keynes Lightning in the English Premier Ice Hockey League .
Taddele Mengesha is an Ethiopian professional footballer , who plays as a Midfielder for Dedebit F.C ..
Simione Tamanisau ( born 5 June 1982 ) is a Fijian international footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Lautoka F.C. in the National Football League .
Ivan Maric ( Croatian : Ivan Marić , born 4 January 1986 ) is an Australian rules football player of Croatian descent who plays with the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Choi Kwang - hee ( born May 17 , 1984 ) is a South Korea football player who plays for Busan IPark .
Sergio Damían Santín Francia ( born 22 September 1980 ) is a Colombian - born Uruguayan footballer playing for Club Social y Deportivo Tristán Suárez in the Argentine Primera B Metropolitana .
Nemanja Ahčin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Ахчин ; born 7 April 1994 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays in the Serbian SuperLiga for FK Novi Pazar on loan from Red Star Belgrade .
Calvin Jong - a - Pin ( born 18 July 1986 ) is a Dutch footballer plays as a left back who last played for the Japanese club Shimizu S - Pulse .
Francisco José Sánchez Rodríguez ( born 8 February 1990 ) commonly known as Fran Rodríguez is a Spanish professional footballer playing for SV Mattersburg in Austrian Football First League as a defender .
Ryan Nicholas ( born 23 May 1979 in Broken Hill , New South Wales , Australia ) is a Japanese rugby union player who plays for Suntory Sungoliath of the Top League in Japan .
Nuno Vieira Campos ( born 13 June 1993 in Funchal ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional , as a defender .
Iryna Zvarych ( born 8 May 1983 ) is an international Ukrainian football goalkeeper playing in FCF Juvisy .
Nouri Ouznadji ( born December 30 , 1984 , in Algiers ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for USM Blida in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 .
Tafadzwa Dube is a Zimbabwean professional footballer , who plays as a Goal keeper for CAPS United F.C ..
Jonathan Grimes ( born December 21 , 1989 ) is an American football running back who currently plays for Houston Texans .
Dominique Lokoli ( born 29 January 1952 ) is a former French - Congolese footballer who played for Paris Saint - Germain F.C. , AS Nancy , AJ Auxerre and Stade de Reims .
Péter Palotás ( 27 June 1929 -- 17 May 1967 ) , born as Péter Poteleczky , was a Hungarian footballer who played as a forward for MTK Budapest FC and Hungary .
Johannes Mononen ( born 4 May 1991 ) is a Finnish footballer , who currently represents AC Oulu of Ykkönen , the second highest level of football in Finland .
Nina Burger is an Austrian football striker , currently playing for SC Sand of Frauen Budesliga , after playing for SV Neulengbach of Austria 's ÖFB - Frauenliga .
Fance Hariyanto ( born on October 1 , 1983 in Pekanbaru ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League .
Brad Brach ( /brɑːk/ brahk ; born April 12 , 1986 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
S. Sivanesan ( born 28 December 1990 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Negeri Sembilan FA and Malaysia national team .
Sebastião Nogueira is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for CF Benfica .
Luke Owens ( born October 9 , 1933 in Stuttgart , Arkansas ) was an American football defensive lineman in the NFL for the Baltimore Colts and the Chicago / St . Louis Cardinals .
Tuğba Karataş ( March 17 , 1992 ) is a Turkish women 's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women 's First League for Trabzon İdmanocağı with jersey number 23 .
Mehmedalija Čović ( born March 16 , 1986 ) is a Bosnian association football player who plays for NK Čelik Zenica .
DeMeco Ryans ( /dᵻˈmiːkoʊ/ ; born July 28 , 1984 ) is an American football linebacker for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Jasmin Sudić ( born 24 November 1990 ) is a Bosnian - born Swedish footballer who plays for BK Häcken as a centre back .
Tobias Schilk ( born 24 March 1992 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for 1 . FSV Mainz 05 .
Charles Bruce Stuart ( November 30 , 1881 -- October 28 , 1961 ) was a Canadian amateur and professional ice hockey forward who played for the Quebec Bulldogs , Ottawa Senators , Montreal Wanderers , Portage Lakes Hockey Club , Pittsburgh Victorias and Pittsburgh Professionals from 1899 to 1911 .
Khalid Askri ( born 20 March 1981 , Missour , Morocco ) is a Moroccan football goalkeeper who plays for Raja Casablanca .
Rasmus Christensen ( born 12 August 1991 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Hobro IK in the Danish 1st Division .
Rai Vloet ( born 8 May 1995 in Schijndel ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays for SC Cambuur , on loan from PSV Eindhoven , as an attacking midfielder .
Christian Leite also called Leite ( Born 9 November 1985 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Thun .
Kostadin Zelenkov ( Bulgarian : Костадин Зеленков ) ( born 11 December 1977 ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing for Brestnik 1948 as a midfielder .
István Géczi ( born 16 March 1944 in Sajóörös ) is a retired Hungarian football goalkeeper , who played for Ferencvárosi TC .
In Greek mythology , Electryon /ɨˈlɛktriən/ was the son of Perseus and Andromeda , and king of Tiryns and Mycenae or Medea in Argolis .
Aleida Guevara March ( born 24 November 1960 ) is the eldest daughter of four children born to Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara and his second wife , Aleida March .
Beorn Estrithson ( died 1049 ) was the son of Jarl Ulf and Estrid Svendsdatter , sister of Cnut the Great .
Aline Lahoud ( Arabic : ألين لحود‎ ) ( born 1981 or 1986 ) is a Lebanese singer and the daughter of well - known singer Salwa Al Katrib and producer Nahi Lahoud .
Countess Anna Sibylle of Hanau - Lichtenberg ( 16 May 1542 in Lichtenberg -- 5 January 1580 ) was the eldest surviving daughter of Count Philipp IV ( 20 May 1512 -- 19 February 1590 ) and his wife , Countess Eleonore of Fürstenberg ( 11 October 1523 -- 26 April 1544 ) .
In Irish mythology , Banba ( modern spelling : Banbha , pronounced ( ˈbˠanˠəvˠə ) ) , daughter of Ernmas of the Tuatha Dé Danann , is a patron goddess of Ireland .
Benjamin was the last - born of Jacob 's thirteen children ( 12 sons 1 daughter ) , and the second and last son of Rachel in Jewish , Christian and Islamic tradition .
China Moses is the daughter of Dee Dee Bridgewater and director Gilbert Moses .
Constance of Normandy ( between 1057 and 1061 Normandy - 13 August 1090 ) was a daughter of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders .
Yu Zhengsheng was born in the communist revolutionary heartland of Yan'an in 1945 , the son of Yu Qiwei ( better known as Huang Jing ) , a Communist revolutionary , and Fan Jin , a frontline journalist .
William J. Hume was born to Jaquelin H. Hume the co - founder of Basic American Foods , the world 's largest supplier of dried potato and bean products , and Caroline Howard Hume , a philanthropist .
In October 1945 , Yvonne de Gaulle bought the Château de Vert - Cœur at Milon - la - Chapelle ( Yvelines ) , where they installed a private hospital for handicapped young girls : the Fondation Anne de Gaulle .
Cusi Cram was born in Manhattan , New York City , New York , on September 22 , 1967 , to Lady Jeanne Campbell , daughter of Ian Campbell , 11th Duke of Argyll and granddaughter of Max Aitken , Lord Beaverbrook , and John Cram III , a decedent of railroad developer Jay Gould .
Semele ( /ˈsɛməli/ ; Greek : Σεμέλη Semelē ) , in Greek mythology , daughter of the Boeotian hero Cadmus and Harmonia , was the mortal mother of Dionysus by Zeus in one of his many origin myths .
In the Akkadian epic Enuma Elish , Kishar is the daughter of Lahmu and Lahamu , the first children of Tiamat and Abzu .
American Pharoah 's dam , Littleprincessemma , was purchased by Zayat in 2007 for $ 250,000 .
Thomas de Mowbray , 4th Earl of Norfolk , 2nd Earl of Nottingham , 8th Baron Segrave , 7th Baron Mowbray ( 1385 -- 8 June 1405 ) , English nobleman and rebel , was the son of Thomas de Mowbray , 1st Duke of Norfolk and Lady Elizabeth FitzAlan .
Sir William Maule was the eldest son of Sir Peter Maule and Christina de Valognes , Baron and Baroness of Panmure and Benvie .
Mary Stewart , Countess of Arran ( 13 May 1453 -- May 1488 ) was the elder daughter of James II of Scotland and Mary of Guelders .
Mallory Reaves ( born 1984 to parents Michael Reaves and Brynne Chandler ) , is a writer from Southern California .
Marty McFly is the youngest of three children from George McFly and Lorraine Baines - McFly .
John Carteret Pilkington ( 1730 - 1763 ) was an Irish singer and writer who left lively memoirs of his early life and collaborated on the memoirs of his mother Laetitia Pilkington .
Maria Maddalena de ' Medici ( 29 June 1600 -- 28 December 1633 ) was an Tuscan princess , the eighth daughter of Ferdinando I and Christina of Lorraine , making her the sister of Cosimo II .
Prince Hermann Friedrich of Leiningen ( born 16 April 1963 ) is the younger son of Prince Karl of Leiningen and his wife Princess Marie Louise of Bulgaria .
One was Smarty Jones , the product of a breeding between their winningest horse , the mare I 'll Get Along , and the stallion Elusive Quality .
Henry Stuart , Duke of Gloucester ( 8 July 1640 -- 13 September 1660 ) was the youngest son of Charles I and his wife , Henrietta Maria of France , the third son to survive to adulthood ( his eldest brother , Charles , Duke of Cornwall and of Rothesay was born and died the same day ) .
Vessel inscriptions , labels and sealings from the graves of Hor - Aha and Queen Neithhotep suggest that this queen died during the reign of Aha .
Jessika Gedin is the daughter of translator Lena Fries - Gedin and niece of the book publisher Per Gedin .
Princess Chulabhorn Walailak ( Thai : จุฬาภรณวลัยลักษณ์ ; Thai pronunciation : ( tɕù.lāː.pʰɔːn.wá.lāj.lák ) ; rtgs : Chulaphon Walailak ; born 4 July 1957 , Bangkok ) or Chulabhorn Mahidol is a princess of Thailand , the youngest daughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Queen Sirikit .
Duryodhana ( Sanskrit : दुर्योधन ) is a major character in the Hindu epic Mahabharata and was the eldest of the Kauravas , the hundred sons of blind king Dhritarashtra and Queen Gandhari .
Cao Ang was the first son of Cao Cao and his concubine Lady Liu ( 劉夫人 ) .
Orithyia ( /ɒrɨˈθaɪ.ə/ ; Greek : Ὠρείθυια Ōreithuia ; Latin : Ōrīthyia ) was the daughter of King Erechtheus of Athens and his wife , Praxithea , in Greek mythology .
Acrisius ( /əˈkraɪsiəs/ ; Greek : Ἀκρίσιος ) was a mythical king of Argos , and a son of Abas and Aglaea ( or Ocalea , depending on the author ) , grandson of Lynceus , great - grandson of Danaus .
Catherine Henriette de Bourbon ( 11 November 1596 -- 20 June 1663 ) was an illegitimate daughter of King Henry IV of France and his long - term maîtresse en titre Gabrielle d'Estrées .
Bethuel ( Hebrew : בתואל‎ Bəṯū’êl , `` house of God '' ) , in the Hebrew Bible , was an Aramean man , the youngest son of Nahor and Milcah , the nephew of Abraham , and the father of Laban and Rebecca .
Plato 's mother was Perictione , whose family boasted of a relationship with the famous Athenian lawmaker and lyric poet Solon .
Princess Isabella of Bavaria ( Isabella Maria Elisabeth ; 31 August 1863 -- 26 February 1924 ) was the third child and eldest daughter of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria and his wife Infanta Amelia Philippina of Spain .
The daughter of a famous writer , Ru Zhijuan , and a father who was denounced as a Rightist when she was three years old , Wang Anyi writes that she `` was born and raised in a thoroughfare , Huaihai Road . ''
Princess Charlotte of Schaumburg - Lippe ( 10 October 1864 - -16 July 1946 ) was the daughter of Prince Wilhelm Karl August of Schaumburg - Lippe , and his wife , Princess Bathildis of Anhalt - Dessau .
Isabel Maria de Alcântara , Duchess of Goiás ( 3 May 1824 -- 23 November 1898 ) , was a Brazilian noble , the illegitimate daughter of Emperor Pedro I of Brazil and Domitila de Castro , Marchioness of Santos .
Pindar calls Orpheus `` the father of songs '' and identifies him as a son of the Greek Thracian king Oeagrus and the Muse Calliope .
Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans , Duchess of Montpensier , ( 27 May 1627 -- 5 April 1693 ) known as La Grande Mademoiselle , was the eldest daughter of Gaston d'Orléans , and his first wife Marie de Bourbon , Duchess of Montpensier .
Neferneferuaten Tasherit or Neferneferuaten junior ( 14th century BCE ) was an Ancient Egyptian princess of the 18th dynasty and the fourth daughter of Pharaoh Akhenaten and his Great Royal Wife Nefertiti .
Anna d'Este was born on 16 November 1531 , the eldest daughter of the Duke of Ferrara Ercole II ( son of Lucrezia Borgia and grandson of Pope Alexander VI ) and his wife , Renée of France ( daughter of King Louis XII of France ) .
Adrestia ( Greek : Ἀδρήστεια ) in Greek mythology ' she who can not be escaped ' was the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite and known to accompany her father Ares to war .
Charles d'Évreux ( 1305 -- September 5 , 1336 ) was the son of Louis , Count of Évreux and Margaret of Artois .
Princess Tatiana Constantinovna of Russia ( Княжна Татьяна Константиовна ) ( 23 January 1890 - -28 August 1979 ) was the third child and oldest daughter of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia by his wife , Elisaveta Mavrikievna , née Princess Elisabeth of Saxe - Altenburg .
Olivia Putman is a French designer , daughter to Andrée Putman and heir to her mother 's design studio , Studio Putman .
Cassavetes was born in New York City , the son of Greek American Katherine Cassavetes ( née Demetre ) , who was to be featured in some of his films , and Greek immigrant Nicholas John Cassavetes .
Akshara Haasan was born on 12 October 1991 in Chennai , Tamil Nadu to actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur .
A'Lelia Walker was born Lelia McWilliams in Vicksburg , Mississippi , in 1885 , the daughter of Moses McWilliams and the woman later known as Madam C. J. Walker .
Georg Donatus , Hereditary Grand Duke of Hesse ( Georg Donatus Wilhelm Nikolaus Eduard Heinrich Karl , 8 November 1906 -- 16 November 1937 ) was the first child of Ernest Louis , Grand Duke of Hesse and Princess Eleonore of Solms - Hohensolms - Lich .
The Yser ( French : l'Yser , Dutch : IJzer ) is a river that rises in French Flanders ( the north of France ) , enters the Belgian province of West Flanders and flows into the North Sea at the town of Nieuwpoort .
The Slab Fork is a tributary of the Guyandotte River , 15.1 miles ( 24.3 km ) long , in southern West Virginia in the United States .
The Christina River is a tributary of the Delaware River , approximately 35 miles ( 56 km ) long , in northern Delaware in the United States , also flowing through small areas of southeastern Pennsylvania and northeastern Maryland .
Krui River rises on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , below Oxleys Peak , at Mount Palmer and flows generally southwest , joined by six minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River near Comiala Flat .
The Macmillan River is a tributary , approximately 320 kilometres ( 200 mi ) long , of the Pelly River in the Yukon Territory of northwestern Canada .
The Weesener Bach , also called the Lutterbach , is a tributary of the river Örtze in northern Germany .
The Koyna River is a tributary of the Krishna River which originates in Mahableshwar , Satara district , western Maharashtra , India .
The Brăteni River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania .
The Impey River is a river in the Mid West of Western Australia which rises south of Mount Murchison and flows east - north - east until it merges with the Murchison River of which it is a tributary .
The Dürre Ager River flows through the Attergau area in Upper Austria from South to North and joins the Vöckla River at Timelkam .
Montour Run is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County , Pennsylvania .
The Inambari River in southeastern Peru flows 210 miles ( 340 km ) from the Cordillera Apolobamba in the Andes to the Madre de Dios River .
The Econlockhatchee River ( Econ River for short ) is a 87.7-kilometre - long ( 54.5 mi ) north - flowing blackwater tributary of the St. Johns River , the longest river in the U.S. state of Florida .
The Kasai River ( called Cassai in Angola ) is a tributary of the Congo River , located in central Africa .
The Sava ( Slovene pronunciation : ( ˈsàːʋa ) , Serbo - Croatian : ( sǎːʋa ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Сава ) is a river in Central Europe , a right side tributary of the Danube .
The Kanawha River ( /kəˈnɔː/ kə - NAW or /kəˈnɔːə/ kə - NAW - ə ) is a tributary of the Ohio River , approximately 97 mi ( 156 km ) long , in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Salmon Falls Creek is a tributary of the Snake River , flowing from northern Nevada into Idaho in the United States .
The Feather River is the principal tributary of the Sacramento River , in the Sacramento Valley of Northern California .
The Walhonding River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River , 23.5 miles ( 37.8 km ) long , in east - central Ohio in the United States .
From there the Wörpe flows through Wilstedt and Grasberg before finally discharging into the Wümme near Lilienthal .
The Dadau is a tributary of the river Hunte .
The Ötztaler Ache is a right tributary of the Inn River in the Imst ( district ) and flows through the Ötztal valley with a length of appr .
The Fuhse is a stream of Lower Saxony , Germany , a left tributary of the Aller .
Nahal Taninim ( Hebrew : נחל תנינים‎ , lit . Crocodile Stream ) is a river in Israel , originating near Ramot Menashe and emptying into the Mediterranean Sea south of Ma'agan Michael .
Bamboes Spruit , ( or Bamboesspruit ) is a River in the North West Province of South Africa , and a tributary to the Vaal River , running into the Bloemhof Dam .
The Lambro ( Western Lombard : Lamber or Lambar ) is a river of Lombardy , northern Italy , a left tributary of the Po .
Shade Creek is a tributary of Stonycreek River in Somerset County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
The Belle Fourche River ( pronounced bel FOOSH ; Lakota : Šahíyela Wakpá ) is a tributary of the Cheyenne River , approximately 290 miles ( 470 km ) long , in the U.S. states of Wyoming and South Dakota .
The Brandenberger Ache River is a 22 km long left tributary of the Inn River in the district Kufstein and flows from North to South to the town of Rattenberg where it merges with the Inn River .
The Hotham River is one of the major tributaries of the Murray River in Western Australia .
Formed by the confluence of the Coolagolite Creek and Nutleys Creek , near Bermagui South , the Bermagui River flows generally east , before reaching its mouth into the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean near Bermagui .
The Ubangi River ( /juːˈbæŋɡi/ or /uːˈbæŋɡi/ ) , also spelled Oubangui , is the largest right - bank tributary of the Congo River in the region of Central Africa .
The Tashkurgan River runs through Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County and is one of the tributaries of the Yarkand River in the Tarim Basin .
The Sambre is a river in northern France and in Wallonia , Belgium , left tributary of the Meuse River .
The São Gonçalo Channel ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w̃ ɡõˈsalu ) ) is a navigable channel connecting two large coastal lagoons , Lagoa Mirim and Lagoa dos Patos , in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil .
The Breakfast Creek ( Aboriginal : Barrambin ) is a small urban stream that is a tributary of the Brisbane River , located in suburban Brisbane in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
The Ebola River , also commonly known by its indigenous name Legbala , is the headstream of the Mongala River , a tributary of the Congo River , in northern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Thuli River , former name Tuli River , is a major tributary of the Shashe River in Zimbabwe .
The Athabasca River travels 1,231 km ( 765 mi ) before draining into the Peace - Athabasca Delta near Lake Athabasca south of Fort Chipewyan .
The river rises below the King Leopold Ranges and flows in a westerly direction through the Lennard River Gorge and the Windjana Gorge before merging with the Meda River .
Mammy Johnsons River rises on the southwestern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , below Winns Mountain , north northwest of Bulahdelah , and flows generally north , west and south , joined by four tributaries including Wards River , before reaching its confluence with the Karuah River north northwest of Stroud .
Shickshinny Creek ( historically known as Shickohinna ) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in the Wyoming Valley in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
The Romaine River drains into the Jacques Cartier Strait , opposite the Mingan Archipelago , that is part of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence .
Picanoc River ( pikanak or pakânâk ) is tributary of Gatineau River , flowing in the administrative region of Outaouais region of Quebec , Canada .
The Mzingwane River , formerly known Umzingwane River as or Umzingwani River is a major left - bank tributary of the Limpopo River in Zimbabwe .
The Geumho River flows through North Gyeongsang Province , South Korea , and drains into the Nakdong River .
Hinksey Stream is a branch of the River Thames to the west of the city of Oxford , England .
The Brisbane River is the longest river in the south east region of Queensland , Australia , and flows through the city of Brisbane , before emptying into Moreton Bay .
The Erdre is a river in western France , right tributary to the Loire .
The Chambly Canal is a National Historic Site of Canada in the Province of Quebec , running along the Richelieu River past Saint - Jean - sur - Richelieu , Carignan , and Chambly .
The Andelle is a river of Normandy , France , 56.8 kilometres ( 35.3 mi ) in length , flowing through the departments of Seine - Maritime and Eure .
The Wa River ( Thai : ลำน้ำว้า ) is a river of the Thai highlands in Thailand , a tributary of the Nan River , part of the Chao Phraya River basin .
Nahal Poleg is a stream in the Sharon plain in Israel that empties into the Mediterranean Sea between Netanya and the Wingate Institute .
Hawthorne Canal and Iron Cove Creek are two significant tributaries that flow into Iron Cove , where it flows into Parramatta River , before connecting with Port Jackson .
Manuel Bravo Paredes ( February 17 , 1897 - November , 1973 ) was a Chilean footballer who participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Safer Sali ( Albanian : Safer Sali , Serbo - Croatian : Сафер Сали ) ( born 3 June 1946 , in Veles , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former freestyle wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia .
Walter Dick ( September 20 , 1905 in Kirkintilloch , Scotland -- July 24 , 1989 in Lafayette , California ) was a U.S. soccer forward who was a member of the U.S. national team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Hastings Bwalya ( born 25 August 1985 ) is a Zambian boxer who won the 2007 All - Africa Games at junior welter , and then competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Carlos Espejo is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 200 m breaststroke .
Kelly Gunther ( born August 14 , 1987 ) is an American speed skater participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Nurzhan Karimzhanov ( born May 30 , 1980 ) is a Kazakhstani boxer , who won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games in the Junior Welterweight division .
Kelly Geraghty ( born 11 July 1977 ) is an Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Jeronimas Milius was elected to represent his country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 on 2 February 2008 collecting 11 674 votes leaving Aistė Pilvelytė with Troy on Fire close behind whose backing vocalist he was in the national final for Eurovision Song Contest 2006 .
Antoine Valois - Fortier ( born 13 March 1990 ) is a Canadian judoka who won the bronze medal in the Men 's -81 kg category at the Judo at the 2012 Summer Olympics , making him the first Canadian to win a medal in Olympic Judo in twelve years and the fifth to win one in Olympic history .
Mireia García Sánchez ( born July 31 , 1981 in Viladecans , Catalonia ) is a former butterfly swimmer from Spain , who competed for her native country at 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Frederick Charles Delahaye , sometimes spelled Delahay or Delahey ( March 19 , 1905 -- March 17 , 1973 ) , was a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics .
Zlatan Arnautović ( born September 2 1956 in Prijedor , Bosnia and Herzegovina , then Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Malcolm Poole ( born 6 November 1949 ) is a retired field hockey player from Australia , who was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Peter Pospíšil ( April 24 , 1944 in Bratislava -- April 17 , 2006 in Bratislava ) was a Czechoslovak / Slovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Tamás Molnár ( born August 2 , 1975 in Szeged ) is a Hungarian water polo player , who played on the gold medal squads at the 2000 Summer Olympics , 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Olympics .
L. H. Clermont was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team won Haiti 's first ever Olympic medal , a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Mikael Olander ( born June 11 , 1963 ) is a retired decathlete from Sweden , who finished in 17th place ( 7869 points ) at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Robert Foquet ( born May 6 , 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a French boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Malcolm Lincoln , together with a group of backing vocalists called Manpower 4 , won the competition Eesti Laul 2010 with the song `` Siren '' and represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 .
Pier Paolo Lucchetta ( born January 14 , 1963 ) is an Italian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Akira Ōta ( born 8 April 1957 in Akita ) is a Japanese former wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics , in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Godfrey Kelly ( born 21 December 1928 ) is a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics , in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Ana Galindo Santolaria ( born 16 August 1973 ) is a Spanish former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and in the 2002 Winter Olympics .
Mindaugas Mizgaitis ( born October 14 , 1979 in Kaunas , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian amateur wrestler , who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Giuseppe Ghedina ( 1898 -- 1986 ) was an Italian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Carly Dixon ( born 27 July 1973 ) is an Australian former judoka who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Katarína Lamrichová ( née Beňušková , born October 21 , 1956 in Partizánske ) is a former Czechoslovak / Slovak handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Gunnar Hallkvist ( January 10 , 1919 -- February 1 , 2014 ) was a Swedish speed skater who competed at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo .
Konstantinos Giataganas or Konstantinos Yataganas ( 12 October 1920 -- 1997 ) was a Greek shot putter and discus thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Sven Paris ( born December 17 , 1980 ) is an Italian amateur boxer who competed in the light welterweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Shohei Kasahara ( born 21 July 1939 ) is a Japanese former hammer thrower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Teneal Attard ( born 16 March 1985 ) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Artsem Mikhalenka ( Belarusian : Арцём Міхаленка ; born 23 January 1990 ) , born in Byelorussian SSR , USSR is a singer who represented Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo as part of the band 3 + 2 .
Emil Beyer ( November 22 , 1876 in New York City -- October 15 , 1934 in New York City ) was an American gymnast and track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Hamid Ait Bighrade ( born May 13 , 1976 ) is a Moroccan boxer who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Hugo Herrnhof ( born September 21 , 1964 in Bormio ) is a retired Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics , 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics .
József Csík ( born 1 January 1946 in Üllő ) is a Hungarian former javelin thrower who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Jaroslav Balcar ( 27 March 1953 -- 4 April 2015 ) was a Czechoslovak ski jumper who competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Victoriano Alberto Zorrilla ( April 6 , 1906 -- April 23 , 1986 ) was an Argentine swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Zoltán Adamik ( 20 October 1928 -- 7 December 1992 ) was a Hungarian sprinter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Robert Haigh ( born 27 March 1945 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is a retired hockey player from Australia , who won two Olympic silver medals as a member of the national team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Walter Marti ( born April 1 , 1910 , date of death unknown ) is a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Tommaso Lequio di Assaba ( October 21 , 1893 -- December 17 , 1965 ) was an Italian horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics , 1924 Summer Olympics , and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Emma Davis ( born March 27 , 1986 in Bangor , County Down ) is an Irish triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Luciano Magistrelli ( 14 February 1938 -- 19 December 2011 ) was an Italian footballer who made 125 appearances in Serie A for Atalanta , played for several other clubs , and competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome .
Mario Lertora ( September 21 , 1897 -- March 28 , 1939 ) was an Italian artistic gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics , in the 1928 Summer Olympics , and in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Bim Diederich ( 20 February 1922 -- 6 December 2012 ) , also known as Jean Diederich , was a professional Luxembourgian road bicycle racer , with an impressive record in the Tour de France .
Maxwell Amponsah ( born 9 October 1986 ) is a Ghanaian boxer who had qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the heavyweight event .
Andrey Belofastov ( born 2 October 1969 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a Russian former water polo player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Enrico Chieffi ( born 11 April 1963 ) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Elisa Togut ( born May 14 , 1978 in Gorizia ) is an Italian volleyball player who represented Italy at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Paul Willführ ( October 30 , 1885 , Hanover -- April 22 , 1922 ) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Yoko Yoneda ( born 22 November 1975 ) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Bouke Benenga ( March 27 , 1888 in Rotterdam -- January 4 , 1968 in Rotterdam ) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Hou Yuzhu ( Chinese : 侯玉珠 ; pinyin : Hóu Yùzhū ; born February 7 , 1963 ) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Jiří Feureisl ( born 3 October 1931 ) is a Czechoslovak football forward who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1958 FIFA World Cup , scoring a goal in the 6 - 1 win over Argentina .
Zhang Jingsong ( born 2 September 1973 ) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Genebert Basadre ( born January 5 , 1984 ) is an amateur boxer from the Philippines who competed in the Lightweight ( -60 kg ) division at the 2006 Asian Games winning the bronze medal in a lost bout against China 's Hu Qing 8 - 29- .
István Lévai ( born July 23 , 1957 ) is a former boxer from Hungary , who won the bronze medal in the Heavyweight division ( 91 kg ) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Alexander Baronjan ( born 22 March 1976 ) is a German former yacht racer who participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Anton Janda ( 1 May 1904 -- 1986 ) was an Austrian football defender who played for Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Giuseppe Crivelli ( October 5 , 1900 -- November 17 , 1975 ) was an Italian rower and bobsledder who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics .
Sebastiano Mannironi ( 22 July 1930 -- 11 June 2015 ) was an Italian weightlifter who competed at the 1956 , 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics ; he won a bronze medal in 1960 and finished fifth in 1964 .
At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal Frank Baumgartl won the Olympic bronze medal in a new personal best time of 8:10.36 minutes .
Raquel Acinas Poncelas is a Spanish cyclist who has represented Spain at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics in both road and track events .
Oliver Eggimann ( 28 January 1919 -- 6 April 2002 ) was a Swiss football midfielder who played for Switzerland in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Choi Yung - keun ( Hangul : 최영근 , Hanja : 崔榮根 ; 8 February 1923 -- 20 July 1994 ) is a South Korean football forward who played for the South Korea in the 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Julius Keyl ( December 8 , 1877 -- November 15 , 1959 ) was a German track and field athlete and gymnast who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1906 Summer Olympics .
Sarah Gibbins ( born 10 June 1970 in Northampton , Northamptonshire , England ) is a sport shooter who represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Gösta Dunker ( Sandviken , September 16 , 1905 - June 5 , 1973 ) was a footballer from Sweden who participated in 1934 FIFA World Cup , scoring one goal in the game versus Germany .
Chelsea Hammond ( born August 2 , 1983 in New York City ) is a Jamaican long jumper , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Bryan Gibson ( born November 10 , 1947 in Kentville , Nova Scotia ) is a retired boxer from Canada , who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics , and is the first boxer of African descent from Nova Scotia ( and possibly all of Canada ) to compete in the Olympics .
Anders Mårtensson ( February 17 , 1893 -- July 17 , 1973 ) was a Swedish equestrian vaulter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Seyed Shamseddin Seyed - Abbasi ( Persian : سید شمس الدین سیدعباسی‎‎ , February 5 , 1943 , Tehran -- March 16 , 2004 , Tehran ) was an Iranian wrestler who won a bronze medal in freestyle at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
On 9 February 2006 , the Bosnian television network PBSBiH announced that Hari Varešanović would represent Bosnia and Herzegovina with the song `` Lejla '' at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 .
Gaia Bassani Antivari ( born July 8 , 1978 ) is an alpine skier who competed for Azerbaijan at the 2010 Winter Olympics , and 2014 .
Andrew Gajda ( February 26 , 1907 -- June 4 , 1956 ) was an American soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Gabriel Charles Jean Le Bret ( October 26 , 1872 , Paris -- December 23 , 1947 Paris ) was a sailor from France , who represented his country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Meulan , France .
Steven Ferguson competed in the 100 m and 200 m breaststroke at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , but did not pass the qualifying heats .
Kemal Özçelik ( born 1924 ) is a Turkish former equestrian who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Violetta Quesada ( born July 11 , 1947 ) is a retired sprinter from Cuba who helped win a silver medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1968 Summer Olympics , the first Olympic medal ever achieved by Cuban women .
Mauro Calligaris ( 6 May 1952 -- 8 August 2000 ) was an Italian swimmer , who competed in the 400 m individual medley event at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Verka Borisova ( later Stoyanova , Bulgarian : Верка Борисова , later Стоянова , born February 26 , 1955 ) is a Bulgarian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Christiano Rodeghiero ( born April 22 , 1915 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian cross - country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
The 1984 Summer Olympics event in Los Angeles was Ulrike Meyfarth 's last major championship .
María Noel Barrionuevo ( born 16 May 1984 ) is an Argentine field hockey player who won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London with the national field hockey team .
Rivaldo starred alongside Ronaldo and Ronaldinho in the 2002 FIFA World Cup winning team .
Like the Rijeka group Put four years earlier , E.N.I. was created out of Putokazi in order to compete in at the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 with the song `` Probudi me '' .
Alejandro Arteche ( born 15 February 1923 ) is a Spanish former boxer who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Georges Damitio ( 20 May 1924 -- 7 September 1994 ) was a French high jumper who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Sandor Rivnyak ( Hungarian : Sándor Rivnyák , born October 31 , 1937 ) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
In May 2011 , Kim Kyungah qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Maikro Romero ( born December 9 , 1972 ) is a Cuban boxer , who won the gold medal in the Men 's Flyweight ( -- 51 kg ) category at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .
Louis Peglion ( 8 March 1906 in Marseille -- 15 August 1986 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer , who won one stage in the 1930 Tour de France .
Alan Lerwill ( born 15 November 1946 ) is a British former long jumper who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Albert Hare ( 12 May 1887 -- 23 December 1969 ) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm , Sweden .
Manyo Plange ( born January 18 , 1988 ) is a Ghanaian boxer who won silver at the 2007 All - Africa Games and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Sven Gösta Bergkvist ( 29 March 1920 -- 5 October 2015 ) was a Swedish athlete who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , where he finished fifth out of 36 competitors in the men 's 1500 metres event .
Bruno Petrarca ( born December 25 , 1906 , date of death unknown ) is an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Kornelia Kunisch ( born 17 October 1959 in Lübben ( Spreewald ) ) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Lalita Yauhleuskaya ( born 1963 in Belarus ) is a professional sporting shooter who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney representing Belarus and currently represents Australia in international competition .
Petra Kulichová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpɛtra ˈkulɪxovaː ) ; born 13 September 1984 ) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics , the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Rod Owen - Jones ( born 6 January 1970 ) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Cheung King Wai ( traditional Chinese : 張敬煒 ; simplified Chinese : 张敬炜 ; Jyutping : zoeng1 ging3 wai5 , born 3 September 1985 ) is a racing cyclist from Hong Kong , China who won a gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the points race .
Guy Thomas competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece for the New Zealand Olympic team and also rode for the New Zealand Team at the 2010 World Equestrian Games in Lexington , KY .
Courtney Carl Williams ( born 31 January 1991 in Kingstown , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ) is a Vincentian runner who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 100 m event .
Jan Heřmánek ( May 28 , 1907 -- May 13 , 1978 ) was a Czechoslovak / Czech boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Boniface Merande ( born 13 February 1962 ) is a retired Kenyan long - distance runner , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Piotr Ugrumov ( Latvian : Pēteris Ugrjumovs , Russian : Пётр Угрюмов ) ( born January 21 , 1961 in Riga ) is a former Russian professional road racing cyclist who participated for Latvia after the dissolution of the Soviet Union , though he was a part of the Russian delegation at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Eli Matheson ( born 12 July 1983 in Lithgow , New South Wales ) is a field hockey striker who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
John Konrads ( Latvian : Jānis Konrads ; born 21 May 1942 ) is an Australian former freestyle swimmer of the 1950s and 1960s , who won the 1500 m freestyle at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome .
Isaac Bentham ( 27 October 1886 Lancashire -- 5 May 1917 ) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Miyuki Nakagawa ( born 20 December 1986 ) is a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Pan Yan ( Chinese : 潘岩 , born 22 September 1973 ) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Wendy Aguilar ( born 14 May 1972 ) is a Mexican former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Elaina Oden ( born March 21 , 1967 in Orange , California ) is a former volleyball player from the United States , who won the bronze medal with the United States women 's national volleyball team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Reni Yordanova ( Bulgarian : Рени Йорданова , born October 25 , 1953 ) is a Bulgarian rower who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Bogdan Rath ( born 28 June 1972 ) is a Romanian and later Italian water polo player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
José Carlos Souza Júnior ( born July 13 , 1971 ) is a former international swimmer from Brazil , who participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country .
David Abrard ( born November 27 , 1976 in Sainte - Adresse , Seine - Maritime ) is a retired butterfly swimmer from France , who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Nikolay Podgornov ( Николай Подгорнов ) was a sailor from Russia , who represented his country at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Nynäshamn , Sweden in the 8 Metre
Joachim Spremberg ( November 3 , 1908 , Berlin -- 1975 ) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles .
Rainer Seifert ( born on 10 December 1947 in Wiesbaden ) is a former field hockey player from Germany , who was a member of the West German squad that won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich .
Christiane Pilz ( born August 3 , 1975 in Karl - Marx - Stadt , Saxony ) is a triathlete from Germany , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Karl Martin Lauer ( born 2 January 1937 ) is a retired West German sprinter who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m relay at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Halland Britton ( 18 February 1890 -- 11 February 1975 ) was an English long - distance runner who finished sixth in the 10 km race at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Rosario Luchetti ( born 4 June 1984 ) is an Argentine field hockey player , who won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Olympic Games , in London with the national women 's hockey team .
Kim Byung - hoon ( born 22 October 1982 ) is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Holger Behrendt competed for East Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he received a gold medal in rings , a silver medal in team combined exercises , and a bronze medal in horizontal bar .
Angelika Kraus ( born 9 May 1950 in Celle ) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Viktor Šnajder ( 17 June 1934 -- 28 November 2014 ) was a Croatian sprinter who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Alma Qeramixhi ( born November 14 , 1963 in Korçë ) is an Albanian heptathlete who represented her country in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Anna Cecilia Sahlin ( born 11 May 1976 ) , known professionally as Anna Sahlene and formerly by the one - word stage name Sahlene , is a Swedish performer best known as a singer : she placed third at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with `` Runaway '' the Estonian Eurovision entrant for 2002 .
Hans Ott ( born February 28 , 1930 ) is a Swiss former ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo .
Christophe Tiozzo ( born June 1 , 1963 in St. Denis , France ) is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Ramazan Şahin ( born Ramzan Irbaikhanov ( Russian : Рамзан Ирбайханов ) , July 8 , 1983 ) is a Russian - Turkish freestyle wrestler of Chechen descent , who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jean - Claude Brondani ( born 2 February 1944 ) is a French former judoka who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Richard Grady ( born 28 April 1955 ) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Jan Økseter ( born 19 February 1945 in Aurdal , Oppland ) is a retired Norwegian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Michele Antonioli ( born 31 January 1977 in Bormio ) is an Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and in the 2002 Winter Olympics .
Salomon Konijn ( 14 January 1874 , Amsterdam -- 15 March 1932 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Vincent Clarico ( born 8 January 1966 in Saint - Denis , France ) is a French former hurdler who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Dominika Kopcik ( born 27 October 1988 ) is a Canadian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Thomas Saisi ( born 19 July 1945 ) is a retired Kenyan 800 metres runner who finished seventh at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City .
Gilles Buck ( born 1 March 1935 ) born in Troyes is a French sailor who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Gerhard Potma ( 29 August 1967 , in Sneek -- 31 March 2006 , in Sneek ) was a sailor from the Netherlands , who represented his country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Jean - Noël Fagot ( born December 9 , 1958 ) is a former ice speed skater from France , who represented his native country at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia .
Eustacio Chamorro was a Paraguayan football defender who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup .
Emma Carrick - Anderson ( born 17 June 1975 ) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics , in the 1994 Winter Olympics , in the 1998 Winter Olympics , and in the 2002 Winter Olympics .
Léon Flament ( born 26 May 1906 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian rower who won a bronze medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Soma Singh ( born 26 July 1965 ) is a British former international field hockey player , who captained his country and played 145 times for England and GB , represented Great Britain at the 1996 Summer Olympics Games in Atlanta .
Hanna Olsen ( 23 June 1889 -- 10 June 1990 ) was a Swedish fencer who competed at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Adriana Camelli ( born 1928 ) is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Lori - Ann Muenzer ( born May 21 , 1966 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian track cyclist and gold medal winning athlete at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the Match Sprint .
Chester Bowman ( November 22 , 1901 -- May 31 , 1936 ) was an American sprinter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Zhang Enjian ( born 1988 - 01 - 12 in Tianjin ) is a Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Danijel Furtula ( 31 July 1992 in Mojkovac ) is a Montenegrin discus thrower who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics , coming in 20th in qualification group 2 and not advancing .
Tsui Wan Yi ( born 11 September 1984 ) is a fencer from Hong Kong , who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women 's sabre team competition .
Jaime Fortier ( born 4 June 1970 ) is a Canadian former cross - country skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and in the 2002 Winter Olympics .
Richard Craig Oppel ( born August 10 , 1967 ) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Jürgen Colombo ( born 2 September 1949 ) is a retired track cyclist from West Germany , who won the gold medal in the Men 's 4000 m Team Pursuit at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , alongside Günther Schumacher , Günter Haritz , and Udo Hempel .
Cheryl Maas ( born 28 September 1984 in Uden , Noord - Brabant ) is a Dutch snowboarder , who competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino , finishing 11th at the halfpipe in which she is specialised .
Matylda Matoušková - Šínová ( born 29 March 1933 in Brno ) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics , in the 1956 Summer Olympics , and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Roxbert Martin ( born 5 November 1969 in Saint Ann , Jamaica ) is a former Jamaican 400 metres runner , who was selected for the Jamaican 4x400 metres relay team at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal .
Seiichi Takamura ( born 11 December 1960 ) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Hans Scheele ( 18 December 1908 in Kirchwärder -- 23 July 1941 ) was a German athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Haidar Abdel - Shafi ( Heidar Abdul - Shafi ) ( Arabic : حيدر عبد الشافي‎ June 10 , 1919 -- September 25 , 2007 ) was a Palestinian physician , community leader and political leader who was the head of the Palestinian delegation to the Madrid Conference of 1991 .
Edward Wojda ( 26 July 1941 in Żyliny -- 21 March 1990 in Gdańsk ) was a Polish wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Nenad Vukanić ( born May 16 , 1974 in Kotor ) is a water polo player who played for FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ronodji Niakaken ( born August 11 , 1965 ) is a long distance athlete who competed internationally for Chad Niakaken represented Chad at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , he competed in the 5000 metres where he finished 19th in his heat and therefore did not qualify for the next round .
Rhys Howden ( born 2 April 1987 ) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Yvonne Tousek - Renne ( born February 23 , 1980 in Kitchener , Ontario ) is a retired artistic gymnast who competed for her native Canada in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Michelle Guerette ( born October 6 , 1980 ) is an American rower who competed in the Women 's Quadruple Sculls event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Renáta Hiráková ( born 27 May 1971 in Košice ) is a Slovak former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Rambo Amadeus represented Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku , Azerbaijan , with the song `` Euro Neuro '' .
José Luis Munguía Linares ( 28 October 1959 -- 24 March 1985 ) was a football player from El Salvador who was a non - playing squad member at the 1982 FIFA World Cup Finals in Spain .
István Mudin ( October 16 , 1881 -- July 22 , 1918 ) was a Hungarian athlete who competed at the 1906 Intercalated Games and the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Nikolaos Siranidis ( Greek : Νικόλαος Σιρανίδης ; born 26 February 1976 ) is a Greek diver who competed in the synchronised 3 metre springboard competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Eliecer Montes de Oca is a one time Gold medalist for baseball , winning at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Zoltán Blum , also known as Zoltán Virág ( 3 January 1892 -- 25 December 1959 ) was a Hungarian amateur football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Juraj Amšel ( 17 December 1924 -- 7 August 1988 ) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Reiner Gies ( born March 12 , 1963 in Kaiserslautern , Rhineland - Palatinate ) was a German boxer who won a Light Welterweight Bronze Medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics for West Germany .
Kayoko Sugiyama ( Japanese : 杉山 加代子 ; born October 31 , 1961 ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Andrew Murray Charlton ( 12 August 1907 -- 10 December 1975 ) , known popularly as Boy Charlton , was an Australian freestyle swimmer of the 1920s and 1930s who won a gold medal in the 1500 m freestyle at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris .
Anke Möhring ( born 28 August 1969 in Magdeburg , Saxony - Anhalt ) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany , who won the bronze medal in the 400 m freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Hartmut Losch ( 11 September 1943 in Angermünde -- 26 March 1997 in Neu Fahrland ) was a German athlete who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Issaka Hassane ( born January 3 , 1959 ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competed internationally for Chad Hassane represented Chad at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles .
Oyuunbilegiin Pürevbaatar ( born 23 November 1973 ) is a Mongolian former wrestler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Tracey Mosley ( born 25 September 1973 in Sydney , Australia ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Simon Agoston ( born 5 April 1977 ) is a Hungarian - born triathlete from Austria , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Lisa Angell ( born Virginie Vetrano , 21 September 1968 in Paris ) is a French singer who represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song `` N'oubliez pas '' .
Aleksandrs Jackēvičs ( born March 25 , 1958 in Dobele ) is a Latvian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Emil Seidler ( March 13 , 1914 - date of death unknown ) was an Austrian ice hockey player who competed for the Austrian national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
Günter Haritz ( born 16 October 1948 ) is a retired road and track cyclist from West Germany , who won the gold medal in the Men 's 4.000 Team Pursuit at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , alongside Günther Schumacher , Jürgen Colombo , and Udo Hempel .
Alexandros Vrasivanopoulos ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Βρασιβανόπουλος , born 1890 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Johannes Gandil ( 21 May 1873 in Ringe -- 7 March 1956 in Ordrup ) was a Danish amateur footballer , who played one game as a forward for the Denmark national football team , winning a silver medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Éric Koloko ( born November 1 1950 in Lille ) is a French dancer and choreographer , who was formerly a gymnast who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Abraham van Olst ( 24 September 1897 , Amsterdam -- 9 April 1964 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Regina Rajchrtová ( born 5 February 1968 ) is a Czech former tennis player who competed for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Marcelino Vargas ( born 1921 - date of death unknown ) is a Paraguayan football goalkeeper who played for Paraguay in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Lawrence Lemieux ( born November 12 , 1955 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian sailor , who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the Star Class and at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the Finn class .
Juan Carlos Bianchi ( born January 22 , 1970 in Maracay ) is a former tennis player from Venezuela , who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia and played collegiate tennis at the University of Alabama for the Alabama Crimson Tide .
Rolf Herings ( born 10 July 1940 ) is a German former javelin thrower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Jan Schur ( born 27 November 1962 in Leipzig ) is a retired track cyclist and road cyclist from East Germany , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Herb Barten ( born January 13 , 1928 ) is an American former middle distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Hans Johnny Höglin ( born 26 February 1943 ) is a Swedish speed skater whose greatest moment was to win a gold medal in the 10000-meter event at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble , France .
Sergey Naumov ( Russian : Серге́й Нау́мов ; born 9 April 1962 ) is a Russian former water polo player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Curt Rottman ( 13 February 1886 , in Dresden -- 13 January 1928 , in New York City ) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Amanda Overland ( born on August 30 , 1981 in Kitchener , Ontario ) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Jamie Lynn Corkish ( formerly Gray , née Beyerle , born May 26 , 1984 ) is an American sport shooter who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Abdul Khalik Juad , also known as Abdul Kalik Mohamed Jawad , ( born November 1930 ) was a weight - lifter who represented Iraq at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo
Petra Niemann ( born 14 August 1978 ) is a German former yacht racer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Mario Chiarini ( born 7 January 1981 ) is an Italian baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
`` Look Through My Eyes '' is a song by English singer Phil Collins from the Brother Bear film soundtrack .
`` I Want to Make the World Turn Around '' was a single from Steve Miller Band 's album Living in the 20th Century , released in November , 1986 .
The Last Encore is the fourth album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak .
`` Buses and Trains '' was the first and most successful single by Australian band Bachelor Girl .
`` All She Wants to Do Is Dance '' is a song written by Danny Kortchmar and performed by Don Henley , co - lead vocalist and drummer for Eagles .
`` Hermetico '' is a song by the Israeli - American electronica - world fusion band Balkan Beat Box .
100 Wayz is the seventh studio album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound .
The Cult of Ray is a 1996 album by Frank Black ( also known as Black Francis . )
Cavity Job was the debut EP by British electronic music duo Autechre , and their first release under the `` Autechre '' name .
`` Get On Your Boots '' is a song by Irish rock band U2 and the sixth track from their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon .
`` Pinky Santa '' is the fourth Japanese single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 4th Japanese single album of the same name which features Japanese actor and actress Taishi Nakagawa and Aoi Yoshikura as its PV models .
`` Jenny Says '' is a song written by drummer and lead singer Fred LeBlanc from Cowboy Mouth 's first studio album , Word Of Mouth in 1992 , as well as their 1996 major label debut album , `` Are You with Me ? ''
`` TV Crimes '' is a song by British rock band Black Sabbath from their 1992 album Dehumanizer .
Eye Catching ( 1993 ) is the debut album by the American experimental pop music group Amoeba .
What a Bunch of Sweeties is a 1972 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies .
Svet je moj ( trans . The World Is Mine ) is the second studio album from Serbian rock band Van Gogh , released in 1991 .
Nekrotisk Inkvisition is the first album by Norwegian black metal band Koldbrann released in 2006 .
Alive II is the second live album ( and eighth overall ) by American hard rock band Kiss , released in 1977 .
`` Life Is a Highway '' is a song written by Tom Cochrane , from his 1991 album Mad Mad World .
Raingods with Zippos is a 1999 Progressive rock album by ex - Marillion vocalist Fish .
Like a Flame is a double - album with free improvisations for organ by Frederik Magle released in December 2010 on the Swedish record label Proprius Music ( PRCD 2061 ) .
The Ways of Freedom is an early album by the Russian jazz musician Sergey Kuryokhin .
`` Boogie with Stu '' is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their 1975 album Physical Graffiti .
`` Does Your Chewing Gum Lose Its Flavour ( On the Bedpost Overnight ? ) '' is a novelty song by Lonnie Donegan .
Storm of the Light 's Bane is the 1995 album release by Swedish black / melodic death metal band Dissection .
`` This Is for You '' is an electro - boogie song recorded by American `` emotio - electro '' band The System .
Loyal to the Game is the ninth studio album and fifth posthumous studio album by Tupac Shakur .
`` Full Moon Full of Love '' is a single by Canadian country music artist k.d . lang .
Second Family is the second full length album by the Long Island pop - punk band Patent Pending .
`` Heart Heart Heartbreak '' is a song written by Boys Like Girls ' lead singer Martin Johnson , along with Sam Hollander and Dave Katz of the production team S*A*M and Sluggo .
`` Original of the Species '' is a song by rock band U2 and the tenth track from their 2004 album , How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb .
`` Neon Knights '' is a song by British rock band Black Sabbath from 1980 's Heaven and Hell , their first album with American vocalist Ronnie James Dio .
`` Another Lover '' , sometimes titled `` ( The World Do n't Need ) Another Lover '' , is a 1988 song by English pop duo Giant Steps , from their debut album The Book of Pride .
Soul Circle is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded between 1964 and 1966 and released on the Prestige label .
Truelove 's Gutter is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley , released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US .
Sunfish Holy Breakfast is an EP by Guided by Voices , a band from Dayton , Ohio .
`` Perdición '' is a song recorded and performed by Spanish / Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación .
`` Shape of You ( Reshaped ) '' ( featuring Hollywood ) `` Shape of You '' ( album version ) `` Whatever 's Clever '' ( Fusion mix ) `` Shape of You ( Reshaped ) '' ( video ) ( featuring Hollywood and Wyclef Jean )
Kraina Mriy ( Ukrainian : Країна Мрій , English : The Land of Dreams ( incorrectly given as `` Cry in a Dream '' ) ) is the debut studio album by Vopli Vidopliassova .
`` Wünsch DIR was '' ( roughly Make a wish ; lit . Wish YOURSELF something ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
So Far From Real is a 2003 album by Cauterize ( previously known as T.O.E. ) .
L'amore è una cosa semplice ( Italian : ( laˈmoːre ɛ una ˈkɔːza ˈsemplitʃe ) ) is the fifth studio album by Italian pop singer - songwriter Tiziano Ferro .
Calling All Stations ( stylised as ... Calling All Stations ... ) is the fifteenth and final studio album by rock band Genesis .
`` The Air That I Breathe '' ( Spanish title : `` Necesito poder respirar '' ) is a ballad written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazlewood , initially recorded by Albert Hammond on his 1972 album It Never Rains in Southern California .
The Low End Theory is the second album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest .
In 0 to ∞ is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. , released in 2010 by Important Records .
`` I 'm Waiting for the Day '' is a song by the American rock band The Beach Boys , taken from their 1966 album Pet Sounds .
The Celts Strike Again is the second studio album by the Serbian Irish folk / Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1997 .
5to Piso ( Quinto Piso , 5th Floor ) is the eleventh studio album by Guatemalan singer - songwriter Ricardo Arjona , released on 18 November 2008 .
Goodnight Oslo is the seventeenth studio album by Robyn Hitchcock , and his second with The Venus 3 .
Devil 's Music is the sixth studio album by Swedish band Teddybears , released March 24 , 2010 , on Sony Music .
`` I Feel So '' is the first single released by Box Car Racer from their eponymous album .
Powerage was re - released in 2003 as part of the AC / DC Remasters series .
Dick at Nite ( Your Favorite TV Themes Loungified ! ) is the seventh album by Richard Cheese .
`` Do n't Treat Me Like a Child '' is the 1961 debut single of then fourteen - year - old Helen Shapiro , and was written by John Schroeder and Mike Hawker .
`` Christmas in Harlem '' is a song by hip - hop recording artist Kanye West .
Circulate was the second solo album of Neil Sedaka after his 1959 debut solo album Rock with Sedaka .
The Song Remains Not the Same is a studio album by American heavy metal band Black Label Society , released May 10 , 2011 .
`` Superman Tonight '' is a song by New Jersey rock band Bon Jovi .
`` Stereo Love '' is a 2009 song recorded by the Romanian musician Edward Maya with the Moldavian - Romanian musician Vika Jigulina , released as their debut single in late 2009 from Maya 's album The Stereo Love Show .
Buck Fever was the second full length album released by Estradasphere .
`` À ma place '' is a 2001 pop song recorded as a duet by French singers Zazie and Axel Bauer .
Communicate ! is the first studio album by the soulband The Solution formed by Nicke Andersson and Scott Morgan recorded at Atlantis Studio and mixed in Polar Studios . The album was released in 2004 and was followed up with Will Not Be Televised in 2008 .
`` Hot Revolver '' is a song by American recording artist Lil Wayne , released March 17 , 2009 , released as the second single from his seventh studio album , Rebirth ( 2010 ) .
Rock ' n ' Rave is the second studio album of DJ and producer Benny Benassi which was released on 3 June 2008 by Ultra Records .
The Greatest Songs of the Fifties is an album by veteran American singer Barry Manilow , released in the United States on January 31 , 2006 .
`` Face the Change '' is a song by the Japanese J - pop group Every Little Thing , released as the group 's seventh single on January 7 , 1998 .
`` Take Her Back '' is the fifth single released by British indie band The Pigeon Detectives from their début album Wait For Me .
All Things to All People is the second studio album by Danish electronic rock band Carpark North .
Heaven 's a Lie is the first single by Lacuna Coil off their album Comalies .
Welcome to the Walk Alone is the second album from the Devon - based band The Rumble Strips .
Croweology is an acoustic - based compilation album by rock band The Black Crowes , released on August 3 , 2010 .
WAO ! ! is the second album by Japanese ska band , OreSkaBand , released on May 23 , 2007 .
`` We 'll Be a Dream '' is a song by American pop punk band We the Kings featuring American recording artist Demi Lovato , released as the second single from their second studio album , Smile Kid .
The Medicine is an album by West Coast hip hop artist Planet Asia , released on October 3 , 2006 through ABB Records .
Collaborations 2 is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Sukshinder Shinda , released on 26 February 2009 worldwide making his second collaborated album .
Something Good for Your Head is an album by the San Francisco area folk rock duo Blackburn & Snow .
On the Way to Wonderland is the debut album by the Finnish rock band Sunrise Avenue .
I Left My Blues in San Francisco is the debut album by American blues artist Buddy Guy .
`` Swallow , Smile '' is a song by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand which was released strictly for members of a band 's fan club in the fall of 2006 .
Radio Pet Fencing is the third record by rapper MC Lars , the last record released with his former stage surname Horris , and his first record to be released outside of the United States .
`` Perfect ( Exceeder ) '' is a collaboration between Dutch band Mason and American rapper Princess Superstar .
`` Cumbersome '' is a song by Seven Mary Three and the lead single from their breakthrough album , American Standard .
`` I Love to Move in Here '' is a song by American electronica musician Moby , released as the second single from his 2008 album Last Night .
Likferd is the fourth full - length studio album by Norwegian black metal band Windir , which was released in 2003 .
Night Visions is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Imagine Dragons .
Jewelz is the second album by the rapper O.C ..
`` Taxi Ride '' is a song by American recording artist Tori Amos from her seventh studio album Scarlet 's Walk ( 2002 ) .
`` Shine Ya Light '' is a song recorded by British recording artist Rita Ora , and released as the third single from her debut studio album Ora .
`` Put Your Hands Up in the Air ! '' is a song recorded by Belgian dance artist Danzel .
`` Bang This '' is a pop - R&B song released by American - Australian urban artist J - Wess as the lead single from his debut album , J - Wess Presents Tha LP ( 2004 ) .
Break out the Battle Tapes is the debut album from Wired All Wrong , a duo made up of Matt Mahaffey of Self and Jeff Turzo of God Lives Underwater .
`` Never ( Past Tense ) '' was a song recorded by the Roc Project and Tina Arena , it appeared on Tina 's album Vous êtes toujours là .
`` Yeah Yeah U Know It '' was the lead single released from Keith Murray 's fourth album , He 's Keith Murray .
Slow Revival is the seventh album by contemporary Christian artist Bryan Duncan .
`` Damn U '' is a song by Prince and The New Power Generation from the 1992 Love Symbol album .
Keep It Hid is the debut solo album by the American blues - rock musician Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys , released in 2009 on Nonesuch Records .
Camp Lisa is a children 's album by Lisa Loeb .
`` Sure Gon na Miss Her '' is a song written by Bobby Russell and was recorded by Gary Lewis & the Playboys .
Tell Me When to Whoa is an EP by Bowling for Soup released in June 1998 , and later re - released in 1999 , on the local Denton music label FFROE .
Butcher the Weak is the second studio album by death metal band Devourment , originally released in 2005 .
Plenty , Plenty Soul is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1957 and released on the Atlantic label .
Parallel - a - Stitt ( subtitled Sonny Stitt on the Varitone ) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1967 and released on the Roulette label .
`` De la capăt ( All Over Again ) '' ( English : From the beginning ( All over again ) ) is a song performed by Romanian band Voltaj .
Eyrth , Wynd and Fyre is the seventh studio album by American rapper and Wu - Tang Clan member Cappadonna .
`` Dancin on Me '' is a song by American rappers Jim Jones and DJ Webstar , from their first collaborative effort The Rooftop .
`` Max 500 '' is a CD ( single ) by the band Kent .
Halfway Tree is the second album by Jamaican reggae artist Damian Marley .
Lubov ' Ogromnaya Strana ( Love is a Huge Country ) is a studio album by Russian rock band Vesyolye Rebyata .
`` Raining Blood '' is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer .
Mi Fantasia ( Eng . : `` My Fantasy '' ) is the eighth studio album released by Los Bukis in 1984 .
Keys of the Kingdom is the fourteenth album by the rock band The Moody Blues , released in 1991 .
The unusually titled album , Halal & Loving It , was released in Malaysia , Brunei , and Singapore in the beginning of 2008 and contains many of One Buck Short 's fun Punk Rock songs such as `` That Day '' and the singles , `` Fast Times '' , `` 10:04 '' and `` Kelibat Korupsi '' .
Jim & Ingrid Croce is an album by American singer - songwriter Jim Croce and his wife Ingrid , released in 1969 .
Vanishing Vision is the debut studio album by the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan , then named X. It was released on April 14 , 1988 by Extasy Records , topped the Oricon indies chart and reached number 19 on the main one .
`` You Are My Friend '' is a ballad co - written and recorded by American singer Patti LaBelle , released as the second single off her self - titled debut album , in 1978 on the Epic label .
The Freed Weed is a compilation album by the American indie rock band , Sebadoh .
`` Love to Hate You '' is a song by Erasure which was released in 1991 as the second single from the duo 's fifth studio album Chorus .
I 've Got All the Heartaches I Can Handle is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb , released in 1973 ( see 1973 in music ) .
`` Welcome to the Pleasuredome '' is the title track to the 1984 debut album by Frankie Goes to Hollywood .
`` Fly Over States '' is a song written by Neil Thrasher and Michael Dulaney and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean .
White1 is the third album by Sunn O ) ) ) .
`` Summarize '' is the first single released from Australian indie rock band Little Birdy 's third studio album , Confetti .
Our Colline 's a Treasure is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .
`` Glamorous Indie Rock & Roll '' is a song from The Killers ' UK and Australia editions of the album Hot Fuss , where it replaces `` Change Your Mind '' .
This Thing Called Wantin ' and Havin' It All is the title of the eleventh studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown .
Grown Man Talk is a 2003 album from Hip Hop artist Diamond D , released through Diamond 's own Diamond Mine imprint .
`` A New Machine '' , parts 1 and 2 are songs from Pink Floyd 's 1987 album , A Momentary Lapse of Reason .
`` Not the Drinking '' is a song by Lauren Pritchard , released as the third single from her debut album Wasted in Jackson .
Fire Wind is the second album released by Uli Roth 's Electric Sun band .
Celebrate ! is the twelfth studio album by R&B / funk band , Kool & the Gang .
Fear and Love is the debut LP by the San Diego rock band We Shot the Moon , made up of Jonathan Jones of Waking Ashland , and Dan Koch and Joe Greenetz both of Sherwood .
A Real Live Dead One is a live album by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released in 1998 .
`` Trippin ' on a Hole in a Paper Heart '' is a song by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots , featured on their third album , Tiny Music ...
Skyscraping is an album by music group ABC , released in March 1997 .
`` You Do n't Know How It Feels '' is a song and the lead single from Tom Petty 's 1994 album Wildflowers .
`` Death on Two Legs ( Dedicated to ... ) '' is a song by British rock group Queen , and is the opening track on their fourth studio album A Night at the Opera .
`` Breakn ' a Sweat '' is a song by American electronic music producer Skrillex .
`` Bam Thwok '' is a 2004 download - only single by the American alternative rock band the Pixies .
This Is Not a New Album is the 2001 re - issue of San Diegan punk band Dogwood 's 1998 self - released eponymous album .
Subway Serenade was the second and final album released by the band Looking Glass .
Le Cimetière des arlequins is the second album by the French progressive rock band Ange , released in 1973 .
Khayfa Minnak ( Arabic : خايفة منك‎ ) is the first album by the Lebanese singer Aline Khalaf .
I Should Coco is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Supergrass , released through Parlophone in May 1995 .
Au milieu de ma vie is the eighth studio album by Canadian singer Garou , and his ninth album overall .
Orchard Avenue is an EP by Christian parody band ApologetiX composed solely of parodies of songs by The Beatles .
Into Night 's Requiem Infernal is the seventh studio album by the American death - doom band Novembers Doom .
Des Wahnsinns fette Beute ( Fat Booty of Madness ) is the eleventh album from the German band Oomph!.
Nespáľme to krásne v nás ( English : Let 's Not Burn The Beauty In Us ) is a song by Miro Žbirka and Marika Gombitová released on Universal in 2001 .
`` Nut Rocker '' is an instrumental rock single recorded by American instrumental ensemble B. Bumble and the Stingers that reached number 23 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in March 1962 and went to number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1962 .
No . 5 Collaborations Project is an extended play by British singer - songwriter Ed Sheeran .
Shooting at the Sun is the sixth studio album by British hard rock band Thunder .
Miles of Eyes is the debut single released by Irish singer / songwriter Jimmy MacCarthy in 1981 under Mulligan Records .
Dress for Excess is the second album by British band Sigue Sigue Sputnik , released in 1988 ( see 1988 in music ) .
What If We is the second studio album by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath .
`` ( We Do n't Need This ) Fascist Groove Thang '' is a song written and performed by British synthpop band Heaven 17 .
Dirty Rotten Shame is an album by Ronnie Drew , released in 1995 .
`` Be Quiet and Drive ( Far Away ) '' is the second single released from the American alternative metal band Deftones ' second album , Around the Fur .
Miss Little Havana is a studio album by Cuban - American recording artist Gloria Estefan .
`` Rubber Duckie '' is a song sung by the Muppet character Ernie ( voiced by Jim Henson ) on Sesame Street .
Speaking of Now is an album by the Pat Metheny Group , released in 2002 by Warner Bros.
`` Got to Be Certain '' is a dance - pop song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Kylie Minogue from her debut studio album Kylie ( 1988 ) .
Whiskey for the Holy Ghost is the second solo album by former Screaming Trees vocalist Mark Lanegan .
Shankar Family & Friends ( stylised as Shankar Family Friends on the album cover ) is an album by Indian musician Ravi Shankar , recorded primarily in Los Angeles during the spring of 1973 , but not released until late 1974 .
El Ángel Caído is the third studio album by the Power metal band Avalanch and the last one featuring Víctor García , released in 2001 .
The Blood - Splat Rating System is the debut studio album of American rock band Powerman 5000 .
Kakvo tijelo Selma i m a ( English : What A Body Selma Has ) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian pop - folk singer Selma Bajrami .
Bows + Arrows is the second album by The Walkmen , released in 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .
The Swining is a 1993 album released by Raymond Watts ( as PIG ) .
Feeding the Gods is the sixth solo album by New Zealand singer / songwriter Tim Finn .
Selvagem ? ( Portuguese for `` Savage ? '' ) is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso .
`` 38 Years Old '' is a song by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip , released as a single from the band 's second studio album , Up to Here .
Mercy ( Dancing for the Death of an Imaginary Enemy ) is the band Ours ' third major label release .
Crystal Silence is an album by Chick Corea and Gary Burton .
The Age of Plastic is the debut studio album written , produced and performed by British new wave duo The Buggles , composed of Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes .
Live Cannibalism is a live album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse , released in 2000 through Metal Blade Records .
Isterico ( in English `` Hysterical '' ) is the first demo of the Italian punk rock band Punkreas .
`` Heavy Music '' is a song first released as a single by Bob Seger & The Last Heard .
Stuck Together with God 's Glue was Something Happens ' second studio album with Petrol ( Hello , Hello ) making it number 40 in NME 's singles of the year in 1990 .
Show Some Emotion is a studio album by British singer - songwriter Joan Armatrading , released in 1977 on A&M.
Feelin ' Groovy is the debut album by the American sunshine pop band Harpers Bizarre , released in 1967 .
In his 2001 book The Stranglers Song By Song , Hugh Cornwell states `` ' Golden Brown ' works on two levels .
Money and Celebrity is the third studio album by English trio The Subways , produced by Stephen Street .
`` Warum werde ich nicht satt ? '' ( roughly Why am I not satisfied ? ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
Let 's Go Scare Al was the first album recorded by the Austin , Minnesota band the Gear Daddies .
`` Stand Up ( For the Champions ) '' is a song by British band Right Said Fred from their album Stand Up in 2002 .
Learn to Live is the second studio album and the first country album by American country artist , Darius Rucker .
`` Rum and Raybans '' is a song by American recording artist Sean Kingston , featuring vocals from British singer Cher Lloyd .
Write Your Own History is a compilation of B - sides and previously unreleased material by the Sunderland band Field Music .
Surface Paradise is the second full length album by Melbourne band Root ! , released on July 24 , 2009 .
Skúsime to cez vesmír ( which translates to Flying through the Universe ) is the second album by Slovak rock band Tublatanka released in 1987 by Opus Records .
`` Moody 's Mood for Love '' is a 1952 song by Eddie Jefferson , whose melody is derived from an improvised solo by jazz saxophonist James Moody on a 1949 recording of the 1935 song `` I 'm in the Mood for Love '' .
`` Little Girl ( With Blue Eyes ) '' is a non - album single by British band Pulp , released in 1985 .
Harajuku Dance Rock is an EP released by An Cafe on March 13 , 2009 .
Descendre is the ninth album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label .
On Top of Our Game is the 2nd studio album by Dem Franchize Boyz , released on February 7 , 2006 .
`` Motorpsycho Nitemare '' , also known as `` Motorpsycho Nightmare '' , is an early song written by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan .
Carolina Dreams , released in 1977 , was The Marshall Tucker Band 's sixth album and an ode to the band 's home state , South Carolina , USA .
`` Rocketship 2010 '' is the seventh single released by the band Shiny Toy Guns .
Banditi di Praga Turné 2011 is the third live album and fifth live DVD by the Czech hard rock band Kabát , released on November 14 , 2011 .
The Final Separation is the second album by the Italian black / speed metal band , Bulldozer , released in 1986 .
SubHuman is the fourth EP and sixth studio release by Recoil .
Eyes Set Against the Sun is the third full - length album by the electronic artist Mira Calix .
Good News for People Who Love Bad News is the fourth full - length album recorded by alternative rock band Modest Mouse .
Darker Circles is a 2010 album by Canadian alt - country group The Sadies .
`` Who 's Johnny '' is a hit recorded by El DeBarge .
Ultimate Kylie is the ninth greatest hits album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue , and her first greatest hits released under her contract with Parlophone , her record company since 2000 .
Good to Be Back is a 1989 album by American singer Natalie Cole .
Shaday is an album by Israeli singer Ofra Haza , released in 1988 .
`` It 's the Falling in Love '' is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson with guest vocals by R&B singer -- songwriter Patti Austin .
Midnight Mushrumps is the second studio album made by the band Gryphon .
Una Lágrima No Basta ( Eng . : A Tear Is Not Enough ) is a studio album released by the romantic music band Los Temerarios .
`` History Never Repeats '' was a single written by Neil Finn and recorded by Split Enz for their 1981 Waiata album .
`` Watagatapitusberry '' is a collaborative effort by Black Point with American recording artist Pitbull , released on March 9 , 2010 as the lead single from his fifth studio album , Armando ( 2010 ) .
Música de Rua ( Portuguese for Street music ) is the third album by Brazilian axé and MPB singer Daniela Mercury , released in 1994 in Brazil and on October 11 , 1994 in North America and Europe through Sony Music .
`` Five Long Years '' is a song written and recorded by blues vocalist / pianist Eddie Boyd in 1952 .
`` If You Keep Losing Sleep '' is a song by Australian band Silverchair from their fifth album Young Modern , released on 9 October 2007 .
`` Whirring '' is a song by the Welsh alternative rock band The Joy Formidable .
An Ideal for Living is the debut EP by English post - punk band Joy Division .
I 'm Going Away is The Fiery Furnaces ' eighth album .
Sacrifist is the second album of the Bill Laswell led project Praxis , released in 1993 on Laswell 's label Subharmonic .
`` Rise Above This '' is the second single from Seether 's album Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces .
Utopia Banished is the fourth album by the UK band Napalm Death .
`` Boom Boom Boogie '' is a 1997 single ( 1996 in Japan ) from Canadian reggae recording artist Snow 's third album , Justuss .
Such Winters of Memory is an album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label .
Suture and Other Songs is a compilation CD of the Suture LP and Signal 7 `` by the band Four Hundred Years .
Freedom Blues is the third album from Jamaican reggae musician Jah Cure .
`` Rock with You '' is a song written by British songwriter Rod Temperton and recorded by American recording artist Michael Jackson .
`` You Saved My Soul '' is a 1981 single by Canadian musician Burton Cummings , from the 1981 album Sweet Sweet .
Fueler is a solo album by Ratt singer Stephen Pearcy .
Book I is a collaboration album by Pastor Troy and The Congregation , which was released in 2000 .
Danny ! 's second instrumental hip hop album , Dream , Fulfilled , was released on April 23 , 2007 ( see 2007 in music ) under the American rapper / producer 's 1911 Music / Badenov Records imprint .
Two Souls in One is the debut album by American saxophonist George Braith recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label .
Circles Around the Sun is a 2012 album by United States indie / roots folk band Dispatch .
No Tears for the Creatures is the third and final studio album from UK metalcore band , Johnny Truant .
`` More Than Words '' is a ballad written and originally performed by American rock band Extreme .
`` Sweetest Girl ( Dollar Bill ) '' is the lead single from Haitian American rapper Wyclef Jean 's sixth studio album , Carnival Vol . II :
Still Ghetto is the second album from R&B singer Jaheim .
Sou Ni Tilé is an album by Malian duo Amadou & Mariam , released in 1999 .
`` Pubs , Parks , Theatres , Clubs , Church Halls , Gardens , Lounges & Band Rotundas '' is a 2006 album by New Zealand band Th ' Dudes .
`` I Have a Special Plan for This World '' is a longform single by the English band Current 93 .
`` Tajomstvo hier '' ( English : The Secret of the Games ) is a song by the band Modus with lead vocals by Janko Lehotský and Marika Gombitová .
`` Think ( About It ) '' is a funk song recorded by Lyn Collins and released as a single on James Brown 's People Records in 1972 .
`` Back ' n Blue '' is a song by American rock band Cheap Trick , released as the fourth single from their 1990 album Busted .
`` The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie '' is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' tenth album I 'm with You and was the first single released from the album .
What We Made is the debut studio album released by British recording artist Example .
Blood of Saints is the third album from Swedish melodic death metal / industrial band Engel .
Ovaj zid stoji krivo ( On One Side is this Wall Bended ) is the second studio album by the Serbian indie / alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Tom Tom Music in 1991 .
Lapit ( Filipino , `` Come Closer '' ) is the third studio album by Filipina singer - composer Yeng Constantino .
Designing a Nervous Breakdown is the first full - length album released by the Lawrence , Kansas emo band The Anniversary .
Two Tenors is an album credited to jazz musicians John Coltrane and Hank Mobley , released in 1969 on Prestige Records , catalogue 7670 .
`` Freefallin '' is a song performed by Australian singer - songwriter , Zoë Badwi .
`` The Fields of Love '' is a single released by ATB from his album Two Worlds .
`` Soul by the Pound '' is the third single from rapper Common 's 1992 debut album , Can I Borrow a Dollar ? .
`` No Se Me Hace Fácil '' ( English : It 's Not Easy For Me ) is a song written by Gian Marco , recorded by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández , and released as the third single from Viento a Favor .
Envaatnags Eflos Solf Esgantaavne is the fourth full - length studio album released by the black metal band Horna .
The Curious City is Modey Lemon 's third album and was the first to be recorded with the current line - up .
`` Meant to Live '' is a single by alternative rock band Switchfoot .
High Won - High Two is the second studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell .
Good Trouble is the tenth studio album by REO Speedwagon , released in 1982 as a follow - up to Hi Infidelity .
We Are the Void is the ninth full - length studio album by Swedish , melodeath band , Dark Tranquillity .
`` Warm and Beautiful '' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney that was first released by Wings on their 1976 album Wings at the Speed of Sound .
`` I Can Dream About You '' is a song performed by American singer Dan Hartman on the soundtrack album of the film Streets of Fire .
Lula Divinia is the second full - length album by American post - hardcore band Shiner .
Entering a New Ride is a downloadable album by Big Audio Dynamite , led by former Clash band member Mick Jones .
`` Never a Time '' is the fifth track from the Genesis album We Ca n't Dance .
Inside the Hollow is the second album by the Canadian all - girl rock band Lillix , released in Canada on 29 August 2006 and Japan on 6 September 2006 .
`` We R Who We R '' ( abbreviation for `` We Are Who We Are '' ) is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha from her first extended play ( EP ) , Cannibal ( 2010 ) .
`` Hold On to the Nights '' is a power ballad and number - one hit for American rock singer / songwriter / musician Richard Marx .
Remix & Repent is a five - track EP from the Rock band Marilyn Manson .
Trio ( Victoriaville ) 2007 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 2007 and released on the Victo label .
Kinetic Faith is the fourth album by the American heavy metal band Bride , released in 1991 .
They Call Me Mr. Kane is the third studio album by American rapper Kokane , released November 16 , 1999 on Eureka Records .
A Token of the Wreckage is the third studio album and fourth overall release by American independent singer Megan Slankard , released on March 8 , 2011 .
Bedlam Born is the 16th studio album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span .
I Threw You Away is the 32nd album by Jandek , and one of two released in 2002 .
Long Time Comin ' is the fourth studio album by the American country music band Shenandoah .
`` All Torn Down '' was the third single taken from Australian rock group , The Living End 's debut self - titled album .
Crappin ' You Negative is the third full - length album from The Grifters and was released on Shangri - La Records .
`` You Lied '' is a track originally performed by British progressive metal band Peach .
`` Thirtysixtwentyfive '' is the debut single from Kieran Hebden 's solo project , Four Tet .
`` Judas Rising '' is a song by heavy metal band Judas Priest .
`` Yorokobi no Uta '' ( 喜びの歌 in Japanese text , translates to `` Song of Joy '' ) is the fourth overall single by Japanese boy band , KAT - TUN , and the first from their third studio album , KAT - TUN III :
Point 3 is the collective title of the third and fourth studio albums by British ambient dance band System 7 .
`` So Fresh , So Clean '' is the third and final single to be released from Outkast 's fourth studio album , Stankonia .
Paper Canyon is the debut studio album by English post - rock band Codes in the Clouds .
Zeno Beach is a rock album by Australian band Radio Birdman released in June 2006 .
Reroute to Remain ( Subtitled : Fourteen Songs of Conscious Insanity & on The Reissue : Fourteen Songs of Conscious Madness ) is the sixth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames .
Voices from the Sky ( 央金玛 ) is the third studio album by Chinese singer Dadawa .
Jumping the Creek is an album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd , recorded in January 2004 by Lloyd with Geri Allen , Robert Hurst and Eric Harland .
Flying Again is a studio album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers , released in 1975 .
MiXXXes of the Molé is a remix album by industrial metal band Ministry .
Nashville Rehearsals is an album of studio sessions and rehearsals by the band King Crimson , released through the King Crimson Collectors ' Club in November 2000 .
Io tu noi tutti ( Me you us everybody ) is the tenth album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti .
Long Line is the fourth solo album by Peter Wolf , released in 1996 ( see 1996 in music ) .
Bad Boys Bound is the second studio album by Japanese band Tokio .
Tragedy Again is D.I. 's fourth full - length studio album , which was released in 1989 .
`` Ángel de Amor '' ( English : Angel of Love ) is the first radio single and Eleventh track from Maná 's sixth studio album , Revolución de Amor ( 2002 ) .
Gongland is the eighth studio album by New - age band Forrest Fang .
Sister Sweetly was the third album by Colorado rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters , released in 1993 .
Dream of the Elders is the sole release by this line - up of the Dave Holland Quartet .
Action & Action is the second single from Kansas City , Missouri band The Get Up Kids ' album Something to Write Home About .
Future Profits is the debut album by rap duo , Blood of Abraham .
Welcome to Jamrock is a Grammy - winning reggae album by Damian Marley .
Clonakilty Cowboys is the first album by the English - Irish folk rock band The Noel Redding Band .
Infected Nations is the second album by the English thrash metal band Evile .
Three Sides Live is the third live album by the English rock band Genesis , released in 1982 .
Beethoven or Bust , Music of Beethoven as realized by Don Dorsey on digital and other authentic period synthesizers .
Eternal Devastation is the second full - length album by German thrash metal band Destruction .
Spleen and Ideal is the second studio album by Australian musical act Dead Can Dance .
3rd Ward Stepper is the third album released by rapper , Skull Duggery .
`` Kentish Town Waltz '' is a song by Irish rockabilly singer Imelda May.
`` 37 Stitches '' is a power ballad by the rock band Drowning Pool and the third single from their third studio album Full Circle .
`` Love 's a Loaded Gun '' is a single by heavy metal singer Alice Cooper , taken from the 1991 album Hey Stoopid .
Climate of Hunter is the eleventh studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker .
Hi Infidelity is the ninth studio album by REO Speedwagon , released in 1980 ( see 1980 in music ) .
Blueprint for Discovery is the only album recorded by producer and arranger Jerry Peters .
`` Move Ya Body '' is a song recorded by American duo Nina Sky .
Hey Hey Michael You 're Really Fantastic was the second single released by Rachel Stamp through WEA .
`` A Lover 's Concerto '' is a pop song , written by American songwriters Sandy Linzer and Denny Randell and recorded in 1965 by The Toys .
Modern Guilt is the eighth official studio album and eleventh overall by American alternative artist Beck .
For Octavio Paz is the sixth album release from Six Organs of Admittance , released in 2003 .
Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest is the third full - length album released by metalcore band Zao on Solid State / Tooth & Nail .
Sewn Together is the Meat Puppets ' twelfth full - length studio album , released on May 12 , 2009 , both on CD and vinyl .
`` Anapandites Kliseis '' ( Unanswered calls ) is the first single from Elena Paparizou as a solo singer .
`` Until the Last Day '' is the forty - first single of Japanese solo artist Gackt , released on February 22 , 2012 .
Sila Uma ( Power of the mind ) is fourth and most acclaimed album from Saint Petersburg band Kirpichi .
About Thieves , Farmers , Tramps and Policemen is the first full - length album by the Italian band Zen Circus , released in 1998 by Iceforeveryone .
1978 December is the fifth studio album by American country music singer - songwriter Sonia Leigh .
Violence Violence is the debut full length album from American hardcore punk band Ceremony .
Freak Flag is an album by American folk singer / guitarist Greg Brown , released in 2011 .
`` Be Strong '' is a pop ballad written by Bridget Benenate , Matthew Gerrard , and Delta Goodrem , produced by Gerrard for Goodrem 's second album Mistaken Identity ( 2004 ) .
Vision Towards Essence is a live album of solo piano by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Pi Recordings label in 2007 .
`` Ca n't Help Falling in Love '' is a pop ballad originally recorded by American singer Elvis Presley and published by Gladys Music , Elvis Presley 's publishing company .
Slaughter of the Soul is the fourth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band At the Gates , released on November 14 , 1995 .
El Vals del Obrero is an album by the Spanish ska punk band Ska - P , released on March 21 , 1996 .
`` Waiting for an Alibi '' is a song by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy , and the first single from their 1979 album , Black Rose :
We Are the Same is the eleventh full - length studio album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip , released April 7 , 2009 on Universal Music Canada , and by Zoë Records in the United States .
Kati Simveni ( Greek : Κάτι Συμβαίνει ; English : Something 's Happening ) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi .
`` My Baby Loves Lovin' '' was the top selling single for the group White Plains .
`` Moving on Stereo '' was the second single hit by French DJ Pakito , from his debut album Video .
From the Wrong Side of the Aperture is the second studio album of the Serbian metal band Draconic .
Full of Elevating Pleasures is the fourth studio album by the Japanese electronica / rock band , Boom Boom Satellites .
`` Dog Days Are Over '' is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their debut album Lungs ( 2009 ) .
`` Ca n't Find My Way Home '' is a song written by Steve Winwood which was first released by Blind Faith on their 1969 album Blind Faith .
Living in the USA is a 1978 album by American singer / songwriter / producer Linda Ronstadt .
Helvetios is the fifth full - length album by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie .
Sentimentally Yours is the third studio album by American country music singer , Patsy Cline , released August 7 , 1962 .
`` Country Must Be Country Wide '' is a song co - written and recorded by American country rock artist Brantley Gilbert .
October Language is an album by Belong , released in on 7 February 2006 .
Shapes and Patterns is a 1997 album by the British pop group Swing Out Sister .
The New Continent is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie 's Big Band featuring performances arranged and composed by Lalo Schifrin and conducted by Benny Carter recorded in 1962 and released on the Limelight label .
`` My Melody of Love '' is the title of a popular song from 1974 ( see 1974 in music ) by the American singer Bobby Vinton .
Let Sleeping Dogs ... is an album released under the name The Dogs D'Amour in 2005 .
`` Beat on My Drum '' is a song by Italian DJ Gabry Ponte .
D - Trick is the second solo album by Daisuke Asakura , as well as the last solo album released by him before he joined the popular J - pop group Access .
`` Hot Like Fire '' is a song written by Missy Elliott and Tim `` Timbaland '' Mosley for Aaliyah 's second album , One in a Million ( see 1996 in music ) .
Newpower Soul is a 1998 album by The New Power Generation , but is a de facto Prince album ( his stage name at that time being an unpronounceable symbol ) .
Plunder , Beg and Curse is Colour Revolt 's first full - length release , as well as the last to feature bassist Patrick Addison , drummer Len Clark , and guitarist Jimmy Cajoleas in the lineup .
No Average Angel is the second studio album by American singer Tiffany Giardina .
One Nite Alone ... is the twenty - fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince .
In Moderation is the second studio album by 8stops7 and the major label debut for the band .
To the 5 Boroughs is the sixth studio album by the Beastie Boys .
`` Sitting Down Here '' is a pop song written by Norwegian singer - songwriter Lene Marlin for Marlin 's 1999 debut album , Playing My Game .
`` Save Your Heart for Me '' is most well known by a version recorded in 1965 by American pop group Gary Lewis & the Playboys and appears on the group 's 1965 album A Session with Gary Lewis and the Playboys .
Andriki Kolonia ( Male Cologne ) is the second album recorded by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou .
Réalistes is the fourth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain .
Skeptics Apocalypse is the debut album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel .
Vox Cycle is a six compositions or independent movement cycle for four amplified voices , and electroacoustic music by Trevor Wishart , composed between 1980 and 1988 , associated with extended vocal techniques and the contemporary vocal composition .
Say It Loud ! is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1968 and featuring Donaldson with Blue Mitchell , Charles Earland , Jimmy Ponder , and Leo Morris .
The Vigil is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released sixth of August 2013 .
Dick 's Picks Volume 24 is the 24th installment of the popular Grateful Dead archival series .
`` All Things Go '' is a song by Trinidadian - born recording artist Nicki Minaj from her third studio album , The Pinkprint ( 2014 ) .
`` Opposites Attract '' is a song recorded by Paula Abdul , featured on her debut album Forever Your Girl .
Fate 's Right Hand is the eleventh studio album by American country music singer Rodney Crowell .
`` We Take the Chance '' is a single by the German synthpop duo Modern Talking , released in 1998 as a single .
Infektio is the thirty - fifth album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle .
Emily Fitch is a fictional character in the television series Skins , played by Kathryn Prescott .
N - Plants is an ambient album of Biosphere .
Shake the Sheets is the fourth album by the Washington , D.C. rock band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists , released in 2004 by Lookout !
Total 13 is the second album by the Swedish Punk Rock band Backyard Babies .
Para Siempre ( Forever ) is the 79th studio album released by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández on September 18 , 2007 by Sony BMG Norte .
`` A Bay Bay '' is a song by American rapper Hurricane Chris from his debut studio album 51/50 Ratchet .
The Halls of Eternity is Ancient 's fourth full - length release .
`` Needin ' U '' is a house record written and produced by David Morales , under the pseudonym David Morales Presents The Face .
' Como los peces ' is the third studio album of Carlos Varela , released in 1995
A Rise to Power is the third album from Australian heavy metal band Dungeon .
Sea Airs is a piano album written by rock musician Rick Wakeman and released in 1989 .
Come On Primates Show Your Teeth ! ( often shortened to Come On Primates ! ) is Frog Pocket 's ( AKA John Charles Wilson ) 3rd album , released in 2007 .
Habitaciones Extrañas is the third album of Enanitos Verdes published on 1987 .
`` Stay in My Corner '' is a 1965 soul ( music ) song by The Dells .
I Ca n't Stop Dancing is a 1968 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells , released by the record label Atlantic .
`` Frontier Psychiatrist '' is a song by Australian electronic dance music group The Avalanches .
Drop - dead is the ninth full - length studio album of the band The Violet Burning .
`` Love People '' is the sixth album including `` Christmas with The Jets '' recorded with Liberty Park Records by the family group The Jets .
Clown Prince of the Menthol Trailer is a 1994 EP by Guided by Voices .
One Time for All Time is the second album by the instrumental post - rock band 65daysofstatic , released on October 24 , 2005 on Monotreme .
`` Hole in My Shoe '' is a song by English rock band Traffic which as a single release reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart and number 22 in the German charts , in 1967 .
2 Stepz Ahead is the second album by Oxide & Neutrino , released on 30 September 2002 .
Beyond Appearances is the thirteenth studio album by Santana , released in 1985 ( see 1985 in music ) .
Dept . of Disappearance is the second solo studio album by American indie rock musician Jason Lytle .
`` I Do n't Have the Heart '' is the title of a No . 1 hit song that was written by Allan Rich and Jud Friedman and recorded by American R&B recording artist James Ingram .
`` Ways to an End '' is the third studio single by British synthpop band Mirrors .
Illegal Business ? 2000 is the 3rd studio album by rapper Mac Mall .
Es war die Nacht der ersten Liebe ( English : It Was The Night of The First Love ) is a German ballad by singer Thomas Anders .
`` Hands of Death ( Burn Baby Burn ) '' is a song created and sung by Rob Zombie and Alice Cooper which can be found on the Songs in the Key of X :
Feels So Right is Alabama 's fifth studio album for RCA Nashville , released in 1981 .
Depresīvā pilsēta is the fifth album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki , released through magnitizdat in 1986 , and ' officially ' as late as 2007 .
Tear Ourselves Away is the first full - length LP by San Francisco - based indie rock band LoveLikeFire .
Gooden 's Corner is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1961 and released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1980 .
Rage in Eden is the fifth album by the British new wave band Ultravox .
To Wish You a Merry Christmas is an album by Harry Belafonte Recorded May 27 , 31 , June 1 , 3 and 8 of 1958 in Hollywood .
Find Me / Blessed Are the Lost Ones is the second album by Dave Hensman released on the Big Sky Music label .
Healing Hands of Time is a 1994 album by country singer Willie Nelson .
Dressing Up the Idiot ( 1997 ) was the only album by the band Prunella Scales .
`` Struggle No More ( The Main Event ) '' is a collaborative soundtrack single by Anthony Hamilton , Jaheim , and Musiq Soulchild .
`` Mi Chico Latino '' ( English : `` My Latin Boy '' ) , is a song recorded by English singer Geri Halliwell for her debut solo album Schizophonic ( 1999 ) .
Tomorrow Blue is the second album by the Swiss rock band Toad released in 1972 .
Dangerously in Love is the debut solo studio album by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé .
`` Kitto Eien ni '' is pop singer Crystal Kay 's nineteenth single .
Should n't a Told You That is the third studio album by American country band Dixie Chicks , released in 1993 ( see 1993 in music ) .
Disfarmer is the 21st album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Nonesuch label .
`` Festival Song '' is the fourth and final single taken from Good Charlotte 's self - titled debut album Good Charlotte .
Real People / Wild East is a music album by Apache Indian , released on Tuesday , 1 September 1998 .
La Espada & la Pared is the third studio album by Chilean rock band Los Tres , released in 1995
Boone Carlyle is a fictional character who was played by Ian Somerhalder on the ABC drama television series Lost , which chronicles the lives of the survivors of a plane crash in the south Pacific .
Blue Country Heart is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album released in June , 2002 .
Unusual Heat is the seventh studio album by American rock band Foreigner , released in 1991 .
Go Away White is the fifth and final studio album by English gothic rock band Bauhaus .
`` What a Good Boy '' is a song from the Barenaked Ladies ' 1992 debut album , Gordon .
`` Stop Loving You '' is a song from the rock band Toto from their album The Seventh One .
The role of Boss Hogg was played by Sorrell Booke , who performed frequently on radio , stage , and film prior to his role in The Dukes of Hazzard .
Cornelis sjunger Taube ( English : Cornelis sings Taube ) is the fifth studio album by the Swedish - Dutch folk singer - songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk .
`` The Brazilian '' is an instrumental piece by the English band Genesis that concludes their 1986 album Invisible Touch .
Ho Hoo Tan is an album by the Hong Kong Cantopop group Twins .
Theme to the Gaurdian is the debut album by American guitarist and composer Bill Connors recorded in 1974 and released on the ECM label .
`` Barbie Girl '' is a song by the Danish - Norwegian dance - pop group Aqua .
`` The Adventures of the Love Crusader '' is a 1979 single by Sarah Brightman and the Starship Troopers .
A Vicious Cycle is the fourth solo studio album from Philadelphia underground hip hop artist Reef the Lost Cauze released on November 10 , 2008 , by Well Done Entertainment .
A Black Box is an album by Peter Hammill , originally released on S - Type Records in August 1980 .
The Envoy is the fifth studio album by American singer / songwriter Warren Zevon .
`` We Think It 's Love '' is a song by Leah Haywood , released as her debut single in early 2000 .
`` Julemandens Selvmordsbrev '' ( Danish for `` The Santa Claus ' Suicide Note '' ) is the Danish Heavy metal band Red Warszawa 's first single ever made .
Tipplers Tales is a 1978 album by Fairport Convention ; recorded in only ten days , it was the last album the band recorded for Vertigo .
Miles of Smiles is an EP by experimental band Black Dice , released in 2004 .
Prosatanica Shooting Angels is the fourth studio album by the black metal band Nargaroth .
`` Heul doch '' ( English : Go ahead and cry ) and `` Shut Up '' are rock songs by German singer LaFee .
El Turista is the eighth studio album by the singer - songwriter , Josh Rouse .
Where We Are is the ninth studio album and tenth album overall by Irish boy band Westlife .
Sayin ' Somethin' is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Atlantic label featuring four performances by Adderley with an 11-piece orchestra and four by Adderley 's Quintet with Joe Henderson , Herbie Hancock , Bob Cranshaw , and Roy McCurdy .
`` That 's What Little Girls Are Made Of '' is the debut mainstream single from Raven - Symoné featuring rapper Missy Elliott ( credited as her full name `` Melissa Elliott '' ) , taken from her debut studio album , Here 's to New Dreams .
Back on the Scene is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label .
`` Southern Comfort Zone '' is a song by country music singer Brad Paisley .
`` Man Gave Names to All the Animals '' is a song written by Bob Dylan that appeared on Dylan 's 1979 album Slow Train Coming and was also released as a single in some European countries .
Per Vers , runoilija is the second album of Juice Leskinen & Coitus Int , released in 1974 .
Kiss This World Goodbye is a 1978 album by R&B group Mtume .
`` Down by the Water '' is a song by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey .
`` Bad Girlfriend '' is the second single released by Theory of a Deadman from their album Scars & Souvenirs .
Everything Will Never Be OK is the debut album by British rock band Fiction Plane .
Nancy & Lee is a collaboration album by Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood .
`` Prisencolinensinainciusol '' ( prizeŋkolinensinainˈtʃuːzol ) is a song composed by Adriano Celentano , and performed by Celentano and his wife , singer / actress - turned - record producer Claudia Mori .
`` Fuego Contra Fuego '' ( English : `` Fire Against Fire '' ) is the first single from Ricky Martin 's debut solo album Ricky Martin .
The Fabric of Verse is the first Independent album by Christian Contemporary - Folk musician Bebo Norman .
Themes 2 is a Psychic TV album dedicated to Derek Jarman .
If I Have to Stand Alone is the debut album by Hi - NRG and house singer Lonnie Gordon .
The Five Ghosts is the fifth studio album by Stars , which was released worldwide on June 21 , 2010 , via Vagrant .
Slayed ? is the third album by the British rock group Slade .
`` Hang in Long Enough '' is a single performed by Phil Collins and released in 1990 from the album ...
Telemetry of a Fallen Angel ( 1995 ) is an album by The Crüxshadows , and was their first release on CD .
Coupés bien net et bien carré ( English : Cut very neat and very square ) is the second album from the French singer - turned - actress Sandrine Kiberlain .
Annihilation of the Wicked is the fourth studio album by American technical death metal band Nile .
Is That a Riot ? is an album recorded in 2006 by the Youngblood Brass Band .
Who 's Been Sleeping in My Brain is the debut studio album by English deathrock band Alien Sex Fiend .
`` You Think You 're a Man '' is the fifth single from the album The Story So Far by Divine .
Nina 's Choice is an album by singer / pianist / songwriter Nina Simone .
`` Talk About the Passion '' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. , released as the second single released from its debut album Murmur in 1983 and a live performance at Larry 's Hideaway , Toronto , Canada , from July 9 , 1983 was released on the 2008 Deluxe Edition reissue of that album .
There 's the Rub is the fifth studio album by rock band Wishbone Ash .
Di Meola Plays Piazzolla is a tribute album by Al Di Meola to the Argentinian composer Ástor Piazzolla .
Joe 's Menage is a live album by Frank Zappa , posthumously released on October 1 , 2008 .
`` That 's Just the Way It Is '' is a single performed by Phil Collins and David Crosby that was released in 1990 from the album ...
`` These Are the Times '' is the second single released from Dru Hill 's second album , Enter the Dru .
The Unfairground is a 2007 album by Kevin Ayers , recorded with members of Ladybug Transistor , Teenage Fanclub , Neutral Milk Hotel , Gorky 's Zygotic Mynci and Roxy Music .
Arisen is a 2012 album by the band Lestat .
For a Lifetime is a piano - based instrumental album by Jonathan Cain released in 1998 .
All Little Devils is the 3rd studio album by the gothic metal band Dismal Euphony .
Esperando nada ( Spanish : Expecting nothing ) is the second album by Chilean singer Nicole .
This Is What We Believe is the fourth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust .
Regressive by Default is the debut album by Russian band DeadXheaD , released in 2006 .
The Last Separation ( 最后一次分手 ) , aka Vicki 's New and Best , is a 2001 album by mainland Chinese pop singer Zhao Wei .
El Que Sabe , Sabe is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican recording artist Tego Calderón , released 8 years after his last studio album , El Abayarde Contraataca , and 3 years after his mixtape The Original Gallo Del País .
`` King Wizard '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi , taken from his third studio album Indicud ( 2013 ) .
`` If U Seek Amy '' ( edited for radio as `` If U See Amy '' ) is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her sixth studio album , Circus ( 2008 ) .
`` You Wanted the Best '' is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss , released on their eighteenth studio album Psycho Circus in 1998 .
This Is Forever is the second full - length studio album by She Wants Revenge .
Here 's Jaki is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1961 and released on the New Jazz label .
`` Lost in Your Eyes '' is the sixth single from American singer - songwriter , Debbie Gibson , and the first from her second album , Electric Youth .
The First Letter is the ninth studio album and the last album released by Wire before their second extended hiatus .
No Place to Run is the eighth studio album by the British rock band UFO .
Return of the Mother is the eleventh ( ninth studio ) by Nina Hagen , released in 2000 .
I - Testament is the sixth studio album by the reggae , dancehall artist Capleton .
Henry the Human Fly was the first solo album by British singer / songwriter / guitarist Richard Thompson .
`` Never Going Nowhere '' was the second single released by The Bluetones from their fourth album , Luxembourg , in 2003 .
`` Tempted to Touch '' is a 2004 hit single by Barbadian artist Rupee .
Structures from Silence ( 1984 ) is the third album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach .
Hombre Lobo : 12 Songs of Desire is the seventh studio album by American rock band Eels , released on June 2 , 2009 .
`` Heart of the Country '' is a song written by Paul and Linda McCartney from their album Ram released in 1971 .
Stratavarious is an album by Ginger Baker , the drummer from Cream , released by Polydor in 1972 .
`` Daría '' ( I Would Give ) is a song recorded and performed by Spanish / Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación .
Hits Alive is the title of a greatest - hits album package released by American country music artist Brad Paisley .
Afro - Classic is an album by flautist Hubert Laws released on the CTI label featuring performances of popular and classical music by Laws recorded at Rudy Van Gelder 's studio in 1970 .
`` The Mountain 's High '' is a 1961 hit R&B song written and performed by the California duo Dick and Dee Dee .
The Distance to Here is the fourth studio album by the band Live , released in 1999 .
Promises and Lies is the tenth album by the British reggae band UB40 , released in 1993 .
`` Act Naturally '' is a song written by Johnny Russell and Voni Morrison , originally recorded by Buck Owens and the Buckaroos , whose version reached number 1 on the Billboard Country Singles chart in 1963 , his first chart - topper .
M.F. Horn Two is a 1972 big band jazz album by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson .
`` Seanchas '' is a pop song by Irish group Clannad .
Paper Monsters is the solo debut album by Depeche Mode 's lead singer Dave Gahan .
Die schönsten Volkslieder ( The Most Beautiful Folk Songs ) is the fifth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
`` 57 Channels ( And Nothin' On ) '' is a song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen , appearing on his album Human Touch , released in 1992 .
Public Display of Infection is the debut album by Boston rock band Tijuana Sweetheart ( formerly known as VAGIANT Boston ) , released on October 21 , 2007 .
`` In Spite of All the Danger '' is one of the first songs recorded by The Quarrymen , then composed of John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison , pianist John Lowe and drummer Colin Hanton .
The King of Limbs is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead , produced by Nigel Godrich .
Sittin ' on Chrome is the second and final album from Hip Hop group Masta Ace Incorporated , which includes Ace , Lord Digga , Paula Perry and Leschea .
Dear Ella is a 1997 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater , recorded in tribute to Ella Fitzgerald , who had died the previous year .
K.O.S.M.O.S is a 1996 album by Dutch singer Valensia .
Designer Music is the third album by American disco act Lipps , Inc. , and the last featuring Cynthia Johnson on lead vocals .
Theory of Art is a 1987 reissue of A Night in Tunisia , a 1957 jazz album released by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers for RCA 's Vik label .
The Clockforth Movement is the 2002 debut album by alternative hip hop artist Penny .
OneOneThousand is the third full - length studio album by American post - hardcore band Burden of a Day .
Ones All is a solo album by bassist Dave Holland recorded in 1993 and originally released on the German VeraBra label .
Tha Smokin ' Nephew is the first major label studio album by the rapper Baby Bash and his third album overall .
`` We Hold On '' is the second single released by Australian singer Kaz James .
Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music Volume Two is a 1962 album by Ray Charles .
`` Then the Morning Comes '' is a song by American band Smash Mouth .
Son del Corazón is the first album released by Mexican singer Pilar Montenegro .
Swallowed in Black is the second full length album by Sadus released in 1990 .
`` Road to Nowhere '' is a rock song written by David Byrne for the 1985 Talking Heads album Little Creatures .
Leading Vision is the second full length album by technical death metal band Gorod .
`` 48 Crash '' is Suzi Quatro 's third solo single and was released after `` Can the Can '' .
`` The Bungy '' is the second major single by the Japanese band Nico Touches the Walls released on June 4 , 2008 , from their debut album Who Are You ? .
`` Everybody Is a Star '' , released in December 1969 , is song written by Sylvester Stewart and recorded by Sly and the Family Stone .
`` Do Fries Go with That Shake ? '' is a song by Parliament - Funkadelic leader George Clinton .
Unspoiled Monsters is the seventh album by the Danish alternative rock act Sort Sol and the fifth after the renaming of the band from the earlier Sods .
Pop Goes the World is the third studio album by Canadian new wave band Men Without Hats , released in 1987 .
Digital Priests is a demo album by industrial band Deitiphobia , originally released under the name Donderfliegen in 1990 on Compact Cassette only by an independent label , Slava Music .
`` Almost a Memory Now '' is a song written by Van Stephenson , Dave Robbins and Dale Oliver , recorded by American country music band Blackhawk .
Mind on the Moon is an album by Canadian reggae musician Snow , released in 2000 .
Third Annual Pipe Dream is an album by the southern rock band Atlanta Rhythm Section , released in 1974 .
Lines , Vines and Trying Times is the fourth and final studio album by the Jonas Brothers .
Cosmic Dancer is the fifth studio album by British pop act Shakespears Sister .
`` Sexual Guarantee '' is a song performed by Swedish band Alcazar , from their debut studio album Casino ( 2000 ) .
`` Abrázame Fuerte '' ( `` Hold Me Tight '' ) is a ballad written by Jorge Luis Piloto , produced by Rudy Perez and performed by Puerto - Rican American singer Lourdes Robles .
`` Rhinestone Eyes '' was intended to be the fourth and final single from virtual band Gorillaz 's third studio album , Plastic Beach .
Cortical Tectonics is the third studio album by American progressive metal band Canvas Solaris .
`` The Secret Is Love '' is the Austrian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf , sung in English by Nadine Beiler .
Big Band Theory is an album by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded and released on the Watt / ECM label in 1993 .
Back to the Basic is the first EP from South Korean R&B and pop singer Rain .
Running After Deer is the first album by filmmaker Alix Lambert and producer Travis Dickerson .
Dawgwood is a 1993 all - instrumental album by American musician David Grisman , recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet .
First War of the World is the fourth full - length album by the German Viking / pagan metal band Black Messiah .
`` Lighters ( The One ) '' ( originally called `` The One '' ) , is a song by British singer Gabz , released as her debut single on 30 June 2013 in the United Kingdom .
A Frank Exploration of Voyeurism and Violence was Kane Hodder 's first EP .
`` Fly from the Inside '' is the first song on Shinedown 's first album Leave a Whisper and the lead single from it .
Nada Se Compara Contigo ( Nothing Compares to You ) is the tenth studio album released by Salvadorian performer Álvaro Torres on November 19 , 1991 .
Sid Sings is the first released solo live album by English punk rock musician Sid Vicious .
The Whole Story is a compilation album by the English singer Kate Bush .
From 1979 to 1986 Soviet television broadcast a series of five made - for - TV films in eleven parts , The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson , with Vasily Livanov as Holmes and Vitaly Solomin as Watson .
Ekpombi ( Broadcast ) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki .
`` Remember December '' is a song recorded by American singer Demi Lovato for her second studio album , Here We Go Again .
Abot Kamay ( Filipino , `` Within Reach '' ) is the fifth studio album by The Dawn , released in 1992 .
Signed and Sealed in Blood is the eighth studio album by the Dropkick Murphys .
Will 's Future ( traditional Chinese : Will 's 未來式 ; simplified Chinese : Will 's 未来式 ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan 's ( Chinese : 潘瑋柏 ) first Mandarin compilation album .
Visionary Position is the debut album by Welsh progressive rock band Panic Room .
Watching in Silence is a 2003 release by Circle II Circle .
Lux Noctis is the first full - length studio album by German gothic metal band Coronatus , released in 2007 .
Dinnertime is the second album by Alex Taylor , brother of James , Livingston and Kate Taylor .
Little Leviathan is an album by singer Michelle Lewis .
`` Hot in Herre '' is a song by American rapper Nelly from his second studio album Nellyville ( 2002 ) .
100 Lovers is the sixth studio album from the band DeVotchKa .
The Moment You Realize You 're Going to Fall is the second studio album by American industrial rock band Black Light Burns , released on August 14 , 2012 .
Fuzao ( Chinese : 浮躁 ; pinyin : Fúzào ) is a 1996 Mandopop album by the C - pop singer Faye Wong .
`` There You Have It '' is a song written by Steve Bogard and Rick Giles , and recorded by American country music band Blackhawk .
A Natural Disaster is the seventh album by the British rock band Anathema .
First Strike Still Deadly is a compilation album by Testament , released in 2001 .
Hypnotize the Moon is American country music singer Clay Walker 's third studio album .
To the Races is the second solo album by Eric Bachmann , also of the bands Crooked Fingers and Archers of Loaf .
Dark Is the Way , Light Is a Place is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band Anberlin , their second album released through major label Universal Republic , on September 7 , 2010 .
`` In Your Head '' is a song by Swedish - Congolese singer - songwriter Mohombi .
`` As Good as I Once Was '' is a song co - written and recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart .
`` I Bought a Flat Guitar Tutor '' is a song by 10cc appearing on their 1977 album , Deceptive Bends .
`` As for One Day '' ( Azu fō Wan Dei ) is the eighteenth single of J - pop idol group Morning Musume and was released April 23 , 2003 .
In Between Jobs is the third album by British R&B singer Lynden David Hall , released in April 2005 on the Random Records label .
Overcoats was singer - songwriter John Hiatt 's second album , released in 1975 .
Teensville is the title of a recording by American guitarist and producer Chet Atkins , released in 1960 .
Full Colors is the 21st album by the jazz fusion group Casiopea recorded and released in 1991 .
`` Carrie Anne '' is a song written by Allan Clarke , Graham Nash , and Tony Hicks and released by British pop rock group The Hollies .
Relentless Retribution is the sixth studio album by Filipino - American thrash metal band , Death Angel .
More Grey Hairs is a compilation album by American rapper Reks , released March 10 , 2009 , on ShowOff records .
`` Played - A - Live ( The Bongo Song ) '' is a song performed by Danish percussion duo Safri Duo .
Rest Inside the Flames is the third album by metalcore band 36 Crazyfists .
`` Untitled 4 Ballads '' is a song by the Japanese J - pop group Every Little Thing , released on December 18 , 2002 , as their twenty - third single .
The Waitress is the second album by folk singer - songwriter Jonathan Byrd .
Perilous is the thirteenth studio album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer , released on October 23 , 2012 by Arion Records / Sound Resources .
The Fidelity Wars is the second full - length album by British indie rock band Hefner .
`` Early Christmas Morning '' is a song by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper , from her sixth studio album and first Christmas album , Merry Christmas ...
`` You Have n't Done Nothin' '' is a 1974 funk single by Stevie Wonder , taken from his album Fulfillingness ' First Finale and featuring background vocals by The Jackson 5 .
Pumpkin , Powder , Scarlet & Green is the third album released by the 60 's pop group The American Breed , released in the summer of 1968 .
Maybe I 'm Dreaming is the debut studio album by American electronica project Owl City , released on December 16 , 2008 .
Fail on Cue is the fourth major label studio album released in 2008 by Jimmie 's Chicken Shack .
Kings of Punk is the title of the third release and first LP by hardcore punk band Poison Idea , released in 1986 through Pushead 's Pusmort Records label .
`` Schwarz / Weiss '' also `` Schwarz / Weiß '' ( Black / White ) is a song by Bela B ..
Staying on the Watch is the debut album by jazz musician Sonny Simmons .
Turnin ' On was the first and most successful album by the group High Inergy .
`` Still I '' is a 2007 song by R&B singer CeCe Peniston , recorded in collaboration with Rodney R.K. Jackson and Felipe `` Wax '' Delgado , who initially found success producing and co - writing the Peniston 's gold - certified album Finally on A&M Records in 1992 .
Christmas Time Again is the title as well as being the name of one of the songs on Lynyrd Skynyrd 's Christmas - themed eleventh studio album , released in 2000 .
Quecksilber is the second album released by German band Stahlmann , in 2012 .
`` Do n't Stop That Crazy Rhythm '' is a Top 20 single from UK band Modern Romance .
`` Love at the Five and Dime '' is a song written and originally recorded by Nanci Griffith and later recorded and released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea .
Live Seeds is the first official live album by Australian post - punk band , Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds .
Blue Gator is the third album led by saxophonist Willis Jackson featuring organist Jack McDuff and guitarist Bill Jennings which was recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Prestige label .
`` United States of Eurasia '' is a song by English alternative rock band Muse and is featured on their fifth studio album The Resistance .
`` Forsaken , Not Forgotten '' is a split single released by Swedish progressive metal band Burst and Lash Out .
Wherever You Are Tonight is the fifth and final studio album release by American country music singer Keith Whitley .
Things Are Getting Better is the 11th album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley , and his second release on the Riverside label , featuring performances with Milt Jackson , Wynton Kelly , Percy Heath and Art Blakey .
Perfectly Defect is an album by Mortiis , released 10 October 2010 initially as a free internet download , although later available through digital music shops such as iTunes .
`` Mientes '' ( English : You Lie ) is a Spanish language song by Mexican pop group Camila released as the lead single from their second studio album , Dejarte de Amar released on November 17 , 2009 through Sony Music , the song was written by Mario Domm and Mónica Vélez .
`` All Signs Point to Lauderdale '' is the second single from A Day to Remember 's fourth album , What Separates Me from You , released on June 7 , 2011 .
`` Still Speedin ' '' is a single released by Ghanaian British musician Sway as the lead single from his upcoming third album The Deliverance .
Dusty in Memphis is the fifth studio album by English singer Dusty Springfield .
Whatcha Doin' is the debut album by Detroit garage punk band The Go , released in 1999 .
A Portrait of Duke Ellington is an album featuring trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and orchestra performing compositions associated with Duke Ellington , recorded in 1960 and released on the Verve label .
Misled by Certainty is the sixth studio album by the Colorado - based deathgrind band Cephalic Carnage .
The 45 Session is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1958 but first released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1975 as Minor Revelation .
`` Do n't You Know ? '' is a 1959 popular song by written by Bobby Worth , and hit record for singer Della Reese .
Cupcakes Taste Like Violence is the second extended play by American singer - songwriter , Jeffree Star .
`` Rockin ' Years '' is a song written by Floyd Parton , and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Dolly Parton and Ricky Van Shelton .
`` Finders Are Keepers '' is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams , Jr ..
`` Pull Me Under '' is the first track and first single from Dream Theater 's 1992 album Images and Words .
`` Baggy Trousers '' is a song by English ska / pop band Madness from their 1980 album Absolutely .
Fill Your Boots is the second full - length album by the English punk band Leatherface .
`` Inner Smile '' is a song by Scottish pop group Texas , originally released on their 2000 album The Greatest Hits and co - written by Gregg Alexander and Rick Nowels .
Love ± Zero ( pronounced `` Love Plus / Minus Zero '' ) is an album by the Japanese band Soul Flower Union .
`` I Can Still Feel You '' is a song written by Kim Tribble and Tammy Hyler , and recorded by American country music singer Collin Raye that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart .
At the Dawn of War is the third full - length album by Slechtvalk , released in February 2005 .
Jubilee Shout ! ! ! is the seventh album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine , recorded for the Blue Note label in 1962 , but not released until 1986 .
`` The Sound Above My Hair '' is the third single release from the Scooter album Under the Radar Over the Top , following `` J'adore Hardcore '' and `` Ti Sento '' .
My Guilty Pleasure is the second studio album by Swedish electronic duo Sally Shapiro .
The Purity Album is the fifth album ( first major studio album ) released by South Park Mexican .
Rebels , Rogues & Sworn Brothers is an album by punk / alt - country band Lucero .
Planeta Kumbia ( English : Kumbia Planet ) is the second studio album by Mexican - American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz and the sixth studio album by Mexican - American musician A.B. Quintanilla .
`` ¿ A quién le importa ? '' ( English : literally , `` To whom does it matter ? '' ; idiomatically , `` Who cares ? '' ) is a successful single released from the Spanish pop rock band Alaska y Dinarama 's 1986 No es pecado album .
General Patton vs. The X - Ecutioners is a collaboration album released by Mike Patton and New York City 's hip - hop DJ trio The X - Ecutioners .
Ravenchild is the first album recorded by Maddy Prior after she stopped working with the Carnival Band .
Police Doggy is an EP release by Parliament - Funkadelic / P - Funk All - Stars .
`` Just Walk Away '' is the seventh single from Celine Dion 's album The Colour of My Love .
Unknown Colors is the debut full - length studio album by Swedish quintet Sad Day for Puppets .
¡ No Me Toques Las Palmas Que Me Conozco ! is María Isabel 's first album and was released in 2004 .
`` Kill Rock ' n Roll '' is a promotional single by Armenian American rock band System of a Down , released on July 2006 .
A Love Extreme is the first studio album by the Charlotte , North Carolina based artist Benji Hughes .
Det gör ont en stund på natten men inget på dan is a studio album from Swedish pop music singer Lena Philipsson , led by the first single and # 1 hit `` Det gör ont '' ( `` It Hurts '' ) , which was the winning song at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2004 .
`` For One Day '' is the second single by Evermore , taken from their debut album Dreams .
Seant is a studio album by Andrzej Trzaskowski Sextet released on Polskie Nagrania in 1966 as Polish Jazz series volume 11 .
Boogadaboogadaboogada ! is the second studio album by the Chicago - based punk rock band Screeching Weasel .
Love Visions is Nobunny 's debut LP album , released in 2008 .
Songs from the Movies and More is the 32nd studio album released by Irish singer Daniel O'Donnell in 2012 .
Manual For Successful Rioting is the third album by French electronic turntable band Birdy Nam Nam .
Tweedles is a concept album by The Residents released on October 31 , 2006 .
`` Girl 's Best Friend '' is a 1999 single by rapper Jay - Z that features vocals from Mashonda .
`` Lost and Forgotten '' is a song by Peter Nalitch and Friends , who represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 , in Oslo .
Mild - Mannered Supermen is the first studio album by band The Roy Clark Method , released in 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) .
Midnight Moods is a Jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli , recorded in 1960 on the Savoy label .
The World is Outside is DVD - R that contains audio and video an audio extract release of the DVD The World is Outside by Nosound .
`` Everywhere That I 'm Not '' was a hit single for San Francisco new wave group Translator in 1982 , from the Columbia/415 album Heartbeats And Triggers .
The Black Dirt Sessions is the third album by American indie - rock band Deer Tick .
The Trial of St. Orange is the second album of the Montreal - based collective , Shalabi Effect .
`` Zorbas '' ( or more commonly , `` Zorba 's Dance '' ) is a song by Greek composer Mikis Theodorakis .
`` There Will Never Be Another Tonight '' is a rock song written by Bryan Adams , Robert Lange and Jim Vallance for Adams sixth studio album Waking Up the Neighbours ( 1991 ) .
`` Drowning ( Face Down ) '' is the third single by the hard rock band Saving Abel from their self - titled debut album .
`` Cherchez La Ghost '' is a song from Supreme Clientele , the second album by rapper Ghostface Killah , and features fellow Wu - Tang Clan member U - God and singer Madam Majestic .
Každý niečo hrá ( English : Everybordy Plays ) is the sixth studio album by Modus , released on OPUS in 1985 .
My Bonnie is a 1962 album by English rock and roll musician Tony Sheridan .
Down Here on the Ground is the nineteenth album by guitarist Wes Montgomery , released in 1968 .
`` In My Secret Life '' is a song written and performed by Leonard Cohen and Sharon Robinson .
The Vanishing Race is the 12th album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1993 .
`` Was zählt '' ( What counts ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
Soon Over Babaluma is the sixth studio album by the rock music group Can .
Desire for Freedom was singer / songwriter Jim Diamond 's second studio album .
Broken Safety 2 is the second album by Harlem - based rapper 40 Cal . and a sequel to his debut album , Broken Safety .
Burning for You is a studio album by English band Strawbs , with cover art by Patrick Woodroffe .
I Got ta Right to Swing is a 1960 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. , accompanied by an uncredited Count Basie Orchestra , minus Count Basie himself .
ReliXIV is the thirteenth full - length studio album by American thrash metal band Overkill , released in spring 2005 .
Cheap at Half the Price is a 1983 solo album by English guitarist , composer and improviser Fred Frith .
`` Forgive Me , John '' is a song written by Fuzzy Owen , Jean Shepard , and Lewis Talley and was recorded by Ferlin Husky and Jean Shepard .
`` Something Beautiful Remains '' is a single released by Grammy Award winning singer Tina Turner in 1996 on Tina 's Wildest Dreams album .
Candy Eyed ( aka Pan de Lonely ) is the second album by American indie rock singer Katy Rose .
Sings from the Heart is the 1962 country music studio album released by George Jones in June 1962 .
Feels Like Comin ' Home is the `` comeback '' album by the band Bonfire .
`` Still the One '' is a song written by Johanna Hall and John Hall , and recorded by the soft rock group Orleans on their album Waking and Dreaming , released in 1976 , which made it to No . 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
It 's Frightening is the second album by the American indie rock band the White Rabbits .
`` Ratamahatta '' is Sepultura 's ninth official single , and the last of three to be taken from the album Roots , released in 1996 .
`` Eyes Love You '' is the debut single by Japanese musician hide , released on August 5 , 1993 .
Tattoo You is the 16th British and 18th American studio album by The Rolling Stones , released in 1981 .
Short Wave on a Cold Day is the sixth album released by Kalamazoo - based art rock band Thought Industry .
My Truth is the second studio album by Swedish recording artist Robyn .
A Pesar de Todo is the fourth album recorded by Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle released on June 3 , 1997 .
Dagger Paths is a 2010 studio EP by Forest Swords .
A New Disease Is Born is the third full - length studio album by the Greek / Swedish melodic death metal band , Nightrage .
The Fun of Watching Fireworks was the debut album by The American Analog Set .
`` Set the Fire to the Third Bar '' is a song from Snow Patrol 's fourth album , Eyes Open , featuring Martha Wainwright on vocals .
`` Rosalita ( Come Out Tonight ) '' is a 1973 song by Bruce Springsteen , from his The Wild , the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle album , and is especially famed as a concert number for Springsteen and The E Street Band .
`` Ne me quitte pas '' ( English : `` Do n't leave me '' ) is a 1959 French song by the Belgian singer - songwriter Jacques Brel .
Devoid is the first official album released by Italian melodic death metal band Dark Lunacy .
`` FourFiveSeconds '' is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna , American rapper Kanye West and English musician Paul McCartney .
`` Sex and Candy '' is a song released by American alternative rock group Marcy Playground .
Kill the Rhythm ( Like a Homicide ) is the sixth album by old school hip hop / hardcore rapper Just - Ice , it was released in 1995 .
Halfway Between Here and There is the second full length release by ska band Rx Bandits .
You Got ta Take a Little Love is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1969 , featuring performances by Silver with Randy Brecker , Bennie Maupin , John Williams , and Billy Cobham .
Go Now and Live is the second full - length album by English post - hardcore band We Are the Ocean , released on April 25 , 2011 .
Super Sunshine is Gary Chaw 's third album was released on 4 January 2008 .
Dangereuse Attraction is the second studio album by French Canadian singer Marie - Mai .
Rafael Barba is a fictional character portrayed by Raúl Esparza , who joined the cast of the long - running NBC crime drama series Law & Order :
Aktar Wahed ( Arabic : أكتر واحد ) , is a studio album by Amr Diab , and was released in 2001 .
Liebe ist ... ( Love is ... ) is the eighteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
`` Believe Again '' is a electronica influenced pop song written by Delta Goodrem , Brian McFadden , Stuart Crichton and Tommy Lee James , produced by Stuart Crichton and Marius de Vries for Goodrem 's third studio album Delta ( 2007 ) .
En la Línea del Frente ( Spanish : on the front line ) is the sixth studio album by street punk band The Casualties , and is a Spanish remake of the predecessor `` On the Front Line '' , the mother tongue of vocalist Jorge .
`` Throw Ya Hands Up '' is a song recorded by Canadian band Stereos , which features vocals from rapper Jhevon Paris .
`` Lost in This Moment '' is a song written by John Rich , Keith Anderson and Rodney Clawson , and by American country music duo Big & Rich .
`` Reflections of a Sound '' is a song by Australian rock band Silverchair and is the fourth track on their fifth studio album Young Modern , released in March 2007 .
`` The National Front Disco '' is a song by Morrissey which appears on the album Your Arsenal .
Yestergroovin ' is an album by guitarist Chet Atkins , released in 1970 .
Dark Beauty is an album by American pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1974 and released on SteepleChase .
In the 1960s , `` Baby , Please Do n't Go '' became a popular rock song after the Northern Irish group Them recorded it in 1964 .
Music from the Edge of Heaven is the third and final studio album from British pop duo Wham ! , in 1986 .
`` Le goût du pain '' is a world music song performed by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas .
Room for Abuse is the second full - length album by the Tewkesbury ska punk band Spunge .
Red Resistor is the third studio album by Von LMO , released in 1996 by Variant Records .
Burn the World is the second album by the Swedish hardcore punk band AC4 , released on Ny Våg ( Ny Våg # 133 ) in Sweden and Deathwish Inc. ( DW145 ) in the United States , in March 2013 .
`` Stripper Vicar '' is a song by Chester rock band Mansun released in 1996 .
From N.Y. is the second studio album from the a cappella group Rockapella .
Chipmunks in Low Places is a country album written by John Boylan and Andrew Gold and performed by Alvin and the Chipmunks .
Ramblin ' Fever is the 25th studio album by American country singer Merle Haggard , released in 1977 .
`` Love Comes '' is a song recorded by British girl group Bananarama .
All 'bout Smoke ' n Mirrors is the first album from Portuguese pop rock band Fingertips .
We the Common is an album by alternative folk band Thao & The Get Down Stay Down .
`` All Around Me '' is a song performed by American band Flyleaf from their self - titled debut album , Flyleaf ( 2005 ) .
New York What Is Funky is an album by the Ultramagnetic MCs .
Antennas to Hell is the first greatest hits compilation by Iowa heavy metal band Slipknot .
O Dia em que a Terra Parou ( Portuguese for The Day the Earth Stood Still ) is the fifth solo studio album by Brazilian musician Raul Seixas .
`` Beautiful Tonight '' is the fourth single from the album Make Some Noise by Krystal Meyers , released in the United States and Japan in 2008 .
Nunatak Gongamur is the first album from German Ambient music producer , Thomas Köner .
Live at the Fillmore East 1970 , is the fourth live album by Ten Years After recorded in February 1970 .
Rebuilt is the second and final studio album by the American girl group Girlicious .
Pura Vida Conspiracy is the sixth studio album by Gypsy - punk band Gogol Bordello .
`` Lovely Head '' is an electronic song performed by British group Goldfrapp .
Imagen Latina is an album by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo , originally released in 1992 and reedited twice in 2002 and 2008 .
`` I Hate You Then I Love You '' is a song sung as a duet between Celine Dion and Luciano Pavarotti .
`` 17 år '' is a single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio , from her second Studio album Och vinnaren är ....
`` Where Is the Feeling ? '' is a song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Kylie Minogue , taken from her fifth studio album Kylie Minogue ( 1995 ) .
`` Girl Why Do n't You '' is a song originally performed by Prince Buster , covered by ska band Madness for their 2005 album , `` The Dangermen Sessions Vol . 1 .
Candy Coated Fury is the eighth studio album from Reel Big Fish released on July 31 , 2012 .
`` Mi Buen Amor '' ( My Great Love ) was the second promotional and sixth overall single released by Gloria Estefan on her first Spanish album Mi Tierra .
Machine II Machine is the fifth studio album by the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch .
Little Movements is an album by German double bassist and composer Eberhard Weber recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label .
The Rebel You Love to Hate is the sixth full - length studio album from American crossover thrash band , M.O.D ..
Oceans of Venus is the second album from London - based glam rockers , Rachel Stamp .
The Real Don is the third album by French musician Lord Kossity , released in 2001 on the label Naïve Records .
Abandoned Garden is a smooth vocal jazz album by American singer - songwriter and musician Michael Franks .
Big Baller is the fifth album released by MC Breed .
`` Liebesspieler '' ( Love Player ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
The Optimist LP is the first full - length album release by Turin Brakes .
Let There Be Country is the seventh studio album by country singer Marty Stuart , released in 1992 .
God 's Project is the fourth album released by Bachata group Aventura .
`` Megamix ' 93 '' is the twenty sixth single by Dutch girl group Luv ' released in 1993 by Arcade Records .
Le droit de rêver is the debut album by French singer - songwriter Tal released by Warner Music France .
`` The Universal '' is a song by English alternative rock band Blur and is featured on their fourth studio album , The Great Escape .
The Fabulous Impressions is an album by the American soul music group The Impressions .
Up at the Lake is the eighth album by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans , released on 17 May 2004 .
`` Wiser Time '' is a single by The Black Crowes , featured on their album Amorica , released in 1994 .
`` Keen on Disco '' is the second single by the Danish dance / house duo Infernal from From Paris to Berlin , their most successful album to date .
Smoko at the Pet Food Factory is a 2011 album by the Australian punk band Frenzal Rhomb .
Bergman Rock 's second album Bonjour Baberiba Pt II was recorded in only seven days .
Bitter Tea is the fifth full - length album by The Fiery Furnaces , released on April 18 , 2006 via Fat Possum in the U.S and Rough Trade in the UK .
Ge - trans - for - meer , the fourth studio album of Johannes Kerkorrel , was released in 1996 .
`` ( So Tired of Standing Still We Got to ) Move On '' , titled simply `` Move On '' in some releases , is a song written and recorded by James Brown .
Translate Slowly is the 1985 debut album by The Reivers .
`` Tracking Treasure Down '' is a song recorded by dance music DJs and producers Gabriel & Dresden .
`` Taken by a Stranger '' is a song by German singer Lena Meyer - Landrut that represented Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf , earning 107 points and 10th place .
On an Island is the third solo album by Pink Floyd member David Gilmour .
`` One Thousand Voices '' is a single by the coaches of the Dutch television programme The Voice of Holland .
`` Sherry Fraser '' is the name of the third single by alternative rock / post - grunge band Marcy Playground .
Ciudad de Brahman ( in English Brahman 's City ) is the second studio album by stoner rock band Los Natas .
`` Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo ( Heartbreaker ) '' is the fourth track on The Rolling Stones ' 1973 album Goats Head Soup .
`` The Seed ( 2.0 ) '' is the second single by The Roots from their fifth album Phrenology ( 2002 ) .
Secret Robot Control is the second full - length album by the band Baboon .
Upon the Wings of Music is an album by jazz fusion artist Jean - Luc Ponty .
`` Size Matters ( Someday ) '' is a song written by Byron Hill and Mike Dekle , and was recorded by American country music artist Joe Nichols .
The Golden Opportunities Mixtape is a free downloadable album by indie rock band Okkervil River .
Continued Silence EP is an EP by Las Vegas rock group Imagine Dragons , released digitally on February 14 , 2012 in the United States .
Kaķis is the seventh album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki , released in 2003 .
Letters Never Sent is singer - songwriter Carly Simon 's twentieth album , and eighteenth studio album , released in 1994 .
`` You Should Be Mine ( The Woo Woo Song ) '' is a 1986 song by Jeffrey Osborne from the album Emotional .
`` In My House '' is the first single released from the American girl group Mary Jane Girls album , Only Four You in 1985 .
The Never Ending Illusion is the second studio album from Italian Progressive metal band Daedalus .
In the Flames of Black Art is the first album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat , released in June , 1996 .
Macula Transfer is the third solo album released by Tangerine Dream leader Edgar Froese , in 1976 .
`` Real Sugar '' , written by Per Gessle , is a song by Roxette , released as the second single from their 2001 album Room Service .
`` Sports & Wine '' is a song from Ben Folds Five 's 1995 self - titled debut album .
`` Le vent nous portera '' ( translated as `` The wind will carry us '' ) is a song by French band Noir Désir from their 2001 album des Visages des Figures .
Castlemania is a studio album by San Francisco - based garage rock band Thee Oh Sees , the fifth album released by the band under the name `` Thee Oh Sees '' and their eleventh overall .
`` Manías '' ( `` Hobbies '' ) is a Latin pop ballad by Mexican singer Thalía , from her eleventh studio album Habítame Siempre .
Jazzurekcja ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˌd͡ʐɛzuˈrɛkt͡sja ) , a word play consisting of `` Jazz '' and `` Resurekcja '' ( resurrection ) ) is an album released by O.S.T.R. in 2004 .
`` You 'll Follow Me Down '' is a song by Skunk Anansie , released as the final single from Post Orgasmic Chill .
Knjiga žalbe is the sixth studio album released by the Croatian punk rock band Hladno pivo .
`` When It All Falls Apart '' is the third single released from The Veronicas ' debut album The Secret Life of ... on 21 March 2006 .
`` Be Yourself and 5 Other Cliches '' is the second single from the Hard Rock Supergroup Rock Star Supernova and was released on the band 's self - titled debut album Rock Star Supernova ( album ) .
Fight of My Life is the third full - length album by the Christian third - wave ska band , The Insyderz , and was released in late 1998 .
The Oncoming Storm is the second studio album by American metalcore band , Unearth .
Scurrilous is the third studio album by Canadian progressive metal band Protest the Hero .
Feel Me is the sixth album by the funk / R&B band Cameo , released in 1980 .
The Legend of Tashan Dorrsett is a remix album made by rapper Kool Keith .
Kisses in the Rain is John Pizzarelli 's Telarc Records debut from 2000 .
`` Sugar Walls '' is the second single from Sheena Easton 's 1984 album A Private Heaven that spent nine weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart .
`` Break 4 Love '' is a song written , produced and recorded by Vaughan Mason , the principal member of house music group Raze , the song 's original credited performer .
Dr. Gaius Baltar is a fictional character in the TV series Battlestar Galactica played by James Callis , a reimagining of Count Baltar from the 1978 Battlestar Galactica series .
Around the World in a Day is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Prince and The Revolution .
3:33 is the second studio album by Zug Izland , released on June 1 , 2004 .
`` A New Career in a New Town '' is an instrumental piece by David Bowie , recorded for his 1977 album Low .
`` I Left Something Turned On at Home '' is a song written by Billy Lawson and John Schweers and recorded by American country music singer Trace Adkins .
Look at My Butt Crack is the sixth comedy album recorded live on August 14 , 2014 in Las Vegas , Nevada at The Mirage by American stand - up comedian Kathy Griffin .
Stormblåst ( `` Stormblown '' in English ) is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir .
Maybe We 're Making God Sad and Lonely is the second full length by Dreamend , a Chicago - based band .
Home Before Dark is the twenty - seventh studio album by American singer - songwriter Neil Diamond .
We 've Come for You All is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax .
Almost a Dance is the second studio album by the Dutch doom metal band The Gathering , released in 1993 on Foundation 2000 Records .
Ghost Opera is the eighth studio album from metal band Kamelot .
`` Only the Fool Survives '' is the second single from the Donna Summer album All Systems Go and is a duet with Mickey Thomas , lead singer of the band Starship ( formerly Jefferson Starship ) .
The Wall of Sound is the second studio album by Israeli alternative folk artist Geva Alon , released on July 13 , 2007 .
`` I 've Got News for You '' is pop vocalist Feargal Sharkey 's first single from his final album .
`` Here Come the Nice '' is a song released by English rhythm and blues group Small Faces .
`` Shine On Forever ( Photo Frame ) '' is the first single from British pop duo Same Difference ' second studio album , The Rest Is History .
Broken Hymns , Limbs and Skin is the third album by alternative country band O'Death .
We Are Beautiful , We Are Doomed is the second full - length record from Cardiff - based seven - piece Los Campesinos!.
Deja Entendu is the second album from Long Island based rock band Brand New , released in 2003 .
`` Love Religion '' is a song recorded by German dance act U96 .
`` Lil Freak '' is a song by American recording artist Usher , taken from his sixth studio album , Raymond v. Raymond .
King of the Surf Guitar is the second studio album of surf music by Dick Dale , released in 1963 , featuring original and cover songs .
Oh Aaron is American teen pop singer Aaron Carter 's third studio album , released in the summer of 2001 .
Black Presents is an EP by The Icarus Line released on November 14 , 2006 in support of Black Lives at the Golden Coast .
Love Zone is the sixth album recorded by R&B singer Billy Ocean .
`` How Do You Do It ? '' was the debut single by Liverpudlian band Gerry and the Pacemakers .
Blue Moon Swamp is the fifth solo studio album by American singer / songwriter John Fogerty , released in 1997 Guest musicians for vocal backing , the Lonesome River Band , were invited to join in on `` Southern Streamline '' and `` Rambunctious Boy '' .
`` Skweeze Me , Pleeze Me '' is a popular song in the UK by Slade .
Duceifixion is an album released in summer 2009 by the American rape rock group The Mentors .
`` Older Than You '' is the third single by Eskimo Joe , taken from their second studio album A Song Is a City .
Still a Sigure Virgin ? ( stylised as still a Sigure virgin ? ) is Japanese band Ling Tosite Sigure 's fourth album , released on September 22 , 2010 .
`` Cuando pase el temblor '' ( Spanish for `` When the earthquake ends '' or `` When the tremor ends '' ) is a rock song by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo featured as the second track on the 1985 Nada personal album .
Stealing Chairs is the third album by 28 Days , released on September 17 , 2002 .
Solta o Pavão is a 1975 album by Brazilian artist Jorge Ben Jor .
`` Leider / Vergissmeinnicht '' ( Regrettably / Forget - me - not ) is a US limited edition double single from the German industrial metal band Eisbrecher , from their album Antikörper .
`` The Killing Moon '' is a song by the band Echo & the Bunnymen .
Bad 25 is the 25th anniversary edition reissue of American recording artist Michael Jackson 's seventh studio album Bad .
Christmas World is the second studio album by the German group Banaroo .
Music and Its Double is an album composed by John Zorn and featuring three contemporary compositions which were recorded in New York City in 2011 and Finland in 2012 and released on the Tzadik label in October 2012 .
Tribute to Bobby is a 2008 album by Mick Hucknall and his first solo album .
Three of a Perfect Pair is the tenth studio album by the band King Crimson , released in 1984 .
Monk 's Blues is an album by Thelonious Monk accompanied by a big band arranged and conducted by Oliver Nelson .
`` Winter , Again '' is the 16th single by Japanese band Glay .
Party Heard Around the World is the eighth studio album by American country music group Lonestar , released on April 27 , 2010 .
The Martyrdom of a Catastrophist is the first full - length studio album from American art rock band Junius .
Worn Copy is the eighth album from Ariel Pink 's Haunted Graffiti series , released on Rhystop in 2003 .
The San Francisco Concert is a live album by flautist Hubert Laws recorded at the Paramont Theatre in California in 1975 and released in 1977 on the CTI label .
`` Highway Do n't Care '' is a song performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw and features American singer - songwriter Taylor Swift on vocals , also Keith Urban on guitar .
`` Bitch Bad '' is a song performed by rapper Lupe Fiasco .
Soul Dancing is the third album by singer - songwriter , Taylor Dayne .
For the Sake of Revenge is a live album and DVD recorded by the Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica .
Somewhere Deep in the Night is the title of the seventh studio album by the British sophisti - pop group Swing Out Sister .
Back in Line is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span .
If You Want Blood Tour was a concert tour by Australian rock band AC / DC in support of the group 's 1st live album , If You Want Blood You 've Got It , released in 1978 .
Songs to Scream at the Sun is the second and final studio album by American hardcore band Have Heart .
Hasta Ahora ( `` ' Til Now '' ) is the compilation album from Sin Bandera .
Saharni is Najwa Karam 's thirteenth studio album released in 2003 .
Path of the Weakening is the third studio release by the American death metal band Deeds of Flesh .
Jazzosaurus Rex is an album by David Murray released on Bob Thiele 's Red Baron label .
Waiting for the Punchline is Extreme 's fourth album , which was released in 1995 .
Dancing on the Valentine is a Duran Duran Video 45 released by PMI in the UK and Sony in the US in October 1984 .
Fixed Star is the seventh album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2001 .
My Voice Story is a compilation album by British singer - songwriter from Brighton , Nick Howard .
U magnovenju ( In a Flash ) is the third studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Goblini , released by Metropolis Records in 1996 .
`` Rockin ' All Over the World '' is a rock song written by John Fogerty , formerly of Creedence Clearwater Revival .
Faces of Hope is the twenty - third album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill , recorded in 1980 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .
For Me , It 's You is Train 's fourth studio album and last recorded as a five - piece until 2014 's Bulletproof Picasso .
Breaking God 's Heart is the debut full - length album by British indie rock band Hefner .
Video Anthology Vol . 1 is an album of Nas ' music videos in DVD format .
Guerra Gaucha is the eighth album of Enanitos Verdes published in 1996 .
Cigarettes and Valentines is an unreleased album by punk rock band Green Day .
`` House of Salome '' is the third and final single from the Kim Wilde album Catch as Catch Can .
Defenders of the Faith is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest .
`` Chodź , pomaluj mój świat '' ( English : `` Come On , Paint My World '' ) is a 1971 song by Polish band 2 Plus 1 .
`` Dieses Leben '' ( German : This life ) is the name of the sixth single of German pop / rock group Juli .
`` No Presents for Christmas '' is a single by King Diamond released on December 25 , 1985 .
A Hollow Cost ( subtitled A Spoken Word Revelation by Genesis P - Orridge and Psychic TV featuring Larry Thrasher ) is a spoken word album by Genesis P - Orridge and Psychic TV featuring Larry Thrasher credited to Psychic TV & Genesis P - Orridge or Thee Majesty depending on the pressing .
`` Talk Dirty to Me '' is the second single from Poison , originally from the album Look What the Cat Dragged In .
`` Running to Stand Still '' is a song by rock band U2 , and it is the fifth track from their 1987 album , The Joshua Tree .
`` Love 's Comin ' At Ya '' is a dance - pop , funk and post - disco song recorded and released by singer Melba Moore , in 1982 .
`` The Right Thing '' is a single released by British soul group Simply Red in 1987 .
10 Song Demo is a 1996 album by Rosanne Cash , produced by her husband , John Leventhal .
Ballads of Sacco & Vanzetti is a set of ballad songs , written and performed by Woody Guthrie , related to the trial , conviction and execution of Sacco and Vanzetti .
Simply Deep is the debut solo album by American singer Kelly Rowland , first released by Columbia Records on October 22 , 2002 in North America , and by February 3 , 2003 throughout most international territories .
`` Monarchy of Roses '' is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' 2011 album I 'm with You and the album 's second single .
More B.S. is the second album by singer - songwriter Bree Sharp .
Go Plastic is an electronic music album by Squarepusher .
Voice of Jamaica is the third album by Jamaican dancehall reggae artist Buju Banton and was his international debut .
A Hyperactive Workout for the Flying Squad is the seventh album by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene .
We Ca n't Be Stopped is the third studio album by Geto Boys , released in 1991 .
`` Hope Never Dies '' is a song performed by Czech singers Marta Jandová and the song 's composer Václav Noid Bárta .
Guitar Bazaar is the second solo recording by Tim Sparks on the Acoustic Music Records label , released in 1995 .
Let It All Out is an album by Jazz singer / pianist / songwriter Nina Simone .
A Moment is the second album of R&B singer Lalah Hathaway .
Eik Tara ( English : One way ) is a pop album by Pakistani pop singer Waqar Ali , which was released in 2000 .
`` Mary Mac '' was the second single released by Australian rock band The Blackeyed Susans from their fourth studio album , Mouth To Mouth .
A Call to Us All is the fourth album from singer , songwriter , producer and composer Teri DeSario .
Worm Infested is the second EP by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse , released in 2003 through Metal Blade Records .
Life Is ... is the fifth original studio album released by Japanese singer Ken Hirai on the label Defstar Records ( Sony Music Entertainment ) .
`` You Still Own Me '' is a single by Scottish - Canadian country music artist Johnny Reid .
Unlucky Boy is the sixth album by the blues band , Chicken Shack , released in 1973 .
`` Same Old Lang Syne '' is a song written and sung by Dan Fogelberg released as a single in 1980 .
The Dirty Version is the solo debut from D.I.T.C. rapper A.G. of the duo Showbiz and A.G. The two temporarily split after their 1998 release Full Scale to pursue solo careers .
`` Mama 's Pearl '' was a hit recording for The Jackson 5 in 1971 and was written by The Corporation , a songwriting team that had helped the group score four consecutive # 1 singles for the group .
Open , to Love is a jazz album by Paul Bley .
`` Give Me the Meltdown '' is a song released from Rob Thomas ' second album , Cradlesong .
`` Rockin ' Back Inside My Heart '' is the second single from Julee Cruise 's 1989 debut album Floating into the Night .
`` Club Fantastic Megamix '' was a single released by Wham ! in 1983 , and was the last single release for the duo on Innervision Records .
`` Milk and Toast and Honey '' is the third single released from Swedish pop duo Roxette 's 2001 album Room Service .
Silent Machine is the debut studio album by the Australian rock band Twelve Foot Ninja .
Kiss tha Game Goodbye is the debut studio album by American rapper Jadakiss .
Vampire Ecstasy is the debut studio album by Japanese Darkwave duo , Aural Vampire .
Castaways and Cutouts is the first full - length album by The Decemberists , originally released on May 21 , 2002 , on Hush Records and reissued on May 6 , 2003 , on Kill Rock Stars .
Higher Plane is a gospel album by Al Green , released in 1982 .
Resurrection Macabre is the fifth studio album by Dutch technical death metal band Pestilence , which was released on March 16 , 2009 .
`` Love Party '' is a 1980 song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye , issued on his 1981 album , In Our Lifetime .
`` Flexaa '' is a song by Finnish rapper Cheek featuring Sanni and VilleGalle .
The Body & the Soul is the eighth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in 1963 as his second and last release on the Impulse ! label .
`` Love Makes Things Happen '' is the title of a number - one R&B single by Pebbles and Babyface .
`` Daylight in Your Eyes '' is the debut song by all - female German pop group No Angels .
Down Along the Cove is a song written and originally performed by Bob Dylan for his album John Wesley Harding .
`` See It in a Boy 's Eyes '' was the fourth single from British R&B singer Jamelia 's second album , Thank You .
Sehnsucht Live is the 3rd live album by German electronical musician , composer and producer Christopher von Deylen under his Schiller alias .
Are You Ready for the Big Show ? is the fourth album by American country music singer Radney Foster .
The Complete Wooden Nickel Recordings is a 2-Disc set released by Styx in 2005 .
Sheep Go to Heaven is a single by American alternative rock band Cake from their 1998 album Prolonging the Magic .
Fitness to Practice is a 2004 album produced for charity by Amateur Transplants ( Dr Adam Kay and Dr Suman Biswas ) .
Wonderwall Music is the soundtrack album to the 1968 film Wonderwall , and the debut solo release by English musician George Harrison .
Pos Allazei O Kairos is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi .
Gory Days is the second studio album by rapper Necro , released on November 7 , 2001 by Psycho+Logical - Records .
Minä Määrään is a single from the Finnish Industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt 's album U.S.C.H!.
`` I Just Want to Be Your Everything '' is a song recorded by Andy Gibb , initially released in 1977 .
`` Finest Worksong '' was the third and final single released from R.E.M. 's fifth studio album Document .
Emerging is the title of the only album by the Phil Keaggy Band , released in 1977 on NewSong Records .
Fishin ' for Woos is the ninth studio album released by pop punk band Bowling for Soup .
With Love and Squalor is the major label debut album from rock band We Are Scientists .
`` Los Infieles '' ( English : The Unfaithful ) is Aventura 's first single from their second live album K.O.B. Live .
Show Your Dance ( Chinese : 舞所不在 ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo 's fifth Mandarin studio album .
The Infant Hercules is the second demo album by the English progressive rock band , Big Big Train .
F♯ A♯ ∞ ( pronounced `` F - sharp , A - sharp , Infinity '' ) is the debut album of the Canadian post - rock band Godspeed You ! Black Emperor .
`` One Second of Insanity '' ( also styled as `` 1 Second of Insanity '' ) was the second single from the debut album , Begins Here , by Australian rock group , The Butterfly Effect and was released in 2003 .
`` End Credits '' is the first single to be taken from Drum and Bass duo Chase & Status ' second studio album , No More Idols .
The Brothel is an album released in Norway 2010 by the Norwegian artist Susanne Sundfør .
`` Window Shopper '' is a single by rapper 50 Cent .
Alphagene ( German for `` Alphagenes '' ) is the debut album by German rapper Kollegah .
As Yggdrasil Trembles is the 10th studio album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed .
State of Euphoria is the fourth studio album by the American thrash metal band Anthrax .
8Bit Heart is the debut album by American singer - songwriter and record producer Simon Curtis .
`` Here I Go Impossible Again '' is a song written and recorded by British synthpop duo Erasure .
`` Upgrade U '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé from her second studio album B'Day ( 2006 ) .
`` Cat 's in the Cradle '' is a 1974 folk rock song by Harry Chapin from the album Verities & Balderdash .
The Green World is the fourth studio album by American folk music singer - songwriter Dar Williams , released in 2000 .
`` D - O - G Me Out '' is a song by the American R&B group Guy recorded for their second studio album The Future ( 1990 ) .
Do n't Tread is the second and last studio album released by the American hard rock supergroup Damn Yankees .
Electric Fire is the fourth solo album by Roger Taylor , from the band Queen .
`` I Got I d '' , alternative title `` Merkinball '' , is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam featuring Neil Young .
Return to Magenta , issued in 1978 , is the second album by the rock band Mink DeVille .
A New Astronomy is the fourth album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle , released in 2006 by Sub Pop Records and A Silent Place .
Treasures from the Trash Heap is a tour - only album by indie rock band Elf Power .
Trading Snakeoil for Wolftickets is the second studio album by Gary Jules under the Sanctuary Records label .
`` Úsmev '' ( English : Smile ) is a song by the band Modus released on OPUS in 1977 .
You 're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic is the fourth solo album by Ian Hunter .
`` Turn On the Radio '' is a song written by Mark Oakley , Cherie Oakley and J. P. Twang , and recorded by American country music singer Reba McEntire to serve as the lead single for her 34th career album , All the Women I Am , which was released on November 9 , 2010 .
When Do We Start Fighting ... is an album by British band Seafood , released in July 2001 .
Playhouse of the Universe is album by American folk - rock group Wild Band of Snee .
A Public Disservice Announcement is the second album by the band Methods of Mayhem , released on September 21 , 2010 .
Autumn of the Seraphs is the fourth full - length release from the San Diego , California band Pinback .
Evel Knievel Factor is the second studio - album by the Finnish rock group Private Line .
Hot Trip to Heaven is the fifth studio album by British alternative rock band Love and Rockets , released in 1994 on American , after Beggar 's Banquet dropped the band for not creating a successful follow - up single to `` So Alive '' .
Diamonds and Dirt is the first solo studio album by Scottish guitarist Brian Robertson , released in 2011 .
Solo / Quartet is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1981 and 1982 and released on the Contemporary label .
`` Do n't Get Me Wrong '' is a song released by the pop - rock group The Pretenders .
Det överexponerade gömstället ( The Over Exposed Hideout ) is the ninth album by the Swedish indie rock band bob hund .
`` Braid My Hair '' is a R&B single by Mario .
Straight No Chase , is the second studio album by Dungeon Family associates P.A ..
`` Colder Weather '' is a song performed by the Zac Brown Band , an American country music group .
Sad or High Kicking is a folk album by Martin Simpson recorded and released in 1985 .
Bugs in Amber is the second album by the Bristol based jazz rock quartet Get the Blessing , released in 2009 ( see 2008 in music ) .
`` Rien ne me changera '' is the second single from the winner of A La Recherche De La Nouvelle Star - Jonatan Cerrada .
In Praise of Older Women and Other Crimes is the fifth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
The Years to Come is the third full - length album from Nodes of Ranvier and was released in 2005 .
No Place to Land is an album by New Zealand singer , Michael Murphy , and was released in 2004 .
Out of Myself is the first full - length album by progressive rock / metal band Riverside released on 21 September 2004 .
`` Down to Zero '' is a 1976 song by British singer - songwriter Joan Armatrading .
`` The Youngest Was the Most Loved '' is the second single from the Morrissey album Ringleader of the Tormentors , which reached # 14 in the UK and # 11 in the U.S. Singles Sales .
Uncle Dysfunktional is a studio album from Happy Mondays .
Ashes to Embers is the first full - length studio album by the heavy metal band Eyes of Fire .
`` They Dance Alone ( Cueca Solo ) '' is a protest song composed by English musician Sting and published first on his 1987 album ...
Total Evaporation is the fifth album by The Radiators , and their fourth studio album .
Nuestro Amor ( English : Our Love ) is the second studio album by Mexican pop band RBD .
The Tenement Year is Pere Ubu 's first album after reuniting ( following their 1982 break - up ) , and sixth overall .
Ghost of the Salt Water Machines is the second full - length album from American hardcore band Architect .
`` Wenn ich träume '' is the third German single recorded by American entertainer Connie Francis .
Let the War Against Music Begin is an album by American rock group The Minus 5 .
`` Roc Me Out '' is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna for her sixth studio album Talk That Talk ( 2011 ) .
Kyūtai ( 球体 ) is an album by Mucc released on March 4 , 2009 .
Trombipulation is a 1980 album by the funk band Parliament ( see 1980 in music ) .
Political Manifest is the seventh album by the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers , released in 2004 .
`` Living in Stereo '' is a song by German dance band R.I.O ..
`` In My Bed '' is a number - one platinum - selling R&B single by R&B group Dru Hill .
The Sagas Of ... is the first Studio Album by east London rapper Klashnekoff .
`` Headfirst for Halos '' is the sixth track and third single from My Chemical Romance 's debut album , I Brought You My Bullets , You Brought Me Your Love .
Love Is All I Need the second solo album of Yasmien Kurdi after her successful debut album , In the Name of Love .
Sexy as Hell is the seventh studio album by German singer -- songwriter Sarah Connor , released in German - speaking Europe on 22 August 2008 by Epic .
`` I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas '' is a Christmas novelty song written by John Rox ( 1902 - -1957 ) and performed by Gayla Peevey ( 10 years old at the time ) in 1953 .
Ich hasse Musik ( German for `` I hate music '' ) is an album by German heavy metal band Knorkator , released in 2003 .
Nata per me ( `` Born for me '' ) is a song by Italian singer Adriano Celentano .
Mystic Your Heart is the second album by Japanese , melodic death metal band Blood Stain Child .
Baldhead Slick & da Click , the 2001 release from American rapper Guru is his first solo recording outside his Jazzmatazz series of albums .
`` Maybe He 'll Notice Her Now '' is a song written by Tim Johnson and recorded by American country music artist Mindy McCready featuring Richie McDonald .
Live at Wembley ' 86 is a double live album by English rock band Queen .
The Payback is the 40th studio album by American musician James Brown .
A New Tide is the sixth studio album by the British indie rock band Gomez .
Hillbilly Jedi is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Big & Rich , released on September 18 , 2012 .
`` Tears in Heaven '' is a song by Eric Clapton and Will Jennings , from the 1991 Rush film soundtrack .
`` Party Like a Rockstar '' is a song by American hip hop group Shop Boyz .
Three Friends ( 1972 ) is a concept album by the British progressive rock band Gentle Giant .
`` Little Bit '' is a song by Swedish recording artist Lykke Li from her debut album , Youth Novels ( 2008 ) .
`` Set on You '' is a song recorded by English girl group Bananarama .
`` Between the Raindrops '' is a song by American alternative band Lifehouse , which features British singer , Natasha Bedingfield .
`` Girls of Summer '' is a single by American hard rock band Aerosmith .
You Got ta Sin to Get Saved is the second album by American singer / songwriter Maria McKee , released in 1993 ( see 1993 in music ) .
Strobelite Seduction is the fifth solo album by the house DJ Kaskade .
`` Humble Neighborhoods '' is a song from American singer P!nk 's third studio album Try This , written by Pink and Tim Armstrong .
Hits from the Bow is the debut album by Arsonists Get All the Girls , released February 6 , 2006 through Process Records .
`` She Moves ( Far Away ) '' is the 2014 debut single by German DJ and producer Alle Farben from his debut album Synesthesia - I Think in Colours and features the vocals of Graham Candy .
`` I 've Got So Much to Give '' is an R&B contemporary romantic ballad composed and recorded by popular soul artist Barry White and released in 1973 .
Paranoid Dream of the Zodiac is an album by the band Balzac .
`` The Centre of the Heart '' is a song by Swedish duo Roxette 's 2001 album Room Service .
The Locust Years is the third studio album by the progressive metal band Hammers of Misfortune .
`` Scream for More '' is the debut single by the female Belgian dance singer Kate Ryan and was released on February 19 , 2001 , in Belgium by the label EMI - Belgium .
Spiritualizing the Senses is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver , his second released on the Silverto label , featuring performances by Silver with Eddie Harris , Bobby Shew , Ralph Moore , Bob Maize , and Carl Burnett .
Never - Ending is the 3rd studio album by German power metal group Mystic Prophecy , released in October 2004 .
`` Touch a New Day '' is a song by German singer Lena Meyer - Landrut , written by entertainer Stefan Raab .
`` Lock U Down '' is a song by American recording artist Mýa Harrison on her fourth studio album Liberation ( 2007 ) .
High Priestess of Soul is a studio album by jazz singer , pianist and songwriter Nina Simone .
`` Mainstream Money '' is the third and final single from grime vocalist Tinchy Stryder 's debut album , Star in the Hood .
Unut Sevme ( English : Forget , do n't love ) is Turkish singer Candan Erçetin 's first single .
`` Have You Ever Been Mellow '' is the first single of the Party Animals and was released on their debut album Good Vibrations .
`` You Better Dance '' is a song by the American sibling group , The Jets .
Rick Grimes is a fictional character and the protagonist in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name , portrayed by Andrew Lincoln .
Ben Chapman plays the Gill - man on land in the first film , followed by Tom Hennesy in the second , and Don Megowan in the third .
The Giancana Story is the third solo album by American rapper Kool G Rap , released by Koch Records on November 26 , 2002 .
Bongo Fury is an album released by Frank Zappa and the Mothers with Captain Beefheart in 1975 .
Drawing Circles is the second album by Dutch metal band Textures .
`` Death and the Flower '' - 22:49 `` Prayer '' - 10:12 `` Great Bird '' - 8:45 All compositions by Keith Jarrett Keith Jarrett - piano , wood flute , percussion , soprano sax Dewey Redman - tenor saxophone , musette , percussion Charlie Haden - bass Paul Motian - drums , percussion Guilherme Franco - percussion
Is n't It a Wonder is a song by Irish boy band Boyzone from their second studio album , A Different Beat .
House of Binary is the third album by The Wisdom of Harry , an experimental electronic music ensemble from London .
`` The Things That I Used to Do '' is a 12-bar blues song written by Guitar Slim ( aka Eddie Jones ) .
`` Make Believe It 's Your First Time '' is a song written by Bob Morrison and Johnny Wilson , and recorded by Bobby Vinton and later by The Carpenters .
The Nylon Curtain is the eighth studio album by American singer - songwriter Billy Joel , released on September 23 , 1982 and produced by Phil Ramone .
Spoon and Rafter is the fourth album by the British country rock - folk group Mojave 3 , released on 22 September 2003 in the UK , and a day later in the US .
Tentara Merah Darah is the fifth studio album released by the Indonesian death metal band Siksakubur .
`` Bubba Shot the Jukebox '' is a song written by Dennis Linde , and recorded by American country music singer Mark Chesnutt .
`` Reaction to Action '' was the third single taken from the album Agent Provocateur by the band Foreigner , in the U.S. only .
`` You Would n't Know '' is the first single from heavy metal supergroup Hellyeah from their debut album Hellyeah .
Navsegda ! ( Cyrillic : НАВСЕГДА ! Translated : Forever ! ) is the debut album from Russian group Nichya .
`` I 'm Coming Up '' is a song by French singer Amanda Lear , released in 2010 by Edina Music and Outsider Music .
`` Dis - Satisfied '' is a single by American country music artists Bill Anderson and Jan Howard .
Porozumienie ponad podziałami is the second studio album by Polish rapcore band Kazik Na Żywo .
`` Y Tú También Llorarás '' ( `` And You Will Cry Too '' ) is a ballad written and produced by Albert Hammond , co - written by Anahí van Zandweghe , and performed by Venezuelan singer José Luis Rodríguez `` El Puma '' .
In the Black is the fifth studio album by the all - female heavy metal band Kittie .
One More Goodnight Kiss is an album by folk singer / guitarist Greg Brown , released in 1988 .
`` When I Get Old '' is a song by the American punk rock band the Descendents , released as the second single from their 1996 album Everything Sucks .
Old New Borrowed Blue is a 1996 album by folk rock band Fairport Convention , although for this release , they were billed as `` Fairport Acoustic Convention '' as it was the band 's first all - acoustic album in 29 years .
Fabula Magna is the third full - length studio album by German gothic metal band Coronatus .
Just Gimme Somethin' I 'm Used To is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake , released in 1992 .
Models and Metrics is the third studio album by American jam band Family Groove Company released in 2008 .
Black Millenium ( Grimly Reborn ) was Mütiilation 's comeback ( song ) album .
Ready II Fly is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Naturally 7 , which was released on September 30 , 2006 through Virgin Germany Records .
Sik Fong ( 色放 ; Colour Release ) is Cantopop - rock singer Candy Lo 's third studio album .
Rest in P is a 1994 posthumous album release by Parliament - Funkadelic guitarist Eddie Hazel .
The Kiss and Other Movements is the sixth album release by Michael Nyman , and the fifth recording ( fourth full album ) with the Michael Nyman Band .
Static on the Airwaves is the tenth studio album by folk - punk rock band The Levellers .
`` Piss Up a Rope '' is a song by the band Ween in 1996 from the album 12 Golden Country Greats .
`` Everyday Demons '' is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Answer .
`` Lawdy Miss Clawdy '' is a rhythm and blues song by New Orleans singer / songwriter Lloyd Price that `` grandly introduced The New Orleans Sound '' .
`` I Do n't Remember '' is a song by Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger , from the album Dream Days at the Hotel Existence .
This Is My Heart is the first full - length studio album released in 2008 by alternative metal band Since October .
`` Money , Money '' is the first single from the album Thug World Order by the group Bone Thugs - n - Harmony .
Silk Road of Love ( simplified Chinese : 丝路 ; traditional Chinese : 絲路 ) is Malaysian Chinese Mandopop artist Fish Leong 's ( Chinese : 梁靜茹 ) seventh Mandarin studio album .
Guitar Mashing is the second studio album produced by session guitarist and multi instrumentalist / composer Tim Scott , first released on 26 November 2008 .
Sneakin ' Around is a collaborative album by American guitarists Chet Atkins and Jerry Reed , released in 1991 .
It 's the Ones Who 've Cracked That the Light Shines Through is the second album by anti - folk artist Jeffrey Lewis .
`` The Closer I Get to You '' is a romantic ballad performed by American jazz , soul , R&B , and folk singer - songwriter Roberta Flack and American soul musician Donny Hathaway .
Thoughts Become Things II is the second studio album by Markus Schulz under his alias Dakota and was released on 1 July 2011 .
The Beginning of the Enz is a 1979 release from New Zealand rock group Split Enz .
`` How I Could Just Kill a Man '' is the debut single by hip hop group Cypress Hill from their eponymous debut album , Cypress Hill , and was their first major hit in 1991 .
`` Out of Tears '' is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on their 1994 album Voodoo Lounge .
`` Bringin ' On the Heartbreak '' is a ballad originally recorded by British hard rock band Def Leppard .
My Kind of Jazz Part 3 is a 1975 album by Ray Charles released by Crossover Records .
Irrepetible ( English : Unrepeatable ) is a studio album by Puerto Rican salsa music Gilberto Santa Rosa released on June 29 , 2010 .
Prayer for the Halcyon Fear is the debut album of folk rock band Tiny Lights , released in 1985 through Uriel Music .
`` She Got It '' is the first single from 2 Pistols from his debut album Death Before Dishonor .
`` Thunder in the Mountains '' is the eighth UK single by the band Toyah , fronted by Toyah Willcox , and was released in 1981 .
Cloud Dance is the debut album by American sitarist and composer Collin Walcott recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label .
Sin After Sin is the third studio album by English heavy metal group Judas Priest , released in 1977 .
`` Take This Ring '' is a song by American R&B singer -- songwriter Toni Braxton from her fifth studio album , Libra ( 2005 ) .
Three Lock Box is Sammy Hagar 's seventh solo album , with appearances by Loverboy 's Mike Reno , Journey 's Jonathan Cain and Mr. Mister 's Richard Page .
Forgotten Anthology is the sixth studio album by recording artist Ron `` Bumblefoot '' Thal released in April 2003 .
Countdown to Nowhere is the fourth full - length studio album from Allister , a pop punk band from Chicago , Illinois , released in Japan on June 16 , 2010 and in the U.S. on October 5 , 2010 .
`` Friends ! '' is the seventeenth single released by Nami Tamaki on July 29 , 2009 .
Live Dates is the first live album by the British rock band Wishbone Ash .
Quelque Part un Aigle is an 1982 album of the French singer Johnny Hallyday .
Musta Lindu ( re - released as Black Bird ) , is Värttinä 's 2nd album , released in 1989 by Olarin Musiikki .
Weltreise ( The World Trip ) is the 2nd studio album by German electronical act Schiller .
The Man Who Stepped into Yesterday ( often abbreviated as TMWSIY ) is a 1987 concept album written by Trey Anastasio , the guitarist and lead vocalist of the American rock band Phish , as his senior thesis while attending Goddard College .
The Eraser is the debut solo album by Thom Yorke of the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released on 10 July 2006 on the independent label XL Recordings .
`` Spread My Wings '' is the title of a number - one R&B single by Troop .
Please Come Home is the first acoustic solo mini - album by Dustin Kensrue , released in 2007 .
Ashes Are Burning is the fourth studio album by the British progressive rock band Renaissance , released in 1973 ( see 1973 in music ) .
Failing Songs is an album by Matt Elliott , the second in the Drinking Songs Trilogy .
Smrt fašizmu ( trans . Death to fascism ) is the second studio album released by the Yugoslav / Bosnian band Plavi orkestar in 1986 .
Last of the Country Gentlemen is a single disc album release from Texan musician Josh T. Pearson .
`` Wild Honey Pie '' is a short song by the Beatles written by Paul McCartney ( credited to Lennon -- McCartney ) and released on The Beatles ( also known as the White Album ) .
Stop Us If You 've Heard This One Before Vol 1 is a covers album by British rock band The Wildhearts .
Songs About Leaving is a 2002 indie rock album by Carissa 's Wierd .
Obscure Alternatives is the second album by English new wave band Japan , released in October 1978 by record label Hansa .
`` Bob That Head '' is a song written by Gary LeVox , Neil Thrasher , and Michael Dulaney and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts .
Mighty High is the eighth studio album by southern rock jam band Gov't Mule .
The Other Side of the Coin is an acoustic album originally released in 1999 by Ann Beretta on Whitehouse Records .
`` Not Now '' is a song by American rock band Blink-182 , released on November 28 , 2005 , as the lead single from the group 's first compilation album , Greatest Hits ( 2005 ) .
The Prelude to A Tell Tale Heart is the first , full - length studio mix - tape released by Dawn Richard .
`` Achy Breaky Song '' is a country song by American song parodist `` Weird Al '' Yankovic , released on his album Alapalooza , parodying the song `` Achy Breaky Heart '' by Billy Ray Cyrus .
Notre étoile ( English : Our star)is the debut and only studio album of the French boy band Linkup made of Lionel Tim , Otis and Matthieu Tota ( later on known as M. Pokora ) .
To You All is the second album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus , released in 1977 .
Ensemble ( Victoriaville ) 1988 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1988 and released on the Victo label .
Do You Dream ? is the third album by Markus Schulz , released on June 15 , 2010 .
Space Eagle ( the motion picture soundtrack ) is officially the 3rd full length release from Alaska in Winter .
Äio is the release from Estonian folk - metal group Metsatöll .
Vampires of Black Imperial Blood was Mütiilation 's and The Black Legions first full - length album .
Compathia is the fifth album release from experimental indie rock band , Six Organs of Admittance , released in 2003 .
In Spite of Ourselves is the 13th studio album of John Prine , featuring duets with various well - known female folk and alt - country vocalists , released in 1999 .
If You Ai n't Lovin' ( You Ai n't Livin ' ) `` is a song written by Tommy Collins and originally recorded by country music artist Faron Young .
`` No Deeper Meaning '' is a song written by Jay Supreme and Nosie Katzmann , and recorded by the German eurodance band Culture Beat .
Trick Bag is the seventh studio album by the funk group The Meters .
Let 's Build Something to Break is the debut full - length album by American rock band , After Midnight Project .
`` Auteuil , Neuilly , Passy ( rap BCBG ) '' is a song recorded by the satiric group Les Inconnus in 1991 .
`` The Angry Mob '' is a song by English indie band Kaiser Chiefs and is the title track to their second album , Yours Truly , Angry Mob .
Have Moicy ! is the 1976 album released by Michael Hurley , The Unholy Modal Rounders , Jeffrey Frederick , & The Clamtones .
`` In the Crossfire '' is a rock song written by britpop band Starsailor , which talks about the suffering of people who have lived the Iraq war .
A Few More Published Studies is the first full length album by the indie rock group The XYZ Affair .
Vemod is the title of the first studio album released by the Swedish art rock band Anekdoten .
Kulanjan is a 1999 album by blues artist Taj Mahal and Malian kora - player Toumani Diabaté .
`` NW5 '' is a song by the band Madness , which was debuted live at the Brixton Academy in December 2006 .
`` By Tomorrow '' is a single by British singer Sandie Shaw .
`` The Breath You Take '' is a Grammy nominated song recorded by American country music artist George Strait , and the fourth single from his album Twang .
Kolma N'arrab ( Whenever We Come Closer ) is the eighteenth full - length Arabic studio album from Egyptian pop singer Angham .
`` Do n't Rush Me '' is a song written by Alexandra Forbes and Jeff Franzel and performed by American singer Taylor Dayne .
Free Flying Soul is the ninth studio album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir , released in 1996 .
`` Perfekte Welle '' ( German : Perfect wave ) , was the name of the first single of German pop / rock group Juli .
`` If You Do n't Want Me to Destroy You '' is the fourth single , and the last to be taken from the album Fuzzy Logic , by Super Furry Animals .
`` Right Action '' is a song Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand .
`` Glad You Came '' is a song by British - Irish boy band The Wanted , taken as the second single from their second studio album , Battleground .
Compass Rose Bouquet is the second album by the American rock band , Great Lakes Myth Society .
Change Remains is the fourth album by the indie pop band Starlight Mints .
`` Life Is a Flower '' is a song by Ace of Base , released as their first single from their 1998 album Flowers .
`` Still Not a Player '' is a hip - hop song , written and performed by Puerto Rican - American rapper Big Pun ( also known as Big Punisher ) , produced by Knobody and featuring singer Joe .
`` Street Spirit ( Fade Out ) '' ( commonly referred to as `` Street Spirit '' ) is a song by English alternative rock band Radiohead , featured on their second studio album The Bends , which was released in 1995 .
`` Mundo de caramelo '' is a song by Mexican actress and singer , Danna Paola .
`` Where 's Captain Kirk ? '' is a 1979 single released by punk / new wave band Spizzenergi .
Satiate is the first album released by Avail in 1992 .
`` Friday Party '' is the second single by Japanese pop group AAA .
Stop at Nothing is the fourth album by the Maryland technical death metal band Dying Fetus .
San Ena Oniro ( Greek : Σαν Ένα Όνειρο ; English : Like a dream ) is the first studio album by Greek Cypriot singer Ivi Adamou , released in Greece and Cyprus on 22 July 2011 by Sony Music Greece .
`` Psycho Savant '' is the third and final studio album by the metal band , Intruder .
`` Twisted Transistor '' is a song written and recorded by American band Korn and The Matrix for Korn 's seventh studio album , See You on the Other Side .
`` Mercy , Mercy , Mercy '' is a song written by Joe Zawinul in 1966 for Julian `` Cannonball '' Adderley and his album Mercy , Mercy , Mercy !
The Great Arrival is a 1966 instrumental album by Sérgio Mendes .
Back to the S**t ! is a 1989 live album by R&B singer Millie Jackson .
Greatest Fits is a greatest hits album by the industrial band Ministry .
The Ol' Razzle Dazzle is the third studio album by Australian singer - songwriter Missy Higgins , and was released by Eleven on 1 June 2012 .
Fragments of a Rainy Season is a 1992 live solo album by John Cale , performed at various locations during his 1992 tour .
Learn the Hard Way is the fourth album by the American pop punk band The Copyrights , released on Red Scare Industries in 2008 .
`` For My Baby '' is a song by Full Flava featuring CeCe Peniston , written and produced by Rob Derbyshire and Paul `` Solomon '' Mullings .
`` Outside of a Small Circle of Friends '' is a song by Phil Ochs , a U.S. protest singer from the 1960s .
Straight ? ? ! ! is the fifth studio album by English rock band The Dogs D'Amour .
`` Stamp Your Feet '' is a song by American singer Donna Summer , released by Sony Burgundy in April 2008 as a single from her 2008 album Crayons .
`` Virtual Diva '' is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Don Omar from his third studio album iDon .
I mine øjne ( In my eyes ) is a Danish song by the singer and songwriter Rasmus Seebach from the singer 's second album Mer ' end kærlighed .
Karma Cleansing is a 1997 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem .
`` Flick of the Finger '' is the first song from British band Beady Eye 's second album , BE , and the first song released from the album .
`` Bury Me '' is the first single by heavy metal band Black Tide from their second studio album , Post Mortem .
The Mile End Sessions is the seventh album by solo artist David Usher .
Dream Babies Go Hollywood is a Studio Album released in 1980 by folk musician John Stewart , former member of the Kingston Trio .
`` Eighteen Inches '' is a song written by Carrie Underwood , Ashley Gorley and Kelley Lovelace and recorded by American country music artist Lauren Alaina .
Under the Sign of the Black Mark is the third studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory .
Blue Bash ! is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell with organist Jimmy Smith recorded in 1963 and released on the Verve label .
`` That Day When She Needed Me '' ( also known as `` I was a Thousand Miles Away That Day When She Needed Me '' ) , is a 1964 R&B song by the Motown Records group The Contours , on the label 's Gordy Records subsidiary imprint .
Rosas del Amor is a 1987 flamenco album , the debut solo album of Spanish guitarist Tomatito .
`` Save Our Love '' is a song recorded by the British R&B girl group Eternal .
Capuchin Swing is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label .
`` Idioteque '' is a song by the English rock band Radiohead , featured as the eighth track from their 2000 album Kid A. Although never released a single as with all other songs on the album , it has since become one of the band 's most famous and popular songs amongst critics and fans .
The Road and the Radio is the tenth studio album by country music artist Kenny Chesney , released on November 8 , 2005 .
`` Love Is a Stranger '' is the fifth single by the British rock / pop duo Eurythmics .
Roadkill Rising is a compilation box set release of Iggy Pop 's music , released by Shout !
`` Ms. Chocolate '' is the first official single from Lil Jon 's 2010 album Crunk Rock .
`` Rock Lobster '' is a song written by Fred Schneider and Ricky Wilson , two members of The B-52 's .
The Midnight Room is the fifth studio album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle , released in 2007 .
Narcotango en vivo is a live album by Argentine Carlos Libedinsky .
The Ultra Zone is a 1999 album from guitarist Steve Vai .
Scream Aim Fire is the second studio album by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine , released on 28 January 2008 in the UK and the preceding day in the US through Jive Records .
`` Like Yesterday''is Japanese band The Brilliant Green 's 18th single , released on February 24 , 2010 .
Profane Genocidal Creations is the second full album of the German melodic black metal band Dark Fortress .
Be Your Alibi is the debut studio album by indie rock band The Race .
The Little Giant is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin and his all - star sextet , released on the Riverside label in 1959 .
Graffiti Blues is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1973 and released on the Mainstream label .
Gutter Water is the debut studio album by American hiphop duo Gangrene , which consits of rappers / producers The Alchemist and Oh No . The album was released on November 22 , 2010 .
`` Christmas in Fallujah '' is a single written by Billy Joel and performed by Cass Dillon .
Country - Folk is a 1969 album by Waylon Jennings featuring the Kimberlys on vocals released on RCA Victor .
Superfuzz Bigmuff Plus Early Singles is a compilation album by the grunge band Mudhoney .
Rua 47 ( Portuguese for 47th Street ) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian rock band Capital Inicial .
Kjærlighetsviser is an album of love songs by the Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreassen .
Xtra - Acme USA is the US follow up to the album Acme by the group Jon Spencer Blues Explosion .
Born in Brockville , Ontario , Randy Sexton attended St. Lawrence University from 1978 until 1982 on a hockey scholarship after playing for the Cornwall Royals .
John L. Lawrence ( October 2 , 1785 New York City -- July 24 , 1849 New York City ) was an American lawyer , diplomat and politician from New York .
Osvaldo Ríos Alonso ( born October 25 , 1960 in Carolina , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican actor , model , singer , and guitarist , who is best known for his roles in telenovelas .
Wan Mohd Hoesne Wan Hussain ( born 2 September 1987 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a Striker for Selangor FA .
Caparezza ( kapaˈrɛttsa ) , meaning `` Curly Head '' in Molfetta 's dialect ) , is the pseudonym of Michele Salvemini ( born 9 October 1973 ) , an Italian rapper .
Zeki Önder Özen ( born 17 October 1969 in Eskişehir ) is a Turkish soccer coach and former player .
Grady Brewer , ( born December 22 , 1970 in Lawton , Oklahoma ) , is a professional boxer .
Harry Alcock was a footballer who played in the Football League for Walsall .
Bart Dockx ( born 2 September 1981 in Turnhout , Antwerp ) is a former Belgian professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional from 2004 to 2011 .
Jason Castriota is an American automobile designer born in White Plains , New York , and raised in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Predrag Stevanović ( born 3 March 1991 in Essen ) is a German - born Serbian footballer who is currently a free agent .
Nadya Ochner ( born March 14 , 1993 in Merano ) is an Italian snowboarder , specializing in Alpine snowboarding .
Anton Cargnelli ( 1 February 1889 - 27 June 1974 ) most commonly known as Tony Cargnelli , was an Austrian football player and manager from Vienna .
Rachael Wooding is a Yorkshire born musical theatre performer , best known for her performances in We Will Rock You , playing Meat and Scaramouche .
Steffi Martin ( later as Steffi Walter , born 17 September 1962 , Bad Schlema , Saxony ) is an East German luger who competed during the 1980s .
Emanuel Lasker was born on December 24 , 1868 at Berlinchen in Neumark ( now Barlinek in Poland ) , the son of a Jewish cantor .
Ye Chongqiu ( Chinese : 叶重秋 ; Pinyin : Yè Chóngqiū ; born 29 September 1992 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin .
Mike Cerrone ( born June 9 , 1957 ) is an American actor and screenwriter from Rhode Island .
He was born in Greytown , Natal as one of 13 children born to Louis Botha Senior ( 26 March 1827 -- 5 July 1883 ) and Salomina Adriana van Rooyen ( 31 March 1829 -- 9 January 1886 ) .
Heiko Maile ( born 12 January 1966 in Sydney ) is a German musician and composer .
Francesco Panetta ( born 10 January 1963 in Siderno ) is a former Italian long - distance runner , who won several medals at international championships in the 1980s .
Lourdes Robles is a singer - songwriter and actress , born in San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Antonio Maria Pacchioni ( baptised 5 July 1654 - 15 July 1738 ) of Modena was a Baroque composer , known for his polyphonic church music .
João Henrique de Andrade Amaral ( born 13 October 1981 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer , who is currently a free agent .
Thierry Toutain ( born February 14 , 1962 in Fourmies ) is a retired French race walker .
Boris O'Klein , born Arthur Boris O'Klein , ( Moscow , September 26 , 1893 -- 1985 ) , a French artist and cartoonist .
Anthony Ryan Leslie ( born September 25 , 1978 ) , professionally known as Ryan Leslie , is an American recording artist and record producer from Washington , D.C ..
Jane Louise Curry , born September 24 , 1932 in East Liverpool , Ohio , is a prolific author of adventure , fantasy , mystery , time travel , and American Indian tales for older children and teenagers .
Moussa Dagnogo ( born January 30 , 1972 in Paris ) is a former French footballer who formerly worked as Head Coach of Carmel United Soccer Club .
Maximilian Friedrich von Königsegg - Rothenfels ( 13 May 1708 -- 15 April 1784 ) was the Archbishop - Elector of Cologne and the Bishop of Münster from 1761 to 1784 .
Ahmed El Maanouni is a screenwriter , film director , cinematographer , actor and producer born in Casablanca .
Sun Zheng'ao ( Chinese : 孙正傲 ; pinyin : Sūn Zhèng'ào ; born 8 March 1994 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shenzhen FC in the China League One .
Arthur Horsfield ( born 5 July 1946 in Newcastle upon Tyne , Northumberland , England ) is a former football striker .
Ben Becker ( born 19 December 1964 in Bremen ) is a German film and theatre actor .
Nissim Behar ( 1848 - -1931 ) was a Sephardi Jewish educator , born in Jerusalem , and long associated with the Alliance Israélite Universelle , both there and in the Diaspora .
Yuan Xikun ( born 1944 in Kunming , Yunnan Province ) is a Chinese visual artist and environmental activist .
Wayne Gill ( born 28 November 1975 in Chorley , Lancashire ) is an English former footballer and current physio for Fulham FC
Wilhelm Schitli ( 26 June 1912 in Osnabrück -- 31 March 1945 ( missing ) ) was a German SS - Hauptsturmführer and Schutzhaftlagerführer in the Neuengamme concentration camp .
Sir Robert Hales , also called Robert de Hales , was born about 1325 in Hales Place , High Halden , Kent , the son of Nicholas Hales .
Olsen Racela , born on November 1 in Quezon City , Philippines , was so named because he was born on All Saint 's Day ( his brother Nash was born on National Heroes ' Day ) .
In 1648 , Paul Strudel was born , as would be his younger brothers , Peter and Dominik , in Cles in the Val di Non in the County of Tyrol , where his father Jakob worked as a sculptor .
Jovita Idár ( September 7 , 1885 -- June 15 , 1946 ) was an American journalist , political activist and civil rights worker , born in Laredo , Texas in 1885 .
Saville Sax was born in New York City on July 26 , 1924 and went by the name of Sarry Sax .
Stephen Armstrong ( born 23 July 1976 in Birkenhead ) is an English - born South African former footballer who spent the majority of his career with clubs in the United States .
Andrew Hayden - Smith ( born Andrew John Smith , 5 November 1983 in Gateshead , England ) is a British actor and voiceover artist and former television presenter .
Jessica Gregg ( born March 16 , 1988 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian short track speed skater .
Pavel Pavel ( born March 11 , 1957 in Strakonice ) is a Czech engineer and experimental archaeologist best known for investigating how ancient civilizations transported heavy weights .
Hannes Reinmayr ( born 23 August 1969 in Vienna ) is a retired Austrian football player who currently works as manager of SV Gössendorf .
Michele Francesco Puccioni ( April 26 , 1961 -- January 30 , 2009 ) , better known under his stage name Mike Francis , was an Italian singer and composer , born in Florence .
Alexander Resch ( born 5 April 1979 in Berchtesgaden , Bavaria ) is a German luger who competed from 1998 to 2010 .
Galina Kakovkina ( Russian : Каковкина Галина Александровна ; born January 10 , 1957 , Gorky ( Nizhniy Novgorod ) ) is a Russian artist , a painter , representative of the Nizhny Novgorod underground , and one of the founders of the creative association of artists Cherny Prud ( Black Pond ) .
Gregorio Correr ( Corraro ) ( 1409 -- 1464 ) was an Italian humanist and ecclesiastic from Venice .
Nell Dixon ( born in England , UK ) is a British writer of romance novels since 2006 .
Ariana Grande - Butera was born in Boca Raton , Florida , to Joan Grande , chief executive officer of telephone and alarm system company Hose - McCann Communications , and Edward Butera , who owns a graphic design firm in Boca Raton .
Sandra Kitt was born in New York City as the eldest of four children .
Adilson dos Santos Souza , commonly known as Adilson , ( born 18 February 1987 in Barra do Rocha ) is a Brazilian football player , currently playing as a Striker for Yangon United F.C.
Catarina Ruivo ( b. Coimbra , 1971 ) , Portuguese film director .
Sérgio Abreu ( born Sérgio Luis Coutinho Abreu on October 16 , 1975 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian actor and reality television personality , best known for being the runner - up of the third season of the Brazilian version of The Farm .
Branko Zupan ( born 22 September 1964 in Ljubljana ) is a former Slovenian footballer , who last managed Kras Repen in the Eccellenza Friuli .
Earl Oliver was born in Indianapolis , Indiana but later moved with his family to Southern California .
Matteo Placida ( born August 22 , 1978 in Lecco ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for U.S. Olginatese .
Henry Clay Folger , Jr. was born in New York City to Henry Clay Folger , Sr . of Nantucket , MA and Eliza Jane ( Clark ) Folger of New York , the oldest of their eight children .
Salvatore Pelle ( born in San Luca , Calabria , December 4 , 1957 ) , also known as Sarvu Gambazza is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type organisation in Calabria .
Suleiman Frangieh was a scion of one of the leading Maronite families of Zgharta , near Tripoli ; the family 's name comes from the Greek Φρὰγκοι ( pron . `` Franggi '' ) , after the Franks .
Mary Mara ( born September 21 , 1960 ) is an American TV and film actress from Syracuse , New York known for her recurring role as Inspector Bryn Carson on Nash Bridges and primetime dramas ER and Law & Order .
Hayyim ben Joseph Vital ( רבי חיים ויטל ) Safed , October 11 , 1542 --
Liu Chunhong ( simplified Chinese : 刘春红 ; traditional Chinese : 劉春紅 ; pinyin : Liú Chūnhóng ; born January 29 , 1985 in Yantai , Shandong ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Vincenzo Palumbo ( born 17 May 1974 in Heilbronn ) is a German footballer of Italian descent who plays as a striker for Virtus Casarano .
He was born at Southampton , where his father Richard Mant D.D. was headmaster of the King Edward VI School .
Lucy Clifford was born Lucy Lane in London , the daughter of John Lane of Barbados .
Giovanni Bellucci ( born Rome , August 31 , 1965 ) is an Italian pianist .
Joseph Warren Holmes was born on April 1 , 1824 in Mystic , Connecticut Joseph Warren Holmes 's father was Jeremiah Holmes .
Thomas Hinds was born in Berkeley County , Virginia , ( now part of West Virginia ) , on January 9 , 1780 .
Kanfory Sylla ( born 7 July 1980 in Conakry ) is a Guinean football defensive all - arounder who currently plays for Zakho FC in the Iraqi Premier League .
Francis John Linnell was born on Isle of Thanet , Margate and was educated at Bloxham School .
Bjørn Arve Lund ( born 19 January 1981 in Brønnøysund ) is a football player for Levanger in the Norwegian second division .
Cordelia Fine ( born 1975 Toronto , Canada ) is a Canadian - born British academic psychologist and writer .
Mehdi Sohrabi ( Persian : مهدی سهرابی ‎‎ , born 12 October 1981 in Zanjan ) is an Iranian professional racing cyclist , who as of 2013 rides for the Tabriz Petrochemical Team .
Royce Brownlie was born in Coffs Harbour , New South Wales and began his football career at the Queensland Academy of Sport , representing them in the National Youth League in the 1996 - -97 and 1997 - -98 seasons .
Mona Ghosh Shetty ( Hindi : मोना घोष शेट्टी , Bengali : মনা ঘোষ শিল্পা ; born 22 April 1978 in Mumbai ) is an Indian voice - dubbing artist , singer and director .
Gary Donatelli ( born March 11 , 1951 in Northbrook , Illinois , USA ) is an American television soap opera director .
Taruni Sachdev was born in Mumbai to a city - based industrialist , Haresh Sachdev and his wife Geeta Sachdev .
Drago Mamić ( born February 9 , 1954 in Valjevo , Serbia ) is a Serbian - born Croatian former football player and manager , currently managing Maldives .
Randy Collins was born in Gambo , Newfoundland and Labrador and graduated from Smallwood Academy .
Thomas Pelham Dale was born at Greenwich on 3 April 1821 and grew up in Beckenham , Kent .
Nicola Fabrizi ( 4 April 1804 -- 31 March 1885 ) was an Italian patriot , born at Sassi , Garfagnana under the jurisdiction of Modena .
Marvin Lewis was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of McDonald , Pennsylvania .
Radu Sîrbu ( also known as Radu Sârbu , RadU , and Picasso ; born 14 December 1978 in Peresecina , Moldavian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Moldovan singer .
Jolanda Keizer ( born 5 April 1985 in Amsterdam , North Holland ) is a Dutch heptathlete .
Rosa Maria Pereira Murtinho ( born October 24 , 1939 in Belém ) , known professionally as Rosamaria Murtinho , is a Brazilian actress .
Born in 1541 , in either the village of Fodele or Candia ( the Venetian name of Chandax , present day Heraklion ) on Crete , El Greco was descended from a prosperous urban family , which had probably been driven out of Chania to Candia after an uprising against the Venetians between 1526 and 1528 .
Malcolm Caldwell was born in Scotland , the son of a coal miner .
Alaa Kadhim ( born 1 July 1970 ) is an Iraqi football Striker who played for both the Iraq and Talaba SC , where he was also the club president .
Kimberley Davies ( born 20 February 1973 in Ballarat , Victoria ) is an Australian actress most famous for playing Annalise Hartman on the Australian soap opera Neighbours from 1993 to 1996 .
A native of Bjelovar , Boris Buzančić began acting very early .
Torben Bernhard ( born March 5 , 1983 ) is an American documentary filmmaker and rap artist originally from Kalamazoo , Michigan , and currently residing in Orem , Utah .
Giovanni Mercati was born in Villa Gaida , Reggio Emilia , to a devout Christian family .
John Hunt Morgan was born in Huntsville , Alabama , the eldest of ten children of Calvin and Henrietta ( Hunt ) Morgan .
Guido Trenti ( born December 27 , 1972 in Milan ) is an American - Italian professional road racing cyclist who has ridden in each of the three Grand Tours .
Hamza Yerlikaya ( born June 6 , 1976 , in Kadıköy , Istanbul ) is a Turkish Graeco - Roman style wrestler .
Oksana Bilozir was born on 30 May 1957 in Smyha settlement , Dubno Raion , Rivne Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ( now Ukraine ) .
Piotr Polk ( born January 22 , 1962 in Kalety ) is a Polish actor and singer .
Damian Keeley ( born 14 February 1963 ) is an English former professional footballer , born in Salford , who played in the Football League for Torquay United on a non - contract basis .
Milen Kikarin ( Bulgarian : Милен Кикарин ; born 18 August 1992 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a left back for CSKA Sofia .
Mark Kostabi was born in Los Angeles on November 27 , 1960 , to Estonian immigrants Kaljo and Rita Kostabi .
Born in Bijeljina , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , Admir Smajić began his career in his local town with FK Radnik Bijeljina .
John Durang was born in Lancaster , in the home of his mother 's sister , but he grew up mostly in nearby York ( aka Yorktown ) .
Nik Cohn ( also written Nick Cohn ) is a British rock journalist , born in London in 1946 .
Rudolf Kerner ( 21 February 1910 in Saarbrücken - ? 1998 ) was a German SS - Hauptsturmführer and crime commissioner .
Isolda Dychauk was born in 1993 in Surgut ( West Siberia ) and moved to Berlin in 2002 with her mother .
Mohsen Hashtroodi ( Persian : محسن هشترودی‎‎ , December 13 , 1908 , Tabriz -- September 4 , 1976 , Tehran ) was an Iranian mathematician .
Unico Wilhelm van Wassenaer was born in the family castle of Twickel , near Delden , on 30 October 1692 , the son of Jacob van Wassenaer Obdam ( 1645 - 1714 ) and Adriana Sophia Raesfelt ( died 1694 ) .
Karsten Greve ( * 15 September 1946 in Dahme , Brandenburg ) is a German art dealer .
Engler , a Roman Catholic , was born in Mount Pleasant , Michigan on October 12 , 1948 to Mathias John Engler and his wife , Agnes Marie ( née Neyer ) , but grew up on a cattle farm near Beal City .
Andi Rianto is a noted Indonesian film score composer who has worked on several of Indonesia 's most popular films .
Brandon Quinn ( born Brandon Quinn Swierenga October 7 , 1977 , in Aurora , Colorado ) is a television and film actor .
Antônio Carlos Rodrigues dos Santos Júnior , better known as Antônio ( born March 30 , 1989 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Alan Riding ( born 8 December 1943 , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a British author and journalist .
Isabelle Ithurburu was born in Pau in the department of Pyrénées - Atlantiques , the daughter of a grocerystore owner of Basque origin .
Vladimir Martynov ( Russian : Влад́имир Ив́анович Марты́нов ) ( Moscow , 20 February 1946 ) is a Russian composer , known for his music in the concerto , orchestral music , chamber music and choral music genres .
Arash T. Riahi ( born August 22 , 1972 in Iran ) is an Austrian - Iranian independent filmmaker and screenwriter who has lived in Vienna since 1982 .
Simona Caparrini is an Italian actress , born in Florence .
Bruno de Witte ( born 1955 in Kortrijk ) is a Belgian legal scholar .
Lukáš Kyselica ( born 16 September 1993 in Trenčín ) is a Slovak football
María Soledad Iparraguirre Guenechea ( born Eskoriatza , 1961 ) , known as `` Marisol '' until 1994 and `` Anboto '' thereafter , is a senior figure in the Basque separatist group ETA and the second woman , after Dolores González Cataráin ( alias `` Yoyes '' ) , to be a member of ETA 's executive .
Sasi Kalinga was born as Chandrakumar to Chandrasekharan Nair and Sukumari at Kunnamangalam , Kozhikode .
Lee Swaby ( born 14 May 1976 ) is a professional heavyweight boxer from Lincoln , Lincolnshire .
Jearl Walker ( born 1945 in Pensacola , Florida ) is a physicist noted for his book Flying Circus of Physics , first published in 1975 ; the second edition was published in June 2006 .
Aloísio dos Santos Gonçalves or simply Aloísio ( born June 10 1988 in Araranguá ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Shandong Luneng as a striker .
Mateusz Didenkow ( born April 22 , 1987 in Gdynia ) is a retired Polish track and field athlete who competed in the pole vault .
Born in Townsville , Queensland , Ellis Wackett was the third and youngest child of James , an English - born storekeeper , and Alice Wackett ( née Lawrence ) .
Amrit Kaur was born on 2 February 1889 in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh ( then United Provinces ) , India .
Shea Emry ( born April 23 , 1986 in Richmond , British Columbia ) is a former Canadian football linebacker who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Émile Eddé ( 1886 , Damascus - 28 September 1949 ) ( Arabic : إميل أده‎ ) was a Maronite Lebanese political figure .
Born in Bacău , Victor Anestin was the son of actor Ion Anestin .
Valentin Bulgakov was the son of an official of the city of Kuznetsk ( now Novokuznetsk ) .
Ryu Kum - chel is a manhwa ( Korean comics ) artist from Daejeon , South Korea .
Aura Herzog was born in Egypt , to a Jewish family originating in Russia and Poland , the daughter of Leah ( Steinberg ) and Simcha Ambache , an engineer .
Gennaro Ruotolo ( born 20 March 1967 in Santa Maria a Vico , Province of Caserta ) is an Italian former footballer and former manager of Treviso .
José María Lamamié de Clairac y de la Colina ( 16 August 1887 in Salamanca -- 27 April 1956 in Salamanca ) was a Spanish politician , lawyer , Salamancan landowner , a right - wing Catholic , a Carlist Traditionalist deputy during the Spanish Second Republic .
Darvydas Šernas ( born 22 July 1984 in Alytus ) is a professional Lithuanian footballer , who most recently played for Alanyaspor in the TFF First League .
Dorota Siudek ( née : Zagórska ) ( Polish pronunciation : ( dɔˈrɔta ( zaˈɡurska ) ˈɕudɛk ) ; born 9 September 1975 in Kraków ) is a Polish retired pair skater who is now a coach .
Barbara Lah ( born 24 March 1972 in Gorizia ) is an Italian triple jumper , whose personal best jump is 14.38 metres , at the 2003 World Championships in Paris .
Leon Helena Sylvain Nolens ( Bree , 11 April 1947 ) , pseudonym Leonard Nolens , is a Belgian poet and diary writer .
Herman Li ( Chinese : 李康敏 ; born October 3 , 1976 ) is a Hong Kong - born , British Chinese musician and record producer .
Christine was born Virginia Christine Ricketts in Stanton in Montgomery County in southwestern Iowa .
Oliver - Sven Buder ( born 23 June 1966 in Steinheidel - Erlabrunn , Saxony ) is a German track and field athlete , who in the 1990s belonged to the best shot - putters in the world .
Dr. Robert J. LeRoy ( born September 30 , 1943 in Ottawa ) is one of Canada 's leading chemists and is currently a University Professor at the University of Waterloo .
William Lundy was allegedly born near Troy , in Pike County , Alabama , on January 18 , 1848 ( also reported at Coffee Springs , Coffee County ) .
Jarrad Ross is an Australian soccer player who plays for A - League club Newcastle Jets .
Tewhida Ben Sheikh ( also Tawhida Ben Cheikh , Taouhida Ben Cheikh ) ( January 2 , 1909 in Tunis -- December 6 , 2010 ) was the first modern Muslim woman in North Africa to become a physician .
Magali Rousseau ( born March 10 , 1988 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Michel de Senarclens ( Paris , 17 June 1951 ) better known first as Sarcloret then today Sarclo is a French born Swiss singer .
Elea - Mariama Diarra ( born March 8 , 1990 in Lyon ) is a French athlete , specialising in the 400 meters .
Tony Leblanc was born on the grounds of the Museo del Prado at Madrid , where his family lived because of his father 's employment as the museum 's janitor .
Michael Holve ( born November 16 , 1967 in Huntington , NY ) is an American author , photographer , programmer and Linux practitioner .
Sara Agnes Rice Pryor , born Sara Agnes Rice ( 1830 - -1912 ) , was an American writer and community activist in New York City .
Henry Butler ( born September 21 , 1949 , New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American jazz pianist .
Malva Schalek was born in Prague to a German - speaking Jewish intellectual family active in the Czech national movement .
Mauro Amenta ( born 23 October 1953 in Orbetello ) is a former Italian footballer player .
Joe Penhall ( born 1967 ) is a British playwright and screenwriter from London , best known for his award - winning stage play `` Blue / Orange '' and the award winning West End musical `` Sunny Afternoon . ''
Born at Sandford - on - Thames , Oxfordshire , William Stroudley began work in 1847 at the local paper mill and in the same year he was apprenticed to John Inshaw 's engineering firm in Birmingham .
Raffaele Amato ( born in Naples on November 11 , 1965 ) is an Italian Camorra boss and head of the Scissionisti di Secondigliano , a Camorra clan from Naples .
Didier Sornette ( born June 25 , 1957 in Paris ) is Professor on the Chair of Entrepreneurial Risks at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich ( ETH Zurich ) .
Rinaldo Mantovano , also called Domenico Rinaldo , was an Italian painter from Mantua who was active between 1527 and 1539 .
Eric Kaz born Eric Justin Kaz , January 21 , 1946 , is a singer - songwriter who was born in Brooklyn .
Tim Reynolds ( born 15 December 1957 in Wiesbaden , Germany ) is a Grammy nominated multi - instrumentalist known as both a solo artist and as a lead guitarist for the Dave Matthews Band .
Araik Tunyan ( born on January 6 , 1966 , Stepanavan ) PhD in law sciences , docent , The Member of the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Armenia .
Drauzin Angelle ( December 25 , 1871 -- December 19 , 1958 ) was an American farmer and a politician from St. Martin Parish in south U.S. state of Louisiana .
John Levene ( born John Anthony Woods , 24 December 1941 in Salisbury , Wiltshire ) is an English actor .
Danuta Mizgalska is Polish singer from Poznań .
Pelin Esmer ( born 1972 , Istanbul ) is a Turkish screenwriter and director .
Amy Castle ( born Amy Jessica Castle on April 2 , 1990 , in Woodland Hills , California ) is an American actress , and internet personality .
Nathaniel Branden was born Nathan Blumenthal in Brampton , Ontario , and grew up alongside three sisters , two older and one younger .
Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg was born in June 1568 in Graz and had a Protestant upbringing .
Abe Knoop ( born 28 August 1963 in Curaçao ) is a Dutch professional football goalkeeping coach .
Starr Andreeff , Born in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , has been in the entertainment business since she was 8 years old starting as a child actor .
Arno Marsh ( born May 28 , 1928 , Grand Rapids , Michigan ) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist .
Swandi Kitto is a former Singaporean footballer who played as a striker for the Singapore national team in the 1980s .
Carolyn Kaelin was born Carolyn Mary Scerbo in Syracuse , New York to Richard and Mary Scerbo ( née Zebrowski ) .
Julian Watts ( born 17 March 1971 in Sheffield ) is an English professional footballer , best known as a player for Luton Town and Australian side Northern Spirit who , after a spell of 2 and half years , was the manager of Hallam .
Gus Weill , Sr . ( born March 12 , 1933 ) , is an American author living in New York City who is a former public relations specialist originally from Lafayette , Louisiana .
Artis Kampars ( born May 3 , 1967 in Tukums ) is a Latvian politician and businessman .
Gladys Esther Tormes González ( born 19 September 1933 ) ( a.k.a . `` Maja '' ) is a historian and head archivist of the Archivo Histórico de Ponce ( English : Ponce Historical Archive ) , in Ponce , Puerto Rico .
He was born to Jethro Teall ( 1816 - 1848 ) and Mary Hathaway ( 1820 - 1880 ) in Northleach , Gloucestershire .
Albert Claude was born in 1899 ( but according to civil register 1898 ) in Longlier , a hamlet in Neufchâteau , Belgium , to Florentin Joseph Claude and Marie - Glaudice Watriquant Claude .
Kay Thomassen ( born 3 June 1987 in Nijmegen ) is a footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or right back for Achilles ' 29 in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Tamia Marilyn Hill ( née Washington ) was born and raised in Windsor , Ontario .
Victoria Stilwell ( born 20 July 1969 in Wimbledon , London ) is an English dog trainer , author and television presenter .
Ioannis Kousoulos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Κούσουλος ; born 14 June 1996 in Limassol ) is a professional Cypriot football player who plays for Nea Salamina in the Cyprus First Division .
Marco Sanges is a photographer from Ostia , Rome .
Frank Capra III ( born July 16 , 1959 in San Diego , California ) is the son of Frank Capra , Jr. , and grandson of director Frank Capra .
Robert Dahlgren ( born 1 December 1979 in Skellefteå ) is a Swedish auto racing driver who currently competes in the V8 Supercars Championship for Garry Rogers Motorsport .
During his early life in Winnipeg , Mark Korven performed in many amateur rock bands , mostly playing the guitar in local bars .
Dumitru Dumitriu ( born 19 November 1945 in Bucharest ) , commonly known as Țiți Dumitru or Dumitriu III , is a retired Romanian footballer and coach .
Eva Kiedroňová ( born 1963 in Třinec ) is the author of literature specialising in educating parents in childcare and the natural psychomotor development of infants up to the age of one ; she is also the author of new approaches in hardening , massaging , exercising and swimming with infants , toddlers and preschool children .
Christophe Ohrel ( born 7 April 1968 in Strasbourg , France ) is a retired Swiss football wingback .
Born in Montreal , Quebec , Andrew Godefroy read history at Concordia University .
Engratia was a native of Braga who had been promised in marriage to a nobleman of Roussillon .
Born into a farming family in Villedieu - les - Poêles , Lower Normandy , Sophie Quinton studied drama at the Millet high school in Cherbourg .
Jin Pengxiang ( Chinese : 晋鹏翔 ; Pinyin : Jìn Péngxiáng , born 25 January 1990 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League .
Toquinho was born in São Paulo , the son of Italian immigrants Diva Bondeolli Pecci and Antonio Pecci , and has one brother , João Carlos Pecci .
Stjepan Božić ( born October 23 , 1974 in Brežice , Slovenia ) is a Croatian super middleweight boxer .
Jonathan Kelly ( born Jonathan Ledingham , 8 July 1947 , Drogheda , County Louth ) is an Irish folk rock singer - songwriter , who has enjoyed a varied career in music , playing with many musicians and groups , including Eric Clapton and Tim Staffell .
Jess Gonchor ( born July 15 , 1962 in New York City ) is an American art director who was nominated at the 83rd Academy Awards for the film True Grit .
Josh Mitchell was born in Belmont , Newcastle and began playing football at the age of 4 at Swansea Swans Soccer Club and was selected for the Australian School Boys Football team in 2002 .
Leopold Eustachius Czapek ( 15 November 1792 , Český Krumlov , Bohemia - 1840 , Iliria ) was an Austrian pianist and composer .
Bob Wilkins ( April 11 , 1932 -- January 7 , 2009 ) was a television personality born as Robert Gene Wilkins in the town of Hammond , Indiana .
Ken Jacobs ( born 1933 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American experimental filmmaker .
Brian Robb ( Scarborough , 7 May 1913 -- 1979 ) was a painter , illustrator , and cartoonist .
Derek Roddy ( born August 28 , 1972 ) is an American drummer and snake breeder , originally from South Carolina .
Andreas Thomsson ( born 27 May 1971 in Kalmar ) is a Swedish football manager who is currently managing FC Linköping City .
Carol Leigh , aka The Scarlot Harlot , born 1951 in New York City , is an artist , author , film maker , and prostitutes ' rights activist .
Alasdair White is a Scottish folk musician born in 1983 on the Isle of Lewis , Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Leopold Eugen Měchura ( also Miechura ; born Prague , February 2 , 1804 -- died February 11 , 1870 in Otín , near Klatovy ) was a Czech composer .
Julius Curtius was born on 7 February 1877 at Duisburg in what was then the Prussian Rhine Province .
John Fraser MacPherson , CM ( 10 April 1928 -- 27 September 1993 ) was a Canadian jazz musician born in Saint Boniface , Manitoba .
Christian Zeitz ( born November 18 , 1980 in Heidelberg ) is a German team handballer currently playing for MKB Veszprém KC in Hungary .
Youssoupha Mabiki , better known by his mononym Youssoupha ( French pronunciation : ​(jusuˈfa ) ; born in Kinshasa on 29 August 1980 ) is a French rapper of Congolese origin .
Arnold Kruiswijk ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑr.nɔɫt ˈkrœy̆s.ʋɛi̯k ) , born 2 November 1984 in Groningen ) is a Dutch international footballer currently playing for Dutch Eredivisie side Vitesse as a left back .
Johann Eugen Rosshirt ( November 11 , 1795 -- July 13 , 1872 ) was a German obstetrician and gynecologist who was a native of Oberscheinfeld .
Sadet Karabulut ( born April 28 , 1975 in Dordrecht ) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant and trade unionist of Kurdish descent .
Saulius Mikoliūnas ( born 2 May 1984 in Vilnius , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian professional footballer playing for Žalgiris Vilnius .
David Wiley Miller ( born April 15 , 1951 , Burbank , California ) , an American cartoonist whose work is characterized by wry wit and trenchant social satire , is best known for his comic strip Non Sequitur , which he signs Wiley .
In 1998 , Novella Matveyeva received the Russian State Pushkin Prize in poetry , and in 2002 , she also received the Russian Federation State Prize in Literature and Arts for her poetry collection Jasmine .
Luigi Zaninelli ( born 30 March 1932 in New Jersey ) is an Italian - American composer of vocal and instrumental music .
Caleb Carr received his primary education from St. Luke 's School in Greenwich Village , his secondary education from Friends Seminary , also in downtown New York City .
Juan de Colonia or Johannes von Köln ( about 1410 , Cologne -- August 3 , 1481 , Burgos ) was a gothic architect who introduced the flamboyant style to Castile .
Ganesh Ghosh hailed from Chittagong , now in Bangladesh .
Louis Fan Siu - wong ( born 19 June 1973 ) is a Hong Kong actor and martial artist .
Born in Manchester , Gerald Boland was the son of James Boland and Kate Boland née Woods and the brother of Harry Boland .
Adamson , elder son of the late Donald Adamson , was born at Culcheth , Lancashire ( now Cheshire ) , and brought up on his family 's farm at Lymm , in the county of Cheshire where his mother 's family has been resident for upwards of 500 years .
Maximilian Heidenreich ( born 9 May 1967 in Hanover , Niedersachsen ) is a German football manager and former player , who currently is manager for SV Weil .
Jon Sundby , born 8 June 1883 in Vestby , died 14 December in 1972 in Vestby , was a Norwegian farmer , politician and a council of state , and he had central positions of trust within agricultural economic organizations .
Marcos Neves ( born May 22 , 1988 in Paraíso do Tocantins ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Monique van der Vorst ( born 20 November 1984 , Gouda ) is a Dutch racing cyclist .
Jürg Amann ( born in Winterthur on July 2 , 1947 ; died on May 5 , 2013 in Zurich ) was a Swiss author and dramatist .
Anita Hegerland ( born 3 March 1961 in Sandefjord ) , is a Norwegian singer famous for her childhood career in Scandinavia , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , The Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg and subsequent vocal contributions to Mike Oldfield 's work , among others .
Following the death of his father , Nikolai Antsiferov lived with his mother in Pulavy ( in present - day Poland ) , and then in Kiev where he studied at the first Kiev Gymnasium .
Ali Hijazi ( born November 23 , 1976 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a former Sierra Leonean international basketball player and the current manager of the Sierra Leone national basketball team .
Adamson , the son of Harold Adamson and Marion `` Minnie '' Campbell Adamson , was born and raised in Greenville , New Jersey .
Robert Llewellyn ( born 10 March 1956 , in Northampton , Northamptonshire ) is an English actor , comedian and writer best known as the mechanoid Kryten in the hit TV sci - fi sitcom Red Dwarf and as a presenter of the TV engineering gameshow Scrapheap Challenge .
General Raheel Sharif was born in Quetta .
Gail Kane ( July 10 , 1885 -- February 17 , 1966 ) was a stage and silent movie actress born as Abigail Kane in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Ludovico II Gonzaga ( 1334 - 4 October 1382 ) was an Italian politician who was capitano del popolo of Mantua .
Andrea Bruno Mazzocato ( born 1 September 1948 in San Trovaso ) is an Italian Roman Catholic priest .
Jesse V. Johnson is a film director , screenwriter and stunt coordinator , born on November 29 , 1971 , in Winchester , England .
Kenny Rankin ( February 10 , 1940 - June 7 , 2009 ) was an American pop and jazz singer and songwriter , originally from the Washington Heights neighborhood of New York City , New York .
Bruno Rafael Bronetta da Silva ( born 19 March 1984 in Mogi das Cruzes ) is a Brazilian football , with Italian citizenship , he plays for S.E.R. Caxias do Sul .
Pam Ayres was born at Stanford in the Vale , Berkshire , now in Oxfordshire .
Cao Ziheng ( Chinese : 曹紫珩 ; born 6 March 1995 in Dalian ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai .
Moussa Doumbia , known as Tiken Jah Fakoly , was born on 23 June 1968 in Odienné , north - western Côte d'Ivoire .
Joseph Lewis , Jr. ( 1772 -- March 30 , 1834 ) was an 18th - century and 19th - century politician and lawyer from Virginia .
Teddy Geiger was born in Buffalo , New York , later moving to Rochester , New York .
He was born at St Levan in Cornwall to miller Joseph Wearne and Susannah Rogers .
Andranik Avetisyan ( Armenian : Անդրանիկ Հովհաննեսի Ավետիսյան ; born December 28 , 1968 , in Gyumri ) is an Armenian artist , businessman and a collector of art works .
Andy Siege ( Born Andreas Madjid Siege , 1985 , in Nairobi , Kenya ) is an award winning director .
Dirk Galuba ( born 28 August 1940 in Schneidemühl now Piła , Poland ) is a German television actor .
Levon Lachikyan ( Armenian : Լևոն Լաճիկյան , 1955 , September 7 , Gyumri ) art critic , graphic drawer .
Joel Feeney ( born in Oakville , Ontario ) is a Canadian country , pop music singer , songwriter and record producer .
Gerhart Hauptmann was born in 1862 in Obersalzbrunn , now known as Szczawno - Zdrój , in Lower Silesia ( then a part of Prussia , now part of Poland ) .
Rüdiger Schmidt - Grépály ( born 13 July 1952 in Bad Oldesloe , Schleswig - Holstein ) is a German Cultural Manager and Director of the Kolleg Friedrich Nietzsche at the Klassik Stiftung Weimar .
Norbert Hahn ( born 6 January 1954 , Elbingerode , Saxony - Anhalt ) is an East German former luger who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s .
Danièle Rochon is a Quebec painter born on the 8th of April 1946 , in Ottawa , Ontario .
Cyd Zeigler Jr ( born May 27 , 1973 in Harwich , Massachusetts ) is a commentator and author in the field of sexuality and sports .
Christopher A. Sinclair ( born September 5 , 1950 , Hong Kong ) is an American businessman .
Emiliano Testini ( born January 9 , 1977 in Perugia ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Spezia .
Jean - Luc Mongrain ( born July 16 , 1951 in Sherbrooke , Quebec ) is a Canadian journalist , television host and news anchor .
Nicky Grist ( born 1 November 1961 ) is a Welsh former rally co - driver , born in Ebbw Vale .
Vyacheslav Ivanovich Zof ( Вячеслав Иванович Зоф in Russian ) ( December 1889 , Dubno - June 20 , 1937 ) was a Soviet military figure and a statesman of Czech ethnicity .
Pablo Parés ( August 28 , 1978 - in Haedo , Buenos Aires Province ) is an Argentine film director , actor , film producer , cinematographer , screenwriter and film editor best known for his work in the horror film genre .
Nat Adderley was born in Tampa , Florida , but moved to Tallahassee , Florida , when both parents were hired to teach at Florida A&M University .
Blaž Kraljević was born on 16 September 1947 in the village of Lisice in the municipality of Ljubuški , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Emil Wikström ( April 13 , 1864 in Turku -- September 26 , 1942 ) was a Finnish sculptor .
Alceu Rodrigues Simoni Filho , or simply Alceu ( born May 7 , 1984 in Diadema , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Ernst Horn ( born 1949 in Munich ) is a German musician who played a crucial part in founding the bands Deine Lakaien , Qntal and Helium Vola .
Gaidis Bērziņš ( born 20 October 1970 in Riga ) is a Latvian politician , lawyer , and university lecturer in law .
Rómulo Betancourt was born in Guatire , a town near Caracas .
Michel Kitabdjian ( born 7 May 1930 in Nice ) is a French former referee .
Ferdinand Elbers ( 24 December 1862 in Ghent - 8 August 1943 in Molenbeek ) was a Flemish mechanic , trade unionist , and politician .
Sonia Antinori ( born in Viareggio on 23 April 1963 ) is an award - winning Italian playwright , actress , theater director and translator .
David Hoenigman ( born and raised in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an author of experimental literature and avant - garde literature .
Heather Fargo ( born December 12 , 1952 , in Oakland , California ) is a former mayor and former City Council Member of Sacramento , California .
Robert Polidori ( born 1951 in Montreal , Québec ) is a photographer known for his architectural studies and frequent contributions to magazines and books .
Matt Forde is a Nottingham - born comedian , impressionist , comedy writer , and radio presenter .
Jakob Stilling ( September 22 , 1842 - April 30 , 1915 ) was a German ophthalmologist from Kassel .
Born in Mauchline , Ayrshire in 1765 , Jean Armour was second oldest of the eleven children of stonemason James Armour ( died 1798 ) and Mary Smith Armour .
Born in Cruz Alta , Rio Grande do Sul , Catê began his football career with local side Guarany .
Daniel Harold Casriel ( Mar 1924 - June 1983 , age 59 ) was an American psychiatrist , psychoanalyst and writer from New York City .
Magdalena Schnurr ( born March 25 , 1992 in Baden - Baden ) is a German ski jumper .
Wilfried Huber ( born 15 November 1970 , Bruneck , South Tyrol ) is an Italian luger who has competed since 1985 .
Michel Vauzelle ( born 15 August 1944 in Montélimar , Drôme ) is the president of the regional council of Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur since 1998 .
Andrzej Karweta was born in Jeleń village ( part of Jaworzno since 1977 ) .
Nunzio Zavettieri ( Castrovillari , 10 February 1967 ) is a football ( soccer ) manager who last managed at FK Ventspils in the Latvian Higher League .
Rachelle Lefevre was born on February 1 , 1979 , in Montreal , Quebec , where she was raised , to an English teacher father and a psychologist mother .
Emerson Woelffer ( July 27 , 1914 -- February 2 , 2003 ) was a prominent abstract expressionism artist and painter born in Chicago .
Eberhard Blum ( April 28 , 1919 -- July 9 , 2003 ) , born in Kiel , was the fourth head of the German Federal Intelligence Bureau ( BND ) .
Kjell Qvale was born in Trondhjem , Norway , and was the son of a Norwegian sea captain .
Born in Seoul in 1976 , Shin Yeon - shick dropped out of his Spanish Studies major at university to pursue a career in filmmaking .
Gerhard Zinserling ( * 11 June 1926 in Erfurt ; † 11 November 1993 ) was a German classical archaeologist .
Piotr Kulpaka ( born September 12 , 1984 in Olsztyn ) is a Polish footballer who is player - manager for Mysen IF in Norwegian Fourth Division
Mo'Nique was born in Baltimore , Maryland , the daughter of engineer Alice Imes and drug counselor Steven Imes Jr. She is the youngest of four children : sister Millicent is her personal assistant ; brother Steve is her manager .
Elmer Keith was born in Missouri but was raised in Montana , Idaho , and eastern Oregon .
William Wilson Hunter was born on 15 July 1840 in Glasgow , Scotland , to Andrew Galloway Hunter , a Glasgow manufacturer .
Anna Czerwińska ( born July 10 , 1949 in Warsaw ) is a Polish mountaineer , known for being the oldest woman to Summit Mount Everest ( at the time ) at the age of 50 ( born 7/10/49 climbed Everest from the Nepal side on 5/22/2000 ) .
Giandomenico Facchina was born in 1826 in Sequals , today in the province of Pordenone in the Friuli Venezia Giulia region , at that time part of the Lombard - Venetian Kingdom .
Giovanni Ottavio Manciforte Sperelli was born in Assisi on February 23 , 1730 , the son of Marquis Marcantonio Manciforte , governor of the army of the March of Ancona , and Flavia Sperelli .
He practiced in Boston , Massachusetts , and was a partner in the architectural firm of Sheehan & Colleary and later William B. Colleary , both of which were responsible for the design of many Roman Catholic Church churches , schools , rectories , and convents .
Born in New York City , David Bradshaw was raised in Washington , DC and Old Greenwich , Connecticut .
Janet Jackson was born in Gary , Indiana , the youngest of ten children , to Katherine Esther ( née Scruse ) and Joseph Walter Jackson .
Louis Henri Nicot was a French sculptor born in Rennes on 12 February 1878 and who died In Paris 1944 .
Yahima Ramirez ( born 10 October 1979 , in Havana ) is a Cuban - born Portuguese judoka , which competes in the women 's --78 kg category .
Julien Hornuss , aka Julien , ( born 12 June 1986 in Paris ) , is a French footballer who currently plays for Fola Esch of the Luxembourgian first division 's BGL League .
Karine Ruby ( 4 January 1978 , Bonneville , Haute - Savoie -- 29 May 2009 ) was a French snowboarder and Olympic champion .
Adam Craig ( born August 15 , 1981 in Bangor , Maine ) is a professional mountain biker currently living in Bend , Oregon .
Zoran Lončar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Лончар , born in 1965 in Novi Sad ) is the former Serbian Minister of Education and Minister of Public Administration and Local Self - Government .
Adnan Aliev ( Bulgarian : Аднан Алиев ) ( born November 14 , 1983 in Asenovgrad ) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s .
Marv Green ( born in California ) is an American country music songwriter .
Diedrich Diederichsen was born and grew up in Hamburg where he worked as a music journalist and editor of the German Sounds magazine in the heyday of punk and new wave from 1979 to 1983 .
Errico Malatesta was born to a family of middle - class landowners in Santa Maria Capua Vetere , Italy ( in the province of Caserta ) on 14 December 1853 .
Michael Greif ( born ca . 1959 ) is a stage director , born in Brooklyn , New York .
Paulino Lopes Tavares ( born December 10 , 1984 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese footballer , who most recently played for ES Viry - Châtillon .
Emil Brix ( b. 1956 in Vienna ) is an Austrian diplomat and historian .
Nick Hancock ( born 25 October 1962 , Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire ) is an English actor and television presenter .
Vincent Guérin ( born 22 November 1965 in Boulogne - Billancourt ) is a former footballer who played in a midfield role , currently the reserve coach at Paris Saint - Germain .
Senator Abbie Cornett was born in Omaha , Nebraska .
Roscoe Charles Wilson was born in Centralia , Pennsylvania , on 11 June 1905 , the son of an Army officer , Colonel Everett R. Wilson .
Yoseph Alicia Machado Fajardo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈlisja maˈtʃaðo ) ; born December 6 , 1976 in Maracay ) is a Venezuelan actress , TV host , singer and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1996 .
Dennis Leeflang ( born 22 May 1979 , Leiderdorp ) is a rock drummer , currently living in Los Angeles .
Mackroy Peixote ( born 11 May 1990 ) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Laxmi Prasad in the Goa Professional League .
Shajith Koyeri was born in Punnol in Kannur district of Kerala , to Soma Sundaran and Rathibayi .
Veronica Freeman aka The V ( born December 17 , 1977 in San Diego , California ) is the lead vocalist of the American heavy metal band Benedictum .
Baptised on 28 February 1611 in Bristol , England , Sir John Yeamans was a younger son of John Yeamans , a brewer of Redcliffe , Bristol who died about 1645 , and his wife Blanche Germain .
Sthefany Fernandes de Brito ( São Paulo , 19 June 1987 ) , more commonly known as Sthefany Brito , is a Brazilian actress and the older sister of actor Kayky Brito .
Drawings by Sir George and John Hayter ( exh . cat . by B. Coffey ( Bryant ) , London , Morton Morris , 1982 ) ( incl . checklist of prints )
Besheer El - Tabei ( Arabic : بشير التابعي ) ( born 24 February 1976 in Damietta ) is a retired Egyptian Football .
Eusebio Unzué Labiano ( born in Orcoyen , Navarra , 26 February 1955 ) is the team manager of the Movistar Team , a Spanish professional cycling team .
Lewis Howard Latimer was born in Chelsea , Massachusetts , on September 4 , 1848 , the youngest of four children of Rebecca Latimer ( 1826 - -1910 ) and George Latimer ( July 4 , 1818 -- May 29 , 1896 ) .
Born in Rochester , New York , James Sibley Watson , Jr. was an heir to the Western Union telegraph fortune created by his grandfathers , Don Alonzo Watson and Hiram Sibley .
Amanda Blank ( born Amanda Mallory on March 21 , 1983 ) is an American singer , rapper and member of the performance art band Sweatheart based in Philadelphia .
Fabrice Moreau ( born October 7 , 1967 in Paris ) is a former French - Cameroonian footballer .
Tim Bricheno ( born Timothy John Bricheno , 6 July 1963 , Huddersfield , Yorkshire ) is an English guitarist , songwriter and music educator .
John Lanchbery was born into a working class family in London in 1923 .
Dashan ( Chinese : 大山 ; pinyin : Dàshān ; literally : `` Big Mountain '' ) is the Chinese stage name adopted by Canadian Mark Henry Rowswell , CM ( born May 23 , 1965 in Ottawa , Ontario ) who works as a freelance performer in the People 's Republic of China .
Sebastian Strasser ( * 6 . November 1967 in Sibiu ( Hermannstadt ) , Romania ) is a German director of commercials and films .
Patrick Levaye ( born in Orléans , in Loiret , on July 26 , 1952 ) is a writer and a French Senior official .
Leo Castelli , whose original name was Leo Krausz , was born in Trieste , Italy , the second of three children of Italian and Austro - Hungarian Jewish origin .
Thomas De Gendt ( born 6 November 1986 in Sint - Niklaas ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rides for Lotto--
Mustafa Balel , Turkish short story writer and novelist ( born 1 September in 1945 , Sivas ) .
August Gaul ( German : ( ˈɡaʊl ) ; October 22 , 1869 -- October 18 , 1922 ) was a German sculptor and expressionism artist , born in Großauheim ( now part of Hanau ) .
Malvina Hoffman was born in New York City , the daughter of the concert pianist , Richard Hoffman .
Zak Knutson ( born January 4 , 1974 , Detroit , Michigan ) is a director , producer , writer , and actor .
Miroslav Baranek ( born 11 October 1973 in Havířov ) is a retired Czech footballer , who nowadays serves as a Team Manager at Sparta Prague .
Martin Gerbert ( 11 August 1720 -- 3 May 1793 ) , German theologian , historian and writer on music , belonged to the noble family of Gerbert von Hornau , and was born at Horb am Neckar , Württemberg , on 12 ( or 11 or 13 ) August 1720 .
Kristi Vangjeli ( born 5 September 1985 ) is an Albanian footballer of who currently playing for Skenderbeu Korçë in the Albanian league and the Albanian national team .
Luz Machado ( Ciudad Bolívar , February 3 , 1916 -- 1999 , pseudonym : Ágata Cruz ) was a Venezuelan political activist , journalist and poet .
Norm Hiscock ( born in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian screenwriter and producer .
Tomas Locatelli ( born 9 June 1976 in Bergamo ) is a former Italian footballer who played as a playmaking attacking midfielder .
Dameon Johnson ( born October 29 , 1976 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an American former sprinter .
Serafim Tulikov was born in Kaluga , western Russia , to the family of bookkeeper Grigoriy Boboedov .
Joey Melo ( born January 25 , 1989 in Milton , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional soccer player who currently plays for North York Astros of the Canadian Soccer League .
Genc Iseni or Hyseni ( born 28 March 1983 , in Ferizaj ) is a Kosovar Albanian football striker who plays for Rabotnicki .
Anne Tenney ( born 1954 in Sydney ) is an Australian film , television and theatre actress , probably best known for her role as Molly Jones in the television drama A Country Practice , Liz Taylor in Always Greener and Sal Kerrigan opposite Michael Caton in the major hit film The Castle .
Adrian Baker ( born 18 January 1951 , London ) is an English singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Seán Munsanje is an Irish television presenter from Dublin .
Brian Suda ( born 29 May 1979 , St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American informatician living in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Nathan Benjamin ben Elisha HaLevi Ghazzati or Nathan of Gaza ( Hebrew : נתן העזתי‎‎ ; 1643 - -1680 ) was a theologian and author born in Jerusalem .
Donald George Mackay was born on 29 June 1870 at Yass , New South Wales , son of Alexander Mackay , owner of Wallendbeen station , and his wife Annie .
Born in Venice into an aristocratic family , the grandson of the opera composer Francesco Malipiero , Gian Francesco Malipiero was prevented by family troubles from pursuing his musical education in a consistent manner .
János Bródy was born on 5 April 1946 in Budapest as the child of András Bródy , Széchenyi Award - winning economist , and Márta Vajna , a teacher .
Kjersti Alveberg began to dance at the age of four , but not until she was 19 she took the decisive step of starting her dance studies at Norwegian National Academy of Ballet in Oslo , working at the same time at Chat Noir as a dancer .
Giovanni Tommasi Ferroni ( born November 12 , 1967 in Rome ) is an Italian magic realism artist specializing in fantasy painting .
Orgest Buzi ( born 20 September 1994 in Fier ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Dinamo Tirana in the Albanian First Division on loan from Bylis Ballsh .
Isaac Romo González ( born March 23 , 1983 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays for Cimarrones de Sonora in the Ascenso MX .
Frank Neubarth ( born 29 July 1962 in Hamburg ) is a German football manager and former player who spent his whole career with SV Werder Bremen and has since managed FC Schalke 04 , Holstein Kiel and FC Carl Zeiss Jena .
Falko Traber ( born in Besançon , France , October 13 , 1959 ) is a German high wire artist .
Mark Dymond ( born 1974 , Wimbledon , London ) is an English actor of Irish descent .
Josef Abrhám ( born December 14 , 1939 in Zlín ) is a Czech film and theatre actor .
Although Jamie Parker was born in Middlesbrough , Cleveland , on 14 August 1979 , he was brought up and raised with his family in Darlington .
Selim Giray , ( born 6 June 1970 , Istanbul ) Turkish born American Violinist , Researcher , Clinician and Conductor .
Sirvard Emirzyan ( Armenian : Սիրվարդ Էմիրզյան , born 5 June 1966 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is a former Soviet diver of Armenian descent .
Hildegard Goss - Mayr ( born 22 January 1930 , Vienna ) is an Austrian nonviolent activist and Christian theologian .
The youngest of five children , Ryan Stiles was born in Seattle , Washington , to Canadian parents , Irene and Sonny Stiles .
Erich Walter Sternberg ( Hebrew : אריך ולטר שטרנברג‎ , May 31 , 1891 , Berlin -- December 15 , 1974 , Tel Aviv ) was a German - born Israeli composer .
Gary Ruddell ( born November 16 , 1951 in San Mateo , California ) is an American artist best known for his figurative representational paintings .
Yoram Gutgeld was born in Tel Aviv from a family of Polish Jews .
Born on 12 August 1892 in Metz , Ludwig Bieringer joined the German Army straight from school in 1913 .
Anne Heche was born on May 25 , 1969 in Aurora , Ohio , the youngest of five children of Nancy ( née Prickett ) and Donald Joseph Heche .
Gilles Peterson ( born 28 September 1964 , Caen , France ) is a British - based DJ , record collector and record label owner residing in London .
Vigalantee was born in Chicago , but spent the majority of his childhood in a small town in Georgia , where he had a daily reminder of racism and segregation .
Lucille Norman was born Lucille Pharaby Boileau in Lincoln , Nebraska into a performing family .
( Joseph ) Émile Rigaud was born on March 27 , 1824 in Pourrières .
Walter Schreiber was born in Berlin to Paul Schreiber ( a postal inspector ) and his wife Gertrud Kettlitz .
Giorgos Panagi ( Greek : Γιώργος Παναγή ; born November 3 , 1986 in Larnaca ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Omonia Aradippou in the Cypriot Second Division .
Fabienne Thibeault ( 16 Jun 1952 Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian singer .
Stéphane Diagana ( born 23 July 1969 in Saint - Affrique , Aveyron ) is a retired , French track and field sprinter and hurdler .
Jean Philippe Piter born on 4 April 1968 in Dakar , Senegal .
Sarah Cameron Sunde is an American theatrical director and translator based in New York City .
Isabelle Vengerova ( Belarusian : Ізабэла Венгерава ; 1 March ( O.S. 17 February ) 1877 -- 7 February 1956 ) was a Russian , later American , pianist and music teacher She was born Izabella Afanasyevna Vengerova ( Изабелла Афанасьевна Венгерова ) , in Minsk ( now in Belarus ) .
Marc Silk ( born 20 December 1972 ) is a British voice actor from Solihull , England .
Sonja Oberem , née Krolik ( born 24 February 1973 in Rheydt ) is a German athlete , who specialized in the marathon races .
Jiří Melantrich of Aventino ( Czech : Jiří Melantrich z Aventina ; born Jiří Černý Rožďalovický ; c.1511 in Rožďalovice -- November 19 , 1580 in Prague ) was an important Czech Renaissance printer and publisher .
Born in the village of Paleros Akarnania , Greece , Terry Serepisos and his family emigrated to New Zealand when he was two years old .
Thomas G. Waites ( born January 8 , 1955 ) is an American actor and acting instructor born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Aaron Jay Kernis was born in Bensalem Township , PA , near Philadelphia .
Yevgeny Shapovalov was born on December 25 , 1904 in the city of Taganrog into a worker 's family .
Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Bauermann ( born 13 February 1996 in Estância Velha in Brazil ) , known as Eduardo is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Defender for Internacional .
Karine Ferri was born Karine Jalabert in Suresnes in the department of Hauts - de - Seine , to a French father and a Portuguese mother .
Mirko Bolesan ( born 6 May 1975 in Genoa ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Meng Huo was popularly regarded as a local leader representing the gentries of the Nanzhong region during the Three Kingdoms era of Chinese history .
Colin Brunton ( born 1955 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian producer and director .
Jennifer Rowe was born in Sydney , and raised with two younger brothers on Sydney 's North Shore .
Marco Antonio Guarini ( Ferrara ... - ... ) was an Italian historian and scholar , nephew of Giovanni Battista Guarini and author of the Compendio Historico and of the Famiglie illustri della città di Ferrara .
Charle Cournoyer ( born June 11 , 1991 ) is a Canadian short track speed skater from Boucherville , Quebec .
Apostolos Santas was born in 1922 in Patras , while his roots were from the Ionian island of Lefkada .
George Sherwood Eddy was born on January 19 , 1871 to George Alfred Eddy and Margaret Louise Nolan at Leavenworth , Kansas .
Linda Medley ( born May 17 , 1964 , in Stockton , California ) is an American comic book author and illustrator , known for her Castle Waiting series of comic books and graphic novels .
Beatrice Blackwood was born in London on 3 May 1889 , daughter of the publisher James Blackwood .
Adam Ševčík ( born 24 January 1993 ) is a Czech footballer who plays as a striker for SK Hanácká Slavia Kroměříž in the MSFL on loan from Sigma Olomouc .
She was born Hilal Nebahat Çehre on 15 March 1944 , in Samsun , a city by the Black Sea in northern Turkey .
Nick Magnus ( born 1 February 1955 in Emsworth , Hampshire , England ) is a British keyboard player , songwriter , composer , arranger , engineer and producer .
Rostam Mirlashari ( born 22 January 1961 in Zahedan ) is a Balochi singer , based in Sweden .
Baraguru Ramachandrappa ( Kannada : ಬರಗೂರು ರಾಮಚಂದ್ರಪ್ಪ ; born in Baraguru village in Sira taluk , Tumkur district , Karnataka state on 18 October 1947 ) is a noted Indian writer in the Kannada language from Karnataka .
Kimball was born in West Newton , Massachusetts to American entrepreneur Hannibal Ingalls Kimball and Mary ( Cook ) Kimball .
Tom Gilroy is an American writer , director , producer , and actor from Ridgefield , Connecticut .
Suleiman Yudakov , a Bukharian Jew , was born in Kokand , and started to devote himself to music in the orphanage where he spent three years of his childhood .
Fulvio Valbusa ( born February 15 , 1969 in Verona ) is an Italian cross - country skier who competed from 1992 to 2006 .
Frederick Richard Pickersgill RA ( 25 September 1820 , London -- 20 December 1900 ) was an English painter and book illustrator .
Camilla Horn ( 25 April 1903 , Frankfurt am Main -- 14 August 1996 ) was a German dancer and a film star of the silent and sound era .
Fyodor Panayev was born in 1856 in the settlement of Yug , Russia .
Terry Darracott ( born 6 October 1950 in Liverpool ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back for Everton and Wrexham in the Football League and for the Tulsa Roughnecks in the North American Soccer League .
Israel Damonte ( born 6 January 1982 in Salto , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football midfielder playing for Estudiantes ( LP ) in the Argentine Primera División .
E.J. Trivette ( born June 6 , 1936 - Deep Gap , North Carolina , USA ) is a retired NASCAR Winston Cup Series ( now Sprint Cup Series ) driver .
José Curbelo ( February 18 , 1917 , Havana - September 21 , 2012 , Miami ) was a Cuban - born American pianist and manager .
Sergey Verlin ( Сергей Верлин , born October 12 , 1974 in Voronezh ) is a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the mid - to - late 1990s .
Albert Attalla was born in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio on September 29 , 1931 to Ida and Farris Attalla in their home .
Germain Nelzy ( born August 3 , 1934 in Case - Pilote , Martinique ) is a French athlete who specialises in the 4 x 400 meter relay .
Tommy Paul ( 4 April 1909 -- 28 April 1991 ) was a world featherweight boxing champion from Buffalo , NY .
Gennaro Bracigliano ( born March 1 , 1980 in Forbach , Moselle ) is a French soccer player , currently playing for NorthEast United FC in the Indian Super League .
Syeda Anwara Taimur ( born 24 November 1936 ) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Assam from 6 December 1980 to 30 June 1981 .
Abigail Adams was born at the North Parish Congregational Church in Weymouth , Massachusetts , to William Smith ( 1707 - 1783 ) and Elizabeth ( née Quincy ) Smith .
William Wilde was born at Kilkeevin , near Castlerea , in County Roscommon , the youngest of the three sons and two daughters of a prominent local medical practitioner , Thomas Wills Wilde , and his wife , Amelia ( d. c.1844 ) , and received his initial education at the Elphin Diocesan School in Elphin , County Roscommon .
Ossi Oswalda ( 2 February 1899 -- 1 January 1948 ) , born Oswalda Stäglich in Niederschönhausen , was a German actress , who mostly appeared in silent films .
Bristow Muldoon ( born 19 March 1964 in Glasgow ) is a former Scottish Labour politician .
Basel Al Ali ( Arabic : باسل العلي‎ , born 1 January 1982 in Syria ) is a Syrian footballer who currently plays for Al - Faisaly in Jordan .
Salimbene di Adam , O.F.M. , ( or Salimbene of Parma ) ( 9 October 1221 -- c. 1290 ) was an Italian Franciscan friar , theologian , and chronicler who is a source for Italian history of the 13th century .
Patricia Girard ( also Girard - Léno , born April 8 , 1968 in Pointe - à - Pitre , Guadeloupe , ) is a French athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metre Hurdles .
Albert Alcalay ( 1917 Paris - March 29 , 2008 Boston ) was an American abstract artist , also known as an abstract expressionism artist .
Stevan Naumov - Stiv ( Macedonian : Стеван Наумов - Стив ) was a Macedonian partisan and one of the organizers of the Peoples 's Liberation Struggle in Bitola area who was declared a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia .
Davy De Beule ( born 7 November 1981 in Hamme ) is a Belgian footballer who is playing in the Belgian Fourth Division for Beerschot Wilrijk .
Jessica Schultz ( born January 2 , 1985 in Anchorage , Alaska ) is an American curler from Richfield , Minnesota .
Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker ( May 3 , 1828 -- February 7 , 1890 ) was a German ophthalmologist born near Ratzeburg .
Koch ( pronounced coke ) was born Jay Kenneth Koch in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Stéphane Mifsud is a French free diver born 13 August 1971 in Istres ( Bouches - du - Rhône ) .
John Clellon Holmes ( March 12 , 1926 , Holyoke , Massachusetts -- March 30 , 1988 , Middletown , Connecticut ) was an American author , poet and professor , best known for his 1952 novel Go .
Rodolfo Ranni ( born 31 October 1937 , Trieste , Italy ) is an Italian Argentine film actor .
Daniel Duarte ( born 25 October 1979 ) is an Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a Central Midfielder .
Rubén Cedeño ( born 21 May 1952 in Caracas ) , is a Venezuelan musician , composer , painter , writer and speaker on metaphysical subjects .
Chelsy Davy was born in Bulawayo , Rhodesia , to Charles Davy , a South African safari farmer , and Beverley Donald Davy , a former Coca - Cola model and Miss Rhodesia 1973 .
Rodo was born in Vevey , and in 1866 moved with his family to Geneva .
Zhang Chen ( simplified Chinese : 张晨 ; traditional Chinese : 張晨 ; pinyin : Zhāng Chen ; born on December 17 , 1981 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player as a Goalkeeper .
Harald Hudak ( born 28 January 1957 in Vaihingen an der Enz ) is a retired ( West ) German middle distance runner who specialized in 1500 metres .
Alice Gainer ( born July 3 , 1982 in Wayne , New Jersey ) is an Emmy Award winning Anchor / Reporter for WCBS - TV and WLNY - TV , New York .
Sheikh Tosun Bayrak al - Jerrahi al - Halveti ( Istanbul : 1926 ) is an author , translator and Sufi .
Clare Chambers ( born 1966 in Croydon , Surrey , England ) is a British novelist of different genres .
Vladyslav Korobkin ( Ukrainian : Владислав Володимирович Коробкін , born 21 January 1983 in Kharkiv in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk in the Ukrainian Second League .
Feng Junyan ( simplified Chinese : 冯俊彦 ; traditional Chinese : 馮俊彥 ; pinyin : Féng Jùnyàn ; born 18 February 1984 ) is a former Chinese footballer who predominantly played for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Happy Traum ( born Harry Peter Traum , May 9 , 1938 , The Bronx , New York City ) is an American folk musician who started playing music in the 1950s .
Guy Parselany is Jewish , was born in Haifa , Israel , and grew up in Qiryat Haim . He is the son of Arie and Roth , and has two younger brothers , Roy and Tal Parselany .
Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah , Arabic : يوسف بن علوي بن عبد الله ( born 1945 in Salalah ) is an Omani politician .
Frederic Bancroft ( October 30 , 1860 in Galesburg , Illinois -- on February 22 , 1945 ) was a historian , author , and librarian .
Andres Arango ( born April 23 , 1983 in Medellín ) is a retired Colombian - born Canadian soccer player .
Nataliia Lupu ( born 4 November 1987 in Marshyntsi ) is a Ukrainian athlete of Romanian descent , who specializes in 800 metres .
Helman Mkhalele ( born 20 October 1969 , in Newcastle , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a former South African football player better known as Midnight Express .
Karan Rastogi ( born 8 October 1986 , Mumbai ) is an Indian tennis player .
Hayford Peirce ( born January 7 , 1942 in Bangor , Maine ) is an American writer of science fiction , mysteries , and spy thrillers .
Lascelles Brown ( born October 12 , 1974 in May Pen ) is a Jamaican - born Canadian bobsledder who has competed for three countries since starting his career in 1999 .
Till - Holger Borchert ( born 1967 , Hamburg ) is a German art historian and author specialising in 14th and 15th - century art . He has been the chief curator of the Groeningemuseum and Arentshuis museums in Bruges since 2003 .
Georges St - Pierre , a French - speaking Quebecer , was born on May 19 , 1981 in Saint - Isidore , Quebec , to Roland and Pauline St - Pierre .
John Adair was born January 9 , 1757 , in Chester County , South Carolina , a son of Scottish immigrants Baron William and Mary ( Moore ) Adair .
Soheil Ayari ( born 5 April 1970 ) is a French - Iranian race car driver born in Aix - les - Bains , Savoie , from an Iranian father and a French mother .
Claudia Pastorino ( born 1965 in Genoa ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , author , and an advocate for animal rights , vegetarianism , and Jainism .
James Blight was born in 1976 in Richmond , British Columbia and started voice acting in 2003 after attending Vancouver Film School .
Philippe Poutou ( French pronunciation : ​(filip putu ) ; born 14 March 1967 in Villemomble , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French far left political figure and trade unionist , and worker in a car factory .
At an early age Cai Jinbiao would be accepted in a specialist sports school within Xingning , Guangdong before he started his career playing for the Guangdong youth team where he would soon be promoted to the senior team in 1974 .
Maurício Grabois was born on October 2 , 1912 in Salvador , Bahia , a city on the northeast coast of Brazil .
T. J. Jemison was born in 1918 in Selma , Alabama where his father , the Reverend David V. Jemison , was the pastor of the Tabernacle Baptist Church .
Drew Rutherford ( 4 October 1953 -- 14 December 2005 ) was a professional footballer who played most of his career for St Johnstone F.C. Although Edinburgh - born , Rutherford lived most of his life in Fife and started his professional career at East Fife .
Paul Oskar Kristeller ( May 22 , 1905 in Berlin -- June 7 , 1999 in New York , USA ) was an important scholar of Renaissance humanism .
Rajkumar Lal Pratap Singh was one of the Indian independence activist of 1857 hailing from Visen Rajput dynasty of royal family of Kalakankar .
Petra Burka was born in Amsterdam , Netherlands on November 17 , 1946 , the daughter of renowned figure skater Ellen Burka and a Czech - born artist Jan Burka .
Yammie Lam Kit - ying ( born 27 April 1964 ) , also known as Yammie Nam , is a former Hong Kong TVB actress , most notable for her performances in The Greed of Man and Looking Back In Anger .
Born in New Delhi on the 11th of May , Arvind Krishna has spent his childhood traversing between Chennai and Delhi .
Reza Mirkarimi ( Persian : رضا میرکریمی ‎‎ , Born 28 January 1966 in Tehran ) is an Iranian film writer and director .
Jon de Mello born in Honolulu and raised in Waikiki is an American record producer , manager , composer , artist , very famous for producing Israel `` IZ '' Kamakawiwoʻole .
Nina Sulaberidze ( Georgian : ნინა სულაბერიძე , born 31 January 1995 in Moscow , Russia ) , better known by her stage name Nina Sublatti ( Georgian : ნინა სუბლატი ) , is a Georgian singer , songwriter , calligrapher and model .
Piet van der Kuil ( 10 February 1933 , Velsen ) is a former Dutch footballer and has a football school in Velsen .
Ana - Maria Avram ( born September 12 , 1961 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian composer affiliated with the spectral music style .
Welinton Souza Silva , or simply Welinton ( born April 10 , 1989 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian football central back , who plays for Brazilian Série A club Flamengo .
Gene Havlick ( March 16 , 1894 in Enid , Oklahoma , USA - May 11 , 1959 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American film editor .
Miodrag Đurđević ( born June 2 , 1961 in Doboj ) is a former Yugoslav / Bosnian football player .
Born in Munich , Klaus Mann was the son of German writer Thomas Mann and his wife , Katia Pringsheim .
Born in Matosinhos , Cadinha spent the better part of his career with hometown club Leixões SC , reaching the youth academy at the age of 10 .
Firas Kashosh ( Arabic : فراس قاشوش‎ ) ( born 10 January 1976 in Hama , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Matthias Kessler ( born May 16 , 1979 in Nuremberg ) , is a German professional road racing cyclist who rode for Astana .
Bassem Boulaâbi ( بسام البولعابي , born 11 January 1984 in Tunis ) is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Chinese Super League side Hangzhou Greentown .
Felix Kopstein ( 4 June 1893 , Vienna -- 14 April 1939 , The Hague ) was an Austrian - Dutch physician and naturalist , known for his work in the field of herpetology .
Oldřich Kaiser ( born 16 April 1955 , Liberec , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech TV , film , and stage actor , known mostly for his comedy roles .
Omer Fadida ( Hebrew : עומר פדידה‎ , born 17 July 1990 in Kfar Saba ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as striker for Israeli Prememier League club Hapoel Kfar Saba .
Born in Wolmirstedt , Prussia , Friedrich Schrader passed his Abitur at the Domgymnasium Magdeburg .
Laura Tomlinson ( née Bechtolsheimer ) MBE ( born 31 January 1985 , in Mainz , Germany ) is a German - born British dressage rider competing at Olympic level .
Ven Te Chow ( 周文德 ) , ( October 7 , 1919 , Hangzhou , China , -- July 30 , 1981 ) , was an engineer and educator .
Contrary to a popular belief that Genevieve Tobin was born in Dublin , Ireland , her New York City birth is conclusively proven by her legal birth certificate - Number 46157 - of November 29 , 1899 .
Carol Reed was born in Putney , south - west London .
Richard Hunter Gilstrap , Jr. ( born April 17 , 1983 in Asheville , North Carolina ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the United Soccer League .
Born at Ícolo e Bengo , in Bengo Province , Angola , in 1922 , Neto attended high school in the capital city , Luanda ; his father , also called Agostinho Neto , was a Methodist pastor .
Peter Sládek ( born 7 July 1989 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Myjava as a forward or a winger .
Douglas da Costa Souza or simply Bilica ( born January 31 , 1979 in Fortaleza ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Jukka Vastaranta ( born March 29 , 1984 ) is a Finnish pro - cyclist from Tampere .
Saša Kovačević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Caшa Koвaчeвић , born 29 March 1973 in Zemun ) is a Serbian former international footballer .
Neil Duffy was born in Glasgow on 5 June 1967 , but brought up in Pietermaritzburg , South Africa .
Muhamed Keita ( born 2 September 1990 in Banjul , Gambia ) is a Norwegian footballer of Gambian ancestry , currently playing for Strømsgodset , on loan from Lech Poznań in the Norwegian Tippeligaen .
Ángel Nieves Díaz ( August 31 , 1951 -- December 13 , 2006 ) was an American convict from the US territory of Puerto Rico who was executed by lethal injection by the State of Florida .
Hakan Albayrak was born in Hanau , in the German state Hessen to Ziya Albayrak , who went to Germany in the early 1960s , seeking work as part of a formal guest worker programme , and his wife Gülbeyaz Albayrak .
Farhat Musabekov ( Russian : Фархад Мусабеков , tr . Farkhad Musabekov ; born 3 January 1994 ) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Abdysh - Ata Kant and Kyrgyzstan .
Pao Sarasin graduated from Vajiravudh College , a boarding school in Bangkok .
Albert von Maybach was born on 29 November 1822 at Werne an der Lippe as the son of the mayor ( Bürgermeister ) of Werne .
Clive Sinclair was born to George William Sinclair and Thora Edith Ella Marles in 1940 near Richmond , then in Surrey .
Terry McGurrin ( born November 5 , 1968 ) is a Canadian actor , comedian and writer from Ottawa , Ontario .
Paul Gruchow ( May 23 , 1947 -- February 22 , 2004 ) was an American author , editor , and conservationist from Montevideo , Minnesota .
Raven Oak ( born December 21 , 1977 in Riverside , California ) is an American author , whose written works range from science fiction & fantasy to cross - genre .
Reginald Pinney was born in 1863 in Clifton , Bristol , the eldest son of the Reverend John Pinney , vicar of Coleshill , Warwickshire , and his wife , Harriet .
He was born William Bliss Carman in Fredericton , in the Maritime province of New Brunswick .
Stephan Hansen Stephanius ( July 23 , 1599 -- April 22 , 1650 ) , born in Copenhagen , was a Danish royal historiographer and professor in Sorø .
Ezequiel Viñao ( born July 21 , 1960 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine - American composer .
Gintaras Steponavičius ( born 23 July 1967 in Klaipėda ) is a Lithuanian lawyer and Liberal politician .
Maria Arkhipova ( Russian : Мари́я Архипова ; born 9 January 1983 in Moscow ) , known by her stage name as Masha Scream ( Russian : Маша Крик ) is a Russian folk / pagan metal musician from Moscow .
Sara Driver ( born December 15 , 1955 ) is an American independent filmmaker from Westfield , New Jersey .
Mark Salter is an American speechwriter from Davenport , Iowa , known for his collaborations with United States Senator John McCain on several nonfiction books as well as on political speeches .
Vitaliy Nikolayevich Bubentsov ( Russian : Виталий Бубенцов ; born February 12 , 1944 , Murmansk ) is a Russian artist working in the genres of portrait , landscape , still - life and thematic picture executed in various techniques .
Selâhattin Âdil ( January 19 , 1882 ; Constantinople ( Istanbul ) -- February 27 , 1961 ; Istanbul ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army .
Günther Rüdel was born in Metz , in Alsace - Lorraine , on 15 November 1883 .
Jean - Honoré de Trogoff de Kerlessy ( 5 May 1751 , Lanmeur -- February 1794 , in the roadstead at Porto - Ferrajo , Elba ) was a French count and contre - amiral , notable for handing over the French fleet at Toulon over to the British in 1793 .
Henry Head was born on 4 August 1861 at number 6 , Park Road , Stoke Newington ( a district in the London Borough of Hackney ) , as the eldest son of Henry Head and his wife Hester Beck and one of eleven children .
Frederick Coyett ( Chinese : 揆一 ; pinyin : Kuíyī ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kûi - it ) , born in Stockholm c. 1615 , buried in Amsterdam on 17 October 1687 , was a Swedish nobleman and the last colonial governor for the Dutch colony of Formosa .
Werner Sombart was born in Ermsleben , Harz , the son of a wealthy liberal politician , industrialist , and estate - owner , Anton Ludwig Sombart .
William Murdoch was born in Lugar near Cumnock , East Ayrshire , Scotland , the third of seven children and the first son to survive beyond infancy .
Vlado Badžim ( born 21 October 1964 in Koper ) , is a retired Slovenian football player and football coach .
Kimberly Osorio ( born June 14 , 1974 in The Bronx , New York City ) is an American Hip hop music journalist , writer , author , TV personality and media executive , who holds a Juris Doctorate from New York Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from Fordham University .
Mickaël Pagis ( born August 17 , 1973 in Angers , Maine - et - Loire ) is a retired French football striker and currently a beach soccer player .
Aloysius O'Kelly ( 3 July 1853 in Dublin -- 1936 ) was an Irish painter .
Michael Flürscheim ( January 27 , 1844 , Frankfurt / Main - April 26 , 1912 ) was a German economist and Georgist .
Leela James ( born June 2 , 1983 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American R&B and soul singer - songwriter .
Milutin Mrkonjić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милутин Мркоњић ; pronounced ( milǔtin mr̩̂kɔɲitɕ ) ; born 23 May 1942 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian politician .
Zhu Shiyu ( Chinese : 朱世玉 ; pinyin : Zhū Shìyù ; born 16 April 1991 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One .
Nestor Lakoba was born in the village of Lykhny in Abkhazia and like many Caucasian Bolsheviks , began as a bandit persecuted by the Tsarist police , and he became a personal friend of Stalin 's during their time together in the revolutionary underground .
Warren Ounjian ( born May 11 , 1982 in Ajax , Ontario ) is a Canadian amateur skateboarder .
Hani Al Taiar ( Arabic : هاني الطيار‎ ) ( born May 1 , 1990 in Homs ) is a Syrian footballer .
Moritz Leuenberger ( born 21 September 1946 in Biel / Bienne , Canton of Bern ) is a Swiss politician , lawyer , was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1995 to 2010 and President of the Confederation in 2001 and in 2006 .
Moussa Guindo ( born January 25 , 1991 in Adjamé ) is an Ivorian - Malian footballer , who currently plays for CA Bizertin .
Robert Maćkowiak ( born May 13 , 1970 in Rawicz , Wielkopolskie ) is a former Polish sprinter .
A member of the Spinola family , Filippo Spinola was born in Genoa on 1 December 1535 , the son of Agostino Spinola , count of Tassarolo , and Gironima Albenga .
George Ledwell Taylor ( 31 March 1788 -- 1 May 1873 ) was an architect and landowner who lived in London .
Girsh Blumberg was raised in Viljandi , Estonia of educator parents , along with his two sisters .
Jean - Baptiste de Santeul was born on 12 May 1630 in Paris , to a good family .
Dimitris Kyriakidis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Κυριακίδης ; born 24 June 1986 in Kavala ) is a Greek footballer .
David Astle ( born 9 November 1961 in Sydney , Australia ) is a Melbourne - based writer of non - fiction , fiction and plays .
Jasmine Kara was born and raised in Örebro , Sweden , to a Swedish mother and a father from Iran .
Born Moyer MacClaren Bupp in New York City , Sonny Bupp was the brother of actors Tommy Bupp ( 1924 - -1983 ) , June Bupp ( 1913 - -1989 ) and Ann Bupp ( b. 1922 ) .
Afrânio Pompílio Gastos do Amaral ( 1 December 1894 , Belém -- 29 November 1982 , São Paulo ) was a Brazilian herpetologist .
Stefania Jabłońska ( September 7 , 1920 -- March 18 , 2015 ) is a Polish physician and professor emeritus of Dermatology at Medical University of Warsaw .
Andreas Palaiologos or Palaeologus ( Greek : Ἀνδρέας Παλαιολόγος ; Serbian : Андреја Палеолог ; 1453 - -1502 ) was the pretender Byzantine emperor and Despot of Morea from 1465 until his death in 1502 .
Jules Halfant ( June 23 , 1909 in New York City , New York -- May 5 , 2001 in Berkeley Heights , New Jersey ) is an American painter and printmaker .
Mike Kuchar ( born August 31 , 1942 , New York City ) is an American underground filmmaker and actor .
Alderton was born in Gainsborough , Lincolnshire , the son of Ivy ( née Handley ) and Gordon John Alderton .
Desmond Fa'aiuaso ( born 24 February 1984 ) is a Football striker from Samoa who currently plays for ASB Premiership team YoungHeart Manawatu .
Mikhail Bestuzhev - Ryumin was born in the village Kudryoshky ( Кудрёшки ) of Gorbatov uyezd , Nizhny Novgorod Governorate ( guberniya ) on June 4 , 1801 ( according to other sources 1803 ) .
Duryodhana becomes the prince regent of Hastinapur , and owing to the age and blindness of his father , he accumulates much control and influence , managing the state affairs himself with a group of his advisers that include his uncle Shakuni , brother Dushasana and friend Karna .
Harry Eagle ( born in New York City on 1905 ; died June 21 , 1992 ) was an American physician and pathologist .
Dawid Woliński ( born 1977 in Włocławek - Poland ) is a Polish fashion designer .
Victor Boucquet or Vigor Boucquet , a Flemish painter , was born at Veurne in 1619 .
Lee Jenkins ( born 28 June 1979 in Pontypool ) is a Welsh professional footballer who most recently played Welsh Premier League side Carmarthen Town .
Ferruccio Diena ( born in Turin ) was an Italian professional football player .
Leonardo Koutris ( Greek : Λεονάρντο Κούτρης ) , born 23 July 1995 in Rhodes , is a Greek - Brazilian professional footballer , who currently plays for Greek Superleague club PAS Giannina .
Louis de Funès was born on 31 July 1914 in Courbevoie , Hauts - de - Seine to parents from Seville , Spain .
Abu Nidal was born in May 1937 in Jaffa , on the Mediterranean coast of what was then the British Mandate of Palestine .
Fu Bin ( Chinese : 符宾 ; Chinese : 符賓 ; pinyin : Fú Bīn ; born May 6 , 1969 in Beijing ) is a Chinese football goalkeeping coach and a former international football player .
Valentini Daskaloudi , ( Greek : Βαλεντίνη Δασκαλούδη ) born 1979 in Athens , is a Greek fashion model .
Rufus Stokes ( September 3 , 1922 - June 22 , 1986 ) , an African American inventor , was born in Phenix City , Alabama .
Ian Daglish was born in Redhill , Surrey in 1952 and lived briefly in the United States from the age of eight .
Hannah Whelan was born on 1 July 1992 in Singapore to Mike and Karen Whelan where she lived until she was two years old .
Oswald Mathias Ungers was born in Kaisersesch in the Eifel region .
Born in Bologna , after attending the high school together with Pier Paolo Pasolini , Daniele Vargas enrolled the Faculty of Medicine of the Bologna University .
Markus Stenz ( born 28 February 1965 , Bad Neuenahr - Ahrweiler , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a German conductor .
Raj Kundra 's father was a Punjabi who migrated from Ludhiana and became a bus conductor in London before running a small business .
Christine Charlotte of Solms - Braunfels ( 10 November 1690 in Greifenstein -- 16 October 1771 in Homburg ) was a Countess of Solms - Braunfels by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse - Homburg .
Rodrigue César ( born 14 April 1988 in Ducos ) is a French - martinique footballer , who currently plays for Avenir Sportif Béziers .
Tiziano Siviero ( born 28 October 1957 in Bassano del Grappa , Veneto ) is an Italian rally co - driver .
Born in São Paulo , Jô played for Brazilian side Corinthians during the years of 2003 - -2005 .
Allen Zadoff was born in Boston , Massachusetts and went on to live in upstate New York , Manhattan , Tokyo , and Los Angeles .
Leonardus Achates de Basilea , born Leonhard Agtstein in Basel , was a compositor who worked from 1472 to 1491 .
Dennis Satin was born in the Bulgarian capital , Sofia , and grew up in Kassel , Hessen .
Watson was born in Jackson , Georgia , the son of Caroline ( née Smith ) and Larkin Douglass Watson , Jr. , a teacher .
Bernd Buchheister ( born on 21 September 1962 in Braunschweig ) is a retired German football player .
The date and place of Nikitaras ' birth are disputed , but he is thought to have been born either in the village of Nedoussa ( Νέδουσα ) in the Peloponnesian province of Messenia or in Leontari in Arcadia circa 1784 .
Hu Mingfei ( Chinese : 胡鸣飞 ; pinyin : Hú Míngfēi ; born 24 February 1993 in Zhenjiang ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin in the Chinese Super League .
Giuseppe Schirò Di Maggio ( Arbërisht Zef Skiro Di Maxhio ) , born in 1944 , is an Arbëreshë poet and dramatist of Piana degli Albanesi in Sicily .
Chuck Allie Gepaya ( born at June 2 , 1988 in Making , Parang , Maguindanao ) is a Filipino actor and current PR Specialist of TV5 .
Jean Marc Ndjofang ( born 15 March 1976 in Ebolowa ) is a Cameroonian draughts player , resident since 2002 in the Netherlands . He was African champion in 2000 and 2010 .
Ingrid Rüütel was born in Tallinn as a daughter of communist politician Neeme Ruus and his wife actress Linda Karin Ruus ( née Aruküll ) .
Emmanuel Agyemang - Badu ( born 2 December 1990 in Berekum ) , known mononymously as Badu ( /bɑːˈduː/ bah - DOO ) , is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays for Serie A club Udinese .
Robert Lehmann ( born 9 January 1984 in Erfurt ) is a German long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Alejandro Agustín Domenez ( born 25 February 1987 in Tandil ) is an Argentine football Midfielder currently playing for Gimnasia y Esgrima .
Karl Llewellyn was born on May 22 , 1893 , in Seattle , but grew up in Brooklyn .
Henri - Julien Dumont ( 1859 , Beauvais , Oise - 1921 ) was a French impressionist painter .
Sherod Hunter was born on March 5 , 1834 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , but was orphaned in 1840 and raised by various relatives .
John de Borman ( born 1954 in Paris ) is a French born British cinematographer .
Bruce Barth , born September 7 , 1958 in Pasadena , California , is a jazz pianist .
Alfonso Di Guida ( Naples , 1 May 1954 ) is an Italian former spinter ( 400 m ) .
Francis Wayland ( March 11 , 1796 -- September 30 , 1865 ) , American Baptist educator and economist , was born in New York City , New York .
Shi Jianqiao was born in Tongcheng City , Anhui Province , in the small village of Shazigang .
Conrad Voss Bark was born in 1913 to a family of Quakers in the Cottingham , East Riding of Yorkshire .
Sara Bertoli ( born May 5 , 1979 in Rome ) is an Italian modern pentathlete .
Scipione Cobelluzzi was born in Viterbo into a well - off family : according to the Jesuit Angelo Galluzzi , who gave his funeral oration , his father , a pharmacist , became conservatore ( magistrate ) of Viterbo on the same day that Scipione was born .
James Kottak ( born December 26 , 1962 , Louisville , Kentucky ) is an American drummer for the German hard rock band Scorpions , which he joined in 1996 .
Renārs Kaupers , artistic name Reynard Cowper ( born 1 September 1974 in Jelgava ) is a Latvian pop singer and songwriter .
Elena Leonova ( Russian : Елена Леонова , born 21 July 1973 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a former Soviet pair skater .
Dato ' Mokhtar Dahari ( 13 November 1953 -- 11 July 1991 ) was a Malaysian Association football player from Setapak , Selangor ( during that time ) .
Júlio César Valduga Camargo , popularly known as Julinho Camargo , ( born 12 January 1971 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian professional association football manager .
John Thomas Idlet was born in Baltimore in 1930 , the son of a teacher and First world war veteran who claimed to have invented the `` double header '' ice - cream cone .
Thomas Townsend Brown was born into a wealthy construction family in Zanesville , Ohio in 1905 .
Charis Pavlidis ( Greek : Χάρης Παυλίδης , born 25 January 1971 in Thessaloniki ) is a retired Greek water polo player and the current coach of Olympiacos Women 's Water Polo Team , since 2007 .
Andriy Chornovil is a deputy of Lviv regional council .
Brian Mannix ( born 7 October 1961 in Melbourne ) is an Australian rock music singer and actor .
Turpino Zaccagna ( active c. 1537 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , born in Florence or Cortona ( according to Lanzi ) .
The eldest son of Adolphus Ballard and Frances Ann née Stafford he was born in Chichester , Sussex , educated in Hastings , Sussex and articled as a solicitor in Chipping Norton , Oxfordshire before moving to take up the position of Town Clerk for Woodstock , Oxfordshire .
A native of Kandava , a small town in Latvian region of Courland , Žanis Ansons was born into a farming family .
Américo Alberto de Barros e Assis Boavida ( November 20 , 1923 in Luanda -- September 25 , 1968 ) , generally known as Dr. Américo Boavida , was an Angolan physician active in his country 's nationalist movement .
Timothy James Webb , as a musician also known as Tim J. Webb ( born Warburton , Victoria , 13 February 1967 ) , is an Australian painter and sculptor , who has been living in Munich , Germany , since 2000 .
Michal Hašek ( born 17 April 1976 , in Brno , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech politician and the current Governor of South Moravia .
Kōtarō Nishiyama ( 西山 宏太朗 Nishiyama Kōtarō , born October 11 , 1991 ) is a Japanese voice actor from Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan .
Katalin Rodriguez - Ogren ( maiden name Katalin Rodriguez Zamiar , best known as Katalin Zamiar ) ( born August 12 , 1971 in Chicago ) is a Cuban American martial artist , sportswriter , and martial arts actress .
This was the single worst Ottoman defeat of World War I. On his return to Constantinople , Enver Pasha blamed his failure on his Armenian soldiers , although in January 1915 , an Armenian named Hovannes had saved his life during a battle by carrying Enver through battle lines on his back .
Saint Comgall was born sometime between 510 and 520 , according to the Irish annals , in Dál nAraidi ( Dalaradia ) in Ulster , near the place now known as Magheramorne in present - day County Antrim .
Daniel Bozhkov ( Bulgarian : Даниел Ангелов Божков ; born 27 April 1983 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian versatile defensive footballer who currently plays for Eurocollege .
Philip Ferns ( born November 14 , 1937 , in Liverpool , England ) is an English footballer who played as a left back in the Football League .
Erikson Llanes ( born September 5 , 1994 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Juárez of Ascenso MX on loan from Monterrey .
Matthew Glaetzer ( born 24 August 1992 ) is an Australian track cyclist from the Adelaide suburb of Paradise .
Born in Chicago , Illinois into a White Anglo - Saxon Protestant family of considerable wealth , Mary Jayne Gold was educated at the Master 's School at Dobbs Ferry , New York and a finishing school in Italy .
Thomas Drain ( born 1880 in Pollokshaws , Scotland ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Woolwich Arsenal , Bradford City and Leeds City .
Dave Simons grew up in New York City and always wanted to be a comic book artist .
Curtis Kulig is an American artist , photographer , and illustrator who lives and works New York City .
Alicia Warrington ( born August 30 , 1980 in Saginaw , Michigan ) is an American freelance drummer .
Jan Czeczot was born on 24 July 1796 in a noble family that was part of the Clan of Ostoja family of Tadeusz Czeczot in Małuszyce ( Malušyčy , now in Hrodna Voblast ) near Navahrudak .
Alex Geana ( Born 1979 , Bucharest Romania ) is an American / Romanian photographer and writer best known for his works on contemporary fashion culture .
Mehdi Niyayesh Pour born 25 January 1992 ) , is an Iranian footballer , currently playing in Esteghlal Ahvaz .
Fábio Leopoldo Silva ( born April 17 , 1977 in São Paulo ) is a former Brazilian mixed martial artist and is currently an active Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu practitioner and a world - renowned instructor .
Dimitar Telkiyski ( Bulgarian : Димитър Телкийски ; born 5 May 1977 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian former footballer .
Jennifer Dundas ( born January 14 , 1971 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American actress best known for her role as Chris Paradis , Diane Keaton 's lesbian daughter , in The First Wives Club .
Tim Velten ( born September 1 , 1983 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American soccer player , last playing for AC St. Louis in the USSF Division 2 Professional League .
Than Shwe was born in Minzu village , near Kyaukse , British Burma in 1933 or 1935 .
Jimmy Hannah ( born c. 1868 in Glasgow ; died 1917 in Sunderland ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scottish national football team as a winger .
In 1976 , Valeria Sannucci graduated in economics from Rome 's La Sapienza University and later obtained an economics Master of Arts from Columbia University in New York City .
Riccardo Bonetto ( born 20 March 1979 in Asolo , Treviso ) is an Italian football of Bassano Virtus .
Diogo Augusto Pacheco da Fontoura , nickname Diogo Rincón or just Rincón ( Ukrainian : Діого Рінкон ; born on 18 April 1980 in Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a professional Brazilian football player , who currently playing for Canoas .
Yolanda Andrade ( born 28 December 1970 ) is a Mexican celebrity born in Culiacán , Sinaloa .
Heidi Hollinger ( born 1968 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a political photographer and documentary presenter .
Alexander Shakalov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Васильович Шакалов ; born 26 March 1982 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian ice dancer .
Saša Gedeon ( born August 29 , 1970 in Prague ) is a Czech director .
Francesco Zizola was born in Rome and studied Anthropology .
Mary Calvi ( born June 11 , 1969 ) is an American television journalist and First Lady of the City of Yonkers , N.Y. She is the co - anchor of `` CBS2 This Morning '' and `` CBS2 At Noon '' at WCBS - TV in New York City , and the recipient of 7 Emmy Awards .
Orlando Contreras Collantes ( born 11 June 1982 in Pucallpa , Lima ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a center back for Deportivo Municipal in the Peruvian First Division .
Barry Markus ( born 17 July 1991 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist with UCI ProTeam Team LottoNL - Jumbo .
Omri Afek ( Hebrew : עמרי אפק‎ ; born 31 March 1979 in Kiryat Ono ) is a retired Israeli footballer who last played for Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv .
Sir Gore Ouseley was born in Limerick in Ireland to Ralph and Elizabeth ( born Holland ) Ouseley .
Feras Esmaeel ( Arabic : فراس إسماعيل‎ ) ( born 3 January 1983 in Damascus , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Sven Thomas Hanzon ( born 20 June 1962 ) is a Swedish actor and stage actor at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm and former footballer .
Sandra Bookman ( born October 8 , 1959 in Beaumont , Texas ) is an American television news reporter and weekend anchor .
Subedar Joginder Singh Sahnan , PVC ( 26 September 1921 -- 23 October 1962 ) , a Saini Sikh , born in Moga , Punjab ( British India ) , was a Subedar in the Indian Army who was awarded the distinguished Param Vir Chakra , the highest war - time gallantry award of the Indian Army .
Anthony Page ( 21 September 1935 in Bangalore , Karnataka , India ) is a British stage and film director .
Thomas Merton was born in Prades , Pyrénées - Orientales , France , on January 31 , 1915 , to Owen Merton , a New Zealand painter active in Europe and the United States , and Ruth Jenkins , an American Quaker and artist .
Heike Hennig had her first dance lessons at the age of 5 years in Leipzig .
Jean - Camille Formigé was born in 1845 in Le Bouscat , in the Gironde department of France .
Saša Branežac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Caшa Бpaнeжaц , born December 23 , 1976 in Osijek ) is a Croatia born Serbian footballer currently playing back in Serbia with FK Kovačevac .
José Ignacio Warnes y García de Zúñiga ( Buenos Aires , 1772 -- El Parí , 1816 ) was an Argentine soldier who fought in the Argentine War of Independence .
Julie Speidel ( b. Seattle , 1941 ) is a sculptor from Seattle , Washington .
Fábio Gomes ( born February 6 , 1981 in Rio Claro ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Nil Izvorov was born in Ruse in August 1823 under the name Nikola Dimitrov .
Dmytro Bulatov ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Сергійович Булатов ; August 13 , 1978 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian civic activist who was Minister of Youth and Sports in the 2014 Yatsenyuk Government .
Jeannie Ortega was born in Bushwick , Brooklyn , New York and is of Puerto Rican descent .
Paris Nogari ( c. 1536 - -1601 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , a minor pupil of Cesare Nebbia active mainly in Rome .
Dale Mulholland ( born August 16 , 1964 in Tacoma , Washington ) grew up in Manitou , South Tacoma and is a former US professional soccer player ( FIFA registered ) who has had a gypsical career in soccer taking him all over the world starting back in 1985 with TSV Reichenbach 05 of West Germany .
Born in Jefferson City , Missouri , Jack Kilby grew up and attended school in Great Bend , Kansas , graduating from Great Bend High School .
Sir John Macpherson , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1745 -- 12 January 1821 ) , from Sleat , Isle of Skye , Scotland , was a Scottish administrator in India .
Johannes Phocylides Holwarda ( Jan Fokkesz , Jan Fokker , Johann Holwarda , Johannes Fokkes Holwarda , Jan Fokkens Holwarda , Jan Fokkes van Holwerd ) ( February 19 , 1618 - -January 22 , 1651 ) was a Frisian astronomer , physician , and philosopher .
Tang Yaodong ( Chinese : 唐尧东 ) ( born 17 February 1962 in Shenyang , China ) , is a former Chinese international footballer .
Anis Ananenka ( Belarusian : Аніс Ананенка ; born 29 November 1985 in Zhlobin ) is a Belarusian middle - distance runner .
Anna Maria Guarnieri ( born 20 August 1933 , Milan ) is an Italian actress , notable for her work in theatre and film and as a voice actor , particularly during the 1960s .
Martien Vreijsen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɑr.tin ˈvrɛi̯.sə(n ) ) ) ( born 15 November 1955 in Breda ) is a retired Dutch footballer .
Paula Gorycka ( born 5 November 1990 in Kraków ) is a Polish cross - country mountain biker .
Sergio Ariel Páez ( born 30 March 1981 , in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer , who currently playing for Aias Salamina F.C. of Greece .
Thu Maung died in Yangon on 16 May 2010 at the Thukha Gaba private clinic of liver disease .
Victor Jacobus Hermans ( born 17 March 1953 in Maastricht ) is a Dutch futsal coach who has managed 6 different national teams and guided 3 teams to the world cup , Victor Hermans had only two unsuccessful campaign with national teams for the world cup .
Philip Thicknesse was born in Staffordshire , England , son of John Thicknesse , the Rector of Farthinghoe , Northamptonshire and Joyce ( née Blencowe ) Thicknesse and brought up in Farthinghoe .
Adel Messali ( Arabic : عادل مصالي‎ ; born July 31 , 1983 in Sétif ) is an Algerian footballer .
Anna Mirtova ( born July 14 , 1992 in Tomsk ) is a Russian freestyle skier , specializing in slopestyle .
Jonathan Adler ( born 1966 in New Jersey , United States ) is a potter , designer , and author .
António Guterres was born and raised in Portugal 's capital , Lisbon , son of Virgílio Dias Guterres ( São José , Lisbon , 21 October 1913 -- Lisbon , 10 February 2009 ) and wife Ilda Cândida de Oliveira ( b. Fundão , Donas , 12 February 1923 ) .
Francis Campaner ( Saint - Germain - de - la - Rivière , 1 February 1946 ) is a French former professional road bicycle racer .
A native of San Mateo , California , Michael Trucco attended Junipero Serra High School .
Marjorie Kane ( April 28 , 1909 -- January 8 , 1992 ) was an American film and stage actress born in Chicago , Illinois .
Ahmad Ahmadi ( Persian : احمد احمدی‎‎ ; 1885 - -1944 ) , known as Pezeshk Ahmadi meaning Doctor Ahmadi , was born in Mashhad to Mohammad Ali Ahmadi .
Allen Tupper True , born May 30 , 1881 in Colorado Springs , Colorado , was the son of Margaret Allen and Henry Alfonso True , both of New England parentage .
Johannes Theodor Reinhardt ( 3 December 1816 , in Copenhagen -- 23 October 1882 , in Frederiksberg ) was a Danish zoologist and herpetologist .
Nemanja Jovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heмaњa Joвaнoвић , born on 3 March 1984 in Negotin ) is a Serbian footballer playing for Spartak Semey in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Kamal Guliyev ( Azerbaijani : Kamal Quliyev ; born 14 November 1976 , Sumqayit ) is a retired Azerbaijani international footballer , is a currently manager of Neftchala .
Ni Zan was born into a wealthy family in Wuxi .
About 1490 , Francis Bryan was born in Cheydinhall , Buckinghamshire , England .
Mohsen Yeganeh ( Persian : محسن یگانه‎‎ ; born May 13 , 1985 in Gonbad - e Qabus ) is a popular Iranian vocalist , singer and songwriter and musician , composer , and arranger .
Jean - Christophe Le Saoût ( born 19 July 1975 in Vernon , Eure ) , better known by the stage name Wax Tailor , is a French trip hop / hip hop producer .
Carlos Roberto de Lima or simply Carlos Roberto ( born 28 January 1980 in Londrina ) is a former Brazilian football player .
Donald Harrison , Jr. ( born June 23 , 1960 ) is an American jazz saxophonist from New Orleans , Louisiana .
Charlton Rafaela ( born 23 July 1977 in Willemstad ) is an Antillean sprinter , who specializes in the 100 metres .
Florin Cernat started his professional career at Oțelul Galați .
Hans von Raumer was born on 10 January 1870 in Dessau as the son of Friedrich von Raumer ( 1831 - 1911 ) , a major in the Prussian Army and his wife Marie ( née von Studnitz , 1843 - 1928 ) .
Rafael Samurgashev ( Armenian : Ռաֆաէլ Սամուրգաշև , born July 28 , 1963 in Rostov - on - Don , Russian SFSR ) is an Armenian retired former World champion and European champion Greco - Roman wrestler .
George Thorn ( junior ) was born in Sydney , New South Wales , a son of George Thorn ( senior ) and his wife Jane ( née Handcock ) .
Tom Harrell was born in Urbana , Illinois , but moved to the San Francisco Bay Area at the age of five .
Erin O'Donnell ( born Erin McDonald , March 11 , 1971 in Severn , Maryland ) is an American Contemporary Christian music singer .
Franz Overbeck was born in Saint Petersburg as a German citizen to Franz Heinrich Herrmann Overbeck , a German - British merchant , and his wife , Jeanne Camille Cerclet , who was born in Saint Petersburg to a French family .
Apollos ' origin in Alexandria has led to speculations that he would have preached in the allegorical style of Philo .
Muhammad Shukor Adan ( born 24 September 1979 in Malacca ) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently playing for Felda United F.C. and also serves as their captain .
Jeff Broadstreet ( born November 7 , 1960 , in Greencastle , Indiana ) is an American film director .
Alyy Khan ( or Aly Khan , Urdu : علی خان‎ ) ( born December 6 , 1968 , Karachi ) is a Pakistani - British actor and host who has worked in Hollywood , Bollywood and Lollywood .
Zsolt Gyulay ( born September 12 , 1964 in Vác ) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s .
Tim DuBois ( born May 4 , 1948 , in Southwest City , Missouri ) is a Nashville , Tennessee - based music executive .
Gabriel Rosati ( born August 4 , 1966 in Modena , Italy ) is an Italian - born musician .
Adolph Lewisohn ( May 27 , 1849 -- August 17 , 1938 ) was a German Jewish immigrant born in Hamburg who became a New York City investment banker , mining magnate , and philanthropist .
Gualdim Pais was born in Amares ( a town in the province of Minho , near Braga ) in 1118 , son of Paio Ramires and Gontrode Soares .
Liu Kai - chi ( Chinese : 廖啟智 ) is a Hong Kong actor , best known for his `` everyman '' supporting roles .
Ahad Hosseini ( Azerbaijani : Əhəd Hüseyni/احد حوسئيني ; Persian احد حسيني ; born 14 August 1944 in Tabriz ) is an Iranian Azerbaijani sculptor and painter .
Riad Al Solh also written Riad el Solh and Riad Solh was born in Sidon in 1894 .
Daan Blij ( born 25 September 1993 , in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Excelsior Maassluis in the Dutch Topklasse .
Baron Friedrich August Marschall von Bieberstein ( 30 July 1768 , Stuttgart - 28 June 1826 , Merefa ) was an early explorer of the flora and archaeology of the southern portion of Imperial Russia , including the Caucasus and Novorossiya .
Caroline Paul ( born July 29 , 1963 in New York City ) is an American writer of fiction and non - fiction .
Henny Vrienten ( born July 27 , 1948 in Hilvarenbeek ) is a Dutch composer of TV- and film - scores .
Mohammad Firouzi ( Born 1958 Tehran ) is a prolific Iranian musician , whose primary instrument is the barbat .
Audra Mae is an American singer and songwriter from Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , born on February 20 , 1984 .
Marko Kristian `` Markoolio '' Lehtosalo ( born 1 January 1975 in Lahti , Finland ) is a Swedish - Finnish multi - platinum selling recording artist , singer , musician , songwriter , actor , and comedian .
Born in Wangaratta , Victoria , Clare Stevenson was the fifth of six children .
Philip Astley was born in Newcastle - under - Lyme in England the son of a cabinetmaker .
Thomas Penn was born in Bristol , England after his father returned there in 1701 because of financial difficulties .
Walter Seebach was born on 5 November 1918 , in Heerlen Netherlands , but both his parents were German .
Giovanni Inzerillo ( born in Brooklyn , New York , April 30 , 1972 ) , is a construction entrepreneur and son of Salvatore Inzerillo , a notorious Sicilian Mafia boss who was killed in May 1981 on the orders of Mafia boss Salvatore `` Totò '' Riina during the Second Mafia War .
Barry Close was born at Elm Park in Armagh , the third son of Maxwell Close and his wife Mary .
Born in Belém , Pará , Wellington Saci started his career at Ananindeua , signed a 1-year contract .
Sanna - June Hyde born Colchester , England , is a Finnish - English actress at Helsingin kaupungin teatteri , Helsinki City Theatre .
Luke Webb ( born 12 September 1986 in Nottingham ) is an English footballer who most recently played for Hereford United as a midfielder .
Carmen Consoli ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkarmen ˈkɔnsoli ) ; born September 4 , 1974 in Catania ) is an Italian singer - songwriter .
Martin Hellberg was born in 1905 in Dresden as a son of a pastor .
Marianne Pitzen ( born 29 May 1948 ) , GER , is a German artist born in Stuttgart .
Hamilton Lee ( born 7 September 1958 in London ) , also known by variations on Hamid Mantu , is an English musician and composer .
Robertas Fridrikas ( born 8 April 1967 in Kaunas ) is a retired Lithuanian football forward , who last played for WAF Procar in Austria during his professional career .
Wong Yiu Fu ( Chinese : 黃耀富 ; Jyutping : wong4 jiu6 fu3 , born 6 August 1981 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong football player who last played for Rangers ( HKG ) , normally as a Left - back .
Born on 12 June 1884 at Ingatestone , Essex , Petre ( pronounced `` Peter '' ) was the son of Sebastian Henry Petre and his wife Catharine .
Nicolas Savinaud ( born November 20 , 1975 in Fontenay - le - Comte , Vendée ) is a retired French footballer who spent most of his career at FC Nantes .
Philippe Samyn ( born 1 September 1948 in Ghent ) is a Belgian architect and civil engineer whose style is characterized by extensive use of glass , wood and steel to build structures that are often monumental .
Robert Clive was born at Styche , the Clive family estate , near Market Drayton in Shropshire , on 29 September 1725 to Richard Clive and Rebecca Gaskell Clive .
Giovanni Francesco Bembo was an Italian Renaissance painter from Cremona , mainly active from 1515 - 1543 .
Thomas Dausgaard ( Danish : ( tˢʌmas ˈd̥ɑʊ̯ˀsɡ̊ɒːˀ ) ; born 4 July 1963 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish conductor .
Tamar Getter ( Hebrew : תמר גטר‎ , born in Tel Aviv , 1953 ) is one of the prominent artists of the Israeli avant - garde and fine arts teachers .
Augusto Bissiri ( 1879 - -1968 ) was an Italian inventor born in Seui , Sardinia in 1879 .
Walter Bingley ( born 17 April 1930 ) is an English former footballer born in Sheffield who played in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers , Sheffield Wednesday , Swindon Town , York City and Halifax Town .
Leanita McClain ( 1951 - -1984 ) was an American journalist and commentator , best known for her observations of race and politics in Chicago and the U.S. in the early 1980s .
Sophie Jodoin ( born , 1965 ) is a Montreal - based visual artist . She received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1988 in Visual Arts from Concordia University in Montreal .
Tomáš Petráček ( born 1972 in Hořice v Podkrkonoší ) is a Czech public intellectual , Roman Catholic priest , and scholar .
Václav Nedomanský ( born March 14 , 1944 in Hodonín , Bohemia and Moravia , Nazi Germany ( now Czech Republic ) is a former hockey forward . Nedomanský is best known as the first hockey player to defect to North America to play .
In 1828 , Sequoyah journeyed to Washington , D.C. , as part of a delegation to negotiate a treaty for land in the planned Indian Territory .
Paula Fernandes de Souza ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈpawlɐ feʁˈnɐ̃dʒis ) ; born August 28 , 1984 in Sete Lagoas , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian singer , songwriter and arranger .
Viviane Araújo dos Santos ( March 25 , 1975 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian photographic model , actress and reality television personality .
Mandell Creighton was born on 5 July 1843 in the border country city of Carlisle , Cumberland ( now in Cumbria ) to Sarah ( née Mandell ) and Robert Creighton .
Nancy Hower ( born May 11 , 1966 in Wyckoff , New Jersey ) is an American actress , director , screenwriter and producer .
Selma Elloumi Rekik , born June 5 , 1956 in Tunis .
Mitch Cooper ( born 18 September 1994 in Vanuatu ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays for Newcastle Jets in the A - League .
Tonya M. Lumpkin ( born Tonya M. Johnston ; July 17 , 1973 ) is an American rapper from Kansas City , Missouri , better known by her stage name , Solé .
Antonio Florio ( born 1956 , Bari ) is an Italian conductor , musicologist and composer .
Victor Huen ( 2 March 1874 , Colmar - 15 December 1939 ) was a painter , lithographer and illustrator , specializing in military subjects and uniform illustrations .
Artimus Lamont Bentley was born in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and moved to Los Angeles with his mother , Loyce , who wished to pursue a career as a professional singer .
Jona Lewie ( born John Lewis , 14 March 1947 in Southampton , England ) is an English singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist , best known for his 1980 UK hits `` You 'll Always Find Me in the Kitchen at Parties '' and `` Stop the Cavalry '' .
Philip Absolon was born in Erith , Kent , and is the great - great - grandson of the Victorian watercolourist John Absolon ( 1815 - -1895 ) .
Dennis Alexio was born and raised in Vacaville , California and was a standout athlete in his youth , excelling in American football , baseball and basketball .
Thomas Pletzinger ( born 1975 in Münster ) is a German writer and translator .
Krzysztof Ratajczyk ( born 9 November 1973 in Poznań ) is a Polish football defender who currently plays at Austrian lower league side FAC Team für Wien .
Adriana Dadci ( born April 9 , 1979 in Gdynia ) is a Polish judoka , who competed in the women 's middleweight category .
Sandrine Aubert ( born October 6 , 1982 in Échirolles , Isère ) is a retired French alpine skier and a slalom specialist .
Lajos Bebrits was born December 14 , 1891 in Teregova village in western Romania , then part of the Austria - Hungary .
Zdeněk Lenhart ( born 1948 ib Brno ) is an orienteering competitor who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Sfia Bouarfa ( Arabic : صفية بوعرفة‎ ) ( born 14 October 1950 in Jerada , Morocco ) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS . Since 1995 she is a Member of the Parliament of the Brussels - Capital Region and a Member of the Parliament of the French Community .
Katarzyna Adamik , also known as Kasia Adamik ( born on 28 December 1972 in Warsaw ) is a Polish film director , visual arts artist and storyboard artist .
Ademar de Rocaficha ( circa 1200 ? ) was a troubadour , probably from Roquefixade in the County of Foix .
André Candançam Pinto ( born 14 December 1978 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker .
Charlie Paynter ( 28 July 1879 in Swindon -- 1 December 1971 ) was the manager of West Ham United from 1932 - 1950 .
Bjørn Tidmand ( born 24 January 1940 , Copenhagen ) is a Danish singer , best known for his participation in the 1964 Eurovision Song Contest .
Curtis Donnell Davis ( August 7 , 1968 -- June 15 , 2002 ) , better known by his stage name Big Mello , was an American rapper from Houston , Texas .
Wharton Barker ( May 1 , 1846 -- April 9 , 1921 ) was an American financier and publicist , born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Samvel Melkonyan ( Armenian : Սամվել Մելքոնյան , born on 15 March 1984 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian football player , who currently is playing for Armenian Premier League side Mika .
Jacob Hespeler ( 1810 in Ehningen , Württemberg -- March 22 , 1881 in Hespeler , Ontario , Canada ) was a prominent businessman in Canada West and the founder of the town of Hespeler ( since 1973 a part of Cambridge , Ontario ) .
Narada Michael Walden ( /ˈnɑːrᵊdə/ NAH - rə - də ; born Michael Walden , April 23 , 1952 , Kalamazoo , Michigan , United States ) is an American producer , drummer , singer , and songwriter .
Due to family problems , Alvin and Calvin Harrison lived on their own since their junior year in high school , floating back and forth between Orlando , Florida , and Salinas , California .
Jevgeni Novikov ( Russian : Евгений Александрович Новиков ; born 28 June 1980 in Narva ) is an Estonian professional and International footballer .
Jürgen Graf ( born August 15 , 1951 in Basel ) is a Swiss author , former teacher and Holocaust denier .
From 1998 to 2004 , Sebastian Gemkow studied legal science at the University of Leipzig , the University of Hamburg und the Humboldt University of Berlin .
Francis Guthrie ( b. 22 January 1831 in London ; d. 19 October 1899 in Claremont , Cape Town ) was a South African mathematician and botanist who first posed the Four Colour Problem in 1852 .
Wolfgang Linger ( born 4 November 1982 in Hall in Tirol ) is an Austrian retired luger who has competed internationally since 2000 .
Vincent Glinsky was born in Russia on December 18 , 1895 and emigrated to America just before World War I , settling in Syracuse , NY , with his family .
Tony Daniels ( born January 23 , 1963 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian voice actor well known for providing the voices of Uncle Floppyin JoJo 's Circus and Wiseman in the Sailor Moon metaseries , but probably most well known for providing the voice of Gambit in X - Men :
Perdigon or Perdigo ( fl . 1190 - -1220 ) was a troubadour from Lespéron in the Gabales , diocese of Gévaudan , modern Lozère .
Linda Bank ( born January 24 , 1986 in Haarlem ) is a Dutch Olympic swimmer .
Marcel Loncle ( born 5 January 1936 in Saint - Malo ) is a retired French football player who played for Angers SCO and Rennes , as well as the French national side .
Peter Alexander Makkay ( born 30 August 1949 in Brașov ) , better known as Peter Maffay , is a German musician .
John Garland Pollard was born on August 4 , 1871 in King and Queen County , Virginia .
The son of an unsuccessful businessman and farmer , Jean Jaurès was born in Castres ( Tarn ) , in a modest French provincial bourgeois family .
Cayetano Ré Ramírez ( 7 February 1938 -- 26 November 2013 ) was a Paraguayan footballer striker and coach who was born in Asunción .
Reed Scowen ( born June 13 , 1931 in Sherbrooke , Quebec ) is a Canadian business executive , author and politician born and living in the province of Quebec .
George Chaharbakhshi ( Syriac : ܓܘܪܓ ܟܗܪܒܟܫܝ , Persian : جرج چهاربخشی‎‎ , born 1952 in Tehran ) is an Assyrian Iranian singer active in the United States .
Gregory Mahau ( born 9 May 1994 ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Coxyde in the Belgian Second Division , on loan from K.V. Kortrijk .
Sal Solo ( born Christopher Scott Stevens , 5 September 1961 , Hatfield , Hertfordshire , England ) is an English singer .
Born in Chicago , Illinois , Chip E. attended St. Ignatius College Prep , Kenwood Academy , Columbia College and DePaul University .
Pierre André Pourret was a clergyman , but started his botanical career earlier , working in the regions around his hometown , Narbonne .
Capt . Christopher Levett ( 1586 -- 1630 ) was an English writer , explorer and naval captain , born at York , England .
Gerda Stevenson ( born 10 April 1956 in Peeblesshire , Scotland ) is an award - winning Scottish actress , director and writer , described by The Scotsman in 1999 as `` Scotland 's finest actress '' .
Martin Brauß ( born 1958 in Mannheim ) is a German pianist , conductor and music theorist and university professor at the Hochschule für Musik , Theater und Medien Hannover .
Edward Tuckerman ( Boston , Massachusetts , December 7 , 1817 - March 15 , 1886 ) was an American botanist and professor who made significant contributions to the study of lichens and other alpine plants .
Hussain Salman Makki ( Arabic : حسين سلمان مكي‎ ; born 20 December 1982 ) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al - Riffa of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team .
Şefik Aker ( 1877 ; Kesriye ( Kastoria ) -- 6 February 1964 ; Istanbul ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army .
Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh was born in Dún Síon just outside Dingle , County Kerry in 1929 .
Joe Hamill ( born 25 February 1984 in Bellshill ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Scottish Junior club Bonnyrigg Rose .
Vladimir Romanovsky ( June 21 , 1957 in Slonim , Belarusian SSR -- May 13 , 2013 ) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Panagiotis Deligiannidis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Δεληγιαννίδης , born 29 August 1996 in Thessaloniki ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as a winger .
Jean Le Cam ( Quimper , Finistère , 27 April 1959 ) is a French sailor .
Giovanni Fidanza ( Bergamo he grow up in the bourgh of Valverde , 27 September 1965 ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Kemal Türkler ( 1926 Denizli -- 22 July 1980 İstanbul ) was a Turkish socialist trade union leader .
Randy Cain ( May 2 , 1945 -- April 9 , 2009 ) was a Philadelphia soul singer with The Delfonics ( early 1960s to 1971 ) .
Saşa Yunisoğlu or Sasha Yunisoglu ( born on 18 December 1985 in Mykolaiv , now Ukraine ) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays for Ravan Baku .
Delaney Williams ( born December 12 , 1962 ) is an American actor from Washington , D.C. He appeared on the HBO drama The Wire ( 2002 - 2008 ) as a recurring guest star playing homicide sergeant Jay Landsman .
Paul Auster was born in Newark , New Jersey , to Jewish middle class parents of Polish descent , Queenie ( née Bogat ) and Samuel Auster .
Ksenija Balta ( born November 1 , 1986 in Minsk , Belarus ) is an Estonian long jumper , sprinter and heptathlete .
Fabio Felline ( born 29 March 1990 in Turin ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Trek Factory Racing .
Valerie Van Ost ( born 25 July 1944 , Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire , England ) is an English actress .
Lenka Vlasáková ( born 27 April 1972 in Prague ) is a Czech actress .
James Marwick ( b. 1862 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) was an original founder of an accounting office that became one of the Big Four auditors , KPMG .
Francisco Díaz - Silveira Tamargo ( Havana , 13 August 1936 ) , known as Frank Diaz - Silveira , is a Cuban - American lawyer and politician , known as an anti - Castro Cuban militant .
Ted Jelly ( born 28 August 1921 ) was a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City and Plymouth Argyle .
Edgardo Bauza ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eðˈɣarðo ˈβausa ) ; born January 26 , 1958 in Granadero Baigorria , Rosario , Santa Fe ) is an Argentine former footballer .
On September 18 in 1861 , a woman by the name of Ella Cora Hind was born in Toronto .
Jayde Adams ( born Jayde Pricilla Gail Adams , 26 November 1984 ) is a British comedian from Bristol .
Kevin O'Higgins was born in Stradbally , County Laois , one of sixteen children of Dr. Thomas Higgins and Anne Sullivan , daughter of the Nationalist politician Timothy Daniel Sullivan .
Carol Brewster , born Miriam Elizabeth Hechler on February 25 , 1927 in Los Angeles , California , is a former American actress .
Run Run Shaw was born in Ningbo , Zhejiang , Qing China , and moved to Shanghai as a child .
Pegeen Vail Guggenheim was born in Ouchy , Switzerland and spent her childhood in France and England .
Domenico Girardi ( born 2 May 1985 in Terzigno ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for the Serie D team Matera .
Francisco Adam ( August 13 , 1983 ; Lisbon -- April 16 , 2006 ; Alcochete ) was a Portuguese actor , best known for his humorous role as Dino , short for Bernardino Esteves , in the Portuguese youth telenovela Morangos com Açúcar .
He was born Carson Wayne Newton in Norfolk , Virginia , to Patrick Newton , an auto mechanic , and his wife , Evelyn Marie Plasters .
Nicholas Jonathan Anselm Williams ( born October 1942 , in Walthamstow , Essex , now London , UK ) , writing as Nicholas Williams or sometimes N.J.A. Williams , is a leading expert on the Cornish language .
Bruno Fressato Cardoso ( born 26 September 1984 in Curitiba ) , simply known as Bruno , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Corinthians Paranaense .
The Irving family settled in Manhattan , New York City , and was part of the city 's small , vibrant merchant class when Washington Irving was born on April 3 , 1783 , the same week city residents learned of the British ceasefire that ended the American Revolution ;
Born in Bankura , Bengal , India , Godfrey Brown was a highly talented runner at distances from 100 yd ( 91 m ) to the half mile .
Yeung Sum , SBS , JP ( simplified Chinese : 杨森 ; traditional Chinese : 楊森 ; pinyin : Yáng Sēn ; Jyutping : Yeung4 Sum1 ; born 22 November 1947 in Guangzhou , Guangdong with family roots in Zengcheng , Guangdong ) is a Hong Kong politician and academic .
Eileen Fulton ( born Margaret Elizabeth McLarty on September 13 , 1933 in Asheville , North Carolina ) is an American actress .
Jack de Gier ( born August 6 , 1968 in Schijndel , Noord - Brabant ) is a Dutch football manager and former player , currently manager of Almere City .
Kerri Hoskins Branson ( born February 20 , 1970 in Cambridge , Minnesota ) is a former glamour model and video game actress .
Sebastián Lelio ( Mendoza , Argentina , March 8 , 1974 ) is a Chilean film director , screenwriter , film producer and editor .
Johannes Flintrop was born in Barmen ( Wuppertal ) to devout working class parents .
Antoine de Sartine was born in Barcelona in 1729 , the son of Antoine Sartine , a French - born financier who arrived in Spain with the troops of King Philip V of Spain and served as intendente ( i.e. governor ) of Catalonia from 1726 to 1744 .
Nicola de Marco ( born August 28 , 1990 in Pordenone ) is an Italian racing driver .
Arturo Sacchetti ( Santhià , near Vercelli , January 9 , 1941 ) Italian organist , conductor and musicologist .
LeBreton Dorgenois was the eighth mayor of New Orleans , Louisiana , serving for less than a month at the end of 1812 .
Paul Bellini ( born September 12 , 1959 in Timmins , Ontario ) is a Canadian comedy writer and television actor .
Nils Frahm ( born 20 September 1982 ) is a German musician , composer , and producer based in Berlin .
Livio Nabab ( born 14 June 1988 in Les Abymes , Guadeloupe ) is a Guadeloupe professional football player who plays for Waasland - Beveren in the Belgian Pro League .
Gary Gygax was born in Chicago within a few blocks of Wrigley Field on July 27 , 1938 .
Mai Aih Naing ( born 18 October 1990 in Taungoo , Burma ) is Burmese footballer .
Maruxa Vilalta was born in Barcelona in 1932 , daughter of lawyer Antonio Vilalta y Vidal , and María Soteras Maurí .
Stelarc ( born Stelios Arcadiou in Limassol in 1946 , but legally changed his name in 1972 ) is a Cyprus - born performance artist raised in the Melbourne suburb of Sunshine , whose works focuses heavily on extending the capabilities of the human body .
Johan August Gripenstedt was born in the Duchy of Holstein , then part of the German Confederation , where his parents lived at the time .
Saint John of Tobolsk ( 1651 - -1715 ) was born as Iwan Maksymowicz in Nizhyn , in the Czernihow Voivodeship of Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Christos Charalabous ( Greek : Χρίστος Χαραλάμπους ; born October 3 , 1981 in Limassol ) is a Cypriot football player who plays for Aris Limassol .
Kimberly Ann Moore ( née Pace ; born 1968 in Halethorpe , Maryland ) is an American federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit who was confirmed on September 5 , 2006 .
Nedeljko Milosavljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Недељко Милосављевић ) ( born December 12 , 1960 in Aranđelovac ) is a retired Serbian footballer .
Edward Blackadder ( April 18 , 1874 in Wolfville , Nova Scotia -- October 22 , 1922 ) was a Nova Scotia - born politician , lecturer , physician and professor .
Xu Binshu ( simplified Chinese : 许斌姝 ; traditional Chinese : 許斌姝 ; pinyin : Xǔ Bīnshū ; born July 28 , 1988 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a Chinese figure skater .
Bernhard Letterhaus ( 10 July 1894 , Barmen -- 14 November 1944 ) was a German Catholic Trade Unionist and member of the resistance to Nazism .
Andriy Klyuyev graduated from the Mining College of the Donetsk Politech Institute as a mining automation and mechanization engineer .
Frank Fahrenhorst ( born 24 September 1977 in Kamen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a retired German footballer and currently manager of FC Schalke 04 U17 team .
Valerio Scanu ( born 10 April 1990 , La Maddalena , Sardinia ) is an Italian pop rock singer .
Zang Cailing ( Chinese : 臧蔡灵 ; born May 18 , 1954 in Dalian ) is a Chinese coach and former international football player who played for China in the 1980 Asian Cup .
Mauro Facci ( born 11 May 1982 in Vicenza ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer , who competed between 2002 and 2010 .
Gurwinder Singh ( born 16 April 1986 in Jalandhar , Punjab ) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for East Bengal as a central defender in the I - League .
Barbara Honigmann is the daughter of German - Jewish emigrants , who returned to East Berlin in 1947 after a period of exile in Great Britain .
Rabih Abou - Khalil grew up in Beirut and moved to Munich , Germany during the civil war in 1978 .
Muhammad ibn Abd al - Karim al - Maghili , commonly known as Muhammad al - Maghili ( died ca . 1505 ) was an Islamic scholar from Tlemcen , the capital of the Kingdom of Tlemcen , now in modern - day Algeria .
Fabien Patanchon ( born June 14 , 1983 in Bordeaux ) is a French professional road bicycle racer who is currently unattached
Janina Klimkiewicz , real name Klimkowska ( born 15 February 1891 in Warsaw - 30 December 1959 in Jastrzębia Góra ) was a Polish actress .
David E. Aldrich ( born February 8 , 1963 in New York ) , is an American producer , director , cinematographer , editor , and information technology professional .
Radžis Aleksandrovičius , also known by his stage name Radži ( born February 14 , 1987 , in Panevėžys , then - Lithuanian SSR , USSR ) is a Lithuanian pop singer of Roma descent , once the laureate of a Lithuanian children songs competition `` Dainų dainelė '' .
Larry Gelwix ( born July 25 , 1950 in Oakland , California ) has been the coach of the Highland Rugby team since its founding in Salt Lake City in 1976 .
Marc Bijl ( Leerdam , 7 July 1970 ) is a Dutch artist who lives and works in Berlin .
Miroslav Popov ( born 14 June 1995 in Dvůr Králové nad Labem ) is a Czech motorcycle racer .
Chris England ( born 20 January 1961 , Oldham ) is an English writer and actor .
Oleg Serebrian ( born July 13 , 1969 , Hădărăuţi ) is a Moldovan politician , writer , diplomat and political scientist ( geopolitician ) , President of the Latin Union between 2010 and 2013 .
Alexandre - Dominique Denuelle , a French decorative painter and architect , was born in Paris in 1818 .
Wilson Reis ( born January 6 , 1985 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC 's Flyweight division .
Grant George ( Born May 17 , 1971 in Watsonville , California ) is an American voice actor .
Muñiz ( birth name : José Antonio Muñiz Vazquez ) , was born in Ponce , Puerto Rico .
Junior Félix Madrigal Ortíz ( born 2 June 1982 in Morelia ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays as Goalkeeper for La Piedad .
Floraleda Sacchi ( June 14 , 1978 ) is an Italian harpist , composer and musicologist born in Como .
Manfred Krüger ( born 11 August 1952 in Krummhörn ) is a former professional German footballer .
Lucile Blanch was born in 1895 in Hawley , Minnesota to the painter and lithographer Lucille Linguist .
Osvaldo Bagnoli ( born 3 July 1935 in Milan ) is a former Italian football coach .
George Lucas Hartsuff ( May 28 , 1830 -- May 16 , 1874 ) was an American soldier , born at Tyre , New York .
Karl Kautsky , born in Prague of a middle class artistic family , to Johann Kautsky ( a scenic designer ) and his wife Minna ( an actress and writer ) , moved with his family to Vienna at the age of seven .
Wolf Harden was born in Hamburg , and started learning music with his father , a musicologist , and his mother , a pianist .
Helen Grace ( born 20 August 1971 , in Hertfordshire ) is an English actress perhaps best known for her controversial role as the incestuous Georgia Simpson on the Channel 4 soap Brookside .
Hiram I ( Hebrew : חִירָם , `` high - born '' ; Standard Hebrew Ḥiram , Tiberian vocalization Ḥîrām , Modern Arabic : حيرام ) , according to the Hebrew Bible , was the Phoenician king of Tyre .
Semir Sadović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Семир Садовић;born 14 March 1991 in Novi Pazar ) is a Serbian football player .
Francisco Pizzini ( born 19 September 1993 in Bahía Blanca ) is an Argentine football Winger who plays for Olimpo on loan from Independiente .
Eugène Boch ( 1 September 1855 -- 3 January 1941 ) was a Belgian painter , born in Saint - Vaast , La Louvière , Hainaut , and the younger brother of Anna Boch , a founding member of Les XX .
He was a son of William Stokes ( 1804 - -1878 ) , and a grandson of Whitley Stokes ( 1763 - -1845 ) , each of whom was Regius Professor of Physic at the University of Dublin .
Monika Schnarre ( born May 27 , 1971 in Scarborough , Ontario ) is a Canadian model , actress , and television host .
Jiří Vojtík ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈvojciːk ) ; born July 2 , 1981 in Prague ) is a Czech sprinter .
Yvan Muller ( born 16 August 1969 in Altkirch , Haut - Rhin ) is a French auto racing driver most noted for success in touring car racing .
Rockwell Kent was born in Tarrytown , New York , the same year as fellow American artists George Bellows and Edward Hopper .
Hassan Zia - Zarifi was born in Lahijan , in the northern province of Gilan , on April 10 , 1939 , the second youngest of eight children of Hajji Issa Zia - Zarifi , a merchant , and Rokhsareh Monajjemi .
Jake LeDoux ( born 2 May 1985 in Port Perry , Ontario ) is a Canadian Actor .
Bridget Kelly ( born April 8 , 1986 ) , is an American singer and songwriter from New York City , New York .
Romain Achilli ( born 15 February 1993 ) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for SC Bastia in Ligue 1 .
Veronica Carlson ( born 18 September 1944 in Yorkshire , England ) is an English model and actress , famous for her roles in Hammer horror films .
The Rev. Richard Thomas Nolan ( born May 30 , 1937 , Waltham , MA ; dual citizenship in the Republic of Ireland , 2011 ) is a canon of Christ Church Episcopal Cathedral in Hartford , Connecticut and a former college professor of philosophy and religious studies .
Tajul Muluk 's father Makmun was a Kyai ( an expert in Islam ) living in Sampang Regency .
Antonis Makris ( born July 1 , 1981 ) is a Cypriot football forward who last played for Ermis Aradippou and previously for ASIL Lysi he was considered a big talent while playing in AC Omonia Nicosia .
Balian Buschbaum ( born 14 July 1980 in Ulm as Yvonne Buschbaum ) is a former German pole vaulter .
Simon Paisley Day ( born 1967 in Gillingham , Kent ) also known as Simon Day is a British stage and screen actor .
Lauren Hewett ( born on 8 January 1981 in Sydney ) is an Australian actress best known for her role in Ocean Girl as Mera , and also for her role as Lara Ritchie in The Echo of Thunder .
Tarrare was born in rural France , near Lyon , around 1772 .
Andrea Motis ( born May 9 , 1995 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish jazz singer and instrumentalist .
Luciano Henrique de Gouveia or simply Luciano Henrique ( born October 10 , 1978 in Tremembé ) , is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Santo André .
Born and raised in Lagos , Pheelz is credited to have produced all but one song in Olamide 's Baddest Guy Ever Liveth album .
Jane McGrath was born Jane Louise Steele on 4 May 1966 to Jen and Roy Steele , a now retired newsagent in Paignton , Devon , England .
His name was later used for streets and places such as Hans Place , Hans Crescent and Sloane Square in London , and also to Sir Hans Sloane Square in his birthplace , Killyleagh .
Varvara Lepchenko ( Варвара Петрiвна Лепченко ) ; born May 21 , 1986 in Tashkent , is an American professional tennis player of Ukrainian descent .
Józef Światło was born on 1 January 1915 as Izaak Fleischfarb ( also Fleichfarb , Licht , or Lichtstein , sources vary ) , into a Jewish family in Medyn village near Zbarazh ( now Ukraine ) .
Alejandro Awada ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aleˈxandɾo aˈwaða ) ; December 7 , 1961 in Villa Ballester , Buenos Aires Province ) is an Argentine character actor of Lebanese descent .
Wilfrid Hyde - White was born in Bourton - on - the - Water in Gloucestershire , England in 1903 to the Rev. William Edward White , canon of Gloucester Cathedral , and his wife , Ethel Adelaide ( née Drought ) .
Sol Stein ( born October 13 , 1926 in Chicago ) is the author of 13 books and was Publisher and Editor - in - Chief of Stein and Day Publishers for 27 years .
Nuon Chea was born as Lau Kim Lorn at Voat Kor , Battambang in 1926 .
Ville Virtanen ( born 17 July 1975 ) , better known by his stage name Darude /dəˈruːd/ , is a Finnish electronic music producer and DJ from Eura , Hinnerjoki .
Kealan Patrick Burke ( born in Dungarvan , Ireland ) is an author .
Norbert Davis was born in Morrison , Illinois , where he grew up .
Alexander Kerensky was born in Simbirsk ( now Ulyanovsk ) on the Volga River on 2 May 1881 .
Steeven Joseph - Monrose ( born 20 July 1990 in Bondy ) is a French footballer who is currently plays for Brest who play in Ligue 2 .
Algirdas Paleckis was born on May 20 , 1971 in Bern , Switzerland to a family of diplomat Justas Vincas Paleckis .
Pang Qing ( simplified Chinese : 庞清 ; traditional Chinese : 龐清 ; pinyin : Páng Qīng ; born December 24 , 1979 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese pair skater .
Régine Robin ( born as Rivka Ajzersztejn to Jewish - Polish parents in Paris , 1939 ) is a historian , novelist , translator and professor of sociology .
Helge Fossmo originated from the village of Björneborg , close to Kristinehamn in Värmland County .
Swanand Kirkire was born and brought up at Rambagh in Indore - based Marathi speaking family to Chintamani ( father ) and Neelambari ( mother ) , both of whom are classical singers .
Logan Morrison was born in Kansas City , Missouri , and moved around a lot with his Coast Guard father ( Tom ) .
Father Oleg Molenko , born Oleg Uryupin ( February 24 , 1954 , Kiev ) - is an Orthodox priest , preacher , social activist and theologian .
Alijan Ibragimov ( also known as Alidjan or Alidzhon Ibragimov ; born 5 June 1954 in Fergana , Uzbek SSR ) is an Uyghur oligarch who is a member of a well - known circle of oligarchs in Kazakhstan known as the `` Trio . ''
Nils Mesterton was born in Stockholm as the third son and fourth child of lieutenant Carl Daniel Mesterton and Ebba von Redlich , daughter of the German consul - general in Stockholm .
Professor Shlomo Havlin was born in Jerusalem , Israel ( then part of The British Mandate of Palestine ) .
Jorma Gallen - Kallela ( 22 November 1898 in Ruovesi -- 1 December 1939 ) was a Finnish artist .
Ahmed Saad Al Rashidi ( born 18 June 1984 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer currently playing with Al Arabi of Kuwait .
Shahab Hosseini ( Persian : شهاب حسینی‎‎ , born 4 February 1974 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actor .
Luo Zilin , or commonly known in English as Roseline , ( simplified Chinese : 罗紫琳 ; traditional Chinese : 羅紫琳 ; pinyin : Luō Zǐlín ; born June 6 , 1987 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe China in July 2011 .
Sonja Kastl ( July 14 , 1929 , Zagreb ) is Croatian film and stage actress , teacher , dancer and choreographer .
Born in Landshut before 1450 ( some sources state 1430 as the year of his birth ) , Ulrich Füetrer went to the Latin school in that city before becoming a pupil of the painter Dietrich Ziegler there .
Pascale Trinquet ( born August 11 , 1958 in Marseille ) is a French fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition .
Faith Ringgold ( born October 8 , 1930 , in Harlem , New York City ) is an African - American artist , best known for her narrative quilts .
Lance Wyman ( b. Newark , New Jersey , 1937 ) is an American graphic designer .
Nigel Boulton ( born Cardiff , Wales ) is a former Welsh football player who currently coaches in the United States .
Filip Deket ( born 1 May 1993 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Trnava as a centre back or a defensive midfielder .
Nikolai Borisovich Delone ( 22 May 1926 -- 11 September 2008 ) was a Soviet physicist born in Leningrad , USSR ( now Saint Petersburg , Russia ) .
James A. Bell ( born June 4 , 1948 in Los Angeles , California ) was formerly the President , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Boeing Company .
Albert Richter , known to friends as Teddy , grew up in Sömmeringstraße 72 , Ehrenfeld , Cologne .
Nenad Đukanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heнaд Ђукaнoвић ; born June 9 , 1971 in Obrenovac ) is a retired Serbian football player , now starting his coaching career .
John Beebe ( born June 24 , 1939 , Washington , D.C. ) is a Jungian analyst in practice in San Francisco .
Heinz Nixdorf ( April 9 , 1925 -- March 17 , 1986 ) was a German computing pioneer , businessman and founder of Nixdorf Computer AG . Nixdorf was born in Paderborn .
Gerd Sannemüller ( 19 October 1914 , Heilbad Heiligenstadt -- 13 June 2008 ) was a German composer , pianist and musicologist .
Lorenz Schwietz was born in Groß Döbern ( now Dobrzeń Wielki ) , Oppeln county , Prussian province of Silesia .
Ravish Malhotra ( born on 25 December 1943 in Lahore ) is a retired Air Commodore of the Indian Air Force .
August Gottfried Knoche ( 17 March 1813 , Halberstadt - 2 January 1901 , near La Guaira ) was a German doctor and surgeon .
Elmir Alimzhanov ( Russian : Эльмир Эльдарович Алимжанов , born 5 October 1986 in Almaty ) is a Kazakhstani right - handed fencer .
Jenifer Papararo ( Born 1966 , Chelmsford , UK ) is a curator and writer of contemporary art and founding member of curatorial / design / service collective Instant Coffee .
George Hourani was born into a prosperous British family of Lebanese Christian extraction in Didsbury , Manchester .
Roland Batik ( born August 19 , 1951 in Vienna ) is an Austrian pianist , composer , jazz musician and piano teacher .
Francis Celeste Le Blond ( grandfather of Frank Le Blond Kloeb ) was born in Bellville , Ohio .
Peter Howson OBE ( born London , England , 27 March 1958 ) is a Scottish painter .
David Owen Dodd was born in Victoria , Lavaca County , Texas , to Andrew Marion Dodd , a merchant , and Lydia Echols Owen .
Jules Verriest ( born 19 May 1946 in Bruges ) is a retired Belgian football player , who played almost his complete career for Cercle Brugge .
Depending on the reference , Edward R. Talley was born on either September 6 or 8 , 1890 in Russellville , Tennessee .
Blessed Josaphata Hordashevska , S.S.M.I. , born Michaelina Hordashevska , ( 20 November 1869 , Lviv - 7 April 1919 , Lviv ) a Ukrainian Greek - Catholic Religious Sister , was the first member of the Sisters Servants of Mary Immaculate .
Jessica Gower ( born 1977 in Melbourne , Victoria ) is an Australian actress ; sometimes credited as Jess Gower .
Randy Hembrey ( born June 26 , 1965 in Cary , Illinois ) is a Senior Series Manager .
Arthur Caíke do Nascimento Cruz ( born 15 June 1992 in Barbalha ) - known as Arthur - is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Santa Cruz in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , on loan from Londrina .
Clinton Larsen ( born 17 February 1971 in Durban , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African former football player and current head coach of Bloemfontein Celtic .
Hendrik Pierson was born in Amsterdam on 10 July 1834 , the fourth child of Jan Lodewijk Gregory Pierson ( 1806 - -1873 ) and Ida Oyens ( 1808 - -1860 ) .
Graham Barrow ( born in Chorley , Lancashire , 13 June 1954 ) is an English former footballer who has since become a lower division manager .
Alec Poole is an Irish auto racing driver from Dublin .
Marcelo Rosa Nazário or simply Marcelo ( born May 20 , 1987 in Tubarão ) is a Brazilian central defender .
Colleen Broomall ( born August 30 , 1983 in Teaneck , New Jersey ) is an American actress and journalist .
Born in Eltham , Kent , on 16 January 1916 , Philip Lucock emigrated to New Zealand in 1923 , where he was educated .
Stéphane Mertens ( born 14 May 1959 in Paris , France ) is a Belgian motorcycle road racer .
Sweyn Forkbeard ( Old Norse : Sveinn Tjúguskegg ; Danish : Sven Tveskæg ; 960 -- 3 February 1014 ) was king of Denmark , England , and parts of Norway .
Guillermina Bravo , daughter of Guillermo Nicolás Bravo and María de los Dolores Canales y Mondragón , was born in Chacaltianguis , Veracruz .
Alexey Retinsky ( ukr . Oleksii Retynskii ) was born on 14 November 1986 in Simferopol , Crimea .
Henrique da Rocha Lima ( 24 November 1879 -- 12 April 1956 ) was a Brazilian physician , pathologist and infectologist born in Rio de Janeiro .
Born in Söderhamn on 11 May 1976 , Sahlene was the oldest of seven children having three younger brothers and three younger sisters .
Cássia Kis Magro ( São Caetano do Sul , January 6 , 1958 ) is a Brazilian actress of Hungarian descent .
Mohamed Bayram II , born on 28 October 1748 in Tunis and died on 23 October 1831 , is a Tunisian scholar and cleric .
Maxime Blocq - Mascart was born in Paris on 17 November 1894 to an old banking family from Lorraine .
Gloria Lynne Henry was born in Detroit , Michigan and her first experience in front of the camera was a role in the TV movie Bare Essence in 1982 .
Peter Lowry ( born October 2 , 1985 in Missoula , Montana ) is a former American soccer player .
Erwin Thaler ( born May 21 , 1930 in Innsbruck - November 29 , 2001 ) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the 1960s .
Marijan Zovko ( born 21 August 1959 in Split ) is a Croatian retired footballer and a current football manager .
Ben Antao is a writer who was born in Velim , Goa , India .
Redemption Island , he chose to adopt the name Wyatt Nash ( his middle name plus Nash for his birth city , Nashville ) as his stage name .
Teddy Wang 's hometown is Wenzhou and was born in Shanghai , China to Wenzhounese parents .
Rear - Admiral Joseph de Richery ( 13 September 1757 , Allons , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence -- 1798 , Allons ) was a French naval officer .
Marcos Renan de Mattos Ceschin or simply Renan ( born 12 May 1985 in Curitiba ) is a Brazilian attacking midfielder for Panachaiki .
Andrey Loginov ( born 3 March 1972 in Tiraspol , Moldovan SSR ) is a retired Russian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres .
Domenico Mogavero ( born March 31 , 1947 in Castelbuono ) is Bishop of Mazara del Vallo and former member of the Conferencia Episcopale Siciliana .
Sam Reynolds ( born December 13 , 1981 in Fortuna , California ) is a former American professional soccer player , now a player liaison for PROficient Agency , representing professional soccer players , primarily in the United States and Europe .
Ann Curless - Weiss ( born Ann Katherine Curless , October 7 , 1963 , in Albany , New York ) is a popular music singer , most notable for being a member of Exposé and as a McGraw - Hill Education sales rep .
Philip Tagg ( born 1944 in Oundle , Northamptonshire , UK ) is a British musicologist , writer and educator .
Erich Wagler ( 7 September 1884 , Zwickau -- 29 August 1951 ) was a German ichthyologist and malacologist .
John Pringle was the youngest son of Sir John Pringle , 2nd Baronet , of Stichill , Roxburghshire ( 1662 - -1721 ) , by his spouse Magdalen ( d. December 1739 ) , daughter of Sir Gilbert Elliot , of Stobs .
Silma Ihram ( born Anne Frances Beaumont c. 1954 ) is an Australian pioneer of Muslim education in the West , founder and former school Principal of the ' Noor Al Houda Islamic College ' in Sydney , and a campaigner for racial tolerance .
Mierle Laderman Ukeles ( born 1939 , Denver , Colorado ) is a New York City - based artist known for her feminist and service - oriented artwork .
Alessandro Dell'Acqua ( b. 21 December 1962 in Naples ) is a fashion designer .
Mykhailo Poloz was born on December 23 , 1891 in Kharkiv , in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire in a noble family of excise official .
Giorgio Madia was born in Milan and trained as a dancer from 1976 to 1984 at the ballet school of Teatro alla Scala in Milan .
Dmitri Sinodi - Popov was born in the city of Taganrog , where he received a good education at home : violin , French , Italian and Greek languages and was very good at the visual arts .
Gulshan Kumar Mehta , popularly known as Gulshan Bawra was born 30 km from Lahore in a place called Sheikhupura .
The daughter of prominent Austrian architect and interior designer , Walter Sobotka ( 1888 - -1972 ) and Viennese actress , Gisela Schönau , Ruth Sobotka immigrated to the United States from Vienna with her parents in 1938 .
Mauro Baldi ( born January 31 , 1954 in Reggio Emilia ) is an Italian former Formula One driver who raced for the Arrows , Alfa Romeo and Spirit teams .
Silvia Ziche ( born 5 July 1967 in Thiene ) is an Italian comic book artist and writer .
Imma von Bodmershof ( née Emma Lilly Isolde von Ehrenfels ) ( August 10 , 1895 -- August 26 , 1982 ) was an Austrian poet born in Graz .
Stevie Wonder was born in Saginaw , Michigan , in 1950 , the third of six children of Calvin Judkins and Lula Mae Hardaway .
Michał Koterski , also known as Misiek Koterski ( born December 29 , 1979 in Kraków ) is a Polish actor , TV presenter and stand - up comedian .
Juan Ignacio Duato Bárcia , also known as Nacho Duato ( Valencia , 8 January 1957 ) is a Spanish modern ballet dancer and choreographer .
J. Campbell White ( March 31 , 1870 -- March 24 , 1962 ) was a General Secretary of the YMCA in Calcutta and an American President of the College of Wooster in Ohio .
Donato Sabia ( born 11 September 1963 in Potenza ) is a retired Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Stéphan L'Enflé ( born November 7 , 1982 in Mauritius ) is a football player who currently plays for SS Capricorne in the Réunion Division 2 .
Sir Charles Tertius Mander , 1st Baronet JP , DL ( 16 July 1852 -- 8 April 1929 ) was a Midland manufacturer ( and as such Royal Warrant holder ) , philanthropist and public servant , of Wolverhampton , England .
Owe Thörnqvist ( born 12 March 1929 in Uppsala ) is a Swedish troubadour , revue artist and songwriter .
Vladimir Ussachevsky was born in the Hailar District of China , in modern - day Inner Mongolia to an Imperial Russian Army officer assigned to protect Trans - Siberian Railway interests .
Benjamin Cas Haley ( born December 27 , 1980 ; Paris , Texas ) is an American singer / guitarist who was the runner - up on Season 2 of America 's Got Talent in 2007 .
Glenn Poshard ( born October 30 , 1945 in Herald , Illinois ) is a former Illinois State Senator , U.S. Congressman , Gubernatorial Candidate , and is a former President of the Southern Illinois University system .
Musa Celik ( born 11 April 1983 in Oberhausen ) is a German professional footballer who currently plays for FSV Duisburg and is co - founder of the SK Gaming e - sports clan .
Dejan Martinović ( born July 19 , 1983 in Doboj ) is a Bosnian footballer who 's last known club was FC Okzhetpes .
Michael Millett ( 22 September 1977 -- 21 September 1995 ) was an English footballer who played for Wigan Athletic .
Antonio Palomino was born to a respectable family at Bujalance , near Córdoba in 1653 .
Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera ( born 5 June 1984 in La Plata , Buenos Aires province ) is an Argentine football right winger currently playing for Quilmes .
Michael Bendetti ( born August 21 , 1967 in Long Beach , California ) is an American actor and producer best known for playing Officer Anthony `` Mac '' McCann in the fifth and final season of the Fox television series 21 Jump Street .
Robert Arthur Hughes was born on 3 December 1910 to Reverend Howell Harris Hughes and Annie Myfanwy Hughes in Oswestry , a town in Shropshire , England .
Vladimir Mikanba was born 23 September 1931 in New Athos in the Gudauta district of what was then the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic .
Robert Hering ( born 14 June 1990 in Gera ) is a German sprinter who specialises in the 200 metres .
Big Gipp ( born Cameron Gipp ; April 28 , 1973 ) is an American rapper from Atlanta , Georgia .
Richard Corben was born on a farm in Anderson , Missouri , and went on to get a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Kansas City Art Institute , in 1965 .
Scott Lee Kimball ( born September 21 , 1966 ) is a convicted serial killer from Boulder County , Colorado .
Daan Paau ( born 11 November 1985 in Heumen ) is a footballer who plays as an Midfielder for Achilles ' 29 in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Julien Kapek ( born 12 January 1979 in Clamart , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French triple jumper .
Marina Kuptsova ( born December 22 , 1981 in Moscow ) is a Russian high jumper who won a silver medal at the 2003 World Championships .
Paul Crake ( born 6 December 1976 in Canberra ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist .
Bence Szabó ( born 13 June 1962 in Békéscsaba ) is a Hungarian fencer , who has won four Olympic medals in the sabre competitions .
Saffron Taylor ( born 9 May 1982 in Warwick , England ) is a British Latex fashion model , best known for her latex fashion , glamour and pin - up modelling .
Gyula O. H. Katona ( born March 16 , 1941 , Budapest ) is a Hungarian mathematician known for his work in combinatorial set theory , and especially for the Kruskal--
Nicolas Hartmann ( born March 3 , 1985 in Altkirch ) is a French professional road bicycle racer who is currently riding for Bretagne - Schuller .
Jan Vriend ( born November 1938 in Benningbroek ) is a Dutch classical music composer , conductor , organist and pianist .
Pietro Dalle Vedove ( or Delle Vedove in other sources ; born August 19 , 1903 in Cremona ) was an Italian professional football player .
Arthur Cowley ( born in London ) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town & Aberdare Athletic .
Brima Koroma ( born 8 July 1984 in Makeni ) is a professional Sierra Leonean footballer .
Air Marshal Herman Prayitno ( born 9 January 1951 in Yogyakarta ) was the Indonesian Air Force 's Chief of the Air Staff from 13 February 2006 until 28 December 2007 .
Born in Dois Vizinhos , Paraná , Douglão appeared rarely for Coritiba and Internacional .
Bruce Baillie ( born in 1931 , Aberdeen , South Dakota ) is an American cinematic artist and founding member of Canyon Cinema in San Francisco .
Susan Jellicoe ( christened Ursula but known as Susan or Sue ) was born in Liverpool , the third child of Sir Bernard Pares KBE ( 1867 - -1949 ) , the historian and academic known for his work on Russia .
Nathan Fake is an English electronic music artist from Norfolk , who has released singles as well as three albums on the label Border Community Recordings .
Abdülkerim Nadir Pasha ( 1807 - -1883 ) , also known as Çırpanlı Abdi Pasha or Abdul Kerim Pasha , was an Ottoman military commander , born in Chirpan , Ottoman Bulgaria .
Yael Arad , who is Jewish , was born in Tel Aviv .
Wellington Silva Sanches Aguiar , known as Wellington Nem ( born February 6 , 1992 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Shakhtar , in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Giorgio Stirano ( born 23 February 1950 in Turin ) is an Italian racing car engineer , who worked for Forti and Osella in Formula One .
Fernando Wagner ( November 7 , 1905 in Göttingen , Germany -- October 20 , 1973 in Cuernavaca , Mexico ) was a German - born Mexican actor and film director .
Affonso Romano de Sant'Anna ( born March 27 , 1937 in Belo Horizonte ) , is a Brazilian poet , essay writer , and professor .
Jan de Witte was born in the Russian army encampment near Poltava on 8 July 1709 , as a son of Jan de Witte ( the Elder ) , a professional officer coming from a Dutch Protestant family from Dordrecht , at that time employed in the Russian army which waged war with Sweden .
Estera Dobre ( born February 10 , 1987 in Râmnicu Vâlcea ) is an amateur Romanian wrestler , who played for the women 's flyweight category .
Callisthenes of Olynthus ( ( /kəˈlɪsθəˌniːz/ ) ; Greek : Καλλισθένης ; c. 360 -- 328 BC ) was a Greek historian .
Li Weijun ( simplified Chinese : 李伟军 ; traditional Chinese : 李偉軍 ; pinyin : Li Wěijūn ; born 1 December 1981 in China ) is a professional Chinese football Goalkeeper who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia .
Kevin Little ( born April 3 , 1968 in Des Moines , Iowa ) is a former American athlete , who specialized in sprints .
DJ Gruff , also known as Gruffetti ( real name Sandro Orrù , born in Rome but from Sardinia ) is an Italian hip hop artist .
Clifford Last was the younger son of Nella and William Last , shopfitter in Barrow - in - Furness , England .
Salah Al - Deen Siamand Tahir ( Arabic : صلاح الدين سيامند طاهر‎ ) ( born 3 March 1978 ) is an Iraqi football player of Kurdish ethnicity , who currently plays for Arbil FC in Iraq Salah Al - Deen played in both central defence and in a deep midfield position .
Gary Allan Herzberg was born and raised in La Mirada , California , to Harley and Mary Herzberg .
Wong Fai ( Chinese : 王輝 ; pinyin : Wáng Huī ; Jyutping : wong4 fai1 ; born January 6 , 1970 ) is a Hong Kong sport shooter .
Marco Martinelli ( born 9 October 1965 in Rovereto , Trentino ) is a former Italian volleyball player , who later became a volleyball coach .
Moritz Krämer ( born 1980 in Basel ) is a Swiss indie singer songwriter from Basel living currently in Berlin .
Luís Gabriel Sacilotto Filho ( born 18 March 1983 in Americana , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football player , he currently plays for the Italian club Lecce .
Frédéric Sessa ( Sète 1985 ) is a French free - diver .
Fausto Biloslavo ( Trieste , 13 November 1961 ) is an Italian journalist , author and one of the most experienced Italian war correspondents .
David Simeon ( born David John Townsend , 17 May 1943 , Chippenham , Wiltshire ) is a British actor .
Vasyl Zolotarenko ( Ukrainian : Василь Золотаренко ) ( born ? in Korsun , died on September 28 , 1663 ) , was a Ukrainian Cossack colonel of the Nizhyn Regiment ( 1655 - -1656 , 1659 - -1663 ) .
Józef Lustgarten ( 1 November 1889 , Krakow - 22 September 1973 , Kraków ) was a Polish Jewish footballer .
Marcelino de Unceta y López ( October 22 , 1835 -- March 10 , 1905 ) was an artist , illustrator , and painter of Zaragoza and Madrid .
Christopher Quinten ( born Christopher Bell on 12 July 1957 , Middlesbrough , North Riding of Yorkshire ) is a British actor , best known for his role as Brian Tilsley on Coronation Street , which he played from 1978 to 1989 .
Camille de Rocca Serra ( born 21 May 1954 in Porto - Vecchio ) was the president of the regional council of Corsica between 2004 and 2010 .
Mario Basiola was born in Annicco in the province of Cremona to Alessandro , an artisan basketweaver , and Marta Milanesi .
Dmitry Almazov ( Russian : Дми́трий Алма́зов ; IPA : ( ˈdʲmʲitrʲɪj ɐlˈmazəf ) ; born 11 March 1982 in Moscow ) , mostly known by his stage name Bobina is a Russian trance DJ , record producer and radio host .
Alexander Butlerov was born in Chistopol into a landowning family .
Khaled Salmeen ( Arabic : خالد سالمين ) ( born 1974 ) is chairman of Abu Dhabi Terminals ( ADT ) , and a leading advisor to Abu Dhabi Ports in the emirate of Abu Dhabi .
Louis Rocca ( 1882 - -13 June 1950 ) was an English football administrator and scout who played a pivotal role in the development of Manchester United F.C. He had several roles within the club from the 1890s to the 1940s , most notably putting them in contact with Matt Busby in 1945 ;
Johannes Katschthaler was born in Hippach , in the Austrian Tirol , and studied at the seminary in Salzburg .
Yates Stirling , Jr. was born in Vallejo , California in 1872 to Lieutenant Commander Yates Stirling , Sr . ( 1843 - 1929 ) ( United States Naval Academy Class of 1863 ) and his wife , Ellen Salisbury ( née Hale ) Stirling ( 1843 - 1929 ) .
Brook Antoinette Mahealani Lee ( born January 8 , 1971 in Pearl City , Hawaii ) , known as Brook Lee , is an American actress , TV Host , model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Hawaii USA 1997 , Miss USA 1997 and Miss Universe 1997 .
Alberto Cavasin ( born January 9 , 1956 in Treviso ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) manager and former player .
Jean de Koven ( 1915 - July 23 , 1937 ) was a dancer from Boston , Massachusetts who was murdered in Paris , France in 1937 .
Susana Félix ( born in Torres Vedras , 12 October 1975 ) is a Portuguese singer , songwriter , musician , actress , producer .
Brígida Baltar ( Rio de Janeiro , 1959 ) is a Brazilian visual artist .
Hannah Ryggen ( 21 March 1894 , Malmö -- 2 February 1970 ) was a Swedish - born Norwegian textile artist .
John Baughan / Boffin the elder was married to Ann Woodley / Wodley on 22 June 1753 at Cherington , Warwickshire .
Pavel Petrovich Parenago was born into the family of a physician on 20 March 1906 , in Krasnodar , present - day Russia .
Jiří Ryba ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈrɪba ) ) ( born 15 June 1976 in Tábor ) is a Czech decathlete .
Brahim Boulami ( Arabic : ابراهيم بولامي‎ ) ( born April 20 , 1972 in Safi ) is a Moroccan athlete who had set two world records in the 3,000 meter steeplechase , 7:55.28 and 7:53.17 .
Breanna Leslie ( born August 11 , 1991 in Mesa , Arizona ) is an American pentathlete , heptathlete , and 100 m hurdler .
Peggy Morse , née Bozeman ( born in Texas , United States ) well known as Peggy Moreland is a USA TODAY and Waldenbooks bestselling American writer of over 40 romance novels since 1989 .
Agostinho dos Santos was born in São Paulo , in the neighborhood called Bela Vista or Bixiga .
Davide Tardozzi ( born in Ravenna , January 30 , 1959 ) is a former Italian Superbike racer and current race team manager .
David Bergen ( born January 14 , 1957 , Port Edward , British Columbia ) is a Canadian novelist from Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Joshard Daus ( born 1947 , Hamburg ) is a German choral conductor .
Sergey Petrovich Kovalchuk ( born 16 December 1973 in Brest ) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player .
Hans Reiser was born and raised in Oakland , California to Ramon and Beverly ( née Kleiber ) Reiser .
Ivan Quaranta ( born December 14 , 1974 in Crema ) , also called `` il Ghepardo '' ( Italian : the Cheetah ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Ross C. Goodman is a Las Vegas criminal defense attorney that is noted for handling high - profile cases .
Félix Uresti Gómez ( Gómez Farías , Coahuila ; July 1 , 1887 -- Carrizal , Chihuahua ; June 21 , 1916 ) was a soldier and Mexican revolutionary .
Morten Breum , stylized MORTEN ( born 1982 in Aarhus ) is a Danish DJ and producer , currently living in Los Angeles , USA .
Vladimir Zabugin ( 21 June 1880 , Pargolovo -- 14 September 1923 , Trentino - Alto Adige , Italy ) was a Russian historian and publicist .
John Peel was born in Heswall Cottage Hospital in Heswall on the Wirral Peninsula , near Liverpool , and grew up in the nearby village of Burton .
Ya'akov Schwartz is a former Israeli footballer who represented the Israel national football team .
Bojan Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Марковић ; born 11 November 1985 in Zenica ) is a Bosnian Serb footballer who plays as a central defender .
Boris Bidjan Saberi is a menswear designer based in Barcelona , although he himself was born in Munich and is half - Persian , half - German .
Jamie Gregg ( born March 18 , 1985 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian long track speed skater .
Adolphe Low ( 21 . July 1915 at Cottbus - 11 November 2012 at Strasbourg ) was a German - French politician .
Michiel Smit ( born August 21 , 1976 in Maasland ) is a former Dutch politician and leader of Nieuw Rechts , a nationalist political party .
Paolo De Ceglie ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːolo de ˈtʃɛʎʎe ; ˈtʃeʎʎe ) ; born 17 September 1986 in Aosta ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a fullback for French club Marseille on loan from Juventus .
Benjamin Psaume ( born January 12 , 1985 in Auch ) is a French professional football player currently playing for Troyes in Ligue 2 .
Charles Horton Peck , born March 30 , 1833 in Sand Lake , New York , died July 11 , 1917 in Menands , New York , was an American mycologist of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Fabiana Sgroi ( born May 13 , 1981 in Palermo ) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s .
Pandora Clifford is a British actress who has appeared in various roles on stage and screen including Agatha Christie 's Poirot , Wallander , Taggart and New Tricks `` Born in London , brought up near Edinburgh , she read Classics at Bristol University before training at LAMDA .
Jan van Goyen was the son of a shoemaker and started as an apprentice in Leiden , the town of his birth .
László Lempert ( 4 June 1952 , in Budapest ) is a Hungarian - American mathematician , working in the analysis of multiple complex variables .
Nikolay Hristov ( Bulgarian : Николай Христов ) ( born 11 December 1985 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Belasitsa Petrich .
Steve Woita ( born 1960 in San Francisco , California ) is an American computer and video game designer , programmer , and electronics hardware designer with over 30 years of experience .
Tommy Langley ( born 8 February 1958 in the Elephant & Castle , London ) is an English retired footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s as a striker .
Richard Paltauf ( 9 February 1858 -- 21 April 1924 ) was an Austrian pathologist and bacteriologist born in Judenburg , Styria .
Heather Mazur ( born June 17 , 1976 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American actress , best known for her role as Sarah Cooper in the 1990 film Night of the Living Dead .
Bonwick was born Lingfield , Surrey , England , the eldest son of James Bonwick , carpenter , and his second wife Mary Ann née Preston .
Frédéric - Louis Allamand ( February 5 , 1736 , Payerne , Vaud -- after 1803 ) was a Swiss botanist .
Albert Hobson ( born April 7 , 1925 in Glossop , England ) is an English former footballer who played for Blackpool , Huddersfield Town and York City .
Eric Schopler was born February 8 , 1927 in Fürth , Germany to Erna Oppenheimer Schopler and Ernst Schopler , who were Jewish .
Mohammad Shirvani ( born 1973 in Tehran ) is an Iranian film director . Mohammad Shirvani is a contemporary Iranian film director , script writer , visual artist and producer who was born in Tehran at 1973 .
Chris Lilygreen ( born 9 June 1965 , in Newport ) is a football manager and former professional footballer .
Volodymir Hustov ( Ukrainian : Володимир Густов , often transliterated to Volodymyr Gustov ; born 15 February 1977 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer , who last rode for UCI ProTeam Saxo Bank - Tinkoff Bank .
Igor Malinovsky ( Igor Vladimirovich Malinovsky , Russian : Игорь Владимирович Mалиновский ) , was born in Sverdlovsk ( Yekaterinburg ) on 6 November 1977 .
Shan Sa is the pseudonym of Yan Ni ( born October 26 , 1972 in Beijing , China ) , a French author and painter .
Khalil Maleki ( 1903 in Tabriz -- July 1969 ) was an Iranian political figure , socialist and intellectual .
Rinaldo Francisco de Lima or simply Nem ( born January 19 , 1973 in Recife ) , is a Brazilian football player , specialising as a central defender .
Andrzej Walkowiak ( born January 21 , 1961 in Bydgoszcz ) is a Polish politician and journalist .
Ismail Kadare was born on 28 January 1936 in Gjirokastër in the Kingdom of Albania , to Muslim parents .
Gustav Adolf von Wulffen ( born 18 April 1878 in Gotha - died 4 May 1945 ) was a German general and Nazi .
Moacir Costa da Silva or simply Moacir ( born February 14 , 1986 in Recife ) , is a Brazilian football Defensive midfielder .
Pascal Feindouno ( born 27 February 1981 in Conakry ) is a Guinean international footballer , who plays as a winger .
Gilbert Bauvin ( born August 4 , 1927 at Lunéville , Meurthe - et - Moselle ) is a former professional French road bicycle racer .
Hans Maler zu Schwaz ( 1480/1488 - -1526/1529 ) was a German painter born in Ulm and active as portraitist in the village of Schwaz , near Innsbruck .
Jeanette Sliwinski ( born January 24 , 1982 ) is a Chicago - born model .
Dmitry Grishin was born in 1978 in Kapustin Yar a Russian rocket launch and development site in Astrakhan Oblast .
Pi de Bruijn ( born 28 August 1942 in Losser , Overijssel ) is a Dutch architect who won the second prize in February 1993 for the competition on the Reichstag the highest German government building .
Micah True was born Michael Randall Hickman in Oakland , California , the son of a World War II Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant and the second of four children .
Karl - Heinz Weber was born on 30 January 1922 in Heringsdorf in the province of Pomerania , a Free State of Prussia .
Charles Norris Houghton was born in Indianapolis , Indiana , the youngest of three children of Grace Norris and Charles Houghton of Oxford , Ohio .
Yogan Santos ( born 15 January 1985 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a Defender .
Rosario Pergolizzi ( born October 7 , 1968 in Palermo ) is an Italian football coach and former player , most recently manager of Ascoli .
Albert Gazal is a retired Israeli footballer who was a player in Maccabi Netanya .
Patrick Rea ( born January 2 , 1980 in Schuyler , Nebraska ) is an American producer , writer , actor and director .
Maurício Donizete Ramos Júnior or simply Maurício Ramos ( born April 10 , 1985 in Piracicaba ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Centre Back .
Li Shuai started his football career playing for Qingdao Jonoon 's youth academy .
Enrico Platé ( 28 January 1909 , Milan , Italy -- 2 February 1954 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a motor racing driver and team manager .
Greg Rucka was born on November 29 , 1969 in San Francisco and raised on the Monterey Peninsula of California , in an area known to the locals as `` Steinbeck Country '' .
Laura Abbot was born in Kansas City , Missouri , the eldest of three children .
Abdelkader Laïfaoui ( born July 29 , 1981 in Hussein Dey , Algiers ) is an Algerian international footballer who plays for USM Blida in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Zhang Jingna ( simplified Chinese : 张晶娜 ; traditional Chinese : 張晶娜 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jīngnà ; born 4 May 1988 in Beijing , China ) is a Chinese - Singaporean photographer widely known as zemotion .
Sasha Alexandra Waltz ( born 8 March 1963 , Karlsruhe ) is a German choreographer , dancer and leader of the dance company Sasha Waltz and Guests .
Julius Dreschfeld was born as the youngest of ten siblings on 13 October 1845 at Niederwerrn , in the Schweinfurt district of Bavaria .
Antony Deschamps was born in Paris , and was the brother of one of the first representatives of the Romantic movement , Émile Deschamps , on whom he had some literary influence .
Oded Burla was born on June 23 , 1915 in Jerusalem to a Sephardic Jewish family .
Oswald Tower ( November 23 , 1883 in North Adams , Massachusetts , USA -- May 28 , 1968 ) was an American basketball administrator and instructor at Phillips Academy Andover ( 1910 - 49 ) .
Firmin Abauzit was born of Huguenot parents November 11 , 1679 at Uzès , in Languedoc .
Marianne Merchez ( born 25 October 1960 in Uccle ) is a Belgian doctor from the Catholic University of Louvain and a former European Space Agency astronaut .
Shaul Elovitch ( Hebrew : שאול אלוביץ'‎ ; born 1949 , Poland ) - a Polish - born Israeli businessman and the owner of Eurocom Group , one of the largest private holding groups in Israel .
Tanna Frederick was born in Mason City , Iowa where her father David Frederick was a pharmacist and her mother Nancy Frederick was a nursing instructor .
Peleg Arnold ( 1751 - -1820 ) was a lawyer , tavern - keeper , jurist , and statesman from Smithfield , Rhode Island ( now North Smithfield ) .
Steven P. Schook ( b. 1953 in Mount Clemens , Michigan ) is a retired U.S. Army Brigadier General and former United Nations diplomat .
Charles Billich was born in Lovran , Croatia , what was then Italy .
Leone Strozzi ( 15 October 1515 -- 28 June 1554 ) was an Italian condottiero belonging to the famous Strozzi family of Florence .
Szymon Gąsiński ( born July 8 , 1983 in Łódź ) is a Polish footballer who most recently played for Cracovia .
Yelizaveta Tarakhovskaya ( born Parnokh ) was born in the city of Taganrog on July 26 , 1891 in a pharmacist 's family .
Jens Gaiser ( born August 15 , 1978 in Baiersbronn ) is a German nordic combined skier who has competed since 1998 .
Margaret Kennedy was born in Hyde Park Gate , London , the eldest of the four children of Charles Moore Kennedy ( 1857 - 1934 ) , a barrister , and his wife Ellinor Edith Marwood ( 1861 - -1928 ) .
William Gilbert Strang ( born November 27 , 1934 in Chicago ) , usually known as simply Gilbert Strang or Gil Strang , is an American mathematician , with contributions to finite element theory , the calculus of variations , wavelet analysis and linear algebra .
Joseph - Désiré Job ( born 1 December 1977 in Vénissieux , Rhône ) is a former French - born Cameroonian football striker .
David Goldenberg , later Dudu Topaz , was born in Haifa to Lilly and Eliyahu Goldenberg .
Ted Purves ( born 1964 in California ) is an American artist , educator , and independent Curator living in Oakland , California .
Marc Schmitz ( born 1963 in Hamburg ) is an artist and curator living in Berlin and Shanghai .
Luiz Alfredo Garcia Roza ( born 1936 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian professor and current novelist .
Serginho Greene ( Dutch pronunciation : ( sɛrˈdʒiɲoː ˈɡrin ) ; born 24 June 1982 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Indian club Delhi Dynamos .
Marcin Robak ( born November 29 , 1982 in Legnica ) is a Polish footballer ( striker ) playing currently for Lech Poznań .
Igor Sacharow - Ross ( born 1947 in Khabarovsk ) is a German - Russian visual artist who works in Cologne and Munich .
André Gedalge was born at 75 rue des Saints - Pères , in Paris , where he first worked as a bookseller and editor specializing in livres de prix for public schools .
Alfred Benjamin was born in Elberfeld , then a rapidly growing industrial town , today part of Wuppertal .
Coningsby Dawson ( 26 February 1883 - -10 August 1959 ) was an Anglo - American novelist and soldier , Canadian Field Artillery , born at High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , England .
Scott Franzke ( born March 6 , 1972 in Dallas , Texas ) is the radio Play - by - play voice of the Philadelphia Phillies .
Tomasz Budzyński ( born 2 October , 1962 in Tarnobrzeg ) is Polish musician , painter and poet , the lead vocalist of the band Armia .
Alan Gough ( born 10 March 1971 in Watford ) is an Irish football player and manager .
Sudabeh Mohafez ( Persian : سودابه محافظ‎‎ , born 1963 in Tehran , Iran ) is a German author .
Jo Bannister ( born 31 July 1951 in Rochdale , Lancashire ) is a British crime fiction novelist .
Faye Gulini ( born March 24 , 1992 ) is a professional American snowboarder born in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Giovanni Vavassori ( born January 16 , 1952 in Arcene , Bergamo ) is an Italian football manager and former centre back , last in charge of Verona .
Nicolas Haquin ( born 15 December 1980 in Léhon ) is a French footballer who plays as an attacker .
Tom Lister ( born 21 June 1978 in Ingleton , North Yorkshire ) is an English actor who is best known for his portrayal of villain Carl King in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale ( 2004 - -12 ) .
Yuan Mei was born in Qiantang ( 錢塘 , in modern Hangzhou ) , Zhejiang province , to a cultured family who had never before attained high office .
Jeff Hyslop ( born May 30 , 1951 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian musical theatre actor , singer , dancer , choreographer , and director .
Rhys Huber ( born June 24 , 1986 in North Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian voice actor .
Anna Vinnitskaya ( Russian : Анна Валерьевна Винницкая , born 4 August 1983 in Novorossiysk ) is a Russian pianist who won the 2007 Queen Elisabeth Music Competition .
Gwendoline Butler , née Williams ( 19 August 1922 in South London , England . 5 January 2013 ) was a British writer of mystery fiction and romance novels since 1956 , she also used the pseudonym Jennie Melville .
V. T. Vijayan is a film editor who works mainly in Malayalam and Tamil films .
Mikhail Suprun Михаил Николаевич Супрун ( born 5 April 1955 in Severodvinsk ) is a Russian historian and professor of the Pomor State University named after M. V. Lomonosov .
Luis Mariano was born in Irun , Spain on 13 August 1914 , the son of a garagiste and taxi - driver and showed interest in singing as a child .
Alice Coote was born in Frodsham , Cheshire , the daughter of the painter Mark Coote .
Leon Tol ( born 14 January 1987 in Volendam ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Rijnsburgse Boys .
Judith Wright was born in Armidale , New South Wales the eldest child of Phillip Wright and his first wife , Ethel , she spent most of her formative years in Brisbane and Sydney .
Daniel Lipman is a writer and producer from Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Berta Cabral was born in the parish of São José , in Ponta Delgada , daughter of Jacinto Joaquim Almeida and Maria da Conceição Correia de Almeida .
Duilio Agostini ( 8 April 1926 in Mandello del Lario -- 12 April 2008 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Azzouz Kara ( born July 5 , 1976 in Martigues ) is a French retired professional footballer of Algerian descent .
Aeschylus was born in c. 525 BC in Eleusis , a small town about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens , which is nestled in the fertile valleys of western Attica , though the date is most likely based on counting back forty years from his first victory in the Great Dionysia .
Zhong Hongyan ( born November 29 , 1978 in Tongxiang , Jiaxing , Zhejiang ) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since 1997 .
Francesco Caruso ( born July 16 , 1982 , in Allentown , Pennsylvania ) is an American soccer player who last played for USL Second Division side Harrisburg City Islanders .
Véronique Béliveau ( born January 24 , 1955 in Montreal , Quebec ) , originally Nicole Monique , is a Canadian actress and pop / rock singer who was nominated for a 1987 Juno Award for Female Vocalist of the Year .
Urmas Hepner ( born 31 July 1964 in Tallinn ) is a former Estonian footballer , who is currently coaching Levadia Tallinn 's reserves , as well as working in the club 's youth system .
Mikhail Lyubich ( born 25 February 1959 in Kharkiv ) is a mathematician who made important contribution to Holomorphic dynamics .
Jofré Llançol i Escrivà , ( b. c. 1390 - d. c. 1436 or 1437 ) , also known as Jofré de Borja y Escrivà and Jofré de Borja y Doms , was a Spanish noble from Xàtiva , Kingdom of Valencia in the town of Borja , Zaragoza .
Nelson Lee ( born October 16 , 1975 , in Taipei , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese born Canadian actor who co - starred in the only season of Blade :
Moussa Abdelmadjid Tahraoui Douma ( Arabic : عبدالمجيد طهراوي‎ ) ( born February 24 , 1981 in Chlef ) is an Algerian professional footballer .
Julio Cortázar was born on August 26 , 1914 , in Ixelles , a municipality of Brussels , Belgium .
Daniel Auster was born in Knihinin , a Galician town that is now a district of the city Ivano - Frankivsk , Ukraine .
Stephen Coombs ( born Birkenhead , July 11 , 1960 ) is one of Britain 's best known pianists and currently works with some of the world 's foremost orchestras and conductors , as well as performing as a solo artist .
Brian Gubby ( born 17 April 1934 in Epsom , Surrey ) is a British racehorse trainer and former racing driver from England .
Mezri Haddad ( born 2 July 1961 in Le Kram ) is a Tunisian journalist , writer , philosopher and diplomat .
Zsófia Bán ( * September 23 , 1957 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a writer , literary historian , art and literature critic .
Miles Joseph ( born May 2 , 1974 in West Springfield , Massachusetts ) is an American soccer manager and retired U.S. soccer player who earned three caps with the United States national soccer team .
Roberto Pinheiro da Silva ( born January 9 , 1983 in Parnamirim ) is a Brazilian cyclist riding for Funvic Soul Cycles--
Justin Scott ( born August 26 , 1986 ) , better known by his stage name Big K.R.I.T. , is an American rapper and record producer from Meridian , Mississippi .
Heerak Jyoti Mahanta ( Assamese : হীৰক জ্যোতি মহন্ত ) was the deputy C - in - C of ULFA , the banned terrorist outfit of Assam .
Niyazi was born on August 20 , 1912 in Tbilisi in a family of prominent Shusha musicians .
Annie Dookhan was born Annie Sadiyya Khan but took in San Fernando , Trinidad and Tobago in 1977 .
Julian Nash ( born March 1 , 1983 in Oakland , California ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Santa Clara Sporting Men 's Team in the Peninsula Soccer League and recently joined the prestigious coed varsity soccer club , The Lions , who have dominated Wednesday night soccer leagues in San Francisco for several years .
Louis Bryant Tuckerman , III ( November 28 , 1915 -- May 19 , 2002 ) was an American mathematician , born in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Mikheil Kobakhidze ( Georgian : მიხეილ კობახიძე ; born 5 April 1939 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian screenwriter , film director , actor and composer .
Günther Weidlinger ( born April 5 , 1978 in Braunau am Inn ) is an Austrian long - distance runner who is a former 3000 metres steeplechase specialist but now competes in the marathon .
Bülent Korkmaz ( born 24 November 1968 in Malatya ) , known by his nick names Büyük Kaptan and Cengaver --literally meaning Great Captain and The Warrior , respectively-- , is a retired Turkish football centre back and current football manager .
Jean Ralaimongo ( 1885 - -1944 ) was a teacher who came to prominence after campaigning to get the French government to give citizenship to the people of Madagascar .
He was born in Lille under the name of François Crespin , and entered the Carmelite order ( Ancient Observance ) in 1635 under the religious name of Franciscus Bonae Spei ( Brother Francis of Good Hope ) .
Johann Georg Ziesenis ( 1716 , Copenhagen - 4 March 1776 , Hannover ) was a German - Danish portrait painter .
Born in Fasa ( Fars Province ) to a politically active family , Mohsen Kadivar completed his primary and secondary education in Shiraz before being admitted into electronics engineering at Shiraz University in 1977 .
Adil Hermach ( Arabic : عادل هرماش‎ ; born 27 June 1986 in Nîmes ) is a Moroccan footballer .
Johann Baptist Beha ( 1815 - 1898 ) was a prestigious Black Forest clockmaker born in Oberbränd ( Eisenbach ) .
Ray Reyes León ( born March 13 , 1970 in New York City ) is an American - born Puerto Rican singer who is a former member of Menudo .
Daniil Sapljoshin ( born 1 January 1980 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian heavyweight kickboxer .
Robin Byrd ( born 6 April 1957 ) is an American former pornographic actress and the host of The Robin Byrd Show , which has appeared on Leased access cable television in New York City since 1977 .
Sergey Gorovoy ( born 1975 ) is a Kazakhstani water polo player from Shymkent .
Moon Lee Choi - Fung ( 李賽鳳 ; born 14 February 1965 ) is a former Hong Kong actress who frequently played roles related to the action and martial arts genres in TV serials and films .
Mário Cravo Neto ( Salvador , April 20 , 1947 -- Salvador , August 9 , 2009 ) was a Brazilian photographer , sculptor and draughtsman .
Raised by his grandmother , Mary Bratton , in New Castle , Delaware , near Wilmington , John Walter Bratton ( sometimes spelled Bratten ) was the son of John F. and Emma Bratton , of whom little is known .
Đặng Trần Côn was born in Nhân Mục village ( or Nhân Mọc ) , Thanh Trì district , ( now Nhân Chính ward , Thanh Xuân district ) , Hanoi , around 1705 - 1710 .
Cornelia Gröschel grew up as one of four children in an artistc family in Dresden .
Griselda Andreatini , better known by the stage name Gilda Mignonette ( Naples , 28 October 1890 - 8 June 1953 ) , was a Neapolitan singer of international fame in the early 20th Century .
Marcello Squarcialupi ( Piombino c.1538-Alba Iulia 1599 ) was an Italian physician , astronomer , and Protestant exile in Basel , then a Unitarian exile in Transylvania .
Viktor Löwenfeld ( Austria , birth date unknown ) , also spelled Victor Löwenfelt , was a former defending Austrian football player and trainer .
Ben Goodger ( born in London , England ) is a Software Engineer , formerly employee of Netscape Communications Corporation and the Mozilla Foundation and former lead developer of the Firefox web browser .
Alice Herz - Sommer , also known as Alice Sommer ( 26 November 1903 -- 23 February 2014 ) , was a Prague - born Jewish pianist , music teacher , and supercentenarian who survived Theresienstadt concentration camp .
Helen Joan Lowell ( November 23 , 1902-November 7 , 1967 ) was a movie actress of the silent film era from Berkeley , California .
Brian Abrahams ( born 26 June 1947 in Cape Town , South Africa ) is a jazz drummer and vocalist who started out working as a singer with local bands in South Africa .
Pierre - Henri Raphanel ( born 27 May 1961 in Algiers , Algeria ) is a former French racing driver .
Stephen Low ( born 1950 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter who works extensively in the IMAX and IMAX 3D film formats .
David Lockington ( born 1956 , Dartford ) is music director laureate of the Grand Rapids Symphony , a regional orchestra located in Grand Rapids , Michigan , U.S ..
Andrey Volkov ( born May 22 , 1986 in Chusovoy ) is a Russian freestyle skier , specializing in moguls .
Cui Ren ( Chinese : 崔仁 ; pinyin : Cuī Rén ; Hangul : 최인 ; born 19 January 1989 in Yanji ) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Yanbian Changbaishan in the Chinese Super League .
Joseph Reinagle , the son of a German musician resident in England , was born in Portsmouth in 1762 .
Etta Britt ( Melissa Prewitt , born Lancaster , Kentucky ) is a Nashville - based R&B , soul and blues vocalist .
Augustus Frederic Scott ( 1854 - -1936 ) a Norwich based Architect who was born in 1854 in the Breckland village of Rockland St Peter , Norfolk .
Harriet Shaw Weaver was born in Frodsham , Cheshire , the sixth of eight children of Frederic Poynton Weaver , a doctor , and Mary ( née Wright ) Weaver , a wealthy heiress .
Anton Fig ( born 8 August 1952 in Cape Town , South Africa ) , known as `` The Thunder from Down Under '' , is a South African / American session drummer , noted for his work in David Letterman 's house band , the CBS Orchestra .
Goran Đukić or Djukić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гopaн Ђукић ; born November 6 , 1970 in Banja Luka ) is a Bosnian Serb retired football player .
Normand Poirier was born to French Canadian parents Raoul Rene Poirier and Therese LaPointe Poirier in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Thomas Jeier ( born 24 April 1947 in Minden ) was raised in Frankfurt and started writing prose as a student .
Ernst Rüdin ( April 19 , 1874 in St. Gallen -- October 22 , 1952 ) was a Swiss - born German psychiatrist , geneticist , eugenicist and Nazi .
Eva Twardokens ( born April 28 , 1965 in Reno , Nevada ) is a former alpine ski racer .
Marc Acito ( born January 11 , 1966 in Bayonne , New Jersey ) is an award winning American playwright , novelist , and humorist .
Abu Mansur Mauhub al - Jawaliqi ( 1073 - -1145 ) , Arab grammarian , was born in Baghdad , where he studied philology under Tibrizi and became famous for his handwriting .
Benjamin Orr was born in Lakewood , Ohio to parents of Polish , Russian , Czechoslovakian and German descent , who actively supported his musical endeavors .
Hassan Kachloul ( Arabic : حسان كشلول‎ ) ( born 19 February 1973 in Agadir ) is a retired Moroccan footballer .
Born in Inglewood , California , to Leslie Burrell and Trent Grandberry , Omarion is the oldest of seven children .
Fan Lingjiang ( Chinese : 范凌江 ; born 8 October 1989 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua .
Arnaud Boiteau ( born 7 November 1973 in Angers ) is a French equestrian and Olympic champion .
Mishigiin Sonompil was born in Tes sum , Uvs Aimag ( province ) .
Felix von Hartmann was born in Münster , the child of the second marriage of government official Albert von Hartmann .
Shen Si ( Chinese : 申思 ) ( born 1 May 1973 in Shanghai ) is a former Chinese international footballer who played as a left midfielder where he gained a reputation for his technical and free kick skills , which saw him become a runner - up in the 2004 Free Kick Masters .
Tim Mertens ( born 7 February 1986 in Mechelen ) is a former Belgian professional racing cyclist .
Claudia Schoppmann ( b. 1958 , 17 February , in Stuttgart ) is a German historian and author .
Florian Süssmayr ( born 1963 in Munich ) is a German painter from Munich .
Sierra Fellers ( born December 30 , 1986 , Whitefish , Montana ) is a professional skateboarder , who skates for Venture Trucks , FKD Bearings , Bones Wheels , Rpm Auto Sales , Vestal Watches , Spirit Skateshop ( of Kalispell , Montana ) and CCS magazine .
Niccolò Paganini was born in Genoa , then capital of the Republic of Genoa , the third of the six children of Antonio and Teresa ( née Bocciardo ) Paganini .
Yannick Fischer , born 17 December 1974 in Sainte - Foy - la - Grande is a former French football player , last with Chamois Niortais .
Benny de Weille ( March 6 , 1915 , Lübeck - December 17 , 1977 , Westerland ) was a German swing jazz clarinetist and bandleader .
Nuno Resende is a Portuguese singer , born June 25 , 1973 in Porto , Portugal .
Robert Longo was born in 1953 in Brooklyn , New York and raised in Long Island .
Alexey Korolev ( Kazakh : Алексей Королев ) ( born June 20 , 1987 in Almaty , Soviet Union ) is a Kazakhstani ski jumper who has competed since 2004 .
Nazmi Gripshi ( born 5 July 1997 in Durrës ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga .
Johann August Ephraim Goeze ( 28 May 1731 - -27 June 1793 ) was a German zoologist from Aschersleben .
Nicholson Baker was born in 1957 in New York City and spent much of his youth in the Rochester , New York area .
Athanasios N. Miaoulis ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Ν. Μιαούλης , 1868 - 1932 ) was a Greek naval officer and politician , serving several times as Navy Minister and briefly as the Mayor of Piraeus .
John Pisto , also known as Chef John Pisto , ( born January 20 , 1940 ) is an American culinary arts chef and host of Monterey 's Cooking , a daily program which is aired five times a week on the AmericanLife ( ALN ) Network as well as the Comcast Cable Network .
Jüri Tamm ( born 5 February 1957 in Pärnu ) is a former Estonian hammer thrower .
Claire Sherman ( born 1981 , Oberlin , Ohio ) is an American painter currently living and working in New York City .
Tim Maia ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( tʃĩ majɐ ) ; September 28 , 1942 -- March 15 , 1998 ) , born Sebastião Rodrigues Maia in Rio de Janeiro city , was a Brazilian musician , songwriter and businessman known for his iconoclastic , ironic , outspoken , and humorous musical style .
Robert Stephen ( born 27 June 1984 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former professional snooker player .
( Mrs. ) Karle Wilson Baker ( 1878 - -1960 ) was an American poet and author , born in Little Rock , Ark. to Kate Florence Montgomery Wilson and William Thomas Murphey Wilson .
Hasan Turkmani was born in Aleppo in 1935 into a Turkmen family .
Irina Cherniaeva ( Russian : Ирина Черняева ; born October 29 , 1955 in Moscow ) is a Russian pair skater who competed for the Soviet Union .
Iris Kroes ( born 11 November 1992 in Drachten ) is a Dutch singer - songwriter and harpist ( She was called Harpmeisje ( Dutch for Harp Girl ) ) .
Born in Leinster , Deicolus studied at Bangor .
Vladislav Ardzinba was born in the village of Lower Eshera , Sukhumi District , Abkhaz ASSR , Georgian SSR , Soviet Union .
John Catsimatidis was born on the Greek island of Nisyros on September 7 , 1948 .
Sophie Duarte ( born 31 July 1981 in Rodez , Aveyron ) is a French runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Susan Seidelman ( born December 11 , 1952 , Philadelphia ) is an American film director , producer and writer .
Kevin DeYoung was born in South Holland , Illinois and largely grew up in Jenison , Michigan where his parents worked with Christian radio .
Otto Felix Kanitz ( * 5 February 1894 , in Vienna ; † 29 March 1940 , in Buchenwald ) was an Austrian socialist , journalist and educator .
Łukasz Michalski ( born August 2 , 1988 in Bydgoszcz ) is a retired Polish pole vaulter .
Serhiy Kovalyov ( Ukrainian : Сергій Миколайович Ковальов ; 21 November 1971 in Donetsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) was a Ukrainian professional footballer and currently is football manager .
Susan Deacon ( born 2 February 1964 , Musselburgh ) is a Scottish public figure who operates across the spheres of education , business , and the not - for - profit sector , and is an independent adviser on public policy , governance and strategic leadership .
Shmuel Niger was born Shmuel Ṭsharni on 15 June 1883 in Dukora , a small village in Minsk Governorate , to Zev Volf and Brokhe Tsharni ( née Hurwitz ) .
Alice Catherine Evans was born on a farm in Neath , Bradford County , Pennsylvania to William Howell , a farmer and surveyor , and Anne B. Evans , a teacher .
Tommy Moroney ( 10 November 1923 in Cork , Ireland -- 2 May 1981 ) is a former Irish soccer and rugby union player .
Mie Nakao ( Japanese : 中尾 ミエ ; Kokura , 6 June 1946 ) is a Japanese actress and singer .
Smith Wigglesworth was born on 8 June 1859 in Menston , Yorkshire , England , to an impoverished family .
Philippe Nicolet , born January 4 , 1953 in Lausanne , is a Swiss film director of both documentaries and fiction .
Aymer de Valence , 2nd Earl of Pembroke ( c. 1275 -- 23 June 1324 ) was a Franco - English nobleman .
Hubert Bourdot ( 30 October 1861 -- 30 September 1937 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and mycologist who was a native of Imphy , a community in the department of Nièvre .
Raphi Cohen ( in Hebrew : רפי כהן , born 1975 Jerusalem ) is an Israeli chef .
Froma Harrop ( born March 18 , 1950 in New York City ) is an American writer and author .
Patricia A. Madrid ( born 1947 ) is an American politician and the former Attorney General for the U.S. state of New Mexico .
Frank De Bleeckere ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈfrɑŋk də ˈbleːkərə ) , born 1 July 1966 in Oudenaarde ) is a Belgian former football referee .
Rolf Magener was born in Odessa on 3 August 1910 to a German businessman father and a Russian mother .
Charles Mortram Sternberg was born in Lawrence , Kansas , from a family of famous American fossil collectors .
Rainis was born on `` Varslavāni '' farm , Dunava parish in Jēkabpils municipality .
Hans Heinrich XV von Hochberg ( Polish : Jan Henryk XV , 23 April 1861 - 31 January 1938 ) was Prince of Pless ( Pszczyna ) , Count von Hochberg and Baron of Fürstenstein ( Książ ) .
Márcio Diogo Lobato Rodrigues or simply Márcio Diogo ( born September 22 , 1985 in Pinheiro - MA ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder , currently playing for São Bernardo .
Romain Sicard ( born 1 January 1988 in Bayonne ) is a French professional racing cyclist , for Team Europcar .
Jack Splash is an American recording artist , musician , songwriter , and record producer from the Los Angeles , California area .
Antonio Carafa was born in Naples to Rinaldo I Carafello Carafa , a local patrician , and Giovanna of the signori of Montefalcone .
Aleksa Gajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Алекса Гајић , born May 20 , 1974 , Belgrade ) is a Serbian comics artist and film director .
Pavle Đurišić was born on 9 July 1909 in Podgorica , Principality of Montenegro , where he was raised until the death of his father Ilija .
Rayford Barnes ( October 23 , 1920 - November 11 , 2000 ) was an American film and TV character actor from Whitesboro , Texas who appeared in films , mainly westerns , such as Hondo , The Burning Hills , Fort Massacre , The Wild Bunch , The Hunting Party , and Cahill U.S. Marshal .
Kevin Randall ( born 20 August 1945 in Ashton - under - Lyne , England ) is a former footballer and manager and currently chief scout at Leeds United .
Thomas Jefferson was born on April 13 , 1743 ( April 2 , 1743 OS ) , at the family home in Shadwell in the Colony of Virginia , the third of ten children .
Frank Hahn was born on 26 April 1925 in Berlin to Czech parents .
Hugo Rifkind was born 1977 in Edinburgh , the son of Conservative Party politician , Malcolm and his wife Edith Rifkind .
Merily Toom ( born 20 August 1994 ) is an Estonian football player , who plays as a striker for Naiste Meistriliiga club Flora Tallinn and the Estonia women 's national football team .
Billy Ohlsson ( born 13 January 1954 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish football commentator , former football manager and former footballer .
Lazăr Comănescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈlazər koməˈnesku ) ; born 6 June 1949 , in Horezu , Vâlcea County ) is a Romanian diplomat .
Mir Sayyid Ali ( Tabriz , 1510 - -1572 ) was a Persian illustrator and painter .
François Van der Elst ( born 1 December 1954 in Opwijk ) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a right winger .
Jan Felix Knobel ( born 16 January 1989 in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe ) is a German decathlete .
Bruno Deletré ( born on 30 April 1961 in Valenciennes ) is a French banker and high - ranking official .
Josef Kyrle ( 8 December 1880 -- 1926 ) was an Austrian pathologist and dermatologist who was a native of Schärding .
Marcin Sasal ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmar.t͡ɕin ˈsa.sal ) ; born 22 December 1970 in Skarżysko - Kamienna ) is a Polish football manager and former footballer .
Fredrik Isaksson ( born 1971 , in Stockholm ) , also known as `` Fredda '' or `` Flap '' , is a Swedish bass gitarrist in Denied .
Sarah Jessica Parker was born in Nelsonville , Ohio , the daughter of Barbara Parker ( née Keck ) , a nursery school operator and teacher , and Stephen Parker , an entrepreneur and journalist .
Omar Belatoui ( Arabic : عمر بلعطوي‎ ; born in September 4 , 1969 in Oran ) is an Algerian football manager and former player .
Reinhold Würth ( born 20 April 1935 in Öhringen , Württemberg ) is a German businessman and art collector .
Deborah Carthy - Deu was born on January 5 , 1966 in the Santurce district of San Juan , Puerto Rico to Ramón Carthy Sanchez and Vicky Sanz Deu , of Irish and of Puerto Rican descent .
Frej Liewendahl ( 22 October 1902 , Jomala -- 31 January 1966 ) was a Finnish track and field athlete .
Eva Bosáková - Hlaváčková , née Věchtová ( 18 December 1931 in Mladá Boleslav -- 10 November 1991 in Prague ) was a Czech gymnast whose career spanned at least from the 1954 World Championships to the 1962 World Championships .
Ravindra Rupasena ( Sinhala:රවීන්ද්‍ර රූපසේන ) was one of Sri Lanka 's popular Sri Lankan film actors in 1950s .
Sven Kums ( 26 February 1988 in Asse ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays in the Belgian Pro League for Gent .
Johnny Lozada Correa ( born December 21 , 1967 in Caguas , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican singer , actor , host , and television personality .
Vito Genovese was born on November 27 , 1897 , in Risigliano , a frazione in the commune of Tufino , near Naples , in Italy .
Domingo Mercante ( June 11 , 1898 -- February 21 , 1976 ) was an Argentine military officer and governor of the province of Buenos Aires .
Jörg Waschinski ( Berlin , 1966 ) is a German countertenor .
Santo Araniti ( Reggio Calabria , April 25 , 1947 ) is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type criminal organisation in Calabria .
Maurice A. de Gosson ( born 13 March 1948 ) , ( also known as Maurice Alexis de Gosson de Varennes ) is an Austrian mathematician and mathematical physicist , born in 1948 in Berlin .
Lowell Steward ( February 25 , 1919 -- December 17 , 2014 ) was born in Los Angeles and was a member of the Tuskegee Airmen who flew missions during World War II . For his service , he received the Distinguished Flying Cross and other medals .
Britt Max Mayfield ( born September 19 , 1948 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) is a meteorologist who served as the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007 .
Francisco Rithely da Silva Sousa , born in Maranhão , is a Brazilian footballer .
Janet Benshoof ( born 1947 , in Detroit Lakes , Minnesota ) is an American human rights lawyer , and President of the Global Justice Center .
Nicolae Pantea ( born 12 February 1946 in Beliu , Arad County ) is a Romanian former football player and manager , a glory of Steaua Bucureşti .
Godefroid Kurth ( 11 May 1847 , Arlon -- 4 January 1916 ) was a celebrated Belgian historian .
Tom Mangold was born in Hamburg and came to Britain as a child , attending Dorking County Grammar School .
Rubén Martínez Villena was a Cuban writer and revolutionary leader , born on December 20 , 1899 in Alquízar , in the La Habana province .
Steve Franks is an American screenwriter and musician based in Orange County , California .
Born in Copenhagen , Andreas Møller was the first Danish painter of international standing .
Emo of Friesland ( ca . 1175 , probably in Fivelingo - 1237 , Wittewierum ) was a Frisian scholar , and the earliest foreign student studying at Oxford University whose name has survived .
Ken Medema ( born Kenneth Peter Medema on December 7 , 1943 , in Grand Rapids , Michigan ) is a composer - singer - songwriter who has been performing in the United States , Canada , and Europe for more than forty years .
Benjamin Bosse ( November 1 , 1875 -- April 22 , 1922 ) was the mayor of Evansville , Indiana , from 1912 until his death in 1922 .
Alexandre Vauthier ( born 30 November 1971 in Agen ) is a French haute couture fashion designer .
Benz Antoine ( born Rubens Antoine on June 22 , 1972 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Haitian - Canadian television and movie actor .
Robert J. Shaw ( born in Pewaukee , Wisconsin ) was an American television writer with 39 credits and teacher of screenwriting at UCLA .
Michel Bissonnet , MNA ( born March 28 , 1942 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician who served as Liberal member and President ( House Speaker ) of the National Assembly of Quebec .
Stéphane Samson ( born September 3 , 1975 in Bernay ) is a French football ( soccer ) striker .
Stephan Schulz - Winge ( born September 13 , 1974 , in Neuss ) is a German former footballer .
Rama Narayanan was an MLA from the Karaikudi constituency in 1989 and the chairman of Iyal Isai Nataka Mandram in 1996 .
Mary Ritter Beard ( August 5 , 1876 , Indianapolis , Indiana -- August 14 , 1958 ) was an American historian and archivist , who played an important role in the women 's suffrage movement and was a lifelong advocate of social justice through educational and activist roles in both the labor and woman 's rights movements .
Ismail Mahmoud Mardanli ( Arabic : اسماعيل محمود ماردنلي ‎ ) ( born January 8 , 1987 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Umm Salal in the Qatar Stars League .
Andrea Vötter ( born April 3 , 1995 in Brixen ) is an Italian luger .
Libero Andreotti ( June 18 , 1875 , Pescia -- April 4 , 1933 ) was an Italian sculptor , illustrator and ceramics artist .
Danny Lau Dan ( Chinese : 劉丹 ; born 18 November 1942 ) is a Hong Kong actor .
Philip Delano was baptized in the Waloon church of Leiden , Holland on November 6 , 1603 .
René Strehler ( born April 13 , 1934 in Affoltern am Albis ) is a Swiss former professional racing cyclist .
Maria Hart ( born May 28 , 1923 , Los Angeles , California died August 9 , 2012 , Canoga Park , California ) was an actress under contract to MGM from 1941 to 1948 .
Ricardo Rossel Sirot ( 12 May 1841 in Lima -- 6 December 1909 in Barranco ) was a Peruvian author , poet , politician , scholar , and entrepreneur , and the founder of the Club Literario de Lima .
Jesper Bank ( born 6 April 1957 in Fredericia ) is a Danish sailor and Olympic champion .
Joydeep Karmakar ( born December 7 , 1979 in Kolkata , West Bengal ) is an Indian shooter .
Courtney George ( born June 24 , 1986 ) is an American curler from Duluth , Minnesota .
Carl Lebrecht Udo Dammer ( born January 8 , 1860 in Apolda , died November 15 , 1920 in Großrambin near Kołobrzeg ) was a German botanist .
Enrique Peñalosa Londoño ( born September 30 , 1954 , Washington , D.C. ) is a Colombian politician who was mayor of Bogotá from 1998 until 2001 , and was re - elected in 2015 for the 2016 - -2019 term .
Soledad Fandiño ( born 7 April 1982 , Flores , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine stage , television and film actress .
Pedro Portugal ( Castelo Branco , 12 August 1963 ) is a Portuguese artist , with a wide production .
Major - General Sir John Frederick Maurice ( 1841 - -1912 ) was an English soldier , born in London .
Huang Yongsheng was born in Xianning prefecture ( now , prefecture - level city ) of Hubei province .
Wu Yuyin ( Chinese : 吴禹寅 ; Pinyin : Wú Yǔyín ; born 8 January 1990 in Liuzhou ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Yifang in the China League One .
Virgil Spier ( born January 8 , 1981 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch athlete who started at the decathlon , but who is currently active mainly as a sprinter and a hurdler .
Pasquale Foti ( 3 February 1950 in Reggio Calabria ) is an entrepreneur , and president of Reggina Calcio .
Gregson Hazell ( born 31 December 1991 ) is a Vincentian footballer and a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines U-20 international , and also plays for the senior team .
Plaxico Burress , named after his uncle , was born to Vicki Burress ( now deceased ) in Norfolk , Virginia , United States .
Stephen Hague ( born Portland , Maine , 1953 ) is an American music producer most active with various British acts in the 1980s .
Thomas W. Lynch ( born February 25 , 1956 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American television series creator and executive producer who is the head of his own production company , Tom Lynch Company ( previously Lynch Entertainment which is owned by Lynch Pictures ) based in Los Angeles , CA .
He was born Joseph Cotter Smith in Washington , D.C. , the son of Madeline ( née Cotter ) and John Lewis Smith , Jr. , who was a federal judge .
Christian Knaut ( August 16 , 1656 -- April 11 , 1716 ) was a German physician , botanist and librarian born in Halle an der Saale .
Felix Schramm ( * 1970 in Hamburg ) is a German artist who lives and works in Düsseldorf .
Don Ewell ( November 14 , 1916 -- August 9 , 1983 ) was an American jazz stride pianist born in Baltimore , Maryland , perhaps best known for his work with several prominent New Orleans -- based musicians such as Sidney Bechet , Kid Ory , George Lewis , George Brunis , Muggsy Spanier and Bunk Johnson .
Manopsak Kram ( born 27 November 1988 in Alor Setar , Kedah ) is a Malaysian footballer and younger brother of footballer Samransak Kram .
Born in Patty Hill , Hanover , Jamaica , to parents who are both preachers , Doña Croll moved to the UK at the age of five .
José Bravo Domínguez ( 18 November 1916 -- 1993 ) was a Spanish footballer born in Ceuta , 18 November 1916 .
Kostas Giotas , ( Greek : Κώστας Γιώτας ; ) born 18 February 1980 in Trikala , Thessalia , is a Greek professional football player who last played as a Centre Back for AEL 1964 FC .
Friedrich Gottlob Keller ( born June 27 , 1816 in Hainichen , Saxony -- died September 8 , 1895 in Krippen , Saxony ) was a German machinist and inventor , who ( at the same time as Charles Fenerty ) invented the wood pulp process for the use in papermaking .
Kevin Trabalka ( born 28 November 1996 in Arad ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a Striker for Liga II club Râmnicu Vâlcea on loan from Dinamo București .
Lucas Cruz Senra ( born on 26 December 1974 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish computer engineer , mostly known as a rally racing co - driver and experienced navigator .
Jeff Noon ( born 1957 in Droylsden , Greater Manchester , England ) is a novelist , short story writer and playwright whose works make use of word play and fantasy .
Jesús Manuel Ramos Otero was born in Manatí , Puerto Rico , and spent his childhood in his home town , living in the second location of the old building of the Puerto Rican Casino of Manatí .
Dinarchus or Dinarch ( Greek : Δείναρχος ; Corinth , c. 361 -- c. 291 BCE ) was a logographer ( speech writer ) in Ancient Greece .
Morey Feld ( August 15 , 1915 -- March 28 , 1971 ) was an American jazz drummer born in Cleveland , Ohio , perhaps best known for his work with the bands of Ben Pollack ( 1936 ) , Benny Goodman ( 1943 - -1945 ) , Eddie Condon ( 1946 ) , Bobby Hackett and Billy Butterfield .
Roberto Carlos Mario Gómez ( born February 27 , 1957 in Mar del Plata ) is a football manager and former Argentine footballer who is the current head coach of Johor Darul Takzim FC in Malaysian Super League .
Romik Khachatryan ( Armenian : Ռոմիկ Խաչատրյան , born on 23 August 1978 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian retired football player .
Leandro Gelpi ( born 27 February 1991 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who currently plays for Racing Club de Montevideo on loan from Peñarol .
Brett Beavers ( born in Waco , Texas ) , is an American country music songwriter and producer and the co - author of the book Something Worth Leaving Behind .
Nikola Vasilić ( born January 30 , 1989 in Belgrade , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian footballer who most recently played for San Antonio Scorpions in the North American Soccer League .
Ernest Ačkun was born in Hrastnik , Slovenia , which was then part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Gemma Craven 's family moved from Dublin to England in 1960 , and she attended the same school as Helen Mirren , St Bernard 's Convent High School for Girls in Westcliff - on - Sea in Essex .
Stepan Sarkisyan ( Armenian : Ստէփան Սարգսյան , born September 15 , 1962 in Vanadzor , Armenian SSR ) is a former Freestyle wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent .
Robert Karplus was born in Vienna , where he lived until the German occupation of Austria in 1938 .
Anti Kuus ( born December 29 , 1956 in Saaremaa ) is an Estonian entrepreneur and photographer .
Maung Maung Ta ( Mohammed Shafi Ata Sherazee haj ) was born on January 9 , 1926 in Mandalay , Upper Burma .
Angus Stone was born on 27 April 1986 and grew in Sydney .
Wesley Cotton ( born 9 June 1977 in Wigan ) is an English former professional rugby league footballer .
Georges Fragerolle was born on 11 March 1855 in Paris , the son of wealthy merchants .
Gaspard Goyrand ( 1803 - 1866 ) was a French general practitioner , surgeon and politician from Aix - en - Provence .
Frances Wisebart Jacobs ( March 29 , 1843 -- November 3 , 1892 ) was born in Harrodsburg , Kentucky , to Bavarian immigrants and raised in Cincinnati , Ohio .
The Dwarves of Rockhome was written by Aaron Allston , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1988 as a 96-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder .
Collier Books , 1962 , 190 pp . OCLC 297464 The Heart of the Serpent .
The Journal of Clinical Oncology is a peer - reviewed medical journal published 3 times a month by the American Society of Clinical Oncology .
Biological Trace Element Research is a journal established in 1979 and published by Springer Science+Business Media .
Virtua Tennis 2 ( known as Tennis 2K2 in the United States and Power Smash 2 in Japan ) is a sequel to Virtua Tennis that was released for the Sega Dreamcast , Sega NAOMI arcade unit and Sony 's PlayStation 2 ( known as Sega Sports Tennis ) in 2001 .
Evidence - Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine is an open - access peer - reviewed medical journal covering alternative medicine published by Hindawi Publishing Corporation .
The Wisconsin Law Review ( Bluebook abbreviation : Wis. L. Rev. ) is a bimonthly law review published by students at the University of Wisconsin Law School .
Putt & Putter is a miniature golf game released for the Sega Master System in April 1992 and Sega Game Gear in December 1991 .
Biochemistry and Cell Biology is a bi - monthly , peer - reviewed scientific journal of biochemistry and cell biology established in 1964 by NRC Research Press .
Silent Assault is an unlicensed game created for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Joy Van and published by Color Dreams .
Awesomenauts was announced for Xbox Live Arcade and Playstation Network on May 19 , 2011 in a press release from publisher dtp entertainment .
Plena Vortaro de Esperanto ( PV ; English : Complete Dictionary of Esperanto ) is a monolingual dictionary of the Esperanto language first published by the Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda ( SAT ) in 1930 , largely considered the first truly comprehensive dictionary written entirely in Esperanto .
Paris 1313 is a video game released in 2001 , developed by Dramaera and is a co - production between Canal+ Multimedia , RMN and Microïds .
The Journal of Clinical Pathology is a peer - reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pathology , published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the Association of Clinical Pathologists .
Potty Painter is a computer game for the ZX Spectrum and released by Rabbit Software in 1983 .
The Annals of Applied Statistics is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics , covering all areas of statistics , featuring papers in the applied half of this range .
LaVey 's estranged daughter Zeena Schreck , in an exposé about both her father 's religion and past , attributes the birth of The Satanic Bible to a suggestion by Peter Mayer , a publisher for Avon .
Bassin 's Black Bass with Hank Parker , known in Japan as Super Black Bass 2 ( スーパーブラックバス２ ) is a 1994 tournament - based fishing video game developed by Starfish and published by Hot B for the Super NES .
The Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential is published by the Union of International Associations ( UIA ) under the direction of Anthony Judge .
European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience is a peer - reviewed medical journal published 8 times a year by Springer Science+Business Media .
Tomcat Alley is an interactive movie FMV video game developed by The Code Monkeys for Sega CD .
The World of Null - A appeared originally as a 1945 serial in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction , which was edited by John W. Campbell , Jr. Van Vogt revised and shortened the tale for the 1948 novel release by Simon & Schuster .
Time Commando is an action - adventure computer and video game developed by Adeline Software and published by Electronic Arts in Europe , Activision in America ( United States and Brazil ) , and Virgin Interactive ( PlayStation version ) and Acclaim Entertainment ( Sega Saturn version ) in Japan .
Sub Command , subtitled Akula Seawolf 688(I ) is a submarine simulator computer game designed by Sonalysts Combat Simulations and published for Windows systems by Strategy First in 2001 .
The Sea Around Us is a prize - winning and best - selling book by the American marine biologist Rachel Carson , first published as a whole by Oxford University Press in 1951 .
Rot & Ruin is a science fiction novel written by Jonathan Maberry and published by Simon & Schuster , set in the post - zombie apocalypse .
The Ring of Charon is a science fiction book by American writer Roger MacBride Allen , first published in 1990 by Tor Books .
Cities of the Sun was written by Rich Baker , and was published by TSR in 1995 .
Anglican & Episcopal History is published quarterly ( March , June , September , and December ) by the Historical Society of the Episcopal Church , based in Austin , Texas .
Elder Evils was authored by Robert J. Schwalb , with Jason Bulmahn , Greg Gorden , James Jacobs , Rhiannon Louve , Michael McArtor , and Anthony Pryor , and published by Wizards of the Coast in December 2007 .
It was released in North America on May 26 , 2009 by Atlus under the title Crimson Gem Saga , and was released in Japan under the title Garnet Chronicle by Sega .
The Quest Trio is a video game for the Nintendo DS . It was published by Activision in 2008 .
The Journal of Physical Organic Chemistry is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal , published since 1988 by John Wiley & Sons .
Dead End in Norvelt is an autobiographical novel by the American author Jack Gantos , published by Farrar , Straus and Giroux in 2011 .
FIFA Football 2003 , known as FIFA Soccer 2003 in North America , is an association football video game produced by Electronic Arts and released by EA Sports .
Ultimate Card Games is a game created by Telegames for the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS platforms .
The Shroud of the Thwacker is a 2005 novel written by American author Chris Elliott and published by the Miramax Books in the United States .
`` Holidays on Ice '' was re - released in October 2008 by publisher , Little , Brown & Company .
The Doom Brigade is the first book in the Kang 's Regiment series / The Chaos War series of the Dragonlance novels , written by Margaret Weis and Don Perrin , and is published by Wizards of the Coast .
Dumb Witness is a detective fiction novel by British writer Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 5 July 1937 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company later in the same year under the title of Poirot Loses a Client .
The Journal of Food Science is a peer - reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1936 and is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Institute of Food Technologists in Chicago , Illinois .
The Canadian Geotechnical Journal has been published since 1963 by NRC Research Press .
The Murder House Trilogy is a three - part detective fiction mini - series in The Hardy Boys Undercover Brothers , published by Aladdin Paperbacks ( an imprint of Simon & Schuster ) .
Chuzzle is a tile - matching puzzle video game created by Raptisoft Games , and published by PopCap Games .
The Sinister Sign Post ( later retitled The Sinister Signpost ) is Volume 15 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap .
The Journal of Business was an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press .
The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science was published in November 1909 in New York by Doubleday , Page & Company .
Very Bad Deaths ( Baen Books , 2004 , ISBN 0 - 7434 - 8861-X ) , is a science - fiction / suspense - mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson .
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins , Sons and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company on 19 June 1956 .
Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation is a theme anthology of science fiction stories edited by Groff Conklin , published in hardcover by Vanguard Press in 1955 .
Oral Surgery , Oral Medicine , Oral Pathology , and Oral Radiology is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal that covers research in oral surgery , medicine , pathology , radiology , and endodontics published by Mosby .
The volumes of Likkutei Sichos are published by the Lubavitch Publication House Kehot Publication Society .
From Bauhaus to Our House was excerpted in Harper 's magazine and published by Wolfe 's long - time publisher Farrar , Straus & Giroux in 1981 .
Elite Beat Agents is a music video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Marvel Premiere is an American comic book anthology series published by American company Marvel Comics .
Ninja Five - O , known in PAL regions as Ninja Cop , is a video game for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance , released by Konami in 2003 .
Mass Spectrometry Reviews ( usually abbreviated as Mass Spectrom . Rev. ) , is a peer - reviewed scientific journal , published since 1982 by John Wiley & Sons .
Darby the Dragon is a children 's PC video game developed by Capitol Multimedia , Inc. , published by Brøderbund and released in 1996 .
Although single - author story collections generally sell poorly , The Martian Way and Other Stories did well enough that Doubleday science fiction editor Walter I. Bradbury was willing to publish a second collection , Earth Is Room Enough , in 1957 .
A Life of Contrasts is an international bestseller by Diana Mitford ( sister of novelist Nancy Mitford , journalist Jessica Mitford , and memoirist Deborah , Duchess of Devonshire ) that was first published by Hamish Hamilton in 1977 .
ChemPhysChem is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley - VCH on behalf of eight out of sixteen chemical societies that form the ChemPubSoc Europe consortium .
Space Monster ( known as Alien Invaders - Plus ! in North America ) is one of the games for the Philips Magnavox Odyssey² , a console released in the 1970s as part of second - generation video game consoles .
Cabela 's Monster Bass is a fishing video game published by Activision Value for the PlayStation 2 .
The Border Legion is a 1916 Western novel written by Zane Grey , first published by Harper & Brothers in 1916 .
MX vs. ATV Reflex is an off - road racing video game developed by Rainbow Studios and published by THQ .
Skool Daze is a computer game released by Microsphere in 1984 for the ZX Spectrum and Commodore 64 computers .
R.I.P.D. The Game is a co - op third - person shooter video game developed by Old School Games and published by Atlus .
The Indian Journal of Dental Research is a peer - reviewed open - access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Dental Research .
Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair is a fantasy novel by William Morris , perhaps the first modern fantasy writer to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural , and thus the precursor of much of present - day fantasy literature .
Gunfright is an arcade adventure video game developed by Ultimate Play the Game and published by U.S. Gold .
The Prisoner of Chillion was first published as The Prisoner of Chillon and Other Poems by John Murray on 5 December 1816 .
Dizzy Panic ! ( also known as Panic Dizzy ) is a puzzle video game published in 1990 by Codemasters for the Amstrad CPC , ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Sega Master System and the Sega Game Gear .
FIFA Soccer 95 is a 1994 sports video game developed by EA Canada 's Extended Play Productions team and published by Electronic Arts .
The American Journal of Education is published quarterly by the University of Chicago Press .
When Hodder & Stoughton republished The Happy Highwayman in 1963 , however , some updates were done to parts of the texts .
Texas Journal on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights ( Bluebook abbreviation : Tex . J. C.L. & C.R. ) is a biannual student - produced law review at the University of Texas School of Law ( Austin , TX , United States ) .
Mat Hoffman 's Pro BMX is a BMX video game endorsed by Mat Hoffman and published by Activision .
On October 27 , 2009 , Konami announced Frogger Returns being released on WiiWare and PlayStation Network .
The Seattle Journal for Social Justice is a peer - reviewed student - edited law journal of the Seattle University School of Law .
The Horns of Elfland was first published in April 1997 by Roc Books in paperback format .
Studies in Intelligence is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal on intelligence that is published by the Center for the Study of Intelligence , a group within the United States Central Intelligence Agency .
Tarr Chronicles is a space combat simulation game developed by Quazar Studio and Akella and published by Paradox Interactive ( AUS ) and cdv Software .
Super Cars is a top - view racing game from Gremlin Interactive , who later produced the Lotus series of games .
Christie Malry 's Own Double - Entry was first published in 1973 by William Collins , Sons and Co. Ltd. It has since then been reprinted twice by New Directions , in 1985 and 2009 respectively .
The Florida Review is a national , non - profit literary journal published twice a year by the College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Central Florida .
WWF Attitude is a professional wrestling video game based on the World Wrestling Federation ( now WWE ) released by Acclaim Entertainment in 1999 for the PlayStation and Nintendo 64 .
The Resurrectionists was first published in Australia in 200 by HarperCollins in trade paperback format .
Besides , Battle of the Immortals is published by Joygame in Turkey since July , 2012 .
Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym `` Robert Markham '' .
Dead Reefs is a game , developed by Streko - Graphics and published by The Adventure Company .
Optics Communications is a peer - reviewed rapid - publication scientific journal published by Elsevier .
Dead Girls is the début novel by British science fiction author Richard Calder , and was first published in the UK in 1992 ( HarperCollins ) and 1995 in the US ( St Martin 's Press ) .
Kong Strikes Back ! is a video game published by Ocean Software in 1985 for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum .
Early Music History is a peer - reviewed academic journal published annually by Cambridge University Press , which specialises in the study of music from the early Middle Ages to the end of the 17th century .
Election Law Journal is a quarterly peer - reviewed law journal published by Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. covering legal issues related to elections and voting rights .
Nature Neuroscience is a monthly scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group .
Journal of Vietnamese Studies is a peer - reviewed quarterly journal published by University of California Press , in Berkeley , California .
Over Sea , Under Stone is a contemporary fantasy novel written for children by the English author Susan Cooper , first published in London by Jonathan Cape in 1965 .
The present publisher is the Texas State Historical Association , which acquired the Texas Almanac as a gift from the A. H. Belo Corporation on May 5 , 2008 .
Fuzzy Sets and Systems is a peer - reviewed international scientific journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Fuzzy Systems Association ( IFSA ) and was founded in 1978 .
The Sexes Throughout Nature is a book written by Antoinette Brown Blackwell , published by G. P. Putnam 's Sons in 1875 .
The Pregnant Widow is a novel by the English writer Martin Amis , published by Jonathan Cape on 4 February 2010 .
Turbo Esprit is a video game published by Durell Software in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , and Amstrad CPC .
Plastic Man ( real name Patrick `` Eel '' O'Brian ) is a fictional comic book superhero originally published by Quality Comics and later acquired by DC Comics .
The Lost Squire of Inglewood is an Adventure story book of Thomas Jackson published in 1905 by Thomas Nelson and Sons , Ltd. A review in The Sydney Mail explained that the book is about the adventures of two boys who run away from school and discover hidden tunnels in the forest from the days of Robin Hood .
Once More the Saint is a collection of three interrelated mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris , first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in January 1933 .
Tigerz is a videogame in the Petz series , released by Ubisoft in February 2008 for the Nintendo DS . It was released after Petz 5 , and is therefore part of the second Petz series .
The Pacific Journal of Mathematics ( ISSN 0030 - 8730 ) is a mathematics research journal supported by a number of American , Asian and Australian universities and research institutes , and currently published on their behalf by Mathematical Sciences Publishers , a non - profit academic publishing organisation .
Interstellar Pig , published in 1984 by Bantam Books , is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator .
Sangokushi Internet ( 三國志 Internet ) is Koei 's first online video game based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms series .
It is the first game in Acclaim Entertainment 's NFL Quarterback Club series .
The Dead Father is a post - modernist novel by author Donald Barthelme published in 1975 by Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
Age of Elements was a fighting video game developed by the newly created studio Steamroll and intended to be published by Atari for Sony 's PlayStation Portable .
Eternal Champions is a fighting game developed by Sega Interactive in 1993 .
Midst Toil and Tribulation is the sixth book in the Safehold science fiction novel series by David Weber and published by Tor Books on September 18 , 2012 .
The American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal and an official publication of the American Thoracic Society .
The Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences ( until 1962 titled Journal of Meteorology ) is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society .
Chapman & Hall published Beauchamp 's Career in 3 volumes at the end of 1875 , though on the imprint the date was given as 1876 .
Hoppin ' Mad is an arcade - style computer game released in 1988 by Elite Systems .
The Journal of Thrombosis and Haemostasis ( JTH ) ( print : ISSN 1538 - 7933 , online : ISSN 1538 - 7836 ) is the official medical journal published by Wiley - Blackwell for the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis .
The ZEFQ - Zeitschrift für Evidenz , Fortbildung und Qualität i m Gesundheitswesen ( English : Journal of Evidence and Quality in Healthcare ) is a bilingual German and English language peer - reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier Germany .
The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India is a book that was published by publisher and historian Sita Ram Goel under his Voice of India imprint in 1982 .
Crosswords DS ( also known as CrossworDS ) and as Nintendo presents :
Seetee Ship was released in 1951 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4,000 copies .
Ideas Have Consequences is a philosophical work by Richard M. Weaver , published in 1948 by the University of Chicago Press .
Cry to Heaven is a novel by American author Anne Rice published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1982 .
Invisible Man is a novel by Ralph Ellison , published by Random House in 1952 .
Nemoe Karma was published by Balai Pustaka , the state - owned publisher of the Dutch East Indies , in 1931 .
Treasure Master is a video game released by ASC Games in 1991 for the Nintendo Entertainment System as part of a contest involving MTV .
Blade Warrior is a beat'em up video game , released in 1991 by Image Works for Amiga , Atari ST and DOS .
An Accidental Cowboy , Thomas Dunne Books , ISBN 0 - 312 - 31024 - 2
Peter Axelsson ( born 22 June 1967 , in Täby ) is a retired male badminton player from Sweden .
Hu Yadong ( Chinese : 胡亚东 ) ( Born October 3 , 1968 ) is a female Chinese rower .
Zhou Ping ( Chinese : 周平 ; February 18 , 1968 - ) is a former female Chinese gymnast .
Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill is an Irish traditional singer , pianist , and composer , considered one of the most influential female vocalists in the history of Irish music .
He Liping ( simplified Chinese : 何丽萍 ; traditional Chinese : 何麗萍 ; pinyin : Hé Lìpíng ; born November 13 , 1972 ) is a female Chinese softball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Armaan Khan ( born 4 April 1980 ) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Chaghi , Balochistan .
Gini Martin is one of Blutengel 's former female singers .
Busi Ncube is a female Mbira singer from Zimbabwe , who sings in six African languages .
Catharina Ahlgren ( 1734 -- c. 1800 ) was a Swedish feminist writer , poet , translator , managing editor , and one of the first identifiable female journalists in Sweden .
Meriç Banu Yenal ( born April 24 , 1988 in İstanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish female basketball player .
Maiko Sakashita ( Japanese : 坂下麻衣子 ; born 25 February 1985 ) is a retired Japanese female volleyball player .
Brenda Berkman ( born 1951 ) is a pioneering female firefighter .
Ma Ying ( simplified Chinese : 马英 ; traditional Chinese : 馬英 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yīng ; born April 10 , 1972 ) is a female Chinese softball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Osbourne Moxey ( born 27 August 1978 ) is a male long jumper from the Bahamas .
Yeliz Ay ( born November 9 , 1977 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish female racewalker .
Virginie Kadjo ( born 3 May 1973 ) is a French female former volleyball player , playing as a opposite , and a former beach volleyball player .
Natalie Brewer ( born 20 February 1984 ) is an English female football central defender .
As an early ancestor of the Joos Maternal Dynasty , with royal ties to two pre - colonial Senegambian kingdoms from the start of their constitutional change , Lingeer Fatim Beye is regarded as one of the most significant female personalities of Serer and Senegambian dynastic history .
Mariela González Torres ( born 5 April 1974 ) is a female marathon runner from Cuba , who won the gold medal in the women 's marathon at the 2007 Pan American Games .
Heather Duby ( born July 26 , 1974 in Eugene , Oregon ) , is a female American singer / songwriter .
Lanie Alabanza - Barcena AKA Miss Lawn ( born September 26 , 1979 ) is an Asian American graphic / fashion designer and Co - Founder / Creative Director of the female Streetwear brand , HLZBLZ considered a pioneer of the women streetwear movement .
Louise Quinn ( born 17 June 1990 ) is an Irish female footballer who plays as a defender for the Ireland national soccer team and Swedish club Eskilstuna United .
František Tokár ( 25 May 1925 in Veľké Chrašťany - 29 October 1993 in Bratislava ) is a male former table tennis player from Czechoslovakia .
Andrulla Blanchette ( born Androulla Veronica Blanchette 29 July 1966 in Hackney , London ) is an English professional female bodybuilder .
Birgit Kähler ( born 14 August 1970 in Cologne , Nordrhein - Westfalen ) is a retired female high jumper from Germany .
Roberta Lee Streeter ( born July 27 , 1944 ) , professionally known as Bobbie Gentry , is an American singer - songwriter notable as one of the first female country artists to compose and produce her own material .
Jessie Willcox Smith ( September 6 , 1863 -- May 3 , 1935 ) was one of the most prominent female illustrators in the United States during the Golden Age of American illustration .
Thai Lee is the owner , CEO and president of the largest female - owned business in America , SHI International .
In the NBC action - comedy series Chuck pilot episode , `` Chuck Versus the Intersect '' , the main character 's best friend Morgan Grimes is reminded of Kim Basinger 's portrayal of Vicki Vale in the 1989 film when he meets the main female protagonist Sarah Walker .
Lucina Hagman ( born June 5 , 1853 ; died 1946 ) was an early Finnish feminist and among the first female MPs in the world due to the Finnish parliamentary election , 1907 .
Milan Džavoronok ( born 1 November 1961 ) is a former Czechoslovak male volleyball player and Czech beach volleyball player .
Andrew Jachno ( born 13 April 1962 ) is a retired male race walker from Australia .
Gay - Yee Westerhoff ( born 14 June 1973 , in Hull , East Riding of Yorkshire , England ) , is the Chinese - English cellist of the all female string quartet , Bond .
Marjan Ridder ( born Marjan Luesken 3 May 1953 , Haarlem ) is a retired female badminton player of the Netherlands .
Camané ( born in Oeiras , 20 December 1967 ) as Carlos Manuel Moutinho Paiva dos Santos Duarte , is a male vocalist , and a forerunner of the new generation of fado male singers .
Matthew Hawes ( born February 13 , 1986 in Pointe - Claire , Quebec ) is a male swimmer from Canada , who mostly competes in the backstroke events .
Nyarroh ( alternatively referred to as Nyaloh , Nyarroh of Bandasuma or Queen Nyarroh ) was a female Mende chief in Bandasuma , in present - day Sierra Leone .
María Alexandra Escobar Guerrero ( born July 17 , 1980 ) is an Ecuadorian female weightlifter .
Liu Tianyou , ( born 1982 in Sichuan ) is a male Chinese sport shooter .
Jiří Hudec ( born 15 August 1964 ) is a retired male track and field athlete from the Czech Republic who competed in the 110 metres hurdles .
Liz Callaway ( born April 13 , 1961 ) is an American actress and singer , famous for providing the singing voices of many female characters in animated films , such as Anya / Anastasia in Anastasia , Odette in The Swan Princess , and the Adult Kiara in The Lion King II :
Karolina Szabó ( born November 17 , 1961 ) is a retired female Hungarian athlete , who specialized in the long - distance running events .
Yu Yanli ( born March 26 , 1980 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a female Chinese sports sailor who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ulla Persson ( born 1947 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a female singer from Sweden scoring successes during the 1960s .
Kimmo Pallonen ( born 17 January 1959 in Jyväskylän maalaiskunta ) is a retired male pole vaulter from Finland .
Abdulqader Hikmat Sarhan ( born August 19 , 1987 ) is a male Qatari Taekwondo practitioner .
Eileen Guppy MBE ( 24 May 1903 -- 8 March 1980 ) was the first woman to be a geologist in Geological Survey of Great Britain and was the first female staff member to become a member of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) .
Luciano Pedullà ( born 3 August 1957 ) is an Italian male volleyball coach .
Snežana Mišković ( pronounced ( sněʒana mîʃkoʋitɕ ) ; born December 19 , 1958 ) , better known by her stage name Viktorija ( ( ʋǐktoːrija ) ) , is a Serbian female rock singer known for her raspy voice .
Ethel Romig Fuller ( February 26 , 1883 -- December 13 , 1965 ) was Oregon 's third Poet Laureate ( 1957 - -1965 ) , and the state 's first female Poet Laureate .
Terri Moss ( born in Denver , Colorado on 25 January 1966 ) is a retired female boxer , and a 2015 inductee into the International Women 's Boxing Hall of Fame .
Irene Piotrowski ( born July 9 , 1941 in Skaudvilė , Lithuania ) is a retired female track and field athlete , who represented Canada at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1964 ( Tokyo , Japan ) Where she was a semi - finalist in the 100 metres at both Games .
Willy Kanis ( born 27 July 1984 in Kampen ) is a Dutch female professional racing cyclist .
Marios Lekkas ( Greek : Μάριος Λέκκας ) is a Greek male model .
Sun Weishi ( 1921 -- October 15 , 1968 ) was the first female director of modern spoken drama ( Huaju ) in Chinese history .
Li Xiaoni ( born May 10 , 1986 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a female Chinese sports sailor .
Jessica Blaszka ( born 5 August 1992 in Heerlen ) is a Dutch female wrestler who wrestles mainly in the 48 kg weight class .
Ruth Jean Baskerville Bowen ( 1924 - -2009 ) was the first black female talent agent and the president of Queen Booking Corporation , the largest Black - owned entertainment and talent agency in the world .
Jannine Jennky was a female French racing driver .
Xaviera Gold is a female African American dance music singer who is a former DJ and mixer on Chicago 's WBMX - FM .
Eliza Lynn Linton ( 10 February 1822 -- 14 July 1898 ) was the first female salaried journalist in Britain , and the author of over 20 novels .
Maryam Jameelah ( May 23 , 1934 - October 31 , 2012 ) was an American - Pakistani author of over thirty books on Islamic culture and history and a prominent female voice for conservative and fundamentalist Islam , known for her disparaging writings about the West .
Gail Davies ( born Patricia Gail Dickerson June 5 , 1948 ) is an American singer / songwriter and the first female record producer in the history of country music .
Till Helmke ( born May 6 , 1984 in Friedberg , Hesse ) is a male track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Germany .
Judith Catchpole , a young maidservant in colonial America , was tried in 1656 for witchcraft and infanticide before one of the earliest all - female juries in the United States .
Kat Mon Dieu has been dubbed the Cindy Sherman of burlesque for her portrayal of a multitude of characters ; old , young , male , female , real , fictional and even animals .
Anne Catherine Albertine Isala Van Diest ( Louvain , Belgium 7 May 1842 - -Ixelles , Belgium 6 February 1916 ) , better known by the name Isala Van Diest , was the first female medical doctor and the first female university graduate in Belgium .
Folashade Abugan ( born December 17 , 1990 ) is a female Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres .
Yuriy Rybin ( Russian : Юрий Рыбин ; born March 5 , 1963 ) is a retired male javelin thrower from Russia .
Yuhan Tan ( born 21 April 1987 in Bilzen , Belgium ) is a male left - handed badminton player from Belgium .
Elena Tatarkova or Olena Tatarkova ( Ukrainian : Олена Tатаркова , born 22 August 1976 ) is a former professional female tennis player from Ukraine .
Jeanne D'arc Girubuntu ( born 6 May 1995 ) is a female road cyclist from Rwanda .
Mohamed Hikal ( born January 10 , 1979 ) is a male boxer from Egypt .
Mercédesz Stieber ( born 4 September 1974 in Budapest ) is a female water polo player from Hungary , who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece and Beijing 2008 .
Ruud Kuijten ( born 7 October 1973 in Nuenen , Netherlands ) is a male right - handed badminton player from Belgium .
Marilyn McCoo ( born September 30 , 1943 ) is an American singer , actress , and television presenter , who is best known for being the lead female vocalist in the group The 5th Dimension , as well as hosting the 1980s music countdown series Solid Gold .
Edijana Dafe ( born 27 May 1990 ) is a Swedish female handballer who plays as a left wing for Danish club København Håndbold and the Swedish national team .
Katherine Henderson ( June 23 , 1909 -- unknown ) was an African American classic female blues singer .
Olle af Klintberg is a male folk musician from Sweden who is best known for playing the fiddle , and for winning the national title of Årets Näck in 2010 .
Ida Cecilie Thoresen Krog ( née Thoresen , 7 March 1858 -- 13 November 1911 ) was a Norwegian feminist pioneer , and the first female university student in Norway .
Helmut Krieger ( born July 17 , 1958 in Sławięcice , Kędzierzyn - Koźle ) is a male former track and field shot putter from Poland , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Rama Varma Kochaniyan Thampuran ( 2 June 1912 − 5 February 2014 ) was an Indian royal , who was the Valiya Thampuran or oldest male member of the Cochin Royal Family .
Michelle Rohl ( born November 11 , 1965 in Madison , Wisconsin ) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States , who competed in race walking .
Dave Salmoni was attacked by one of his trained big cats named Bongo , a five hundred pound male African lion in August 1999 in Ontario , which inspired his making of After the Attack .
Chen Xinhua is a male former table tennis player .
Huang Xiaoxiao ( simplified Chinese : 黄潇潇 ; traditional Chinese : 黃瀟瀟 ; pinyin : Huáng Xiāoxiāo ; born March 3 , 1983 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a female Chinese hurdler who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles .
Juliette Bergmann ( previously Meijer ) ( born November 30 , 1958 ) is a Dutch female bodybuilding champion .
Ma Ning ( simplified Chinese : 马宁 ; traditional Chinese : 馬寧 ; pinyin : Mǎ Nìng ; born November 4 , 1983 ) is a female javelin thrower from PR China . Her personal best throw is 62.38 metres , achieved in June 2003 in Shijiazhuang .
Anna McCune Harper ( née Anna Virginia McCune , July 2 , 1902 -- June 14 , 1999 ) was an American female tennis player .
Ai Xia was one of only two female screenwriters during the `` Left - Wing '' movement in Chinese film .
Anna Zwirydowska ( born January 28 , 1986 ) is a Polish female freestyle wrestler .
She eventually adopted the screen name Seka , after a female blackjack dealer she knew in Las Vegas .
Laura Marino ( born 2 July 1993 ) is a female diver from France .
Kier Maitland ( born November 16 , 1988 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a male swimmer from Canada , who mostly competes in the distance freestyle events .
Megan Abubo ( born January 28 , 1978 ) is a professional female surfer from Hawaii .
An undefeated Perdita Felicien won her second consecutive 100 m hurdles national title in 2003 en route to becoming the first University of Illinois female athlete to be named the Big Ten Conference `` Athlete of the Year '' while earning NCAA Female Track & Field Athlete of the Year honors .
Florence K. Murray ( 1916 - -2004 ) was a high - ranking officer in the Women 's Army Corps , the first female state senator in Rhode Island , the first female judge in Rhode Island and the first female member of the Rhode Island Supreme Court .
Semiha Mutlu ( born March 5 , 1987 in Koyulhisar , Sivas Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish female racewalker .
Manju Borah ( Assamese : মঞ্জু বৰা ) is a multiple international and national award - winning Indian female film director and short story writer from Guwahati , Assam .
Shanne Braspennincx ( born 18 May 1991 ) is a Dutch female track cyclist .
Constance Stuart Larrabee ( 7 August 1914 -- 27 July 2000 ) was a photographer best known for her images of South Africa and her photo - journalism on Europe during World War II . She was South Africa 's first female war correspondent .
Gizella Farkas ( 18 November 1925 in Miskolc -- 17 June 1996 in Vienna ) was a female table tennis player from Hungary .
Karolína Pilařová is a female Czech curler who participated in the European Curling Championships in 2004 , 2005 , 2006 and 2009 .
Sharyn Maceren is a female Pop / R&B singer and songwriter .
Sandra Mandir , born Popović , ( born 4 August 1977 , in Zagreb ) is a Croatian female basketball player .
Magda Ilands ( born 16 January 1950 , in Leuven , Vlaams - Brabant ) is a former female long - distance runner from Belgium , who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Victor Amaya ( born July 2 , 1954 in Denver ) is a former American male professional tour tennis player .
Hyun Jung - hwa ( Hangul : 현정화 ; hanja : 玄静和 ; born October 6 , 1969 in Busan , South Korea ) is a retired female table tennis player from South Korea who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics , and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Lisa Michaelis is a female actress / singer / musician / children 's performer who was born in New York City and now lives in Atlanta , Georgia , where she is the founder of Laughing Pizza Productions , a children 's record and video label .
Chris Ballingall ( born May 17 , 1932 ) is a former female catcher who played from 1953 through 1954 in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League .
After his 1999 season , Kern was honored as the first - ever male recipient to wear a thong to the tournament , the thong award is given to the top American collegiate water polo player Sean Kern .
Liu Yuanyuan ( simplified Chinese : 柳圆圆 ; traditional Chinese : 柳圓圓 ; pinyin : Liǔ Yuányuán ; born March 17 , 1982 in Dalian ) is a Chinese female biathlete who competed China at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino .
Michelle Sawatzky - Koop ( born July 14 , 1970 in Steinbach , Manitoba ) is a retired female volleyball player from Canada , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Yao Jie ( simplified Chinese : 姚洁 ; traditional Chinese : 姚潔 ; pinyin : Yáo Jié ; born 10 April 1977 ) is a Chinese - born female badminton player who now resides in the Netherlands .
Sinnamon was an American female R&B vocal trio , consisting of Connecticut natives Barbara Fowler and Marsha Carter , and Melissa Bell from New York .
Joan Pedrola ( born 1990 in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain ) is a Spanish male model .
Zhuldyz Eshimova ( born 1 February 1988 in Bishkek ) is a Kyrgyz - born female wrestler from Kazakhstan .
Fred Kiprop Kiptum ( born June 3 , 1974 ) is a male long - distance runner from Kenya , who won the Amsterdam Marathon in 1999 in a time of 2:06:47
Brede Arkless ( née Boyle ) ( 10 August 1939 -- 18 March 2006 ) was a leading female climber and mountaineer , and was actively involved in the all - women 's climbing movement .
Alexandra Asimaki ( Greek : Αλεξάνδρα Ασημάκη ; pronounced ( alexandra asimaki ) ; born 28 June 1988 ) is a female Greek water polo player currently playing as center forward for Olympiacos and the Greek national team .
Miho Watanabe ( 渡辺 美保 Watanabe Miho ) is a female Japanese popular music artist , actor , and dancer .
Irmgard Latz ( later Irmgard Gerlatzka ) ( born 14 March 1939 ) is a former female badminton player from Germany .
Adèle Kindt ( 16 December 1804 - -1884 ) was a Belgian painter , the leading female painter of the 1820s to 1840s .
Iveta Bartošová ( 8 April 1966 -- 29 April 2014 ) was a Czech singer , actress and celebrity , three - time best female vocalist in the music poll Zlatý slavík ( 1986 , 1990 and 1991 ) .
Huang Haijing ( simplified Chinese : 黄海静 ; traditional Chinese : 黃海靜 ; pinyin : Huáng Hǎijìng ; born July 3 , 1988 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey player .
Justine Siegemund or Siegemundin ( 26 December 1636 -- 10 November 1705 ) was a renowned German midwife whose Court Midwife ( 1690 ) was the more read , but not the first , female - published German obstetrical manual .
Justice M. Fathima Beevi was the first female judge to be appointed to the Supreme Court of India ( 1989 ) and the first Muslim woman to be appointed to any higher judiciary .
Sándor Urbanik ( born December 15 , 1964 in Esztergom ) is a retired male race walker from Hungary .
Derek Paul Dickenson ( born 4 December 1949 in North Shields , Northumberland ) is a retired male hammer thrower from England , who represented the United Kingdom at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1976 ( Montreal ) .
In 2015 Telupe Iosefa received the first ever gold medal won by Tuvalu at the Pacific Games in the powerlifting 120 kg male division .
Cleopatra 's faithful male servant Apollodorus follows Pothinus and the small procession of guards as they exit the room , and within a few seconds an off - screen death scream is heard .
Frants Kostyukevich ( Belarusian : Франц Касцюкевіч ; born April 4 , 1963 ) is a male race walker who represented the USSR and later Belarus .
Ana María Torres Ramírez , also known as La Guerrera ( born on 25 January 1980 in Nezahualcóyotl , State of Mexico ) is a Mexican female boxer who held the WBC Super flyweight title from 7 October 2006 to 19 October 2007 and from 30 August 2008 to 17 May 2012 .
Rear Admiral Bonnie Burnham Potter ( born c. 1946 ) was the first female physician in the Navy Medical Corps to be selected for flag rank .
Helen Kleinbort Krauze ( born in Białystok ) is an award - winning Polish - born Mexican female Jewish journalist who worked for over five decades as an interviewer , features and travel writer and columnist first with Novedades , later with El Heraldo de México and more recently with Sol de Mexico and Protocolo magazine .
Daniella Kolodny is the first female rabbi enlisted in the United States Naval Academy , which she joined in 2004 .
Astrid Guyart ( born 17 March 1983 ) is a French female fencer .
Xiao Jiang ( Chinese : 小江 ; pinyin : Xiǎo Jiāng ) ( born 1972 ) is the stage name of female Chinese film director Jia Yan , .
During the same year , Seorak was cast as the lead female role in the musical Carmen , which was being shown at Little Angel 's Art Center , of South Korea 's leading art centers .
Lady Xu Mu ( 许穆夫人 ) was a princess of the State of Wey , and the first recorded female poet in Chinese history .
Wei Jianhua ( simplified Chinese : 魏建华 ; traditional Chinese : 魏建華 ; pinyin : Wèi Jiànhuá ; born March 23 , 1979 ) is a retired female javelin thrower from PR China .
Xavin had first appeared to the Runaways , taking on the form of a black male , but changed into a black female just for the sake of Karolina Dean , a lesbian whom she was to marry .
Marie Collings ( née Allaire ; 1791 - -1853 ) , sometimes referred to as Mary Collings , was a wealthy Guernsey heiress who ruled as Dame of Sark from 1852 to 1853 , being the island 's second female ruler and the first holder of the fief from the presently ruling seigneurial family .
Alfred Shemweta ( born February 19 , 1970 in Lushoto , Tanzania ) is a male long - distance runner who competed internationally for Sweden .
Dimitris Krallis , `` Michael Attaleiates as a Reader of Psellos '' in Barber Ch . ed . , Reading Michael Psellos ( Leiden , 2006 ) : 167 - 191 Athanasios Markopoulos , `` The portrayal of the male figure in Michael Attaleiates , '' in The Empire in Crisis :
Kwan Chi - lam ( born Kwan Kar - wai on 24 September 1962 ) , better known as Rosamund Kwan , is a Hong Kong actress , best known for starring as the female lead `` Thirteenth Aunt '' in the 1990s Once Upon a Time in China film series .
Gertrude Buck ( July 14 , 1871 , Kalamazoo , Michigan - 1922 ) was one of a group of powerful female rhetoricians of her time .
Urgyen Tsomo ( 1897 - -1961 ) was a prominent Tibetan Buddhist female master who was known as the Great Dakini of Tsurphu ( Tsurpu Khandro Chenmo ) .
Sevasti Qiriazi ( also known as Sevasti Dako - Qiriazi ) , 1871 - 30 August 1949 , was an Albanian patriot and pioneer of Albanian female education .
Li Zhenzhu ( born 13 December 1985 in Bayannur , Inner Mongolia ) is a female Chinese long - distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Joel Brutus ( born August 12 , 1974 ) is a male judoka from Haiti , who won the silver medal in the men 's heavyweight division ( + 100 kg ) at the 2003 Pan American Games .
Anita Christensen , ( born October 29 , 1972 , in Randers , Denmark ) is a world champion female professional boxer .
Eva Pölzing or Poelzing is a German singer who is best known as the former female vocalist for Blutengel .
Fannie Barrios ( 1964 - 2005 ) was a professional female bodybuilder from Venezuela .
Laxmi Poruri - Madan ( born November 9 , 1972 in Guntur , India ) is a retired professional tennis player and the first Indian - American female to play professional tennis on the WTA Tour in the modern era .
Bang Ji - sub ( Hangul : 방지섭 ; born 16 April 1974 ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player .
Mihri Achba , Mihri Müşfik Hanım , Mihri Rasim ( 26 February 1886 - c. 1954 ) was one of the first and renowned Turkish female painter .
Eunice Wishart ( 8 October 1898 -- 14 November 1982 ) was the first female alderman and the first female mayor of Port Arthur , Ontario , serving 1956 - 1958 as mayor , and 1948 - 1952 , 1954 - 1955 , Nov 15-Dec 1960 as alderman .
Aryono Miranat is a retired male badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in mixed doubles .
Tokey Hill is an American karateka most well known for being the first male American to ever win a WUKO / WKF World Karate Championship which he achieved at the 1980 World Karate Championships in the 80 kg Kumite category .
Tatyana Kostromina ( born 15 February 1973 ) is a female Belarusian table tennis player .
Sabrina Dornhoefer ( born December 2 , 1963 ) is a retired female middle distance runner from the United States .
Sirima Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike ( Sinhalese : සිරිමා රත්වත්තේ ඩයස් බණ්ඩාරනායක , Tamil : சிறிமா ரத்வத்தே டயஸ் பண்டாரநாயக்கே ; 17 April 1916 -- 10 October 2000 ) , commonly known as Sirimavo Bandaranaike ( the suffix `` vo '' denotes respect ) , was a Sri Lankan politician and the modern world 's first female head of government .
Liu Fangyi ( Chinese : 刘方毅 ; born January 1 , 1983 in Qiqihar ) is a Chinese male speed skater .
Belle Cooledge ( July 29 , 1884 -- November 9 , 1955 ) , also known as `` Auntie Belle , '' was the first female mayor of Sacramento , California .
Monalisa Codling ( born April 20 , 1977 ) is a female rugby union player for New Zealand and Auckland .
As a female character in the front row after the Japanese invasion , Sakinah Junid may dikatatakan as Malaysia 's first female fighter who led a group of men and women fighters .
Özlem Araç ( born May 26 , 1989 ) is a Turkish female football manager and former women 's football player .
Yohan Hadikusumo Wiratama ( Chinese : 魏仁君 ; pinyin : Wèi Rénjūn ) is a male badminton player from Hong Kong .
Anusha Mani is an Indian female playback singer who works actively in the Bollywood film Industry .
István Havasi ( born December 21 , 1930 in Dánszentmiklós , Pest -- died February 16 , 2003 in Budapest ) was a male race walker from Hungary .
Leah McSweeney ( born in 1982 in New York City ) is the founder and CEO of the female `` Married to the MOB '' ( MTTM ) clothing line .
Stacey - Ann Smith ( born January 8 , 1991 ) is a female sprinter who currently represents the United States of America .
Cássio Leandro das Neves Pereira ( born 7 December 1971 ) is a former Brazilian male volleyball player .
Robert Hébras , Jean - Marcel Darthout , Mathieu Borie , Clément Broussaudier , Yvon Roby and Pierre - Henri Poutaraud were the only six of 186 male civilians who survived the execution with machine guns .
William Byron Shefchik , III , born in 1974 , is the only current male member of the Brigham Young University ( BYU ) Swimming and Diving Team to be elected into the BYU Hall of Fame .
Ole Svendsen ( born April 27 , 1952 in Aalborg , Nordjylland ) is a retired male welterweight boxer from Denmark , who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Margareta Capsia ( 1682 -- June 20 , 1759 ) was a Swedish / Finnish artist , the first professional native female artist in Finland , which during her lifetime was a part of Sweden .
As a result of his experiences , Zeus and Hera asked him to settle the question of which sex , male or female , experienced more pleasure during intercourse .
Elizabeth Abimbola Awoliyi ( née Akerele , 1910 - -1971 ) was the first female physician in Nigeria .
Aleksandre Gujabidze ( Georgian : ალექსანდრე გუჯაბიძე ; born 11 January 1995 ) is a male diver from Georgia .
Norma Andrade is one of the founding members of Nuestras Hijas de Regreso a Casa A.C. , a Mexican non - profit association of mothers whose daughters have been victims of female homicides in Ciudad Juárez .
In October 2005 , Gangaji 's husband , Eli Jaxon - Bear , admitted to Gangaji that he had a three - year affair with an adult female student who was later employed as the executive director of his organization , the Leela Foundation .
As symbol of masculinity and warriorship , Heracles also had a number of male lovers .
Shirley van der Lof ( born November 7 , 1986 in Haaksbergen , Overijssel ) is a female racing driver from the Netherlands , and grand daughter of former Formula One - driver Dries van der Lof .
Sri Oetari Ratna Dewi ( 26 September 1960 , Semarang , Central Java - November 2003 ) was a popular Javanese female Indonesian politician and late wife of currently serving ( as of writing in 2007 ) DPRD - DKI Jakarta Ketua ( head ) Komisi D :
S - Endz wrote the male R&B verses that Sups sang on this song , as well as his own rap and adlibs .
Hồ Quỳnh Hương ( born 16 October 1980 , in Hạ Long , Quảng Ninh ) is a Vietnamese female singer .
Alkisti Avramidou ( Greek : Άλκηστη Αβραμίδου ; born 26 February 1988 ) is a female Greek water polo player currently playing as a left wing for Olympiacos and the Greek national team .
Eileen Bennett Whittingstall ( 16 July 1907 -- ca . 18 August 1979 ) was a female tennis player from the United Kingdom who won six Grand Slam doubles titles from 1927 to 1931 .
Yarianna Martínez Iglesias ( born 20 September 1984 in Pinar del Río ) is a female triple jumper from Cuba .
Lilly Steinschneider , fully Lilly Helene Steinschneider - Wenckheim ( Hungarian : Steinschneider - Wenckheim Helene Lilly , Steinschneider Lilly , January 13 , 1891 , Budapest -- March 28 , 1975 , Geneva ) was a Hungarian pilot , the first qualified female pilot in the Austro - Hungarian empire .
Christian Davies ( 1667 -- 7 July 1739 ) , born Christian Cavanagh , was a female soldier ( disguised as a man ) and later a sutler for the 4th Dragoons , later the 2nd Royal North British Dragoons .
Çağla Korkmaz ( born November 14 , 1990 ) is a Turkish - German female football forward currently playing in the German 2 .
Edigold Monday is the first Ugandan female to hold the position of Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer at Bank of Africa Uganda , and is also the first Ugandan woman to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of a commercial bank in the country 's history .
Wauba Debar ( 1792 - -1832 ) was a female Aboriginal Tasmanian .
Since acting at the Drama Studio , Suzan - Lori Parks has received 11 awards , being the first female African - American to receive the Pulitzer Prize for her play Topdog / Underdog in 2002 .
Zhao Hongbo ( simplified Chinese : 赵宏博 ; traditional Chinese : 趙宏博 ; pinyin : Zhào Hóngbó ; born September 22 , 1973 ) is a male Chinese pair skater .
Christina Broom ( née Livingston 28 December 1862 -- 5 June 1939 ) was a Scottish photographer , credited as `` the UK 's first female press photographer '' .
Gong Zhichao ( simplified Chinese : 龚智超 ; traditional Chinese : 龔智超 ; pinyin : Gōng Zhìchāo ; born December 15 , 1977 in Anhua , Hunan ) is a female badminton player from the People 's Republic of China .
Maja Ognjenović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Маја Огњеновић ; born August 6 , 1984 ) is a female Serbian volleyball player and the captain of the Serbia women 's national volleyball team .
Amelia Okoli ( born May 14 , 1941 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Nigeria .
Nancy McLeón ( born May 1 , 1971 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Cuba who competed in the sprint events during her career .
Lidija Abrlić ( born September 13 , 1969 ) is a former Yugoslavian and Croatian female basketball player .
Melissa Humana - Paredes ( born October 10 , 1992 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a female Canadian beach volleyball player , who makes a double with Taylor Pischke .
Sana Anarkulova ( née Jarlagassova , born 21 July 1989 ) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player .
Michaela Mlejnková ( born 26 July 1996 ) is a Czech female volleyball player , playing as a outside - spiker .
Tian Liang ( Chinese : 田亮 ; pinyin : Tián Liàng ; born August 27 , 1979 in Chongqing ) is a male Chinese former diver .
Born as the first female daughter into a family of three boys , Sophia Smith soon became the caretaker for the following three children ( all girls ) .
Natalya Yermolovich ( Belarusian : Натальля Ермаловіч ; Russian : Наталья Ермолович ; born April 29 , 1964 in Homel , Belarus ) is a retired female javelin thrower who represented the Soviet Union at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Heather Wallace ( born December 4 , 1961 in Kitwe , Zambia ) is a former professional female squash player who represented Scotland and Canada during her career .
Kurban Kurbanov ( Russian : Курбан Курбанов ; born 21 March 1985 in Makhachkala , Dagestan ) is a male freestyle wrestler from Uzbekistan .
Sigit Budiarto ( born 24 November 1975 ) is a male badminton player from Indonesia noted for his reflexes and deft handling of the racket .
Wu Jiaduo ( simplified Chinese : 吴佳多 ; traditional Chinese : 吳佳多 ; born 19 September 1977 in Linhai , Zhejiang , China ) is a female Chinese - born German table tennis player .
Heike Koerner Romo ( born September 23 , 1973 ) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from Mexico .
Vladimir Harkonnen is the direct - line male descendant of the Bashar Abulurd Harkonnen who was banished for cowardice after the Battle of Corrin .
Gizem Çam ( born 4 April 1991 ) is a Turkish female swimmer competing in butterfly and backstroke events .
Hala Moddelmog ( born January 3 , 1956 ) became the first female president and CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber ( MAC ) in January 2014 following a career in the corporate and non - profit sectors .
Choe Byeong - kwang ( 최병광 ; born 7 April 1991 ) is a male South Korean racewalker .
Feng Zhe ( simplified Chinese : 冯喆 ; traditional Chinese : 馮喆 ; pinyin : Féng Zhé ; born November 19 , 1987 in Sichuan ) is a male Chinese gymnast .
She was given the opportunity to be the first female faculty member because , as Janet Taylor Spence said , `` the chair of the university thought `` having a woman on the faculty was a novel and interesting idea , '' '' against the belief of some of the other faculty members .
Chauncey Matthews ( born October 11 , 1991 ) is an American singer who was a member of the short - lived pop group American Juniors as well as being the only male in the group .
Saints Kyneburga , Kyneswide and Tibba were female members of the Mercian royal family in 7th century England .
Jammie Jamieson is a United States Air Force officer and the first female fighter pilot selected to fly the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor .
Jean Irvine ( 1877 -- March 3 , 1962 ) was a pharmacist from Hawick , Scotland and the first female president of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society .
Sun Linlin ( Chinese : 孙琳琳 ; born October 3 , 1988 in Dandong ) is a Chinese female short track speed skater .
Tihana Abrlić , married Jurić , ( born July 11 , 1976 ) is a Croatian female professional basketball player .
Li Zhenshi is a male Chinese table tennis player and coach .
Nico Schwanz ( born January 12 , 1978 in Apolda , Thuringia ) is a German male model .
Michela Fanini ( 23 March 1973 -- 16 October 1994 ) was a female racing cyclist from Italy .
Lee Sun Chau ( 周理信 , i.e. , 周六姑 , 1890 - 1979 ) was one of the first female Chinese doctors of Western Medicine in China .
Pi Hongyan ( simplified Chinese : 皮红艳 ; traditional Chinese : 皮紅艷 ; pinyin : Pí Hóngyàn ) ( born 25 January 1979 in Chongqing , China ) is a female badminton player competing for France .
Silvia Bosurgi ( born April 17 , 1979 in Messina ) is a female water polo forward from Italy , who won the gold medal with the Women 's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Dio , composition by Francesco Trocchia for female choir and piano ; lyrics by Alda Merini ( from Francesco 2007 )
Marie - France Boyer also had the female leading part in the TV series Quentin Durward , playing Isabelle de Croye , whose fate becomes a subject of dispute between the Duke of Burgundy and the King of France .
Annemarie Părău ( born March 8 , 1984 in Timișoara ) is a Romanian professional female basketball player .
Epanaphe moloneyi is a species of Lepidoptera in the family of Notodontidae that is found in Africa .
Fulrada carpasella is a species of snout moth in the genus Fulrada .
Wittrockia tenuisepala is a plant species in the genus Wittrockia .
Blanford 's mabuya , Eutropis innotata , is a species of skink found in peninsular India .
Harpalus affinis is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Nearctic , the Australian region and the Near East .
Melaleuca howeana provides habitat for the Lord Howe Island Stick Insect Dryococelus australis , a critically endangered species .
Clypeobarbus is a genus of small cyprinid fishes native to Africa .
Quercus minima , the dwarf live oak or minimal oak , is a North American species of shrubs in the beech family .
Erigeron asperugineus ( Idaho Fleabane ) is a species of fleabane in the daisy family .
Veltheimia bracteata belongs to the genus Veltheimia , which contains only one other species , Velthemia capensis .
The biological subfamily Bovinae includes a diverse group of 10 genera of medium to large - sized ungulates , including domestic cattle , bison , African buffalo , the water buffalo , the yak , and the four - horned and spiral - horned antelopes .
Quantula striata , also known as Dyakia striata , is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing , tropical land snail .
Hattoria yakushimensis is the only species of liverwort in the genus Hattoria , in the family Scapaniaceae .
Tetraneuris linearifolia is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family , know by the common name fineleaf fournerved daisy .
Antarctopelta ( /ænˌtɑːrktoʊˈpɛltə/ an - TARK - to - PEL - tə ; meaning ' Antarctic shield ' ) was a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur with one known species , A. oliveroi , which lived in Antarctica during the Late Cretaceous Period .
Leptotyphlops bressoni , or the Michoacán slender blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Astragalus funereus is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common names Funeral Mountain milkvetch and black milkvetch .
Valenciennellus is a genus of marine hatchetfishes .
Pachnoda sinuata , the garden fruit chafer or brown - and - yellow fruit chafer , is a species of beetle found in Namibia and South Africa .
The Purple Leaf Blue , Amblypodia anita ( sometimes simply called Leaf Blue ) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia .
The only species in the genus is Amphidon aequicrurius , found by Simpson in 1925 .
Navia crassicaulis is a species of bromeliad in the genus Navia .
Gasteracantha hasselti , commonly known as Hasselt 's spiny spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae .
Sonchus tenerrimus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name slender sowthistle .
Mesenchytraeus solifugus is a species of Oligochaete worms commonly called ice worms .
Monobrachium is a genus of hydroids ( Hydrozoa ) .
Polyptychoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the Late Cretaceous of Asia , Europe , and North and South America .
Philoponella congregabilis , sometimes referred to as the little humped spider , is an Australian species of communal spider that , like other species of Uloboridae , does not use venom .
Eorhynia is a genus of extinct plants of the Late Silurian ( Přídolí , around 430 to 420 million years ago ) which somewhat resemble Rhynia .
Astarte subaequilatera , or the lentil astarte , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Astartidae .
Swenzia is an extinct genus of prehistoric .
Nannostomus limatus , commonly known as the elegant pencilfish , is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins .
Buddleja kleinii is a species endemic to a small area of cloud forest bordering the eastern portion of the Serra Geral of Santa Catarina and the Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil at altitudes of 1200 -- 1650 m. The species was named by Norman & Smith in 1976 .
Hypoxis decumbens is a plant species in the Hypoxidaceae , considered by some authors to be included within the Liliaceae or Amaryllidaceae .
Malus prattii ( Pratt 's crabapple , 西蜀海棠 xi shu hai tang ) is a crabapple species , endemic to China .
Mentzelia packardiae is a species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae known by the common names Packard 's blazingstar and Packard 's stickleaf .
Utricularia geminiscapa , the hiddenfruit bladderwort , is a perennial , medium - sized species of aquatic bladderwort .
Sterrhoptilus is a songbird genus recently separated from Stachyris .
Armatimonas rosea is a Gram - negative bacterium and also the first species to be characterized within the phylum Armatimonadetes .
Eucinetidae is a family of beetles , notable for their large coxal plates that cover much of the first ventrite of the abdomen , sometimes called plate - thigh beetles .
Apistoloricaria laani is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Meta River basin .
Persea meyeniana is a species of evergreen tree belonging to the laurel family , Lauraceae .
Oxalis spiralis , the spiral sorrel , is a species of the genus Oxalis , the largest genus in the wood sorrel family Oxalidaceae .
It was described by Darren Naish , Gareth Dyke , Andrea Cau , François Escuillié , and Pascal Godefroit in 2012 , and the type species is named Samrukia nessovi .
Icmadophila is a genus of crustose lichen .
Cattleya amethystoglossa ( the `` amethyst - lipped Cattley flower '' ) is a bifoliate species of orchid from the genus Cattleya .
Eleocharis bifida is a species of spikesedge known by the common name glade spikerush .
Cyathea buennemeijerii is a species of tree fern endemic to the Natuna Islands in Indonesia , where it grows in open scrub at an altitude of about 600 m. This rare species is known only from the summits of two low hills .
Astranthium robustum , or Texas western - daisy , is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Euphorbiales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants that is not currently recognized in the most authoritative modern treatment of plant taxonomy .
The Cape gerbil , Gerbilliscus afra , is a species of gerbil found only in South Africa .
Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus , commonly known as the red Irish lord ( US ) or bullhead , is a species of fish in the family Cottidae .
Moraea collina is a species of the genus Moraea , in the family Iridaceae .
Acorus gramineus is a botanical species belonging to the genus Acorus .
Goeldia is a genus of spiders that occur in Central to South America .
Neoplecostomus espiritosantensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found on the eastern slope of the Serra do Mar in the Jacu and São Lourenço Rivers .
Protomelas macrodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from areas vegetated with Vallisneria .
Its only described species , Bythocrotus cephalotes , is endemic to Hispaniola .
Horiomyzon retropinnatus is a species of three - barbeled catfish which occurs in the Amazon and Napo Rivers of Brazil and Ecuador .
Epiactis prolifera , the brooding , proliferating or small green anemone , is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Actiniidae .
Rhinotyphlops scorteccii , commonly known as Scortecci 's blind snake , is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Scaphella atlantis , commonly known as the Atlantis volute is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Cryothenia amphitreta is a species of marine pelagic fish belonging to the family Nototheniidae ( cod icefishes ) .
Amaranthus californicus is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name California amaranth .
Lucina leucocyma , or the saw - toothed pen shell , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Dimocarpus yunnanensis is a species of tree native to China related to the longan .
Telmatosaurus ( meaning `` marsh lizard '' ) is a genus of basal hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Crataegus altaica is a species of hawthorn .
Corallimorphus profundus is a species of coral in the genus Corallimorphus .
Tetranychus lintearius is a species of spider mite known as the gorse spider mite .
Campylorhynchus is a genus of wrens , which has at least 13 described species .
Lepidiolamprologus is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in eastern Africa .
Oncidium baueri is a species of orchid native to Costa Rica and to South America as far south as Bolivia and Brazil .
Euphyllia is a genus of large - polyped stony coral .
Demagogus larvatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Demagogus .
Tubinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails , marine , gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha , the nerites and their allies .
Comptonia peregrina is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species , including Bucculatrix paroptila , Grey Pug , Setaceous Hebrew Character , Io moth , and several Coleophora case - bearers :
Kelloggia galioides is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name milk kelloggia .
Gerania bosci is an Asian species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the subfamily Lamiinae .
Melanocharacidium is a fish genus in the Crenuchidae family ( South American darters ) .
Geotrypetes angeli is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Guinea and Sierra Leone .
Succinea forsheyi , common name the spotted ambersnail , is a species of small , air - breathing , land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
Orthotylus beieri is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in France , Slovenia , and Spain .
Amnicola missouriensis , common name the Missouri amnicola , is a species of freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae .
Planismus floridanus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae , the only species in the genus Planismus .
Jennyella The genus was published in 1999 by E. Luckel & H. Fessel separating four species previously grouped in Houlletia .
Loxorhynchus grandis , common name the sheep crab , is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae .
The West Himalayan bush warbler ( Locustella kashmirensis ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family .
Ptyodactylus is a genus of geckos , which are commonly known as fan - fingered geckos .
Hedysarum boreale is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae , or legume family , and is known by the common names Utah sweetvetch , boreal sweet - vetch , northern sweetvetch , and plains sweet - broom .
Amblypterus is an extinct genus of bony fish .
Lupinus spectabilis is a species of lupine known by the common name shaggyhair lupine .
Gastrotheca ovifera ( Spanish : Rana Marsupial Comun or Rana Marsupial ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
Giraffatitan , meaning `` giant giraffe '' , is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived during the late Jurassic Period ( Kimmeridgian - Tithonian stages ) .
Helminthoglypta tudiculata , common names the `` Southern California shoulderband '' or `` Southern shoulderband '' , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Crenavolva traillii , common name Traill 's ovulid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae , the ovulids , cowry allies or false cowries .
Procambarus pictus , sometimes called the Black Creek crayfish or spotted royal crayfish , is a species of crayfish in family Cambaridae .
Cephaloscyllium formosanum , also known as the Formosa swellshark , is a species of catshark in the family Scyliorhinidae .
Pandoflabella corumbina is a species of snout moth in the genus Pandoflabella .
Trichocanonura linearis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , and the only species in the genus Trichocanonura .
Isoleucas is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , first described in 1939 .
Chaunograptus is a genus of putative graptolite known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale .
The genus Paradigalla consists of two species of birds - of - paradise .
Pinkfloydia is a genus of small long - jawed spiders ( family Tetragnathidae ) containing a single described species , Pinkfloydia harveii , known from Western Australia .
Stapelia hirsuta , common name starfish flower or carrion plant , is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Apocynaceae .
Ciliopagurus substriatiformis was a species of hermit crab that existed during the Badenian stage ( Middle Miocene ) .
The genus Corynorhinus consists of the lump - nosed bats , or American long - eared bats .
Yunguisaurus was first named by Yen - Nien Cheng , Tamaki Sato , Xiao - Chun Wu and Chun Li in 2006 and the type species is Yunguisaurus liae .
Osteocephalus deridens is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Ecuador and Peru .
Livistona chinensis , the Chinese fan palm or fountain palm , is a species of subtropical palm tree in eastern Asia .
Farlowella odontotumulus is a species of armored catfish native to Ecuador and Venezuela .
Lamingtoniidae is a very small family of beetles , in the suborder Polyphaga .
Labrisomus conditus , the Masquerader hairy blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Fernando de Noronha Archipelago , off northeastern Brazil , and from Florida , USA , in the Atlantic Ocean .
Gymnopogon ( skeletongrass ) is a genus of American and Southeast Asian plants in the grass family .
Siphonocryptida is an order of millipedes , comprising the sole family Siphonocryptidae .
Heritiera fomes is a species of mangrove tree in the family Malvaceae .
Ctenolophon is the only genus in the flowering plant family Ctenolophonaceae .
Leptaxis caldeirarum is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Procolpochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene of what is now Maryland , Virginia , and New Jersey .
Tripterocalyx is a small genus of flowering plants in the four o'clock family .
Dysganus is the name given to a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Austropyrgus dyerianus is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the Hydrobiidae family .
Seychelles giant day gecko ( Phelsuma sundbergi sundbergi Rendahl , 1939 ) is diurnal subspecies of geckos .
Eriogonum libertini is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Dubakella Mountain buckwheat .
Maotherium is a genus extinct symmetrodont mammal that was discovered in Early Cretaceous rocks in Liaoning Province , China , in 2003 .
Bembidion adygorum is a species of ground beetle from the Trechinae subfamily that can be found in Armenia , Georgia and Caucasus .
Pseudotriton is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae .
The underworld windowskate ( Fenestraja plutonia ) is a species of cartilaginous fish in the family Rajidae .
Jiutaisaurus is a genus of dinosaur from the Quantou Formation of China .
Copidosoma floridanum is a species of wasp in the family Encyrtidae and is primarily a parasitoid of moths in the subfamily Plusiinae .
Helogenes gouldingi is a species of whale catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in black - water tributaries of the Madeira River basin .
Aliatypus is a spider genus in the family Antrodiaetidae with species found in the United States .
Stictoleptura tripartita is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Iran , Syria and Turkey .
Stenophryneta variegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Stenophryneta .
Eriogonum deserticola is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Colorado Desert buckwheat .
Monopis weaverella is a species of moth in the Tineidae family .
Nannoarctia takanoi ( Sonan , 1934 ) is an endemic species of moth in the family Arctiidae from Taiwan .
Cryptoparachtes fedotovi is a spider species found in Georgia and Azerbaijan .
Buceros is a genus of large Asian hornbills ( family Bucerotidae ) .
Platysaurus torquatus , the striped flat lizard or collared flat lizard , is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family found in southeast Africa .
Erigeron rybius is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Sacramento Mountain fleabane and royal fleabane .
Taeniocrada is a genus of extinct plants of Devonian age ( 420 to 360 million years ago ) .
The Galliformes are an order of heavy - bodied ground - feeding birds that includes turkey , grouse , chicken , New World quail and Old World quail , ptarmigan , partridge , pheasant , junglefowl and the Cracidae .
Horkelia californica ( syn : Potentilla californica ) , known by the common name California horkelia , is a species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Prunus sargentii , commonly known as Sargent 's cherry or North Japanese hill cherry , is a species of cherry native to Japan , Korea , and Sakhalin ( Russia ) .
Bambusa chungii , commonly known as white bamboo or tropical blue bamboo , is a large , tall bamboo species , often found in Hong Kong , and originating in southern China and Vietnam .
Helminthoglypta nickliniana , common name `` Nicklin 's Peninsula snail '' or `` Coast Range shoulderband '' is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Cirripectes is a large genus of combtooth blennies found throughout the Pacific and Indian oceans .
Glossodoris rufomarginata , commonly called white - margin sea slug or caramel nudibranch , is a species of colorful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae .
Medinilla waterhousei , commonly known as Tagimaucia or Tagimoucia ( tahng - ee - mow - theea ) , is a species of flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae which is endemic to highland rainforest of the Fijian island of Taveuni .
Pythium debaryanum is a species of water mould in the family Pythiaceae .
Lottia luchuana is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Bromelia serra is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family native to South America ( Brazil , French Guiana , Bolivia , Paraguay , Argentina ) .
Mochokus niloticus is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Nile and Niger River basins .
Campanula elegans is a plant species in the genus Campanula .
Eutriconodonta is an order of early mammals .
Pseudobiceros gloriosus ( common name : the glorious flatworm ) is a benthic marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family .
Lyclene reticulata is a species of lichen moths of the Erebidae family , Arctiinae subfamily .
Lepidopilum grevilleanum is a species of moss in the Daltoniaceae family .
Heuchera elegans is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name urn - flowered alumroot .
Brachyspira aalborgi is a species of bacteria , one of the causative agents of intestinal spirochetosis .
Claytonia rubra is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common name redstem springbeauty .
Beccariophoenix alfredii , also known as the High Plateau Coconut Palm , is a recently discovered species of Arecaceae ( palms ) , endemic to Madagascar .
Euprymna scolopes , also known as the Hawaiian bobtail squid , is a species of bobtail squid in the family Sepiolidae native to the central Pacific Ocean , where it occurs in shallow coastal waters off the Hawaiian Islands and Midway Island .
Banksia caleyi , commonly known as the red lantern banksia or Caley 's banksia , is a species of woody shrub of the family Proteaceae native to Western Australia .
The order Squamata , or the scaled reptiles , are the largest recent order of reptiles , comprising all lizards and snakes .
Procolophonidae is an extinct family of parareptiles from the Permian and Triassic periods .
Neptunea contraria is a left - handed species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Herina rivosecchii is a species of picture - winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Croatia , France , Greece , Italy , Switzerland , and Spain .
Dicromantispa electromexicana is an extinct species of mantidfly in the neuropteran family Mantispidae known from a fossil found in North America .
Coptodon is a genus of cichlids native to Africa with C. zillii also found in the Middle East .
Donax gouldii , common name the bean clam , is a species of small saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Donacidae .
Bistolida stolida , common name the stolid cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Cirripectes alleni , the Kimberley blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Indian Ocean , around Australia .
Stygobromus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans that live in subterranean habitats .
Macradenia lutescens is a species of epiphytic orchid known by the common name longgland orchid .
Euomphalidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic marine molluscs which may be gastropods with anisostrophically coiled shells ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Ophioscincus truncatus is a species of burrowing short - limbed snake - skink that is endemic to the coastal areas and islands of New South Wales and Queensland , in Australia .
Festuca abyssinica is a species of grass which is endemic to Africa .
Lulworthia is a genus of fungi within the Lulworthiaceae family .
Rhodanthemum hosmariense ( Moroccan daisy ) is a species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae , native to the Atlas Mountains of Morocco .
Cirsium ciliolatum is a species of thistle known by the common name Ashland thistle .
Hypsoblennius maculipinna is a species of combtooth blenny found in Ecuador .
Retortamonas is a genus of flagellate protozoa that live in the intestines of various animals .
Amphizoa lecontei is a species of aquatic beetle .
Leporacanthicus triactis is a species of armored catfish native to Colombia and Venezuela where it is found in the upper Orinoco River basin .
Aeschynomene rudis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name zigzag jointvetch .
Aldanites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Goniatitida .
The Altai snowcock ( Tetraogallus altaicus ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
Pleurodonte nigrescens is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae .
It contains only one known species , Pillansia templemannii , endemic to Cape Province in South Africa .
Lobobunaea phaedusa is a species of very large moths in the family Saturniidae .
Lepanthes scopula is a species of orchid found from Mexico ( Oaxaca and Chiapas ) to Central America .
Argonauta oweri is an extinct species of argonautid octopus .
Scuticaria hadwenii is a species of orchid occurring from Guyana to Brazil .
At one time , the West African catshark was considered to be a subspecies of the nursehound , Scyliorhinus stellaris , but is now considered to be a separate species .
Conoplea is a genus of fungi first described by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801 .
Phylica polifolia ( also called Rosemary or Saint Helena Rosemary ) is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family .
Alienus curiosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Alienus .
Leptochilichthys is a genus of marine smelts containing four species .
Asiaceratops ( meaning `` Asian horned face '' ) is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur .
Poromitra crassiceps , commonly called the crested bigscale ( also called large - headed midnight fish , crested melamphid , or one - horned melamphaid ) is a species of deep sea fish in the ridgehead family .
Eurycorypha is a genus of insect in family Tettigoniidae , commonly known as Bush crickets .
Stipa tirsa is a species of perennial grass native to Europe and temperate Asia .
Becklespinax is a genus of large predatory theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of England .
Coccotrema is a genus of lichens in the Pertusariales order .
Eubalichthys is a genus of filefishes found in the eastern Indian Ocean waters around Australia .
Anomiopus lacordairei is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to French Guiana , and is only known from Cayenne .
Lundellianthus is a genus of Mesoamerican flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family .
Elaeagnus angustifolia , commonly called Russian olive , silver berry , oleaster , Persian olive , or wild olive , or commonly referred to as Senjid or Sinjid in Afghanistan and Senjed in Iran , is a species of Elaeagnus , native to western and central Asia , Afghanistan , from southern Russia and Kazakhstan to Turkey and Iran .
Pectinaria australis is one of at least ten species of polychaete worms of the family Pectinariidae .
Astragalus platytropis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name broadkeel milkvetch .
Polypedates pseudocruciger ( common names : false hour - glass tree frog or yellow tree frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to the southern Western Ghats , India .
Cleotrivia antillarum is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae , the false cowries or Cleotrivias .
Ghilianella beckeri is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae found in Brazil .
Crepis biennis is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family with the common name Rough hawksbeard .
Chaetopoa is a genus of African plants in the grass family , found only in Tanzania .
Eleutherozoa is a subphylum of echinoderms .
Polystichum dudleyi is a species of fern known by the common name Dudley 's sword fern .
The Meekoceratidae is a family of ceratitid ammonites described in the Treatise,(Arkell et al . 1957 ) as being more or less involute , compressed , discoidal , smooth to weakly ornamented ; venter arched or tabulate ; sutures ceratitic with broad saddles .
Eulophota floridella is a species of snout moth in the genus Eulophota .
Cretoperipatus burmiticus is an extinct species of velvet worm that is known from Cretaceous amber approximately 100 million years old .
Sannantha virgata is a flowering shrub species in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
Labeo pietschmanni is one of 103 species of fish in the genus Labeo .
The Bonthain rat ( Rattus bontanus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Ectatina irrorata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ectatina .
Nerita textilis , common name the textile nerite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae .
Corticium penicillatum is a species of fungus in the class Agaricomycetes .
Neolissochilus is a genus of cyprinid fishes that occur in Asia that are often grouped with the mahseers .
Canbya aurea , common name Yellow pygmy - poppy , is a plant species endemic to the relatively cool northern deserts of the western United States .
Carlquistia is a rare North American genus of flowering plants in the aster family containing the single species Carlquistia muirii .
Amanita flavoconia , commonly known as yellow patches , yellow wart , orange Amanita , or yellow - dust Amanita , is a species of mushroom in the family Amanitaceae .
Protohippus is an extinct three - toed genus of horse .
Callionymus formosanus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean from the South China Sea as well as around southern Japan and the Chesterfield Islands .
In 1986 Australian botanical taxonomist Donald McGillivray promoted the variety to species status , giving it the name Grevillea curviloba .
Plantago cordata is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name heartleaf plantain .
Pliosaurus ( meaning ' more lizard ' ) is an extinct genus of thalassophonean pliosaurid known from the Kimmeridgian and Tithonian stages ( Late Jurassic ) of Europe and South America .
Rhododendron mucronatum is a rhododendron species native to China , where it grows at altitudes of 2800 - -4500 meters .
Helianthus californicus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name California sunflower .
Gossypium herbaceum , commonly known as Levant cotton , is a species of cotton native to the semi - arid regions of sub - Saharan Africa and Arabia where it still grows in the wild as a perennial shrub .
Drosera bicolor is an erect perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Carabus hummeli nevelskii is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sakhalin , Russia .
Gobio hettitorum or the Taurus gudgeon ( also cited as dere kayasi ) is a species of gudgeon , a small freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Campanula gelida ( Czech : zvonek jesenický , pronounced ( ˈzvonɛk ˈjɛsɛɲɪtskiː ) ) is a stenoendemic , critically endangered species of perennial bellflower growing in the mountains of Hrubý Jeseník in the Czech Republic .
Brachinus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Nearctic , Palearctic , the Near East and North Africa .
Shantungosuchus is an extinct genus of Cretaceous crocodyliform found in China .
Odostomia occultidens , common name the hidden - toothed pyramid - shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Trueperella pyogenes is a species of nonmotile facultatively anaerobic Gram - positive bacteria .
Adiantum vivesii is a rare species of ferns known by the common name Puerto Rico maidenhair .
Stolephorus is a genus of fish in the Engraulidae family .
Neoregelia nivea is a plant species in the genus Neoregelia native to Brazil .
Rhus rooseae is an extinct species of flowering plant in the sumac family , Anacardiaceae , solely known from the middle Eocene sediments exposed in north central Oregon .
The Hill Mango , ( Commiphora caudata ) , also known as the Green Commiphora , is the most abundant Asian species of Commiphora of flowering plants in the frankincense and myrrh family , Burseraceae .
Parematheudes polystictella is a species of snout moth in the genus Parematheudes .
Ocotea quixos is a species of evergreen tree in the Lauraceae family , native to Ecuador and Colombia .
Carex paniculata , also called greater tussock - sedge , is a species of flowering plant in the Cyperaceae family which is 1.5 metres ( 4 ft 11 in ) high and can be found in most of Europe ( including Britain ) , Northwest Asia and North America .
Actinobacteria is a phylum of Gram - positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content in their DNA .
The Cimicomorpha are an infraorder of insects containing bugs .
Sepia mira is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean , specifically from the mouth of Clarence River , New South Wales ( 29 ° 19′S 153 ° 29′E ) to off Wooli ( 29 ° 49′S 153 ° 27′E ) in Australia .
Vaejovidae is a family of scorpions , comprising 17 genera , all found in Mexico and the southwestern United States :
Eleutherodactylus glanduliferoides is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Selle , Haiti .
The Xenodiscaceae is a superfamily within the ammonoid order Ceratitida .
Chrysophyllum viridifolium , commonly known fluted milkwood , is a potentially large ( up to 20 m tall ) species of evergreen milkwood tree that occurs in East African coastal forests and in some inland forests of the tropics and subtropics .
The genus Chilonatalus of funnel - eared bats is found in South America and the Antilles .
Acanthoscelis ruficornis , Beach ground beetle is a species of ground beetle in the Scaritinae subfamily , the only species in the genus Acanthoscelis .
Baccharis havardii is a North American species of shrubs in the aster family known by the common name Havard 's false willow .
Roboastra tigris is a species of sea slug , a polycerid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae .
Allotoma is a genus of moths in the superfamily Bombycoidea .
Coralliozetus is a genus of chaenopsid blennies mostly found in the eastern Pacific Ocean with one species ( C. cardonae ) occurring in the western Atlantic Ocean .
Quercus bicolor , the swamp white oak , is a North American species of medium - sized trees in the beech family .
Carabus hummeli middendorfi is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia , where it can only be found on Bolshoy Shantar Island in Primorsky Krai .
Acer circinatum ( vine maple ) is a species of maple native to western North America , from southwest British Columbia to northern California , usually within 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) of the Pacific Ocean coast , found along the Columbia Gorge and Coastal Forest .
Chilomycterus antillarum or the Web Burrfish , Spiny Box Puffer , Bridled Burrfish or Striped Burr Fish , is a species of fish in the genus Chilomycterus native to the Western Atlantic Ocean , southern Florida , and the Bahamas to Brazil .
Penicillium jamesonlandense is a psychrotolerant species of the genus of Penicillium .
Baltocteniza is an extinct monotypic genus of trapdoor spider in the Ctenizidae subfamily Ctenizinae and at present , it contains the single species Baltocteniza kulickae .
Manefishes are perciform fishes in the family Caristiidae , which today includes 19 extant species distributed in four genera .
At present it contains the single species Coprinites dominicana .
The genus contains a single species , Pakaraimaea dipterocarpacea , from South America .
Lestes barbarus is a species of damselfly of the family Lestidae , the spreadwings .
Nothobranchius rubripinnis is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family .
Cirsium crassicaule is a species of thistle known by the common name slough thistle .
Djupedalia is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosauroid plesiosaur known from the uppermost Jurassic of central Spitsbergen , Norway .
Anxylotoles caudatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Anxylotoles .
Latia is a genus of very small , air - breathing freshwater snails or limpets , aquatic pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Chilinoidea .
Isla Vista virus ( ILV ) is an enveloped , single - stranded , negative - sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family .
Arnoldius is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
Hieracium scabrum , rough hawkweed , is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Aegyrcitherium was a genus of rhinoceros endemic to Europe during the Miocene living from 16.9 - -16 mya existing for approximately 0.9 million years .
Echinops echinatus , Indian globe thistle , is a species of globe thistle , found in India Pakistan , and Sri Lanka .
Athyrium medium is a species of fern in the Athyriaceae family .
Gogo ornatus is a species of catfish of the family Anchariidae endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Mangoro River basin .
Microgale is a genus of mammal in the family Tenrecidae .
Primula allionii is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae , native to cliffs in southern France and northern Italy .
Nybelinoides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Early Cretaceous .
Malaconotus is a genus of bird in the bush - shrike family Malaconotidae .
Aerangis luteoalba is a species of epiphytic orchid native to eastern and central Africa .
Hemignathini is a tribe of Hawaiian honeycreeper birds .
Liatris provincialis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Godfrey 's blazing star and Godfrey 's gayflower .
Lepanthes stenophylla is a species of orchid found from Mexico ( Chiapas ) to Venezuela .
Neraudia ovata , commonly known as Big Island maʻoloa , is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family , Urticaceae , that is endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii .
Nebria lareyniei is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found on the island of Corsica , near France .
Belonogaster petiolata is a species of primitively eusocial wasp that dwells in southern Africa , in temperate or subhumid climate zones .
Swima bombiviridis is a worm species that lives in the deep ocean .
Oberea bicoloricornis is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Pic in 1915 .
Cynoglossus cadenati , commonly known as the Ghanaian tonguesole is a species of tonguefish .
Tillandsia xerographica is a species of bromeliad that is native to southern Mexico , El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras .
It contains the single species Asparus bicolor , which is found in South Africa .
Paraspilotragus diversevittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paraspilotragus .
Thevetia is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae , first described for modern science as a genus in 1758 .
The Melobesioideae are a subfamily of Corallinacean Coralline alga with multiporate conceptacles .
Oedothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae , containing the single species Oedothelphusa orientalis .
Geoxus valdivianus , also known as the long - clawed mole mouse or Valdivian long - clawed akodont , is a species of rodent in the tribe Abrotrichini of family Cricetidae found in the Valdivian temperate rain forests and Magellanic subpolar forests of Argentina and Chile .
Phenacoccus manihoti is a scale insect species .
Caulophyllum is a small genus of perennial herbs in the family Berberidaceae .
Asarum hartwegii is a species of wild ginger known by the common name Hartweg 's wild ginger .
Ouranosaurus ( meaning `` brave ( monitor ) lizard '' ) is a genus of herbivorous iguanodont dinosaur that lived during the early Cretaceous ( late Aptian age ) at some point between 125 and 112 million years ago , in what is now Africa .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Funiliomyces biseptatus .
Neopanorpa is a genus of scorpionflies of Southeast Asia .
Edingerella is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Madagascar .
Dinaelurus crassus is the ancestor of the fictional species , Dinaelurus illumina sapiens , in the Ratha or `` Named '' series by author Clare Bell .
Anabarilius liui liui is a subspecies of Anabarilius liui .
Penicillium antarcticum is an ubiquitous , endophytic fungus species of the genus Penicillium .
Navarretia leucocephala is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name whitehead pincushionplant , or whitehead navarretia .
Pseudofrea tanganjicae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudofrea .
It is the sole species in the genus Ismelia .
Barsine perpusilla is a species of moth of the Eribidae family , Arctiinae subfamily .
Psychromonas antarctica is a species of Proteobacteria . The halophilic and psychrophile bacterium was first isolated from a salinity pond in Antarctica .
Exomalopsis is a genus of bees in the family Apidae .
Streptomyces ferralitis is a Gram - positive , aerobic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from ultramafic soil in New Caledonia .
Ihering 's three - striped opossum ( Monodelphis iheringi ) , is an opossum species found in Argentina and Brazil .
Dracula sergioi is an epiphytic species of orchid in the genus Dracula .
Agriocoris flavipes is an assassin bug in the monotypic genus of Agriocoris , belonging to the family Reduviidae .
Limodorum is an orchid genus in the family Orchidaceae .
Cistanthe ambigua ( formerly Calandrinia ambigua ) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name desert pussypaws .
Erythrocercus is a genus of bird found in Africa .
Plataplochilus is a genus of poeciliid fishes native to Middle Africa .
Peperomia nivalis is a species of plant native to Peru .
Tineidae is a family of moths in the order Lepidoptera .
Dipodium freycinetioides is an orchid species that is native to Palau .
Sedum is a large genus of flowering plants in the family Crassulaceae , members of which are commonly known as stonecrops .
Asterococcus is a genus of green algae in the order Chlamydomonadales .
Polygonum polygaloides is a North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common names milkwort knotweed and polygala knotweed .
Prisopus is a genus of stick insects belonging to the family Pseudophasmatidae .
Alicyclobacillus is a genus of Gram positive , rod - shaped , sporeforming , bacteria .
However , Rhizanthella slateri is difficult to detect ; it is usually located when the soil is disturbed , and there may well be more locations of the species within its known range .
The Eurasian wryneck ( Jynx torquilla ) is a species of wryneck in the woodpecker family .
Cervus is a genus of deer that primarily are native to Eurasia , although one species occurs in northern Africa and another in North America .
Calostemma luteum is a perennial bulbous plant species in the Amaryllis family ( Amaryllidaceae ) .
Carex cusickii is a species of sedge known by the common name Cusick 's sedge .
Biscutella laevigata , the buckler - mustard , is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae .
Gallacoccus is a genus of the scale insects commonly known as beesoniids .
Syacium is a genus of large - tooth flounders found in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans .
Bourletiella viridescens is a species of springtail .
Porophyllum gracile is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names odora and slender poreleaf .
Hypericum tetrapterum ( syn . H. quadrangulum ) is a herbaceous perennial plant species in the flowering plant family Hypericaceae .
Venerupis corrugata , the pullet carpet shell , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
Arnica angustifolia is an Arctic and alpine species of plants in the sunflower family , known by the common names narrowleaf arnica and Arctic arnica .
Triphysaria versicolor is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name yellowbeak owl's - clover .
Colletes hederae , the ivy bee , is a species of plasterer bee belonging to the family Colletidae subfamily Colletinae .
Xeromphalina fraxinophila is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family .
The only species in the genus is Gonerilia seraphim .
Paramysis bakuensis is a species of mysid crustacean from the genus Paramysis , named by the locality from where it was originally described , the town of Baku in Azerbaijan by the Caspian Sea .
Amaurobius is a genus of araneomorph spiders with mostly holarctic distribution .
Speleogobius trigloides , also known as the Grotto goby , is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea where it is known to inhabit grottoes at depths of from 8 to 25 metres ( 26 to 82 ft ) .
Synodontis gobroni is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Niger River basin where it is found in the nations of Guinea , Mali , Niger and Nigeria .
Omphalocera occidentalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Omphalocera .
Galium grayanum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Gray 's bedstraw .
Eristalinus barclayi is a species of African hoverfly found in Malawi .
Deronectes ferrugineus is a species of beetle in family Dytiscidae .
Molluginaceae are a family of flowering plants recognized by several taxonomists .
Bobtail squid ( order Sepiolida ) are a group of cephalopods closely related to cuttlefish .
Hydroginella wareni is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Calyptronoma plumeriana is a pinnately compound leaved palm species which is found in Cuba , Haiti and the Dominican Republic .
Papilio birchallii is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Colombia , Panama and Costa Rica .
The type species , Faxinalipterus minima was named and described in 2010 by José Fernando Bonaparte , Marina Bento Soares and César Leandro Schultz .
Callionymus russelli is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters off of Papua New Guinea .
Dimorphotheca cuneata , commonly known as the rain flower or white bietou , is a plant species native to South Africa ( Fynbos , Succulent Karoo , Nama Karoo , etc . ) .
Acidomonas methanolica is the only known species from the genus Acetobacter .
Togninia is a fungus genus and the type genus in the family Togniniaceae .
Penicillium grevilleicola is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from Grevillea ilicifolia .
Zosteraeschna minuscula , the friendly hawker is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae .
Dictydiaethalium is a genus of slime molds composed of D. plumbeum and D. dictyosporum .
Rochinia is a genus of crab in the family Epialtidae , containing the following species :
Iroponera ( from Latin ironia , `` assumed ignorance '' , -pone , from the name of the subfamily ) is a monotypic genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Ekmanianthe is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae .
Penicillium montanense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces tannase .
Ecdeiocolea monostachya is a species of grass - like plant from Western Australia .
Kanekotrochus infuscatusis , common name the dusky jewel top shell , a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails
Pseudosimochromis curvifrons is a species of mouthbrooding cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika .
Guinusia , is a genus of crabs containing the following species :
Miomantis is a genus of praying mantis in the subfamily Miomantinae .
Microvoluta royana is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae .
Galearis fauriei is a species of orchid endemic to Japan ( southern Honshu ) .
Haworthia minima is a species of Haworthia succulent plant , from the far south of the Western Cape , South Africa .
Dorycera longiceps is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Tephritidae .
Oenogenes congrualis is a species of snout moth in the genus Oenogenes .
Lycodesmus superbus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Lycodesmus .
Xenocretosuchus is a genus of probable tritylodont therapsids from the Aptian ( Early Cretaceous ) of Siberia , in the Russian Federation .
Calamintha is a genus of plants that belongs to the family Lamiaceae .
There is only one known species , Zyzyxia lundellii .
Squalius squalus , commonly known as the Italian chub , is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family Cyprinidae .
Malacoctenus zonogaster , the Belted blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California to Peru including the Galapagos Islands .
Rickettsia heilongjiangensis is a species of gram negative Alphaproteobacteria , within the spotted fever group , being carried by ticks .
Nymphon gracile is a species of sea spider first described by William Elford Leach in 1863 .
Parentucellia is a small genus of flowering plants in the broomrape family containing about four species .
Metridium senile , common name the plumose anemone or frilled anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Metridiidae .
Scapania sphaerifera is a species of plant in the Scapaniaceae family .
Crassula helmsii , known as swamp stonecrop or New Zealand pigmyweed , is an aquatic or semiterrestrial species of succulent plant in the family Crassulaceae .
Menegazzia testacea is a species of lichen found in New Zealand and Australia .
Eburiola geminata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Eburiola .
Scapanus is a genus of moles in the family Talpidae .
Sticharium dorsale , the Sand crawler , is a species of clinid endemic to the coast of southern Australia .
Neorossia leptodons is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean , from New South Wales ( 32 ° 08′S 153 ° 07′E ) to South Australia ( 33 ° 58′S 131 ° 22′E ) .
Sphodromantis conspicua is a species of praying mantis found in Burkina Faso and Senegal .
Coursetia is a large genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae .
Hoeneodes sinensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hoeneodes .
Coccographis nigrorubra is a species of beetles found in Laos and more generally in Southern Asia .
Bullia pura , common name the pure plough shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
The Cronartiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Uredinales .
Tecticornia bibenda is a species of plant of the Salicornioideae family from Western Australia .
Tillandsia ignesiae is a bromeliad species in the genus Tillandsia .
Homo naledi is an extinct species of hominin , which anthropologists first described in 2015 and have assigned to the genus Homo .
Whatcheeria is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the Early Carboniferous of Iowa .
Gelidocalamus is a genus of small to medium - sized bamboos in the grass family , native primarily to the mountains of eastern China , although one species ( G. kunishii ) is native to Taiwan and to the Nansei - shoto ( Ryukyu Islands ) region in Japan .
Zodarion pseudoelegans is a spider species found in Spain , France and Ibiza .
Galium arenarium or sand bedstraw is a plant species of the genus Galium .
Acropora cerealis is a species of acroporid coral found throughout the Indian and Pacific oceans , from the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden to the Hawaiian Islands and the Johnston Atoll .
Bifidobacterium breve is a bacterial species of the Bifidobacterium genus which has probiotic properties .
Caladenia plicata , commonly known as the crab -- lipped spider orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Jaltomata antillana ( Antilles false holly ) is a plant species native to Jamaica , the Dominican Republic , Haiti , Cuba and Puerto Rico .
Scapozygoceropsis albertisi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Scapozygoceropsis .
Nyctibatrachus deccanensis ( common names : Deccan night frog , Deccan wrinkled frog ) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the southern Western Ghats in Tamil Nadu and Kerala states , India .
The Drepanosiphinae are a subfamily of the family Aphididae ; while a few authors have suggested treating the group as a family , this has not been adopted in the most recent classifications .
Caridina is a genus of freshwater atyid shrimp .
Pecten jacobaeus , the Mediterranean scallop , is a species of scallop , an edible saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae , the scallops .
Aegoceropsis fervida is a species of moth from the genus Aegoceropsis .
Ericameria ophitidis is a North American species of flowering shrubs in the daisy family .
Demodioides transversevittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Demodioides .
Ureaplasma canigenitalium is a species of Ureaplasma , a genus of bacteria belonging to the family Mycoplasmataceae .
Symphoricarpos acutus , the sharpleaf snowberry , is a North American species of trailing shrubs in the honeysuckle family .
Cuora serrata , originally described as Cuora galbinifrons serrata by Iverson & Mccord ( 1992 ) and later considered a distinct species by Obst & Fritz ( 1997 ) are hybrids as shown by the genetic studies of Stuart & Parham ( 2004 ) .
Plagius is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family .
Iresine diffusa ( Juba 's bush ) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family .
The Sparidae are a family of fish in the order Perciformes , commonly called sea breams and porgies ( North America ) .
Altica is a large genus of flea beetles in the subfamily Galerucinae , with about 300 species , distributed nearly worldwide .
Ictidomys parvidens is a species of squirrel in the family Sciuridae .
Allium hyalinum is a Californian species of wild onion known by the common name glassy onion .
Scaphyglottis atwoodii is a species of epiphytic orchid from Costa Rica .
Solidago kralii , common name Kral 's godenrod , is a North American plant species first described as a new species in 2003 .
Anoectochilus setaceus , the Bristly Anoectochilus , is a species of orchid native to the island of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia .
Megalancosaurus is a genus of extinct reptile from the Late Triassic period of Northern Italy , and one of the best known drepanosaurids .
Porcellio festai is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Italy .
Meconema is a genus of insects in the Tettigoniidae family .
Goniomonas is a genus of single - celled eukaryotes , including both freshwater and marine species .
Crocidura kegoensis , also known as the Ke Go shrew or Ke Go white - toothed shrew , is a species of shrew in the subfamily Crocidura described in 2004 .
Ceratomantis saussurii is a species of praying mantis native to Myanmar , Thailand , and Borneo .
Palpimanidae is a family of spiders , known as palp - footed spiders .
The tupelo leafminer moth ( Antispila nysaefoliella ) is a species of moth of the Heliozelidae family .
Peltorhamphus is a genus of righteye flounders native to the southwest Pacific Ocean around New Zealand and Norfolk Island ( Australia ) .
Cardites antiquatus is a species of marine bivalve molluscs , in the family Carditidae .
Achnatherum pekinense ( Chinese : 京芒草 ) is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family which is endemic to China where it can be found on elevation of 300 - -3,600 metres ( 980 - -11,810 ft ) and was introduced to Japan and Korea as well .
Quercus lanata or woolly - leaved oak is a species of Quercus native to southern and southeastern Asia ( Himalayas , Assam , Bhutan , Nepal , Indochina ( Vietnam , Myanmar , northern Thailand ) , and southwestern China ( Guangxi , Tibet , Yunnan ) ) .
Madysaurus is one of the most primitive cynodonts and is placed in its own family , Madysauridae .
Songs Dysthaeta is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , containing the following species :
Alangium griffithi is a species of plant in the Alangiaceae family .
Lomatium utriculatum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name common lomatium or spring gold .
Dolioletta gegenbauri is a species of tunicate in the family Doliolidae .
Conus diadema , common name the diadem cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The Xylariales are an order of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes ( also known as Pyrenomycetes ) , subdivision Pezizomycotina , division Ascomycota .
Clanculus ormophorus is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Odontothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae , containing the following species :
Bathyphlebia is a genus of moths of the Saturniidae family .
Pseudepidalea brongersmai , also known as the Tiznit Toad , is an amphibian species found in northwest Africa , chiefly occurring in Morocco and Algeria .
Nicolla skrjabini is a species of trematode in the family Opecoelidae .
Aconitum violaceum is a perennial species distributed in the Himalayan region of India , Pakistan and Nepal .
The Trichocephalida ( Trichinellida or Trichurida in other classifications ) is an order of parasitic Nematodes .
Legionella anisa is a Gram - negative bacterium , one of more than 40 species in the family Legionellaceae .
Lindbladia tubulina is a slime mould species from the order Liceida and the only member of its genus .
Streptococcus canis is a group G beta - hemolytic species of Streptococcus .
Acropyga is a genus of small formicine ants .
Conus lividus , common name the livid cone , is a species of sophisticated predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Peristichia toreta , common name the tower pyram , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Pogonatum urnigerum is a species of moss in the family Polytrichaceae , commonly called urn haircap .
Osteobrama is a genus of cyprinid fish found in southern Asia consisting of eight species .
Actenicerus siaelandicus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae , subfamily Dendrometrinae .
Ctenactis echinata is a free - living species of solitary disc coral in the family Fungiidae .
Fervidobacterium changbaicum is a species of thermophilic anaerobic bacteria .
Allium heteronema is a plant species endemic to Sichuan in China .
Characium marinum is a species of green algae ( Chlorophyta ) .
Rhododendron decorum ( 大白杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to Myanmar and Guizhou , Sichuan , Xizang , and Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 1000 - -3300 meters .
Micromonospora is a genus of bacteria of the family Micromonosporaceae .
Cylindrobulla beauii is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cylindrobullidae .
Limacella delicata is a mushroom species in the genus Limacella .
Ramaria flaccida is a species of coral fungus in the Gomphaceae family .
Apochiton is a genus of East African plants in the grass family .
Rhagoletis batava ( seabuckthorn fruit fly ) is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae .
Amelanchier laevis ( commonly known as the smooth shadbush or Allegheny serviceberry ) is a North American species of trees in the rose family , growing up to 9 metres ( 30 ft ) tall .
Boa constrictor imperator is a nonvenomous boa constrictor subspecies found in Central America .
Origanum laevigatum ( oregano ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to Cyprus , Syria , and Turkey .
Traditionally , all figbirds have been considered part of a single species , S. viridis , but all recent major authorities recognize three species , the Australasian figbird ( S. viieilloti ) , the Timor figbird ( S. viridis ) and the Wetar figbird .
Oreostemma peirsonii ( formerly Aster peirsonii ) is a species of aster known by the common names Peirson 's aster and Peirson 's mountaincrown .
Oreopithecus has been claimed to exhibit features that are adaptations to upright walking , such as the presence of a lumbar curve , in distinction to otherwise similar species known from the same period .
A family Anurognathidae was named in 1928 by Franz Nopcsa von Felső - Szilvás ( as the subfamily Anurognathinae ) with Anurognathus as the type genus .
Pinus roxburghii ( known as chir pine ) is a species of pine .
Ctenorhabdotus capulus is an extinct species of ctenophore ( or comb jelly ) , known from the Canadian Burgess shale in British Columbia .
Juniperus gracilior is a species of conifer in the cypress family , Cupressaceae .
Cheiloneurus elegans is a parasitic wasp species in the genus Cheiloneurus .
Crataegus monogyna , known as common hawthorn or single - seeded hawthorn , is a species of hawthorn native to Europe , northwest Africa and western Asia .
Brighamia rockii , known as the Molokai ohaha or Pua ʻala in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family , Campanulaceae , that is endemic to the island of Molokaʻi in Hawaii .
Peridiniales is an order of Dinoflagellates .
Though the species Lactobacillus reuteri has been recognized for some time , knowledge of its probiotic properties did not come until much later .
Trichocentrum carthagenense is a species of orchid found from the Caribbean and Mexico to northern Brazil .
Allosauridae was a family of medium to large sized carnivorous theropod dinosaurs .
Canalipalpata , also known as bristle - footed annelids or fan - head worms , is an infraclass of polychaete worms , with 31 families in it including the Sabellida ( tubeworms , fanworms , and feather duster worms ) and the Alvinellidae , a family of deep - sea worms associated with hydrothermal vents .
Ophiacodontidae is an extinct family of early synapsids from the Carboniferous and Permian .
Ecnomiohyla echinata ( common name : Oaxacan fringe - limbed treefrog ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
Trogosus is an extinct genus of tillodont mammal .
Vaccinium membranaceum is a species within the group of Vaccinium commonly referred to as huckleberry .
Cydia deshaisiana or jumping bean moth is a moth from Mexico that is most widely known as its larva , where it inhabits the carpels of seeds from several species of the shrub genus Sebastiania ( S. pavoniana or S. palmeri ) .
Bombacaceae were long recognised as a family of flowering plants or Angiospermae .
Ficus papyratia is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ficidae , the fig shells .
Bufo dodsoni , commonly known as Dodson 's toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Calocybe is a small genus of about 40 species of mushroom , including St. George 's mushroom , which is edible , and milky mushroom , which is edible and is cultivated in India .
Alidus biplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Alidus .
Codophila is a genus of ' shield bugs ' belonging to the Pentatomidae family Pentatomidae subfamily .
Batrachedra amydraula , the lesser date moth , is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family found from Bangladesh to western Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Israel , Iraq , and Iran , as well as most of North Africa .
Anelsonia is a monotypic genus in the mustard family containing the single species Anelsonia eurycarpa , which is known by the common name daggerpod .
Divaricella quadrisulcata , or the cross - hatched lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Chimonobambusa tumidissinoda ( 筇竹 , walking stick bamboo ) is a bamboo species , endemic to southwest Sichuan and northeast Yunnan , China , that has been used for walking sticks since the Han Dynasty .
Alsinidendron lychnoides is a species of plant in the carnation family , Caryophyllaceae .
Acrocoelus is a genus of alveolate .
Technomyrmex elatior is a species of dolichoderine ant which is a widespread species that can be found in many Indo - Australian , Oriental , and Palaearctic regions .
Triteleia grandiflora is a species of flowering plant known by the common names largeflower triteleia , largeflower tripletlily and wild hyacinth .
Gentianella amarella ( the autumn gentian or autumn felwort ) is a species of the genus Gentianella .
Albertadromeus is an extinct genus of orodromine thescelosaurid ornithopod dinosaur known from the upper part of the Late Cretaceous Oldman Formation ( middle Campanian stage ) of Alberta , Canada .
Barbus ciscaucasicus ( Terek barbel ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pachythyrium parasiticum .
Chaenactis glabriuscula , with the common name Yellow pincushion , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Baliesthes alboguttatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Baliesthes .
Brentidae is a cosmopolitan family of primarily xylophagous beetles also known as straight - snouted weevils .
It contains the single species Bryantia caudata , which is found on Java .
Allotoca meeki , commonly known as the Zirahuen allotica or the tiro de Zirahuén , is a species of fish endemic to Lake Zirahuén , a small endorheic mountain lake in Michoacán state of central Mexico .
Olivella biplicata , common names the `` purple dwarf olive '' `` purple olive shell '' or `` purple olivella '' is a species of small predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olivellidae , the dwarf olives .
Adrastus rachifer is a species of beetle from a family of elateridae in a genus of Adrastus .
Philydrosaurus is an extinct genus of choristoderan which existed in China during the Early Cretaceous .
Charpentiera densiflora is a rare species of tree in the amaranth family known by the common names dense - flowered pāpala and Nā Pali Coast pāpala .
Species There is only one known species , Monogereion carajensis , native to the State of Pará in northeastern Brazil .
Elmisaurus is an extinct genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Latropiscis purpurissatus , the Sergeant Baker , is a species of flagfin endemic to Australia .
Farlowella smithi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the middle Madeira River basin .
Amurosaurus ( /əˌmʊəroʊˈsɔːrəs/ ; `` Amur lizard '' ) is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaurid dinosaur found in the latest Cretaceous period ( 66 million years ago ) of eastern Asia .
Limosella aquatica is a widespread species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name water mudwort .
Charpentiera is a flowering plant genus in the pigweed family , Amaranthaceae .
Bacillariaceae is a family of diatoms in the phylum Heterokontophyta .
Bulbostylis neglecta was first collected by William John Burchell in 1806 , although the specimen was not described as a new species until 1884 .
Stellerina xyosterna , the Pricklebreast poacher , is a species of poacher native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from Canada to northern Mexico .
The only described species is Parathitarodes changi , which is found in Taiwan .
Cerithiopsis atalaya is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from European oceans .
Neocollyris schillhammeri is a species of ground beetle in the genus Neocollyris in the family Carabidae .
Ixalotriton parva , the dwarf false brook salamander , is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Rafflesia baletei is a parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia .
Bothriolepis ( Greek ; meaning `` pitted scale '' or `` trench scale '' ) is a widespread , abundant and diverse genus of antiarch placoderms , that was present during the Middle to Late Devonian period of the Paleozoic Era .
Aphaenogaster mayri is an extinct species of ant in formicid subfamily Myrmicinae known from a series of Late Eocene fossils found in North America .
Georissa laevigata is a species of a land snail , a minute cave snail , gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrocenidae .
Caseidae is an extinct family of synapsids from the Carboniferous and Permian period .
Thiseltonia is a genus of Australian plants in the pussy's - toes tribe within the daisy family .
Cinerocaris is an extinct genus of crustacean which existed in the United Kingdom .
Cyrtandra tintinnabula is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name Laupahoehoe cyrtandra .
Calocephalus aervoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family , Asteraceae , native to Western Australia .
Miomantis caffra is a species of praying mantis native to Southern Africa .
Merrillanthus is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1941 .
Megalonema is a genus of long - whiskered catfishes native to South America .
Deinopis is a genus of spiders known as net - casting spiders , gladiator spiders and ogre - faced spiders .
Chemsakiellus taurus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Chemsakiellus .
Bouvier 's red colobus ( Piliocolobus bouvieri ) is a species of colobus monkey rediscovered in the Republic of the Congo in 2015 , after four decades without a confirmed sighting .
Sarcodon joeides ( the epithet is sometimes spelled ionides or jonides ) is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae .
Euchiloglanis kishinouyei is a species of sisorid catfish native to Asia .
Sceloporus occidentalis becki , commonly known as the island fence lizard , is a subspecies of the western fence lizard , Sceloporus occidentalis .
Scutus breviculus is a species of large sea snail or limpet with the common name `` shield shell '' .
Rhinanthus angustifolius or Greater Yellow - rattle is a Lamiales plant species of the genus Rhinanthus .
Oreaster reticulatus , commonly known as the red cushion sea star or the West Indian sea star , is a species of marine invertebrate , a starfish in the family Oreasteridae .
Euchilichthys royauxi is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Angola , Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia .
Extra extra or Marginella extra is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae .
Lechriaspis is an extinct genus of poraspid heterostracan agnathan known from the Early Devonian of northern Utah , western United States .
Caviomorpha is the rodent infraorder or parvorder that unites all New World hystricognaths .
Mammillaria hahniana ( old lady cactus ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae , native to central Mexico .
Lepetopsidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Patellogastropoda .
Octomeria chamaeleptotes is a species of orchid occurring from Brazil to Argentina ( Misiones ) .
Cotaena mediana is a species of sedge moths , and for a long time the only species in the genus Cotaena .
Bungarus candidus , commonly known as the Malayan krait or blue krait , is a species of krait , a venomous elapid snake .
Taxitheliella is a genus of moss in family Sematophyllaceae .
Hymenoxys brachyactis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names East View rubberweed and tall bitterweed .
The genus ( Ziapelta ) was named after the Zia sun symbol , a religious image for the Zia people and an element of the flag of New Mexico , and the Latin word pelta ( `` shield '' ) , referring to ankylosaurids ' osteoderms .
Megacephala martii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830 .
Hydrophis melanocephalus , commonly known as the slender - necked sea snake , is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae .
Dendroctonus frontalis , the southern pine beetle , is a species of bark beetle native to the forests of southern United States , Mexico and Central America .
Senna socotrana is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Yemen .
Anthocercis , commonly known as tailflower , is a genus of shrubs which are endemic in southern temperate Australia with the center of distribution in the South West Botanical Province of Western Australia .
Stictoleptura rubra , the Red - brown Longhorn Beetle , is a species of beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae .
Jatropha costaricensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Costa Rican jatropha .
Heterophyidae is a family of intestinal flukes of the class trematoda .
Stromatopelma fumigatum is a species of spider , in the theraphosidae family , currently contained within the Stromatopelminae subfamily .
Proteromonas is a genus of heterokont .
Ciliopagurus babai is a species of hermit crab native to Wakayama .
The genus Pentacosmodon , named by Jepsen in 1940 , is known from the species Pentacosmodon pronus .
Heterosperma is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , native to North and South America .
Davidaster is a genus of crinoids .
Calochortus tolmiei is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Tolmie star - tulip and pussy ears .
Thalassia testudinum , commonly known as turtlegrass , is a species of marine seagrass .
Galium sterneri or limestone bedstraw is a plant species of the Rubiaceae .
Odontorchilus is a small genus of South American birds in the Troglodytidae family .
The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the Sordariomycetes class is unknown ( incertae sedis ) , and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order . This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Teracosphaeria petroica .
The Rock firefinch ( Lagonosticta sanguinodorsalis ) is a species of estrildid finch found in northern Nigeria .
Latrodectus mactans , known as the southern black widow or simply black widow , is a highly venomous species of spider in the genus Latrodectus .
Gibasis is genus of flowering plants within the Commelinaceae family , first described in 1837 .
Hypancistrus is a genus of loricariid catfish originating from the Amazon basin in South America .
Empis stercorea is a large species of dance fly , in the fly family Empididae .
The holotrichous lady 's mantle ( Alchemilla jaroschenkoi ) is a species of lady 's mantle that is endemic to Azerbaijan , where it is only known from near Kiçik Cheurly .
Armadillidium pictum is a species of woodlouse which occurs over most of Europe , except the Mediterranean Basin and Southeast Europe .
Euthynnus lineatus , the black skipjack or black skipjack tuna , is a species of ray - finned bony fish in the family Scombridae .
Palaeomystella is a genus of moths in the Agonoxenidae family .
Luscosmodicum beaveri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Luscosmodicum .
The spider species Nephila senegalensis is commonly known as the banded - legged golden orb - web spider .
Enchelyurus brunneolus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean , around Hawaii .
Suuwassea ( meaning `` ancient thunder '' ) is a genus of dicraeosaurid sauropod dinosaur found in the Upper Jurassic strata of the Morrison Formation , located in southern Carbon County , Montana , USA .
Iris boissieri ( also known as the ' Yellowbeard Iris ' ) , is a species in the genus Iris , it is also in the subgenus of Xiphium .
Chlorobium ( also known as Chlorochromatium ) is a genus of green sulfur bacteria .
Elaeophora sagitta is a parasitic nematode found in the heart , coronary arteries and pulmonary arteries of several ruminant species and African buffaloes in Africa .
Allium sanbornii is a North American species of wild onion known by the common name Sanborn 's onion .
Novopsocus is a genus in the Pseudocaeciliidae family , with , until 2008 , one described species endemic to New Guinea .
Cedrela odorata is a commercially important species of tree in the chinaberry family , Meliaceae , commonly known as Spanish cedar or Cuban cedar .
Annamia is a small genus of gastromyzontid loaches native to Southeast Asia , with these species , though one of them is of doubtful validity and identity :
Dolicholatirus cayohuesonicus is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , tulip snails and their allies .
Kuszholia ( meaning `` Milky Way bird '' after the Kazakh term for the Milky Way , kus zholi ) is the name given to a genus of primitive birds or bird - like dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous .
Xylorhiza tortifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Mojave - aster and Mojave woodyaster .
The Gobionellinae are a subfamily of fish in the family Gobiidae , the gobies .
Chlamys swifti , common name Swift 's scallop , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae .
It was first discovered by western scientists only in October 1999 and was shortly thereafter described as a new genus and species , namely Xanthocyparis vietnamensis , closely related to Nootka cypress ( Xanthocyparis nootkatensis ) , which was also transferred to this new genus .
Zodarion maculatum is a spider species found in Portugal , Spain , Sicily and Morocco .
Bouliachelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from Cretaceous .
Tritonioidea is a superfamily of small sea slugs , nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Dendronotida .
Myosotella myosotis , common name the mouse ear snail , is a European species of small , salt marsh snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae .
Microstomatichthyoborus is a genus of distichodontid fishes endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Camissonia strigulosa is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name sandysoil suncup .
Gerbera ( /ˈdʒɜːrbərə/ or /ˈɡɜːrbərə/ ) L. is a genus of plants in the Asteraceae ( daisy family ) .
Laetesia is a genus of sheet weavers that was described by Simon in 1908 .
Epiphyllum phyllanthus , commonly known as the climbing cactus is a species of epiphytic cacti .
Pterichthyodes is a genus of antiarch placoderm fishes from the Devonian period .
Mesorhizobium tianshanense , formerly known as Rhizobium tianshanense , is a Gram negative species of bacteria found in the root nodules of many plant species .
The Indomalayan pencil - tailed tree mouse ( Chiropodomys gliroides ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Oenanthe pimpinelloides is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name corky - fruited water - dropwort .
Zodarion emarginatum is a spider species found in France , Corsica , Malta and Greece .
Cherentes niveilateris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cherentes .
Hemimeridae is a family of earwigs , the only family in the suborder Hemimerina , one of the four suborders in the order Dermaptera .
Neblinichthys yaravi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Kukenan River basin .
The Calabozoidae are a family of isopod crustaceans , placed in its own order , Calabozoida or Calabozoidea .
Macropodanthus cootesii , known as Cootes ' Macropodanthus , is a species from the family Orchidaceae that is endemic to the Philippines .
The suborder Sciuromorpha contains 307 living species in 61 genera and seven families .
Bulinus hightoni is a species of freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Astrosarkus idipi is a species of sea star in the family Oreasteridae .
Dischidia diphylla was described by Adolph Daniel Edward Elmer but never validly published since Elmer failed to include Latin diagnoses or descriptions for the species he described after 1934 .
Saponaria ocymoides ( rock soapwort or tumbling Ted ) is a species of semi - evergreen perennial flowering plant belonging to the family Caryophyllaceae , native to south western and southern central Europe .
Ancylus is a genus of very small , freshwater , air - breathing limpets .
Cyperus acuminatus is a common species of sedge known by several common names , including tapertip flatsedge and pale umbrella - sedge .
Echinocystis is a monotypic genus in the gourd / melon / cucumber family Cucurbitaceae , with the sole species Echinocystis lobata , commonly called wild cucumber , prickly cucumber , or balsam apple .
Sycon faulkneri is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Sycettidae .
Arthuria dubia is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Arthuria from Australia .
Restrepia aspasicensium is a species of orchid occurring from Colombia to northwestern Venezuela .
Parcoblatta americana , the western wood cockroach , is a species of wood cockroach that occurs in Mexico and the western United States .
Terminalia petiolaris , commonly known as blackberry tree or billygoat plum , or marool in the local Bardi language , is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family .
Cyrtandra viridiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family .
Gonepteryx maderensis , the Madeira Brimstone , is a species of butterfly in the Pieridae family .
Hakea epiglottis is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae , endemic to Tasmania .
The apple humble - bee or apple bumblebee ( Bombus pomorum ) is a species of bumblebee .
Apolania is a monotypic genus of wandering spider , containing the species Apolania segmentata .
Omoglymmius hamatus is a species of beetle in the family Rhysodidae .
Neophygas microcephalus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Neophygas .
Ochropyge is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae .
Mesoclemmys perplexa is a species of turtle from Northeast Brazil .
Conus augur , common name the auger cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Batrachedra arenosella , the coconut moth , is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family found in India , Indonesia , Malaya , and La Réunion , as well as New Zealand and Australia , from the Northern Territory and northern Queensland to New South Wales and South Australia .
Sthenurus ( `` strong tail '' ) is an extinct genus of kangaroo .
Tartarocreagris texana is a species of arachnid in family Neobisiidae .
Delphinium gracilentum is a species of larkspur known by the common name pine forest larkspur .
Allium plurifoliatum is a Chinese species of wild onion .
Completoria is a fungal genus in the monotypic family Completoriaceae , of the order Entomophthorales .
Eremina desertorum ( formerly Helix desertorum ) is a species of land snail in the genus Eremina .
Typhlonus nasus is a species of cusk - eel found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans at depths from 3,935 to 5,100 m ( 12,910 to 16,732 ft ) .
Guapira is a genus of Neotropical shrubs in Four O'Clock Family .
Zodarion scutatum is a spider species found in Slovenia and Croatia .
Yersinia bercovieri is a Gram - negative species of enteric bacteria .
Sassafras randaiense is a species of deciduous tree in the Lauraceae family belonging to the genus Sassafras .
Bromus berteroanus , commonly known as Chilean chess , is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family native to drier areas of North and South America .
Houlletia brocklehurstiana is a species of orchid native to Brazil ( from Rio de Janeiro to Paraná ) .
Allium nevadense is a species of wild onion known by the common name Nevada onion .
Acaena emittens is a species of perennial plant limited to scrubland and forest clearings at an altitude of 450 - 1500 m in central North Island , New Zealand .
Astroloma conostephioides , commonly known as Flame Heath , is small shrub species in the family Ericaceae .
Jianghanichthys is an extinct genus of is a bony fishes or Osteichthyes , belonging to the order Cypriniformes .
Astragalus tennesseensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Tennessee milkvetch .
Hesperocorixa castanea is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera .
Beloniformes is an order composed of six families ( and about 264 species ) of freshwater and marine ray - finned fish : the Adrianichthyidae ( ricefish and medakas ) ;
Anisus calculiformis is a very small species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
A morpho butterfly is one of over 29 accepted species and 147 accepted subspecies of butterflies in the genus Morpho .
Clathrina coriacea is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Clathrinidae .
Mimulus breviflorus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name shortflower monkeyflower .
Plionarctos is an extinct genus of mammals of the family Ursidae ( bears ) endemic to North America and Europe during Miocene through Pleistocene , living from ~10.3 - -3.3 Mya , existing for about 7 million years .
Diplodocoidea is a superfamily of sauropod dinosaurs , which included some of the longest animals of all time , including slender giants like Supersaurus , Diplodocus , Apatosaurus , and Amphicoelias .
Vitis rotundifolia , or muscadine , is a grapevine species native to the southeastern and south - central United States from Florida to Delaware , west to eastern Texas and Oklahoma .
Phrynobatrachus gutturosus , the Chabanaud 's river frog or guttural puddle frog , is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family .
Hulkepholis is an extinct genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian from the Early Cretaceous of southern England and eastern Spain .
Thysanophoridae is a family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Bulbophyllum trichorhachis is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum , which is native to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia .
Haplochromis welcommei is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it is possible that this species may be extinct .
Chondrinouvina is an extinct genus from a well - known class of fossil marine arthropods ; the trilobites .
Auzakia is a genus of brush - footed butterflies containing a single species , Auzakia danava , which is found from Tibet to Sumatra .
Draba howellii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names rosette draba and Howell 's draba .
Erigeron hyperboreus is a rare Arctic species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Tundra fleabane .
Polysphondylium is a genus of cellular slime mould , including the species Polysphondylium pallidum .
Acacia tomentosa is a species of Acacia described by Willd .
Morpho aega is a species group which may be composed of several species .
Pecten excavatus is a species of scallop , marine bivalve molluscs in the taxonomic family Pectinidae .
Zostera tasmanica is a species of eelgrass native to the seacoasts of Tasmania , New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia , and Western Australia .
Tillandsia pruinosa , the fuzzywuzzy airplant , is a species in the genus Tillandsia .
Glossopteris ( Ancient Greek : γλώσσα glossa , meaning `` tongue '' , because the leaves were tongue - shaped ) is the largest and best - known genus of the extinct order of seed ferns known as Glossopteridales ( or in some cases as Arberiales or Dictyopteridiales ) .
Epioblasma triquetra , common name the Snuffbox , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Phacelia grandiflora is a species of phacelia known by the common name largeflower phacelia .
Otiorhynchus armadillo is a species of broad - nosed weevil belonging to the family Curculionidae , subfamily Entiminae .
Epidendrum macrocarpum , commonly known as Epidendrum schomburgkii , is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum , and the largest - flowering crucifix orchid species .
Symphysodon discus , the red discus or Heckel discus , is a species of cichlid native to the Amazon Basin , where found near the mouth of the Rio Negro , in the lower Abacaxis River and lower Trombetas River .
Thespesia is a genus of 18 flowering shrubs and trees in the Hibiscus family , Malvaceae , although within the family they are more closely related to cotton plants ( Gossypium ) .
It consists of only one species , Rubroxena rubra , which is found in Ecuador ( Azuay Province ) .
Erigeron eatonii is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Eaton 's fleabane .
Acacia adoxa , commonly known as the grey - whorled wattle , is a species of plant in the legume family that is native to northern Australia .
Nibea soldado , commonly known as the soldier croaker , is a species of fish native to the northern Indian and western Pacific Oceans , and found in estuaries of south and southeast Asia , Indochina and northern Australia .
It contains only one species , Endeixis exalata , which is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Bertolonia is a genus consisting of 14 species of pretty , dwarf , creeping , tender perennials , native to tropical South America .
Gonyosoma frenatum is a species of colubrid snake found in Southeast Asia .
Hymenoxys jamesii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name James 's rubberweed .
The genus contains only one species , Pericallia matronula , which can be found in central and eastern Europe , Kazakhstan , southern Siberia , northern Mongolia , Amur Region , Primorye , Sakhalin , Kunashir , northern and northeastern China , Korea and Japan .
Litaneutria borealis is a species of praying mantis found in North America .
Centronycteris is a genus of sac - winged bats .
Festuca glauca , commonly known as blue fescue , is a species of flowering plant in the grass family , Poaceae .
Nebria crassicornis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in such US states as Montana and Washington .
Townsendia scapigera is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name tufted Townsend daisy .
Jocara cacalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Jocara It was described by C. Felder , R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875 .
Oileides is a Neotropical genus of Spread - winged skippers in the family Hesperiidae .
Ichthyomyzon is a genus of northern lampreys in the sub - family Petromyzontinae , native to North America .
Pristimantis bacchus is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family , sometimes known as the wine robber frog .
Heteroteuthinae is a subfamily of bobtail squid encompassing five genera and around ten species .
Chromosera cyanophylla is a species of fungus in the genus Chromosera .
Aparallactus turneri , or the Malindi centipede - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Ischnura heterosticta , one of at least two species with the common name common bluetail , is a common Australian damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae .
Ascalaphus sinister is a species of owlfly from northern India .
Helianthus smithii is a rare North American species of sunflower known by the common name Smith 's sunflower .
Dolichoderus luridivenosus is an extinct species of Miocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus .
Maja squinado ( the European spider crab , spiny spider crab or spinous spider crab ) is a species of migratory crab found in the north - east Atlantic and the Mediterranean Sea .
Ikanogavialis is an extinct genus of gryposuchine gavialoid crocodilian .
Propherallodus briggsi is a species of clingfish native to the coasts of Japan .
Melanotus brunniopacus is a species of beetle in the Elateridae family .
Alcithoe haurakiensis is a species of medium - sized deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Camponotus gigas or giant forest ant is a large species of ant , native to Southeast Asian forests .
Perdicula is a genus of quail which contains the following four species :
Agranolamia poensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Agranolamia .
Stauropteridaceae is a family of ferns or fern - like plants from the Devonian and Upper Carboniferous .
Euzopherodes albicans is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzopherodes .
Sphodromantis pachinota is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Sudan .
Cypraeovula edentulata , common name : the toothless cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Labeobarbus mungoensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Cameroon in Africa .
The San Francisco garter snake ( Thamnophis sirtalis tetrataenia ) is a slender multi - colored subspecies of the common garter snake .
Lithops is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family , Aizoaceae .
Malacoctenus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean .
Juncus bufonius , known commonly as toad rush , is a flowering plant species complex in the rush family Juncaceae .
Brickellia cylindracea ( gravelbar brickellbush ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Diazonidae is a family of sea squirts belonging to the suborder Phlebobranchia .
Orthotylus virescens is a species of dark green coloured bug from the Miridae family that can be found on Crete and in such countries as Andorra , Bulgaria , Hungary , Poland , Romania , all states of former Yugoslavia , and Western Europe ( except Iceland ) and was introduced to North America .
Ashfordia granulata , common name the `` silky snail '' , is a species of medium - sized air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Atherinella is a genus of Neotropical silversides from freshwater , brackish and marine habitats in Mexico , Central America and South America .
Glisachaemus is an extinct monotypic genus of planthopper in the Cixiidae subfamily Cixiinae and at present , it contains the single species Glisachaemus jonasdamzeni .
Acanthobunocephalus nicoi is the only species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) in the genus Acanthobunocephalus of the family Aspredinidae .
Alexandrinia is an extinct genus of mayflies which existed in what is now Russia and the United States during the Permian period .
Linanthus pungens ( syn . Leptodactylon pungens ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names granite prickly - phlox and granite gilia .
Lophophanes is a small genus of birds in the Paridae family .
Heliamphora ionasi is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant thought to be endemic to the plateau that lies between the bases of Ilu Tepui and Tramen Tepui in Venezuela .
Syrnolopsis lacustris is a species of medium - sized freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .
Cyclospora is a genus of apicomplexan parasites .
Sonchus acaulis is a plant species in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family .
The Neoscopelidae ( blackchins or neoscopelids ) are a small family of deep - sea fish closely related to the lanternfish .
Lavandula stoechas ( French lavender , Spanish lavender , or topped lavender ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , occurring naturally in Mediterranean countries .
Hydrophilus palpalis is a species of water scavenger beetles belonging to the Hydrophilidae family .
Heuchera parishii is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common names Mill Creek alumroot and Parish 's alumroot .
Platymeris rhadamanthus , the Red spot assassin bug , is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae .
Balanophyllia bonaespei is a species of solitary cup coral , a stony coral in the family Dendrophylliidae .
Sthenopus mollis is a species of velvetfish is native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is known from China and Thailand .
Helvella cupuliformis is a species of fungi in the Helvellaceae family , Pezizales order , described in 1966 .
Pachyteria dimidiata , the Mimusop Stem Borer or Elder Borer Beetle , is a species of round - necked longhorn beetles of the subfamily Cerambycinae .
Cirripectes kuwamurai is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean .
Carabus odoratus is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Russia and East Palearctic .
Delphinium denudatum is a species of the genus Delphinium .
Galium proliferum ( limestone bedstraw ) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Cimex antennatus is a species of cimicidae ( bed bugs ) endemic to North America .
Acer nipponicum , occasionally called the Nippon Maple , is a species of maple native to Japan .
Enantia melite is a species of butterfly that is found from Central America to the Amazon Basin .
Aglaia laxiflora is a tree species of the kingdom Plantae in the Meliaceae family .
Pseudocoedomea rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudocoedomea .
Hedeoma pulegioides ( American pennyroyal , or American false pennyroyal ) is a species of Hedeoma native to eastern North America , from Nova Scotia and southern Ontario west to Minnesota and South Dakota , and south to northern Georgia and Arkansas .
Serruria florida is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae , endemic to South Africa .
Neotrigonia margaritacea , common name the pearly brooch - shell , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Trigoniidae .
Australopyrum is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to Australia , New Zealand , and New Guinea .
Mastotermes is a genus of termites found living only in northern Australia .
Hoplestigma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hoplestigmataceae .
Leucophaeus is a small genus of medium - sized New World gulls , most of which are dark in plumage , usually with white crescents above and below the eyes .
Dinotropa ochrocrossa is a moth of the Depressariidae family and only species in the Dinotropa genus .
Vanda wightii is a species of orchid from southern India and Sri Lanka .
Chroogomphus vinicolor , commonly known as the wine - cap Chroogomphus or the pine spike , is a species of mushroom in the family Gomphidiaceae .
Drosophila virilis is a species of fruit fly with a worldwide distribution ( probably due to human movements ) , and was one of 12 fruit fly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study .
Pladaroxylon is a genus of trees in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family .
Diospyros crassiflora , commonly known as Gabon ebony , African ebony , West African ebony , and Benin ebony , is a species of lowland - rainforest tree in the family Ebenaceae that is endemic to Western Africa .
The Emesini is a tribe of thread - legged bugs .
Despite the fact that hybrids do not warrant a binomial name , the name Ornithoptera allotei persists from the original description of the butterfly as a species .
Dekeyseria brachyura is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Rio Negro basin .
Cataclysta supercilialis is a species of Crambidae in the genus Cataclysta .
There is only one species described in this genus , known as Aaka coera .
The Indian brown mongoose appears large compared to the other mongoose species in southern Western Ghats .
Glyphoderma is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Middle Triassic of China .
Tricholaena is a genus of Asian , African , and Italian plants in the grass family .
Neoscona adianta is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae .
Luzula wahlenbergii , commonly known as Wahlenberg 's woodrush or reindeer wood - rush , is a perennial species of plant in the genus Luzula of the ( rush ) family Juncaceae .
Morinda tinctoria , commonly known as aal or Indian mulberry ( though these common names also refer to Morinda citrifolia ) , is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae , native to southern Asia .
Euxesta argentina is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged Fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae .
Theodoxus maresi is a species of small freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites .
Nassarius gibbosulus , common name the swollen nassa , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Nebria suvorovi is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
Megalurus is a genus of passerine bird in the family Locustellidae .
Ulva ohnoi is a species of light - green coloured seaweed in Ulvaceae family that is endemic to Japan .
Spathopygus eburioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Spathopygus .
Hetschkia is a spider genus from Brazil , with the only known species Hetschkia gracilis .
Pandanus thwaitesii is a monocot species of plant in the Pandanaceae family .
Decennatherium is an extinct genus of giraffidae .
Macrococcus hajekii is a species of bacteria belonging to the genus Macrococcus .
Microchirus is a genus of soles native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
The genus Deilephila is part of the family Sphingidae , the hawk - moths or sphinxes .
Thellungiella is a genus of plants in the mustard family closely related to Arabidopsis , but in the subclade Eutremeae .
Spiranthes sinensis , commonly known as the Chinese spiranthes , is a species of orchid occurring in much of eastern Asia , west to the Himalayas , south and east to New Zealand , and north to Siberia .
Neocorynura electra is an extinct species of sweat bee in the Halictidae genus Neocorynura .
Nassarius papillosus , common name : the Pimpled Nassa , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Chorizanthe leptotheca is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names Ramona spineflower and Peninsular spineflower .
Rhamphicarpa fistulosa ( common name : Rice vampireweed ) is a flowering plant species in the Orobanchaceae family ( formerly in the Scrophulariaceae family ) - and the genus Rhamphicarpa .
Eunicella cavolini , commonly known as the yellow gorgonian or yellow sea whip , is a species of colonial soft coral in the Gorgoniidae family .
Bridouxia praeclara is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .
Luidia clathrata is a tropical species of starfish in the family Luidiidae .
Lyropupa hawaiiensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae .
Allium changduense is a plant species native to the Chinese provinces of Sichuan and Xizang ( Tibet ) .
Gnaphosa tetrica is a ground spider species found in France and Macedonia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Potridiscus polymorphus .
Pseudimalmus fasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudimalmus .
Artemisia furcata ( forked wormwood ) is an Asian and North American species of plants in the sunflower family found in cold regions at high elevations or high latitudes .
Parascolopsis is a genus of threadfin breams native to the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean .
Ascochyta pisi also infects 20 genera of plants and more than 50 plant species including soybean , sweet pea , lentil , alfalfa , common bean , clover , black - eyed - pea , and broad bean .
Melanthium is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants native to North America .
Skenea serpuloides is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae .
Acropora globiceps is a species of acroporid coral found in the oceanic central and western Pacific Ocean and central Indo - Pacific .
Hemicycla pouchet is a species of land snail in the family Helicidae .
Indoreonectes keralensis is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Indoreonectes .
Frankia is a genus of nitrogen fixing , filamentous bacteria that live in symbiosis with actinorhizal plants , similar to the Rhizobia bacteria that are found in the root nodules of legumes in the Fabaceae family .
Tornatellinops ponapensis is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
Lupinus nipomensis is a species of lupine known by the common name Nipomo Mesa lupine .
Sphodromantis kersteni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya , Tanzania , and Sudan .
Scheuchzeria palustris ( Rannoch - rush , or pod grass ) , is a flowering plant , the only species in the genus Scheuchzeria , itself the only genus in the family Scheuchzeriaceae .
Lomanotus genei is a species of a sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lomanotidae .
Hutias are moderately large cavy - like rodents of the family Capromyidae that inhabit the Caribbean Islands .
Medinilla cummingii ( Chandelier Tree ) , often spelled Medinilla cumingii , is a species of flowering plants in the family Melastomataceae , native to mossy forest of the Philippines at 700 - 1000 m altitude .
†Carelia mirabilis was a species of small , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea .
Orthotylus flavosparsus is a species of plant - eating bug in the Miridae family , which is found everywhere in Europe except for Albania and Iceland .
Neolamprologus cylindricus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur in the southeastern part of the lake .
Monardella candicans is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Sierra monardella .
Nebria femoralis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to northwestern part of Russia .
Punica protopunica , commonly known as the pomegranate tree or Socotran pomegranate , is a species of flowering plant in the family Lythraceae .
Electrographa thiolychna is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Electrographa .
Phacelia inundata is a species of phacelia known by the common names playa yellow phacelia and playa phacelia .
Rhacophorus chenfui ( Chinese whipping frog , Chenfu 's treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to China where it is found in Sichuan , Guizhou , Hubei , and Fujian provinces .
Drepanocaryum is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , first described in 1954 .
Chrysopaa sternosignata is the only species in the monotypic genus Chrysopaa of the Dicroglossidae family .
Campanula piperi ( Olympic bellflower , Olympic harebell , Piper 's bellflower ) is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family , Campanulaceae .
Sternocera orissa , common name Giant jewel beetle , is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family .
Ophioglossolambis violacea is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae family , the true conchs and their allies .
Stalix is a genus of jawfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Kennedia nigricans ( Black Kennedia or Black Coral Pea ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae , endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
Corylus maxima , the filbert , is a species of hazel native to southeastern Europe and southwestern Asia , from the Balkans to Ordu in Turkey .
Calliostoma nepheloide , common name the Nephelo top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Magiriopsis denticosella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Magiriopsis .
Ceradenia melanopus is a species of fern in the Grammitidaceae family .
Majungaichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas native to the western Indian Ocean .
Drosera yutajensis is a rare species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera .
Carabus exiguus wudumontanus is a bronze - coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Gansu , China .
Acanthosaura coronata is a species of agamid lizard commonly known as the crowned spiny lizard .
Powelliphanta augusta , previously provisionally known as Powelliphanta `` Augustus '' , is a species of amber snail , a large , carnivorous land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae .
Trachischium is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly known as worm - eating snakes .
Eresus walckenaerius is a species of ladybird spider from the eastern Mediterranean .
Mimaderpas anteaureus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimaderpas .
Cephaloleia immaculata is a species of rolled - leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae , first found in Costa Rica .
Coelopa frigida is a species of seaweed fly or kelp fly .
Phrynobatrachus pakenhami is a frog species in the true frog subfamily Petropedetinae .
The Ulvophyceae or ulvophytes are a class of green algae , distinguished mainly on the basis of ultrastructural morphology , life cycle and molecular phylogenetic data .
Nebria tetungi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Gansu , Qinghai , and Sichuan provinces of China .
Gollumjapyx smeagol is a species of dipluran , named after Gollum , a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium .
The Iron Cross Beetle is a species of blister beetle that is often detrimental to humans and their livestock and is in general a pest .
Fosterella robertreadii is a species of the genus Fosterella .
Sauromalus klauberi , commonly called the Santa Catalina chuckwalla or the spotted chuckwalla , is a species of chuckwalla first identified in 1941 .
Hylarana latouchii ( Kuatun frog , LaTouche 's frog , broad - folded frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
It belongs to the monotypic genus Ameloctopus .
Koanophyllon palmeri , called Palmer 's umbrella thoroughwort , is a North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Ceratoichthys pinnatiformis is an extinct species of lookdown - like prehistoric jackfish that lived during the Lutetian epoch , of the Middle Eocene of Monte Bolca , Italy .
Perciformes , also called the Percomorphi or Acanthopteri , are the largest order of vertebrates , containing about 41 % of all bony fish .
Pterocladiophila is a genus of red algae , parasite of other red algae .
Menticirrhus saxatilis , the northern kingfish or northern kingcroaker , is a species of marine fish in the family Sciaenidae ( commonly known as the `` drum '' or `` croaker '' family ) .
Eurygnathohippus is an extinct genus of hipparionine horse .
Dracovenator ( /ˌdræ.koʊ.vɛˈneɪ.tər/ ) is an extinct genus of dilophosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 201 to 199 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now South Africa .
Octopus mercatoris , the Caribbean dwarf octopus , is a small octopus species native to the Caribbean Sea region of the Atlantic Ocean .
Junodia strigipennis is a species of praying mantis found Ethiopia , Mozambique , Natal , Tanzania , and Zimbabwe .
Oberea formosana is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Pic in 1911 .
Campanula patula or spreading bellflower is a plant species of the genus Campanula .
Gygis is a genus of birds in the tern family .
Brevioleria is a genus of clearwing ( ithomiine ) butterflies , named by Lamas in 2004 .
Sitticus wuae is a species of jumping spider , named after the collector Hai - Yin Wu .
It contains only one species , Nonischnoscia umbraticostella , which is found in the West Indies .
The Noctuidae or owlet moths are a family of robustly built moths that includes more than 35,000 known species out of possibly 100,000 total , in more than 4,200 genera .
Bromus maritimus is a species of brome ( or chess ) grass known by the common names maritime brome and seaside brome .
Gerrothorax ( `` wicker chest '' ) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Triassic period of Greenland , Germany , Sweden , and possibly Thailand .
Uropeltis liura , commonly known as Günther 's earth snake , is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae .
Aconitum koreanum ( Hangul : 백부자 ) ( also known as Korean monk 's hood ) is one of the species of Aconitum .
Araucaria mirabilis is an extinct species of coniferous tree from Patagonia , Argentina .
Charpentieria ornata is a species of small , very elongate , air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails , all of which have a clausilium .
Eleutherodactylus junori is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica .
Lintneria is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing the following species :
Achaeus spinosus usually lives in association with some species of soft coral or sponge .
The order Bacteroidales comprises five families of environmental bacteria
Philipomyia aprica is a species of ' horse fly ' belonging to the family Tabanidae subfamily Tabaninae .
Galeopsis segetum , commonly known as Downy Hemp - nettle , is a species of flowering plant in the sage family , Lamiaceae .
Eupolybothrus cavernicolus is a species of centipede so far only found in two caves near the village of Kistanje , in Šibenik - Knin County , Croatia .
Allobates humilis ( common name : Bocono rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Pseudomugil paludicola , commonly known as the swamp blue - eye , is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae .
Megacephala australis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1865 , and is endemic to Australia .
It consists of only one species , Afropoecilia kituloensis , which is found in Tanzania .
Nemastylis nuttallii , the Nuttall 's pleatleaf , Ozark celestial - lily or pine woods lily , is a plant species native to Arkansas , Missouri and Oklahoma in the south - central United States .
Hamsters are rodents belonging to the subfamily Cricetinae .
Ghilianella mirabilis is a species of true bug found in the Amazon basin .
The Gorontalo macaque or Dumoga - Bone macaque ( Macaca nigrescens ) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae .
Pecari is a genus of mammals in the peccary family , Tayassuidae .
Yucca pallida , sometimes called Pale yucca , is a species of yucca native to Northern Mexico and parts of the blackland prairies of northern and central Texas , and notable for its light - colored leaves that range from a pale blue - gray to sage - green in color .
Its only species is Pickeringia montana , which is known by the common name chaparral pea .
Centrodraco is a genus of slope dragonets found in deep waters of the Atlantic , Indian & Pacific Oceans .
Omobranchus woodi , the Kappie blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the southeast Atlantic and western Indian ocean .
Chiniquodontidae is a family of meat - eating advanced mammal - like reptiles ( therapsids ) that lived during the Upper Triassic of South America and perhaps Europe .
Thaumasesthes penicillus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Thaumasesthes .
Aplysia extraordinaria , common name the `` extraordinary sea hare '' , is a very large species of sea slug , more specifically a sea hare , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae , the sea hares .
Pithys is a genus of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Erigeron flettii is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names Flett 's fleabane or Olympic Mountains fleabane .
Daiotyla is a genus of orchids native to Colombia , Panama and Costa Rica .
Puffins are any of three small species of alcids ( auks ) in the bird genus Fratercula with a brightly coloured beak during the breeding season .
Cerithiopsis blandi is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from around Madagascar .
Helianthus mollis is a species of sunflower known by the common names ashy sunflower .
The spider genus Aname is endemic to Australia , with one species ( A. tasmanica ) found only on Tasmania .
Lichenoides is an extinct genus of echinoderm that lived during the Middle Cambrian in what is today the Czech Republic .
The Roraiman nightjar ( Setopagis whitelyi ) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family .
Benthodesmus tenuis is a species of fish in the Trichiuridae family .
Mniophila muscorum is a species of Chrysomelidae family , that can be found nearly everywhere in Europe , it is not worth it to search in Turkey , Caucasus .
Agoseris monticola is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Sierra Nevada agoseris or Sierra Nevada mountain dandelion .
Acraea turna is a member of the Acraea acrita species group .
Hakea cristata , commonly known as the snail hakea , is a shrub species that occurs in Southwest Australia .
Microgomphodon is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Middle Triassic of South Africa and Namibia .
Cranopsis asturiana , common name the hawk puncturella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Quercus faginea , the Portuguese oak , is a species of oak native to the western Mediterranean region in the Iberian Peninsula and the Balearic Islands .
Dorsetochelys is an extinct genus of turtle from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of western North America and southern England .
Ramanantsoavana 's woolly lemur ( Avahi ramanantsoavanai ) , also known as Ramanantsoavana 's avahi or the Manombo woolly lemur , is a species of woolly lemur native to southeastern Madagascar .
Onykia robsoni , the rugose hooked squid , is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae .
Castroviejoa is a genus of plants in the sunflower family , native to certain islands in the western Mediterranean .
Eupeodes lapponicus is a common Nearctic species of hoverfly .
Rhacophorus harrissoni is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Brunei , Indonesia , and Malaysia .
Mimeryssamena besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimeryssamena .
Glipa quadrifasciata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus and was first described in 1882 .
Calystegia longipes is a species of morning glory known by the common name Paiute false bindweed .
Archips infumatanus , the smoked leafroller moth or hickory webworm , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Leptolucania ommata , the Pygmy killifish , is a species of North American killifish found only in the southeastern United States .
Pododesmus macrochisma , common name the Alaska jingle , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Anomiidae , the jingle shells .
Propeamussium is a genus of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the order Ostreoida .
Salix aurita , the eared willow , is a species of willow distributed over much of Europe , and occasionally cultivated .
Otopleura auriscati , common name the cat 's ear pyram , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Trithemis grouti , the Black Dropwing , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Metridiochoerus is an extinct genus in the pig family indigenous to the Pliocene and Pleistocene of Africa .
Bahndwivici is an extinct genus of lizard known from a nearly complete and articulated skeleton discovered in rocks of the Green River Formation of Wyoming , United States .
Penthophera morio is a moth species which can be found in Italy , Central Europe , Southern Russia and Armenia .
Hofmeisterella is a genus of orchids native to South America .
Muhlenbergia californica is an uncommon species of grass known by the common name California muhly .
Leersia hexandra is a species of grass known by the common names southern cutgrass , clubhead cutgrass , and swamp rice grass .
Similar to the crissal and Le Conte 's thrashers in habit , the California thrasher is the only species of Toxostoma throughout most of its limited range .
Conus gubernator , common name the governor cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Oligochroides nigritella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oligochroides .
Thorax porcellana Saussure is a species of epilamprid cockroach occurring in Sri Lanka and India .
Glaucias amyoti , commonly called the Australasian green shield bug or New Zealand vegetable bug , is a species of shield bug found in Australia , New Zealand , Timor and New Guinea .
Galium pilosum , the hairy bedstraw , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Polyxenus lagurus , known as the bristly millipede is a species of millipede found in many areas of Europe and North America .
Heterodontosaurinae is an extinct subfamily of heterodontosaurid ornithischian dinosaurs from the earliest to the mid Middle Jurassic ( Hettangian - Bajocian ) of Africa and South America .
Madiama nigroscitalis is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Madiama .
The genus Heliamphora ( /hɛliˈæmfərə/ or /hiːliˈæmfərə/ ; Greek : helos `` marsh '' and amphoreus `` amphora '' ) contains 23 species of pitcher plants endemic to South America .
Calochortus subalpinus ( subalpine mariposa lily ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family native to the northwestern United States ( States of Washington and Oregon ) .
Liechtenstein 's pine vole ( Microtus liechtensteini ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Besanosaurus ( meaning `` Besano ( Lombardy , N. Italy ) lizard '' ) is a genus of large ichthyosaur ( a marine reptile , not a dinosaur ) that lived during the middle Triassic period , approximately 235 million years ago .
Memecylaceae DC . was a family of flowering plants .
Nannocampus is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans with these currently recognized species :
Dolichoderus heeri is a recently discovered extinct species of Miocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus .
Ascarina lucida , commonly known as hutu is a species of small tree in the family Chloranthaceae .
Murrindalaspis is an extinct genus of acanthothoracid placoderm found in the McLarty Member of the Murrindal Limestone , of the Early Devonian - aged Buchan Group in eastern Victoria , Australia .
Calathus montivagus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Italy and Sicily .
Ameiva erythrocephala , the St. Christopher ameiva , is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva .
Typothorax is an extinct genus of typothoracisine aetosaur that lived in the Late Triassic .
Dorstenia brasiliensis is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to South America and Trinidad and Tobago .
Aestuariibacter is a genus in the class Gammaproteobacteria ( Bacteria ) , composed of four species , namely A. aggregatus , A. halophilus , A. litoralis and the type species A. salexigens .
The Paraguayan jaguar was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar , with the taxonomic name Panthera onca paraguensis ( Hollister , 1914 ) , native to Paraguay in the Gran Chaco or the Pantanal regions .
Massonia etesionamibensis ( syn . Whiteheadia etesionamibensis ) is a species of plant that is endemic to Namibia .
Neoclitocybe byssiseda is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family , and the type species of the genus Neoclitocybe .
Kinnareemimus is a genus of ornithomimosaurian theropod dinosaur from Thailand .
Nebria wutaishanensis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Shanxi , China .
Flabellinidae is a taxonomic family of brightly coloured sea slugs , specifically nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks .
Ampeloglypter ater , the grape cane girdler , is a true weevil species in the genus Ampeloglypter .
Oesophagostomum is a genus of parasitic nematodes of the family Strongyloidae .
Zuninaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite arthropod .
Paracetopsis esmeraldas is a species of whale catfish endemic to Ecuador where it occurs in the Pacific drainages of the northwest .
The Protoxerini comprise a tribe of squirrels found in Africa .
Vetaforma is a genus of liverworts found only in Argentina and Chile , and contains a single species Vetaforma dusenii .
Tragia ramosa is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common names branched noseburn and desert tragia .
Stenolicmus sarmientoi is a species of catfish native to Bolivia where it is found in the upper Apere River basin .
Sphaeropoeus hercules is a species of giant pill millipede belonging to the family Zephroniidae .
Penicillium rolfsii is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces patulin .
Alytes maurus ( common name : Moroccan midwife toad , French : crapaud accoucheur ) is a species of frog in the Alytidae family ( formerly Discoglossidae ) .
Torvoneustes is an extinct genus of metriorhynchid mesoeucrocodylian .
Bacillus aerius is a species of bacteria first isolated from cryogenic tubes used for collecting air samples from high altitudes , hence its name .
Scrupocellaria hamata is a species of gymnolaematan Bryozoa ( sea mats ) first described from the Queensland coast .
Zapoteca aculeata is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Tunguragua - Ecuador .
Dentalium diarrhox is a species of tusk shell , a marine scaphopod mollusk in the family Dentaliidae .
Banksia burdettii , commonly known as Burdett 's banksia , is a species of shrub or tree of the genus Banksia in the family Proteaceae .
Baissea is a genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family found in tropical Africa .
Ceratopogonini is a tribe of biting midges .
Tinacrucis patulana is a species of moth belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae .
Pseudomugil novaeguineae , commonly known as the New Guinea blue - eye , is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae .
Tricholomopsis is a genus of fungi closely related to the large genus Tricholoma .
Adelophryne adiastola ( common name : Yapima Shield frog ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Cadlina modesta , common name the Modest cadlina , is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae .
Cerradomys marinhus , also known as Marinho 's oryzomys , is a rodent species from South America .
Paralomis africana is a species of king crab found off the coast of Namibia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Vertexicola caudatus .
Nesoryzomys darwini , also known as Darwin 's nesoryzomys or Darwin 's Galápagos mouse , is a species of rodent in the genus Nesoryzomys that lived on Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands .
Prothamnodes is a genus of moth in the family Xyloryctidae .
Pseudechis butleri is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Western Australia .
Astreptolabis is an extinct genus of earwig in the Dermaptera family Pygidicranidae known from a Cretaceous fossil found in Burma .
Abyssosaurus is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from the Early Cretaceous of Chuvash Republic , western Russia .
Stromerius is an extinct genus of basilosaurid early whale known from the Late Eocene ( Priabonian , 37.2 to 33.9 million years ago ) of Fayum , Egypt ( 29.6 ° N 30.6 ° E , paleocoordinates 24.9 ° N 26.5 ° E ) .
Heliciopsis velutina is a species of trees , in the Proteaceae family .
Callioplana marginata is a species of flatworm polyclads belonging to the Callioplanidae family .
Harpagophytum , also called grapple plant , wood spider and most commonly devil 's claw , is a genus of plants in the sesame family , native to southern Africa .
Aerilamma murdochi is an uncommon species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae .
Caracanthus , the coral crouchers , or orbicular velvetfishes , are a genus of scorpaeniform fishes .
Radula visiniaca was a species of liverwort in the Radulaceae family .
Cottus petiti , also called the chub of the Lez ( Chabot du Lez , in French ) , is a species of fish in the Cottidae family .
Haageocereus fascicularis commonly known as ' Quisco de la precordillera de Arica ' is a species of cactus from the Cactaceae family .
Pasteurella is a genus of Gram - negative , facultatively anaerobic bacteria .
Theraphosa is a genus of tarantula spiders of South America .
Melica minor is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Caucasus .
Senecio pectinatus , commonly known as alpine groundsel , is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
Loricaria lentiginosa is a species of catfish of the Loricariidae family .
Leucania latiuscula is part of a species group including Leucania subpunctata and Leucania senescens .
Lepidocephalichthys thermalis , known as the Common Spiny loach or the spotted loach , is a freshwater fish species restricted to India and Sri Lanka .
Metzgeria furcata , the forked veilwort , is a frequent liverwort growing on the bark of a wide range of tree and shrub species and occasionally on rocks .
Phylloxylon arenicola is a species of legume ( bean ) in the Fabaceae family .
Leptosiaphos koutoui is a species of skink endemic to Cameroon .
Telmatobufo is a genus of frogs ( false toads ) endemic to southern Chile .
Praealticus labrovittatus , the Crenulate - lipped rockskipper , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean .
Guaibasauridae is a family of primitive saurischian dinosaurs , known from fossil remains of late Triassic period formations in Brazil and Argentina .
Stephanostomum baccatum is a species of a parasitic flatworm in the family Acanthocolpidae .
Species The only known species is Scherya bahiensis , native to the State of Bahia in eastern Brazil .
The Jamaican lizard cuckoo ( Saurothera vetula ) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Incisitermes minor is a species of termite in the family Kalotermitidae known commonly as the western drywood termite .
Galbella is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , placed in the monotypic subfamily Galbellinae .
Festuca heterophylla , the various - leaved fescue , is a species of perennial plant from Poaceae family that is native to southern Europe .
Physoderma alfalfae is a species of fungus in the family Physodermataceae .
Euponera is a ponerine genus of ants distributed in the Afrotropics ( including Madagascar ) and eastern Asia .
Pseudomusonia lineativentri is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica , Colombia , and Panama .
Kalanchoe marmorata ( penwiper ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae , native to Central and West Africa , from Zaire to Ethiopia , Sudan and Somalia .
Anoplosigerpes tessmanni is a species of praying mantis found in China .
Usta biplaga is a species of moth in the Saturniidae family .
Ulmus × hollandica Mill . , often known simply as Dutch elm , is a natural hybrid between Wych Elm Ulmus glabra and Field Elm Ulmus minor which commonly occurs across Europe wherever the ranges of the parent species overlap .
Clibanarius erythropus is a species of hermit crab that lives in rockpools and sublittoral waters .
Egea inermis is a species of glass squid in the monotypic genus Egea .
Symplocos badia is a species of plant in the Symplocaceae family .
Exoprosopa capucina is a species of ' bee flies ' belonging to the family Bombyliidae subfamily Anthracinae .
Cistanthe quadripetala ( formerly Calyptridium quadripetalum ) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name four - petalled pussypaws .
Asarcenchelys longimanus is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae .
Pectocarya setosa , known by the common names moth combseed and round - nut pectocarya , is a species of flowering plant in the borage family .
Scalenodon is a genus of traversodontid cynodont from the Middle Triassic of Africa and possibly Russia .
Aralia dasyphylla is a species in the plant genus Aralia that occurs in China , Vietnam , Malaysia , and Indonesia .
Bletia purpurata is a species of orchid widespread across much of Mexico and Central America , from Nicaragua to Tamaulipas , Sinaloa and Baja California Sur .
Sclerobunus robustus is a species of harvestman that occurs in the western United States , including Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico , and Utah .
Panaeolus cyanescens is a coprophiliac ( dung - inhabiting ) species which grows in tropical and neotropical areas in both hemispheres .
Stellaria calycantha is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name northern starwort .
Alsodes gargola is a species of frog in the family Alsodidae known by the common name Tonchek spiny - chest frog .
Monoplex nicobaricus , common name Nicobar hairy triton , is a species of medium - sized predatory sea snail , a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Chromis margaritifer , known commonly as the Bicolor chromis , is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae .
Packera pseudaurea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name falsegold groundsel .
Doleromyrma darwiniana is a species of ant in the genus Doleromyrma .
Bactrocera is a large genus of tephritid fruit flies , with more than 500 species currently described .
Entoloma bloxamii belongs to the large genus Entoloma , which contains around 1500 species worldwide .
Dasyceps is an extinct genus of an unusual temnospondyl from Early Permian of England .
Chaetopogon is a genus of European plants in the grass family .
Chlorociboria aeruginascens is a saprobic species of mushroom , commonly known as the green elfcup or the green wood cup because of its characteristic small , green , saucer - shaped fruit bodies .
Gastrochilus acutifolius is a species of orchid found in Assam ( India ) , eastern Himalayas , Nepal , Myanmar and Vietnam .
Pisaurina brevipes is a species of `` nursery web spider '' that is found in the eastern half of the North American continent , from Ontario down to Florida and west to Kansas .
Monodonta canalifera , common name the canal monodont , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Galium lanceolatum ( lanceleaf wild licorice ) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Sphenacodontidae ( Greek : `` wedge point tooth family '' ) is an extinct family of small to large , advanced , carnivorous , Late Pennsylvanian to middle Permian pelycosaurs .
†Incerticyclus cinereus was a species of tropical land snail with gills and an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae .
Rubus ursinus is a North American species of blackberry or dewberry , known by the common names California blackberry , California dewberry , Douglas berry , Pacific blackberry , Pacific dewberry and trailing blackberry .
Coreopsis lanceolata , the Lance - leaved coreopsis , is a North American species of Tickseed in the sunflower family .
Anthia sexmaculata is a species of beetles of the family Carabidae .
Rheum maximowiczii is a plant species in the genus Rheum .
Methylobacillus flagellatus is a species of aerobic bacteria .
Phidiana hiltoni is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aeolidiidae .
Coriocella hibyae , common name the Hiby 's coriocella or the velvet snail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae .
Maxacteon hancocki is a species of small sea snail , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Acteonidae , the barrel bubble snails .
Ludwigia octovalvis is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Mexican primrose - willow .
Hyla arboricola ( common name : arboreal treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero state , Mexico .
Crangon crangon is a commercially important species of caridean shrimp fished mainly in the southern North Sea , although also found in the Irish Sea , Baltic Sea , Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea , as well as off much of Scandinavia and parts of Morocco 's Atlantic coast .
Chrysiptera rollandi is a species of damselfish known by the common name Rolland 's demoiselle .
Phrynella pulchra is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family , in the monotypic genus Phrynella .
Amphiesma modestum , commonly known as the modest keelback , is a species of natricine snake endemic to Asia .
Protitanotherium was named by Osborn ( 1929 ) ( name suggested by Hatcher 1895 ; raised to genus level ) .
Iomys is a small genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The genus Nimbacinus contains two species of carnivorous , quadrupedal marsupials in Australia both of which are extinct :
The Emin 's shrike ( Lanius gubernator ) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family .
Spiraea virginiana is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family ( Rosaceae ) known by the common names Virginia meadowsweet and Virginia spiraea .
Lewisia oppositifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name opposite - leaf lewisia .
Pollicaria , commonly known as the elephant pupinid snails , is a genus of land snails with a gill and an operculum .
Pachyiulus humicola is a species of millipede from Julidae family that is endemic to Italy .
Paraneonetus is a monotypic genus of weta containing the species Paraneonetus multispinus .
The only species in the monotypic genus Achyrachaena is the annual herb Achyrachaena mollis , which bears the common name blow - wives .
Gamochaeta simplicicaulis , the simple - stem cudweed or simple - stem everlasting , is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Homalocephala ozerovi ' is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae .
Sarasinula dubia is a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae , the leatherleaf slugs .
Bipectilus tindalei is a species of moth in the Hepialidae family , known to ihnabit Vietnam and Thailand .
Euprotomus aurisdianae , common name the Diana conch , is a species of small to medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Epiphyllum pumilum is a cactus species native to Mexico and Guatemala .
Bothrocara brunneum , the twoline eelpout , is a benthic species of fish of the Zoarcidae family .
Castela emoryi , with the common names Crucifixion thorn and Emory 's crucifixion - thorn , is a shrub species in the genus Castela of the order Sapindales .
Enteroviruses are a genus of positive - sense single - stranded RNA viruses associated with several human and mammalian diseases .
Anduzedoras oxyrhynchus is the only species in the genus Anduzedoras of the catfish ( order Siluriformes ) family Doradidae .
Limnichthys is a genus of sandburrowers native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
The type species is Kunpengopterus sinensis .
Cardiocondyla elegans is an ant species in the genus Cardiocondyla found in the Mediterranean region .
Pomacea aldersoni is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
The snipefishes ( genus Macroramphosus ) are species of fishes found in tropical and subtropical oceans at depths down to 600 metres ( 2,000 ft ) .
Schistidium poeltii is a species of moss found in the Arctic .
Stanhopea connata is a species of orchid found from Ecuador to Peru .
Aplanodema lomii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aplanodema .
Menzies ' echymipera ( Echymipera echinista ) , or Menzies ' spiny bandicoot or Fly River bandicoot , is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae .
Pliomerina is a genus of trilobites .
Callinectes rathbunae is a species of swimming crab .
Raneya brasiliensis , the banded cusk - eel , is a species of cusk - eel found along the southeast coast of South America from southern Brazil to northern Argentina .
Andropogon hallii ( sand bluestem , sand hill bluestem , Hall 's bluestem , Hall 's beardgrass , prairie bluestem , turkey - foot ) is a sod - forming perennial species in the grass family , Poaceae .
Grammatonotus is a genus of fish in the family Callanthiidae , the splendid perches .
Chondrina avenacea is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae .
Weevers ( or weeverfish ) are 9 extant species of fishes of family Trachinidae , order Perciformes .
Crassocephalum is a genus the common names of whose members include ragleaf , thickhead , and bologi .
Rubritrochus declivis , common name : the sloping gibbula , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Zabrus angustatus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that can be found in Spain and Niger .
Nephroma is a genus of medium to large foliose lichens .
Christinus guentheri is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae ( geckos ) .
Picea abies , the Norway spruce , is a species of spruce native to Central and Eastern Europe .
At present it contains the single species Entropezites patricii .
Schizothorax pelzami or Transcaspian marinka is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Schizothorax .
Mimagelasta grisescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimagelasta .
Cantharidus purpureus , common name the red opal top shell , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae .
Echinomacrurus occidentalis is a marine species of fish in the genus Echinomacrurus .
Berberis amplectens is a rare species of shrubs endemic to the Peninsular Ranges of southern California , east of San Diego .
Actinoplanes friuliensis is a species of bacteria that produces lipopeptide antibiotics with peptidoglycan synthesis - inhibiting activity , called friulimicins .
Agyneta vera is a species of sheet weaver found in Queensland , Australia .
Anadelosemia condigna is a species of snout moth in the genus Anadelosemia .
Ctenosaura hemilopha , also known as the cape spinytail iguana , is a species of spinytail iguana endemic to Baja California .
Gynnidomorpha minimana , the fen conch , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
The genus Androstephium is a group of North American plants in the cluster lily subfamily within the asparagus family .
Labidochromis pallidus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around the Maleri Islands and around Thumbi West Island .
Apalimnodes granulatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Apalimnodes .
Chamaeleo caroliquarti is an extinct species of chameleon from Lower Miocene - aged strata of the Czech Republic .
Grayia spinosa is a species of the genus Grayia of the subfamily Chenopodioideae in flowering plant family Amaranthaceae , which is known by the common names hop sage and spiny hop sage .
Nanningosaurus is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous of the Nalong Basin , Guangxi , China .
Xenicotelopsis violacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Xenicotelopsis .
Upeneus mascareinsis is a species of fish belonging to the Perciformes order of the family Mullidae .
Nephropsis rosea , sometimes called the rosy lobsterette or two - toned lobsterette , is a species of lobster .
Xenochromis hecqui is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa .
By 2009 , the `` Brassavola '' parents most commonly used in producing Brassolaeliocattleyas had been moved into the genus Rhyncholaelia , and the `` Laelia '' parents most commonly used in producing Brassolaeliocattleyas had been moved into the genus Cattleya .
Parablennius serratolineatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the southwest Pacific ocean near Norfolk Island .
Salix arbusculoides is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common name littletree willow .
The Longhorn beetle , Leptura quadrifasciata ( Strangalia quadrifasciata ) , is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Buddleja domingensis is a species endemic to the uplands of Haiti and the Dominican Republic , growing in rocky , limestone ravines , along forest edges and roadsides ; it was first described and named by Ignatz Urban in 1908 .
Odostomia trifida , common name the three - toothed odostome , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Bathygadus is a genus of rattails of the family Bathygadidae .
Sphenodontidae is a family within the group Sphenodontia .
Brachyhypopomus is a genus of bluntnose knifefishes found in Central and South America .
Schizodactylus monstrosus is a species of large cricket found in Asia .
Syncalathium is a genus of Chinese plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family .
Callionymus variegatus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around southern Japan .
Caerorhachis ( meaning `` suitable spine '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland , probably from the Serpukhovian stage .
Microlophichthys microlophus , the Short - rod anglerfish , is a species of dreamer found at depths of around 1,050 metres ( 3,440 ft ) in tropical and subtropical oceans .
Saintpaulia shumensis is a species of Saintpaulia endemic to Shume in the west Usambara Mountains and also from the northern Nguru Mountains , Tanzania , where it grows at altidues of 1,300 to 2,000 meters above sea level .
Pseudochazara williamsi ( Romei , 1927 ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Erica scoparia is a shrubby species of heath in the flowering plant family Ericaceae .
Alcockia rostrata is a species of cusk - eel found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it is found at depths of from 2,761 to 4,040 metres ( 9,058 to 13,255 ft ) .
Cortinarius cruentipellis is a rare species of agaric fungus in the subgenus Phlegmacium of the large mushroom genus Cortinarius .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Cyanoannulus petersenii , which was found growing on decorticated wood in a stream in North Carolina .
Hakea minyma ( Watjula or Nyintirpa ) is a species of shrub that is native to Australia .
Aragosaurus ( meaning `` Aragon lizard '' ) was a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous period of Galve , province of Teruel , in the autonomous territory of Aragón , Spain .
Bellamya costulata is a species of large operculate freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae .
Craugastor rayo , also known as the Sabana robber frog , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Callionima juliane is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae , which is known from Peru .
Cumia alfredensis , common name : the narrow dwarf triton , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae .
The Seshachari 's caecilian , Gegeneophis seshachari , is a species of caecilian found in the Western Ghats of India .
Glomeris klugii is a species of pill millipedes .
Plectronoceratoidea is a superorder of primitive nautiloids from the Late Cambrian and Early Ordovician that include the ancestors of subsequent cephalopod orders .
The Donaldson Smith 's sparrow - weaver ( Plocepasser donaldsoni ) is a species of bird in the Passeridae family .
Coelophysis bauri is an extinct species of coelophysid dinosaur that lived approximately 203 million years ago during the latter part of the Triassic Period in what is now the southwestern United States .
Euryzeargyrea fuscostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Euryzeargyrea .
Euphorbia tannensis var . eremophila is the more widespread variety of E. tannensis subsp .
Adotela bicolor is a species of beetle in the genus Adotela .
Pachystegia is a genus of shrubs in the daisy family described as a genus in 1925 .
Vokesimurex rectirostris , common name : the erect - spined murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Labrisomus kalisherae , the Downy blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean from south Florida to Brazil .
Phrynobatrachus africanus ( common name : African swamp frog ) is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family .
Celsiella is a small genus of glass frogs endemic to Venezuela .
Leptotyphlops debilis , or the West African blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Nostoc punctiforme is a species of filamentous cyanobacteria .
Ochlandra is a genus of Indian bamboo in the grass family ) .
Old World warblers are a large group of birds formerly grouped together in the bird family Sylviidae .
Cephalopsetta ventrocellatus is a species of large - tooth flounder native to the Indian Ocean , from the Gulf of Oman in the west to the Andaman Sea in the east .
Xenopoecilus is a genus of small fish in the Adrianichthyidae family .
Rhopalosetia phlyctaenopa is a moth in the Copromorphidae family , and the only species in the genus Rhopalosetia .
Pinna nobilis , common name the noble pen shell or fan mussel , is a large species of Mediterranean clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae , the pen shells .
Oplismenus undulatifolius , commonly known as wavyleaf basketgrass , is a species of perennial grass from the Poaceae family that is native to South Asia , East Asia , Southeast Asia , Australia , and Southern Africa .
Epitonium is a genus of small predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks .
Scoliostomatidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks .
Allium taishanense is a plant species endemic to the Shandong region of China .
The Mola Hap ( Mylochromis mola ) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi .
Atopochilus chabanaudi is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to the Republic of the Congo where it occurs in Stanley Pool .
Impatiens sodenii is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae known by the common names poor man 's rhododendron , Oliver 's touch - me - not , and shrub balsam .
Stellaria longipes is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name longstalk starwort .
Mimancylistes malaisei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimancylistes .
Mithrax spinosissimus , also known as the West Indian spider crab , channel clinging crab , reef or spiny spider crab , or coral crab , is a species of spider crab that occurs throughout South Florida and across the Caribbean Islands .
Hypoecta longula is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Hypoecta of the family Ulidiidae .
Hoplocorypha foliata is a species of praying mantis found in Angola , Cameroon , Namibia , Tanzania , and Togo .
Acrotrichis insularis is a species of feather - winged beetle .
The Zagros Mountains mouse - like hamster ( Calomyscus bailwardi ) is a relatively little - known rodent which was the first species of mouse - like hamster to be described .
Ophrys fuciflora ( late spider - orchid ) is a species of flowering plant in the orchid family .
Dictyostelium purpureum is a species of Dictyostelium .
Matthiola incana , known as hoary stock , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Matthiola .
Chitonidae is a family of chitons or polyplacophorans , marine mollusks whose shell is composed of eight articulating plates or valves .
Priolepis robinsi is a species of goby native to the Atlantic Ocean off of Santa Marta , Colombia .
Akodon affinis , also known as the Colombian grass mouse or Cordillera Occidental akodont , is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Coenaculum minutulum is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tofanellidae .
Poa labillardierei , also known as common tussock - grass , is a species of tussock grass that is endemic to Australia .
Muscari botryoides is a bulbous perennial plant plant of the genus Muscari and one of a number of species and genera known as grape hyacinth .
Plantago subnuda is a species of plantain known by the common name tall coastal plantain .
Delemodacrys mourei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Delemodacrys .
Cheilosia albitarsis is an abundant European species of hoverfly .
Podocnemis is a genus of aquatic turtles commonly known as South American river turtles .
Angraecum cadetii is a species of orchid endemic to Mauritius and Réunion .
Anadia ocellata , commonly known as the bromeliad lizard or lagartija de las bromelias in Spanish , is a species of lizard endemic to the Americas .
Lypusidae is an obscure family of moths placed in the superfamily Gelechioidea .
Leptops is a genus of weevils belonging the family Curculionidae .
Baloskion australe , commonly known as the southern or mountain cordrush , is a species of perennial herb found in southeastern Australia .
Geranium holm - nielsenii is a species of plant in the Geraniaceae family .
Alpheus rapacida , is a species of snapping shrimp of the family Alpheidae .
Pugnellidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha known from the Late Cretaceous .
Phosphatocopida is an order of extinct arthropods closely related to crown - group crustaceans
Hesperocnide is a small genus of nettles containing two species .
Scotinotylus exsectoides is a species of sheet weaver found in Canada .
Microdactylon is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1908 .
Jacforus cavatus is a species of crab in the monotypic genus Jacforus in the family Xanthidae .
Tadzhikosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatoroid crocodilian from the Late Cretaceous of Tajikistan .
Leptosynanceia asteroblepa is a species of stonefish native to the marine and fresh waters of Southeast Asia .
It contains only one species , Eugennaea laquearia , which is found in New Zealand .
Daphnia jollyi is a species of crustacean in the genus Daphnia .
Lophotus is a genus of crestfishes with these currently recognized species :
Polyscias cissodendron , commonly known as the Island Pine , is a species of tree in the ivy family , Araliaceae .
Agrostis hendersonii is an uncommon species of grass known by the common name Henderson 's bent grass .
Mimulus hymenophyllus is a species of flowering plant in the lopseed family known by the common names thinsepal monkeyflower and membrane - leaf monkeyflower .
Oenopota rubescens is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae , .
Rhagoletis chionanthi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae .
Piophila is a genus of small two - winged flies which includes the species known as the cheese fly .
Demophoo hammatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Demophoo .
Smerinthus is a Holarctic genus of hawkmoths in the family Sphingidae .
Hyperopisus bebe is a species of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae .
Astragalus jaegerianus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Lane Mountain milkvetch .
Obolellida is a small , extinct order of inarticulate brachiopods that existed from the early to middle Cambrian period .
Meiacanthus atrodorsalis , the Forktail blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean .
Megatheriidae is a family of extinct ground sloths that lived from approximately 23 mya--11,000 years ago , existing for approximately 22.89 million years .
Digitaria cognata is a species of grass known by the common names fall witchgrass , Carolina crabgrass , and mountain hairgrass .
Rhodococcus is a genus of aerobic , nonsporulating , nonmotile Gram - positive bacteria closely related to Mycobacterium and Corynebacterium .
Euamyia chryselytria is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Euamyia .
Pyropia tenera , also known as nori , is a red algal species in the genus Pyropia .
Cyrtochiloides , a genus of orchids created in 2001 by Norris H. Williams and Mark W. Chase , is designed to provide a small group of Neotropical epiphytes , previously included under a broad concept of Oncidium Sw . , with a new , more accurate identity based on DNA .
The Entomobryomorpha are one of the three main groups ( order ) of springtails ( Collembola ) , tiny hexapods related to insects .
Sedum reflexum or Sedum rupestre , also known as reflexed stonecrop , Jenny 's stonecrop , blue stonecrop , stone orpine and prick - madam , is a species of perennial succulent plant of the genus Sedum , native to northern , central , and southwestern Europe .
Peziza petersii is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pezizaceae .
Cistanthe rosea ( formerly Calyptridium roseum ) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family commonly known as rosy pussypaws .
Ovodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with eleven species .
Paphiopedilum philippinense is a species of orchid occurring from the Philippines to northern Borneo .
Cordylanthus ramosus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name bushy bird 's beak .
Triprion petasatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize , Guatemala , Honduras , and Mexico .
Lysiphyllum cunninghamii , commonly known as the Kimberley Bauhinia or Jigal Tree , is a species of plant in the Fabaceae family .
Crepidula onyx , the onyx slippersnail or onyx slipper snail , is a species of sea snail with gills , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae , the slipper snails and cup - and - saucer snails .
Ageneiosus is a genus of driftwood catfishes found mostly in South America with one species extending into Central America .
Paraschistura alepidota is a species of stone loach found in the Madyan River in Pakistan and the Indus River in China .
†Carelia hyattiana was a species of small , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea .
Erigeron jonesii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Jones 's fleabane .
Paragonimus skrjabini is classified as a species in the genus Paragonimus , which consists of many species of lung flukes that result in the food - borne parasitic disease paragonimiasis .
Clava multicornis is a species of athecate hydroid belonging to the family Hydractiniidae .
Amolops aniqiaoensis ( Aniqiao torrent frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China .
Chlorocardium venenosum is one of two species of the genus Chlorocardium in the family Lauraceae .
Aaptos is a genus of sea sponge .
Abronia pogonantha is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family ( Nyctaginaceae ) known by the common name Mojave sand - verbena .
Gelagna succincta , common name the lesser girdled triton , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae , the triton snails , triton shells or tritons .
Glyphipterix melania is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix .
Ipomopsis congesta is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name ballhead ipomopsis .
Coelophysis rhodesiensis is an extinct species of coelophysid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 188 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now Africa .
Haliplus alluaudi is a species of Haliplidae in the genus Haliplus .
In 1984 this was named and shortly described by Rinchen Barsbold and Altangerel Perle as the type and only species of the new genus Harpymimus :
Persoonia myrtilloides , commonly known as myrtle geebung , is a shrub species that is endemic to New South Wales in Australia .
Tamaricaceae ( the tamarisk family ) is a flowering plant family containing four genera .
Endolobus is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order , Nautilida .
Sarcotheca glomerula is a species of plant in the family Oxalidaceae .
The Cordillera Yanachaga 's frog ( Phrynopus bracki ) ( Spanish : ranita de la Cordillera Yanachaga ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Synalpheus regalis is a species of snapping shrimp that commonly live in sponges in the coral reefs along the tropical West Atlantic .
Agriocnemis falcifera , the white - masked whisp is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
Chlamydia muridarum is an intracellular bacterial species that at one time belonged to Chlamydia trachomatis .
Cryptocoryne cruddasiana is a plant species belonging to the aroid genus Cryptocoryne .
Harmonia nutans ( syn . Madia nutans ) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name nodding madia .
Ganesocoris is a genus of assassin bugs .
Sivaladapidae is an extinct family of adapiform primates from Asia .
Trypanidius nocturnus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , and the only species in the genus Trypanidius .
Hastula albula , common name : the white - banded auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Monolopia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name common monolopia .
Puzosia is a genus of desmoceratid ammonite , and the type genus for the Puzosiinae , which lived during the middle part of the Cretaceous , from early Albian to upper Santonian ( 130.0 to 70.6 Ma ) .
Phytolacca is a genus of perennial plants native to North America , South America , East Asia and New Zealand .
The Polygonaceae are a family of flowering plants known informally as the knotweed family or smartweed -- buckwheat family in the United States .
Ptychochromis makira is a species of cichlid only known from the Antainambalana River in the northernmost part of the Toamasina Province in Madagascar .
Asterophora parasitica , commonly known as the parasitic Asterophora or the Russula parasite , is a species of fungus that grows as a parasite on other mushrooms .
The scientific name Solanum nelsonii has also -- invalidly -- been given to two other species of nightshade :
Bagheera prosper is a species of jumping spiders of the family Salticidae .
Cymbidiella , abbreviated as Cymla in horticultural trade , is a genus of 3 species of epiphytic orchids native to the moist forests of Madagascar .
Thelymitra cyanea , commonly known as the swamp sun orchid , is a species of orchid which is native to New Zealand and south - east Australia in South Australia , Victoria , New South Wales , the Australian Capital Territory , and Tasmania .
Odontopteryx is a genus of the prehistoric pseudotooth birds or pelagornithids .
Campynema is a plant genus in the Campynemataceae family first described in 1805 .
Allium thunbergii is an East Asian species of wild onion native to Japan ( incl Bonin + Ryukyu Islands ) , Korea , and China ( incl . Taiwan ) .
Ayapana is a genus of perennial herbs in the sunflower family .
The Ulodidae are a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga .
Myripristis is a genus of soldierfishes .
Salsola stocksii is a shrub species of the family Amaranthaceae .
Tenebrio obscurus is a species of darkling beetle , whose larvae , when used as feeder insects for reptile and amphibian pets , are known as mini mealworms .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Columnomyces ptomaphagi .
Tantilla tritaeniata , commonly known as the three - banded centipede snake , is a species of small colubrid snake .
Xanthosia pilosa , known as the Woolly Xanthosia is a species of the plant family Mackinlayaceae , but sometimes also placed in Araliaceae or Apiaceae .
Euphorbia pubentissima , known by the common names false flowering spurge and southeastern flowering spurge , is a species of plant in the spurge family .
Houstonia correllii , the Zapata County bluet , or Correll 's bluet , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Lewisia disepala is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Yosemite lewisia .
Alsodes is a genus of alsodid frogs found in Chile and Argentina .
Xylodromus affinis is a species of beetle in the Staphylinidae family , that can be found in Europe .
Garra gotyla is a species of ray - finned fish in the cyprinid family from freshwater in South Asia .
Pachymatisma johnstonia is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Geodiidae .
Rodriguezia lanceolata is a species of orchid found from the St. Vincent , Trinidad , Panama , Colombia , Venezuela , the Guianas , Peru , Ecuador , and Brazil .
The Tetrapediini are a tribe of apid bees .
Hedychium coccineum , also known as orange gingerlily , scarlet gingerlily , and orange bottlebrush ginger ) , is a species of flowering ginger .
Meganoplium imbelle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Meganoplium .
Myxodes ornatus is a species of clinid native to the Pacific coast of Chile , South America .
Afrolittorina knysnaensis , common name the southern periwinkle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
Anthoxanthum , the vernal grasses or vernalgrasses , is a genus of plants in the grass family . Jepson Manual Treatment The members of Anthoxanthum are widespread in temperate and subtropical parts of Africa and Eurasia , with a few species in tropical mountains .
Calliostoma granti , common name the multibeaded maurea , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Oncidium raniferum is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Brazil .
Myrceugenia leptospermoides is a species of small evergreen tree or large shrub in the genus Myrceugenia of the family Myrtaceae .
Tilefishes are mostly small perciform marine fish comprising the family Malacanthidae .
Hyalopsocus morio is a black coloured species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain , Ireland , Poland , Romania , and in every country of Western Europe ( except for Finland , Luxembourg and Scandinavia ) .
Carex neurophora is a species of sedge known by the common name alpine nerve sedge .
Vespadelus is a genus of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Odontobutis yaluensis is a species of freshwater sleeper endemic to China .
Francoa sonchifolia , commonly known as bridalwreath , is a plant species in the family Melianthaceae .
Acrochaetiales is an order of red algae .
Aradus is a genus of true bugs in the family Aradidae , the flat bugs .
Phlox stansburyi is a species of phlox known by the common names cold - desert phlox and pink phlox .
Laminaria agardhii is a species of brown kelp , noted by a strong holdfast and finger - like blades .
Ovalipes ocellatus is a species of crab from eastern North America , known as the lady crab , calico crab ( not to be confused with Hepatus epheliticus ) or ocellated crab .
Anomaloglossus lacrimosus is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Megasyrphus erratica is a Eurasian species of hoverfly associated with mature conifer woodlands and plantations .
Gongora galeata is a species of orchid found in Mexico .
Rheobates palmatus is a species of frog in the family Aromobatidae ; it is the type species of genus Rheobates erected in 2006 .
Hemidactylus brookii , commonly known as Brooke 's house gecko , is a widespread species of gecko .
Abraxas membranacea is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae .
Isocoma pluriflora , commonly called Southern jimmyweed , is a North American species of flowering perennial herbs in the sunflower family .
Oliva reticularis , common name the netted olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Eleutherococcus senticosus is a species of small , woody shrub in the family Araliaceae native to Northeastern Asia .
Anisopodus latus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Monné & Martins in 1976 .
Pinus dabeshanensis , Dabieshan white pine , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Cochlespira cedonulli is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae , .
Rhagio tringarius , common name Marsh Snipefly , is a species of flies from the family Rhagionidae .
Hechtia gayorum is a species in the genus Hechtia and is the only monoecious species within the genus .
Typhlodessus monteithi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Typhlodessus .
Rauvolfia sandwicensis , the devil's - pepper , also known as hao in the Hawaiian language , is a species of flowering plant in the milkweed family , Apocynaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Carex otrubae , the false fox - sedge , is a species of flowering plant in the Cyperaceae family which can be found in Central Asia , Europe , West Siberia , and Xinjiang , China at the elevation of 1,800 millimetres ( 71 in ) .
Geckoella is a genus of Gekkonidae endemic to India and Sri Lanka .
Leccinum rugosiceps , commonly known as the wrinkled Leccinum , is a species of bolete fungus .
Vulpia microstachys is a species of grass known by the common names small fescue and small sixweeks grass .
Xyris isoetifolia , the quillwort yelloweyed grass , is a plant species native to southern Alabama and to the Florida panhandle , where it is found in coastal plains , Sphagnum bogs , and the edges of sinkholes .
Incisoscutum is a genus of arthrodire placoderm from the Late Frasnian Gogo Reef , from Late Devonian Australia .
The Neriidae are a family of true flies ( Diptera ) closely related to the Micropezidae .
Rhacophorus hoanglienensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Vietnam and possibly China .
Prionus californicus , commonly known as the California root borer , is a species of insect in the longhorn beetle family ( Cerambycidae ) .
Lethocerus americanus is a giant water bug in the family Belostomatidae , native to southern Canada and the United States ( north of 35 ° N ; other Lethocerus species are found southwards ) .
Nebria kabakovi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Afghanistan .
Austrochloritis ascensa is a species of gastropod in the Camaenidae family .
Gyrinoides limbatus is a species of beetle in the family Gyrinidae , the only species in the genus Gyrinoides .
Pomatoceros triqueter is a species of tube - building annelid worm in the class Polychaeta .
Curculio elephas is a species of beetle in the family Curculionidae , the true weevils .
Nemanthus annamensis , commonly known as the gorgonian wrapper , is a species of sea anemone found in central Indo - Pacific waters .
Anoplocapros is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans where they are found mostly around Australia .
Xylorhiza cronquistii , common name Cronquist 's woody - aster , is a plant species endemic to the Kaiparowits Plateau in Grand Staircase - Escalante National Monument in Kane County , Utah at elevations of 1900 - 2100 m. Xylorhiza cronquistii is a subshrub up to 30 cm tall .
Modiolus albicostus is a species of `` horse mussel '' , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae , the mussels .
Monolopia major is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name cupped monolopia .
The Anomphalidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks .
Cerambycinus dubius is an extinct species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cerambycinus .
The Dark Knob - tipped shadowdamsel , ( Drepanosticta montana ) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae .
The Cochabamba mountain finch ( Compsospiza garleppi ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
Catasigerpes mortuifolia is a species of praying mantis in the genus Catasigerpes in the order Mantodea .
Quercus pontica , the Pontine oak or Armenian oak , is a species of oak native to the western Caucasus mountains of Georgia and northeastern Turkey and Armenia , where it grows at altitudes of 1,300 - 2,100 m.
Chondrinidae is a family of mostly minute air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the order Pulmonata .
Meadowlarks are New World grassland birds belonging to the genus Sturnella .
Menegazzia capitata is a species of lichen from Southeast Asia .
Bothrops moojeni , commonly known in English as the Brazilian lancehead , is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family .
Stenorynchoacrum xijiangensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China where it is only known from Guangxi Province .
Homo gautengensis is a hominin species proposed by biological anthropologist Darren Curnoe in 2010 .
Chiloglanis emarginatus , the Phongolo suckermout , is a species of upside - down catfish native to Mozambique , South Africa , Swaziland and Zimbabwe where it occurs in the Pongola , Komati , Pungwe and the middle to lower Zambezi Rivers .
Sphenosuchia is a suborder of basal crocodylomorphs that first appeared in the Triassic and occurred into the Late Jurassic .
Boletus auripes , commonly known as the butter - foot bolete , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Hemidactylus robustus is a species of geckota order of geckos .
Cyclostomatida , or cyclostomes , are an ancient order of stenolaemate bryozoans which first appeared in the Lower Ordovician .
Elysia pusilla is a species of small sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae .
Bacilladnavirus is a genus of single stranded DNA viruses .
Stokesia vernalis is a species of single - celled ciliate protozoa of the genus Stokesia .
Micrelaps tchernovi , commonly known as Tchernov 's chainling , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
Patagonykus is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina .
It was described by Wedekind in 1914 , and the type species is Denckmannites volborthi , which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Barrande in 1852 .
Penicillium novae - zelandiae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the plant Festuca novae - zelandiae . Penicillium novae - zelandiae produces patulin , 3-hydroxybenzyl alcohol and gentisyl alcohol
The Japanese red - backed vole or Wakayama red - backed vole or Anderson 's red - backed vole ( Myodes andersoni ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Heliconia latispatha ( expanded lobsterclaw ) is a plant species native to southern Mexico ( Tabasco , Oaxaca , Chiapas , Campeche ) , Central America and northern South America ( Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador and Peru ) and naturalized in Florida and Jamaica .
Lankascincus greeri , commonly known as Greer 's Lanka skink , is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka .
Hyperolius tuberilinguis ( commonly known as tinker reed frog ) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Argyresthiinae is a subfamily of moths of the Yponomeutidae family , although it is treated as a full family Argyresthiidae by some authors .
Mountain labordia ( Labordia hirtella ) is a species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family .
Tanymastix is a genus of anostracan crustaceans , characterised by their lenticular ( lentil - shaped ) eggs .
Othonna is a genus of African plants in the sunflower family .
Phengaris is a genus of gossamer - winged butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae .
The Uranoceratidae is a family of Silurian barrandeoceroids that tend to become uncoiled with age and in which siphuncle segments tend to be expanded into the camerae .
The Littorinidae are a taxonomic family of over 200 species of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha , commonly known as periwinkles and found worldwide .
Cyathea gregaria is a species of tree fern endemic to eastern New Guinea , where it grows in lowland forest and coastal rain forest , often forming clumps , at an elevation of up to 100 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and usually 4 - -5 m tall and about 10 cm in diameter .
Oceanodroma is a genus of storm petrels .
The Acanthizidae , also known as the Australasian warblers , are a family of passerine birds which include gerygones , thornbills , and scrubwrens .
Mentzelia torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Torrey 's blazingstar .
Graptopsaltria nigrofuscata , the large brown cicada , is a species of cicada in the genus Graptopsaltria of the family Cicadidae found across East Asia , including Japan , the Korean Peninsula , and China .
The Pediciidae or hairy - eyed craneflies are a family of flies closely related to true crane flies , with about 500 species worldwide .
Cyclopsis tentacularis is a species of lumpfish native to the Sea of Okhotsk .
In his original description of the genus , Lang described the sporangia as flattened , `` with terminal sporangia that are short and wide '' , and in the species Cooksonia pertoni `` considerably wider than high '' .
Drosera tomentosa , is a species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Brazil .
Iris arenaria ( Sand Iris ) is a species in the genus Iris , it is also in the subgenus of Iris and in the Psammiris section .
Dipterocarpus obtusifolius is a common species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found throughout Southeast Asia , including Andaman Islands , Myanmar , Thailand , Cambodia , Laos and Vietnam .
It contains only one species , Scintillithex glaucisparsa , which is found on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia .
Streptococcus cristatus is a species of viridans Streptococcus with tufted fibrils , first isolated from the human oral cavity and throat .
Megistolepis is a genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period .
Brodiaea minor is a species of flowering plant in the cluster - lily genus known by the common names dwarf brodiaea and vernalpool brodiaea .
Marginellona gigas is a species of very large deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae .
Pachyphytum hookeri is a species of the genus Pachyphytum in the family of Crassulaceae .
Eurydice pulchra , the speckled sea louse , is a species of isopod crustacean found in the northeast Atlantic Ocean .
Ribes sericeum is a species of currant known by the common name Lucia gooseberry , or Santa Lucia gooseberry ; its Latin epithet of sericeum means `` of silk '' .
Davidaster discoideus or the beaded crinoid is a species of feather star in the family Comasteridae .
Buergerocaris is an extinct genus of shrimp , containing only one species , Buergerocaris psittacoides .
Meroctenus crenulatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Meroctenus .
Microgale grandidieri , also known as Grandidier 's shrew tenrec , is a species of shrew tenrec occurring in the dry forests of western and southwestern Madagascar .
Pilotrochus is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Pilotrochus besmerus .
Edmontosaurini are a tribe of saurolophine hadrosaurs that lived in the Northern Hemisphere during the Late Cretaceous period .
Hostuviroid is a genus of viroids that includes the hop stunt viroids , a group of viroids that infects many different types of plants , including the common hop plant .
Mikrogeophagus is a genus of small cichlids native to the Amazon and Orinoco basins in South America .
Dysoxylum pettigrewianum , commonly known as the Spurwood , is a species of large tropical rainforest tree in the Mahogany family .
Ceranthia tristella is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Ceranthia of the family Tachinidae .
Artemisia norvegica is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names alpine sagewort , boreal sagewort , mountain sagewort , Norwegian mugwort , arctic wormwood , and spruce wormwood .
Tectisumen clypidellaeformis is a species of small deepwater limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lepetellidae .
Rubus tomentosus is a European and Middle Eastern species of brambles in the rose family .
Ludodactylus was a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the Aptian - age Lower Cretaceous Crato Formation of Ceará , Brazil .
Artemisia glacialis ( Glacier Wormwood ) is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family .
Potamon fluviatile is edible , as indicated by its alternative specific epithet edulis , and was known to the ancient Greeks ; it is probably this species which they depicted on medals found at Agrigento , Sicily .
Epaphrodita lobivertex is a species of praying mantis , native to Hispaniola , that was discovered in 2004 .
Oreochromis leucostictus is a species of cichlid originally native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda .
Asterropteryx striata , known commonly as the Striped Goby , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae .
Mauritia mauritiana , common names the humpback cowry , chocolate cowry , mourning cowry and Mauritius cowry , is a species of tropical sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Papilio nubilus is a rare species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that can be found in Borneo .
Acroncosa similella is a species of snout moth in the genus Acroncosa .
Chiromantis doriae ( common names : Doria 's Asian treefrog , Doria 's bush frog , Doria 's bushfrog , Doria 's tree frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Pallidohecyra pallida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pallidohecyra .
Pyropelta bohlei is a species of small sea snail , a deep - water limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyropeltidae .
Archaeonycteridae ( formerly spelled Archaeonycterididae ) is a family of extinct bats .
Elaeodendron melanocarpum is a species of shrubs or small trees endemic to northern Australia .
Papilio euterpinus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Nephelomys meridensis , also known as the Mérida oryzomys , is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae .
Pinjalo is a genus of snappers native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean , with these currently recognized species :
Chrysochroa vittata is a species of beetle in the Buprestidae family .
Monardella arizonica is a plant species endemic to Arizona in the USA , known by the common name Arizona monardella .
Spermacoce ovalifolia , the broadleaf false buttonweed , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Lomatia dentata , commonly known as piñol or avellanillo , is a species of tree in the family Proteaceae .
Allium roborowskianum is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang and Mongolia .
Cerion chrysalis is a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerionidae , the peanut snails .
Arubolana aruboides is a species of crustacean in the family Cirolanidae .
Billbergia pyramidalis , commonly known as the Flaming torch , is a species of bromeliad that is native to Brazil , Venezuela , French Guiana , the Lesser Antilles and Cuba .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Gloeocorticium cinerascens , found in Argentina .
Oscinella frit is a European species of fly and member of the family Chloropidae .
Lathyrus splendens is a species of wild pea known by the common names pride of California and Campo pea .
Heliamphora purpurascens is a species of marsh pitcher plant known only from the summit area of Ptari Tepui in Venezuela , where it grows at elevations of 2400 - -2500 m.
The Dryomyzidae are a small family of flies ranging from 4 - 18 mm long , with prominent bristles , and yellow to brown or rust - yellow coloring .
Paragomphus alluaudi is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Philaenus spumarius , the ' Meadow Froghopper ' , is a species belonging to the family Aphrophoridae .
Rolandra is a genus of flowering plants in the Vernonieae within the daisy family .
Quercus basaseachicensis is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae ( beech ) family .
Pseudopezus binigromaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudopezus .
Acheilognathus melanogaster ( Japanese bitterling ) is a species of brackish , freshwater ray - finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus .
Pseudohaetera hypaesia is a butterfly species from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae .
Daphoenodon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore , which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae ( `` bear dogs '' ) of the suborder Caniformia .
Chorizanthe diffusa is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name diffuse spineflower .
Rhenopteridae are an extinct family of prehistoric eurypterids that lived in the Lower Devonian period in Europe and possibly North America .
Potamotrygonocotyle is a genus of flatworms that parasitise stingrays of the genus Potamotrygon .
Anochetus goodmani is a species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Storckiella australiensis is a species of large rainforest legume trees up to 35 m ( 115 ft ) tall , constituting part of the plant family Fabaceae .
Sahyadria chalakkudiensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Chalakkudy River , Kerala , India in the Western Ghats where it can be found in well - vegetated upper reaches of rivers .
Pseudacteon formicarum is a kind of parasitic species of fly from the family of Phoridae of the subfamily Metopininae .
Disa stairsii is a species of Disa of the family Orchidaceae that can be found growing with the giant heathers on the Rwenzori Mountains of mountains in East tropical Africa .
Veterupristisaurus is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurid theropod dinosaur known from the Jurassic of Tendaguru , southeastern Tanzania .
Anisus natalensis is a species of a freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Dwarf cypress ( Callitris monticola ) is a species of conifer in the Cupressaceae family .
Haplochromis petronius is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake George , Uganda .
Neottia bifolia ( syn . Listera australis ) , common name southern twayblade , is a species of terrestrial orchid found in eastern Canada ( from Nova Scotia to Ontario ) and the eastern United States ( from Florida west to eastern Texas and north to Vermont ) .
Mastax brittoni is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in Taiwan .
Tillandsia setacea , the southern needleleaf , is a species in the genus Tillandsia .
Paraclinus ditrichus , the Leastfoot blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico at depths of from near the surface to 6 metres ( 20 ft ) .
Clematis microphylla ( Small - leaved Clematis ) is one of 8 Clematis species native to Australia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Gelatinodiscus flavidus .
Hydnellum conigenum , commonly known as the funnel hydnum , is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae found in North America .
Cornus peruviana is a species of tree in the family Cornaceae native to montane forests of southern Central America and western South America , from Costa Rica and Venezuela south to Bolivia .
Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere .
Epipremnum ceramense is a plant species of family Araceae .
Seraphsidae is a family of small to medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Coffea is a genus of flowering plants whose seeds , called coffee beans , are used to make coffee .
Prunus microcarpa ( small - fruited cherry , كرز صغير الثمر ) is a species of Prunus native to Western Asia and the Caucasus .
The hymenopteran family Scelionidae is a very large cosmopolitan group ( over 3000 described species in some 160 genera ) of exclusively parasitoid wasps , mostly small ( 0.5 - -10 mm ) , often black , often highly sculptured , with ( typically ) elbowed antennae that have a 9- or 10-segmented flagellum .
Cyanea procera is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Molokai cyanea .
Houstonia ouachitana ( Ouachita bluet ) is a species of plants in the coffee family .
Pupisoma orcula is a species of minute , air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusks in the family Valloniidae .
Chlamydomonas is a genus of green algae consisting of unicellular flagellates , found in stagnant water and on damp soil , in freshwater , seawater , and even in snow as `` snow algae '' .
Quasicaecilia is an extinct genus of microsaur .
It contains the single species Rimanella arcana .
Acacia pervillei is a species of Acacia that is endemic to Madagascar . The species was first formally described by English botanist George Bentham in 1875 in Transactions of the Linnean Society of London .
Pleurobema riddellii is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Cupiennius foliatus is a banana spider species found in Costa Rica and Panama .
Hintonella is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae . It contains only one known species , Hintonella mexicana , native to central and southern Mexico ( Jalisco , Guerrero , Mexico State , Morelos , Michoacán , Oaxaca ) .
Semiotus insignis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Elateridae .
Orchestina is a spider genus in the family Oonopidae .
Proportionately , the Mary River turtle has the smallest head and largest hind feet of all the species within the catchment , which contributes to its distinction of being the fastest swimmer .
Branchinella lithaca , the Stone Mountain fairy shrimp , is a species of crustacean in the family Thamnocephalidae .
Nymphargus puyoensis ( common name : Puyo giant glass frog ) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family .
Eucalyptus oreades , commonly known as the Blue Mountains Ash , is a species of eucalyptus native to eastern Australia .
Jasus lalandii ( also called the Cape rock lobster or West Coast rock lobster ) is a species of spiny lobster found off the coast of Southern Africa .
Morelia spilota is a large species of python in the genus , reaching between 2 to 4 metres ( 6.6 to 13.1 ft ) in length and weighing up to 15 kilograms ( 33 lb ) .
Haasiasaurus is an extinct genus of early mosasaur , originally named `` Haasia '' by M. J. Polcyn et al . , in honour of the palaeontologist Georg Haas .
Coffea liberica ( or Liberian coffee ) is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family .
Hieracium carneum , common name Huachuca hawkweed , is a North American plant species in the sunflower family , native to Arizona , New Mexico , Texas and Chihuahua .
Mordacia mordax , known as the short - headed lamprey , Australian lamprey or Murray lamprey , is a species of southern topeyed lamprey that lives in south - eastern Australia .
Alatiliparis is a genus of orchids native to Java and Sumatra in Indonesia .
Damon diadema is a species of arachnid , sometimes known as the tailless whip scorpion .
Cycas calcicola is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas , native to northern Australia in the northwest of Northern Territory .
Espostoopsis is a monotypic genus of cactus containing the single species Espostoopsis dybowskii .
The Flores warty pig ( Sus heureni ) , is a species of in the pig genus ( Sus ) found in southern Asia .
Sartilmania is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Early Devonian ( Emsian stage , around 410 to 390 million years ago ) .
Togocetus ( `` Togo whale '' ) is a genus of extinct cetacean from the Lutetian ( lower Eocene ) of Togo , known from a fossilized skeleton discovered few kilometers north - east of Lomé .
Diamella kaszabi is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that is endemic to the Taiwan ( Formosa ) .
Donacia tomentosa is a species of leaf beetle , that is distributed throughout Palearctic region , and from Southern France to Central Siberia .
Bertrana is a spider genus that occurs from Central to South America .
Phoberocyon is a large extinct genus of carnivorous Hemicyonid , found primarily in North America during the Miocene living from 20.6 - -16.3 mya , existing for approximately 4.3 million years .
Booponus is a genus of blow flies in the family Calliphoridae .
Pterocerdale insolita is a species of freshwater dartfish known only from Weipa , Queensland , Australia .
Harpachne schimperi is a species of grass in the true grass family ( Poaceae ) , found from Ethiopia and Sudan south to Zambia .
Xenophora neozelanica , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae , the carrier snails or carrier shells .
Ethopia gigantea is a species of snout moth in the genus Ethopia .
Conus rolani , common name Rolan 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Ivesia kingii , reclassified as Potentilla kingii , is a species of flowering plant known by the common name King 's mousetail .
Azorella gummifera is a species of Azorella flowering plant .
Brachyachne is a genus of African , Australian , and Southeast Asian plants in the grass family .
Only one species is recorded , Niaftasuchus zekkeli , from Nyafta , basin of the Mezen ' River , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia .
Pallasina barbata , the Tubenose poacher , is a species of poacher native to the northern Pacific Ocean .
Lespedeza bicolor is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names shrubby bushclover , shrub lespedeza , and bicolor lespedeza .
Lernaea ( also incorrectly spelled Lernea ) is a genus of copepod crustaceans commonly called anchor worms , parasitic on freshwater fishes .
Noteosuchus is an extinct genus of basal rhynchosaur known from the earliest Triassic deposits of Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
Filago pyramidata , common name Broadleaf cottonrose , is a European plant species in the sunflower family .
Brickellia eupatorioides ( false boneset ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Chthonerpeton braestrupi is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family .
Linhenykus is an extinct genus of alvarezsaurid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Inner Mongolia , China .
Peloroplites ( from Greek pelor `` monster '' , and hoplites , `` armoured soldier '' ) is a genus of nodosaurid armored dinosaur from Lower Cretaceous rocks of Utah .
Tragulina is an infraorder of even - toed ungulates .
Acemyini is a small but cosmopolitan tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae .
Iris latifolia , the English iris , also known as I. xiphiodes and I. anglica , is a hardy flowering bulbous species of the iris genus , in the family Iridaceae .
The Gobryidae are a family of five species in the genus Gobrya .
Posticobia norfolkensis is an extinct species of freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae , the mud snails .
Leistus rufomarginatus is a species of ground beetle that is native to Europe where it can be found in the following regions :
Ceanothus americanus is a species of shrub native to North America .
Galium humifusum ( spreading bedstraw ) is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Helmholtzia is a small genus of flowering plants described in 1866 .
Melaleuca orophila was first named in 2006 by Lyndley Craven in Novon when he transferred the species from Callistemon .
Cyanea asarifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name gingerleaf cyanea .
Aquamarina is a fungal genus in the class Dothideomycetes .
Stratesaurus is an extinct genus of small - bodied rhomaleosaurid plesiosaur known from the Early Jurassic period ( most likely earliest Hettangian stage ) of the United Kingdom .
Stilifer is a genus of small ectoparasitic sea snails that used to belong in the family Stiliferidae .
Nebria bissenica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Romania .
Zygosaccharomyces bailii is a species in the genus Zygosaccharomyces .
Sphaerolichus armipes is a mite species in the genus Sphaerolichus .
Ficus pumila ( creeping fig or climbing fig ) is a species of flowering plant in the mulberry family , native to East Asia ( China , Japan , Vietnam ) and naturalized in parts of the southeastern and south - central United States .
Citrullus ecirrhosus , commonly known as Namib tsamma , is a species of perennial desert vine in the Cucurbitaceae ( gourd ) family , and a distant relative of the widely consumed watermelon ( Citrullus lanatus ) .
Coreopsis stillmanii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Stillman 's tickseed .
Acropora verweyi is a species of acroporid coral found in the southwest and northern Indian Ocean , the central Indo - Pacific , Australia , southeast Asia , Japan , the East China Sea and the oceanic western Pacific Ocean .
Iridoteuthis is a genus of bobtail squid comprising two species .
The Japanese clawed salamander ( Onychodactylus japonicus ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to Japan .
Procoptodon was a genus of giant short - faced kangaroo living in Australia during the Pleistocene epoch .
Petrosavia sakuraii , one of three species in the genus Petrosavia , is a monocotyledonous plant first described by Tomitaro Makino in 1903 ( see illustration ) , distributed in eastern and south - eastern Asia .
Gonospira nevilli is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
Magiria imparella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Magiria .
Parastylonurus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid from the Silurian period .
Descurainia paradisa is a plant species native to eastern and northern California , southeastern Oregon , Box Elder County in northwestern Utah , and most of Nevada .
Mariosousa is a genus of 13 species of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Tylocephale ( meaning `` swollen head '' , from the Greek τυλη meaning ' callus ' or ' hard swelling ' and κεφαλη meaning ' head ' ) is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous period .
The Tibetan snowfinch , black - winged snowfinch , or Adams 's snowfinch ( Montifringilla adamsi ) is a species of bird in the sparrow family .
Discotrema is a genus of clingfishes found on reefs in the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Scilla buekkensis ( syn . Scilla drunensis subsp . buekkensis ( Speta ) Kereszty ) is a species of Scilla native to some beech and hornbeam forests in Hungary and Slovakia in Central Europe .
Pareiorhina rudolphi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraíba do Sul River near Lorena , São Paulo State , Brazil .
Linaria vulgaris ( common toadflax , yellow toadflax , or butter - and - eggs ) is a species of toadflax ( Linaria ) , native to most of Europe , northern Asia , the United Kingdom , Spain , east to eastern Siberia , and western China .
Neocalamobius clavatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neocalamobius .
Xenentodon is a genus of needlefishes native to Asia .
Lasthenia maritima is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names maritime goldfields and seaside goldfieds .
Notogibbula lehmanni , common name the many - coloured top shell , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae , the top shells .
Cambridgea elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cambridgea found in New Zealand .
Tarachodes minor is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes .
Changmaornis is an extinct genus of basal ornithuromorph dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Xiagou Formation of Changma Basin , Gansu Province of northwestern China .
Coomanum singulare is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Coomanum .
Helianthus agrestis is a species of sunflower known by the common name Southeastern sunflower .
Acer platanoides ( Norway maple ) is a species of maple native to eastern and central Europe and western Asia , from France east to Russia , north to southern Scandinavia and southeast to northern Iran .
Duttaphrynus atukoralei ( common names : Yala toad , Atukorale 's dwarf toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
The Marasmiaceae are a family of basidiomycete fungi which have white spores .
†Partula atilis was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Jobaria was a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived in the current - day Niger during the middle Jurassic Period , between 164 - -161 million years ago .
The Nepeidae are a family of trilobites , that lived during the late Middle Cambrian - earliest Upper Cambrian in what are today Australia , Antarctica , China and New Zealand .
Orobanche pinorum is a species of broomrape known by the common name conifer broomrape .
Pseudomys is a genus of rodent that contains a wide variety of mice native to Australia and New Guinea .
Rhynchospora megaplumosa , the Manatee beaksedge , is a plant species endemic to a small region in central Florida .
Myrrhinitis sporeuta is a moth in the Elachistidae family , and the only species in the genus Myrrhinitis .
Stanulus talboti , Talbot 's blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific Ocean .
Niuksenitia is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid from the Late Permian of Russia .
Physopyxis cristata is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Negro basin .
Zanclodon is an extinct genus of archosaurian reptile endemic to what would have been Europe during the Middle Triassic - Late Triassic epochs ( 245 - -199.6 mya ) .
Spintherobolus is a genus of characins endemic to Brazil , with four currently recognized species :
The Scombridae family of the mackerels , tunas , and bonitos includes many of the most important and familiar food fishes .
Pinanga crassipes is a species of palm tree in the Arecaceae family .
Cosmoclopius nigroannulatus is a species of assassin bug family ( Reduviidae ) , in the subfamily Harpactorinae .
Ctenogobius is a genus of gobies with a wide distribution in fresh , brackish and marine waters .
Huedepohlia pisciformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Huedepohlia .
Quercus castanea is a Mexican species of oak tree in the family beech family .
Hypselodoris imperialis is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
Enchelyurus petersi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean , in the Red Sea .
Amanita austroviridis , commonly known as the Australian verdigris lepidella , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae native to Australia .
Apateona hispanicum is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Apateona genus .
Capoeta baliki , `` the fourbarbel scraper '' , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Turkey .
Zyras collaris is a species of aleocharinae rove beetle in the genus Zyras .
Psorothamnus schottii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Schott 's dalea .
Ostrya chisosensis , common name `` Big Bend hop - hornbeam '' or `` Chisos hop - hornbeam , '' is a plant species endemic to Texas .
Calomera aulica is a species of tiger beetle in the genus Calomera .
Perideridia bolanderi is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Bolander 's yampah .
Asaccus is a genus of geckos commonly known as Southwest Asian leaf - toed geckos .
Onchidiidae are a family of small , air - breathing sea ( and land ) slugs .
Senticaudata was split off from the traditional suborder Gammaridea by Lowry & Myers in 2013 , as a part of a process of reorganising the higher taxonomy of amphipods .
Duriatitan is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived in the Late Jurassic in what is now the United Kingdom .
Pyramidellidae , common name the pyram family , or pyramid shells , is a voluminous taxonomic family of mostly small and minute ectoparasitic sea snails , marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs .
Ctenopoma is a genus of climbing gouramies native to Africa .
Amorphoscelis pantherina is a species of praying mantis native to Iraq .
Thyreus surniculus , is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae .
Neogobius is a genus of goby native to Black Sea and the Caspian Sea basins .
Lasiopetalum floribundum , commonly known as the free flowering lasiopetalum , is a species of shrub which is endemic to Western Australia .
Nahangbagrus songamensis is a species of torrent catfish endemic to Vietnam .
Salarias patzneri , Patzner 's blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean .
Brymela is a genus of moss in family Pilotrichaceae .
Amaranthus cruentus is a flowering plant species that yields the nutritious staple amaranth grain .
Ceratites ( `` Horn Stone '' ) is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod .
The Nadkarnii caecilian , Gegeneophis nadkarnii , is a species of caecilian found in India .
Allium aciphyllum , cammon name 针叶韭 zhen ye jiu , is a plant species native to Sichuan Province in China .
Orcula fuchsi is a species of land snail in the family Orculidae .
Australopithecus deyiremeda is a proposed species of early hominin among those who lived about 3.3 - -3.5 million years ago in northern Ethiopia , around the same time and place as several discovered specimens of Australopithecus afarensis , including the well - known `` Lucy '' , a juvenile specimen .
Ecklonia maxima , sea bamboo , is a species of kelp native to the southern oceans .
Idaeovirus is a genus of positive - sense ssRNA viruses that contains one species :
Cercopis sanguinolenta is a species of froghopper in the family Cercopidae .
Enneacanthus gloriosus is a species of fish in the Centrarchidae , the sunfishes , known by the common name blue - spotted sunfish .
Amphibola crenata ( titiko in the Māori language or mud - flat snail in English ) is a species of air breathing snail with an operculum , a pulmonate gastropod mollusc which lives in a habitat that is intermediate between the land and the sea , not entirely terrestrial and not entirely marine .
The Transcaucasian mole vole ( Ellobius lutescens ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Zerotulidae comprise a taxonomic family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Dysidea arenaria is a species of marine sponge ( poriferan ) found in the Pacific Ocean .
Paratheresina papuana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paratheresina .
Miridius quadrivirgatus , is a species of bug from the Miridae family which can be found in Suffolk and Pembrokeshire provinces of the United Kingdom .
Burnupia stenochorias is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Canavalia rosea is a species of flowering plant of the genus Canavalia in the pea family , Fabaceae , that has a pantropical distribution .
Abananote is a genus of butterflies from north - western South America of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae .
Callionymus hainanensis is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean .
Penstemon hartwegii , Hartweg 's beardtongue , is a species of flowering perennial herb in the plantain family .
Hymenodora is a genus of shrimp , containing four species , which collectively have a southern circumpolar distribution .
Givarbela steinbachi is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Givarbela .
Spermacoce or false buttonweed is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Aerides quinquevulnera is a species of orchid found in the Philippines and in New Guinea .
Megarhyssa nortoni ( common name western giant ichneumon ) is a species of large ichneumon wasp .
Canarium fusiforme is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Hadogenes bicolor is a species of scorpion endemic to South Africa .
Lomatium piperi is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Indian biscuitroot ( and called mámɨn in the local Sahaptin language ) .
Notopala hanleyi is a species of large freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae .
Galium mahadivense , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Olyra kempi is a species of longtail catfish native to Bangladesh and India where it is found in Mangaldai in Assam .
Sinobambusa tootsik , is a species of bamboo .
Viola lobata is a species of violet known by the common name pine violet .
Agama lionotus is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family , found in Tanzania , Uganda , Kenya and Ethiopia .
Icichthys is a genus of medusafishes native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the northern Pacific Ocean .
Cyclorana is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae ( tree frogs ) , whose members are found in most of Australia .
Leptathamas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) with one described species , which occurs only in New Guinea .
Amantis biroi is a species of praying mantis native to India , the Maluku Islands , Sulawesi , and the Sunda Islands .
Ichthyosauridae is an extinct family of thunnosaur ichthyosaurs from the latest Triassic and Early Jurassic ( Rhaetian to Pliensbachian stages ) of Europe , and possibly also from the middle Early Cretaceous ( Hauterivian or Barremian stage ) of Iraq .
Mallinella fulvipes is a species of spider in the family Zodariidae .
Lunularia cruciata , the crescent - cup liverwort , is a liverwort of order Marchantiales , and the only species in the genus Lunularia and family Lunulariaceae .
Megalaemyia albostriata is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Megalaemyia of the family Ulidiidae .
The Lance 's Brassia ( Brassia lanceana ) is a species of orchid .
Acropora indonesia is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Dr Carden Wallace in 1997 .
Ramphotyphlops broomi is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Canalisporium is a fungus genus of uncertain placement in the Sordariomycetes .
Melieria turcomanica is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae .
Phallotorynus is a genus of poeciliids native to southern Brazil , northern Argentina , and Paraguay .
Leptoscyphus azoricus is a species of liverwort in the Geocalycaceae family .
Erythrina abyssinica is a tree species of the genus Erythrina belonging to the plant family of the Fabaceae ( or Leguminosae ) described by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in 1825 .
Eciton vagans is a species of New World army ant in the genus Eciton .
The genus is monotypic , with only type species Cearachelys placidoi known .
Oncidium praetextum is a species of orchid endemic to southern and southeastern Brazil .
Cotoneaster cashmiriensis , the Kashmir cotoneaster , is a plant species in the Rosaceae family .
Striomecyna bimaculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Striomecyna .
Drosera erythrogyne is a scrambling or climbing perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Portunus trituberculatus , the gazami crab , Japanese blue crab or horse crab , is the most widely fished species of crab in the world .
Platycodon grandiflorus ( from Greek `` πλατυκώδων '' , meaning a broad bell ) is a species of herbaceous flowering perennial plant of the family Campanulaceae , and the only member of the genus Platycodon .
The Japanese pygmy woodpecker ( Picoides kizuki ) is a species of woodpecker found in Russia , China , North Korea , South Korea and Japan .
Astragalus californicus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Klamath Basin milkvetch .
Carinonautilus is a genus of extinct , Middle Cretaceous nautilid with a very involute , compressed shell in which the whorl section is higher than wide , umbilicus is small and shallow , or flanks converge on a narrow venter that has a rounded keel .
Arrhyton is a genus of New World colubrid snakes , with 8 described species , commonly known as island racers or racerlets .
Hyperia galba is a species of zooplankton , an amphipod in the family Hyperiidae .
Andricus quercuscalifornicus ( occasionally . A. californicus ) , or the California Gall Wasp , is a small wasp species that induces oak apple galls on white oaks , primarily the Valley Oak ( Quercus lobata ) but also other species such as Quercus berberidifolia .
Segnosaurus ( ' slow lizard ' ) is a genus of herbivorous theropod dinosaur belonging to the Therizinosauridae from the Cretaceous of Mongolia .
Anemone riparia ( Thimble weed ) is an upright growing herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae .
Pterolophosoma otiliae is an extinct species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pterolophosoma .
Skenea carmelensis , common name the Carmel skenea , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae .
Conus furvus , common name the dark cone , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Cycas ferruginea is a plant species native to Vietnam and to the Guangxi region of China .
Katepensaurus is an extinct genus of rebbachisaurid sauropod dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous of south - central Chubut Province of central Patagonia , Argentina .
Calochortus lyallii ( Lyall 's mariposa lily ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family .
Ecthoea quadricornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ecthoea .
Smalleyus is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae , containing the single species Smalleyus tricristatus .
Paphiopedilum godefroyae is a species of orchid endemic to peninsular Thailand , Vietnam and Malaysia .
Only a single species , Macrodontopteryx oweni , is known to date .
Guibourtia is a flowering plant genus in the family Fabaceae ( legume family ) .
Haliplus furcatus is a species of water beetle from Haliplidae family that can be found in Central Europe ( except Switzerland ) and Northwestern Europe ( except for Faroe Islands , Iceland , and Ireland ) .
The Ruatan Island agouti ( Dasyprocta ruatanica ) , also called the Roatán Island agouti , is a species of agouti in the family Dasyproctidae .
Echinopsis mamillosa is a species of cactus from Bolivia .
Nothobranchius rachovii , or the bluefin notho , is a species of freshwater annual killifish from Mozambique and South Africa .
Olinia emarginata , the mountain hard pear or berghardepeer in Afrikaans language , is a tree species in the genus Olinia native to South Africa .
Spinodiadelia spinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinodiadelia .
Scyphanthus is a genus of ornamental plants in the family Loasaceae .
Deuterosminthurus bisetosus is a species of springtail discovered recently living on the broom Genista hispanica in the autonomous community of Navarre in Spain .
The four - armed frogfish , Tetrabrachium ocellatum , is a species of anglerfish , closely related to the true frogfishes .
Tachina ursinoidea is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Burma , China , Nepal , Taiwan , Thailand , and Indian provinces like Assam , Uttar Pradesh , and Western Bengal .
Cassida bergeali is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family , that can be found in Austria , the Czech Republic , France , Germany , Poland and Slovakia .
Lallemantia canescens is a species of flowering plant in the mint family .
Luzula forsteri , commonly known as southern wood - rush , is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family that is native to Europe , north Africa and western Asia .
The Ellesmerocerida is an order of primitive cephalopods belonging to the subclass Nautiloidea with a widespread distribution that lived during the Late Cambrian and Ordovician .
Macroplea appendiculata is a species of leaf beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae which can be found in Northern and Central Europe .
Pisidium amnicum is a species of very small freshwater clam .
Oxychilus basajauna is a species of land snail in the family Oxychilidae .
Corumbataia cuestae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in small streams of the Tietê River ( upper Paraná River basin ) .
Streptomyces chlorus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from hay meadow soil from the Cockle Park Experimental Farm in Northumberland in the United Kingdom .
Stangeria eriopus is a cycad endemic to southern Africa It is the sole species in the genus Stangeria , most closely related to the Australian genus Bowenia , with which it forms the family Stangeriaceae .
Deinandra is a genus of tarweeds in the daisy family .
The genus , distributed in the former USSR , is monotypic , containing the single species Sphinctrinopsis pertusariae .
Atriplex spinifera is a species of saltbush , known by the common names spiny saltbush and spinescale saltbush .
Peraceras is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to North America during the Miocene , living from 20.6 - -10.3 mya and existing for approximately 10.3 million years .
Dorippe frascone , the urchin crab or carrier crab , is a small species of crab in the family Dorippidae that was first described scientifically by J.F.W. Herbst , in 1785 .
Passiflora , known also as the passion flowers or passion vines , is a genus of about 500 species of flowering plants , the namesakes of the family Passifloraceae .
Hatzegopteryx ( `` Hațeg basin wing '' ) is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur , known from incomplete remains found in Hunedoara County , Transylvania , Romania .
Calopteryx syriaca is a species of damselfly in the family Calopterygidae known commonly as the Syrian demoiselle .
Clytra bodemeyeri is a species of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae that can be found in Asia Minor and Iraq .
Lascoria cristata is a species of litter moth of the Erebidae family .
Bergia texana is a species of flowering plant in the waterwort family known by the common name Texas bergia .
Laurencia is a genus of red algae that mostly occurs in the sea near islands .
Bunium is a genus of flowering plants in the Apiaceae , with 45 to 50 species .
Phacelia breweri is a species of phacelia known by the common name Brewer 's phacelia .
Bryobia is a genus of mites in the spider mite family , Tetranychidae .
Vagrans is monotypic genus with the species Vagrant ( Vagrans egista ) a species of nymphalid butterfly found in forested areas of tropical South Asia and Southeast Asia .
Gulella ludwigi is a species of very small aerobic land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
Marshallia grandiflora , the Monongahela Barbara 's buttons , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Marshallia within the sunflower family .
Hoffmannius is a genus of scorpions in the family Vaejovidae .
Hypleurochilus fissicornis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northeast and southwest Atlantic ocean .
Ponthieva racemosa , commonly called the hairy shadow witch or racemose ponthieva , is a species of orchid found from the southeastern United States ( from Texas to Virginia ) , Mexico , Central America , the West Indies and northern South America as far south as Bolivia .
Nothobranchius furzeri , the turquoise killifish , is a species of African ruvuline native to Africa where it is only known from Zimbabwe and Mozambique .
Helicia lamingtoniana , also named Lamington 's silky oak , is a species of rainforest trees , of north -- eastern Queensland , Australia , and constitutes part of the flowering plant family Proteaceae .
Synodontis cuangoanus is a species of upside - down catfish native to Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Kwango River drainage .
Capillaria hepatica is a parasitic nematode which causes hepatic capillariasis in rodents and numerous other mammal species , including humans .
Delphinium barbeyi is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names subalpine larkspur , tall larkspur , and Barbey 's larkspur .
Babelomurex lischkeanus , otherwise known as the Australian Coral Shell is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Platylophus trifoliatus is a species of trees in the Cunoniaceae family .
Arisaema flavum ( Konso litota or panshalla ) is a species of flowering plant widespread across eastern Africa and southern Asia .
Myrothamnus flabellifolius is a plant species in the genus Myrothamnus found in Southern Africa .
Pseudotephritis inaequalis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Pseudotephritis of the family Tephritidae .
Chirocephalidae is a family of fairy shrimp , characterised by a reduced or vestigial maxilla , more than two setae on the fifth endite , divided pre - epipodites and widely separated seminal vesicles .
Ganoderma is a genus of polypore mushrooms that grow on wood , and include about 80 species , many from tropical regions .
Solidago gigantea is a North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Callianthemum is a genus that consists of 24 species of little rhizomatous herbs from high mountains in Europe , Central Asia and East Asia .
Aerides maculosa is a species of orchid endemic to India .
Geastrum fornicatum , commonly known as the acrobatic earthstar or the arched earthstar , is an inedible species of mushroom in the family Geastraceae .
Salvia viridis was known as Salvia horminum for many years , as Carl Linnaeus described S. viridis and S. horminum as separate species in 1753 .
Craspedophysa monteithi is a moss bug , the only confirmed , extant species in the genus Craspedophysa .
Cirsium ochrocentrum is a species of thistle known by the common name yellowspine thistle .
Alaninema ngata is a species of nematode .
Auriculella ambusta is a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
Aarabia is a genus of extinct vascular plants found in central Morocco in outcrops of Early Devonian age ( Emsian , around 408 to 393 million years ago ) .
Truncatella scalarina is a species of very small land snail that lives next to seawater , a gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae .
The Cayenne slender - legged tree frog ( Osteocephalus leprieurii ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela .
Bifidobacterium longum is a Gram - positive , catalase - negative , rod - shaped bacterium present in the human gastrointestinal tract and one of the 32 species that belong to the genus Bifidobacterium .
Rutiodon ( `` Wrinkle tooth '' ) is an extinct genus of archosaur belonging to the family Phytosauridae .
Manihot pentaphylla is a crotonoid species in the spurge family .
Bernardia trelawniensis is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family , Euphorbiaceae .
Chlorolestes fasciatus , the mountain malachite or mountain sylph is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae .
Cyathea imbricata is a species of tree fern endemic to Western New Guinea , where it grows in open forest at an altitude of 3240 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and approximately 2 m tall .
Caustis is a genus of rhizotamous sedges .
Dagasuchus is an extinct genus of pseudosuchian archosaur from the Middle Triassic of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , represented by the type species Dagasuchus santacruzensis .
Urvillea ulmacea is a plant species in the genus Urvillea found in French Guiana and in the Caatinga region of Brazil .
Araucaria cunninghamii is a species of Araucaria known as hoop pine .
Pseudostellaria sierrae is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Sierra starwort .
Chorus giganteus is a species of sea snail in the family Muricidae .
Bolboschoenus maritimus is a species of flowering plant from family Cyperaceae .
Astragalus agnicidus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Humboldt County milkvetch .
Chelidonura electra is a species of sea slug , a `` headshield slug '' , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aglajidae .
Navarretia is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants related to the phloxes and the gilias .
Horkelia cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name wedgeleaf horkelia .
Osakia lineolella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Osakia .
Homonotus is a genus of spider hunting wasps with an old world distribution , mainly in Africa .
Priscakoala is an extinct genus of koala from the Early Miocene of Riversleigh , Australia .
Zygophyllum billardierei , commonly known as Coast Twin - leaf , is a species of plant in the Zygophyllaceae family which is found in temperate regions of Australia .
Aethes seriatana , the seriated aethes moth , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Aciotis oliveriana is a plant species native to Colombia , Venezuela , Brazil , Ecuador and Perú .
Cellana strigilis redimiculum is a subspecies of large limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae .
Duvalia is a plant genus in the tribe Stapeliae , milkweed subfamily Asclepiadoideae , in the family Apocynaceae ( dogbane ) .
Gaza rathbuni , common name Rathbun 's gaza , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
Megalocoelacanthus is an extinct genus of lobe - finned fish which lived during the Cretaceous period in the Western Interior Seaway .
Snakes are elongated , legless , carnivorous reptiles of the suborder Serpentes that can be distinguished from legless lizards by their lack of eyelids and external ears .
Schwenckfeldina archoica is an extinct species of dark winged fungus gnat in the family Sciaridae known from a solitary Late Oligocene to Early Miocene fossil found in Mexico .
The order Symphypleona is one of the three main groups of springtails ( Collembola ) , tiny hexapods related to insects .
Phalacroseris is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family containing the single species Phalacroseris bolanderi , which is known by the common name Bolander 's mock dandelion .
Quercus xanthotricha is an Asian species of trees in the beech family .
Mahajangasuchidae is an extinct family of neosuchian crocodyliforms .
Marginella nebulosa , common name the cloudy marginella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Leptographium microsporum is a species of fungus in the family Ophiostomataceae .
Neoclinus is a genus of chaenopsid blennies found in the North Pacific ocean along the coasts of California , Baja California , Japan , Korea and Taiwan .
Phorcus punctulatus , common name the punctate monodont , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Pariolius armillatus is a species of three - barbeled catfish native to the upper Amazon basin of Brazil and Peru .
Potamonautes lirrangensis , the Malawi blue crab , is a species of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae .
Pomatoschistus montenegrensis is a species of goby endemic to Montenegro where it is known to occur in the Morača River and the Zeta and also in a natural channel in Lake Skadar which connects it with Lake Malo Blato .
The Lulworthiaceae are a family of marine fungi in the Ascomycota , class Sordariomycetes .
Bursaphelenchus xylophilus , commonly known as pine wood nematode or pine wilt nematode ( PWN ) , is a species of nematode that infects pine trees and causes the disease pine wilt .
Bisporella citrina , commonly known as yellow fairy cups or lemon discos , is a species of fungus in the family Helotiaceae .
Cratosoma pictum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Cratosoma .
Microbulbifer is a genus of Proteobacteria found in sea water .
Triplophysa grahami is a small species of stone loach from China .
Odontopleurida is an order of very spinose trilobites closely related to the trilobites of the order Lichida .
Lauridromia intermedia is a species of crab in the family Dromiidae and is native to the western Indo - Pacific .
It is the only species in the monotypic genus Madecorformica .
Nannothrissa is a genus of very small fish in the herring family , Clupeidae , endemic to the Congo River system in Africa .
Intelcystiscus is a genus of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Cystiscidae .
In the taxonomy of microorganisms , the Methanocella are a genus of the Euryarchaeota .
Hypocreopsis is a genus of ascomycete fungi that form stromata on the stems of trees and shrubs .
Acratocnus is an extinct genus of ground sloth found in Cuba , Hispaniola and Puerto Rico .
Cryptoplax striata , commonly known as the Striate Leathery Chiton is a species of chiton in the cryptoplax genus that lives under rocks and in crevices in the intertidal and subtidal waters of southern Australia .
The Metacapnodiaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota , class Dothideomycetes .
Allium tardiflorum is a plant species found in Israel .
Xenobrachyops is an extinct genus of labyrinthodont amphibian from the Triassic of Australia .
Papilio ptolychus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found on Guadalcanal and Florida Island .
Funambulus is a genus of rodents in the Sciuridae ( squirrel ) family .
Prolecithophora is an order consisting of an estimated 300 species of small ( typically 0.2 -- 12 mm , one species up to 50 mm ) , active , aquatic flatworms .
Batoidea is a superorder of cartilaginous fish commonly known as batoids or rays , but it also includes the skates and sawfishes .
Jablonskia congesta is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae .
Echeveria agavoides is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family , native to rocky areas of Mexico , notably the states of San Luis Potosí , Hidalgo , Guanajuato and Durango .
Herpetopoma aspersum , common name the speckled trop shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae .
Accara elegans is the sole species of the monotypic genus Accara in the botanical family Myrtaceae .
Heloecius cordiformis is a species of semiterrestrial crab found in mangrove swamps and mudflats along the east coast of Australia .
Neochloris terrestris is a microalga species in the genus Neochloris .
Banksia armata var . armata is a variety of shrub endemic to Western Australia .
Rostraria cristata , the Mediterranean hairgrass , is an annual grass species which is native to Eurasia and widely naturalised elsewhere .
Makalata is a genus of rodents in the family Echimyidae .
Carex chordorrhiza , commonly called creeping sedge or string sedge , is a species of perennial plant in the family Cyperaceae with Holarctic distribution growing in acidic bogs .
Eburia quadrigeminata , the ivory - marked beetle or ivory - marked borer , is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Ludwigia decurrens is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names willow primrose and wingleaf primrose - willow .
Pylaecephalidae is a family of dicynodont therapsids that includes Diictodon , Robertia , and Prosictodon from the Permian of South Africa .
Polydactylus plebeius , commonly known as the striped threadfin , is a species of marine fish native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans .
Trifolium subterraneum , the subterranean clover ( often shortened to sub clover ) , is a species of clover native to northwestern Europe , from Ireland east to Belgium .
Cyclopogon elegans is a species of terrestrial orchids in the genus Cyclopogon native to Brazil and Argentina .
Sturisoma frenatum is a species of armored catfish endemic to Ecuador where it occurs in high - altitude rivers .
Campyloneurum is a genus of ferns in family Polypodiaceae .
Parmenolamia unifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parmenolamia .
Isoberlinia is a genus in the family Fabaceae ( legume family ) of five species of tree native to the hotter parts of tropical Africa .
Renschia is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , first described as a genus in 1888 .
Ranunculus nivalis , the snow buttercup , is a species of plant in the family Ranunculaceae .
Neoodax balteatus , the Little weed whiting , is a species of weed whiting endemic to Australia where it occurs along the Indian Ocean coast from Cockburn Sound to north of the city of Sydney .
Myrmecia rowlandi is a species of bull ant native to Australia .
Alopecosa cronebergi is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Hungary , Russia and Ukraine .
The Alwis ' day gecko ( Cnemaspis alwisi ) is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Prionocerataceae is a superfamily in the goniatitid suborder , Tornoceratatina that was extant during the latter Paleozoic .
Phenacolepas is a genus of small sea snails that have a limpet - like or patelliform shell .
Conanthera is a genus of small bulbous plants with small panicles of blue , purple or white and purple flowers .
Penstemon clevelandii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Cleveland 's beardtongue .
Fragaria nubicola is a species of strawberry native to the Himalaya .
Cortodera pseudomophlus is a species of beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily , that can be found in Armenia , North Iran and Talysh .
Jeholosaurus is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Period .
Conus philippii , common name Philppi 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Leptotyphlops macrurus , or Boulenger 's blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Hexaplex trunculus ( also known as Murex trunculus , Phyllonotus trunculus , or the banded dye - murex ) is a medium - sized species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex shells or rock snails .
Arthrobacter ( from the Greek , `` jointed small stick '' ) is a genus of bacteria that is commonly found in soil .
Dimorphocalyx glabellus is a species of family Euphorbiaceae .
Ceanothus velutinus , with the common names Snowbrush ceanothus , Red root , and Tobacco brush , is a species of shrub in the family Rhamnaceae .
Californiconus californicus , common name the Californian cone , is a species of small , predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails .
Parecbasis cyclolepis is a species of characin fish found in Bolivia , Brazil and Peru .
Tabebuia aurea is a species of Tabebuia native to South America in Suriname , Brazil , eastern Bolivia , Peru , Paraguay , and northern Argentina .
Hypericum hypericoides , commonly called St. Andrew 's Cross , is a species of flowering plant in the St. John 's Wort family .
Harpella forficella is a species of the concealer moth family ( Oecophoridae ) , wherein it belongs to subfamily Oecophorinae .
Cotinis ibarrai is a species of the Cotinis scarab subgenus Liberocera .
Demequinaceae is a monotypic Actinomycete family .
Anisogomphus solitaris is a species of dragonfly in the Gomphidae family .
Crepis pulchra is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family with the common name smallflower hawksbeard .
Paraloricaria vetula is a species of armored catfish found in the La Plata Basin of Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay .
Notharctinae is an extinct subfamily of primates that were common in North America during the early and middle Eocene ( 55 - 34 million years ago ) .
It was described by Salter in 1865 , and the type species is Burmeisteria herschelii , which was originally described under the genus Homalonotus by Murchison in 1839 .
Osteopelta praeceps is a species of small , deep water sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Osteopeltidae .
Leptolalax pelodytoides ( Thao Asian toad , Karin metacarpal - tubercled toad , and many other common names ) is a frog species in the family Megophryidae .
Colognathus is a genus of extinct reptile from Late Triassic rocks of the southwestern United States .
Acacia ausfeldii , commonly known as Ausfeld 's wattle or whipstick cinnamon wattle , is a shrub species that is endemic to south - eastern Australia .
Hydnum umbilicatum , commonly known as the depressed hedgehog , is a species of tooth fungus in the family Hydnaceae .
Philodromus pinetorum is a spider species found from Portugal to Turkey .
Prunus myrtifolia , called the West Indies cherry or myrtle laurel cherry , is a New World species of shrubs in the rose family .
Enneanectes altivelis , known commonly as the Lofty triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny .
Torreya californica is species of conifer endemic to California , occurring in the Pacific Coast Ranges and the foothills of the Sierra Nevada .
Solanum pimpinellifolium , commonly known as the currant tomato , is a wild species of tomato native to Ecuador and Peru but naturalized elsewhere , such as the Galápagos Islands .
Galium austriacum , the Austrian bedstraw , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Nesoryzomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae , endemic to the Galápagos Islands .
Eleotris pellegrini is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Madagascar where it can be found in mangrove swamps .
Neocomitidae is a family of Lower Cretaceous ammonitids comprising genera with strongly ribbed evolute ( all whorls exposed ) to smooth , fairly involute ( inner whorls mostly hidden ) shells .
Clanculus limbatus , common name the keeled clanculus , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Prunus salicina should not be confused with the Prunus mume , a related species of plum also grown in China , Japan , and Korea .
For a long time the South Island piopio was considered conspecific with the North Island piopio that dwelt on New Zealand 's North Island , but later they were recognised as two distinct species due to pronounced differences in external appearance and osteology ( Olson et al . , 1983 ) .
The Western Andes toad , Rhaebo atelopoides , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia , where it is only known from the type locality in the Munchique National Natural Park , on the western slope of the Cordillera Occidental , Cauca .
Rubidgeinae is an extinct subfamily of gorgonopsid therapsids .
Agyneta mossica is a species of sheet weaver found in Europe .
Polyrhachis curvispina is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae , found in Sri Lanka .
Penicillium ochrosalmoneum is an anamorph , ascosporic species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreoviridin .
Ankarapithecus is a genus of extinct ape .
Zalipais bruniense is a species of microscopic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae .
Amblypomacentrus breviceps , known commonly as the Black - banded demoiselle , is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae , the damselfishes and the clownfishes .
Namibicola barrettae is a species of snout moth in the genus Namibicola .
Chirostenotes ( /ˌkaɪəroʊstᵻˈnoʊtiːz/ KY - ro - sti - NOH - teez ; named from Greek ' narrow - handed ' ) is a genus of oviraptorosaurian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous ( about 76.5 million years ago ) of Alberta , Canada .
Thalictrum cooleyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Cooley 's meadow - rue .
Euryale ferox ( also known as Makhana in Hindi and Punjabi , fox nut , foxnut , ' thangjing ' in Meeteilon i.e. Manipuri , makhana , nikori ( in Assamese ) , Onibas ( Onibasu ) in Japanese or gorgon nut ) is the only extant species in the genus Euryale .
Hepatocystis is a genus of parasitic protozoa transmitted by midges of the Culicoides genus .
Acetothermus is a genus in the phylum Bacteroidetes ( Bacteria ) .
Elaeocarpus is a genus of tropical and subtropical evergreen trees and shrubs .
Acentrogobius viridipunctatus , or the Spotted green goby , is a species of goby found in brackish and salt water in the lower Chao Phraya River .
Americardia media , common name the Atlantic strawberry cockle , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae , the cockles .
Ceratozamia latifolia is a species of cycad in the Zamiaceae family that is endemic to Querétaro , Hidalgo and San Luis Potosí in Mexico .
Thalassiosira pseudonana is a species of marine centric diatom .
Himerometra robustipinna is a species of crinoids belonging to the family Himerometridae .
Scabiosa stellata is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name starflower pincushions .
Excoecaria oppositifolia , an understory and evergreen tree species , belongs to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae .
Knemodynerus is a genus of potter wasps distributed through the Palearctic , Afrotropical , Indomalayan and Australasian regions .
Brachytritus hieroglyphicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Brachytritus .
Tordylium maximum is a species of south and south central Europe , probably not native in the northern parts of its range .
Linckia columbiae is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae .
Onchidella campbelli is a species of small , air - breathing sea slug , a shell - less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Onchidiidae .
Sargocentron is a genus of squirrelfish found in tropical parts of the Indian , Pacific and Atlantic Oceans , with the greatest species diversity near reefs in the Indo - Pacific .
Litoporus aerius is a cellar spider species found in Venezuela .
Dermatobotrys is a rare plant genus endemic to coastal scarp forests in Madagascar and from southern Zululand to the Transkei in South Africa .
Xylomyidae is a family of flies known commonly as the wood soldier flies .
The Arabian babbler is one of the 26 species of the genus Turdoides that constitutes together with several other genera the family Leiothrichidae .
Myscelia is a genus of nymphalid butterflies found in southern North America , Central America , and northern South America .
Patelloida corticata is a species of sea snail or true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae , the lottia limpets .
Barbus figuiguensis is a doubtfully distinct ray - finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae .
Macrotus is a genus of bats in the Neotropical family Phyllostomidae .
Cyclograpsus is a genus of crabs , containing the following species :
Malerisaurus is an extinct genus of prolacertiform archosauromorph known from Andhra Pradesh of India and Texas of the USA .
Salix lemmonii is a species of willow known by the common name Lemmon 's willow , named after J.G. Lemmon .
Tachina apicalis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China and Germany .
Neoeuxesta fumicosta is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Neoeuxesta of the family Ulidiidae .
Austrogomphus atratus ( black vicetail ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Amolops panhai is a species of true frog that can be found in western and peninsular Thailand and in eastern Myanmar .
Dillenia indica ( elephant apple , chulta / chalta or ouu ) is a species of Dillenia native to southeastern Asia , from India , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka east to southwestern China ( Yunnan ) and Vietnam , and south through Thailand to Malaysia and Indonesia .
Acanthus hirsutus is a plant species in the genus Acanthus .
Anisolabella braueri is a species of earwig in the genus Anisolabella , the family Anisolabididae , the suborder Forficulina , and the order Dermaptera .
Amblyeleotris yanoi is a marine benthic species of goby native to reef environments of the western Pacific Ocean .
Scaphiopus holbrookii , commonly known as the eastern spadefoot , is a species of American spadefoot toad ( family Scaphiopodidae ) endemic to the United States .
Dicya is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) of this genus are found in the Neotropical ecozone .
Ostracion rhinorhynchos is a species of boxfish commonly known as the horn - nosed boxfish or trunkfish .
Harpaphe is a genus of flat - backed millipedes native to the Pacific Northwest of North America .
Hemerocallis fulva , the orange day - lily , tawny daylily , tiger daylily , fulvous daylily or ditch lily ( also railroad daylily , roadside daylily , outhouse lily , tiger lily , and wash - house lily ) , is a species of daylily native to Asia .
Cirsium wrightii , Wright 's marsh thistle , is an endangered species of North American plants in the sunflower family .
Pisaurina mira is a species of spider in the family Pisauridae , the members of which are commonly called `` nursery web spiders . ''
Labicymbium montanum is a species of sheet weaver found in Venezuela .
Hypericum gentianoides is a species of St. John 's wort native to eastern North America .
Mordellistena aegea is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , which is in the Mordellistena genus that is endemic to Dodecanese islands .
Taxus × media , more commonly known as the Anglojap yew or simply Taxus media , is a conifer ( more specifically , a yew ) created by the hybridization of yew species Taxus baccata and Taxus cuspidata .
Lobatus galeatus , commonly known as the Eastern Pacific giant conch , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs and their allies .
Denticetopsis royeroi is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is only known from the holotype collected in a tributary to the upper Rio Negro .
Leiodidae is a family of beetles with around 3800 described species found worldwide .
The Bushveld gerbil , Gerbilliscus leucogaster , is a species of gerbil found in Angola , Botswana , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , South Africa , Swaziland , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
The African rock pipit ( Anthus crenatus ) , also known as the yellow - tufted pipit , is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family .
Drosophila falleni is a species of fly found in northeastern North America .
Angelica venenosa is a species of plant known as hairy angelica .
Ipomoea purpurea , the common morning - glory , tall morning - glory , or purple morning glory , is a species in the genus Ipomoea , native to Mexico and Central America .
Teuthowenia maculata is a species of glass squid in the genus Teuthowenia .
Ariamnes waikula is a species of spider from the Theridiidae family .
Emesaya brevipennis is a New World species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae .
Morotopithecus bishopi is a species of fossil ape discovered in Moroto , Uganda .
Tanystrosuchus is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the late Triassic period ( middle Norian stage , around 208 million years ago ) .
Conus lienardi or Lienard 's cone is a species of sophisticated predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Osmunda regalis , or royal fern , is a species of deciduous fern , native to Europe , Africa and Asia , growing in woodland bogs and on the banks of streams .
The Pluteaceae are a family of small to medium - sized mushrooms which have free gill attachment and pink spores .
Dorstenia fawcettii is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Jamaica and Haiti .
Sturisoma lyra is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil and Peru where it is found in the Juruá River basin .
Okenia felis is a species of very small sea slug , specifically a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae .
Ochagavia litoralis is a species of flowering plant in the bromeliad family , Bromeliaceae .
Nyctemera coleta , commonly known as the White tiger moth , is a species of moth found from India to the Philippines , and from Japan to Papua New Guinea .
Eucalyptus amygdalina , or black peppermint , is a species of Eucalyptus which is endemic to Tasmania , Australia .
Cladiella krempfi is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family .
Glomeris is largely European genus of pill millipedes .
Malus domestica ' Bramley 's Seedling ' ( commonly known as the Bramley apple , or simply Bramley , Bramleys or Bramley 's ) is a cultivar of apple which is usually eaten cooked due to its sourness .
Calochortus concolor , also known by the common name goldenbowl Mariposa lily , is a species of flowering plant in the lily family .
Hyperolius benguellensis ( common name : Benguella long reed frog , Benguella reed frog , Bocage 's sharp - nosed reed frog ) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Attalia philbyi , common name Yemen mantis is a species of praying mantis native to Yemen and Saudi Arabia .
Microhyla borneensis ( junior synonym Microhyla nepenthicola ) , also known as the Matang narrow - mouthed frog , is a species of microhylid frog found in the Matang Range in Sarawak , Borneo .
Stellaria borealis is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name boreal starwort .
The genus Pseudobolodon ( `` false Bolodon '' ) was named by Hahn G. in 1977 based on two species .
Melanonus is a genus of gadiform fishes containing just two species of cod - like marine fishes .
Cheilophlebium is a fungal genus in the order Agaricales .
Mammillaria mainiae is a species of cactus in the subfamily Cactoideae , with the common name counterclockwise nipple cactus .
Penthimia nigra is a species of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Deltocephalinae .
Isozoanthus sulcatus , is a species of zoanthid in the family Parazoanthidae .
Laetesia nornalupiensis is a species of sheet weaver spider found in Western Australia .
Cyclodium is a plant genus in the fern family Dryopteridaceae .
Clinostigma savoryanum ( pacific beauty palm , arrack tree , noyashi ( Japanese ノヤシ ) ) , is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family .
Melicerona felina , common name the kitten cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Vitis acerifolia is a species of grape native to the south - central part of the Great Plains of the United States ( Kansas , Oklahoma , northern Texas , eastern Colorado , and northeastern New Mexico ) .
Sceloporus occidentalis taylori is a subspecies of the western fence lizard , commonly called the Sierra fence lizard .
Pristimantis chiastonotus ( French name : `` eleutherodactyle porte - x '' ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Pardalinops testudinaria , common name : the tortoise dove shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
Heuchera hirsutissima is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name shaggy - haired alumroot .
The Red Grasshawk , also known as Common Parasol , and Grasshawk dragonfly , ( Neurothemis fluctuans ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Sphodros is a genus of mygalomorph spiders that occurs in the USA and Mexico .
Cryptocentrus leptocephalus , the Pink - speckled shrimpgoby , is a species of goby native to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs on silty substrates in coastal reefs , lagoons , mangrove swamps and tide pools .
Triportheus is a genus of characiform fishes from South America , including Trinidad .
It contains only one species , Micronyctemera fojaensis , which is found in Papua .
Coralliozetus rosenblatti , the Spikefin blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Musa nagensium is a species of the genus Musa , found in North - east India .
Tholymis tillarga , the coral - tailed cloudwing , is a species of dragonfly found from tropical West Africa to the Pacific Islands .
Acantholycosa paraplumalis is a species of wolf spider only known from the northern Altai Mountains , Russia .
North American river otters , like most predators , prey upon the most readily accessible species .
Tremella encephala is a species of fungus producing pink , brain - like , gelatinous basidiocarps ( fruit bodies ) .
Salacca is a genus of about 20 species of palms native to Southeast Asia and the eastern Himalayas .
Parakannemeyeria is an extinct genus of dicynodont .
Yukoniidae is a family of trilobites , belonging to the Eodiscina , small trilobites with headshield and tailshield of equal size and shape , and with two or three thorax segments .
Micrechites is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1857 .
Papilio appalachiensis , the Appalachian tiger swallowtail , is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in the eastern United States , particularly in the Appalachian Mountains .
Ceratophyllum demersum , commonly known as hornwort , rigid hornwort , coontail , or coon 's tail , is a species of Ceratophyllum .
Cotoneaster scandinavicus ( Scandinavian Cotoneaster ) is a species of Cotoneaster native to Scandinavia , in Norway , Sweden and Finland south of the Arctic Circle , the Danish island of Bornholm , and also the Baltic States of Estonia and Latvia .
Caenopedina pulchella is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae .
Platygillellus bussingi , Bussing 's stargazer , is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Costa Rica and Panama where it can be found on sandy bottoms at depths of from 1 to 15 metres ( 3.3 to 49.2 ft ) .
Sceloporus magister , also known as the desert spiny lizard , is a lizard species of the family Phrynosomatidae , native to the Chihuahuan Desert and Sonoran Desert of North America
Spermophorides baunei is a cellar spider species found in Sardinia .
Allium calamarophilon is a species of plant in the genus Allium .
Haplochromis rubripinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria .
Cipocereus is a genus of cacti from Brazil .
Cunninghamites elegans is an extinct conifer species in the family Cupressaceae .
The Anomoeotidae are a family of moths in the Lepidoptera order of about 40 species , with Afrotropical and Oriental distribution .
Drosera pallida , the pale rainbow , is a climbing or scrambling perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera .
Molgula citrina is a species of solitary tunicate in the family Molgulidae .
Leptobrachium hasseltii ( Hasselt 's toad , Java spadefoot toad , Hasselt 's litter frog , Tschudi 's frog ) is a species of toad found in Southeast Asia .
Megacephala lucifera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Erichson in 1847 , and can be found only in Bolivia and Peru .
Other species affected by this rust include Convallaria majalis , Dactylorhiza fuchsii , Dactylorhiza incarnata , Dactylorhiza majalis , Gymnadenia conopsea , Neottia ovata , Paris quadrifolia and Phalaris arundinacea A specialised form , Puccinia sessilis f.sp .
Phanerochersa amphignosta is a moth in the Copromorphidae family , and the only species in the genus Phanerochersa .
Tachina fera is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae .
Drakaea elastica , commonly known as glossy - leaved hammer orchid or praying virgin is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Pseudophoxinus egridiri , or the yag baligi , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Pyrgomantis ornatipes is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia .
Kirkia is a genus of plant in family Kirkiaceae .
Streptomyces canus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in the USA .
Megacephala cuprascens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997 , and can be found in Australia .
Acer browni is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves and samaras .
Silene parishii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Parish 's catchfly .
Pseudogastromyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches from fast - flowing streams and rivers in China and Vietnam .
Cyathea ferruginea is a species of tree fern endemic to the Philippines .
Handleyomys fuscatus , also known as the dusky - footed Handley 's mouse or dusky - footed montane mouse , is a species of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae .
Emblemaria nivipes , the Whiteback signal blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Costa Rica and Colombia , in the eastern central Pacific Ocean .
Scirpus flaccidifolius , the reclining bulrush , is an uncommon plant species endemic to a small region in Virginia and North Carolina .
Plectropygus mucoreus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Plectropygus .
Pilea napoana is a species of plant in the Urticaceae family .
Threskiornis is a genus of ibises , wading birds of the family Threskiornithidae .
Aristida divaricata is a species of grass known by the common name poverty threeawn .
Opsodoras is a genus of thorny catfishes native to the Amazon basin of South America .
Stegommata hesperias is a species of moths in the genus Stegommata .
Orostachys is a genus of Crassulaceae that contains 14 accepted species .
Spirobolellus praslinus is an extinct species of millipede in the family Spirobolidae .
Dendrocalamus giganteus , also known as dragon bamboo or one of several species called giant bamboo , is a giant tropical and subtropical , dense - clumping species native to Southeast Asia .
Octogomphus is a genus of club - tailed dragonflies found in North America , commonly called grappletail .
Prejanopterus is an extinct genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous ( lower Aptian age ) layers of the Leza Formation of La Rioja , Spain .
Solanum cajanumense ( also known as casana ) is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family .
Keckiella ternata is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name scarlet keckiella .
Tachina turanica is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Russia .
Raffray 's bandicoot ( Peroryctes raffrayana ) is a species of marsupial in the family Peroryctidae .
Helianthus argophyllus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name Silverleaf sunflower .
Echinoecus is a genus of crabs that live in association with sea urchins .
Platystictidae is a family of damselflies , commonly known as shadowdamsels .
†Nancibella quintalia was a species of air - breathing land snail or semislug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusksin the family Helicarionidae .
Tetrarpages lansbergei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tetrarpages .
Namurotypus is an extinct genus of griffenfly .
Polycladus is a genus of land planarians from South America , currently comprising a single species , Polycladus gayi .
Boerhavia diffusa is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family which is commonly known as punarnava ( meaning that which rejuvenates or renews the body in Ayurveda ) , red spiderling , spreading hogweed , or tarvine .
Astragalus pseudiodanthus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Tonopah milkvetch .
Mixobrycon ribeiroi is a species of characin endemic to Paraguay , where it is found in the Paraguay River basin .
Discus catskillensis , common name angular disc , is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae , the disk snails .
Penstemon roezlii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Roezl 's penstemon .
Turritella ligar , common name : the Ligar screw shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae .
Dircenna is a genus of clearwing ( ithomiine ) butterflies , named by Doubleday in 1847 .
Ribes divaricatum is a species of in the genus Ribes found in the forests , woodlands , and coastal scrub of western North America from British Columbia to California .
Wollea is a genus of filamentous , heterocystous cyanobacterium that forms macroscopic colonies in freshwater habitats .
Mastax annulata is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in India .
Calliostoma bairdii , common name the Baird 's top shell , is a species of sea snail with an operculum , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae , the calliostoma top snails .
Huperzia australiana is a species of small terrestrial plant , a firmoss or tassel fern , in the Lycopodiaceae ( clubmoss ) family .
Bruciana pediger is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Bruciana .
Streptanthus insignis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names plumed jewelflower and San Benito jewelflower .
Odonteuxina is a subgenus of air - breathing land snails with a clausilium , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails .
Herpetopoma pumilio , common name the diminutive top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae .
Udea fulvalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae found in Europe .
Lampranthus aurantiacus , the trailing ice plant , is a plant species in the genus Lampranthus native to South Africa and naturalized in gardens all around the world .
Metapolybia aztecoides is a species of vespid wasp .
Pristimantis adnus is a species of frog endemic to Panama ; it is only known from its type locality in Serranía del Sapo , Darién Province .
Kaloplocamus maru is a species of sea slug , a nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae .
Vitex keniensis ( also called Meru Oak ) is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family .
Drepanodontus tatyanae is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae .
Calofulcinia is a praying mantis genus in the tribe Fulcinini .
Meroles is a genus of lizards , commonly known as desert lizards , in the family Lacertidae .
Nebria molendai is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Rolwaling valley , Nepal .
Kutorgina is a genus of Cambrian brachiopod and is one of the earliest of the articulates , known as rhynchonelliforms .
Gairdner 's shrewmouse ( Mus pahari ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in China , India , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand , and Vietnam .
Diplomystes chilensis , the tollo or tollo de agua dulce , is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Chile where it is found in the area of Valparaiso and Santiago .
Ambigolimax is a genus of air - breathing land slugs in the family Limacidae , the keelback slugs .
Stenorrhipis rhizomatica is a species of liverwort in the Cephaloziellaceae family .
Polygonum glaucum , common names seabeach knotweed and seaside knotweed , is a North American species of plants in the buckwheat family .
Calomys cerqueirai is a species of rodent in the genus Calomys from southeastern Brazil .
Scartichthys is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic and Indian ocean .
Barbatula sawadai is a species of stone loach in the genus Barbatula .
Stenelmis canaliculata is a species of beetle from Elminae subfamily which can be found in France , Greece , Spain , Switzerland , Italy , and Sardinia .
Anchusa barrelieri , Barrelier 's bugloss or false alkanet , is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae plant family .
Faujasiopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , endemic to the Island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean .
Luzula divaricata is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common name forked woodrush .
Testudomyces is a fungal genus in the family Onygenaceae .
The Galatheoidea are a superfamily of decapod crustaceans comprising the porcelain crabs and some squat lobsters .
The eastern cherry fruit fly , Rhagoletis cingulata ( Loew ) , is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae .
Hexura rothi is a species of spider in the Mecicobothriidae family .
Conodonts ( Greek kōnos , `` cone '' , + odont , `` tooth '' ) are extinct chordates resembling eels , classified in the class Conodonta .
Hippolytia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family native to temperate Asia .
Mauicetus is a genus of extinct baleen whale from the Late Oligocene of New Zealand .
Hypselodoris kaname is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
Saraca thaipingensis is a tree species native to southeast Asia .
Lacertus , more commonly known as eared skinks , is a genus of skinks found in Somalia .
Salix monticola is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names mountain willow , cherry willow , serviceberry willow , and park willow .
Megadontomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae , found in Mexico .
Cycas arnhemica is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas , native to Australia , in the northwest of Northern Territory in Arnhem Land , after which it is named .
Stygobromus pecki is a rare species of crustacean known by the common name Peck 's cave amphipod .
The tribe Robinieae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae .
Cemophora coccinea is a nonvenomous species of colubrid snake commonly known as the scarlet snake .
Emilia 's short - tailed opossum ( Monodelphis emiliae ) is an opossum species from South America .
Amphicyclotulus guadeloupensis was a species of tropical land snail with a gill and an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae .
Phyllichthys is a genus of soles native to the Western Pacific and Eastern Indian oceans .
Poa napensis is a rare species of grass known by the common name Napa bluegrass .
Sicyonia ingentis is a species of prawn in the family Sicyoniidae known by the common name ridgeback prawn .
Cassiavellia is an extinct genus of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the subclass Pteriomorpha .
Lagerstroemia indica ( crape myrtle , crepe myrtle ) is a species in the genus Lagerstroemia in the family Lythraceae .
Species within the genus Monodilepas include :
Chrysochares asiaticus is a species of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family , Eumolpinae , in the Caucasus , southern Russia , and central Asia .
Scincella silvicola is a species of skink that lives in the highlands of Mexico from Puebla to Oaxaca .
Pontophaedusa is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails .
Leptotyphlops pyrites , or Thomas 's blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Veratrum insolitum is a species of false hellebore , a type of plant closely related to the lily .
Scalesia is a genus in the family Asteraceae endemic to the Galapagos Islands .
Acridocera ziczac is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Acridocera .
Akodon budini , also known as Budin 's akodont or Budin 's grass mouse , is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Sminthurus is a genus of springtails described by Latreille in 1802 .
Crotalocephalina is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida found in Morocco .
Omalisidae is a family of beetles , in the large suborder Polyphaga .
Phragmipedium besseae ( Pronunciation : fraig - mi - PEE - dee - um BESS - ee - ay ) is an orchid species of the genus Phragmipedium .
Chrysiptera caeruleolineata , commonly called the blueline demoiselle , is a species of damselfish from the Indian and western Pacific Oceans .
Prunus mume is an Asian tree species classified in the Armeniaca section of the genus Prunus subgenus Prunus .
Balantiocheilos ambusticauda ( the burnt - tailed barb or Siamese bala - shark ) is a possibly extinct freshwater fish species from the Cyprinidae family .
Eleutherodactylus darlingtoni is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Selle , Haiti ; it is expected to occur in the Dominican Republic .
Pterocaulon pycnostachyum , with the common names dense - spike blackroot , fox - tail blackroot or coastal blackroot , is a plant species native to Alabama , Mississippi , North Carolina , Florida , Georgia , and South Carolina .
Ptychobranchus occidentalis is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Lecanora is a genus of lichen commonly called rim lichens .
Lepidiolamprologus kendalli is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika preferring rocky areas .
Varicus is a genus of gobies native to the western Atlantic Ocean .
Veronica prostrata , the prostrate speedwell , is a species of flowering plant in the family Plantaginaceae , native to Europe .
Pterospondylus ( meaning `` winged vertebra '' ) is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the Late Triassic .
Shorea siamensis ( also called Dark Red Meranti , Light Red Meranti , or Red Lauan ) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
It contains the single species Phalacromyrmex fugax , first described from three workers collected in Ibicaré , Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Ceratobasidium cornigerum is a species of fungus in the order Cantharellales .
Megacephala brasiliensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Kirby in 1818 , and can be found in every country of South America except for Bolivia , Chile , Ecuador , Suriname , and Uruguay .
Due to the widespread distribution of the species , and doubts over its chances of undergoing a population decline caused by man - made pollution ( in lieu of its deep - water nature ) , the IUCN redlist currently lists Ariosoma selenops as Least Concern .
Cheiracanthium rupestre is a spider species found in Eastern Europe .
Sinopanax formosanus is a species of flowering plant of family Araliaceae and the only species of genus Sinopanax .
Mordellistena zululandiae is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus , which is in the Mordellidae family , in the Tenebrionoidea superfamily .
Proceroblesthis prolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Proceroblesthis .
Aporodoris was considered to be a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dorididae .
Tetracoccus dioicus is a species of flowering shrub native to the chaparral plant community of southern California and Baja California known by the common names red shrubby - spurge and Parry 's tetracoccus .
Saurolophinae is a subfamily of hadrosaurid dinosaurs .
Glugea is a genus of microsporidian parasites , predominantly infecting fish .
It is monotypic and the only species in the genus is Cynarina lacrymalis .
Lunania cubensis is a species of plant in the Flacourtiaceae family .
Species There is only one known species , Oaxacania malvaefolia , native to the State of Oaxaca in southern Mexico .
Platyla foliniana is a species of very small land snail in the family Aciculidae .
Macropus pearsoni is an extinct Australian vertebrate species belonging to the family Macropodidae , and the same genus Macropus as extant kangaroos .
Herklotsichthys is a genus of herrings in the family Clupeidae found mostly around Southeast Asia and Australia with one species each in the Persian Gulf , the Red Sea and the western Indian Ocean .
Kamettia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1834 .
Knipowitschia thessala , the Thessaly goby , is a species of goby endemic to the Pineios River system in Thessaly , Greece .
Semljicola barbiger is a spider species found in Sweden , Finland , Russia and Kazakhstan .
Flyriella stanfordii is a Mexican species of plants in the sunflower family .
Prunus angustifolia pronounced ( PROO - nus an - gus - tih - FOLE - ee - uh ) , known commonly as Chickasaw plum , Cherokee plum , Florida sand plum , sandhill plum , or sand plum , is North American species a plum - bearing tree .
Daira speciosa is a species of crab that lived in the Paratethys sea during the Miocene period .
Euglossa solangeae is a Euglossine bee species found in coastal southeastern Brazil .
The Microstromataceae are a family of fungi in the class Exobasidiomycetes .
Atopochilus macrocephalus is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Angola where it occurs in the Kwango River in the vicinity of Fort Don Carlos .
Salvelinus curilus is a species of char , a type of anadromous fish in the salmon family .
Oxychilus yartanicus is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae , the glass snails .
Acanthaster is a small genus of large and venomous starfish placed in its own family , Acanthasteridae .
Metanephrops boschmai , known as the Bight lobster , Bight scampi or Boschma 's scampi , is a species of lobster endemic to Western Australia .
Platygobio gracilis is a species of fish in the carp family , Cyprinidae .
Carybdeida is an order of box jellyfish .
Ascandra atlantica is a species of sponge in the genus Ascandra from Cape Verde .
Paradoxurus stenocephalus , or the golden dry - zone palm civet , is a viverrid species point endemic to Sri Lanka where it is known as ශ්‍රී ලංකා රන් කලවැද්දා in Sinhala .
Vexillum acupictum , common name : the Pinpricked Mitre , is a species of small sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae , the ribbed miters .
Boswellia dalzielii is a tree species in the genus Boswellia found in Africa .
Odocoileus is a genus of medium - sized deer ( family Cervidae ) containing two species native to the Americas .
Kalanchoe tetraphylla ( also known as paddle plant , flapjacks , desert cabbage , white lady , geelplakkie , meelplakkie , or plakkie ) is a species of Kalanchoe native to South Africa .
Rhizophora is a genus of tropical mangrove trees , sometimes collectively called true mangroves .
Sophora wightii is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to India .
Quercus chihuahuensis or Chihuahua oak is a species of oak in the beech family .
The crevice spiny lizard ( Sceloporus poinsettii ) is a species of small , phrynosomatid lizard .
Halichondrida is an order of marine demosponges .
Cardiapoda placenta , common name the flat cardiapod , is a species of sea snail , a rare pelagic gastropod mollusc in the family Carinariidae .
Alyxia fosbergii is a plant species known only from Henderson Island , one of the Pitcairn Group of Islands in the Pacific Ocean .
Tonella tenella is one of two herbaceous plant species in genus Tonella , which has been recently reclassified as a member of Plantaginaceae .
Aletris aurea , Golden Unicorn Root is a plant species native to the southeastern United States from eastern Texas and southeastern Oklahoma to Maryland .
Rhododendron ovatum is an elepidote rhododendron species native to China and Taiwan .
Uberabatitan ( meaning `` Uberaba titan '' , in reference to where it was found ) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil .
Diuris filifolia , commonly known as the Cat 's Face Orchid , is a species of orchid .
Inachus phalangium , Leach 's spider crab , is a species of crab from the north - eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
Xenosauridae is a family of anguimorph lizards whose only living representative is the genus Xenosaurus , which is native to Central America .
Elymus hoffmannii ( also , E. hoffmanni ) is a species of grass known by the common name RS wheatgrass .
Scutellina is a genus of small limpet - like sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Phenacolepadidae .
Bythopsyrna circulata is a species of planthoppers belonging to the family Flatidae .
Peckoltia greedoi is a species of armored catfish from the Gurupí River drainage of Brazil .
Megacephala parinsignis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1981 .
Dalbergia bariensis ( Burmese Rosewood ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
The genus contains a single described species , Phasmagyps patritus which is possibly the oldest New World vulture known , though its placement in the Cathartidae family has been questioned .
Fissurella alabastrites Reeve is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Ancistrus claro is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Cuiabá River basin .
Pistius is a genus of crab spiders with nine described species .
Only one species has been described , Watongia meieri , from the Chickasha Formation .
Rumex kerneri is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Kerner 's dock .
Parischnogaster striatula is a species of social hover wasps found in Southeast Asia .
Zabrus potanini is a species of ground beetle in the Himalayozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Gansu , China .
Calystegia malacophylla is a species of morning glory known by the common name Sierra false bindweed .
Tupistra is a genus of about 20 species of flowering plants found in south Asia , from southern China to Sumatra and Ambon Island .
Quercus michauxii , the swamp chestnut oak , is a species of oak in the white oak section Quercus section Quercus in the beech family .
Nebria pulchrior is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan province of China .
Tauschia parishii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Parish 's umbrellawort .
Eriogonum exilifolium is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name dropleaf buckwheat .
Ischnolepis is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1909 .
Pompilus cinereus , the Leaden Spider Wasp is the most widespread species of the Pompilus spider wasps and throughout a large proportion of its wide distribution is the only species of Pompilus .
Rubus argutus is a North American species of prickly bramble in the rose family .
Vermilacinia reptilioderma is classified in the subgenus Vermilacinia in which it is distinguished from related species by features of the cortex and secondary metabolites ( lichen substances ) .
Xanthophyllum korthalsianum is a rare species , growing naturally in Sumatra and Borneo .
Abrotanella is a genus in the family Asteraceae , of 20 species , native to Australia , New Zealand and southern South America .
Eburia blancaneaui is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Belize , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Mexico .
Spathoglottis plicata is a species of terrestrial orchid found from tropical and subtropical Asia to the western Pacific including Hawaiʻi , Tonga and Samoa .
Doodia aspera was one of the many species first described by the botanist Robert Brown in his 1810 work Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen , and it still bears its original name .
Polystichum kruckebergii is a species of fern known by the common names Kruckeberg 's sword fern and Kruckeberg 's hollyfern .
The Aeglidae are a family of freshwater crustaceans currently restricted to South America .
Myoxanthus punctatus is a species of orchid occurring from Mexico to Guyana .
Xylosybra fasciculosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Xylosybra .
Oxyopes is a genus of lynx spiders found worldwide .
Pelargonium album is a species of flowering plant of the genus Pelargonium .
Saintpaulia teitensis is a species of Saintpaulia endemic to 1 square kilometer on Mbololo Hill in the Taita Hills of southern Kenya .
Advena campbelli was a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae .
Pareutropius debauwi is a species of fish in the Schilbeidae , the schilbid catfishes .
Asperula virgata , the rod - shaped woodruff , is a species in the family Rubiaceae .
Platycheirus ambiguus is a small widespread species of hoverfly found across Eurasia from Ireland to Japan .
The Hawaiian flagtails are species of the genus of flagtail fishes found in the Hawaiian Islands .
Purpurellus gambiensis , common name : the Gambia Murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Leptolinea tardivitalis is a mesophilic , non - spore - forming , non - motile , Gram - negative , filamentous bacteria with type strain YMTK-2 T ( = JCM 12579 T = DSM 16556 T ) , the type species of its genus .
Encephalartos kisambo is a species of cycad in the family Zamiaceae .
Panulirus guttatus , the spotted spiny lobster or Guinea chick lobster , is a species of spiny lobster that lives on shallow rocky reefs in the tropical West Atlantic and Caribbean Sea .
The Caprimulgiformes is an order of birds that includes a number of birds with global distribution ( except Antarctica ) .
Garcinia hanburyi is a plant species in the genus Garcinia the gamboge trees .
Christensonella is a genus of orchids native to Mexico , South America and Central America .
Plantago cretica is a species of Plantago , family Plantaginaceae .
Neoxenicotela mausoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neoxenicotela .
Juxtastenopus spinulatus is a species of stenopodidean shrimp .
Phyllomedusa ecuatoriana is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to Ecuador .
Tarsoctenus corytus is a Neotropical species of butterfly in the family Hesperiidae ( Pyrginae ) .
Microphysula cookei , common name the Vancouver snail , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Thysanophoridae .
Paurodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation of the western US .
Glycymeris pectinata , or the comb bittersweet , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae .
Antricola marginatus is a species of tick in the family Argasidae .
Swainsona is a large genus of flowering plants native to Australasia .
Hedyosmum mexicanum is a species of plant in the Chloranthaceae family .
Penicillium menonorum is a monoverticillate , non - vesiculate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from rhizosphere soil in Korea .
Phacelia imbricata is a species of phacelia known by the common name imbricate phacelia .
Moehringia lateriflora ( bluntleaf sandwort ) is a plant species native to Europe , Asia , the northern United States and most of Canada .
Eurycephalella is an extinct genus of frog which existed in what is now Brazil during the lower Cretaceous period .
Loricariichthys is a genus of catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Loricariidae .
Sternarchogiton nattereri is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae .
Muttaburrasaurus was a genus of herbivorous ornithopod dinosaur , which lived in what is now northeastern Australia sometime between 112 and 99.6 million years ago during the early Cretaceous Period .
Physarum aeneum is a slime mould species from the order Physarida .
The Cryptobranchoidea are a suborder of salamanders found in the eastern United States , China , Taiwan , and Japan .
Clione antarctica is a species of `` sea angel '' , a sea slug , a pelagic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clionidae , the `` sea angels '' .
Cryptostylis , commonly known as the tongue orchid , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Nicomioides larvatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Nicomioides .
Lobelia gattingeri is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family commonly called Gattinger 's lobelia .
Anabaena circinalis is a species of Gram - negative , photosynthetic cyanobacteria common to freshwater environments throughout the world .
Lecanoromycetes is the largest class of lichenized fungi .
Lasaeola tristis is a tangle web spider species found from Europe to Central Asia .
Malacothamnus palmeri is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names Palmer 's bushmallow and Santa Lucia bushmallow .
It is the sole species of Heteromeles , but is closely related to the Asian genus Photinia .
Dermatias platynogaster is a species of dreamer ( type of deep - sea anglerfish ) found in the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of 549 to 1,342 metres ( 1,801 to 4,403 ft ) in the waters around the Philippines and in the area of the Magellan Seamounts .
Hylotelephium spectabile ( formerly called Sedum spectabile ) is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family Crassulaceae , native to China and Korea .
Sponges are animals of the phylum Porifera ( /pɒˈrɪfərə/ ; meaning `` pore bearer '' ) .
Aneilema is a genus of monocotyledonous plants of approximately 60 species .
Rhinotia haemoptera , the red weevil , is a beetle species in the genus Rhinotia found in Australia .
The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( MERS - CoV ) , or EMC/2012 ( HCoV - EMC/2012 ) , is a novel positive - sense , single - stranded RNA virus of the genus Betacoronavirus .
Bazzania trilobata , the greater whipwort or threelobed bazzania , is a species of liverwort in the Lepidoziaceae family .
Diplotaxis erucoides , the white rocket or white wallrocket , is a species of annual herb of the family Brassicaceae native to West Mediterranean .
Atalaya capensis ( also called Cape Wing - nut ) is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family .
The only species , Eleiodoxa conferta , is a dioecious , swamp - dwelling plant , commonly called kelubi or asam paya .
Pholiotina cyanopus is a species of fungus currently assigned to the genus Pholiotina that contains the psychoactive compound psilocybin .
Amara aeneopolita is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family that is native to Asia .
Turfanosuchus is a genus of archosauriform reptile which lived during the Middle Triassic of northwestern China .
Clemmys is a genus of turtle , consisting of one North American species , the spotted turtle ( C. guttata ) .
Synchiropus lateralis is a species of dragonet native to the South China Sea .
Traubia is a genus of Chilean plants in the Amaryllis fammily .
Agave shawii , with the common names coastal agave or Shaw 's agave is a species in the genus Agave .
Roestes is a genus of dogtooth characins from tropical South America , where found in the Amazon Basin and various rivers in the Guianas .
Stefania oculosa ( common name in Spanish : rana stefania de ojos grandes ) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae .
Liatris ohlingerae is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Florida blazing star , Florida gayfeather , scrub blazing star , and sandtorch .
Herina nigrina is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in most of Western Europe .
The genus Basella is the type genus of the plant family Basellaceae .
Brachypleura novaezeelandiae , the yellow - dabbled flounder or yellow citharid , is a species of citharid flounder native to the western and central Indo - Pacific .
Hippocampus sarmaticus is an extinct species of seahorse , found in 2005 in the coprolitic horizon of the Tunjice hills Lagerstätte in Slovenia , along with the related Hippocampus slovenicus .
Cathetopteron amoena is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cathetopteron .
Lagophylla glandulosa is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name glandular hareleaf .
Sphagesauridae is a Gondwanan family of mesoeucrocodylians that lived during the Late Cretaceous .
Cyrtotrachelus elegans is a beetle species belonging to the genus Cyrtotrachelus .
Wimania is an extinct genus of coelacanth that lived during the Triassic period of Svalbard .
Homalopoma luridum , common name Dall 's dwarf turban , is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae .
Passiflora includes 47 species , one of which is Passiflora mixta which can be found in Southern America .
Parahupehsuchus is an extinct genus of hupehsuchian marine reptile from the Early Triassic of China .
Dendromecon harfordii , known by the common names Channel Islands tree poppy and Harford 's tree poppy , is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family .
Allium alibile is a plant species native to Ethiopia , Sudan and Saudi Arabia .
Streptomyces abikoensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces the antibiotic abikoviromycin .
Neslia paniculata ( commonly called ball mustard ) is a plant species in the mustard family ( Brassicaceae ) .
Plectrurus canaricus , commonly known as the Karnataka shieldtail , is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India .
The American red squirrel ( Tamiasciurus hudsonicus ) is one of three species of tree squirrel currently classified in the genus Tamiasciurus , known as the pine squirrels ( the others are the Douglas squirrel , T. douglasii and Mearns 's squirrel , T. mearnsi ) .
Cliona celata , occasionally called the Red Boring Sponge , is a species of demosponge belonging the family Clionaidae .
In New Zealand it is commonly known as the orange - fronted parakeet , a name it shares with a species from Central America , while in the rest of the world it 's known as Malherbe 's parakeet .
It is the only species of the Bradypodicola genus .
Fagonia laevis ( California fagonbush ) is a species of plant in the Zygophyllaceae , the caltrop family , specifically the fagonbushes .
Poyntonophrynus parkeri ( common name : Parker 's toad , Mangasini toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Artediellina antilope is a species of sculpin native to the Sea of Okhotsk where it occurs at depths of from 300 to 615 metres ( 984 to 2,018 ft ) .
Volvox globator is a species of green algae of the genus Volvox .
Costemilophus aurantius is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Costemilophus .
Lamprologus kungweensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known from the northwestern part of the lake in Kungwe Bay , Kigoma , Tanzania where it can be found living in shells .
Pelegrina galathea , commonly known as the peppered jumper , is a species of jumping spider .
Mycena aetites , commonly known as the drab bonnet , is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family .
Pleuroploca trapezium , common name : the trapezium horse conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , the tulip snails and their allies .
Zeltnera venusta is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names California centaury , charming centaury and canchalagua .
Miss Waldron 's red colobus ( Piliocolobus badius waldronae ) is a subspecies of the western red colobus native to West Africa .
Onychodontidae is an extinct family of sarcopterygian fishes which lived in the Early Devonian period .
Allium tschimganicum is a Central Asian species of onion native to Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan .
Laquintasaura is a genus of Venezuelan dinosaur containing only the single species Laquintasaura venezuelae .
Iochroma is a genus of about 34 species of shrubs and small trees found in the forests of South America .
Pulmonaria ( lungwort ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae , native to Europe and western Asia , with one species ( P. mollissima ) east to central Asia .
Petrolisthes elongatus , known as the New Zealand half crab , elongated porcelain crab or half crab , is a species of porcelain crab native to New Zealand .
Calumma malthe is a species of chameleon found in Madagascar .
Allium staticiforme is a species of onion native to Greece and western Turkey , including the islands of the Aegean Sea .
Pterocerina paradoxa is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae .
The Brisingidae are a family of deep - sea - dwelling sea stars containing these genera and species :
The Spotted Lady 's Slipper ( Cypripedium guttatum ) is a species of orchid .
Caulophryne is a genus of fanfins .
Thaumasus gigas is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Thaumasus .
Chiococca alba is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family , Rubiaceae , that is native to Florida and extreme southern tip of Texas in the United States , Bermuda , Mexico , Central America , the Caribbean , the Galápagos , and tropical South America .
Neomyrtus is a genus of plants in the family Myrtaceae described in 1941 .
Epermeniidae or `` fringe - tufted moths '' is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order with about 14 genera .
Liolaemus tenuis , known as the jewel lizard , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Eupomatia barbata , also named Small Bolwarra , is a species of small shrubs , of the Australian continent ancient plant family Eupomatiaceae .
Hazelia is a genus of spicular Cambrian demosponge known from the Burgess Shale , the Marjum formation of Utah , and possibly Chengjiang .
Prosopis abbreviata , commonly known as the Algarrobillo Espinoso , is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Argentina .
The Stipeae are a tribe of grasses within the subfamily Pooidae , with up to 600 described species .
Dinartamus is a genus of titanosuchian therapsid .
Dryococelus australis , commonly known as the Lord Howe Island stick insect or tree lobster , is a species of stick insect which lives on the Lord Howe Island Group .
Somanniathelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs found in southeast China , Taiwan , and southeast Asia .
The Giant snakehead , Channa ara , is a species of snakehead .
Shorea laevis is a botanical species belonging to the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Nemacladus gracilis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names slender threadplant or slender nemacladus .
Oreophryne ( Cross Frogs ) is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Southern Philippine , Celebes and the Lesser Sunda Islands , and New Guinea .
Liosynaphaeta balloui is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Liosynaphaeta .
Corythucha aesculi is a species of lace bug Tingidae native to North America .
Lutraria is a genus of medium - sized marine bivalve mollusks or clams , commonly known as otter shells .
Apodemus avicennicus is a species of rodent found in Iran .
Psammodesmus is a genus of platyrhacid millipedes found from Panama to Peru .
Gomphosus caeruleus , the green birdmouth wrasse , is a species of wrasse belonging to the family Labridae .
Phyllostegia hirsuta is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Molokai phyllostegia and hairy phyllostegia .
Zelleria maculata is an ermine moth species that is endemic to New Zealand .
Dryopteris hirtipes is fern species native to South China and Papua New Guinea .
Oligactis is a genus of South American flowering plants in the dandelion subfamily within the sunflower family .
Centaurea pumilio is a rare sand - loving species of the eastern Mediterranean .
Streptopelia is a genus of birds in the dove family .
Apagesoma is a genus of cusk - eel found in deep oceanic waters .
Clinteria is a genus of scarab beetle found in Asia .
Pareiodon microps is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Trichomycteridae , and the only species of the genus Pareiodon .
Dipterocarpus coriaceus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Kalimantan , Sumatra and peninsular Malaysia .
Stenopterus rufus is a beetle species of round - necked longhorns belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Cerambycinae .
Cunampaia is a dubious genus of extinct mesoeucrocodylian .
The Microthyriales are an order of sac fungi .
Hibbertia serpyllifolia is a species of small perennial shrub , in the family Dilleniaceae , that is endemic to Australia .
Bootherium is an extinct bovid genus from the middle to late Pleistocene of North America which contains a single species , Bootherium bombifrons .
Ahnfeltia plicata , the landlady 's wig , is a species of red alga in the family Ahnfeltiaceae .
Colchicum corsicum is a species of flowering plant , closely related to Colchicum autumnale .
Pholidobolus is a genus of lizards in the Gymnophthalmidae family .
Stephanosaurus is a dubious genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur , with a complicated taxonomic history .
Deuterodon is a genus of characins from South America , with these described species :
Petrochromis fasciolatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer rocky substrates where they can graze .
Euphorbia micromera is a species of euphorb known by the common name Sonoran sandmat .
Hymaea succinifera is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae , the only species in the genus Hymaea .
Protammodytes is a genus of sand lances found in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans .
Carabus sylvestris transsylvanicus is a subspecies of green - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Hungary , Liechtenstein , Poland , Romania , and Slovakia .
Monstropalpus helleri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Monstropalpus .
Vitis blancoi is a species of liana in the grape family which bears black berries , and is native to western Mexico .
Navarretia intertexta is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name needleleaf pincushionplant .
Chersogenes victimella is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Chersogenes genus .
Pyrgospira plicosa , common name the plicate turrid shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae .
Malaxis ehrenbergii , the Ehrenberg 's adder's - mouth orchid , is a Mesoamerican species of orchid native to northwestern Mexico .
Hongshanopterus is a genus of istiodactylid ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Liaoning , China .
Heptagenioidea is a superfamily of mayflies .
Ponticola kessleri , the bighead goby or Kessler 's goby , is a species of goby native to Eurasia .
Omosomopsis is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Late Cretaceous .
Papaver argemone is a species of the genus Papaver .
Cnaphalocrocis poeyalis , the lesser rice - leafroller , is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
Prionoxystus is a genus of moths in the Cossidae family .
Phelsuma breviceps is a diurnal species of gecko that is native to south - east Madagascar and typically dwells on trees and bushes .
Thalictrum heliophilum is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Cathedral Bluff meadow - rue and sun - loving meadow - rue .
Hypsizygus is a small genus of fungi that are widely distributed in north temperate regions .
Plesiotylosaurus is a genus of mosasaur from the Maastrichtian stage of the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Meghimatium fruhstorferi is a species of medium to large air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Philomycidae and the superfamily Arionacea , the roundback slugs .
Hernandia lychnifera is a species of plant in the Hernandiaceae family .
Mesopsocus helveticus is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Austria , Hungary , and Switzerland .
Navajosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatorine crocodylian .
Limnonectes fujianensis ( Fujian large - headed frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
The bee genus Anthophora is one of the largest in the family Apidae , with over 450 species worldwide in 14 different subgenera .
Mesosaurus ( meaning `` middle lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of reptile from the Early Permian of southern Africa and South America .
Egregia menziesii is a species of kelp known commonly as feather boa kelp .
Stomatoporina is a genus of stenolaematan bryozoans .
Abronia smithi is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae known by the common name Smith 's arboreal alligator lizard .
Eriogonum cedrorum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name The Cedars buckwheat .
Bdeogale is a genus of three species of mongoose native to the rainforests of central and western Africa .
Rhododendron atlanticum ( Greek Ροδόδενδρο ) ( dwarf azalea or coastal azalea ) , is a species of Rhododendron native to coastal areas of the eastern United States , from New Jersey south to Georgia .
The Small - bearded Dendrobium ( Dendrobium barbatulum ) is a species of orchid endemic to southern India .
The Brazilian tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys brasiliensis ) is a tuco - tuco species from South America .
Oxynoemacheilus insignis is a species of stone loach endemic to Syria .
The Louisiade imperial pigeon ( Ducula salvadori ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae found in Milne Bay Province in Papua New Guinea .
Gymnocalycium mihanovichii , often called chin cactus , is a species of cactus from South America commonly grown as a houseplant .
Chalaropsis is a monotypic genus of fungi within the Ceratocystidaceae family containing the sole species Chalaropsis populi .
Bulbophyllum caldericola G.F.Walsh is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum it is now known by the names Bulbophyllum lamingtonense D.L.Jones or Oxysepala lamingtonensis ( D.L.Jones ) D.L.Jones & M.A.Clem .
Dryocosmus kuriphilus is a species of gall wasp known by the common names chestnut gall wasp , Oriental chestnut gall wasp , and Asian chestnut gall wasp .
Poa cusickii is a species of grass known by the common name Cusick 's bluegrass .
Pristipomoides filamentosus , commonly known as the crimson jobfish , crimson snapper or Hawaiian pink snapper , is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and into the Pacific Ocean as far east as Hawaii and Tahiti .
Pseudochlorisanis similis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudochlorisanis .
The Philippine magpie - robin ( Copsychus mindanensis ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Cyathea albomarginata is a species of tree fern native to Panamá and Costa Rica .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Wenyingia sichuanensis , found in 1997 in the western Sichuan Province in China .
Haplomacrourus nudirostris , the Naked snout rattail is a benthic species of rattail found in the southern oceans where it occurs on the continental slopes at depths of from 690 to 1,590 metres ( 2,260 to 5,220 ft ) This species grows to a length of 57.5 centimetres ( 22.6 in ) TL .
Flindersia brayleyana or Queensland maple is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family .
†Neoplanorbis smithi was a species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ramshorn snails .
Cacomantis is a genus of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Cornulaca monacantha is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cornulaca , that is now included in the family Amaranthaceae , ( formerly Chenopodiaceae ) .
Calvatia craniiformis , commonly known as the brain puffball or the skull - shaped puffball , is a species of puffball fungus in the family Agaricaceae .
Chalaroderma capito , the looseskin blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the south Atlantic ocean where it is found from Saldanha Bay to East London in South Africa .
The females of Baer 's pochard and the ferruginous duck are quite similar , but that holds true for the females of almost all Aythya species .
Sphaeromeria potentilloides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names cinquefoil false sagebrush and fivefinger chickensage .
The Tucuman robber frog , Oreobates discoidalis , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Solanum chacoense is a species of wild potato .
Ammannia gracilis is a species of flowering plant in the family Lythraceae .
Lindera obtusiloba is a species of flowering plant in the Lauraceae family , native to China , Korea and Japan .
Polyergus , also called Amazon ants , is a small genus of 14 described species of `` slave - raiding '' ants .
Lirularia redimita is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Banksia grossa , commonly known as the coarse banksia , is a species of shrub in the plant family Proteaceae endemic to Southwest Australia .
Isospora is a genus of internal parasites classified under Coccidia .
Entolasia stricta , commonly known as wiry panic , is a species of right angled grass in the Poaceae family .
Anelosimus luckyi is a species of spider found in Papua New Guinea .
Polyzosteria cuprea is a species of bush cockroach found in south western Australia .
Pseudoschoenionta libellula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudoschoenionta .
Tachina acuminata is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Mexico and the United States .
Mimocacia ferruginea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimocacia .
Rhododendron myrtifolium ( also Rhododendron kotschyi ) is a species of Rhododendron .
Pterocarpus is a pantropical genus of trees in the family Fabaceae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Carestiella socia .
Boulengerula uluguruensis or the Uluguru pink caecilian ( or Uluguru African caecilian ) is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family .
Philornis downsi is a species of fly ( Diptera , Muscidae ) that was first recorded in Trinidad and Brazil in the 1990s .
Cirsium undulatum is a species of thistle known by the common names wavyleaf thistle and gray thistle .
Polygonum douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Douglas 's knotweed .
The Ranita Selvatica Comun ( Pristimantis vilarsi ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Cirsium pumilum , called pasture thistle , is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family .
Viola beckwithii , known commonly as the Great Basin violet , Beckwith 's violet , and sagebrush pansy , is a species of violet native to the western United States .
The Psechridae are a family of spiders with about 50 species in two extant genera , recently revised by Bayer ( 2011 , 2012 ) .
Dipterocarpus bourdilloni is a species of large tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to the Western Ghats principally in the state of Kerala in India .
Silphidae is a family of beetles that are known commonly as large carrion beetles , carrion beetles or burying beetles .
Eriophyllum ambiguum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name beautiful woolly sunflower .
Afroneta bamilekei is a species of sheet weaver found in Cameroon .
Ceanothus impressus , with the common name Santa Barbara ceanothus is a species of flowering shrub .
The Don tadpole - goby ( Benthophilus durrelli ) is a species of goby widespread in the basin of the Sea of Azov , specifically in the lower Don River and Tsimlyansk Reservoir .
Archeriidae is a family of embolomeres that lived in the Permian period .
Gongylonema is a genus of thread - like nematode that was described by Molin in 1857 .
The Ecuadorian grass mouse ( Neomicroxus latebricola ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Scinax x - signatus ( common name : Venezuela snouted treefrog or Venezuelan snouted treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Jarvikia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period .
Porcellio rufobrunneus is a species of woodlouse from the Porcellionidae family .
Triphysaria micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name purplebeak owl's - clover .
Neraudia angulata is a rare species of flowering plant in the nettle family known by the common name angularfruit ma'oloa .
Graptopetalum paraguayense is a species of succulent plant in the jade plant family , Crassulaceae , that is native to Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Pseudarctia nivea is a species of tussock moth in the Erebidae family .
Epirus minnow or tsima ( pelasgus epiroticus ) , is a species of freshwater minnow in the Cyprinidae family .
Zodarion pacificum is a spider species found in Croatia and Bosnia .
Eleutherodactylus nivicolimae ( Spanish : Rana - chirriadora Del Nevado De Colima ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Scaphella neptunia , commonly known as the Neptune volute is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Pseudotaranis is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae , the turrids .
Carpathica calophana is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae .
Anchoa lyolepis , the shortfinger anchovy , is a species of anchovy native to the western Atlantic Ocean from New York to Brazil .
Myriophyllum variifolium is a species of water milfoil native to eastern Australia where it grows in aquatic habitat such as ponds and streams .
Anatemnus seychellesensis is a species of pseudoscorpion that is endemic to the Seychelles , and is known from a single specimen from Silhouette Island .
Campylobacter lanienae is a species of Campylobacter found in humans and other animals .
Haptoclinus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the western central Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea .
Galium andrewsii is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names phloxleaf bedstraw , Andrews ' bedstraw , and Needlemat galium .
Kentrocapros is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to coastal waters of the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Saicella is a genus of assassin bugs endemic to Hawaii .
Salix caprea ( goat willow , also known as the pussy willow or great sallow ) is a common species of willow native to Europe and western and central Asia .
Quercus turbinella is a North American species of oak known by the common names Sonoran scrub oak , shrub live oak , and grey oak .
Hackelia cronquistii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Cronquist 's stickseed .
Tamolanica tamolana , common name New Guinea shield mantis , is a species of praying mantis native to New Guinea .
Phryganistria tamdaoensis is a species of stick insect belonging to the family of giant sticks .
Triplophysa alexandrae is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa endemic to Sichuan , China .
Lerheimia is a genus of chironomid midges containing four described species found in Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Zabrus punctifrons is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Turkey .
†Partula crassilabris was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Chrysopelea , more commonly known as the flying snake or gliding snake , is a genus that belongs to the family Colubridae .
Ferdinand Frantz ( born February 8 , 1906 , Kassel - May 26 , 1959 , Munich ) , was a German operatic bass - baritone .
Carmen Giannattasio ( born 24 April 1975 Avellino ) is an Italian operatic soprano .
Betsy Norden ( born October 17 , 1945 ) is an American soprano who appeared with the Metropolitan Opera over 500 times .
Steven Dorian ( born November 15 , 1977 ) is an American singer best known as a tenor in the a cappella group Rockapella since January 2010 .
Olga Peretyatko ( Russian : Ольга Перетятько ; born 21 May 1980 in Leningrad , now Saint Petersburg ) is a Russian operatic soprano .
August Kindermann ( 6 February 1817 , Potsdam -- 6 March 1891 , Munich ) was a German bass - baritone singer and regisseur , particularly noted for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner .
Elizabeth Masson ( 1806 -- 9 January 1865 ) was an English mezzo - soprano singer and composer .
Mary Dunleavy ( born 1966 ) is an American soprano who has performed with major opera companies and orchestras around the world .
Gordon Wry ( 1910 - 1985 ) was a Canadian tenor and conductor .
Maria Fontosh ( born 5 June 1976 ) is a Ukrainian born Russian soprano residing in Sweden .
( Maria ) Josepha Weber ( later Josepha Hofer , Josepha Meier ; 1758 -- December 29 , 1819 ) was a German soprano of the classical era .
Anna Bonitatibus ( born in Potenza ) is an Italian mezzo - soprano .
Mary Rawcliffe is an American soprano .
Cecilia Gasdia ( tʃeˈtʃiːlja ɡaˈzdiːa ) ( born August 14 , 1960 , Verona ) is an Italian operatic soprano .
Francesco Demuro ( born 6 January 1978 ) , is an Italian operatic tenor .
Andreas Scholl ( born 10 November 1967 ) is a German countertenor , a male classical singer in the alto vocal range , specialising in Baroque music .
Gerhard Unger ( November 26 , 1916 -- July 4 , 2011 ) was a German lyric tenor .
Felice Varesi ( born Calais , 1813 -- died Milan , 13 March 1889 ) was a French - born Italian baritone with an illustrious singing career that began in the 1830s and extended into the 1860s .
Tiffany Claus ( born July 14 , 1980 ) is an American actress , model , classically trained mezzo - soprano vocalist , and professional oil painter .
Elise Stevenson ( February 9 , 1878 -- November 18 , 1967 ) was a British - born American soprano singer who recorded commercially successful popular songs in the early years of the 20th century .
Gregory Reinhart ( born 18 June 1951 in Pavilion , New York ) is an American bass opera singer .
Jean Elleviou ( 14 June 1769 , Rennes - 5 May 1842 , Paris ) was a French operatic tenor , one of the most celebrated French singers of his time .
Marie - Nicole Lemieux ( born June 26 , 1975 ) is a Canadian coloratura contralto .
Josepha Duschek ( 1754 - -1824 ) was an outstanding soprano singer of the Classical era .
Franz Vitzthum is a German countertenor , a male classical singer in the alto vocal range , specialising in Baroque music .
Adalbert Kraus ( born 27 April 1937 in Aschaffenburg ) is a German tenor in opera and concert , known for singing the works of Johann Sebastian Bach .
Gabriele Schreckenbach ( born in Berlin ) is a German contralto singer in opera and concert and an academic voice teacher .
Margaret Nisbett , MBE , ( born 9 January 1929 ) is an Australian coloratura soprano .
Arnold Matters ( 11 April 1904 -- 21 September 1990 ) was an Australian operatic baritone whose career was made mostly in England during the 1930s and 1940s .
Beatriz Michelena ( February 22 , 1890 -- October 10 , 1942 ) was an American actress during the silent film era , known at the time for her operatic soprano voice and appearances in musical theatre .
Friedrich Plaschke ( 7 January 1875 -- 4 February 1952 ) was a Czech operatic bass - baritone .
Oksana Dyka ( Ukrainian : Оксана Дика , ( ɔkˈsana ˈdɪka ) , also spelled Oksana Dika , born 1978 in Zhytomyr ) is a Ukrainian operatic soprano .
Giuseppe Sabbatini ( born May 11 , 1957 , Rome , Italy ) is a lyric tenor .
Carlo Meliciani ( born 1929 ) is an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international career from the mid-1950s through the late 1970s .
Teresa Brambilla ( 23 October 1813 -- 15 July 1895 ) was a celebrated Italian soprano most remembered today for having created the role of Gilda in Verdi 's opera , Rigoletto .
Alice Cucini ( 1870 - -1949 ) was an Italian contralto who had a prolific opera career in Europe and South America between 1891 and 1915 .
Natalia Troitskaya ( 1951 -- 9 April 2006 ) was a Russian operatic soprano who had a major international career during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Marie Le Rochois ( c. 1658 -- 8 October 1728 ) was a French operatic soprano who belonged to the Académie Royale de Musique .
Pretty Yende , OIS ( born 6 March 1985 ) is a South African soprano opera singer .
Christian Gerhaher ( born 1969 in Straubing ) is a noted German baritone and bass singer in opera and concert , particularly celebrated as a Lied singer .
Dianne van Giersbergen ( born 3 June 1985 in Liempde ) is a Dutch dramatic soprano singer , songwriter , and vocal coach who is well - known for being the frontwoman and founder of the progressive metal band Ex Libris and German symphonic metal band Xandria .
Friederike Sailer ( 20 February 1920 -- ? June 1994 ) was a German soprano in opera and concert .
Maria Ivogün ( 18 November 1891 , Budapest - 3 October 1987 , Beatenberg , Switzerland ) was a distinguished soprano singer of Hungarian origin .
Daniel Sans ( born 1975 ) is a German tenor .
Luana DeVol ( born 1943 in San Mateo , California ) is an American operatic soprano who made her Metropolitan Opera debut as Ortrud in April 2007 in Wagner 's Lohengrin .
Hervé Niquet ( born on October 28 , 1957 ) is a French conductor , harpsichordist , tenor , and the director of Le Concert Spirituel , specializing in French Baroque music .
Elisabeth Schumann ( 13 June 1888 -- 23 April 1952 ) was a German soprano who sang in opera , operetta , oratorio , and lieder .
Eugène Dufriche ( born 1848 , date of death unknown ) was a French baritone , who had a career on the operatic stage from the 1870s in Paris through to the 1900s in New York .
Frederick Bovill was an operatic baritone of the late Victorian era best known for his work in the Savoy Operas of Gilbert and Sullivan .
Anna Fitziu ( April 1 , 1887 -- April 20 , 1967 ) was an American soprano who had a prolific international opera career during the early part of the 20th century .
Birgit Nordin ( born 22 February 1934 in Sangis , Sweden ) is a Swedish opera soprano .
Mario Petri ( 21 January 1922 , Perugia - 26 January 1985 , Città della Pieve ) was an Italian operatic bass particularly associated with Mozart and Rossini roles .
Antonio Montagnana ( fl . 1730 - -50 , born in Venice ) was an Italian bass of the 18th - century who is best remembered for his association with the composer George Frideric Handel , whose operas Montagnana sang in .
Elaine Malbin ( born May 24 , 1932 , New York City ) is an American soprano who had a prolific international career singing in operas , musicals , and concerts from 1949 through 1967 .
Lili Chookasian ( August 1 , 1921 -- April 9 , 2012 ) was an American contralto who appeared with many of the world 's major symphony orchestras and opera houses .
Mignon Dunn ( born June 17 , 1928 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is a leading American dramatic mezzo - soprano and voice teacher .
Jean de Reszke ( 14 January 1850 -- 3 April 1925 ) , was a Polish tenor who was a major male opera star of the late 19th century .
Mindaugas Rojus ( born January 24 , 1981 in Darbėnai , Kretinga district , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian opera singer ( tenor / baritone ) , a soloist of Klaipėda State Music Theatre , and a member of a stage duo Žemaitijos perlai ( Samogitia 's Pearls ) .
John Langstaff ( December 24 , 1920 -- December 13 , 2005 ) , a concert baritone , and early music revivalist was the founder of the Northeast United States tradition of the Christmas Revels , as well as a respected musician and educator .
Eugene Conley ( March 12 , 1908 -- December 18 , 1981 ) was a celebrated American operatic tenor .
Raimo Sirkiä ( born February 7 , 1951 in Finland ) is a Finnish operatic tenor whose repertoire ranges from spinto to dramatic .
Giuliano Ciannella ( 25 October 1943 -- 13 January 2008 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who had a major international career from the mid-1970s through the late 1990s .
Alice Verlet ( 1873 - -1934 ) was a Belgian - born operatic coloratura soprano active primarily in France .
Ghena Dimitrova ( Bulgarian : Гeна Димитpова ) ( 6 May 1941 -- 11 June 2005 ) was a Bulgarian operatic soprano .
Berle Sanford Rosenberg ( December 15 , 1951 ) is an American operatic tenor and vocal coach .
Andriana Yordanova is a Bulgarian - born soprano who started her career as a soloist in the school choir and the Children 's opera in her home town of Varna .
Marie Ismaël - Garcin ( 1858 - 1946 ) , was a French opera singer who specialised in light soprano roles and sang leading roles in several French opera houses during the 1880s .
Gloria Criscione Pineda , known artistically as `` Gloria del Paraguay '' is a Paraguayan soprano , recognized for her versatile voice .
Libuše Márová ( born 24 December 1943 ) is a Czech operatic mezzo - soprano who has been a principal artist at the National Theatre in Prague since 1969 .
Polly Young ( also known as Mary Young , Maria Young , Polly Barthélemon and Maria Barthélemon ) ( 7 July 1749 -- 20 September 1799 ) was an English soprano , composer and keyboard player .
Emmy Loose ( January 22 , 1914 in Ústí nad Labem -- October 14 , 1987 in Vienna ) was an Austrian operatic soprano of Czech birth , particularly associated with soubrette roles .
Edson Cordeiro ( born February 9 , 1967 ) is a sopranist countertenor and pop and jazz singer .
Liam Bonner ( born March 18 , 1981 ) is a professional opera singer ( baritone ) based in Houston , Texas .
Beyhan Demirdağ Alkan is a Turkish Cypriot mezzo - soprano .
Monika Frimmer ( born 1955 in Marburg ) is a German soprano in opera and concert .
Gino Vanelli ( 26 March 1896 , Bergamo - 9 April 1969 , Monza ) was an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international career from 1917 until his retirement in 1955 .
Dorothea Röschmann ( born 17 June 1967 ) is a German opera soprano from Flensburg .
Cyrena van Gordon was the stage name of an American operatic contralto born Cyrena Sue Pocock .
Rosina Brandram ( 2 July 1845 -- 28 February 1907 ) was an English opera singer and actress primarily known for creating many of the contralto roles in the Savoy operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Sonya Yoncheva ( Bulgarian : Соня Йончева , born 25 December 1981 ) is a Bulgarian operatic soprano .
Massimo Giordano ( born 19 February 1971 ) is an Italian - born operatic tenor who is known for his bel canto repertoire .
Harry Theyard ( né Harry L. Theard , Jr , on 28 September 1929 , in New Orleans ) is an American operatic tenor .
Rolando Villazón Mauleón ( born February 22 , 1972 ) is a French / Mexican tenor .
Sir Stig Fogh Andersen ( February 24 , 1950 in Hørsholm ) is a Danish operatic tenor .
Teresa Stratas , OC ( born May 26 , 1938 , Toronto , Ontario ) , is a retired Canadian operatic soprano of Greek descent .
Denise Scharley ( born Neuilly - en - Thelle , 15 February 1917 -- died Versailles , 26 July 2011 ) was a French contralto who made her debut in 1942 , singing Pelléas et Mélisande at the Opéra - Comique .
Elena Cernei ( 1 March 1924 -- 27 November 2000 ) was a Romanian operatic mezzo - soprano , musicologist , and voice teacher .
Barbara Kemp ( 12 December 1881 --17 April 1959 ) was a German soprano and opera singer .
José Oxilia , also known in Italy as Giuseppe Oxilia ( Montevideo , 3 June 1861 - 18 May 1919 ) was a Uruguayan operatic tenor .
Claes - Håkan Ahnsjö ( born 1 August 1942 ) is a Swedish operatic tenor particularly associated with the baroque repertoire and Mozart works .
