author	The White Hoods: an Historical Romance is a historical novel by Anna Eliza Bray first published in 1828 in London.	The White Hoods	Anna Eliza Bray
author	Inspector French and the Starvel Tragedy is a crime novel by Freeman Wills Crofts, featuring Inspector Joseph French of Scotland Yard.	Inspector French and the Starvel Tragedy	Freeman Wills Crofts
author	Stirrings Still is the final prose piece by Samuel Beckett, written 1986--89 to give his American publisher, Barney Rosset, something to publish.	Stirrings Still	Samuel Beckett
author	The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School is a 2007 children's novel by Candace Fleming.	The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School	Candace Fleming
author	Gauntlgrym is a novel released in October 2010, written by fantasy author R. A. Salvatore set in the Forgotten Realms campaign world.	Gauntlgrym	R. A. Salvatore
author	Family Without a Name (French: Famille-sans-nom) is an 1889 adventure novel by Jules Verne about the life of a family in Lower Canada (present-day Quebec) during the Lower Canada Rebellion of 1837 and 1838 that sought an independent and democratic republic for Lower Canada.	Family Without a Name	Jules Verne
author	On the Frontiers is volume thirteen in the French comic book (or bande dessinée) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean-Claude Mézières.	On the Frontiers	Pierre Christin
author	Building Big is a book written by David Macaulay, author of the book series The Way Things Work.	Building Big	David Macaulay
author	French Without Tears is a comic play written by a 25-year-old Terence Rattigan in 1936.	French Without Tears	Terence Rattigan
author	Tip and Trade is a 2011 book by Canadian author Mark Coakley that depicts an insider trading conspiracy involving Wall Street lawyer Gil Corblum and another lawyer, Stan Grmovsek, who were found to have gained over $10 million in illegal profits over a 14-year span.	Tip and Trade	Mark Coakley
author	When I Was Mortal is a short story collection by the Spanish writer Javier Marías.	When I Was Mortal	Javier Marías
author	Eyes of the Calculor is a post-apocalyptic novel by Sean McMullen published in 2001.	Eyes of the Calculor	Sean McMullen
author	The Pain and the Great One is a children's picture book published in 1974, written by Judy Blume and illustrated by Irene Trivas.	The Pain and the Great One	Judy Blume
author	``The Thing in the Moonlight'' is a short story by J. Chapman Miske, based on a letter from H. P. Lovecraft to Donald Wandrei, dated November 24, 1927.	The Thing in the Moonlight	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Dungeons & Dragons Gazetteer was written by Gary Holian, Erik Mona, Sean Reynolds, and Frederick Weining, and published in 2000.	Dungeons & Dragons Gazetteer	Gary Holian	Erik Mona	Frederick Weining
author	The Mother Tongue (ISBN 0-380-71543-0) is a book by Bill Bryson which compiles the history and origins of the English and the language's various quirks.	The Mother Tongue	Bill Bryson
author	Hayduke Lives! (ISBN 0-316-00411-1), written in 1989 by Edward Abbey, is the sequel to the popular book The Monkey Wrench Gang.	Hayduke Lives	Edward Abbey
author	Fire Study is a 2008 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder.	Fire Study	Maria V. Snyder
author	Pereira Maintains (Italian: Sostiene Pereira) is a 1994 novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi.	Pereira Maintains	Antonio Tabucchi
author	Captains and the Kings is a 1972 historical novel by Taylor Caldwell chronicling the rise to wealth and power of an Irish immigrant, Joseph Francis Xavier Armagh, who emigrates as a penniless teenager to the United States, along with his younger brother and baby sister, only for their parents to die shortly afterwards.	Captains and the Kings	Taylor Caldwell
author	The Disk is a 1975 short story written by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges.	The Disk	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks is a book about cocktails by David A. Embury, first published in 1948.	The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks	David A. Embury
author	Meet Me at the Monkey Trees is a local interest children's picture book that was written and illustrated by Sarah McEvoy.	Meet Me at the Monkey Trees	Sarah McEvoy
author	The Shoulder of Shasta is a romance novel by Bram Stoker written in 1895.	The Shoulder of Shasta	Bram Stoker
author	Loss and Gain is a philosophical novel by John Henry Newman published in 1848.	Loss and Gain	John Henry Newman
author	All for Australia is a 1984 book by Australian historian Professor Geoffrey Blainey.	All for Australia	Geoffrey Blainey
author	Grundlagen der Mathematik (English: Foundations of Mathematics) is a two-volume work by David Hilbert and Paul Bernays.	Grundlagen der Mathematik	David Hilbert	Paul Bernays
author	I'm Not Who You Think I Am is an American novel for young adults by Peg Kehret, published in 1999.	I'm Not Who You Think I Am	Peg Kehret
author	Hairy Maclary's Bone, first published in 1984, is the second of the series of books by New Zealand author Lynley Dodd featuring Hairy Maclary.	Hairy Maclary's Bone	Lynley Dodd
author	The Civil War in the United States is a collection of articles on the American Civil War by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels for the New York Tribune and Die Presse of Vienna between 1861 and 1862, and correspondence between Marx and Engels between 1860 and 1866.	The Civil War in the United States	Karl Marx	Friedrich Engels
author	The Mother/Child Papers is Alicia Ostriker's fourth book of poetry.	The Mother/Child Papers	Alicia Ostriker
author	Cibola Burn is a 2014 science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck) and the fourth book in The Expanse series.	Cibola Burn	James S. A. Corey
author	Midnight Rain is a paranormal romantic suspense novel by Holly Lisle, published in 2004, the first novel of this type Lisle has published.	Midnight Rain	Holly Lisle
author	The Poet of Tolstoy Park is the 2005 debut novel of Sonny Brewer, published by Ballantine.	The Poet of Tolstoy Park	Sonny Brewer
author	Divine Comedies is the seventh book of poetry by James Merrill (1926--1995).	Divine Comedies	James Merrill
author	The Odd Women is an 1893 novel by the English novelist George Gissing.	The Odd Women	George Gissing
author	``The Gambler, the Nun, and the Radio'' is a short story by Ernest Hemingway published in his collection of short stories The Snows of Kilimanjaro.	The Gambler, the Nun, and the Radio	Ernest Hemingway
author	Asterix and Caesar's Gift is the twenty-first volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations).	Asterix and Caesar's Gift	Albert Uderzo
author	Encyclopedia of American Biography, a biographical encyclopedia, by John A. Garraty (ed.) and Jerome L. Sternstein (assoc. ed.) This encyclopedia, published by Harper & Row in 1974, ``is more than a storehouse of information....	Encyclopedia of American Biography	John A. Garraty
author	Finger Lickin' Fifteen is a 2009 novel by Janet Evanovich that continues the saga of Stephanie Plum, bounty hunter in Trenton, NJ.	Finger Lickin' Fifteen	Janet Evanovich
author	The Purple Land is a novel set in 19th century Uruguay by William Henry Hudson, first published in 1885 under the title The Purple Land that England Lost.	The Purple Land	William Henry Hudson
author	Excellent Women is a novel by Barbara Pym, first published in 1952, her second published novel and generally acclaimed as the funniest and most successful of her comedies of manners.	Excellent Women	Barbara Pym
author	Tactics of Mistake is a science fiction novel written by Gordon R. Dickson which was first published as a serial in Analog in 1970-1971.	Tactics of Mistake	Gordon R. Dickson
author	Deliberate Prose - Essays 1952 to 1995 is a collection of essays penned by Allen Ginsberg in the years 1952 to 1995.	Deliberate Prose	Allen Ginsberg
author	Joe Gould's Secret is a 1965 book by Joseph Mitchell, based upon his two New Yorker profiles, ``Professor Sea Gull'' (1942) and ``Joe Gould's Secret'' (1964).	Joe Gould's Secret	Joseph Mitchell
author	Guy Domville is a play by Henry James first staged in London in 1895.	Guy Domville	Henry James
author	King Matt the First (Polish: Król Maciuś Pierwszy) is a children's novel by Polish author, physician, and child pedagogue Janusz Korczak.	King Matt the First	Janusz Korczak
author	Hipparchicus is the name usually given to Ἱππαρχικός, Hipparchikós, one of the two treatises on horsemanship by the Athenian historian and soldier Xenophon (c. 430 -- 354 BC).	Hipparchicus	Xenophon
author	Ausculta Fili (Latin, literally ``Give ear, my son'') is a letter addressed 5 December 1301, by Pope Boniface VIII to Philip the Fair, King of France.	Ausculta Fili	Boniface VIII
author	The Tiger Rising is a 2001 children's book written by Newbery Medal winning author Kate DiCamillo.	The Tiger Rising	Kate DiCamillo
author	A Spaceship Built of Stone and Other Stories is a 1987 science fiction short story collection by Lisa Tuttle, her second after A Nest of Nightmares (1985).	A Spaceship Built of Stone and Other Stories	Lisa Tuttle
author	Emerald Germs of Ireland (2001) is a black comedy novel by Irish writer Patrick McCabe.	Emerald Germs of Ireland	Patrick McCabe
author	Phra Aphai Mani (Thai: พระอภัยมณี) is a 30,000-line epic written by Thailand's best-known poet, Sunthorn Phu.	Phra Aphai Mani	Sunthorn Phu
author	The Broken Window is a crime thriller novel written by Jeffery Deaver, published in 2008.	The Broken Window	Jeffery Deaver
author	Run Before the Wind is the second novel in the Will Lee series by Stuart Woods, written as a semi-sequel to his first novel Chiefs.	Run Before the Wind	Stuart Woods
author	Considerations on Representative Government is a book by John Stuart Mill published in 1861.	Considerations on Representative Government	John Stuart Mill
author	Aalaap mein girah (Hindi: आलाप में गिरह) is the first collection of poems by Hindi poet Geet Chaturvedi, published in Hindi in 2010 by Rajkamal Prakashan, New Delhi.	Aalaap mein girah	Geet Chaturvedi
author	The Trainer is a play by David Wilson and Anne Aylor (with writing contributions from composer Keith Burstein).	The Trainer	Keith Burstein
author	The God Engines is a science fiction novella by John Scalzi published in 2009.	The God Engines	John Scalzi
author	The Phantom of Manhattan, a 1999 novel by Frederick Forsyth, is a sequel to the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical The Phantom of the Opera, itself based on the original book by Gaston Leroux.	The Phantom of Manhattan	Frederick Forsyth
author	Outlaw Pete is a book by Bruce Springsteen and artwork by Frank Caruso and based on the song of the same name from Springsteen's album, Working on a Dream.	Outlaw Pete	Bruce Springsteen
author	Lord Brocktree is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 2000.	Lord Brocktree	Brian Jacques
author	Protection or Free Trade is a book published in 1886 by the economist and social philosopher, Henry George.	Protection or Free Trade	Henry George
author	Songs of Travel and Other Verses is an 1896 book of poetry by Robert Louis Stevenson.	Songs of Travel and Other Verses	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	Tanya Grotter (Russian: Таня Гроттер) is the female protagonist of a Russian fantasy novel series by Dmitri Yemets.	Tanya Grotter	Dmitri Yemets
author	The Forty Days of Musa Dagh (German: Die vierzig Tage des Musa Dagh) is a 1933 novel by Austrian-Bohemian writer Franz Werfel based on true events that took place in 1915, during the second year of World War I and at the beginning of the Armenian Genocide.	The Forty Days of Musa Dagh	Franz Werfel
author	We Are All Legends is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer featuring his sword and sorcery hero Sir Julian.	We Are All Legends	Darrell Schweitzer
author	Weedflower is an American children's historial fiction novel by Cynthia Kadohata, who received the Newbery and Whiting Awards.	Weedflower	Cynthia Kadohata
author	The Viceroy of Ouidah is a novel published in 1980 by Bruce Chatwin, a British author.	The Viceroy of Ouidah	Bruce Chatwin
author	Fear Is the Key is a 1961 first-person narrative thriller novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean.	Fear Is the Key	Alistair MacLean
author	A Little Green Book of Monster Stories is a collection of short stories written by American author Joe R. Lansdale, published by Borderlands Press as part of their ``Little Book'' series.	A Little Green Book of Monster Stories	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Gemma Bovery (ISBN 0-2240-6114-3) is a graphic novel written by Posy Simmonds.	Gemma Bovery	Posy Simmonds
author	Libidinal Economy (French: Economie Libidinale) is a 1974 book by Jean-François Lyotard.	Libidinal Economy	Jean-François Lyotard
author	Germinie Lacerteux (1865) is a grim, anti-Romantic novel by Edmond and Jules de Goncourt in which the authors aim to present, as they say, a ``clinic of love.''	Germinie Lacerteux	Jules de Goncourt
author	The Jewel of Seven Stars is a 1903 horror novel by Bram Stoker.	The Jewel of Seven Stars	Bram Stoker
author	The Hero with a Thousand Faces (first published in 1949) is a seminal work of comparative mythology by Joseph Campbell.	The Hero with a Thousand Faces	Joseph Campbell
author	The Literary Pocket-Book was a collection of works edited by Leigh Hunt and containing material by Hunt, Percy Bysshe Shelley, John Keats, and Bryan Waller Procter.	Literary Pocket-Book	Percy Bysshe Shelley	John Keats
author	The 39 Clues is a series of adventure novels written by a collaboration of authors, including Rick Riordan, Gordon Korman, Peter Lerangis, Jude Watson, Patrick Carman, Linda Sue Park, Margaret Peterson Haddix, Roland Smith, David Baldacci, Jeff Hirsch, Natalie Standiford, C. Alexander London, and Jenny Goebel.	The 39 Clues	Rick Riordan	Gordon Korman	Peter Lerangis	Jude Watson	Patrick Carman	Linda Sue Park	Margaret Peterson Haddix	Roland Smith	David Baldacci
author	Season of Doubt is a 1968 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary set in Beiruit.	Season of Doubt	Jon Cleary
author	``The Elf Mound'' (Danish: Elverhøi) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805--1875).	The Elf Mound	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Notes from the Frontier is a non-fiction book by American author Hugh Nissenson describing life on a kibbutz in northern Israel, published in 1968.	Notes from the Frontier	Hugh Nissenson
author	The Electronic Revolution is an essay collection by William S. Burroughs that was first published in 1970 by Expanded Media Editions in West Germany.	The Electronic Revolution	William S. Burroughs
author	The House in Paris is Elizabeth Bowen's fifth novel.	The House in Paris	Elizabeth Bowen
author	Seduction of the Innocent is a book by German-American psychiatrist Fredric Wertham, published in 1954, that warned that comic books were a negative form of popular literature and a serious cause of juvenile delinquency.	Seduction of the Innocent	Fredric Wertham
author	The Tiger Warrior is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins.	The Tiger Warrior	David Gibbins
author	In the House of the Queen's Beasts (2001) is a young-adult novel by Jean Thesman.	In the House of the Queen's Beasts	Jean Thesman
author	Inter Ice Age 4 (第四間氷期, Dai-Yon Kampyōki) is an early science fiction novel by Japanese writer Kōbō Abe originally serialized in the journal Sekai from 1958 to 1959 and first translated into English by American scholar E. Dale Saunders in 1970.	Inter Ice Age 4	Kōbō Abe
author	No Coins, Please is a 1984 young adult book by Gordon Korman.	No Coins, Please	Gordon Korman
author	Les Châtiments (``Castigations'') is a collection of poems by Victor Hugo that fiercely attack the grandeur of Napoléon III's Second Empire.	Les Châtiments	Victor Hugo
author	Video Night is a 2013 horror novel by American author Adam Cesare.	Video Night	Adam Cesare
author	Loopy Ears (Петлистые уши, Petli′stye U′shi) is a short story by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin which was written in 1917 and gave his posthumous 1954 collection its title.	Loopy Ears	Ivan Bunin
author	Vimanarama is a three-issue comic book mini-series written by Grant Morrison, with art by Philip Bond, and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.	Vimanarama	Grant Morrison
author	Flappers and Philosophers is the first collection of short stories written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, published in 1920.	Flappers and Philosophers	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	The Fifty Worst Films of All Time (And How They Got That Way) is a 1978 book by Harry Medved, with Randy Dreyfuss and Michael Medved.	The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	Michael Medved
author	The Purcell Papers (1880) are a collection of thirteen Gothic, supernatural, historical and humorous short stories by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu (1814--73) originally written for the Dublin University Magazine.	The Purcell Papers	Sheridan Le Fanu
author	Abduction! by Peg Kehret, is a novel about a 13-year-old girl named Bonnie who searches for her brother Matt and their dog Pookie who were both abducted.	Abduction!	Peg Kehret
author	Le Chandelier is an 1835 play in three acts by French dramatist Alfred de Musset.	Le Chandelier	Alfred de Musset
author	``Murke's Collected Silences'' (German: Doktor Murkes gesammeltes Schweigen) is a short story by German writer Heinrich Böll, first published in the Frankfurter Hefte in 1955 and in English in 1963.	Murke's Collected Silences	Heinrich Böll
author	The Everlasting Man is a Christian apologetics book written by G. K. Chesterton, published in 1925.	The Everlasting Man	G. K. Chesterton
author	Get in the Van is a memoir by singer, writer, and spoken word artist Henry Rollins first published in 1994 by Rollins' own company, 2.13.61 Publications.	Get in the Van	Henry Rollins
author	Two to the Fifth is the 32nd book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.	Two to the Fifth	Piers Anthony
author	There Should be More Dancing is a black comedy novel, written by Australian author Rosalie Ham.	There Should be More Dancing	Rosalie Ham
author	The Second Scroll is a 1951 novel by the Jewish-Canadian writer A. M. Klein.	The Second Scroll	A. M. Klein
author	Miss Lonelyhearts, published in 1933, is Nathanael West's second novel.	Miss Lonelyhearts	Nathanael West
author	Luha ng Buwaya or, ``Crocodile's Tear'' in translation, is a 1983 novel written by Palanca Awardee and Filipino novelist Amado V. Hernandez.	Luha ng Buwaya	Amado V. Hernandez
author	Det är 1988 och har precis börjat snöa (lit. It Is 1988 and It Has Just Started Snowing) is a 2005 Sigge Eklund novel.	Det är 1988 och har precis börjat snöa	Sigge Eklund
author	The Book of Merlyn is an Arthurian fantasy book written by T. H. White.	The Book of Merlyn	T. H. White
author	Simple Genius is a thriller novel by American writer David Baldacci, which topped the New York Times bestseller list for the week ending April 28, 2007.	Simple Genius	David Baldacci
author	On a Silver Platter is a 1990 Donald Duck comic by Don Rosa.	On a Silver Platter	Don Rosa
author	Codex Alera is a fantasy book series by Jim Butcher.	Codex Alera	Jim Butcher
author	The End of Vandalism is a 1994 novel by American author Tom Drury.	The End of Vandalism	Tom Drury
author	Vaaren is a novel written by Norwegian Nobel laureate Sigrid Undset, published in 1914.	Vaaren	Sigrid Undset
author	Styles of Radical Will is a collection of essays by Susan Sontag published in 1969.	Styles of Radical Will	Susan Sontag
author	Les Rougon-Macquart is the collective title given to a cycle of twenty novels by French writer Émile Zola.	Les Rougon-Macquart	Émile Zola
author	The History of Independent Cinema is a book by film historian Phil Hall that traces the development of the United States independent film sector from silent films to digital media.	The History of Independent Cinema	Phil Hall
author	The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer is a 1990 spin-off novel from the television series Twin Peaks by Jennifer Lynch.	The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer	Jennifer Lynch
author	Mountain Cat (a.k.a. The Mountain Cat Murders) is a mystery novel by Rex Stout, first published in book form in 1939.	Mountain Cat	Rex Stout
author	Voyages by Starlight is a collection of science fiction and horror stories by author Ian R. MacLeod.	Voyages by Starlight	Ian R. MacLeod
author	One Million A.D. (ISBN 0-7394-6273-3) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2005.	One Million A.D.	Gardner Dozois
author	Jack's Luck Runs Out is a full-color one-shot comic book created by Jason Little.	Jack's Luck Runs Out	Jason Little
author	Prince Jellyfish is an unpublished novel by American journalist and author Hunter S. Thompson.	Prince Jellyfish	Hunter S. Thompson
author	An Account of Corsica is the earliest piece of writing related to the Grand Tour literature that was written by the Scottish author James Boswell.	An Account of Corsica	James Boswell
author	The Cat in the Hat Comes Back is a children's book written and illustrated by Dr. Seuss and published by Random House in 1958.	The Cat in the Hat Comes Back	Dr. Seuss
author	O Desertor das Letras was a heroic-comic poem which was published by Manuel Inácio da Silva Alvarenga.	O Desertor das Letras	Manuel Inácio da Silva Alvarenga
author	You Can't See 'Round Corners was the first published novel by Australian author Jon Cleary.	You Can't See 'Round Corners	Jon Cleary
author	White Dawns (Macedonian: Бели мугри, Beli mugri) is a collection of poems by the famous Macedonian writer Kočo Racin (Кочо Рацин), published in 1939 in Samobor, near Zagreb, Croatia.	White Dawns	Kočo Racin
author	``The Handicapped'' is a science fiction short story written in 1967 by Larry Niven, set in the Known Space universe.	The Handicapped	Larry Niven
author	Chicago Poems is a 1916 collection of poetry by Carl Sandburg, his first by a mainstream publisher.	Chicago Poems	Carl Sandburg
author	Evolution of the Vertebrates, subtitled ``A History of the Backboned Animals Through Time'' is a basic paleontology textbook by Edwin H. Colbert, published by John Wiley & Sons.	Evolution of the Vertebrates	Edwin H. Colbert
author	The Mermaid Chair is a 2005 novel written by American novelist Sue Monk Kidd, which has also been adapted as a Lifetime movie.	The Mermaid Chair	Sue Monk Kidd
author	In about 650, the third Caliph Uthman ibn Affan (d. 656) began noticing slight differences in pronunciation of the Quran as Islam expanded beyond the Arabian Peninsula into Persia, the Levant, and North Africa.	Quran	Uthman ibn Affan
author	Mucho Mojo Is a mystery/crime novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Mucho Mojo	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Kill Decision is a science fiction novel by Daniel Suarez, published in 2012.	Kill Decision	Daniel Suarez
author	Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature (published in 1979) is a book by American philosopher Richard Rorty.	Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature	Richard Rorty
author	An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding is a book by the Scottish empiricist philosopher David Hume, published in English in 1748.	An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding	David Hume
author	Night of the Ripper (1984) is a novel written by American writer Robert Bloch, the author of Psycho.	Night of the Ripper	Robert Bloch
author	The Science of Life is a book written by H. G. Wells, Julian Huxley and G. P. Wells, published in three volumes by The Waverley Publishing Company Ltd in 1929--30, giving a popular account of all major aspects of biology as known in the 1920s.	The Science of Life	H. G. Wells	Julian Huxley	G. P. Wells
author	Other Bells for Us to Ring (1990) is the U.S. author Robert Cormier's first novel for young readers (10--12 years).	Other Bells for Us to Ring	Robert Cormier
author	La Chamade is a 1965 novel by French playwright and novelist Françoise Sagan.	La Chamade	Françoise Sagan
author	Sky Masters of the Space Force was an American, syndicated newspaper comic strip created on September 8, 1958 by writer Dave Wood and penciler Jack Kirby, featuring the adventures of an American astronaut.	Sky Masters	Jack Kirby
author	Master of Whitestorm is a science fiction/fantasy book by Janny Wurts, published in 1992.	Master of Whitestorm	Janny Wurts
author	Psychomech is a horror novel written by Brian Lumley and published by Panther Books in 1984.	Psychomech	Brian Lumley
author	Calculus Made Easy is a book on infinitesimal calculus originally published in 1910 by Silvanus P. Thompson, considered a classic and elegant introduction to the subject.	Calculus Made Easy	Silvanus P. Thompson
author	The Woman Who Did (1895) is a novel by Grant Allen about a young, self-assured middle-class woman who defies convention as a matter of principle and who is fully prepared to suffer the consequences of her actions.	The Woman Who Did	Grant Allen
author	A Small Boy and Others is a book of autobiography by Henry James published in 1913.	A Small Boy and Others	Henry James
author	The Dark Wing is a 2001 military science fiction novel by Walter H. Hunt and part one of a 4-part series.	The Dark Wing	Walter H. Hunt
author	Rogue Ship is a 1965 novel by A. E. van Vogt, created and adapted from 3 short stories to form a novel.	Rogue Ship	A. E. van Vogt
author	Exit to Eden is a 1985 novel by Anne Rice, initially published in under the pen name Anne Rampling, but subsequently under Rice's name.	Exit to Eden	Anne Rice
author	I Served the King of England (Czech: Obsluhoval jsem anglického krále) is a novel by the Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal.	I Served the King of England	Bohumil Hrabal
author	Oh, Play That Thing (2004) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle.	Oh, Play That Thing	Roddy Doyle
author	``The Sliced-Crosswise Only-On-Tuesday World'' is a science-fiction short story by Philip José Farmer, first published in 1971 in New Dimensions 1:	The Sliced-Crosswise Only-On-Tuesday World	Philip José Farmer
author	Trying is a drama by Canadian-born playwright Joanna Glass that premiered at Chicago's Victory Gardens Theater on March 29, 2004.	Trying	Joanna Glass
author	Stay in Your Own Sled (Russian: Не в свои сани не садись, an idiom meaning ``Don't bite off more than you can chew,'') is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky, written in 1852 and first published in the No.5 (March, book 1), 1853, issue of Moskvityanin.	Stay in Your Own Sled	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	V. is the debut novel of Thomas Pynchon, published in 1963.	V.	Thomas Pynchon
author	The Secrets of Sir Richard Kenworthy is a Regency romance written by Julia Quinn and published in 2015 by Avon Books.	The Secrets of Sir Richard Kenworthy	Julia Quinn
author	Y Stafell Ddirgel (in English, The Secret Room) is a novel by Marion Eames written in the Welsh language and first published in 1969.	The Secret Room	Marion Eames
author	A Quiet Belief In Angels is a thriller novel written by R. J. Ellory.	A Quiet Belief In Angels	R. J. Ellory
author	The Angel Trilogy is a romance, thriller, fantasy, and supernatural series of three books written by L.A. Weatherly.	Angel Trilogy	L.A. Weatherly
author	The Atlas of Middle-earth by Karen Wynn Fonstad is an atlas of J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional realm of Middle-earth.	The Atlas of Middle-earth	Karen Wynn Fonstad
author	The Far Pavilions is an epic novel of British-Indian history by M. M. Kaye, published in 1978, which tells the story of an English officer during the British Raj.	The Far Pavilions	M. M. Kaye
author	The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers is a 2007 graphic novel by Indian graphic artist Sarnath Banerjee.	The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers	Sarnath Banerjee
author	The Man Who Counted (original Portuguese title: O Homem que Calculava) is a book on recreational mathematics and curious word problems by Brazilian writer Júlio César de Mello e Souza, published under the pen name Malba Tahan.	The Man Who Counted	Júlio César de Mello e Souza
author	The Little School is a novel written by Alicia Partnoy, a woman who was ``disappeared'' during the Dirty War period of the history of Argentina.	The Little School	Alicia Partnoy
author	It's Not the End of the World is a young adult novel written by Judy Blume, published in 1972.	It's Not the End of the World	Judy Blume
author	At the Villa of Reduced Circumstances is a book by Scottish author and academic Alexander McCall Smith, relating further matters in the life of the main character, Professor Dr Moritz-Maria von Igelfeld.	At the Villa of Reduced Circumstances	Alexander McCall Smith
author	Shakespeare and the Goddess of Complete Being is a book of literary criticism authored by Ted Hughes.	Shakespeare and the Goddess of Complete Being	Ted Hughes
author	Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle is the title of a series of books by Betty MacDonald.	Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle	Betty MacDonald
author	La Bête (1991) is a comedy by American playwright, David Hirson.	La Bête	David Hirson
author	Headlong Hall is a novella by Thomas Love Peacock, his first long work of fiction, written in 1815 and published in 1816.	Headlong Hall	Thomas Love Peacock
author	Like a Hole in the Head is a 1970 thriller love story novel written by James Hadley Chase.	Like a Hole in the Head	James Hadley Chase
author	The Future of the Race is a 1996 book by prominent African-American scholars Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West.	The Future of the Race	Cornel West
author	The Suicide Collectors is the debut novel of American author David Oppegaard.	The Suicide Collectors	David Oppegaard
author	Shadow and Act is a collection of essays by Ralph Ellison, published in 1964.	Shadow and Act	Ralph Ellison
author	Coelestis Pastor was a papal encyclical issued on November 19, 1687 by Pope Innocent XI in which he condemns the practices of the Quietists, a group of religious separatists led by Miguel de Molinos.	Coelestis Pastor	Innocent XI
author	Les Rayons et les Ombres (``Beams and shadows'', 1840) is a collection of forty-four poems by Victor Hugo, the last collection to be published before his exile, and containing most of his poems from between 1837 and 1840.	Les Rayons et les Ombres	Victor Hugo
author	Man and His Symbols is the last work undertaken by Carl Jung before his death in 1961.	Man and His Symbols	Carl Jung
author	Better Angel is a novel by Forman Brown first published in 1933 under the pseudonym Richard Meeker.	Better Angel	Forman Brown
author	Zorgamazoo (2008) is Canadian children's author Robert Paul Weston's first novel.	Zorgamazoo	Robert Paul Weston
author	King-Cat Comics and Stories is a long-running, critically acclaimed photocopied mini-comic series, authored and self-published by John Porcellino.	King-Cat Comics	John Porcellino
author	English Journey is an account by J. B. Priestley of his travels in England which was published in 1934.	English Journey	J. B. Priestley
author	Pour un nouveau roman (translated as For a New Novel (US), Towards a New Novel (UK)) is a 1963 collection of theoretical writings by French author Alain Robbe-Grillet.	Pour un nouveau roman	Alain Robbe-Grillet
author	A Horse's Tale is a novel by Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens), written partially in the voice of Soldier Boy, who is Buffalo Bill's favorite horse, at a fictional frontier outpost with the U.S. 7th Cavalry.	A Horse's Tale	Mark Twain
author	Hokas Pokas! is a collection of science fiction stories, and the novel Star Prince Charlie by Poul Anderson and Gordon R. Dickson.	Hokas Pokas!	Poul Anderson	Gordon R. Dickson
author	The Enola Holmes Mysteries is a young-adult fiction series of detective novels by American author Nancy Springer, starring Enola Holmes as the fourteen-year-old sister of an already-famous Sherlock Holmes, twenty years her senior.	The Enola Holmes Mysteries	Nancy Springer
author	The Vision of the Anointed is a book by economist and political columnist Thomas Sowell challenging people Sowell refers to as ``Teflon prophets,'' who predict that there will be future social, economic, or environmental problems in the absence of government intervention (Ralph Nader is one of his foremost examples).	The Vision of the Anointed	Thomas Sowell
author	The Origin and Development of the Moral Ideas is a book by the Finnish philosopher Edvard Westermarck, published between 1906 and 1908.	The Origin and Development of the Moral Ideas	Edvard Westermarck
author	The Angel's Luck Series is a group of three science fiction novels by Joe Clifford Faust, beginning with his first novel, 1989's Desperate Measures.	Angel's Luck	Joe Clifford Faust
author	The Postman is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by David Brin.	The Postman	David Brin
author	The Revolution of Everyday Life (French: Traité de savoir-vivre à l’usage des jeunes générations) is a 1967 book by Raoul Vaneigem, Belgian author, philosopher and one time member of the Situationist International (1961--1970).	The Revolution of Everyday Life	Raoul Vaneigem
author	Birdless Summer is an autobiography by Han Suyin.	Birdless Summer	Han Suyin
author	The Wicked Years is a series of novels by Gregory Maguire that present a revisionist take on L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, its 1939 film adaptation, and related books.	The Wicked Years	Gregory Maguire
author	De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres) is the seminal work on the heliocentric theory of the Renaissance astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus (1473--1543).	De revolutionibus orbium coelestium	Nicolaus Copernicus
author	Puttering About in a Small Land is an early non-science fiction novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick.	Puttering About in a Small Land	Philip K. Dick
author	The Hundred Secret Senses is a 1995 novel by Amy Tan, focusing on the relationship between Chinese-born Kwan and her younger, Chinese American sister Olivia, who serves as the book's primary narrator.	The Hundred Secret Senses	Amy Tan
author	Družba Pere Kvržice is a children's novel written by Croatian children's novelist Mato Lovrak.	Družba Pere Kvržice	Mato Lovrak
author	Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser are two sword-and-sorcery heroes appearing in stories written by American author Fritz Leiber.	Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser	Fritz Leiber
author	Craig's Wife is a 1925 play written by American playwright George Kelly, uncle of actress and later Princess of Monaco Grace Kelly.	Craig's Wife	George Kelly
author	My Book about ME is a children's book written but not illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House on September 12, 1969.	My Book about ME	Dr. Seuss
author	Les Orientales is a collection of poems by Victor Hugo, inspired by the Greek War of Independence.	Les Orientales	Victor Hugo
author	The Spell Compendium was compiled by Matthew Sernett, Jeff Grubb, and Mike McArtor, and was published in December 2005.	Spell Compendium	Jeff Grubb
author	The Chalk Garden is a play by Enid Bagnold that premiered on Broadway in 1955.	The Chalk Garden	Enid Bagnold
author	Les Bravades is a 68-page picture book by Orson Welles, written and drawn in 1956, and published posthumously in 1996.	Les Bravades	Orson Welles
author	Troll Fell is a children's fantasy novel written by Katherine Langrish, the first in the Troll Trilogy which comprises Troll Fell, Troll Mill and Troll Blood.	Troll Fell	Katherine Langrish
author	Who'll Save Alfie Atkins? (Swedish: Vem räddar Alfons Åberg?) is a 1976 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Who'll Save Alfie Atkins?	Gunilla Bergström
author	``The Return of William Proxmire'' is a short story by Larry Niven first published in 1989 in the anthology What Might Have Been?	The Return of William Proxmire	Larry Niven
author	The Last Colony is the third science fiction novel by John Scalzi set in the Old Man's War universe.	The Last Colony	John Scalzi
author	Historia general de las Indias (General History of the Indies) is the account by Francisco López de Gómara of the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire.	Historia general de las Indias	Francisco López de Gómara
author	Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker.	Dracula	Bram Stoker
author	The Constitution of the Athenians (The Athenian constitution; Greek: Ἀθηναίων πολιτεία Athenaion Politeia) is the name given to two texts from Classical antiquity: one probably by Aristotle or a student of his, the second attributed to Xenophon, but not thought to be his work.	Constitution of the Athenians	Aristotle
author	How to Make a Bird by Australian author Martine Murray is a children's novel which centres on a young adolescent girl called Mannie.	How to Make a Bird	Martine Murray
author	Fielding Gray is Volume IV of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1967.	Fielding Gray	Simon Raven
author	Vaskilintu (Finnish: The Brass Bird or The Copper Bird or The Bronze Bird) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Vaskilintu	Kaari Utrio
author	The Leopard (Italian: Il Gattopardo) is a novel by Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa that chronicles the changes in Sicilian life and society during the Risorgimento.	The Leopard	Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa
author	Bog Child is a historical novel by Siobhan Dowd published by David Fickling in September 2008, more than a year after her death.	Bog Child	Siobhan Dowd
author	Dime Store Magic is a fantasy novel by written by Kelley Armstrong.	Dime Store Magic	Kelley Armstrong
author	Journeys to the End of the World (2007) is the debut novel by Clive Algar which is reviewed in the May 2009 issue of Historical Novels Review Online.	Journeys to the End of the World	Clive Algar
author	``A Tale of the Ragged Mountains'' is a short story written by Edgar Allan Poe partially based on his experiences while a student at the University of Virginia.	A Tale of the Ragged Mountains	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Metro 2035 (Russian: Метро 2035) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky.	Metro 2035	Dmitry Glukhovsky
author	Fire Ice is the third book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by best-selling author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos, and was published in 2002.	Fire Ice	Clive Cussler	Paul Kemprecos
author	A Burnt-Out Case (1960) is a novel by English author Graham Greene, set in a leproserie on the upper reaches of a tributary of the Congo River in Africa.	A Burnt-Out Case	Graham Greene
author	``The Haunter of the Dark'' is a horror short story written by H. P. Lovecraft in November 1935, and published in the December 1936 edition of Weird Tales (Vol. 28, No. 5, p. 538--53).	The Haunter of the Dark	H. P. Lovecraft
author	French Silk is a romance novel written by Sandra Brown.	French Silk	Sandra Brown
author	Joe Turner's Come and Gone is a play by American playwright, August Wilson.	Joe Turner's Come and Gone	August Wilson
author	The Folk of the Faraway Tree is a children's novel in the Faraway Tree series by Enid Blyton.	The Folk of the Faraway Tree	Enid Blyton
author	Hypnerotomachia Poliphili(/hiːpˌnɛəroʊtəˈmɑːkiːə pəˈliːfəˌliː/; from Greek hýpnos, 'sleep', éros, 'love', and máchē, 'fight'), called in English Poliphilo's Strife of Love in a Dream or The Dream of Poliphilus, is a romance said to be by Francesco Colonna and a famous example of early printing.	Hypnerotomachia Poliphili	Francesco Colonna
author	A Tolkien Miscellany is a collection of short stories, translations, and poetry written or translated by J. R. R. Tolkien, published by the Quality Paperback Book Club on January 1, 2002.	A Tolkien Miscellany	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The Ginger Cat and Other Lost Plays is a collection of plays by Anglo-Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany, edited and with an introduction by Darrell Schweitzer.	The Ginger Cat and Other Lost Plays	Darrell Schweitzer
author	Dik Trom is a series of Dutch children's books by Cornelis Johannes Kieviet, centered on the character Dik Trom (a mischievous oversized Dutch boy).	Dik Trom	Cornelis Johannes Kieviet
author	The Flies (French: Les Mouches) is a play by Jean-Paul Sartre, written in 1943.	The Flies	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	The Tartar Steppe (Italian: Il deserto dei Tartari, literally The Desert of the Tartars) is a novel by Italian author Dino Buzzati, published in 1940.	The Tartar Steppe	Dino Buzzati
author	Always Room for One More is a book by Sorche Nic Leodhas that won the Caldecott Medal for excellence in American children's literature illustration in 1966.	Always Room for One More	Sorche Nic Leodhas
author	``Auld Lang Syne'' (Scots pronunciation: (ˈɔːl(d) lɑŋˈsəin): note ``s'' rather than ``z'') is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1788 and set to the tune of a traditional folk song (Roud # 6294).	Auld Lang Syne	Robert Burns
author	Tonguing the Zeitgeist is a Avantpop novel by Lance Olsen, published in 1994 by Permeable Press.	Tonguing the Zeitgeist	Lance Olsen
author	The Feast of the Goat (Spanish: La fiesta del chivo, 2000) is a novel by the Peruvian Nobel Prize in Literature laureate Mario Vargas Llosa.	The Feast of the Goat	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Family Catastrophe (Chinese: 家變; pinyin: Jiābiàn) is a novel by the Taiwan author Wang Wenxing published in 1972.	Family Catastrophe	Wang Wenxing
author	De Interpretatione or On Interpretation (Greek: Περὶ Ἑρμηνείας, Peri Hermeneias) is the second text from Aristotle's Organon and is among the earliest surviving philosophical works in the Western tradition to deal with the relationship between language and logic in a comprehensive, explicit, and formal way.	De Interpretatione	Aristotle
author	The Goblin Emperor is a 2014 fantasy novel written by the American author Sarah Monette under the pseudonym Katherine Addison.	The Goblin Emperor	Sarah Monette
author	``Lobo the King of Currumpaw'' is the first story of author Ernest Thompson Seton's 1898 book Wild Animals I Have Known.	Lobo the King of Currumpaw	Ernest Thompson Seton
author	Under the Blue Sky is a three-act play written by David Eldridge.	Under the Blue Sky	David Eldridge
author	Doctor Scroggy's War is a 2014 play by Howard Brenton, commissioned by Shakespeare's Globe, where it premiered on 12 September 2014, marking the centenary of World War One.	Doctor Scroggy's War	Howard Brenton
author	The Forbidden Forest (Romanian: Noaptea de Sânziene; French: Forêt interdite) is a 1955 novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade.	The Forbidden Forest	Mircea Eliade
author	Arias with a Twist is a collaborative play created by drag queen Joey Arias and puppeteer Basil Twist.	Arias with a Twist	Basil Twist
award received	Otto Benzin (23 November 1910 -- 29 June 1944) was a Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Otto Benzin	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Darshana Jhaveri received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1996 by Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy of Dance, Music and Drama.	Darshana Jhaveri	Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
cast member	The Green Scarf is a 1954 British mystery film directed by George More O'Ferrall and starring Michael Redgrave, Ann Todd, Leo Genn, Kieron Moore, Richard O'Sullivan and Michael Medwin.	The Green Scarf	Michael Redgrave
cast member	Riders of the Night is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John H. Collins and starred his wife Viola Dana.	Riders of the Night	Viola Dana
cast member	Sugar & Spice is a 2001 American teen crime comedy film directed by Francine McDougall, and starring Marley Shelton, Marla Sokoloff, Mena Suvari, James Marsden, and Melissa George.	Sugar & Spice	Marley Shelton	Marla Sokoloff	Mena Suvari	James Marsden	Melissa George
cast member	Morons from Outer Space is a 1985 comedy/science fiction film directed by Mike Hodges and stars Griff Rhys Jones, Mel Smith, Joanne Pearce, Jimmy Nail, and James B. Sikking.	Morons from Outer Space	Griff Rhys Jones
cast member	The Wicked Darling is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning and featuring Lon Chaney as a pickpocket.	The Wicked Darling	Lon Chaney
cast member	Double Cross Roads is a 1930 Pre-Code American drama film directed by George E. Middleton and Alfred L. Werker and starring Robert Ames, Lila Lee and Edythe Chapman.	Double Cross Roads	Lila Lee	Edythe Chapman
cast member	Los muertos no hablan (English: The Dead Do Not Speak) is a 1958 Mexican western film directed by Jaime Salvador, starring Antonio Aguilar as Mauricio Rosales, and Flor Silvestre as Alondra, the femme fatale.	Los muertos no hablan	Antonio Aguilar	Flor Silvestre
cast member	Some Kind of Hero is a 1982 film starring Richard Pryor as a returning Vietnam War veteran having trouble adjusting to civilian life.	Some Kind of Hero	Richard Pryor
cast member	The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1975 Disney film about a slick gambler named Russell Donovan (Bill Bixby) who is duped into taking care of a group of orphans who eventually strike gold during the California Gold Rush.	The Apple Dumpling Gang	Bill Bixby
cast member	I Am Sam (stylized i am sam) is a 2001 American drama film written and directed by Jessie Nelson, and starring Sean Penn as a father with a developmental disability, Dakota Fanning as his inquisitive seven-year-old daughter, and Michelle Pfeiffer as his lawyer.	I Am Sam	Dakota Fanning	Michelle Pfeiffer
cast member	Behind the Facade (French:Derrière la façade) is a 1939 French drama film directed by Georges Lacombe and Yves Mirande and starring Lucien Baroux, Jules Berry and André Lefaur.	Behind the Facade	Yves Mirande	Lucien Baroux	Jules Berry	André Lefaur
cast member	A Man the Army Made is a 1917 British silent war drama film directed by Bertram Phillips and starring Queenie Thomas, Paul R. Hall and H. Agar Lyons.	A Man the Army Made	Queenie Thomas
cast member	Desert Mice is a 1959 British comedy film featuring Alfred Marks, Sid James, Dora Bryan, Irene Handl, John Le Mesurier and Liz Fraser.	Desert Mice	Alfred Marks	Sid James	Dora Bryan
cast member	Sundaattam is a 2013 Tamil film written and directed by Brahma G. Dev. Irfan play as the hero and the new-find Arundhati as heroine.	Sundaattam	Irfan
cast member	Starring Antonia Campbell-Hughes and Julian Morris, Kelly + Victor is the story of a young couple embarking on a passionate and transgressive love affair.	Kelly + Victor	Antonia Campbell-Hughes	Julian Morris
cast member	Thenmavin Kombath (English: At the top of Sweet Mango Tree) is a 1994 Malayalam musical Romantic Comedy drama film written and directed by Priyadarshan, produced and edited by N. Gopalakrishnan, and starring Mohanlal, Shobana, Nedumudi Venu, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, KPAC Lalitha, Sukumari, Sreenivasan, Sankaradi, and Sharat Saxena.	Thenmavin Kombath	Mohanlal	Shobana	Nedumudi Venu	Kaviyoor Ponnamma	Sukumari	Sreenivasan	Sharat Saxena
cast member	Little Giants is a 1994 American family sports comedy film, starring Rick Moranis and Ed O'Neill as brothers in a small Ohio town, coaching rival Pee-Wee Football teams.	Little Giants	Rick Moranis	Ed O'Neill
cast member	Ujala (Ujala means Light in Hindi) is a Bollywood movie released in 1959, starring Shammi Kapoor, Mala Sinha, Raaj Kumar, Leela Chitnis and Tun Tun.	Ujala	Shammi Kapoor	Mala Sinha	Raaj Kumar	Leela Chitnis
cast member	Kizhakke Varum Paattu is a 1993 Tamil feature film directed by Radha Bharathi starring Prashanth and Charmila.	Kizhakke Varum Paattu	Prashanth
cast member	Love Simple is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by Mark von Sternberg and starring Francisco Solorzano, Patrizia Hernandez, John Harlacher, Caitlin Fitzgerald and Israel Horovitz.	Love Simple	John Harlacher	Israel Horovitz
cast member	Too Many Thieves is a 1967 American crime film directed by Abner Biberman and starring Peter Falk, Britt Ekland and Joanna Barnes.	Too Many Thieves	Peter Falk	Britt Ekland	Joanna Barnes
cast member	The Chief's Blanket is a 1912 American short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Blanche Sweet and Lionel Barrymore.	The Chief's Blanket	Blanche Sweet	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	Seerivarum Kaalai is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2001 directed by Ramarajan and film stars himself alongside Abitha of Sethu fame.	Seerivarum Kaalai	Ramarajan	Abitha
cast member	Bad Aur Badnam is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Feroze Chinoy for producer K.D.Shorey who has also written the story, starring Sanjeev Kumar and Shatrughan Sinha in lead roles supported by Parveen Babi, Anita Raj and Kader Khan	Bad Aur Badnam	Sanjeev Kumar
cast member	Hold 'Em Navy is a 1937 film starring Lew Ayres.	Hold 'Em Navy	Lew Ayres
cast member	A Faithful Soldier of Pancho Villa (Spanish: Un dorado de Pancho Villa) is a 1967 Mexican drama film written, directed by and starring Emilio Fernández.	A Faithful Soldier of Pancho Villa	Emilio Fernández
cast member	Dragstrip Girl is a 1957 film starring John Ashley in his first lead role.	Dragstrip Girl	John Ashley
cast member	My Name is Niki (German:Ich heiße Niki) is a 1952 West German comedy film directed by Rudolf Jugert and starring Paul Hörbiger, Aglaja Schmid and Hardy Krüger.	My Name is Niki	Paul Hörbiger	Aglaja Schmid	Hardy Krüger
cast member	The Straitjacket Lottery is a 2004 film from writer/director Doug Karr starring Andy Jones, David Huband, Tara Slone and Joe Cobden.	The Straitjacket Lottery	Andy Jones
cast member	Young Tom Edison is a 1940 biographical film about the early life of inventor Thomas Edison, with Mickey Rooney in the title role.	Young Tom Edison	Mickey Rooney
cast member	Hola, ¿estás sola? (Hi, Are You Alone?) is a 1995 Spanish film, a road movie, starring Silke and Candela Peña.	Hola, ¿estás sola?	Silke	Candela Peña
cast member	Keeping Mum is a 2005 British black comedy film starring Rowan Atkinson, Kristin Scott Thomas, Maggie Smith and Patrick Swayze.	Keeping Mum	Rowan Atkinson	Kristin Scott Thomas	Maggie Smith	Patrick Swayze
cast member	Appointment in London (known as Raiders in the Sky in the U.S.) is a 1953 British war film set during the Second World War and starring Dirk Bogarde.	Appointment in London	Dirk Bogarde
cast member	Dishonored Lady is a 1947 American crime drama film directed by Robert Stevenson and starring Hedy Lamarr, Dennis O'Keefe, and John Loder.	Dishonored Lady	Hedy Lamarr	Dennis O'Keefe	John Loder
cast member	Zebra in the Kitchen is a 1965 American children's film produced and directed by Ivan Tors and starring Jay North in his first leading feature film role.	Zebra in the Kitchen	Jay North
cast member	The Midnight Hour (also known as In the Midnight Hour) is a 1985 American comedy-horror television film that aired on ABC on Friday, November 1, 1985, at 9:00-11:00 PM EST. It stars Shari Belafonte-Harper, LeVar Burton, Peter DeLuise, and Dedee Pfeiffer.	The Midnight Hour	Shari Belafonte	LeVar Burton	Peter DeLuise	Dedee Pfeiffer
cast member	Vishwavidhaata is a 1997 Hindi movie directed by Farogh Siddique starring Jackie Shroff, Ayesha Jhulka, Sharad Kapoor, Pooja Batra, Arjun and Ashish Vidyarthi.	Vishwavidhaata	Jackie Shroff
cast member	Shooting Dogs, released in the United States as Beyond the Gates, is a 2005 film, directed by Michael Caton-Jones and starring John Hurt, Hugh Dancy and Clare-Hope Ashitey.	Shooting Dogs	John Hurt	Hugh Dancy	Clare-Hope Ashitey
cast member	That Certain Age is a 1938 American musical film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring Deanna Durbin and Melvyn Douglas.	That Certain Age	Deanna Durbin	Melvyn Douglas
cast member	King Dinosaur is a 1955 science fiction film starring William Bryant and Wanda Curtis with narration by Marvin Miller.	King Dinosaur	William Bryant
cast member	Assignment in Brittany is a 1943 war film directed by Jack Conway and starring French actor Jean-Pierre Aumont and Swedish actress Signe Hasso, both in their American film debuts.	Assignment in Brittany	Jean-Pierre Aumont
cast member	My Memories of Mexico (Spanish:México de mis recuerdos) is a 1944 Mexican historical musical film directed by Juan Bustillo Oro and starring Fernando Soler, Sofía Álvarez and Joaquín Pardavé.	My Memories of Mexico	Fernando Soler
cast member	Navarathinam(Tamil: நவரத்தினம் English: NINE GEMS), is a 1977 Indian Tamil Film language action road movie film written and directed by A. P. Nagarajan, starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role, Latha, Jayachitra, Zarina Wahab and with among others enacting supporting roles.	Navarathinam	M. G. Ramachandran	Latha	Jayachitra	Zarina Wahab
cast member	Asthamayam is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Chandrakumar and produced by Madhu.	Asthamayam	Madhu
cast member	Si accettano miracoli is a 2015 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Siani (it).	Si accettano miracoli	Alessandro Siani
cast member	When released from prison, Ram Jaane is taken by Murli (Vivek Mushran) to 'Apna Ghar', a home set up for the homeless --	Ram Jaane	Vivek Mushran
cast member	Madame Racketeer is a 1932 American Pre-Code film featuring Alison Skipworth, Richard Bennett, and George Raft.	Madame Racketeer	Alison Skipworth	Richard Bennett	George Raft
cast member	Follow the Fleet (RKO) is a 1936 Hollywood musical comedy film with a nautical theme which stars Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and features Randolph Scott, Harriet Hilliard, and Astrid Allwyn, with music and lyrics by Irving Berlin.	Follow the Fleet	Fred Astaire	Ginger Rogers	Randolph Scott	Astrid Allwyn
cast member	Up Pops the Devil (1931) is an American Pre-Code film about an advertising man (Norman Foster) who quits his job to become a novelist, upsetting his wife (Carole Lombard) and straining their marriage.	Up Pops the Devil	Norman Foster	Carole Lombard
cast member	Hollywood Homicide is a 2003 American action comedy film starring Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett.	Hollywood Homicide	Harrison Ford	Josh Hartnett
cast member	Childstar is a 2004 comedy film directed and written (with the help of Michael Goldbach) by Don McKellar.	Childstar	Don McKellar
cast member	Britney Rears is a pornographic film franchise revolving around its titular character, who has been played by both Jessica Sweet (films 1 and 2) and Hillary Scott (films 3 and 4).	Britney Rears	Jessica Sweet
cast member	Dheeme Dheeme is a 2009 Bollywood film starring Shiney Ahuja, Priyanka Sharma and Muzammil Ibrahim in the lead roles.	Dheeme Dheeme	Shiney Ahuja
cast member	Ten years later, Stan Laurel would dust off his final shot concept from We Faw Down to end the feature film Block-Heads (1938).	We Faw Down	Stan Laurel
cast member	Mr Firecul is a 2004 British short film starring footballer David Ginola.	Mr Firecul	David Ginola
cast member	Take Me to Hollywood (Spanish:Yo quiero que me lleven a Hollywood) is a 1931 Spanish comedy film directed by Edgar Neville, starring Perlita Greco.	Take Me to Hollywood	Perlita Greco
cast member	Cooper played a United States Navy physician, Lt. Charles J. ``Chick'' Hennesey, with Abby Dalton as Navy nurse Lt. Martha Hale.	Hennesey	Abby Dalton
cast member	Love Wind Love Song (Hangul: 연풍연가; RR: Yeonpung yeonga) is a 1999 South Korean romance film about a Seoul businessman (Jang Dong-gun) who comes to Jeju Island and meets a lonely tour guide (Ko So-young).	Love Wind Love Song	Jang Dong-gun	Ko So-young
cast member	The Kate Logan Affair is a 2010 Canadian drama film starring Alexis Bledel and Laurent Lucas, written and directed by Noël Mitrani about a young psychologically unstable police woman named Kate Logan and a married Frenchman who find themselves caught up in a dramatic twisted affair.	The Kate Logan Affair	Alexis Bledel	Laurent Lucas
cast member	La comadrita (``The Child's Godmother'') is a 1975 Mexican film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco, Fernando Soler, and Sara García.	La comadrita	Sara García
cast member	Lai Shi, China's Last Eunuch, also known as Last Eunuch in China, is a 1988 Hong Kong historical drama film directed by Jacob Cheung in his directorial debut and starring Max Mok in the title role of Liu Lai-shi.	Lai Shi, China's Last Eunuch	Max Mok
cast member	George and Georgette (French:Georges et Georgette) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Roger Le Bon and Reinhold Schünzel and starring Julien Carette, Meg Lemonnier and Anton Walbrook.	George and Georgette	Julien Carette
cast member	Bichunmoo is a South Korean martial arts film written and directed by Kim Young-jun featuring Kim Hee-sun and Shin Hyun-joon.	Bichunmoo	Kim Hee-sun
cast member	San Diego, I Love You is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Jon Hall, Louise Allbritton and Edward Everett Horton.	San Diego, I Love You	Jon Hall
cast member	The Beauty of Cadiz (French:La belle de Cadix, Spanish:La bella de Cádiz) is a 1953 French-Spanish musical comedy film directed by Raymond Bernard and Eusebio Fernández Ardavín and starring Luis Mariano, Carmen Sevilla and Jean Tissier.	The Beauty of Cadiz	Luis Mariano
cast member	Mein Ek Din Laut Kay Aaoon Ga (Urdu: میں ایک دن لوٹ کے آؤں گا‎) is a Lollywood Urdu film starring Humayun Saeed, Nadeem, Nausheen Ali Sarder, Pooja Kanwal and Javed Sheikh.	Mein Ek Din Laut Kay Aaoon Ga	Humayun Saeed	Pooja Kanwal
cast member	Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan is a 1978 Hindi Language film, directed by Saeed Akhtar Mirza and starring Dilip Dhawan, Anjali Paigankar, Sriram Lagoo and Om Puri.	Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan	Om Puri
cast member	Red Firecracker, Green Firecracker (Chinese: 炮打双灯; pinyin: Pào dǎ shuāng dēng) is a 1994 film directed by He Ping, starring Ning Jing, Wu Gang, Zhao Xiaorui, Gao Yang, Xu Zhengyun and Zhao Liang.	Red Firecracker, Green Firecracker	Ning Jing	Wu Gang
cast member	Lady Harrington is a 1926 French silent film directed by Hewitt Claypoole Grantham-Hayes and Fred LeRoy Granville and starring Claude France, Maurice de Féraudy and Warwick Ward.	Lady Harrington	Claude France
cast member	L'oro del mondo (Italian for The gold of the world) is a 1968 Italian musicarello film directed by Aldo Grimaldi and starring Al Bano and Romina Power.	L'oro del mondo	Romina Power
cast member	Suzie Gold is a 2004 British film starring American actress, Summer Phoenix.	Suzie Gold	Summer Phoenix
cast member	Bryllupet (English: The wedding) is a 2000 Norwegian drama film directed by Leidulv Risan, starring Mads Ousdal and Susan Badrkhan.	Bryllupet	Mads Ousdal
cast member	Artisten (aka Harry Piel's 100. film or Prince of the arena) is a German circus movie from 1934 to 1935 starring Susi Lanner, Hans Junkermann, Hilde Hildebrand and Harry Piel, who also acted as director.	Artisten	Harry Piel	Susi Lanner	Hans Junkermann	Hilde Hildebrand
cast member	Akbar Salim Anarkali is a 1979 Telugu, Historical film produced & directed by N. T. Rama Rao on his Ramakrishna Cine Studios banner.	Akbar Salim Anarkali	N. T. Rama Rao
cast member	Three Fables of Love (French: Les Quatre Vérités, Italian: Le quattro verità, Spanish: Las cuatro verdades) is a 1962 internationally co-produced comedy film starring Anna Karina.	Three Fables of Love	Anna Karina
cast member	El Gezeira (``The Island'', Arabic: الجزيرة‎) is a 2007 action-thriller Egyptian film, starring Ahmed El Sakka, Mahmoud Yacine, Hend Sabri and Khaled Elsawy and directed by Sherif Arafa.	El Gezeira	Ahmed El Sakka	Mahmoud Yacine	Hend Sabri
cast member	Diggstown, also known as Midnight Sting, is a 1992 American sports comedy drama film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring James Woods, Louis Gossett, Jr. and Bruce Dern.	Diggstown	James Woods	Louis Gossett	Bruce Dern
cast member	Minnunnathellam Ponnalla (Malayalam: മിന്നുന്നതെല്ലാം പൊന്നല്ല, English: Everything That Glitters Is Not Gold) is a 1957 Indian Malayalamaction film directed by R. Velappan Nair based on Raj Khosla's 1956 film CID and starring Sathyan, P. K. Sathyapal and Kumari Thankam.	Minnunnathellam Ponnalla	Sathyan
cast member	Kabzaa is a 1988 Bollywood action/drama film starring Sanjay Dutt, Raj Babbar and Paresh Rawal.	Kabzaa	Sanjay Dutt
cast member	Jeene Ki Arzoo is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajasekhar for AVM Productions, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rati Agnihotri, Rakesh Roshan, Sujit Kumar and Rajendranath.	Jeene Ki Arzoo	Mithun Chakraborty	Rati Agnihotri	Rakesh Roshan	Sujit Kumar
cast member	Mine tossede drenge is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Marguerite Viby.	Mine tossede drenge	Marguerite Viby
cast member	The Dungeonmaster, (originally, Ragewar: The Challenges of Excalibrate and Digital Knights), is a 1984 low-budget science fiction/fantasy film, rated PG-13, starring Jeffrey Byron, Richard Moll and Leslie Wing.	The Dungeonmaster	Richard Moll	Leslie Wing
cast member	6,000 Enemies is a 1939 American drama film starring Walter Pidgeon as a successful District Attorney who is framed on charge of bribery.	6,000 Enemies	Walter Pidgeon
cast member	D.C. Sniper is a 2010 American direct-to-video drama-thriller film directed by Ulli Lommel and written by Lommel and Ken Foree.	D.C. Sniper	Ken Foree
cast member	Erotic Inferno is a 1975 British sex film, directed by Trevor Wrenn, and starring Chris Chittell, Karl Lanchbury, Jennifer Westbrook, Heather Deeley and Mary Millington (under her married name Mary Maxted).	Erotic Inferno	Chris Chittell
cast member	Feds is a 1988 American comedy film written and directed by Daniel Goldberg, and starring Rebecca De Mornay and Mary Gross.	Feds	Rebecca De Mornay	Mary Gross
cast member	With Love to the Person Next to Me is a 1987 film starring Kym Gyngell.	With Love to the Person Next to Me	Kym Gyngell
cast member	In Harihar Nagar is a 1990 Malayalam comedy-thriller film written and directed by the duo Siddique-Lal.	In Harihar Nagar	Siddique
cast member	Payum Puli is a Malayalam language action comedy film directed by Mohan Kupleri, starring Kalabhavan Mani, Rambha, Saikumar, Chandra Lakshman etc. It was released in 2007.	Payum Puli	Kalabhavan Mani
cast member	Three Telegrams (French:Trois télégrammes) is a 1950 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Gérard Gervais, Pierrette Simonet and Olivier Hussenot.	Three Telegrams	Olivier Hussenot
cast member	The Party at Kitty and Stud's, better known under the alternative title Italian Stallion, is a 1970 American softcore adult film and is Sylvester Stallone's film debut and also first starring role, for which he worked two days and was paid $200.	The Party at Kitty and Stud's	Sylvester Stallone
cast member	Sherlock Holmes in New York is a 1976 television film about Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson, played by Roger Moore and Patrick Macnee, respectively.	Sherlock Holmes in New York	Roger Moore	Patrick Macnee
cast member	The Widowmaker is a 1990 made for television film starring Annabelle Apsion, Alun Armstrong, David Morrissey and Kenneth Welsh.	The Widowmaker	Annabelle Apsion	Alun Armstrong	David Morrissey	Kenneth Welsh
cast member	The Great Chess Movie (original French title Jouer sa vie) is a 1982 Canadian film directed by Gilles Carle and Camille Coudari, starring Bobby Fischer, Viktor Korchnoi, Anatoly Karpov and Ljubomir Ljubojević among other notable chess players.	The Great Chess Movie	Bobby Fischer
cast member	Truth in the Wilderness is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring Charlotte Burton and George Periolat, J. Warren Kerrigan and Jack Richardson.	Truth in the Wilderness	Charlotte Burton	George Periolat	J. Warren Kerrigan	Jack Richardson
cast member	Chairman George is a 73-minute 2005 Canadian documentary film about the Greek Canadian musician / troubadour and statistician George Sapounidis.	Chairman George	George Sapounidis
cast member	Kadhal Kottai is a 1996 Tamil romance film directed by Agathiyan, in which Ajith Kumar and Devayani play lead roles, apart from Heera Rajgopal, Thalaivasal Vijay, and Karan who played important roles.	Kadhal Kottai	Ajith Kumar	Devayani	Karan
cast member	Made for Love is a 1926 silent film drama directed by Paul Sloane, produced by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Leatrice Joy.	Made for Love	Leatrice Joy
cast member	Thy Womb (Tagalog: Sinapupunan) is a 2012 Filipino drama film starring Nora Aunor, Bembol Roco, Mercedes Cabral, and Lovi Poe.	Thy Womb	Nora Aunor	Bembol Roco	Lovi Poe
cast member	Fit for a King is a 1937 American film starring Joe E. Brown and directed by Edward Sedgwick.	Fit for a King	Joe E. Brown
cast member	Pros & Cons (sometimes written as Pros and Cons) is a 1999 comedy film starring Larry Miller (who also wrote the screenplay) and Tommy Davidson.	Pros & Cons	Tommy Davidson
cast member	Summer's Blood (also known as Summer and Summer's Moon) is a Canadian horror film starring Ashley Greene.	Summer's Blood	Ashley Greene
cast member	An American Affair is an independent film starring Gretchen Mol, James Rebhorn, Noah Wyle, Perrey Reeves, Mark Pellegrino, and Cameron Bright, which was released theatrically by Screen Media Films on February 27, 2009.	An American Affair	Gretchen Mol	James Rebhorn	Noah Wyle	Perrey Reeves	Mark Pellegrino	Cameron Bright
cast member	The Pride of the Fancy is a British silent motion picture of 1920 directed by Richard Garrick and Albert Ward, produced by G. B. Samuelson, and starring Rex Davis, Daisy Burrell and Tom Reynolds.	The Pride of the Fancy	Rex Davis	Daisy Burrell
cast member	The Pride of the Fancy is a British silent motion picture of 1920 directed by Albert Ward, produced by G. B. Samuelson, and starring Owen Nares and Daisy Burrell.	The Pride of the Fancy	Owen Nares	Daisy Burrell
cast member	The Madonna and the Dragon (also known as Tinikling ou 'La Madonne et le Dragon') is a 1990 film written and directed by Samuel Fuller and starring Jennifer Beals.	The Madonna and the Dragon	Jennifer Beals
cast member	The Skyrocket is a 1926 American silent romantic drama film directed by Marshall Neilan, and starring Peggy Hopkins Joyce.	The Skyrocket	Peggy Hopkins Joyce
cast member	The Love War (1970) is a science fiction ABC Movie of the Week starring Lloyd Bridges as an alien warrior and Angie Dickinson as the woman he befriends.	The Love War	Lloyd Bridges	Angie Dickinson
cast member	Escape to Danger is a 1943 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and Victor Hanbury and starring Eric Portman, Ann Dvorak and Karel Stepanek.	Escape to Danger	Eric Portman
cast member	Saturday's Children is a 1940 American drama film directed by Vincent Sherman and starring John Garfield, Anne Shirley, and Claude Rains.	Saturday's Children	John Garfield	Anne Shirley	Claude Rains
cast member	A Christmas Melody, also known under its working title of Mistletoe & Melody, is a 2015 American Christmas television film and the feature film directorial debut of Mariah Carey, who co-stars with Lacey Chabert.	A Christmas Melody	Lacey Chabert
cast member	The Incredible Shrinking Man is a 1957 American black-and-white science fiction film from Universal-International, produced by Albert Zugsmith, directed by Jack Arnold, and starring Grant Williams and Randy Stuart.	The Incredible Shrinking Man	Grant Williams	Randy Stuart
cast member	Deep Cover is a 1992 American neo-noir crime thriller film starring Laurence Fishburne (this being the last film in which Fishburne was credited as ``Larry'') and Jeff Goldblum and directed by veteran actor Bill Duke.	Deep Cover	Jeff Goldblum
cast member	To the Fore (traditional Chinese: 破風; simplified Chinese: 破风) is a 2015 Hong Kong-Chinese sports drama film directed by Dante Lam and starring Eddie Peng, Shawn Dou, Choi Siwon and Wang Luodan.	To the Fore	Eddie Peng	Shawn Dou	Choi Siwon	Wang Luodan
cast member	Tom & Thomas (UK title: The Christmas Twins) is a 2002 English-language family film starring Aaron Johnson and Sean Bean.	Tom & Thomas	Aaron Johnson	Sean Bean
cast member	Si Agimat, si Enteng Kabisote at si Ako (lit. Agimat, Enteng Kabisote, and Me) is a 2012 fantasy action film starring Vic Sotto, Bong Revilla, Jr. and Judy Ann Santos.	Si Agimat, si Enteng Kabisote at si Ako	Vic Sotto	Judy Ann Santos
cast member	A Modern Hero is a 1934 American drama film starring Richard Barthelmess and directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.	A Modern Hero	Richard Barthelmess
cast member	Shadow of the Wolf (also known as Agaguk) is a 1992 French-Canadian adventure film directed by Jacques Dorfmann and Pierre Magny and starring Lou Diamond Phillips, Toshiro Mifune, Jennifer Tilly, and Donald Sutherland.	Shadow of the Wolf	Lou Diamond Phillips
cast member	Little Athens is a 2005 American independent film directed by Tom Zuber, which stars John Patrick Amedori, Erica Leerhsen, DJ Qualls, Rachel Miner, Eric Szmanda, Michael Peña, and more.	Little Athens	John Patrick Amedori	Erica Leerhsen	DJ Qualls	Rachel Miner	Michael Peña
cast member	Angels' Alley is the only Bowery Boys films in which Gabriel Dell is given a different character name.	Angels' Alley	Gabriel Dell
cast member	The Mended Lute is a 1909 silent short western film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Florence Lawrence.	The Mended Lute	Florence Lawrence
cast member	Der Schuß durchs Fenster is a 1950 Austrian drama film directed, written by and starring Siegfried Breuer with Curd Jürgens .	Der Schuß durchs Fenster	Siegfried Breuer	Curd Jürgens
cast member	The Son of the Sheik is a 1926 American silent adventure/drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Rudolph Valentino and Vilma Bánky.	The Son of the Sheik	Rudolph Valentino	Vilma Bánky
cast member	Sex Kittens Go to College (also known as Beauty and the Robot) is a 1960 American comedy film starring Mamie Van Doren, Tuesday Weld and Mijanou Bardot.	Sex Kittens Go to College	Mamie Van Doren
cast member	The Wild Affair is a 1963 British comedy film written and directed by John Krish and starring Nancy Kwan, Terry-Thomas, Jimmy Logan, Gladys Morgan, and Betty Marsden.	The Wild Affair	Nancy Kwan	Terry-Thomas	Gladys Morgan	Betty Marsden
cast member	The Beggar Child is a 1914 American silent short film directed by William Desmond Taylor, starring Ed Coxen, John Steppling, and Winifred Greenwood.	The Beggar Child	John Steppling	Winifred Greenwood
cast member	Osuofia in London is a 2003 Nigerian comedy film written and directed by Kingsley Ogoro and starring Nkem Owoh.	Osuofia in London	Nkem Owoh
cast member	M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi is a 2004 Tamil family-drama film directed by M. Raja, starring Jayam Ravi, Asin Thottumkal, Prakash Raj, Nadhiya in the lead roles while Vivek, Subbaraju and Janagaraj play supporting roles.	M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi	Jayam Ravi	Asin	Prakash Raj	Nadhiya	Vivek	Subbaraju	Janagaraj
cast member	Ne quittez pas ! is a French comedy film directed by Arthur Joffé, released in 2004.	Ne quittez pas !	Arthur Joffé
cast member	Sign of the Pagan is a 1954 film starring Jeff Chandler about Attila the Hun (Jack Palance) and his invasion of Rome.	Sign of the Pagan	Jeff Chandler	Jack Palance
cast member	Inang Yaya (Mother Nanny) is a 2006 film directed by ``Pablo Biglang-awa'' and ``Veronica Velasco'' and stars Maricel Soriano as Norma, a nanny who has to choose between Ruby (Tala Santos, her daughter) or Louise (Erika Oreta, the girl who she takes care of).	Inang Yaya	Maricel Soriano
cast member	Microwave Massacre is a 1983 black comedy horror film directed by Wayne Berwick and starring Jackie Vernon in his final feature film role.	Microwave Massacre	Jackie Vernon
cast member	Aap Ke Deewane (English: Crazy for You) is a 1979 Bollywood, Romantic film produced by Vimal Kumar on Film Krafts banner & presented by Rakesh Roshan and directed by Surendera Mohan.	Aap Ke Deewane	Rakesh Roshan
cast member	The Labour Leader is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Fred Groves, Fay Compton and Owen Nares.	The Labour Leader	Fred Groves	Fay Compton	Owen Nares
cast member	Dead Season (Russian: Мёртвый сезон, translit. Myortvyy sezon) is a 1968 Soviet spy film directed by Savva Kulish based on a screenplay by Aleksandr Shlepyanov and Vladimir Vajnshtok and featuring Donatas Banionis and Rolan Bykov.	Dead Season	Donatas Banionis	Rolan Bykov
cast member	The Captain and His Hero (German:Der Hauptmann und sein Held) is a 1955 West German drama film directed by Max Nosseck and starring Ernst Schröder, Jo Herbst and Fita Benkhoff.	The Captain and His Hero	Ernst Schröder
cast member	No More Love, No More Death is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Herman Yau and starring Jacky Cheung, Rosamund Kwan and Carina Lau.	No More Love, No More Death	Jacky Cheung
cast member	Bloodhounds of the North is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Murdock MacQuarrie, Pauline Bush, and Lon Chaney.	Bloodhounds of the North	Murdock MacQuarrie	Pauline Bush	Lon Chaney
cast member	It stars Paul Dano as an anxious novelist whose fictional character, Ruby Sparks, played by Kazan, comes to life.	Ruby Sparks	Paul Dano
cast member	A Bullet for Joey is a 1955 film noir directed by Lewis Allen and starring Edward G. Robinson and George Raft.	A Bullet for Joey	Edward G. Robinson	George Raft
cast member	Cougars, Inc., developed under the title Mother's Little Helpers and displayed in the title shot as Cougars Inc., is an American independent comedy written and directed by Asher Levin about a college-age teenager, played by Kyle Gallner, and his friends' adventures as escorts to attractive older women.	Cougars, Inc.	Kyle Gallner
cast member	Sobreviviré (English: I Will Survive) is a 1999 comedy-drama romance film directed by Alfonso Albacete and David Menkes, starring Emma Suárez and Juan Diego Botto, playing a straight girl and a gay guy who fall in love.	Sobreviviré	Emma Suárez	Juan Diego Botto
cast member	Captain Newman, M.D. is a 1963 American film starring Gregory Peck, Tony Curtis, Angie Dickinson, Robert Duvall, Eddie Albert and Bobby Darin.	Captain Newman, M.D.	Gregory Peck	Tony Curtis	Angie Dickinson	Robert Duvall	Eddie Albert	Bobby Darin
cast member	Street of Women is a 1932 pre-Code romantic drama starring Kay Francis and Roland Young.	Street of Women	Kay Francis	Roland Young
cast member	The Rewrite is a 2014 American romantic comedy film starring Hugh Grant as a washed-up screenwriter who begins teaching at a state university and Marisa Tomei as a single mom with whom the screenwriter finds romance.	The Rewrite	Hugh Grant
cast member	Kuro Arirang (Hangul: 구로아리랑; RR: Guro Arirang) is a 1989 South Korean film by Park Jong-won which stars Ok So-ri and Lee Geung-young and marks the debut of Choi Min-sik and Shin Eun-kyung.	Kuro Arirang	Ok So-ri	Choi Min-sik
cast member	The film starred William Garwood, Marguerite Snow as The Buddhist Priestess, Marie Eline and Florence La Badie.	The Buddhist Priestess	William Garwood	Marguerite Snow	Marie Eline	Florence La Badie
cast member	Track of Thunder is a 1967 stock car racing film starring Tommy Kirk.	Track of Thunder	Tommy Kirk
cast member	Claudine's Return is a movie released in 1998 starring Christina Applegate.	Claudine's Return	Christina Applegate
cast member	A Gamblin' Fool is a 1920 short Western film released by Universal Film Mfg. Co. (later to become Universal Pictures), written by Ford Beebe, directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson.	A Gamblin' Fool	Hoot Gibson
cast member	One Is Business, the Other Crime is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.	One Is Business, the Other Crime	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Romance on the High Seas, known in the United Kingdom as It's Magic, is a 1948 Technicolor musical romantic comedy film directed by Michael Curtiz, and starred Jack Carson, Janis Paige, Don DeFore and Doris Day in her film debut.	Romance on the High Seas	Jack Carson	Janis Paige	Don DeFore	Doris Day
cast member	Saptaswaralu or Sapta Swaralu (Telugu: సప్తస్వరాలు) is a 1969 Telugu film directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah and produced by famous actor Tadepalli Lakshmi Kanta Rao under the banner Hema Films.	Saptaswaralu	Kanta Rao
cast member	The adventures of Ginger Mick (Gilbert Emery) take him from slums and backyards to lock-ups and racecourses.	Ginger Mick	Gilbert Emery
cast member	Released in 1959, The World of Apu focuses on Apu's adult life, and also introduces the actors Soumitra Chatterjee and Sharmila Tagore, who would go on to appear in many subsequent Ray films.	The World of Apu	Soumitra Chatterjee	Sharmila Tagore
cast member	The Loves of Hercules is a 1960 Italian/French international co-production epic fantasy-feature film starring Jayne Mansfield and her then husband Mickey Hargitay.	The Loves of Hercules	Jayne Mansfield	Mickey Hargitay
cast member	Imbarco a mezzanotte (internationally released as Stranger on the Prowl, also known as Giacomo and Encounter) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Joseph Losey and featuring Paul Muni.	Stranger on the Prowl	Paul Muni
cast member	Footloose Widows is a 1926 silent film feature comedy produced and distributed by Warner Bros., directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Louise Fazenda and Jacqueline Logan.	Footloose Widows	Louise Fazenda
cast member	Vennela (Telugu: వెన్నెల,English: Moonlight) is a 2005 Telugu romantic comedy cult hit film written and directed by Deva Katta, starring Raja and Parvati Melton as well as Sharwanand and Ravi Varma.	Vennela	Parvati Melton	Sharwanand	Ravi Varma
cast member	Sweet Sweet Bodyguard (traditional Chinese: 剩女保鏢; simplified Chinese: 剩女保镖; pinyin: Shèng Nǚ Bǎo Biāo; literally: ``Leftover Girl as Bodyguard''), is a 2012 Taiwanese drama starring Alien Huang and Summer Meng, and directed by Golden Bell Award-winning director Kai Fung.	Sweet Sweet Bodyguard	Alien Huang	Summer Meng
cast member	Gumnaam (translation: Unknown or Anonymous) is a 1965 Indian suspense thriller film directed by Raja Nawathe, starring Manoj Kumar, Nanda, Pran, Helen and Mehmood.	Gumnaam	Manoj Kumar	Nanda	Pran	Helen
cast member	Zooni is an unreleased Hindi-language Indian film directed by Muzaffar Ali, starring Vinod Khanna and Dimple Kapadia.	Zooni	Vinod Khanna
cast member	He Was Her Man is a 1934 American Pre-Code mob film starring James Cagney, Joan Blondell, and Victor Jory.	He Was Her Man	James Cagney	Joan Blondell	Victor Jory
cast member	Tadipaar is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Mahesh Bhatt starring Mithun Chakraborty, Pooja Bhatt in lead roles, along with Juhi Chawla in a special appearance.	Tadipaar	Mithun Chakraborty	Pooja Bhatt	Juhi Chawla
cast member	While She Was Out is a 2008 American thriller film starring Kim Basinger and Lukas Haas.	While She Was Out	Kim Basinger	Lukas Haas
cast member	A Free Soul stars Norma Shearer, Leslie Howard, Lionel Barrymore, and Clark Gable (the first screen appearance together of the future Ashley Wilkes and Rhett Butler).	A Free Soul	Norma Shearer	Leslie Howard	Lionel Barrymore	Clark Gable
cast member	Whistling in Dixie is a 1942 crime comedy film, the second of three starring Red Skelton as murder mystery writer and amateur crime solver Wally Benton (aka. The Fox) and Ann Rutherford as his fiancee.	Whistling in Dixie	Red Skelton	Ann Rutherford
cast member	Aye Auto (Malayalam: ഏയ്‌ ഓട്ടോ) is a 1990 Malayalam romantic-musical film directed by Venu Nagavalli and starring Mohanlal and Rekha in the lead roles.	Aye Auto	Mohanlal	Rekha
cast member	What's Your Number? is a 2011 romantic comedy film starring Anna Faris and Chris Evans.	What's Your Number?	Anna Faris	Chris Evans
cast member	Barbara La Marr - Mona Reid/ The White Moth Conway Tearle - Vantine Morley Charles de Rochefort - Gonzalo Montrez (*billed Charles de roche) Ben Lyon - Douglas Morley Edna Murphy - Gwendolyn Dallas Josie Sedgwick - Ninon Aurel Kathleen Kirkham - Mrs. Delancey William Orlamond - Tothnes	The White Moth	Conway Tearle	Charles de Rochefort	Edna Murphy	William Orlamond
cast member	Starshaped is a 1993 documentary film on the British band Blur.	Starshaped	Blur
cast member	Hit! is a 1973 action film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Billy Dee Williams and Richard Pryor.	Hit!	Billy Dee Williams	Richard Pryor
cast member	True Nobility is a 1916 American silent drama directed by Donald MacDonald starring Helene Rosson and Forrest Taylor.	True Nobility	Helene Rosson	Forrest Taylor
cast member	Little Man Tate is a 1991 drama film directed by and starring Jodie Foster.	Little Man Tate	Jodie Foster
cast member	Daughters of Pleasure is a 1924 American silent romantic comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Marie Prevost and Monte Blue.	Daughters of Pleasure	Marie Prevost	Monte Blue
cast member	Tootsies and Tamales is a 1919 American silent 2-reel comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Tootsies and Tamales	Oliver Hardy
cast member	The Venus Model is a 1918 American silent romantic comedy film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Clarence G. Badger.	The Venus Model	Mabel Normand
cast member	Can This Be Dixie? is a 1936 American film featuring child star Jane Withers.	Can This Be Dixie?	Jane Withers
cast member	Third Star is a 2010 British drama film directed by Hattie Dalton and starring Benedict Cumberbatch, JJ Feild, Tom Burke, Adam Robertson, and Hugh Bonneville.	Third Star	Benedict Cumberbatch	JJ Feild	Tom Burke	Hugh Bonneville
cast member	Voyage of the Unicorn is a 2001 television film starring Beau Bridges, Chantal Conlin and Heather McEwen.	Voyage of the Unicorn	Beau Bridges	Chantal Conlin	Heather McEwen
cast member	Praja (English: Citizen) is a 2001 Malayalam crime thriller film by Joshiy starring Mohanlal, N. F. Varghese, Cochin Haneefa and Aishwarya.	Praja	Mohanlal	Cochin Haneefa	Aishwarya
cast member	Au Secours! is a 1924 short comedy film directed by Abel Gance and starring Max Linder.	Au Secours!	Max Linder
cast member	Kavacham is a 1992 Malayalam Indian film directed by K. Madhu, starring Raghuvaran in lead role.	Kavacham	Raghuvaran
cast member	The Veterinarian's Adopted Children (Danish: Dyrlægens plejebørn) is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.	The Veterinarian's Adopted Children	Dirch Passer
cast member	Evil Streets is a 1998 American B movie indy horror film co-directed by Terry R. Wickham and Joseph F. Parda, starring SaRenna Lee, Joe Zaso, and Tina Krause.	Evil Streets	SaRenna Lee	Joe Zaso	Tina Krause
cast member	Perfect Understanding is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Cyril Gardner and starring Laurence Olivier, Gloria Swanson and John Halliday.	Perfect Understanding	Laurence Olivier	Gloria Swanson	John Halliday
cast member	Last Assassins is the pay-cable, syndication and DVD release title of the 1997 action film Dusting Cliff 7 starring Nancy Allen and Lance Henriksen.	Last Assassins	Nancy Allen	Lance Henriksen
cast member	The Extra Day is a 1956 British comedy film starring Richard Basehart, Simone Simon, George Baker and Sid James.	The Extra Day	Richard Basehart
cast member	She's Out of Control is an independent American 1989 coming of age comedy film starring Tony Danza, Ami Dolenz and Catherine Hicks.	She's Out of Control	Tony Danza	Ami Dolenz	Catherine Hicks
cast member	Kenny (Michael Weston) witnesses the Evil Alien Conquerors, My-ik (Diedrich Bader) and Du-ug (Chris Parnell), as they arrive on Earth, literally falling out of the sky with their beheading swords.	Evil Alien Conquerors	Michael Weston	Diedrich Bader	Chris Parnell
cast member	Blind Terror is a 2001 suspense thriller starring Nastassja Kinski, Stewart Bick and Gordon Pinsent.	Blind Terror	Nastassja Kinski	Gordon Pinsent
cast member	All for Peggy is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	All for Peggy	Lon Chaney
cast member	Paris at Midnight is a surviving 1926 silent film drama starring Jetta Goudal and Lionel Barrymore and was directed by E. Mason Hopper.	Paris at Midnight	Jetta Goudal	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	Traces of Red is a 1992 crime drama film that stars James Belushi, Lorraine Bracco and Tony Goldwyn.	Traces of Red	Lorraine Bracco	Tony Goldwyn
child	This tomb would later hold the bodies of Rainiharo's two sons, Rainivoninahitriniony and Rainilaiarivony, who would each succeed him as Commander-in-Chief, Prime Minister and consort.	Rainiharo	Rainivoninahitriniony	Rainilaiarivony
child	The Collected Papers of Milman Parry, edited by Adam Parry, his son (Oxford University Press, 1971).	Milman Parry	Adam Parry
conflict	Wilburn Hill King (June 10, 1839 -- December 12, 1910) was a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War (Civil War).	Wilburn Hill King	American Civil War
conflict	Captain Ernest James Salter was a Canadian World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories.	Ernest James Salter	World War I
conflict	Alfred Thomas Archimedes Torbert (July 1, 1833 -- August 29, 1880) was a career United States Army officer, a Union Army General commanding both infantry and cavalry forces in the American Civil War, and a U.S. diplomat.	Alfred Thomas Archimedes Torbert	American Civil War
conflict	Hatzimichalis Dalianis (Greek: Χατζημιχάλης Νταλιάνης, 1775--1828) was a commander of the Greek War of Independence (1821--1830) and revolutionary leader in Crete in 1828.	Hatzimichalis Dalianis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	USS Albemarle (1863) was a screw steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Albemarle (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	William R. Jecelin (May 6, 1930 -- September 19, 1950) was a soldier in the United States Army who posthumously received the United States military's highest decoration for bravery, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Korean War.	William R. Jecelin	Korean War
conflict	Jean Isidore Harispe, 1st Comte Harispe (7 December 1768 -- 26 May 1855) was a distinguished French soldier of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, as well as a of the following period.	Jean Isidore Harispe	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Karl-Ehrhart Karcher (3 January 1918 in Remscheid -- 12 March 1973 in Freistett) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Karl-Ehrhart Karcher	World War II
conflict	François Louis Dedon-Duclos (21 October 1762 -- 19 January 1830) was a French military commander of the Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	François Louis Dedon-Duclos	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Matthew Arther (or Arthur) (1835 - 1890) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battles of Fort Henry and Fort Donelson.	Matthew Arther	American Civil War
conflict	Major Alexander MacDonald Shook was a Canadian World War I flying ace.	Alexander MacDonald Shook	World War I
conflict	A salesman in Algiers, Claude Piegts belonged to the Commando Delta under the orders of Lieutenant Roger Degueldre during the Algerian War.	Claude Piegts	Algerian War
conflict	George Prance (1827 -- unknown) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy during the American Civil War.	George Prance	American Civil War
conflict	Hans Hirning (14 November 1922 -- 30 April 1945) was an Oberscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hans Hirning	World War II
conflict	Milton Montgomery (May 3, 1825 -- May 23, 1897) was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was nominated and confirmed for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general in 1866.	Milton Montgomery	American Civil War
conflict	Juan Luis Beigbeder y Atienza (Cartagena, Spain, 31 March 1888 - Madrid, 6 June 1957) was a Spanish military and political leader who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs during the rule of Francisco Franco between 1939 and 1940, just after the Spanish Civil War.	Juan Luis Beigbeder y Atienza	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Charles Garrison Harker (December 2, 1837 -- June 27, 1864) was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Charles Garrison Harker	American Civil War
conflict	Vittorio Ambrosio (28 July 1879 -- 19 November 1958) was an Italian general who served in the Italo-Turkish War, World War I, and World War II. During the latter conflict, Ambrosio served an instrumental role in the fall of Benito Mussolini and the eventual Italian renunciation of its alliance with Germany.	Vittorio Ambrosio	Italo-Turkish War	World War I
conflict	Albert Desbrisay Carter DSO & Bar (2 June 1892 -- 22 May 1919) was a Canadian World War I flying ace credited with 28 victories.	Albert Desbrisay Carter	World War I
conflict	Hugh Boyle Ewing, (October 31, 1826 -- June 30, 1905), was a diplomat, author, attorney, and Union Army general during the American Civil War.	Hugh Boyle Ewing	American Civil War
conflict	Reinhard König (30 March 1909, in Hanau -- 28 March 1998, in Bischofsheim) was a German chief engineer on a U-boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Reinhard König	World War II
conflict	Rev. John G. Burkhalter, was a Baptist minister and highly decorated chaplain who served in World War II and the Korean War.	John G. Burkhalter	World War II	Korean War
conflict	Simon Achikgyozyan (Armenian: Սիմոն Աչիկգյոզյան, 6 February 1939 -- 30 April 1991) was one of the earliest Armenian military commanders during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.	Simon Achikgyozyan	Nagorno-Karabakh War
conflict	The SCR-245 Radio was a mobile Signal Corps Radio used by the U.S. Army before and during World War II, for short range ground communications, It was one of the first crystal sets used by the Army.	SCR-245	World War II
conflict	Eberhard Stephan (7 July 1910 -- 22 October 2008) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an Oberstleutnant in the Bundeswehr.	Eberhard Stephan	World War II
conflict	William Birney (May 28, 1819 -- August 14, 1907) was a professor, Union Army general during the American Civil War, attorney and author.	William Birney	American Civil War
conflict	Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈlasaɾo ˈkarðenas); May 21, 1895 -- October 19, 1970) was a general in the Mexican Revolution and an able statesman who served as President of Mexico between 1934 and 1940.	Lázaro Cárdenas	Mexican Revolution
conflict	David Rubitsky, (January 29, 1917 -- June 28, 2013) was an American veteran of World War II who claimed he was denied the Medal of Honor because he is Jewish.	David Rubitsky	World War II
conflict	Captain Leslie William Burbidge DFC (born 10 March 1891, Bexhill-on-Sea, Sussex, England, date and place of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	Leslie William Burbidge	World War I
conflict	Wolfgang Böwing-Treuding (28 January 1922 -- 11 February 1943) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Böwing-Treuding claimed 46 aerial victories, all 46 were over the Eastern Front.	Wolfgang Böwing-Treuding	Eastern Front
conflict	José Inés Salazar (1884-1917) was a leading Orozquista General in the Mexican Revolution.	José Inés Salazar	Mexican Revolution
conflict	The Baker rifle (officially known as the Pattern 1800 Infantry Rifle) was a flintlock rifle used by the Rifle regiments of the British Army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Baker rifle	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Heinrich Graf von Einsiedel (26 July 1921 -- 18 July 2007) was a German journalist, politician, and World War II Luftwaffe ace.	Heinrich Graf von Einsiedel	World War II
constellation	BD-10°3166 is a K-type main sequence star approximately 218 light-years away in the constellation of Crater.	BD-10°3166	Crater
constellation	HD 115310, also known by its Bayer designation r Centauri (r Cen), is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 115310	Centaurus
continent	Hoek Glacier (66°0′S 65°4′W) is a glacier flowing into Dimitrov Cove northeast of Veshka Point on the northwest coast of Velingrad Peninsula on Graham Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, southward of the Llanquihue Islands.	Hoek Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fowler Knoll (84°47′S 99°14′W) is a notable snow-covered knoll, 2,465 metres (8,090 ft) high, with an abrupt south-facing cliff, in the west-central part of the Havola Escarpment, Antarctica.	Fowler Knoll	Antarctica
country	Darreh Sohrab (Persian: دره سهراب‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sohrāb) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Sohrab	Iran
country	Serejeqa (Tigrinya: ሰረጃቓ?) is a town in the Anseba Region of Eritrea.	Serejeqa	Eritrea
country	Cesny-aux-Vignes-Ouézy was a commune of France, created on 1 January 1972 from the amalgamation of the communes of Cesny-aux-Vignes and Ouézy.	Cesny-aux-Vignes-Ouézy	France
country	Vester Voldgade (lit. ``West Rampart Street'') is a street in Copenhagen, Denmark which runs from Jarmers Plads to the waterfront between Frederiksholms Kanal and Langebro, passing the City Hall Square on the way.	Vester Voldgade	Denmark
country	Vaala Airfield is an airfield in Vaala, Finland, about 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-southwest from Vaala municipal centre.	Vaala Airfield	Finland
country	Kuntur (Quechua for condor, hispanicized spelling Condor) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Kuntur	Peru
country	The University of Jaffna (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணப் பல்கலைக்கழகம், Sinhalese: යාපනය විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය, abbreviated UoJ) is a public university in the city of Jaffna in Sri Lanka.	University of Jaffna	Sri Lanka
country	Inauguration of Hungary's first 750 kV substation south of Albertirsa 1995:	Albertirsa	Hungary
country	Arturowo (artuˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Arturowo	Poland
country	The Doel Nuclear Power Station is one of the two nuclear power plants in Belgium.	Doel Nuclear Power Station	Belgium
country	Clinton Conservation Park is a protected area located on the coastline at the north end of Gulf St Vincent in South Australia.	Clinton Conservation Park	Australia
country	Churchill Towers is a complex of two towers in the Business Bay district of Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.	Churchill Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	Jastrzębice (jastʂɛmˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jastrzębice	Poland
country	Sagua de Tánamo (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsaɣwa ðe ˈtamano)) is a municipality and town in the Holguín Province of Cuba.	Sagua de Tánamo	Cuba
country	Zemplínska Nová Ves (Hungarian: Zemplénújfalu) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Zemplínska Nová Ves	Slovakia
country	Fontéchevade is a cave in Charente, France which contains Palaeolithic remains.	Fontéchevade	France
country	Dyrehavsbakken (``The Deer Park's Hill''), commonly referred to as Bakken (``The Hill''), is an amusement park near Klampenborg (Gentofte municipality), but which belongs under Lyngby-Taarbæk Kommune, Denmark, about 10 km north of Copenhagen.	Dyrehavsbakken	Denmark
country	Castigaleu (Spanish: (kastiɣaˈleu); Catalan: (kəstiɣəˈɫɛw), locally: (kastiɣaˈlɛw)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Castigaleu	Spain
country	Isuq (Quechua isu skin sickness caused by a certain mite (mange), -q a suffix, ``affected by mange'', hispanicized spelling Isog) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Isuq	Peru
country	Yekaterinogradskaya (Russian: Екатериногра́дская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Prokhladnensky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located near the confluence of the Malka and Terek Rivers.	Yekaterinogradskaya	Russia
country	Devtamura (or Debtamura) is a hill range in South Tripura district of Tripura, India.	Devtamura	India
country	Ghazaravan (Armenian: Ղազարավան; also, Ghazavan, Nazyrvan, Nazrvan, and Nezrvan) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Ghazaravan	Armenia
country	Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR) is the major federal agency responsible for funding health research in Canada.	Canadian Institutes of Health Research	Canada
country	During the period of the Dutch Revolt, the town sided early on with William I. From 1585 to 1811, the city housed the University of Franeker, which was the second Protestant university in the Netherlands.	Franeker	Netherlands
country	Marldon is a village in the South Hams in Devon, United Kingdom, to the north-west of Paignton.	Marldon	United Kingdom
country	Weissenohe Abbey (Kloster Weißenohe) was a Benedictine monastery in Weissenohe in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria, Germany.	Weissenohe Abbey	Germany
country	Tin Lizzies (or `` De Oude Tuffer '' in Dutch) is a car ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands.	Tin Lizzies	Netherlands
country	Gakovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Гаково) is a village in Serbia.	Gakovo	Serbia
country	Klimusin (kliˈmuɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Klimusin	Poland
country	Sri Manmatha Karuneshvarar Temple (Tamil: ஸ்ரீ மன்மத கருநேஸ்வரர் கோவில்) or Sivan Temple is a Hindu temple for Sri Manmatha Karuneshvarar Sivan or Shiva as the presiding deity located on Kallang Road in Singapore.	Sri Manmatha Karuneshvarar Temple	Singapore
country	Digermulen Church (Norwegian: Digermulen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.	Digermulen Church	Norway
country	Paszowice (paʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Poischwitz) is a village in Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Paszowice	Poland
country	The Zoological Museum Amsterdam (ZMA) was a natural history museum located close to Oosterpark in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Zoological Museum Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Indooroopilly Shopping Centre (formerly Indooroopilly Shoppingtown) is a major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of Indooroopilly in the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Indooroopilly Shopping Centre	Australia
country	Dominican College Sion Hill is one of the oldest girls' secondary schools in Ireland.	Dominican College Sion Hill	Ireland
country	Hrachovo (former name: Hrachou) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Hrachovo	Slovakia
country	Abu al-Duhur (Arabic: أبو الظهور‎; Abu al-Ẓuhur, also spelled Abu al-Thuhur) is a town in northwestern Syria on the edge of the Syrian Desert, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located about 45 kilometers south of Aleppo.	Abu al-Duhur	Syria
country	Inderøya is a peninsula in the Trondheimsfjord which constitutes the eponymous and most populated part of Inderøy, Norway.	Inderøya	Norway
country	Horsh Beirut (Arabic: حرش بيروت) is an urban park in Beirut, Lebanon.	Horsh Beirut	Lebanon
country	Frouckje State is a restaurant in Ryptsjerk in the Netherlands.	Frouckje State	Netherlands
country	The Southern Patagonian Ice Field (Spanish: Hielos Continentales or Campo de Hielo Sur), located at the Southern Patagonic Andes between Argentina and Chile, is the world's second largest contiguous extrapolar ice field.	Southern Patagonian Ice Field	Argentina	Chile
country	The Rennes University Hospital (French: centre hospitalier universitaire de Rennes or CHU Rennes) is a university hospital in Rennes in France.	Rennes University Hospital	France
country	Sofalgaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان سفالگران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Lalejin District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sofalgaran Rural District	Iran
country	Reducin (rɛˈdut͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Reducin	Poland
country	Qur Chaveh (Persian: قورچاوه‎, also Romanized as Qūr Chāveh; also known as Qūrī Chāy) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qur Chaveh	Iran
country	Corbeil-Essonnes (French pronunciation: ​(kɔʁbɛj esɔn)) on the River Seine is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Corbeil-Essonnes	France
country	The Alpe Gera Dam is a gravity dam on the Cormor River 17 km (11 mi) northeast of Sondrio in the Lombardy region of Italy.	Alpe Gera Dam	Italy
country	M'Hamid El Ghizlane (in Berber : ⵜⴰⵔⴰⴳⴰⵍⵜ Taragalt, in Arabic: محاميد الغزلان for 'plain of gazelles') is a small oasis town in southern Morocco (Zagora Province in the Souss-Massa-Draa Region) with about 7500 inhabitants.	M'Hamid El Ghizlane	Morocco
country	Prevalje pod Krimom (pronounced (ˈpɾeːʋaljɛ pɔt ˈkɾiːmɔm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brezovica in central Slovenia.	Prevalje pod Krimom	Slovenia
country	Gradishtë is a municipality in the Fier County, western Albania.	Gradishtë	Albania
country	Greens Pool is a beach on the south coast of Western Australia between Denmark and Walpole.	Greens Pool	Australia
country	Kaštel Gomilica is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia.	Kaštel Gomilica	Croatia
country	Fonoprint is a recording studio located in Bologna, Italy founded in 1976.	Fonoprint	Italy
country	The Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg (Museum of Fine Arts of Strasbourg) is the old masters paintings collection of the city of Strasbourg, located in the Alsace region of France.	Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg	France
country	Cytrynowo (t͡sɨtrɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Cytrynowo	Poland
country	The Canadian Joint Operations Command (CJOC; French: Commandement des opérations interarmées du Canada or COIC) is one of the two unified commands of the Canadian Armed Forces, the other one being the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command.	Canadian Joint Operations Command	Canada
country	Bến Tre ( listen) is the capital city of Bến Tre Province, in the Mekong Delta area of southern Vietnam.	Bến Tre	Vietnam
country	Bažantnice u Pracejovic is a Nature reserve near the town of Strakonice, Strakonice District, in the Czech Republic.	Bažantnice u Pracejovic	Czech Republic
country	Techobanine is a coastal village in Mozambique.	Techobanine	Mozambique
country	Paunevan (Persian: پاونوان‎, also Romanized as Pāūnevān) is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Paunevan	Iran
country	Mers Sultan (Arabic: مرس السلطان‎) is an arrondissement of Casablanca, in the Al Fida - Mers Sultan district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Mers Sultan	Morocco
country	Cheras Highway, Federal Route also known as Jalan Cheras and Jalan Loke Yew is a major highway in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Cheras Highway	Malaysia
country	The University of Ostrava (Czech Ostravská univerzita v Ostravě) is situated in the city of Ostrava, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	University of Ostrava	Czech Republic
country	Nagu (Swedish pronunciation: (naːɡʉ); Finnish: Nauvo, (ˈnɑuʋo)) is a former municipality of Finland.	Nagu	Finland
country	Nabuyongo Island, also known as Godsiba, is a small island in Lake Victoria, Tanzania.	Nabuyongo Island	Tanzania
country	Tsévié is a city and canton in the Maritime Region of Togo.	Tsévié	Togo
country	The Porta San Paolo (San Paolo Gate) is one of the southern gates in the 3rd-century Aurelian Walls of Rome, Italy.	Porta San Paolo	Italy
country	Tsimbeo (or Tsémbehou) is a town located on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros.	Tsimbeo	Comoros
country	Balatonederics is a small resort town next to Lake Balaton in Hungary.	Balatonederics	Hungary
country	Borzna (Ukrainian: Борзна; also referred to as Borsna), is an historic town in northern Ukraine.	Borzna	Ukraine
country	Naterki (naˈtɛrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Naterki	Poland
country	BT Financial Group is a financial services company based in the Westpac Place at 275 Kent Street Sydney Australia, with operations there and in New Zealand.	BT Financial Group	Australia
country	Məçkə-Xacə (also, Məçkə-xacə) is a village in the municipality of Rustov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məçkə-Xacə	Azerbaijan
country	Wola Przedborska (ˈvɔla pʂɛdˈbɔrska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Przedborska	Poland
country	The Puquios are an old system of subterranean aqueducts near the city of Nazca, Peru.	Puquios	Peru
country	Ohradzany is a small village and municipality in Humenné District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Ohradzany	Slovakia
country	Florence Charterhouse (Certosa di Firenze or Certosa del Galluzzo) is a charterhouse, or Carthusian monastery, located in the Florence suburb of Galluzzo, in central Italy.	Florence Charterhouse	Italy
country	The Dansk Orienterings-Forbund (DOF) is the national Orienteering Association in Denmark.	Dansk Orienterings-Forbund	Denmark
country	Talarn Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Noguera Pallaresa River, a tributary of the Ebro River, north of Tremp near Lleida in Catalonia, Spain.	Talarn Dam	Spain
country	Ruse Province (Bulgarian: Област Русе or Rusenska Oblast Bulgarian: Русенска област, former name Ruse okrug) is a province in northern Bulgaria, named after its main city - Ruse, neighbouring Romania via the Danube.	Ruse Province	Bulgaria
country	Angareh (Persian: انگره‎) is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Angareh	Iran
country	Hammeren (also Hammerknuden; meaning, ``hammerhead-shaped crag of granite'') is a protected area and promontory in Denmark on the northernmost point of Bornholm island.	Hammeren	Denmark
country	Włocin-Kolonia (ˈvwɔt͡ɕin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Włocin-Kolonia	Poland
country	European route E772 is a class B road, part of the International E-road network in Bulgaria.	European route E772	Bulgaria
country	Meola Creek is a waterway in Auckland, New Zealand.	Meola Creek	New Zealand
country	Urbinum Hortense was an ancient Roman town of central Italy, of uncertain location, mentioned by Pliny the Elder in a roughly alphabetical and contextless list (NH 3.114).	Urbinum Hortense	Italy
country	Smolenskaerotrans is a charter airline based in Smolensk, Russia which specialises in aerial work but also carries cargo	Smolenskaerotrans	Russia
country	Åsebakken Priory, or the Priory of Our Lady of Åsebakken, is a Benedictine monastery of nuns at Birkerød, about 20 km north of Copenhagen in Denmark.	Åsebakken Priory	Denmark
country	The Shfaram synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת בשפרעם‎) (Arabic: شفا عمرو كنيس‎) is located in the Israeli-Arab city of Shfaram, Northern Israel.	Shfaram synagogue	Israel
country	Gorna Oryahovitsa Airport (IATA: GOZ, ICAO: LBGO) is international airport near Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria.	Gorna Oryahovitsa Airport	Bulgaria
country	An English form of the name, Mount Skittle, was recommended by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1954.	Mount Skittle	United Kingdom
country	Edayanchavadi (Tamil: இடையன்சாவடி), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Edayanchavadi	India
country	The Kluže Fortress is a fort near the town of Bovec in northwestern Slovenia.	Kluže Fortress	Slovenia
country	Saziyan (Persian: سازيان‎, also Romanized as Sāzīyān and Sāzīān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Saziyan	Iran
country	Kirovo-Chepetsk (Russian: Ки́рово-Чепе́цк) is a town in Kirov Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Cheptsa and the Vyatka Rivers, 20 kilometers (12 mi) east of Kirov.	Kirovo-Chepetsk	Russia
country	Senj (pronounced (sɛ̂ːɲ)) (Italian: Segna, Latin: Senia, German: Zengg) is an old town on the upper Adriatic coast in Croatia, in the foothills of the Mala Kapela and Velebit mountains.	Senj	Croatia
country	Ulsan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ulsan Sports complex, Ulsan, South Korea.	Ulsan Stadium	South Korea
country	Livek (pronounced (ˈliːvək); Italian: Luico) is a village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Livek	Slovenia
country	Situated on the bank of Kaligandaki river, Khadgakot (Nepali: खड्गकोट) is a town and Village Development Committee (Nepali: गाउँ विकास समिति, Gaun Vikas Samiti), in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal.	Khadgakot	Nepal
country	Hamilton Zoo is the main zoological garden of Hamilton, New Zealand.	Hamilton Zoo	New Zealand
country	El Manaqil is a city in Al Jazirah state in the Sudan.	El Manaqil	Sudan
country	Dahra (or Dara) is a town located in the Louga Region of Senegal at roughly 264 km from Dakar.	Dahra	Senegal
country	St. Stanislaus College is a Grade A Senior Secondary School in Georgetown, Guyana.	St. Stanislaus College	Guyana
country	Isfjord Radio is a coast radio station and weather station located at Kapp Linné on the island Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	Isfjord Radio	Norway
country	Etang de Trente Pas is a small lake and bog below Mont Gond (2709 m), above Conthey, in Valais, Switzerland.	Etang de Trente Pas	Switzerland
country	Lake Dutton, formerly known as Lake Gill, is a salt lake located in the Far North region of South Australia.	Lake Dutton	Australia
country	Kanbalu (also spelt Kantbalu) is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division, in Burma (Myanmar).	Kanbalu	Myanmar
country	Kenazaq (Persian: كنازق‎, also Romanized as Kenāzaq; also known as Kenāzeh) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kenazaq	Iran
country	Dalmianagar (Hindi: डालमिया नगर, Urdu: ڈالمیا نگر‎) is one of the oldest and biggest industrial towns in India.	Dalmianagar	India
country	The Artspace Sydney Visual Arts Centre is a leading international residency-based contemporary art centre, housed in the historic Gunnery Building in Woolloomooloo, fronting Sydney Harbour in Sydney, Australia.	Artspace Sydney	Australia
country	Pukehina Beach is a township located in the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand, which consists of a white sandy beach, an estuary, farms and residential houses.	Pukehina Beach	New Zealand
country	The Impulse to Progress and Democracy (French: Impulsion au progrès et la démocratie) is a political party in Benin.	Impulse to Progress and Democracy	Benin
country	Jagodnja (Serbian Cyrillic: Јагодња) is a mountain in western Serbia, near the town of Krupanj.	Jagodnja	Serbia
country	Saar-Warndt coal mining basin is an area of Germany and France which has been shaped by two centuries of coal extraction from the start of the 19th century to the start of 21st century; and it represents a significant period in the history of European industrialisation.	Saar-Warndt coal mining basin	Germany	France
country	Hamm am Rhein is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Hamm am Rhein	Germany
country	The Tono River is the main river in Oecusse District, an exclave of East Timor.	Tono River	East Timor
country	Kaźmierzów (kaʑˈmjɛʐuf) (German: Arnsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kaźmierzów	Poland
country	Forrest Place is a pedestrianised square located within the CBD of Perth, Western Australia.	Forrest Place	Australia
country	Zyzdrojowa Wola (zɨzdrɔˈjɔva ˈvɔla) (German: Sysdroywolla (1938-45:Kranzhausen)) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zyzdrojowa Wola	Poland
country	The Red River Delta (Vietnamese: Đồng bằng sông Hồng, or Châu thổ sông Hồng) is the flat low-lying plain formed by the Red River and its distributaries merging with the Thái Binh River in northern Vietnam.	Red River Delta	Vietnam
country	Malå (Ume Sami: Máláge, Southern Sami: Maalege) is a locality and the seat of Malå Municipality in Västerbotten County, province of Lapland, Sweden with 2,050 inhabitants in 2010.	Malå	Sweden
country	The Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center (Chinese: 上海城市规划展示馆; Pinyin: Shànghǎi Chéngshì Guīhuà Zhǎnshì Guǎn) is located on People's Square, Shanghai, China, adjacent to the municipal government building.	Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center	China
country	Isokwe is an island on Lake Mweru in Luapula Province, Zambia.	Isokwe	Zambia
country	Tuzla Thermal Power Plant is a coal-fired thermal power plant in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tuzla Thermal Power Plant	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Abrahamsberg is a residential district in the Västerort section of Stockholm municipality, Sweden, and part of the Bromma borough.	Abrahamsberg	Sweden
country	Služanj is a town and municipality located in Herzegovina, in southern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Služanj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fagamalo is a village situated on the central north coast of Savai'i in Samoa.	Fagamalo	Samoa
country	Warner's Hotel was recognised as a Category II heritage building by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust, with registration number 7384.	Warner's Hotel	New Zealand
country	Via Sant'Andrea is a luxury shopping street in Milan, Italy, forming part of the quadrilatero della moda, along with Via Montenapoleone, Via della Spiga, Via Manzoni and Corso Venezia.	Via Sant'Andrea	Italy
country	Freycinet Island is a small island (3ha, 8acres) in Henri Freycinet Harbour, lying off the Carrarang peninsula in the southern part of Shark Bay, on the-west coast of Western Australia.	Freycinet Island	Australia
country	Haugsholmen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Haugsholmen fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Sande in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Haugsholmen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Ko Klang (Thai: เกาะกลาง) is in tambon Klong Prasong, Krabi Province, Thailand.	Ko Klang	Thailand
country	Oshikango is a former village in northern Namibia and since 2004 part of the town of Helao Nafidi, although it still maintained its own village council for a number of years.	Oshikango	Namibia
country	Dabravka (Bulgarian=Дъбравка) is a village in Vidin Province in northwestern Bulgaria.	Dabravka	Bulgaria
country	Mataró (Catalan pronunciation: (mətəˈɾo)) is the capital and largest city of the comarca of the Maresme, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia Autonomous Community, Spain.	Mataró	Spain
country	Zagradec pri Grosupljem (pronounced (zaˈɡɾaːdəts pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm); German: Zagratz) is a settlement southeast of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Zagradec pri Grosupljem	Slovenia
country	Dolne Maliki (ˈdɔlnɛ maˈliki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dolne Maliki	Poland
country	Cáqueza (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈkesa)) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Cáqueza	Colombia
country	Villazón is a town in southern Bolivia, on the border with Argentina.	Villazón	Bolivia
country	Hôpital de Verdun (English: Verdun General Hospital) is a hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Hôpital de Verdun	Canada
country	Oulad Berhil (also: Ouled Berhil or Olad Berhil. Arabic: اولاد برحيل) is a town in the valley of the Sous River in Taroudant Province, Souss-Massa-Drâa region, Morocco.	Oulad Berhil	Morocco
country	Sapphawitthayakhom School (Thai: โรงเรียนสรรพวิทยาคม) is a public school located in Mae Sot, Thailand.	Sapphawitthayakhom School	Thailand
country	The China Democratic League (simplified Chinese: 中国民主同盟; traditional Chinese: 中國民主同盟; pinyin: Zhōngguó Mínzhǔ Tóngméng) is one of the eight legally recognised political parties in the People's Republic of China.	China Democratic League	People's Republic of China
country	Chak Haryam (Urdu:چک حریام) is a village, near Islamgarh in the Chakswari tehsil of Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chak Haryam	Pakistan
country	Jargalant Khairkhan (Mongolian: Жаргалант Хайрхан, blissful holy mountain) is a mountain in Mongolia, located in the Khovd Province.	Jargalant Khairkhan	Mongolia
country	Hvalsey (``Whale Island''; Greenlandic Qaqortukulooq) is located near Qaqortoq, Greenland and is the site of Greenland's largest, best-preserved Norse ruins in the area known as the Eastern Settlement (Eystribyggð).	Hvalsey	Greenland
country	Xai-Xai (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʃaj ˈʃaj)) is a city in the south of Mozambique.	Xai-Xai	Mozambique
country	La Cabrera (Spanish pronunciation: (la kaˈβɾeɾa)) is a municipality of the Community of Madrid in central Spain.	La Cabrera	Spain
country	Papenburg is a city in the district of Emsland in Lower Saxony, Germany, situated at the river Ems.	Papenburg	Germany
country	Batoshevo is a village in Sevlievo Municipality Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.	Batoshevo	Bulgaria
country	Nižný Hrabovec (Hungarian: Alsógyertyán; earlier i.a.: Slovak Nižssí Hrabowec/Hungarian Alsóhrabóc) is a village and municipality in the Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of Slovakia.	Nižný Hrabovec	Slovakia
country	Adolfinów (adɔlˈfinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Adolfinów	Poland
country	Huaynaputina (Spanish pronunciation: (wainapuˈtina), Pronounced: /waɪnəpʊˈtiːnə/ W'EYE-nuh-PUU-tee-NUH; from Quechua: Waynaputina, meaning ``Young Volcano'') is a stratovolcano in a volcanic upland in southern Peru.	Huaynaputina	Peru
country	Łęczycki (wɛnˈt͡ʂɨt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łęczycki	Poland
country	The Malaguni River (Mallaguni, Malangui) is a Nullah or hill stream in Khurda District, Odisha state of India.	Malaguni River	India
country	Mount Ayles is a mountain located on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Mount Ayles	Canada
country	Retnje (pronounced (ˈɾeːtnjɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Retnje	Slovenia
country	Golcharmu (Persian: گل چرمو‎, also Romanized as Golcharmū) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golcharmu	Iran
country	Lagny-sur-Marne (pronounced: (laɲi syʁ maʁn); English: Lagny on the Marne) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Lagny-sur-Marne	France
country	Perak Stadium (Malay: Stadium Perak) is a stadium located in Kampung Simee in Ipoh, Kinta District, Perak, Malaysia.	Perak Stadium	Malaysia
country	Ahougnassou (also spelled Ahougnanssou) is a village in central Ivory Coast.	Ahougnassou	Ivory Coast
country	Kahjah (Persian: كهجه‎, also Romanized as Kajah) is a village in Kuhsangi Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kahjah	Iran
country	Klockgjutargränd (Swedish: ``Bell-Founder's Alley'') is a small alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Klockgjutargränd	Sweden
country	The British Cemetery in Madrid (Cementerio de los Ingleses) was opened in 1854 in the Carabanchel district of Madrid, Spain, and the first burials took place that year.	British Cemetery in Madrid	Spain
country	Niangoloko is a town and seat of the Niangoloko Department in southwestern Burkina Faso.	Niangoloko	Burkina Faso
country	Wiener Neustadt West Airport (ICAO: LOXN) is a military airport located 23 nm south-southwest of Wien, Austria.	Wiener Neustadt West Airport	Austria
country	Rouached is a town and commune in Mila Province, Algeria.	Rouached	Algeria
country	Panimávida is well known in Chile for being one of the oldest hot springs and resort spas in the country.	Panimávida	Chile
country	Point Labatt is a headland located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 39 kilometres (24 mi) south by east of Streaky Bay.	Point Labatt	Australia
country	Abad-e Chehel Tan (Persian: ابادچهل تن‎, also Romanized as Ābād-e Chehel Tan and Ābād Chehel Tan; also known as Āb Bād-e Chehel Tan) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abad-e Chehel Tan	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Zaviyeh (Persian: قشلاق زاويه‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Zāvīyeh; also known as Zāvīyeh Qeshlāq (Persian: زاويه قشلاق)) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Zaviyeh	Iran
country	Rittiyawannalai School (Rit-ti-ya-wan-na-lai) (Thai: โรงเรียนฤทธิยะวรรณาลัย) is a public secondary school, elementary school (Grades 1-12) and nursery school in Bangkok, Thailand .	Rittiyawannalai School	Thailand
country	Nki National Park is a national park in southeastern Cameroon, located in its East Province.	Nki National Park	Cameroon
country	Lacs de Conzieu are a group of three small lakes at Conzieu in the Ain department of France.	Lacs de Conzieu	France
country	Hoachanas is a settlement of 3,000 inhabitants in the Hardap Region of southern central Namibia, located 55 kilometres (34 mi) northeast of Kalkrand.	Hoachanas	Namibia
country	The Manila Central Post Office is the central post office of the city of Manila, Philippines.	Manila Central Post Office	Philippines
country	Sosnytsia (Ukrainian: Сocниця) is a town and administrative center of the Sosnytsia Raion (district) of the Chernihiv Oblast (province) in north-central Ukraine.	Sosnytsia	Ukraine
country	Lilienfeld Abbey (German: Stift Lilienfeld) is a Cistercian monastery in Lilienfeld in Lower Austria, south of Sankt Pölten.	Lilienfeld Abbey	Austria
country	Svetulka (Bulgarian: Светулка) (Turkish: Çandır) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Svetulka	Bulgaria
country	Ukok Plateau is a remote and pristine grasslands area located in the heart of southwestern Siberia, the Altai Mountains region of Russia near the borders with China, Kazakhstan and Mongolia.	Ukok Plateau	Russia
country	Naracoorte Caves National Park is a national park near Naracoorte in the Limestone Coast tourism region in the south-east of South Australia (Australia).	Naracoorte Caves National Park	Australia
country	Platres (Greek: Πλάτρες) is a mountainous village in Cyprus.	Platres	Cyprus
country	Southland College (SC) or Southland College of Kabankalan, Inc. is a private, non-sectarian and coeducational institution located in the fast progressive City of Kabankalan, Negros Occidental, Philippines.	Southland College	Philippines
country	Laze pri Borovnici (pronounced (ˈlaːzɛ pɾi bɔɾɔu̯ˈniːtsi)) is a settlement west of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Laze pri Borovnici	Slovenia
country	Warta Bolesławiecka (ˈvarta bɔlɛswaˈvjɛt͡ska) (German: Alt Warthau) is a village in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Warta Bolesławiecka	Poland
country	Bard Tahdeh Seyyed Khosrow (Persian: بردتحده سيدخسرو‎, also Romanized as Bard Taḥdeh Seyyed Khosrow) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard Tahdeh Seyyed Khosrow	Iran
country	The Wansu mountain range (hispanicized spellings Huanso, Huanzo) lies in the Andes of Peru.	Wansu mountain range	Peru
country	A New Era (Spanish: Un Nuevo Tiempo, UNT) is a centre-left political party in Venezuela.	A New Era	Venezuela
country	Gumnjani (Cyrillic: Гумљани) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gumnjani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sakhalin Gulf (Russian: Сахалинский залив) is a gulf in the Sea of Okhotsk between continental Russia (north of Amur's mouth) and northern tip of the Sakhalin Island.	Sakhalin Gulf	Russia
country	Rafha (Arabic: رفحاء‎) is a town in the north of Saudi Arabia, close to the border with Iraq.	Rafha	Saudi Arabia
country	Indore G.P.O. commonly known as G.P.O. or G.P.O. colony is a residential locality within the largest city and commercial hub Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Indore G.P.O.	India
country	Ozzano dell'Emilia (Italian pronunciation: (odˈdzaːno delleˈmiːlja)) is an Italian comune in the province of Bologna, in northern Italy.	Ozzano dell'Emilia	Italy
country	Moravská Nová Ves is a market town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Moravská Nová Ves	Czech Republic
country	The Turtle Lake Monster is an alleged cryptid inhabiting Turtle Lake, in West Central Saskatchewan Canada.	Turtle Lake Monster	Canada
country	Uraman Takht (Persian: اورامان تخت‎, also Romanized as Ūrāmān Takht and Ooraman Takht; also known as Avromān, Owrāmān, Owrāmān Shahr, Shehr-i-Avrōman, and Ūrāmān) is a city in Uraman Takht Rural District, Uraman District, Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Uraman Takht	Iran
country	Gwiazdówko (ɡvjazˈdufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gwiazdówko	Poland
country	Ünyespor is a sports club located in Ünye district in Ordu, Turkey.	Ünyespor	Turkey
country	Ohel Chana is an Orthodox Jewish girls' seminary on Balaclava Road in Melbourne, Australia run by the Chabad-Lubavitch movement's Yeshivah Centre.	Ohel Chana	Australia
country	Manly ferry wharf is a wharf serving Manly in Sydney, Australia.	Manly ferry wharf	Australia
country	Bakhtabad-e Bala (Persian: بخت ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Bakhtābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bakhtabad-e Bala	Iran
country	Garradunga is a locality in Queensland, Australia, located north of Innisfail, Queensland within the local government area of Cassowary Coast Region.	Garradunga	Australia
country	The Baglioni Chapel is a chapel in the Collegiate church of Santa Maria Maggiore, Spello, central Italy.	Baglioni Chapel	Italy
country	Pico do Barbado is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Bahia, and the highest in all Northeastern Brazil, reaching 2,033 metres (6,670 ft) above sea level.	Pico do Barbado	Brazil
country	Kertajati International Airport is an airport under construction on the northeastern coast of West Java, Indonesia.	Kertajati International Airport	Indonesia
country	Wang Wauk River, a perennial river of the Great Lakes system, is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wang Wauk River	Australia
country	Alegia (Spanish: Alegría de Oria) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain.	Alegia	Spain
country	Qareh Poshtelu District (Persian: بخش قره‌پشتلو‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qareh Poshtelu District	Iran
country	Mendoza Chico is a village or populated centre in the Florida Department of southern-central Uruguay.	Mendoza Chico	Uruguay
country	Listowel Airport, (TC LID: CPN5), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northwest of Listowel, Ontario, Canada.	Listowel Airport	Canada
country	Cheju Tourism College is a private technical college on South Korea's Jeju island.	Cheju Tourism College	South Korea
country	Buzhabad (Persian: بوژاباد‎, also Romanized as Būzhābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Buzhabad	Iran
country	Kosmaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Космај, pronounced (kɔ̌smaːj)) is a mountain south of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Kosmaj	Serbia
country	Ranibagh is a place in the capital of India close to Pitampura where the 1st Metroline was started.	Ranibagh	India
country	Duindigt is a horse racing venue in Wassenaar near The Hague, in the Netherlands.	Duindigt	Netherlands
country	The Senzoku Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River (a tributary of the Shō River) about 20 km (12 mi) south of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.	Senzoku Dam	Japan
country	Kamenge Youth Centre (fr. Centre Jeunes Kamenge) is a youth centre located in Bujumbura, Burundi.	Kamenge Youth Centre	Burundi
country	Pano Akourdaleia (Greek: H Πάνω Ακουρδάλεια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km west of Miliou.	Pano Akourdaleia	Cyprus
country	Locomotive Music or Locomotive Records is an independent record label based in Spain.	Locomotive Music	Spain
country	Šmohor (pronounced (ˈʃmɔːxɔɾ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Šmohor	Slovenia
country	RNIE 6 is a national highway of Benin located in the east of the country.	RNIE 6	Benin
country	The Temple of Mercy and Charity (Polish: Świątynia Miłosierdzia i Miłości) is a Mariavite cathedral in Płock in central Poland.	Temple of Mercy and Charity	Poland
country	Levanna (Italian: Levanne) is a mountain of Savoie, France and of the Province of Turin, Italy.	Levanna	Italy
country	Biržai ( pronunciation , known also by several alternative names) is a city in northern Lithuania.	Biržai	Lithuania
country	Jadachy (jaˈdaxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Dęba, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jadachy	Poland
country	The City of Melton is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, on Melbourne's western rural--urban fringe.	City of Melton	Australia
country	Champawat (Hindi: चम्पावत) is a town and a Nagar Palika Parishad in Champawat district in the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Champawat	India
country	The Khorat Plateau also Korat Plateau, is a plateau in the northeastern Isan region of Thailand.	Khorat Plateau	Thailand
country	Petovići (Serbian: Петовићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Petovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mebisa, formerly called Chukha or Chhukha, is a town on the Wangchu River and seat of the Chukha District in Bhutan.	Mebisa	Bhutan
country	Bileh Var (Persian: بيله وار‎, also Romanized as Bīleh Vār; also known as Bīlevār and Bīl Vār) is a village in Ivughli Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bileh Var	Iran
country	Daminah al-Sharqiyah (Arabic: دمينة الشرقية‎) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, south of Homs.	Daminah al-Sharqiyah	Syria
country	The Mamquam Icefield is an icefield in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located at the headwaters of Skookum Creek.	Mamquam Icefield	Canada
country	Sərhədabad (also, Sakhradaba and Sarkhadabad) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sərhədabad	Azerbaijan
country	Barmstedt is a town in the district of Pinneberg, in the south of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Barmstedt	Germany
country	Bygningskulturens Hus (English House of Architectural Heritage), the former Søetatens Pigeskole (English: The Naval Girl's School), is a listed Historicist building now serving as a centre for historic architecture and cultural heritage in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bygningskulturens Hus	Denmark
country	Courland Governorate, also known as the Province of Courland, Governorate of Kurland (Russian: Курля́ндская губерния), and Government of Courland (German: Kurländisches Gouvernement), was one of the Baltic governorates of the Russian Empire, that is now part of the Republic of Latvia.	Courland Governorate	Russian Empire
country	Es Castell (Spanish: Villacarlos) is a small municipality in eastern Minorca in the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Es Castell	Spain
country	Valdefresno (``Valdefreisnu'', in Leonese language) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Valdefresno	Spain
country	A Capela is a municipality in province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in north-western Spain.	A Capela	Spain
country	Psathopyrgos (Greek: Ψαθόπυργος) is a tourist village and a community in the municipal unit of Rio in the northern part of Achaea, Greece.	Psathopyrgos	Greece
country	Essen Hauptbahnhof (German for Essen main station) is a railway station in the city of Essen in western Germany.	Essen Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Łąkorz (ˈwɔnkɔʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łąkorz	Poland
country	Dithakong is the name of a place east of Kuruman in the Northern Cape, South Africa, which had been a major destination for several of the earliest nineteenth century expeditions from the Cape to the interior of the subcontinent.	Dithakong	South Africa
country	The Tinella, the principal tributary of the Belbo, is a minor stream of Piedmont in northwestern Italy whose course falls entirely within the Province of Cuneo.	Tinella	Italy
country	Nangal Sirohi is an India city located at the longitude of 76.120321 and latitude of 28.179575 .	Nangal Sirohi	India
country	Ardahan Province (Turkish: Ardahan ili), is a province in the north-east of Turkey, at the very end of the country, where Turkey borders with Georgia.	Ardahan Province	Turkey
country	The Vidå (German: Wiedau, North Frisian Widuu) is a creek in Jutland, Denmark.	Vidå	Denmark
country	Stary Jawor (ˈstarɨ ˈjavɔr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stary Jawor	Poland
country	The 2000 UCI Road World Championships took place in Plouay, France, between October 9 and October 15, 2000.	2000 UCI Road World Championships	France
country	Qareh Qabaq-e Sofla (Persian: قره قباق سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qareh Qābāq-e Soflā) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qareh Qabaq-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Danube-Auen National Park (German: Nationalpark Donau-Auen) covers 93 square kilometres in Vienna and Lower Austria and is one of the largest remaining floodplains of the Danube in Middle Europe.	Danube-Auen National Park	Austria
country	The Beaty Biodiversity Museum is a natural history museum in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, located on the campus of the University of British Columbia.	Beaty Biodiversity Museum	Canada
country	Morzychna (mɔˈʐɨxna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Morzychna	Poland
country	Parque Zoológico Caricuao (Caricuao Zoological Park) is a zoo in Caracas, Venezuela in the Parish of Caricuao located in the southwest region of the city.	Parque Zoológico Caricuao	Venezuela
country	Qarqar is the name of an ancient town in northwestern Syria, known from Neo-Assyrian sources.	Qarqar	Syria
country	Tchèdio (also spelled Tiédio) is a town in eastern Ivory Coast.	Tchèdio	Ivory Coast
country	Pianu Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic (PV) power system, is being built on a 10 ha plot of land near the Pianu commune in Romania.	Pianu Solar Park	Romania
country	The Swedish Section of International Association of Theatre Critics (in Swedish: Svenska teaterkritikers förening, in French: L'association Suédois des Critiques d'Art Dramatique) is a member association of Sweden's working professional theatre critics since the 1950s.	Swedish Section of International Association of Theatre Critics	Sweden
country	Honuj (Persian: هنوج‎, also Romanized as Honūj and Henuj; also known as Honū, Honūk, Huni, and Hūtak) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Honuj	Iran
country	Beutenaken (Limburgish: Böätenake) is a hamlet in the southeastern Netherlands.	Beutenaken	Netherlands
country	Boobera Lagoon is a permanent water hole approximately 20 kilometres west of Goondiwindi, Australia.	Boobera Lagoon	Australia
country	Pakansari Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Pakansari, Cibinong, Bogor, Indonesia currently under construction.	Pakansari Stadium	Indonesia
country	The De Smet Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located northwest of Highway 16 and Jasper Lake in Jasper National Park, Canada.	De Smet Range	Canada
country	Tagak-e Emam Abdollah (Persian: تگك امام عبداله‎, also Romanized as Tagak-e Emām ʿAbdollah; also known as Tagak) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tagak-e Emam Abdollah	Iran
country	Ruonala is a suburb in southern Finland at Kotka.	Ruonala	Finland
country	The Exploradôme is a science museum located in Vitry-sur-Seine in the Val-de-Marne, France.	Exploradôme	France
country	Vrpolje Ljubomir (Serbian Cyrillic: Врпоље Љубомир) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrpolje Ljubomir	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Clewer Park can be found within the village of Clewer to the west of Windsor in the United Kingdom.	Clewer Park	United Kingdom
country	Ulpur is a village to the north of Golpalganj in Bangladesh.	Ulpur	Bangladesh
country	Songshan District, Chifeng (Mongolian: ᠰᠦᠩ ᠱᠠᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Süŋ šan toɣoriɣ; simplified Chinese: 松山区; traditional Chinese: 松山區; pinyin: Sōngshān Qū) is a district of the city of Chifeng, Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Songshan District, Chifeng	People's Republic of China
country	Lychna (Greek: Λύχνα) is a village and a community in the island of Lemnos, Greece.	Lychna	Greece
country	The Teatro Argentino de La Plata is the second most important lyric opera house in Argentina, after the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires.	Teatro Argentino de La Plata	Argentina
country	Reghaïa is a municipality in Algiers province, Algeria.	Reghaïa	Algeria
country	Ouren Castle is a castle ruin in Ouren in the East Cantons of Belgium.	Ouren Castle	Belgium
country	The Shura-e Nazar (Persian: شوراء نظار‎) (known as the Supervisory Council of the North) was created by Ahmad Shah Massoud in 1984 at the northern provinces of Takhar, Badakhshan, Balkh and Kunduz, during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.	Shura-e Nazar	Afghanistan
country	Tapora is a locality on the Okahukura Peninsula, which is on the eastern side of the Kaipara Harbour in New Zealand.	Tapora	New Zealand
country	Pasierby (paˈɕerbɨ) (German: Waisenort) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pasierby	Poland
country	Tatihou is an island of Normandy in France with an area of 29 hectares (72 acres).	Tatihou	France
country	Bhatapara is a city and a nagar palika in Baloda Bazar - Bhatapara district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Bhatapara	India
country	Xoco is an official neighborhood of Mexico City in Benito Juárez borough.	Xoco	Mexico
country	Shchastya (Ukrainian: Ща́стя, Russian: Сча́стье Schastye) is a city in Novoaidar Raion in Luhansk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Shchastya	Ukraine
country	Mali i Kulmakut is a peak in the southeastern part of the Tomorr range in Albania.	Mali i Kulmakut	Albania
country	Biavand (Persian: بياوند‎, also Romanized as Bīāvand) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Biavand	Iran
country	Elbasan Inn is a historic inn in Korçë, Albania.	Elbasan Inn	Albania
country	The Julius Maximilian University of Würzburg (also referred to as the University of Würzburg, in German Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg) is a public research university in Würzburg, Germany.	University of Würzburg	Germany
country	Liepājas tramvajs is a municipal company that operates a single tram line in Liepāja, Latvia.	Liepājas tramvajs	Latvia
country	Vıjaker (also, Vijəker, Vazhaker, and Vyzhaker) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vıjaker	Azerbaijan
country	Strevi is a comune and small town in the province of Alessandria, Italy, located immediately northeast of Acqui Terme.	Strevi	Italy
country	Gobernador Edgardo Castello Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Gobernador Edgardo Castello) (IATA: VDM, ICAO: SAVV) is an airport in Río Negro Province, Argentina serving the cities of Viedma and Carmen de Patagones.	Gobernador Edgardo Castello Airport	Argentina
country	The Motopark Raceway is a motorsport venue in Eastern Finland, Virtasalmi, Pieksämäki municipality.	Motopark Raceway	Finland
country	The North Front Cemetery is a cemetery located in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	North Front Cemetery	Gibraltar
country	Agham Kot (Urdu: اگهم کوٹ ‎) or is located in Hyderabad District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Agham Kot	Pakistan
country	Black Star Square, also known as Independence Square, is a public square in Accra, Ghana.	Black Star Square	Ghana
country	Velike Češnjice (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɛ ˈtʃeːʃnjitsɛ); in older sources also Velike Črešnjice, German: Großtscheschenze) is a village northeast of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Velike Češnjice	Slovenia
country	Wolf Cave (Swedish: Varggrottan, Finnish: Susiluola) is a crack in the Pyhävuori mountain (Swedish: Bötombergen) in Kristinestad (Kristiinankaupunki), near the Karijoki municipality in Finland.	Wolf Cave	Finland
country	Rewat is a small village near Degana, Nagaur district, Rajasthan in northern India, having the colony of 500-600 houses.	Rewat	India
country	Joniny Wielkie (jɔˈninɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Joniny Wielkie	Poland
country	Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Service (AMTS) runs the public bus service in the city of Ahmedabad in India.	Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Service	India
country	Yakah Darakht(Arabic: یکه درخت‎), also known as Yakadarakht (Arabic: يكدرخت‎), is a village in Kabul Province, in central-eastern Afghanistan.	Yakah Darakht	Afghanistan
country	Uniejów-Kolonia (uˈɲejuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Uniejów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Windjana Gorge is a gorge in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Windjana Gorge	Australia
country	Aghbolagh-e Suqar (Persian: اغبلاغ سقار‎, also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e Sūqār and Āghbolāgh-e Sūqqār) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghbolagh-e Suqar	Iran
country	Raz and Jargalan County (Persian: رازوجرگلان‎) is a county in North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Raz and Jargalan County	Iran
country	Jolo Airport (IATA: JOL, ICAO: RPMJ) is the airport serving the general area of Jolo, located in the province of Sulu in the Philippines.	Jolo Airport	Philippines
country	The Sandefjordsfjord (Sandefjordsfjorden) is an approximately 9 km long fjord in the municipality of Sandefjord in Vestfold, Norway.	Sandefjordsfjord	Norway
country	Wijaya Kusuma is an administrative village in the Grogol Petamburan district of Indonesia.	Wijaya Kusuma	Indonesia
country	Passage East (Irish: An Pasáiste Thoir) is a fishing village in County Waterford, Ireland, situated on the west bank of Waterford Harbour.	Passage East	Ireland
country	Sevaberd (Armenian: Սևաբերդ; formerly, Karakala) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Sevaberd	Armenia
country	Łęki Duże (ˈwɛnki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łęki Duże	Poland
country	Sundbyberg Municipality (Sundbybergs kommun or Sundbybergs stad) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden, just north of the capital Stockholm.	Sundbyberg Municipality	Sweden
country	The Tripoli Central Hospital (in Arabic: مستشفى طرابلس المركزي) is a general hospital, located in Tripoli, Libya.	Tripoli Central Hospital	Libya
country	The first flag of Greece was created and hoisted in the Evangelistria monastery in Skiathos in 1807.	Skiathos	Greece
country	Ching Kuo Institute of Management and Health (CKIMH; Chinese: 經國管理暨健康學院) is a private university located in Zhongshan District, Keelung City, Taiwan.	Ching Kuo Institute of Management and Health	Taiwan
country	Końskie County (Polish: powiat konecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, central Poland.	Końskie County	Poland
country	The Tekezé River (Ge'ez: ተከዘ or ተከዜ), also known as the Takkaze River, is a major river of Ethiopia.	Tekezé River	Ethiopia
country	Long Island Recreation Park is a protected area occupying the full extent of Long Island in the Murray River immediately east of the city of Murray Bridge in South Australia.	Long Island Recreation Park	Australia
country	Hamilton Senior High School also often referred to as Hamilton Hill Senior High School is a public co-educational high school in Western Australia.	Hamilton Senior High School	Australia
country	St Ives railway station serves the coastal town of St. Ives, Cornwall, United Kingdom.	St Ives railway station	United Kingdom
country	Lakadiya or Lakadia is a village in Bhachau Taluka of Kutch district of Gujarat, India.	Lakadiya	India
country	Vecherniy Bishkek (Russian: Вечерний Бишкек; Kyrgyz: Кечки Бишкек, The Evening Bishkek) is a daily Russian language newspaper published in Kyrgyzstan.	Vecherniy Bishkek	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Kirazlık Dam is a gravity dam on the Botan River, 9 km (6 mi) east of Siirt in Siirt Province of southeastern Turkey.	Kirazlık Dam	Turkey
country	Darreh Nakhi (Persian: دره ناخي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Nākhī, Darreh Nakhī, and Darreh-ye Nākhī; also known as Darreh Nākheh) is a village in Dezli Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh Nakhi	Iran
country	Mamousia (Greek: Μαμουσιά) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Diakopto, Achaea, Greece.	Mamousia	Greece
country	Tüntül (also, Tyuntyul'' and Tyuntyuli) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tüntül	Azerbaijan
country	The Samson Pit or Samson Mine (German: Grube Samson) is an historic silver mine in Sankt Andreasberg in the Upper Harz region of central Germany.	Samson Pit	Germany
country	The National Taipei University of Nursing and Health Sciences (NTUNHS; Chinese: 國立臺北護理健康大學) is a public university located in Beitou, Taipei, Taiwan.	National Taipei University of Nursing and Health Science	Taiwan
country	Igman (pronounced (îɡman)) is a mountain plateau in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Igman	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hermitage-Sandyville is a small town on the south coast of Newfoundland, Canada, with a population of 499 people in the 2006 Census.	Hermitage-Sandyville	Canada
country	Coteaux du Layon is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) for sweet white wine in the Loire Valley wine region of France.	Coteaux du Layon	France
country	Tarnogród ((tarˈnɔɡrut)) is a town in Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, Poland.	Tarnogród	Poland
country	The Necropolis of Soderstorf is a prehistoric cemetery in the valley of the Luhe river valley near Soderstorf in the Lüneburg district of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Necropolis of Soderstorf	Germany
country	Juliaca (Spanish: Juliaca, Quechua: Hullaqa, Aymara: Hullaqa) is the capital of San Roman Province in the Puno Region of southeastern Peru.	Juliaca	Peru
country	Stiepel Priory is a Cistercian monastery in Stiepel in Bochum, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Stiepel Priory	Germany
country	Kokoda Memorial Hospital is a hospital located in Kokoda, Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.	Kokoda Memorial Hospital	Papua New Guinea
country	Lenswood wine sub-region is a wine sub-region located around the town of Lenswood in South Australia within the Mount Lofty Ranges to the east of the Adelaide city centre.	Lenswood wine sub-region	Australia
country	El Alia Cemetery (Arabic: مقبرة العالية ‎) is a cemetery in a suburb of Algiers in the commune of Oued Smar in Algeria.	El Alia Cemetery	Algeria
country	Coomera Anglican College bases its ethos on the twin foundations of the Anglican Church of Australia and 'imagine Listen Respect' (iLR) which is its values framework.	Coomera Anglican College	Australia
country	Cham Espid (Persian: چم اسپيد‎, also Romanized as Cham Espīd) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cham Espid	Iran
country	Blome parish (Latvian: Blomes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Smiltene Municipality, Latvia.	Blome parish	Latvia
country	Mnazi Moja (swahili for ``one palm'') is a settlement in Kenya's Coast Province.	Mnazi Moja	Kenya
country	Meru County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya, located in the former Eastern Province.	Meru County	Kenya
country	Santo Tomás Tamazulapan is a village and municipality in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico, located about 105 km south of Oaxaca city.	Santo Tomás Tamazulapan	Mexico
country	The British Hospital for Mothers and Babies (1905--1984) was a maternity hospital in Samuel Street, Woolwich, London, England, United Kingdom.	British Hospital for Mothers and Babies	United Kingdom
country	Sępów (ˈsɛmpuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sępów	Poland
country	Maewo (local pronunciation: (ŋʷaewo); formerly Aurora Island) is an island in Vanuatu in Penama province, 105 km to the east of Espiritu Santo.	Maewo	Vanuatu
country	Vučja Vas (pronounced (ˈʋuːtʃja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Vučja vas) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Vučja Vas	Slovenia
country	Wysoki Duże (vɨˈsɔki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wysoki Duże	Poland
country	Mo i Rana Station (Norwegian: Mo i Rana stasjon) is a railway station located in the town of Mo i Rana in the municipality of Rana, in Nordland county, Norway.	Mo i Rana Station	Norway
country	Istanbul Aquarium (Istanbul Akvaryum) is a public aquarium in Istanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Aquarium	Turkey
country	Cerro Echandi is a mountain in Bocas del Toro Province of western Panama, on the border with Costa Rica.	Cerro Echandi	Panama
country	Črneška Gora (pronounced (tʃəɾˈneːʃka ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Črneška Gora	Slovenia
country	Thandwe (Burmese: သံတွဲမြို့; MLCTS: samtwai: mrui. (θàɴdwɛ́ mjo̰); formerly Sandoway) is a town and major seaport in Rakhine State, the westernmost part of Myanmar.	Thandwe	Myanmar
country	The Merseyside Skeptics Society (MSS) is a nonprofit organisation that promotes scientific skepticism in Merseyside and the United Kingdom.	Merseyside Skeptics Society	United Kingdom
country	Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad (MNNIT or NIT Allahabad), formerly Motilal Nehru Regional Engineering College (MNREC), is a public higher education institute located in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad	India
country	Old Montreal (French: Vieux-Montréal) is the oldest area in the city of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, with few remains dating back to New France.	Old Montreal	Canada
country	Alberni-Pacific Rim is a provincial electoral district in British Columbia, Canada, established by the Electoral Districts Act, 2008.	Alberni-Pacific Rim	Canada
country	Radziejowice Castle is a complex of Classical residences surrounded by a park, located in the village of Radziejowice, Żyrardów Powiat, Masovian Voivodeship in Poland.	Radziejowice Castle	Poland
country	The Pinturas River Canyon (Spanish: Cañadón Río Pinturas) located 160 km from the town of Perito Moreno in Santa Cruz, Argentina.	Pinturas River Canyon	Argentina
country	The city of Retalhuleu (Spanish pronunciation: (retaluˈleu)) is in south-western Guatemala.	Retalhuleu	Guatemala
country	Nordkehdingen is a Samtgemeinde (``collective municipality'') on the left bank of the Elbe, north west of Hamburg (Germany).	Nordkehdingen	Germany
country	Blidinje Lake (Bosnian: Blidinjsko jezero), located in Blidinje, between Tomislavgrad and Posušje, is the largest mountain lake in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Blidinje Lake	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mirriah is a town and urban commune in Niger.	Mirriah	Niger
country	Gare de Tours is a railway station serving the city Tours, Indre-et-Loire department, western France.	Gare de Tours	France
country	Hat La (Thai: หาดล้า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Tha Pla District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Hat La	Thailand
country	Tainan County was a county of the Republic of China in southern Taiwan before it merged with the provincial Tainan City to form a new special municipality in 2010.	Tainan County	Taiwan
country	Garching bei München or Garching is a city in Bavaria, Germany near Munich.	Garching bei München	Germany
country	Chirritta Station most often referred to as Chirritta or Cherratta is a pastoral lease operating as a sheep station in Western Australia.	Chirritta	Australia
country	La Roche-Guillaume was a medieval fortress of the Knights Templar located near the Syrian Gates in what is now the Hatay Province of Turkey.	Roche-Guillaume	Turkey
country	Georges Hall, a suburb of local government area City of Bankstown, is located 24 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district in the state of New South Wales, Australia, and is part of the South-western Sydney region.	Georges Hall	Australia
country	The Xinhua News Agency (English pronunciation: /ˌʃɪnˈhwɑː/) is the official press agency of the People's Republic of China.	Xinhua News Agency	People's Republic of China
country	Velika Planina (pronounced ('ʋeːlika plaˈniːna); literally 'big pasture') is a dispersed high-elevation settlement of mostly herders' dwellings on the karst Big Pasture Plateau in the Kamnik Alps in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Velika Planina	Slovenia
country	Mowtowr-e Bi Barg Rigi (Persian: موتوربي برگ ريگي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Bī Barg Rīgī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Bi Barg Rigi	Iran
country	The Tour de Crest (Crest Tower) is the imposing vestige of a castle - the Château de Crest - in the commune of Crest in the Drôme département of France, one of the highest keeps in Europe, if not the highest (52 metres/171 feet).	Tour de Crest	France
country	Xiromero (Greek: Ξηρόμερο) is a municipality in the Aetolia-Acarnania regional unit, West Greece region, Greece.	Xiromero	Greece
country	Aiguafreda (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌajɣwəˈfɾɛðə)) is a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Aiguafreda	Spain
country	The Candeleros Formation (formerly known as the Candeleros Member of the ``Rio Limay Formation'') is a geologic formation that outcrops in Río Negro, Neuquén, and Mendoza provinces of Argentina.	Candeleros Formation	Argentina
country	Puszczykowo-Zaborze (puʂt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ zaˈbɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Puszczykowo-Zaborze	Poland
country	Continental Medical College (abbreviated as CMC), established in October 2006, is a private college of medicine located on Township, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Continental Medical College	Pakistan
country	The Musée Lenine (59 m²) is a museum devoted to Vladimir Lenin, located at 4, rue Marie-Rose, in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée Lenine	France
country	Crowsnest Range is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in southwestern Alberta and southeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Crowsnest Range	Canada
country	Hanover Zoo is located in the city centre of Hanover, Germany.	Hanover Zoo	Germany
country	The Avenue Fonsny or Fonsnylaan is a major street in the municipality of Saint-Gilles in Brussels, Belgium connecting the Place de la Constitution on the south-west of the small ring road to the municipality of Forest.	Avenue Fonsny	Belgium
country	María Pinto is a town and commune of the Melipilla Province in central Chile's Santiago Metropolitan Region.	María Pinto	Chile
country	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان بهمئي گرمسيرئ شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District	Iran
country	Selo pri Mirni (pronounced (ˈsɛːlɔ pɾi ˈmiːɾni)) is a small village northwest of Mirna in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Selo pri Mirni	Slovenia
country	Talijan Kar (Persian: تليجان كر‎, also Romanized as Talījān Kar) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Talijan Kar	Iran
country	HK Riga 2000 was a Belarusian Extraliga team based in Riga, Latvia.	HK Riga 2000	Latvia
country	Baillestavy (Catalan: Vallestàvia) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Baillestavy	France
country	The Guayaneco Archipelago (Spanish: Archipiélago Guayaneco) is an archipelago in southern Chile.	Guayaneco Archipelago	Chile
country	Shimron (Hebrew: שמרון‎) is a nature reserve in Northern Israel.	Shimron	Israel
country	Dulmir (Persian: دول مير‎, also Romanized as Dūlmīr; also known as Delmīr) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dulmir	Iran
country	Harbour View Stadium is a football stadium in Harbour View, near Kingston, Jamaica .	Harbour View Stadium	Jamaica
country	The Wharncliffe Range is a very small mountain range in the Pacific Ranges of the southern Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of Forward Harbour.	Wharncliffe Range	Canada
country	The J C Slaughter Falls is a cascade waterfall on the Ithaca Creek located approximately 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of the Brisbane central business district in Queensland, Australia.	J C Slaughter Falls	Australia
country	Bjarkøy Church (Norwegian: Bjarkøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Bjarkøy Church	Norway
country	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District (Persian: دهستان زنجانرودپائين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District	Iran
country	Modigliana Cathedral, otherwise the Church of Santo Stefano Papa (Italian: Duomo di Modigliana; Concattedrale di Santo Stefano; Chiesa di Santo Stefano papa) is the principal church of Modigliana in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Modigliana Cathedral	Italy
country	Rimouski-Neigette is a regional county municipality in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec, Canada.	Rimouski-Neigette	Canada
country	The Oppenwehe Moor (German: Oppenweher Moor) is a raised bog in the natural region of Diepholz Moor Depression (Diepholzer Moorniederung) in North Germany.	Oppenwehe Moor	Germany
country	Ketema (formerly known as Mender 7) is a town in western Ethiopia.	Ketema	Ethiopia
country	Luboniec (luˈbɔɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Luboniec	Poland
country	Central Tzoumerka (Greek: Κεντρικά Τζουμέρκα) is a municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Central Tzoumerka	Greece
country	Kleť Observatory (Czech: Hvězdárna Kleť) is an astronomical observatory in the Czech Republic.	Kleť Observatory	Czech Republic
country	The V. V. Vereshchagin Mykolaiv Art Museum (Russian: Николаевский художественный музей имени В. В. Верещагина) is the museum of art, which is situated in Mykolaiv, also known as Nikolayev (from Russian language), Ukraine.	The V. V. Vereshchagin Mykolaiv Art Museum	Ukraine
country	After the completion of the first phase of construction for a first race meeting in June 2009, the Ffos Las racecourse became the first new National Hunt racecourse to be built in the United Kingdom for 80 years, and Wales's third racecourse.	Ffos Las racecourse	United Kingdom
country	The Central Mosque of Lisbon (Portuguese: Mesquita Central de Lisboa) is the main mosque of Lisbon, Portugal, serving the capital city's Islamic community.	Central Mosque of Lisbon	Portugal
country	Sverepec (Hungarian: Lejtős) is a village in the Považská Bystrica District, Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia	Sverepec	Slovakia
country	Shaykh Najjar (Arabic: شيخ نجار‎, also spelled Sheikh Najjar) is an industrial city in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located 10 kilometers northeast of Aleppo.	Shaykh Najjar	Syria
country	The Somali Latin alphabet is an official writing script in the Federal Republic of Somalia and its constituent Federal Member States.	Somali Latin alphabet	Somalia
country	Utkela Airstrip (IATA: VEUK) is a private airstrip owned by the Government of Odisha located at Bhawanipatna in the Kalahandi district of Odisha, India.	Utkela Airstrip	India
country	The Main Eastern Highway is the life line of the high range townships of the Travancore region of Kerala state, India.	Main Eastern Highway	India
country	Meneou (Greek: Μενεού) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, located 3 km northeast of Kiti.	Meneou	Cyprus
country	Dağ Üzü (also, Daguzi or Daguzu) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dağ Üzü	Azerbaijan
country	Imphal International Airport or Tulihal International Airport (IATA: IMF, ICAO: VEI) is the second international airport built in the Northeastern region of India, after Guwahati, and the second largest busiest international airport in the north east region after Guwahati.	Imphal International Airport	India
country	Wichowo (viˈxɔvɔ) (German: Wichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wichowo	Poland
country	Alevrada (Greek: Αλευράδα) is a small village and a community in northern Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Alevrada	Greece
country	The Old Tote Theatre Company (1963--1978) is a defunct NSW theatre that began as the standing acting and theatre company of Australia's National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) and was the precursor to the Sydney Theatre Company.	Old Tote Theatre Company	Australia
country	Kinsabba (Arabic: كنسبا‎, also spelled Kansaba) is a town in northwestern Syria administratively belonging to the Latakia Governorate, located northeast of Latakia.	Kinsabba	Syria
country	The University of Stavanger (UiS) is a university located in Stavanger, Norway and established in 2005.	University of Stavanger	Norway
country	Agia Roumeli (Greek: Αγιά Ρουμέλη) is a small village in southwest Crete, Greece and is popular with tourists.	Agia Roumeli	Greece
country	The Democratic Women's League of Germany (German Demokratischer Frauenbund Deutschlands, or DFD) was the mass women's organisation in East Germany.	Democratic Women's League of Germany	East Germany
country	Ampitsikinana is a small town in the region of Diana in north-eastern Madagascar, near Mount Ambohitra.	Ampitsikinana	Madagascar
country	Svenska Orienteringsförbundet (SOFT)(Swedish Orienteering Federation in English) is the national Orienteering Association in Sweden.	Svenska Orienteringsförbundet	Sweden
country	Kolka Sara (Persian: كلكاسرا‎, also Romanized as Kolkā Sarā; also known as Olkā Sarā) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kolka Sara	Iran
country	N. S. Memorial Institute of Medical Sciences (NSMIMS) is a co-operative hospital located in Palathara, Kollam, Kerala, India.	N. S. Memorial Institute of Medical Sciences	India
country	The Torpedo Service (Torpedodienst) was the branch of the Royal Netherlands Navy dealing with torpedoes and (until 1907, when the Mine Service split off from it) mines.	Torpedo Service	Netherlands
country	Bad Bevensen is a town in the north of the district Uelzen in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bad Bevensen	Germany
country	Mukgye Seowon is a seowon located at Mukgye-ri, Giran-myeon of the Andong City, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Mukgye Seowon	South Korea
country	Garaman (Persian: گارامان‎, also Romanized as Gārāmān; also known as Gārāmūn and Gāvamūn) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Garaman	Iran
country	The Official Matrix Exhibit was a walk-through experience at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Australia.	The Official Matrix Exhibit	Australia
country	Ilo is a port city in southern Peru, with some 67,000 inhabitants.	Ilo	Peru
country	Makrisia (Greek: Μακρίσια) is a village in the municipal unit of Skillounta, Elis, Greece.	Makrisia	Greece
country	Montessori Oberschule Potsdam, located at Schlüterstraße 2 D-14471 in west Potsdam, Germany, is a Montessori school.	Montessori Oberschule Potsdam	Germany
country	Yangon (Burmese: ရန်ကုန်, MLCTS rankun mrui, pronounced: (jàɴɡòʊɴ mjo̰); also known as Rangoon, literally: ``End of Strife'') is a former capital of Myanmar (Burma) and the capital of Yangon Region.	Yangon	Myanmar
country	Whimoon High School (Hangul: 휘문고등학교; hanja: 徽文高等學校) is a private high school in South Korea, located in Daechi-dong, Seoul.	Whimoon High School	South Korea
country	Stige is a large village and northern suburb of Odense, in Funen, Denmark.	Stige	Denmark
country	Baghcheh-ye Jonubi (Persian: باغچه جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Bāghcheh-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baghcheh-ye Jonubi	Iran
country	Zaqatala International Airport (Azerbaijani: Zaqatala Beynəlxalq Hava Limanı) (IATA: ZTU, ICAO: UBBY) is an airport serving Zaqatala city in Azerbaijan.	Zaqatala International Airport	Azerbaijan
country	Lessay Airport is a regional airport in France (ICAO: LFOM).	Lessay Airport	France
country	Kut-e Hashem (Persian: كوت هاشم‎, also Romanized as Kūt-e Hāshem) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kut-e Hashem	Iran
country	Bodni is a fishing village located on the northern coast of Raigad district, Maharashtra, India.	Bodni	India
country	Benissa (Valencian pronunciation: (beˈnisa), Spanish: Benisa) is a small town in Spain in the province of Alicante, 275 m above sea level, and one of the oldest towns on the Costa Blanca.	Benissa	Spain
country	Satu Mare Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic (PV) power system, is being built on a 15 ha plot of land near the Satu Mare city in Romania.	Satu Mare Solar Park	Romania
country	Betlijeh (Persian: بتليجه‎, also Romanized as Betlījeh; also known as Baltagh, Belītjā, Beltīcheh, Beltījeh, and Bīltījeh) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Betlijeh	Iran
country	The central axis of New Delhi, which today faces east at India Gate, was previously meant to be a North-South axis, linking Viceroy's House with Paharganj, as the end of the axis.	Paharganj	India
country	The Ranfjorden (or just Ranfjord) is a fjord in the Helgeland district of Nordland county, Norway.	Ranfjord	Norway
country	Elamgulam Sree Dharma Shastha Temple is a very famous temple in India and Kerala.	Elamgulam Sree Dharma Shastha Temple	India
country	Kugluktuk (Inuinnaqtun: Qurluktuk, ``the place of moving water''; Inuktitut: ᖁᕐᓗᖅᑐᖅ, formerly Coppermine until 1 January 1996) is a hamlet located at the mouth of the Coppermine River in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada, on Coronation Gulf, southwest of Victoria Island.	Kugluktuk	Canada
country	Côteaux (Haitian Creole: Koto) is a commune in the Côteaux Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.	Côteaux	Haiti
country	Gruzinsky (Russian: Грузинский; Georgian: გრუზინსკი) was a title and later the surname of two different princely lines of the Bagrationi dynasty of Georgia, both of which received it as the subjects of the Russian Empire.	Gruzinsky	Georgia
country	Astrolabe Reef is near Motiti Island, off the Bay of Plenty coast in New Zealand.	Astrolabe Reef	New Zealand
country	Bulgunnyakhtakh (Russian: Булгунняхтах) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Malzhagarsky 1-y Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 38 kilometers (24 mi) from Pokrovsk, the administrative center of the district.	Bulgunnyakhtakh	Russia
country	Bad Liebenstein is the oldest spa town in Thuringia (Wartburgkreis district, Germany).	Bad Liebenstein	Germany
country	Hwaseong Heroes Baseball Park is a stadium in Hwaseong, South Korea.	Hwaseong Heroes Baseball Park	South Korea
country	Charlottenburg Town Hall (German: Rathaus Charlottenburg) is an administrative building situated in the Charlottenburg locality of Berlin in Germany.	Charlottenburg Town Hall	Germany
country	Juying Secondary School (Abbreviation: JYSS) is a government co-educational neighbourhood secondary school in Jurong West, Singapore.	Juying Secondary School	Singapore
country	The Nadelhorn (4,327 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.	Nadelhorn	Switzerland
country	People of Faith Against the Death Penalty (PFADP) is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, interfaith non-governmental organization whose mission and purpose is to educate and mobilize faith communities to act to abolish the death penalty in the United States of America.	People of Faith Against the Death Penalty	United States of America
country	Scatter River Old Growth Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the Liard River downstream from Liard River Hot Springs Provincial Park and Liard River Corridor Provincial Park and Protected Area.	Scatter River Old Growth Provincial Park	Canada
country	Remojadas is a name applied to a culture, an archaeological site, as well as an artistic style that flourished on Mexico's Veracruz Gulf Coast from perhaps 100 BCE to 800 CE. The Remojadas culture is considered part of the larger Classic Veracruz culture.	Remojadas	Mexico
country	Tylden railway station, a former station on the Daylesford railway line in Victoria, Australia, was located about 2.4 km to the east of Tylden township, near Central Road.	Tylden railway station	Australia
country	The name Nachtigal Peak, recommended by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1954, derives from nearby Nachtigal Glacier, which was named by the German group of 1882-83.	Nachtigal Peak	United Kingdom
country	Bitlidzha (also, Bartsrashen) was a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia; it is now in ruins.	Bitlidzha	Armenia
country	Irkutsk Northwest Airport is an airport in Russia located 11 km northwest of Irkutsk.	Irkutsk Northwest Airport	Russia
country	The Romulo Highway, formerly the National Highway 13, is a highway in the Philippines that passes through the provinces of Tarlac and Pangasinan.	Romulo Highway	Philippines
country	Eungboksan (aka Eungbongsan) is a mountain in the counties of Yangyang and Hongcheon, Gangwon-do, in South Korea.	Eungboksan	South Korea
country	Khakineh-ye Pain (Persian: خاكينه پائين‎, also Romanized as Khākīneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Khākīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khakineh-ye Pain	Iran
country	The Vindhya Range (pronounced (ʋɪnd̪ʱyə)) is a complex, discontinuous chain of mountain ridges, hill ranges, highlands and plateau escarpments in west-central India.	Vindhya Range	India
country	In the 40 years since that move the Royal Canberra Golf Club has developed into Australia's pre-eminent inland golf course.	Royal Canberra Golf Club	Australia
country	Guaymas (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈɡwajmas)) is a city located in Guaymas Municipality in the southwest part of the state of Sonora in northwestern Mexico.	Guaymas	Mexico
country	The Trans Eastern Kedah Interland Highway, TEKIH, Federal Route is a new toll-free highway in the state of Kedah, Malaysia.	Trans Eastern Kedah Interland Highway	Malaysia
country	Ab Bid Sari-ye Do (Persian: اب بيدسري 2‎, also Romanized as Āb Bīd Sarī-ye Do; also known as Abidsareh-ye Do) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Bid Sari-ye Do	Iran
country	The Southern Federal District (Russian: Ю́жный федера́льный о́круг, tr. Yuzhny federalny okrug; IPA: (ˈjuʐnɨj fʲɪdʲɪˈralʲnɨj ˈokrʊk)) is one of the nine federal districts of Russia.	Southern Federal District	Russia
country	Fromelles (Pheasant Wood) Military Cemetery is a First World War cemetery built by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission on the outskirts of Fromelles in northern France, near the Belgian border.	Fromelles (Pheasant Wood) Military Cemetery	France
country	Iginniarfik is a village in the municipality of Qaasuitsup, in western Greenland.	Iginniarfik	Greenland
country	Givolim (Hebrew: גִּבְעוֹלִים, lit. Stalks) is a religious moshav in southern Israel.	Givolim	Israel
country	Warje(वारजे )is one of the many upcoming suburbs of Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Warje	India
country	Ardee (/ˈɑːr.diː/; Irish: Baile Átha Fhirdhia, meaning ``townland of Ferdia's ford'') is a town and townland in County Louth, Ireland.	Ardee	Ireland
country	Kew, New South Wales is a small town in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia in the Port Macquarie-Hastings Council local government area.	Kew, New South Wales	Australia
country	Myalyeshkavichy (Belarusian: Мялешкавічы, Russian: Мелешковичи, Meleshkovichi) is a village in Gomel Region in Belarus.	Myalyeshkavichy	Belarus
country	The Oshawa Group was once a leading owner of supermarkets in Ontario, Canada.	Oshawa Group	Canada
country	Vitebsky Central Sport Complex is a multi-use sports complex in Vitebsk, Belarus.	Vitebsky Central Sport Complex	Belarus
country	Fathabad-e Now (Persian: فتح ابادنو‎, also Romanized as Fatḩābād-e Now; also known as Fatḩābād) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fathabad-e Now	Iran
country	Bulla Regia is an archaeological site in north-western Tunisia, a former Roman city near modern Jendouba called officially Colonia Aelia Hadriana Augusta Bulla Regia.	Bulla Regia	Tunisia
country	Dodona (Doric Greek: Δωδώνᾱ, Dōdṓnā, Ionic and Attic Greek: Δωδώνη, Dōdṓnē) in Epirus in northwestern Greece was the oldest Hellenic oracle, possibly dating to the second millennium BCE according to Herodotus.	Dodona	Greece
country	Pasohlávky (German: Weisstätten) is a village in South Moravian Region, Czech Republic.	Pasohlávky	Czech Republic
country	Thaba 'Nchu is a town in Free State, South Africa, located 60 km east of Bloemfontein.	Thaba 'Nchu	South Africa
country	Piast Brewery is a defunct brewery, located in Wrocław, Poland.	Piast Brewery	Poland
country	The Route des Grands Crus (roughly, ``road of the great wines'') is the name of a tourist route situated in Burgundy, France.	Route des Grands Crus	France
country	The 2014 Selantik coal mine explosion took place on 22 November 2014 in Selantik, Pantu at Sri Aman Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.	2014 Selantik coal mine explosion	Malaysia
country	Central Kalahari Game Reserve is an extensive national park in the Kalahari desert of Botswana.	Central Kalahari Game Reserve	Botswana
country	Robinvale Airport (IATA: RBC, ICAO: YROI) is an airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) south of Robinvale, Victoria, Australia.	Robinvale Airport	Australia
country	Tawharanui Peninsula is a finger of land projecting into the Hauraki Gulf from the east coast of the much larger North Auckland Peninsula of New Zealand.	Tawharanui Peninsula	New Zealand
country	The Waria River is a river in Oro Province and Morobe Province in south-eastern Papua New Guinea.	Waria River	Papua New Guinea
country	The Cornwall Comets is a Quebec Senior AA Hockey League (LHSPAA) team based in Cornwall, Ontario, Canada, who play at the Ed Lumley Arena inside the Cornwall Civic Complex.	Cornwall Comets	Canada
country	The Bözberg railway line is a railway line in Switzerland, running between Basel and Brugg via Pratteln, Rheinfelden, Stein-Säckingen, Frick and the Bözberg Tunnel.	Bözberg railway line	Switzerland
country	The Haarlemse Huishoud en Industrieschool is a former huishoud school on the Voorhelmstraat, Haarlem, Netherlands.	Huishoud en Industrieschool	Netherlands
country	Ojak Sar (Persian: اجاک سر‎, also Romanized as Ojāk Sar; also known as Owjāksar) is a village in Babolrud Rural District, in the Central District of Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ojak Sar	Iran
country	Garut is a town in the West Java province of Indonesia and is the capital of the Garut Regency.	Garut	Indonesia
country	Kangshanagar (Bengali: কংশনগর) is a village and large market place in Bangladesh.	Kangshanagar	Bangladesh
country	Ullsfjord Church (Norwegian: Ullsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Ullsfjord Church	Norway
country	Brasserie de Silly is a brewery located in the town of Silly (Belgium).	Brasserie de Silly	Belgium
country	Kerkouane or Kerkuane (Tunisian Arabic: كركوان‎, Karkwān) is a Punic city in north-eastern Tunisia, near Cape Bon.	Kerkouane	Tunisia
country	Ord Bridge (Chinese: 渥桥) is a pedestrian bridge in Singapore.	Ord Bridge	Singapore
country	Motla Khurd is a village in Jatusana Tehsil, Rewari district, Haryana, India, in Gurgaon Division.	Motla Khurd	India
country	Ogonnelloe (Irish: Tuath Uí gConaile, meaning ``Land of the Connollys'') is a Catholic parish and civil parish in east County Clare, Ireland, mainly situated along the R463 regional road between Scariff and Killaloe.	Ogonnelloe	Ireland
country	Tsenovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Ценово) is a small municipality (obshtina) in Ruse Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain where Yantra river flows into the Danube.	Tsenovo Municipality	Bulgaria
country	The Powder Tower or Powder Gate (Czech: Prašná brána) is a Gothic tower in Prague, Czech Republic.	Powder Tower	Czech Republic
country	Shahid Rajaee Dam, also known as the Soleyman Tangeh Dam, is an arch dam on the Tajan River, located about 38 km (24 mi) south of Sari in Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahid Rajaee Dam	Iran
country	The Ghent University Library (Dutch: Universiteitsbibliotheek Gent) is located in the city of Ghent, Belgium.	Ghent University Library	Belgium
country	Savé is a city in Benin, lying on the Cotonou-Parakou railway and the main north-south road.	Savé	Benin
country	The A39 autoroute, also known as the L'Autoroute Verte, is a motorway in eastern France.	A39 autoroute	France
country	The Helsinki Prison, also known as Sörnäinen Prison (earlier known as Helsinki Central Prison) is a prison located in the Kalasatama district of Helsinki, Finland, opened in 1881.	Helsinki Prison	Finland
country	Qurtulmush (Persian: قورتولموش‎, also Romanized as Qūrtūlmūsh; also known as Gurtulmush, Kurturmish, Qūd Tolmūsh, Qūrtolmesh, Qūrtūrmūsh, and Qūrtūrmesh) is a village in Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qurtulmush	Iran
country	Daylan Kandi (Persian: دايلان كندي‎, also Romanized as Dāylān Kandī) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Daylan Kandi	Iran
country	Clendon Park School is a primary school (Years 1-8) in Manurewa, a suburb of Manukau City, Auckland Region, New Zealand.	Clendon Park School	New Zealand
country	The Mocoretá River (Spanish, Río Mocoretá) is a river in the Mesopotamic northeastern region of Argentina.	Mocoretá River	Argentina
country	The Opéra national de Montpellier Languedoc-Roussillon is an opera company located in the Place de la Comédie in Montpellier, France.	Opéra national de Montpellier	France
country	Lake Vygozero (Russian: Выгозеро; Finnish: Uikujärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, in the northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Vygozero	Russia
country	Liuwa Plain National Park lies in Western Province, Zambia, west of the Barotse Floodplain of the Zambezi River near the border with Angola.	Liuwa Plain National Park	Zambia
country	The Arrondissement of Ghent (Dutch: Arrondissement Gent; French: Arrondissement de Gand) is the largest of the six administrative arrondissements in the Province of East Flanders, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Ghent	Belgium
country	Yellampet is a village and panchayat in Rangareddy district, TS, India.	Yellampet	India
country	Kandahar (/ˈkændəˌhɑːr/) or Qandahar (Pashto: کندهار‎ Kandahār, Persian: قندهار, Qandahār, known in older literature as Candahar) is the second-largest city in Afghanistan, with a population of about 491,500 as of 2012.	Kandahar	Afghanistan
country	Radomierowice (radɔmjɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Plümkenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radomierowice	Poland
country	Antar Kandi (Persian: عنتركندي‎, also Romanized as ``Antar Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 15 families.	Antar Kandi	Iran
country	Anna Karoline is a jekt (a single-masted open cargo sailing ship) often called Nordlandsjekt, built at Brataker in Mosvik, Norway in 1876.	Anna Karoline	Norway
country	Brec de Chambeyron (3,389) is a mountain of the Cottian Alps on the border between France and Italy.	Brec de Chambeyron	France
country	Garnich (Luxembourgish: Garnech) is a commune and small town in southwestern Luxembourg.	Garnich	Luxembourg
country	Tell al-Nabi Mando (Arabic: تل النبي مندو‎, also known Qadesh Arabic: قادش‎) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs.	Tell al-Nabi Mando	Syria
country	Gornja Radgona Castle (Slovene: Grad Gornja Radgona, German: Schloss Oberradkersburg; sometimes also Ratigoj Castle) is a castle in Gornja Radgona, Slovenia.	Gornja Radgona Castle	Slovenia
country	San Vicente del Valle is a municipality and hamlet located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	San Vicente del Valle	Spain
country	Oinochori (Greek: Οινοχώρι, meaning ``village of wine'', before 1927: Άνω Κάνιανη - Ano Kaniani) is a small village (2001 population: 114) in the municipal unit of Gravia, Phocis, Greece.	Oinochori	Greece
country	Grzybowo-Kapuśnik (ɡʐɨˈbɔvɔ kaˈpuɕnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grzybowo-Kapuśnik	Poland
country	EcoTower is a 32-story edifice with 25 office floors located in Bonifacio Global City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	EcoTower	Philippines
country	Borunabad (Persian: برون اباد‎, also Romanized as Borūnābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Borunabad	Iran
country	Willowbank Raceway is a drag racing facility in Queensland, Australia.	Willowbank Raceway	Australia
country	The Alpine Padanian Union (Unione Padana Alpina, UPA) is a Padanist and separatist political party active in Lombardy, Italy.	Alpine Padanian Union	Italy
country	Forollhogna (or Forelhogna) is a mountain located on the border between three municipalities in Norway:	Forollhogna	Norway
country	Begoro is a town and the capital of Fanteakwa district, a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	Begoro	Ghana
country	The Pashulok Barrage is a barrage located on the Ganges River just south of Rishikesh in Dehradun district, Uttarakhand, India.	Pashulok Barrage	India
country	Maarke-Kerkem is a village in the Flemish Ardennes, the hilly southern part of the province of East-Flanders, Belgium.	Maarke-Kerkem	Belgium
country	Pakosławice (pakɔswaˈvit͡sɛ) (German Bösdorf) is a village in Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pakosławice	Poland
country	The Dajbabska Gora Tower (Montenegrin: Toranj na Dajbabskoj Gori, Торањ на Дајбабској Гори) is a radio frequency spectrum control tower located on Dajbabska Gora, a hill south of Podgorica, the capital of Montenegro.	Dajbabska Gora Tower	Montenegro
country	Festungsberg is a mountain in the city of Salzburg, Salzburgerland, Austria.	Festungsberg	Austria
country	Batu Pahat Mall (BP Mall) is a shopping mall in Bandar Penggaram, Batu Pahat, Johor, Malaysia.	Batu Pahat Mall	Malaysia
country	Mal Amiri-ye Olya (Persian: مال اميري عليا‎, also Romanized as Māl Amīrī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 246, in 56 families.	Mal Amiri-ye Olya	Iran
country	Rossnowlagh (Irish: Ros Neamhlach, meaning ``heavenly headland'') is a seaside village in south County Donegal, Ireland.	Rossnowlagh	Ireland
country	Husemersee (or Hausersee) is a lake at Ossingen in the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland.	Husemersee	Switzerland
country	Cerro del Bolsón is a mountain in the Aconquija Range of Argentina, in Tucumán province.	Cerro del Bolsón	Argentina
country	Aguaviva (Spanish: (ˈaɣwaˈβiβa)) or Aiguaiva de Bergantes (Catalan: (ˌajɣwəˈiβə ðə βərˈɣantəs), locally: (ˌajɣwaˈiβa ðe βeɾˈɣantes)) is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Aguaviva	Spain
country	Lac de Divonne is an artificial lake at Divonne-les-Bains, France.	Lac de Divonne	France
country	San Paolo Converso is a former Roman Catholic church in Milan, region of Lombardy, Italy.	San Paolo Converso	Italy
country	Teylingen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɛilɪŋə(n))) is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Teylingen	Netherlands
country	Gold 104.3 (call sign: 3KKZ) is a radio station broadcasting in Melbourne, Australia.	Gold 104.3	Australia
country	Kiryat Ekron or Qiryath Eqron (Hebrew: קִרְיַת עֶקְרוֹן) is an Israeli town located on the coastal plain in the Central Region of Israel.	Kiryat Ekron	Israel
country	Lazurnaya Bay (Russian: бухта Лазурная) is a bay on the east side of the Muravyov-Amursky Peninsula in Russia.	Lazurnaya Bay	Russia
country	Falu BK was a bandy club in Falun, Sweden.	Falu BK	Sweden
country	Sanyatwe is a small commercial centre in the Nyanga area in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe.	Sanyatwe	Zimbabwe
country	Athmuqam or Athmakam (Urdu: آٹھمقام ‎) is a town about 73 kilometres from Muzaffarabad, in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Athmuqam	Pakistan
country	Roca Remolino (lit. ``whirl rock'') is a submarine mountain in Chacao Channel, Chile, notorious for being a major hazard for traffic along the channel.	Roca Remolino	Chile
country	St Ives Bay (Cornish: Cammas an Tewyn, meaning bay of the sand dunes) is a bay on the Atlantic coast of north-west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Ives Bay	United Kingdom
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Khoda Bakhsh (Persian: موتور حاجي خدابخش‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Khodā Bakhsh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Khoda Bakhsh	Iran
country	Chilkoot Pass (el. 1067 m./3057 ft.) is a high mountain pass through the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska and British Columbia, Canada.	Chilkoot Pass	Canada
country	Krušče (pronounced (ˈkɾuːʃtʃɛ)) is a small settlement east of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Krušče	Slovenia
country	The Sunbelt Baseball League (SBL) is a non-profit collegiate summer baseball league with teams located in North Georgia and East Alabama in the United States of America.	Sunbelt Baseball League	United States of America
country	Kostinci is a village in Municipality of Dolneni, central Republic of Macedonia.	Kostinci	Macedonia
country	Nandwal is a village in Pakistan near Kotla Arab Ali Khan and the foothills of the Himalayas, located near the northern edge of Pakistan.	Nandwal	Pakistan
country	Aşağı Bradi (also, Ashagy Burady and Borady) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Bradi	Azerbaijan
country	Lake Benmore is a lake located in the South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Benmore	New Zealand
country	Pacaya is an active complex volcano in Guatemala, which first erupted approximately 23,000 years ago and has erupted at least 23 times since the Spanish invasion of Guatemala.	Pacaya	Guatemala
country	Largitzen (Jurassien: Lairdgie) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Largitzen	France
country	Solygeia (Greek: Σολυγεία) is a former municipality in Corinthia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Solygeia	Greece
country	Lemoa (Spanish: Lemona) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Lemoa	Spain
country	La Roma is a Miocene fossil site in the Teruel Province of Spain.	La Roma	Spain
country	Banting Bridge is a major landmark in Banting, Selangor, Malaysia The bridge connects Banting in the west to Telok Datok in the east.	Banting Bridge	Malaysia
country	Strandabyggð is a municipality located in northwestern Iceland.	Strandabyggð	Iceland
country	Jalan Merlimau Darat or Jalan Batu Gajah (Malacca state route ) is a major road in Malacca state, Malaysia	Jalan Merlimau Darat	Malaysia
country	Namysłów County (Polish: powiat namysłowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Namysłów County	Poland
country	Alexandria Aquarium is a small aquarium in Alexandria, Egypt.	Alexandria Aquarium	Egypt
country	Chorvorish (Persian: چروريش‎, also Romanized as Chorvorīsh; also known as Chororīsh) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chorvorish	Iran
country	Ellbogensee (literally Elbow Lake) is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District, in Germany.	Ellbogensee	Germany
country	Papalotla is a small town and municipality in the State of Mexico in Mexico.	Papalotla	Mexico
country	Mariinsky Posad (Russian: Марии́нский Поса́д; Chuvash: Сĕнтĕрвăрри, Sĕntĕrvărri) is a town and the administrative center of Mariinsko-Posadsky District of the Chuvash Republic, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River, 36 kilometers (22 mi) east of Cheboksary.	Mariinsky Posad	Russia
country	Casuarina Coastal Reserve is a coastal reserve in the northern area of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Casuarina Coastal Reserve	Australia
country	Sykkylven Bridge (Norwegian: Sykkylvsbrua) is a concrete bridge that crosses the Sykkylvsfjorden in Sykkylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Sykkylven Bridge	Norway
country	Liguanea is an area of the island of Jamaica in the West Indies.	Liguanea	Jamaica
country	Baluch Abil (Persian: بلوچ ابيل‎, also Romanized as Balūch Ābīl) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Baluch Abil	Iran
country	Alujenni (Persian: علوجني‎, also Romanized as ``Alūjennī and ``Alū Jenī; also known as ``Alūjīnī) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 218, in 49 families.	Alujenni	Iran
country	Artlink is a quarterly themed magazine covering contemporary art and ideas from Australia and the Asia-Pacific.	Artlink	Australia
country	The Rumskulla oak, also known as the Kvill oak, is an oak tree (Quercus robur) near Norra Kvill National Park in Rumskulla socken, Vimmerby, Kalmar County, Småland, Sweden.	Rumskulla oak	Sweden
country	KIMEP University (formerly: the Kazakhstan Institute of Management, Economics and Strategic Research) is an institution of higher education in Almaty, Kazakhstan.	KIMEP University	Kazakhstan
country	Vazhamuttom is a village township near to Pathanamthitta Town in Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India.	Vazhamuttom	India
country	The Madrid Deep Space Communications Complex (MDSCC) is a ground station located in Robledo de Chavela, Spain, and operated by the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA).	Madrid Deep Space Communications Complex	Spain
country	Kazkonar (Persian: كزكنار‎, also Romanized as Kazkonār) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kazkonar	Iran
country	Ananjerd (Persian: انانجرد‎, also Romanized as Anānjerd) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Ananjerd	Iran
country	Fangchanupathum School (Thai: โรงเรียนฝางชนูปถัมภ์) is a public school located in Fang District, Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Fangchanupathum School	Thailand
country	The Collegio Clementino is a palace in Rome, central Italy, sited between the Strada del'Orso and the banks of the Tiber.	Collegio Clementino	Italy
country	Fussballclub Bern (FC Bern) is a football team from Bern, the capital city of Switzerland, who currently play in the 1.	FC Bern	Switzerland
country	St. Lawrence Hall is a meeting hall in Toronto, Canada located at the corner pf King Street East and Jarvis Street.	St. Lawrence Hall	Canada
country	Five Nations Golf Club is located in the village Méan (fr), near Marche-en-Famenne, Belgium.	Five Nations Golf Club	Belgium
country	Akhjar is a village in Afghanistan, located in the Rustak Valley, about four miles north of Rustak.	Akhjar	Afghanistan
country	Vado Ligure, in antiquity Vada Sabatia, is a town and comune in the province of Savona, Liguria, in northern Italy.	Vado Ligure	Italy
country	Sydbank Park, known prior to 2013 as Haderslev Fodboldstadion, is a football stadium in Haderslev, Denmark and the home ground of SønderjyskE.	Sydbank Park	Denmark
country	Gertak Sanggul is a village in Penang, Malaysia, located on the southwest coast of Penang island.	Gertak Sanggul	Malaysia
country	Kfar Blum (Hebrew: כְּפַר בְּלוּם, lit. Blum Village) is a kibbutz in the Hula Valley part of the Upper Galilee in Israel.	Kfar Blum	Israel
country	Killaqucha (Quechua killa moon, month, qucha lake, ``moon lake'', hispanicized spelling Quellacocha) is a small lake in the Cusco Region in Peru.	Killaqucha	Peru
country	As of 2011 Census of India, Etimoga had a population of 4,076.	Etimoga	India
country	The first known mention of the name ``Prosecco'' is attributed to the Englishman Fynes Moryson, who, visiting the north of Italy in 1593, notes: ``Histria is devided into Forum Julii, and Histria properly so called...	Prosecco	Italy
country	The Kulturfinger is the nickname of a steel-framed tower built during the days of the communist German Democratic Republic that is the tallest building in Neubrandenburg, Germany.	Kulturfinger	Germany
country	Elswout is a historical buitenplaats dating from the 19th century in a park by the same name in Overveen, Netherlands.	Elswout	Netherlands
country	Teuva (Swedish: Östermark) is a municipality of Finland.	Teuva	Finland
country	University Centre Peterborough is a small higher education institution located in Peterborough in the United Kingdom.	University Centre Peterborough	United Kingdom
country	Prousos (Greek: Προυσός) is a village and a former municipality in Evrytania, Greece.	Prousos	Greece
country	The Villgraten Mountains lie mainly in Austria, in the state of Tyrol, with a smaller element in Italy in the province of South Tyrol, in the region of Trentino-South Tyrol.	Villgraten Mountains	Austria
country	The House of the Livonian Noble Corporation (Latvian: Vidzemes bruņniecības nams) is a historical building in Riga, Latvia, constructed to house the Landtag of the Livonian Noble Corporation in the Governorate of Livonia.	House of the Livonian Noble Corporation	Latvia
country	Zaleh (Persian: زله‎) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zaleh	Iran
country	Akome is a town in the Ho West District in the Volta Region of Ghana.	Akome	Ghana
country	Cardam (also, Dzhardam) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cardam	Azerbaijan
country	Mohammad Tip (Persian: محمدتيپ‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Tip, Moḩammad Tīb, and Moḩammad Tib) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Tip	Iran
country	Saharuni (Armenian: Սահարունի) was a region and family of the old Kingdom of Armenia c. 400--800.	Saharuni	Armenia
country	Mechili (Arabic: المخيلي‎) is a small village in Cyrenaica, Libya and the site of a former Turkish fort.	Mechili	Libya
country	Pharmacy Salvator (Slovak: Lekáreň u Salvátora) is a neo-renaissance building and former pharmacy in the Old Town of Bratislava, Slovakia constructed by pharmacist Rudolf Adler in 1904.	Pharmacy Salvator	Slovakia
country	Harar, formerly written Harrar and known to its inhabitants as Gey, is a walled city in eastern Ethiopia.	Harar	Ethiopia
country	Mowtowr-e Dusahnbeh Dust Kam (Persian: موتور دوشنبه دوستكام‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Dūshanbeh Dūst Kām) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Dusahnbeh Dust Kam	Iran
country	European route E662 is a class B road, part of International E-road network in Serbia and Croatia.	European route E662	Serbia	Croatia
country	Brackel (German pronunciation: (ˈbʁaːkəl)) is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Brackel	Germany
country	Alykel Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Алыкель) (IATA: NSK, ICAO: UOOO) is a large airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located 35 km west of Norilsk.	Alykel Airport	Russia
country	Ciemno-Gnojna (ˈt͡ɕemnɔ ˈɡnɔi̯na) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ciemno-Gnojna	Poland
country	Lipnica Castle (Slovene: Lipniški grad, German: Waldenberg), also known as Deserted Castle above the Lipnica (Pusti grad nad Lipnico), is a castle ruin near the settlement of Lipnica in the Upper Carniola (northwestern Slovenia), above a creek of the same name, in the Municipality of Radovljica.	Lipnica Castle	Slovenia
country	The Aryan School is a co-educational independent boarding school in Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India.	The Aryan School	India
country	Gorey railway station (Irish: Stáisiún Ghuaire) is in County Wexford, Ireland.	Gorey railway station	Ireland
country	Nigardsbreen lies about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the village of Gaupne in the Jostedalen valley, Luster, Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Nigardsbreen	Norway
country	The Dunfermline and West Fife UK (or Westminster) constituency, created in 2005 when the previous seats Dunfermline East and Dunfermline West were abolished, elects a Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom by the first past the post system.	Dunfermline	United Kingdom
country	Ķekava parish (Latvian: Ķekavas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Ķekava Municipality, Latvia.	Ķekava parish	Latvia
country	The Aiwan-e-Iqbal, ایوانِ اقبال is monument in the name of Founding father, Dreamer of Pakistan Allama Muhammad Iqbal, also known as Poet of the East, شاعرِ مشرق.	Aiwan-e-Iqbal	Pakistan
country	Overland Corner is a settlement on the Murray River in the Riverland area of South Australia, near Barmera and Cobdogla.	Overland Corner	Australia
country	The Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (German: Bundesanstalt für Arbeitsschutz und Arbeitsmedizin, BAuA) is a German federal agency within the portfolio of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, with responsibility for occupational safety and health throughout Germany.	Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health	Germany
country	Aguada Cecilio is a village and municipality in the Valcheta Department in Río Negro Province in the Patagonian region of Argentina.	Aguada Cecilio	Argentina
country	Qaradırnaq (also, Karadyrnak and Karadyrnakh) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaradırnaq	Azerbaijan
country	Dolnji Zemon (pronounced (ˈdoːlnji ˈzeːmɔn); Italian: Zemon di Sotto) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Reka River south of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Dolnji Zemon	Slovenia
country	The Pécsvárad Abbey was a Benedictine monastery established at Pécsvárad in the Kingdom of Hungary in the first decades of the 11th century.	Pécsvárad Abbey	Hungary
country	Chalga Sar (Persian: چلگاسر‎, also Romanized as Chalgā Sar; also known as Chālkā Sar, Chalkāser, Chilkasar, and Chilkassar) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chalga Sar	Iran
country	The De la Concorde overpass collapse occurred at a bridge over Quebec Autoroute 19 near Montreal, Quebec, Canada, at midday on September 30, 2006.	De la Concorde overpass collapse	Canada
country	Nospitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Malbun, with a height of 2,091 metres (6,860 ft).	Nospitz	Liechtenstein
country	Suchindram Suchindrum is a temple town situated in the southern most district of Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu State, India.	Suchindram	India
country	Tororo Rock is a rock formation located in the town of Tororo in eastern Uganda.	Tororo Rock	Uganda
country	The Suhanko mine is one of the largest platinum group element projects in Finland and in the world.	Suhanko mine	Finland
country	Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr is a Local General Hospital at Ystrad Mynach serving Caerphilly County Borough in Wales, United Kingdom operated by Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board.	Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr	United Kingdom
country	Panenská Rozsíčka (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpanɛnskaːˈrosːiːtʃka)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Panenská Rozsíčka	Czech Republic
country	Wisła Płock (Polish pronunciation: (ˈviswa ˈpwɔt͡sk)) is a Polish football and handball club based in Płock, Poland.	Wisła Płock	Poland
country	The Liujia Line (Chinese: 六家線; pinyin: Liùjiā Xiàn) is a branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line.	Liujia Line	Taiwan
country	Bundoora Secondary College is a public secondary school for girls and boys in years 7 to 12 located in a quiet and leafy residential block on the corner of Balmoral Avenue and Moreton Crescent in Bundoora, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Bundoora Secondary College	Australia
country	The Roosevelt Protected Landscape, also known as Roosevelt Park, is a protected area in the Central Luzon region in the Philippines.	Roosevelt Protected Landscape	Philippines
country	Malijan-e Pain (Persian: مليجان پائين‎, also Romanized as Malījān-e Pā’īn; also known as Malījān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Malijan-e Pain	Iran
country	The Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights (Greek: Υπουργείο Δικαιοσύνης, Διαφάνειας και Ανθρωπίνων Δικαιωμάτων) is the government department entrusted with the supervision of the legal and judicial system of Greece.	Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights	Greece
country	Autódromo Internacional Ayrton Senna is a motorsport race track located in Goiânia, Brazil.	Autódromo Internacional Ayrton Senna	Brazil
country	Castro Verde (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈkaʃtɾu ˈveɾd(ɨ))) is a town and a municipality of the Alentejo region of Portugal (in the historic district of Beja).	Castro Verde	Portugal
country	Luriyani (Persian: لورياني‎, also Romanized as Lūrīyānī; also known as Dansar and Danddesar) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Luriyani	Iran
country	German submarine U-380 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. Her wartime career consisted of 11 patrols and resulted in two ships sunk for 14,063 GRT, one ship damaged, and another of 7,178 GRT that was later declared a total loss.	German submarine U-380	Germany
country	Founded in 1980, the California Coalition Against Sexual Assault (CALCASA) is a membership association of rape crisis centers and sexual assault prevention programs in the State of California, in the United States of America.	California Coalition Against Sexual Assault	United States of America
country	Erbsen is a village in the Flecken (market town) Adelebsen in the Landkreis Göttingen in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Erbsen	Germany
country	Shoeybabad-e Kohneh (Persian: شعيب ابادكهنه‎, also Romanized as Sho``eybābād-e Kohneh) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Shoeybabad-e Kohneh	Iran
country	The Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion (Amharic: ርዕሰ አድባራት ቅድስተ ቅዱሳን ድንግል ማሪያም ፅዮን Re-ese Adbarat Kidiste Kidusan Dingel Maryam Ts’iyon) is the most important church in Ethiopia, and claims to contain the Ark of the Covenant.	Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion	Ethiopia
country	Mahikeng Local Municipality is a local municipality in Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality, Capital City of North West Province, South Africa.	Mahikeng Local Municipality	South Africa
country	The Lantan Lake (Chinese: 蘭潭水庫; pinyin: Lántán Shuǐkù) or Orchid Lake is a lake and reservoir in East District, Chiayi City, Taiwan.	Lantan Lake	Taiwan
country	Winsum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɪnsʏm)) is a municipality and a town in the northeastern Netherlands.	Winsum	Netherlands
country	Wattala is a large suburb of Colombo city, in Western Province, Sri Lanka, a little distance from Colombo city centre.	Wattala	Sri Lanka
country	Einme (Burmese: အိမ္မဲမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar.	Einme	Myanmar
country	Toryan Qeshlaqi (Persian: تريان قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Toryān Qeshlāqī; also known as Toryān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Toryan Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Tamsweg is located on the southern slope of the Schladminger Tauern mountain range within the Central Eastern Alps, in the valley of the upper Mur River, the driest basin in Austria.	Tamsweg	Austria
country	The Palais des congrès de Paris is a concert venue, convention centre and shopping mall in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Palais des congrès de Paris	France
country	The Democratic Constituent Congress (Spanish: Congreso Constituyente Democrático) was a Constituent Assembly created in Peru after the dissolution of Congress by President Alberto Fujimori in 1992.	Democratic Constituent Congress	Peru
country	The Blackburn River is on West Falkland in the Falkland Islands.	Blackburn River	Falkland Islands
country	Korea Maritime and Ocean University is a South Korea's national university for maritime study, transportation science and engineering.	Korea Maritime and Ocean University	South Korea
country	Dash Bolagh Bazar (Persian: داش بلاغ بازار‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh-e Bāzār and Dāsh Bolāgh Bāzār; also known as Dāsh Bolagh) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Bolagh Bazar	Iran
country	The Centro Cultural Gabriela Mistral (GAM) is a cultural center located on 227 Av. Libertador Bernardo O'Higgins, in Santiago de Chile.	Centro Cultural Gabriela Mistral	Chile
country	The Battle of Pyongtaek was the second engagement between United States and North Korean forces during the Korean War, occurring on July 6, 1950 in the village of Pyongtaek in western South Korea.	Battle of Pyongtaek	South Korea
country	Banphai School (Thai: โรงเรียนบ้านไผ่; rtgs: Rongrean Banphai) is a Thailand public high school located in Banphai, Khon Kaen in the Khon Kaen's subdivided district area.	Banphai School	Thailand
country	Celje National Hall (Slovene: Narodni dom) is a city hall in Celje, a town in central-eastern Slovenia.	Celje National Hall	Slovenia
country	'Gwer West' is a Local Government Area of Benue State, Nigeria.	Gwer West	Nigeria
country	Orzelski Młyn (ɔˈʐɛlski ˈmwɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Orzelski Młyn	Poland
country	The Koss River (Arabic هواشناسی: Khor Koss) is a river that flows in a north of northwest direction through the Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan, fed by streams from the Imatong Mountains to the west.	Koss River	South Sudan
country	The Cheras Christian Cemetery is the largest Christian Cemetery in Malaysia.	Cheras Christian Cemetery	Malaysia
country	The Berckelman River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.	Berckelman River	Australia
country	Anand Institute of Higher Technology (ஆனந்த் இன்ஸ்டிடூட் ஆப் ஹையர் டெக்னாலஜி ) is a College of Engineering that is located in Kelambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Anand Institute of Higher Technology	India
country	Ulebergshamn is a village located in Sotenäs Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 205 inhabitants in 2010.	Ulebergshamn	Sweden
country	Spean Thma (Khmer: ស្ពានថ្ម) in Angkor, Cambodia is known as the bridge of stone and it is located west of Ta Keo.	Spean Thma	Cambodia
country	Dishon (Hebrew: דִּישׁוֹן) is a moshav in northern Israel, located along the border with Lebanon, between the towns of Kiryat Shmona and Safed.	Dishon	Israel
country	Thavakkara is a small area located in the heart of Kannur City of Kerala, India.	Thavakkara	India
country	Sant Cugat del Vallès (IPA: (ˈsaŋ kuˈɣad dəɫ βəˈʎɛs)) (pop. 81,745 in 2010) is a town and municipality north of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Cugat del Vallès	Spain
country	The Serra de Ibiapaba (Ibiapaba mountain) also known as Serra Grande, Chapada da Ibiabapa e Cuesta da Ibiapaba, is an upland in northeastern Brazil, which lies on the boundary of Piauí and Ceará states.	Serra de Ibiapaba	Brazil
country	Cheshmeh Madan Siyah (Persian: چشمه معدن سياه‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ma``dan Sīyāh; also known as Cheshmeh Ma``dan) is a village in Doruneh Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42, in 8 families.	Cheshmeh Madan Siyah	Iran
country	The Hamilton Town Belt, also known as the Green Belt, is a series of public parks in Hamilton, New Zealand that surround the original 1877 city boundaries.	Hamilton Town Belt	New Zealand
country	Châlons-en-Champagne (French pronunciation: ​(ʃa.lɔ̃.ɑ̃.ʃɑ̃.paɲ) or (ʃɑ.lɔ̃.ɑ̃.ʃɑ̃.paɲ)) is a city in France.	Châlons-en-Champagne	France
country	Rue Rachel is a street of east-west orientation in Montreal, Canada, found in the Plateau-Mont Royal and Rosemont-La Petite-Patrie districts.	Rue Rachel	Canada
country	Smolany Sadek (smɔˈlanɨ ˈsadɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Smolany Sadek	Poland
country	West Lunga National Park is a remote wildlife haven in dense forest in the North-Western Province of Zambia.	West Lunga National Park	Zambia
country	Gülzow is a town in Lauenburg district in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, founded in the 13th century.	Gülzow	Germany
country	Palmers Cross is a district in south-central Jamaica, located to the east of May Pen in the parish of Clarendon.	Palmers Cross	Jamaica
country	Trichy Engineering College (TEC) is a College of Engineering located in Konalai, a village on the Tiruchirappalli to Chennai national highway, in Tamil Nadu, India.	Trichy Engineering College	India
country	Santa Lucía La Reforma (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsanta luˈsi.a la reˈforma)) is a municipality in the Totonicapán department of Guatemala.	Santa Lucía La Reforma	Guatemala
country	Tía Vicenta (``Aunt Vicenta'') was a satirical current events magazine published in Argentina between 1957 and 1966.	Tía Vicenta	Argentina
country	Tharros (also spelled Tharras, Greek: Θάρρας, Ptol., Tarrae or Tarras) was an ancient city on the west coast of Sardinia, Italy, and is currently an archaeological site near the village of San Giovanni di Sinis, municipality of Cabras, in the Province of Oristano.	Tharros	Italy
country	Baizai (Urdu: بےزائی‎) is a tehsil of Mohmand Agency in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Baizai	Pakistan
country	HM Prison La Moye is a mixed-use prison in the island of Jersey.	HM Prison La Moye	Jersey
country	The Fredericton City Council is the municipal governing body of the city of Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Fredericton City Council	Canada
country	Kuh Mal (Persian: كوه مال‎, also Romanized as Kūh Māl) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kuh Mal	Iran
country	Kaihu is a locality and settlement in Northland, New Zealand.	Kaihu	New Zealand
country	Arnager is a small fishing village in Rønne parish, Bornholm island, Denmark.	Arnager	Denmark
country	The Las Piñas Gabaldon Hall is an old school building in Las Piñas located in the campus of the Las Piñas Central Elementary School in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Las Piñas Gabaldon Hall	Philippines
country	Banjica (Serbian: Бањица, pronounced (bâɲitsa)) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Banjica	Serbia
country	Bolzano Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Bolzano -- Dolomiti, German: Flughafen Bozen -- Dolomiten) (IATA: BZO, ICAO: LIPB) is a small regional airport near Bolzano in the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Bolzano Airport	Italy
country	Yegorlykskaya (Russian: Егорлыкская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Yegorlyksky District in Rostov Oblast, Russia.	Yegorlykskaya	Russia
country	The Late Report was a short-lived news satire show on Australia's Seven Network during 1999.	The Late Report	Australia
country	Grinava (German: Grünau) is a historical village in Slovakia, now a suburb of the town of Pezinok.	Grinava	Slovakia
country	Kurtunwarey District (Somali: Degmada Kurtunwarey) is a district of the southeastern Lower Shebelle (Shabeellaha Hoose) region in Somalia.	Kurtunwarey District	Somalia
country	Layalestan (Persian: ليالستان‎, also Romanized as Layālestān, Līālestān, and Līyālestān; also known as Leyarestān, Līārestān, and Līarestān) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Layalestan	Iran
country	Canaxır (also, Dzha nakhar and Dzhanak hyr) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Canaxır	Azerbaijan
country	Mato Grosso do Sul (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmatu ˈɡɾosu du ˈsuw)) is one of the Central-Western states of Brazil.	Mato Grosso do Sul	Brazil
country	Ituzaingó Yacireta Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Ituzaingó Yacireta, IATA: YTA, ICAO: SARO) is a public use airport located 10 kilometres (6 mi) east-northeast of Ituzaingó, Corrientes, Argentina.	Ituzaingó Yacireta Airport	Argentina
country	Peace River Corridor Provincial Park is a 2014 ha provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	Peace River Corridor Provincial Park	Canada
country	Świdnica Polska (ɕfidˈnit͡sa ˈpɔlska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Świdnica Polska	Poland
country	The Sările-Bisoca mine is a large salt mine located in eastern Romania in Buzău County, close to Bisoca.	Sările-Bisoca mine	Romania
country	Vallø was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in the former Roskilde County on the east coast of the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in east Denmark.	Vallø	Denmark
country	The Mato District (Spanish: Distrito de Mato) is one of 10 districts of the Huaylas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Mato District	Peru
country	The Brown Mountain forest is located in East Gippsland, Victoria (Australia), and is notable for containing large tracts of old growth forest, including over fifty shining gum trees estimated to be over 300 years old.	Brown Mountain forest	Australia
country	Suchedniów (suˈxɛdɲuf) is a town in Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland, with 9,067 inhabitants (2004).	Suchedniów	Poland
country	Liên Chung is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Yên District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam.	Liên Chung	Vietnam
country	Until 1 January 2007 Bramming was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Ribe County on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark.	Bramming	Denmark
country	Hemne Church (Norwegian: Hemne kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Hemne Church	Norway
country	The Fiescher Glacier (Fieschergletscher in German) is a valley glacier on the south side of the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Fiescher Glacier	Switzerland
country	Flawil is a municipality in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland with somewhat short of 10,000 inhabitants.	Flawil	Switzerland
country	Celje Hall (Slovene: Celjski dom) is a community center in Celje, a town in central-eastern Slovenia.	Celje Hall	Slovenia
country	The Central Sofia Cemetery (Bulgarian: Централни софийски гробища, Tsentralni sofiyski grobishta) or the Orlandovtsi Cemetery (``Орландовци'') is the main cemetery in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Central Sofia Cemetery	Bulgaria
country	University College Hospital at Westmoreland Street, named The Heart Hospital until refurbished and renamed in 2015, was a specialist cardiac hospital located in London, United Kingdom until 2015.	University College Hospital at Westmoreland Street	United Kingdom
country	Saint Petersburg Lyceum 30 (Russian: Физико-математический лицей №30), is a public high school in Saint Petersburg, Russia that specializes in mathematics and physics.	Saint Petersburg Lyceum 30	Russia
country	Herri Urrats (Basque for 'a people's step') is an annual festival held the second Sunday of May to reach out to the ikastolak ('Basque language schools') in the Northern Basque Country, France.	Herri Urrats	France
country	Waleńczów (vaˈlɛɲt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Waleńczów	Poland
country	Küçəkənd (also, Kyuchakend) is a village and municipality in the Ujar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Küçəkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Østerport Station (Danish: Østerport station) is a main line and S-train railway station in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Østerport Station	Denmark
country	São João da Fronteira (Portuguese meaning ``Saint John of the frontier'') is a municipality in the western part of the state of Piauí in Brazil.	São João da Fronteira	Brazil
country	Padula Charterhouse, in Italian Certosa di Padula (or Certosa di San Lorenzo di Padula), is a large Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse, located in the town of Padula, in the Cilento National Park (near Salerno) in Southern Italy.	Certosa di Padula	Italy
country	The Kingston Police Force was established by the Common Council of Kingston on December 20, 1841 to control the lawlessness happening in the then Province of Canada capital of 8,500 inhabitants.	Kingston Police	Canada
country	Jalan Cheeding (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia	Jalan Cheeding	Malaysia
country	Kotri Bridge (Urdu: کوٹری پل ‎) is situated between Kotri and Hyderabad on Indus river in Pakistan.	Kotri Bridge	Pakistan
country	Kaugama is a Local Government Area in the north of Jigawa State, Nigeria.	Kaugama	Nigeria
country	Varvazin (Persian: وروزين‎, also Romanized as Varvazīn) is a village in Razan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Varvazin	Iran
country	Flaten is a lake in southern Stockholm, Sweden, located just north of Lake Drevviken.	Flaten	Sweden
country	Port Augusta Airport (IATA: PUG, ICAO: YPAG) is an airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) west of Port Augusta, South Australia.	Port Augusta Airport	Australia
country	Cordillera de Queule is a minor mountain range in the border of La Araucanía Region and Los Ríos Region, southern Chile.	Cordillera de Queule	Chile
country	Tororo Girls Secondary School, commonly known as Tororo Girls School (TGS), is an all-girls boarding school covering grades 8 -13 in the Eastern Region of Uganda.	Tororo Girls School	Uganda
country	Funafuti International Airport (IATA: FUN, ICAO: NGFU) is an airport in Funafuti, capital of the island nation of Tuvalu.	Funafuti International Airport	Tuvalu
country	The Press Museum (Dutch: Persmuseum) is a museum of journalistic heritage in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Press Museum	Netherlands
country	Qosur (Persian: قصور‎, also Romanized as Qoşūr) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qosur	Iran
country	Poredy-Leśniczówka (pɔˈrɛdɨ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Poredy-Leśniczówka	Poland
country	Fern Pass (elevation 1212 m) is a mountain pass in the Tyrolean Alps in Austria.	Fern Pass	Austria
country	Barakoni Church of the Mother of God (Georgian: ბარაკონის ღვთისმშობლის ტაძარი), commonly known as Barakoni (ბარაკონი), is an Orthodox church in Georgia, near the town of Ambrolauri, in the village of Tsesi of mountainous western province of Racha (modern-day Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti).	Barakoni	Georgia
country	Nimb Hotel, or simply the Nimb, is a five-star boutique hotel in the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nimb Hotel	Denmark
country	The Autovía CA-33 is an autovía in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Autovía CA-33	Spain
country	Dja Faunal Reserve, located in south eastern Cameroon, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site inscribed in 1987.	Dja Faunal Reserve	Cameroon
country	Garhi Harsaru is a town and railway station in Gurgaon district of Haryana state in India.	Garhi Harsaru	India
country	Parham, Ontario is located an hour north of Kingston, Ontario and two hours west of Canada's capital, Ottawa, Ontario.	Parham, Ontario	Canada
country	Kisnána is a village in Heves county, Hungary, located 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Gyöngyös to the northeast.	Kisnána	Hungary
country	SexyPöxyt (which translates as ``Sexy Pants'') is a football club from Laaksolahti in Espoo, Finland.	SexyPöxyt	Finland
country	The Gilgel Gibe I Dam is a rock-filled embankment dam on the Omo River in Ethiopia.	Gilgel Gibe I Dam	Ethiopia
country	Mindanao State University (commonly referred to as MSU Main) is a public coeducational institution of higher education and research located in the Islamic City of Marawi, Philippines.	Mindanao State University	Philippines
country	Egilsstaðir is a town in east Iceland on the banks of the Lagarfljót river.	Egilsstaðir	Iceland
country	Muqeible or Muqeibla (Arabic: مقيبلة‎, Hebrew: מֻקֵיבִּלָה), meaning ``The front place'', is an Arab town in Israel's North District, situated in the Jezreel Valley between Jenin in the West Bank and the Ta'anakh area.	Muqeible	Israel
country	Golder Cottage is one of the oldest surviving colonial houses in Upper Hutt, New Zealand.	Golder Cottage	New Zealand
country	The Huaron mine is a large silver mine located in the center of Peru in Pasco Region.	Huaron mine	Peru
country	Aghlan (Persian: اغلان‎, also Romanized as Āghlān) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghlan	Iran
country	Föreningsbanken was a rural and agriculturally-focused Swedish bank, with branches all over Sweden, which merged with Sparbanken in 1997 to create FöreningsSparbanken.	Föreningsbanken	Sweden
country	Boksitogorsk (Russian: Бокситого́рск) is a town and the administrative center of Boksitogorsky District in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the banks of the Pyardomlya River in the basin of the Syas River, 245 kilometers (152 mi) east of St. Petersburg.	Boksitogorsk	Russia
country	The Ottawa Science Fiction Society, Inc., or OSFS (pron:``Oss-Fuss'') is a membership fan club in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Science Fiction Society	Canada
country	Füzuli (also, Fizuli, Karjagino, Karyagino, and Sardar) is a city and the capital of the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Füzuli	Azerbaijan
country	Bilukeh (Persian: بيلوكه‎, also Romanized as Bīlūkeh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bilukeh	Iran
country	As a Marist Institution, Notre Dame of Dadiangas University is affiliated with Marist Schools in the Philippines and linked internationally with University of Alcalá, Spain, Universidad Marista, A.C. Mexico City, Universidad Marista, Guadalajara, Mexico, Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná and Universidad Marista, De San Luis Potosí, Mexico.	Notre Dame of Dadiangas University	Philippines
country	Potkanna (pɔtˈkanna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Potkanna	Poland
country	Bontaqin (Persian: بن طاقين‎, also Romanized as Bonţāqīn; also known as Banţāgān, Bon Taghin, and Bonţāqān) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bontaqin	Iran
country	Tęczki (ˈtɛnt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tęczki	Poland
country	Yord-e Khordu (Persian: يردخردو‎, also Romanized as Yord-e Khordū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Yord-e Khordu	Iran
country	Satakunta Museum, (Finnish: Satakunnan Museo, Swedish: Satakunda Museum) is a historical museum in the city of Pori, Finland.	Satakunta Museum	Finland
country	Enrique Adolfo Jiménez Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Enrique Adolfo Jiménez) (IATA: ONX, ICAO: MPEJ) is a International airport located in Colón, Panama, offering scheduled airline flights to Panama City, and to other destinations.	Enrique Adolfo Jiménez Airport	Panama
country	Yuvalim was the first communal settlement to be established in Israel.	Yuvalim	Israel
country	Tuyqun (Persian: طويقون‎, also Romanized as Tūyqūn) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tuyqun	Iran
country	Ziadiyah (Arabic: زيادية‎) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Nahiya Akhtarin of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo.	Ziadiyah	Syria
country	The Hedmark Museum (Hedmarksmuseet og Domkirkeodden in Norwegian) in Hamar, Norway is a regional museum for the municipalities of Stange, Hamar (which now includes Vang i Hedmark), Løten, and Ringsaker in central eastern Norway.	Hedmark Museum	Norway
country	Ngapudaw Township or Ngaputaw Township (Burmese: ငပုတော်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Pathein District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar.	Ngapudaw Township	Myanmar
country	Pristava ob Krki (pronounced (pɾiˈstaːʋa ɔp ˈkəɾki)) is a small village on the right bank of the Krka River east of Podbočje in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Pristava ob Krki	Slovenia
country	The Triangle Program is an alternative education program in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, designed for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students who are at risk of dropping out or committing suicide because of homophobic and transphobic harassment in regular schools.	Triangle Program	Canada
country	Nichola Town (Nicola Town) is a town in the northeast of the island of Saint Kitts, in Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Nichola Town	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Shahu (Persian: موتورمحمدشاهو‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Shāhū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Shahu	Iran
country	Okhotsky-Perevoz (Russian: Охотский-Перевоз) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Okhot-Perevozovsky Rural Okrug of Tomponsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 120 kilometers (75 mi) from Khandyga, the administrative center of the district.	Okhotsky-Perevoz	Russia
country	The Ontario Press Council was a voluntary media adjudication body which investigates complaints about newspapers in Ontario, Canada.	Ontario Press Council	Canada
country	The Batang Ai Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam in Batang Ai National Park in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Batang Ai Dam	Malaysia
country	Tal Gudaband (Persian: تل گودبند‎, also Romanized as Tal Gūdaband) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tal Gudaband	Iran
country	CBOT-DT, virtual channel 4.1 (UHF channel 25), is a CBC Television owned-and-operated television station located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	CBOT-DT	Canada
country	Mae Ukho (Thai: แม่อูคอ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Khun Yuam District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Mae Ukho	Thailand
country	The Rauflihorn (also known as Blutlighorn) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located east of St. Stephan in the Bernese Oberland, Switzerland.	Rauflihorn	Switzerland
country	Breg pri Zagradcu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːk pɾi zaˈɡɾaːtsu)) is a small settlement east of Zagradec on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Breg pri Zagradcu	Slovenia
country	The K'ómoks First Nation, also known as the Comox Indian Band, is the band government of the Island Comox or K'ómoks people of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	K'ómoks First Nation	Canada
country	Freiberg (German for ``free barrow'') is a university and mining town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Freiberg	Germany
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Duluth was a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Episcopal Diocese of Duluth	United States of America
country	Jambi City (Indonesian: Kota Jambi) is a city in Indonesia, capital of Jambi province, on the island of Sumatra.	Jambi City	Indonesia
country	The Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute (Swedish: Sveriges Meteorologiska och Hydrologiska Institut, abbreviated SMHI) is a Government agency in Sweden and operates under the Ministry of the Environment.	Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute	Sweden
country	Valikamam (Tamil: வலிகாமம் valikāmam, Sinhalese: වැලිගම) is one of the three historic regions of Jaffna peninsula in northern Sri Lanka.	Valikamam	Sri Lanka
country	The Wickham Heights (Spanish: Alturas Rivadavia ) are a rugged chain of mountains on East Falkland in the Falkland Islands.	Wickham Heights	Falkland Islands
country	Melleh Kangun (Persian: مله كنگون‎, also Romanized as Melleh Kangūn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Melleh Kangun	Iran
country	Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar is an open-air museum and heritage park in Bagac, Bataan, Philippines.	Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar	Philippines
country	Ordowt-e Darvish (Persian: اردوت درويش‎, also Romanized as Ordowt-e Darvīsh) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ordowt-e Darvish	Iran
country	Ligota Bialska (lʲiˈɡɔta ˈbʲalska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ligota Bialska	Poland
country	Gug Qash (Persian: گوگقاش‎, also Romanized as Gūg Qāsh and Gūgqāsh) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gug Qash	Iran
country	Ilidža (pronounced (i.lǐ.dʒa)) is a municipality of Sarajevo Canton in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ilidža	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Villa Portales Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Villa Portales, ICAO: SCQY) is a public use airport located 1 kilometre (1 mi) east-northeast of Lonquimay, La Araucanía, Chile.	Villa Portales Airport	Chile
country	Sang Darka (Persian: سنگدركا‎, also Romanized as Sang Darkā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sang Darka	Iran
country	Tarn Taran Sahib (Punjabi: ਤਰਨ ਤਾਰਨ ਸਾਹਿਬ) is a city in the state of Punjab, in northern India.	Tarn Taran Sahib	India
country	Vunakapeake is a village located on the north coast of the Gazelle Peninsula on the island of New Britain, East New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea.	Vunakapeake	Papua New Guinea
country	Bertenacre Military Cemetery is a British military cemetery with casualties from both world wars, located in the French town of Flêtre in the Nord department in northern France.	Bertenacre Military Cemetery	France
country	Saxion University of Applied Sciences is a Dutch vocational university with four campuses in the eastern Netherlands.	Saxion University of Applied Sciences	Netherlands
country	Guanacaste Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by the Sistema Nacional de Areas de Conservacion (SINAC) of Costa Rica for the purposes of conservation in the northwestern part of Costa Rica.	Guanacaste Conservation Area	Costa Rica
country	The Free German Trade Union Federation, in German Freier Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (FDGB), was the trade union federation in East Germany.	Free German Trade Union Federation	East Germany
country	Rosales Airport is an airfield located in Barangay Carmen, Rosales, Pangasinan, in the Philippines.	Rosales Airport	Philippines
country	Trancura River (also known as Pucón River or Minetúe River) is a river located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile.	Trancura River	Chile
country	The Uda or Udy River (Уда) is a river that rises in Belgorod Oblast of Russia and runs through Kharkiv Oblast of Ukraine before entering the Seversky Donets near Chuguyev.	Udy River	Russia	Ukraine
country	Founded in 1962, the American School of Milan (ASM) is an independent educational institution located on the outskirts of Milan, Italy.	American School of Milan	Italy
country	Skłoby (ˈskwɔbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skłoby	Poland
country	FM- and TV-mast Helsinki-Espoo is a mast located on Harmaakallio hill near Latokaski, Espoo, Finland.	FM- and TV-mast Helsinki-Espoo	Finland
country	Chal Khazineh (Persian: چال خزينه‎, also Romanized as Chāl Khazīneh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chal Khazineh	Iran
country	Dongxihu District (simplified Chinese: 东西湖区; traditional Chinese: 東西湖區; pinyin: Dōngxīhú qū; literally: ``east west lake'') is one of 13 districts of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, forming part of the city's western suburbs.	Dongxihu District	People's Republic of China
country	Khamir Rural District (Persian: دهستان خمير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khamir Rural District	Iran
country	Bangladesh Nazrul Sena has established the Nazrul Sena School, which is a well-known kindergarten school in Mymensingh.	Nazrul Sena School	Bangladesh
country	Djurgårdsbrunnskanalen (Swedish: ``The Djurgården Well Canal'') is a canal in central Stockholm, Sweden, separating the island Djurgården from the northern mainland (or more correctly Southern and Northern Djurgården).	Djurgårdsbrunnskanalen	Sweden
country	Mount Zuqualla (also spelled Zuquala or Chukala) is an extinct volcano in the Oromia region of Ethiopia.	Mount Zuqualla	Ethiopia
country	Fürstenberg-Baar was a County of medieval Germany, located in southern Baden-Württemberg in the territory of Baar.	Fürstenberg-Baar	Germany
country	Alad (Persian: اعلاڈ‎, also Romanized as Āʿlāɖ; also known as A``lā) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 735, in 143 families.	Alad	Iran
country	Guarapiche River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela.	Guarapiche River	Venezuela
country	Dammbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany, and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Mespelbrunn, whose seat is in Heimbuchenthal.	Dammbach	Germany
country	Valtajeros is a municipality in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Valtajeros	Spain
country	Planina na Pohorju (pronounced (plaˈniːna na ˈpoːxɔrju)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zreče in northeastern Slovenia.	Planina na Pohorju	Slovenia
country	Dilbeek (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdɪlbeːk)) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, in Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.	Dilbeek	Belgium
country	Gmina Radzyń Podlaski is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gmina Radzyń Podlaski	Poland
country	TransWorld University (TWU; Chinese: 環球科技大學) is a private university in Douliu City, Yunlin County, Taiwan.	TransWorld University	Taiwan
country	Beacon Light Academy is an GCE Ordinary Level international school in Pakistan.	Beacon Light Academy	Pakistan
country	East Perth Gas Works was built in 1922 for the Perth City Council to produce town gas from coal, supplying the city of Perth in Western Australia.	East Perth Gas Works	Australia
country	Kitovu Hospital is a hospital in Kitovu, a neighborhood within the city of Masaka, Masaka District, Central Uganda.	Kitovu Hospital	Uganda
country	Deh-e Mohammad (Persian: ده محمد‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Moḩammad, Deh-i-Muhammad, and Deh Mohammad) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Mohammad	Iran
country	Iwiczno (iˈvit͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Iwiczno	Poland
country	Pliskovica (pronounced (ˈpliːskɔʋitsa)) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Italy.	Pliskovica	Slovenia
country	The Drom HaSharon Regional Council (Hebrew: מוֹעָצָה אֲזוֹרִית דְּרוֹם הַשָׁרוֹן, translit. Mo'atza Azorit Drom HaSharon, lit. Southern Sharon Regional Council) is a regional council in the Sharon region in central Israel.	Drom HaSharon Regional Council	Israel
country	Hunasagi (Hunsagi, Kannada: ಹುಣಸಗಿ ) is a town in the Shorapur taluk of Yadgir district in Karnataka state, India.	Hunasagi	India
country	Kortelisy is a village in Ukraine which was destroyed on September 23, 1942 by Germany during the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II. Almost the entire population of 2,892 people were killed.	Kortelisy	Ukraine
country	The Rabat American School is an independent preparatory day school located in Rabat, Morocco.	Rabat American School	Morocco
country	Lengberg Castle is a medieval castle in Nikolsdorf, East Tyrol, Austria, about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) east of Lienz.	Lengberg Castle	Austria
country	Oppido Mamertina (Greek-Calabrian dialect: Oppidù, Ofidus) is a town and comune of the province of Reggio Calabria in Calabria in southern Italy at about 62 kilometres (39 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria and about 120 kilometres (75 mi) southwest of Catanzaro.	Oppido Mamertina	Italy
country	Esil (Russian: Есиль) is a town in northern-central Kazakhstan.	Esil	Kazakhstan
country	The University of Greifswald Faculty of Business and Law (German: Rechts- und Staatswissenschaftliche Fakultät der Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald) is one of five faculties of the university that is situated in Greifswald, Germany.	University of Greifswald Faculty of Business and Law	Germany
country	Molovata Nouă is a commune located in Dubăsari district of the Republic of Moldova, on the eastern bank of the River Dniester.	Molovata Nouă	Moldova
country	Slavište, also known as the Kriva Palanka Plain, is a historical region around Kriva Palanka, in northeastern Republic of Macedonia, once by the medieval fortified town of Slavište, also known as Gradište, west of the modern town.	Slavište	Macedonia
country	The Wye Marsh is a wetland area on the south shores of Georgian Bay in Ontario, Canada.	Wye Marsh	Canada
country	Pinacoteca Diego Rivera is an art gallery in the city of Xalapa, in Veracruz state, of eastern Mexico.	Pinacoteca Diego Rivera	Mexico
country	Bregenz (German pronunciation: (ˈbʁeːgɛnt͡s)) is the capital of Vorarlberg, the westernmost federal state of Austria.	Bregenz	Austria
country	As of 2011 India census, Choutuppal is a Census Town city in district of Nalgonda, Telangana.	Choutuppal	India
country	Geršiči (pronounced (ˈɡeːɾʃitʃi)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Geršiči	Slovenia
country	Ahangar (Persian: اهنگر‎, also Romanized as Āhangar) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahangar	Iran
country	Victoria College School is a school in Amman, Jordan.	Victoria College School	Jordan
country	The Bekhme Dam is an unfinished multi-purpose rock-fill dam on the Great Zab 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Arbil, in the Arbil Governorate of Iraqi Kurdistan, northern Iraq.	Bekhme Dam	Iraq
country	Cheriktey (Russian: Чериктей) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Cherikteysky Rural Okrug of Ust-Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 91 kilometers (57 mi) from Borogontsy, the administrative center of the district.	Cheriktey	Russia
country	Denarau Island is a small private island in the Republic of the Fiji Island, west of the main island of Viti Levu.	Denarau Island	Fiji
country	Jimaní is the capital and the second largest city of the Independencia Province of the Dominican Republic.	Jimaní	Dominican Republic
country	Kollafjørður (Danish: Kollefjord) is a village in the Faroe Islands, located on the island of Streymoy.	Kollafjørður	Faroe Islands
country	Whenuapai is a suburb and Aerodrome located in the western Waitakere area of Auckland City, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Whenuapai	New Zealand
country	The Lao People's Liberation Army Air Force (LPLAAF) is the air force of Laos.	Lao People's Liberation Army Air Force	Laos
country	The Raven Crown (Dzongkha: དབུ་ཞྭ་བྱ་རོག་ཅན་; Wylie: dbu-zhva bya-rog-can) is worn by the Kings of Bhutan.	Raven Crown	Bhutan
country	Fred Antoine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 25 kilometres northwest of Lillooet, British Columbia.	Fred Antoine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Prossa is a lake in central Estonia, north of the capital Tartu and close to the border with Russia.	Prossa	Estonia
country	Armenpress (Armenian Press; Armenian: Արմենպրես) is the oldest and the main state news agency in Armenia.	Armenpress	Armenia
country	Do Biran-e Sofla (Persian: دوبيران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Do Bīrān-e Soflá; also known as Band Sar) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Do Biran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Darreh Chapi-ye Jowkar (Persian: دره چپي جوكار‎, also Romanized as Darreh Chapī-ye Jowkār; also known as Darreh Chapī) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Chapi-ye Jowkar	Iran
country	Double Coffee is a coffee house company based in Latvia.	Double Coffee	Latvia
country	The Winchester Hat Fair is the UK's longest running festival of Street Theatre, comedy, and music which is held in Winchester, United Kingdom, always during the first weekend in July.	Winchester Hat Fair	United Kingdom
country	Jaffna Central College (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணம் மத்திய கல்லூரி Yāḻppāṇam Mattiya Kallūri, JCC) is a national school in Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Jaffna Central College	Sri Lanka
country	Qashqa Tappeh (Persian: قاشقاتپه‎, also Romanized as Qāshqā Tappeh; also known as Qashqeh Tappeh) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qashqa Tappeh	Iran
country	Ali Malek (Persian: علي ملك‎, also Romanized as ``Ālī Malek; Alīmalek, and ``Alī Molk) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 55 families.	Ali Malek	Iran
country	Beaumont-sur-Sarthe, also known as Beaumont-le-Vicomte, is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.	Beaumont-sur-Sarthe	France
country	Samiko (Greek: Σαμικό, before 1923: Αλή Τσελεπή - Ali Tselepi) is a village in the municipality of Skillounta, Elis, Greece.	Samiko	Greece
country	The Institute of Indigenous Government, Canada's First Nations College, is a publicly funded post-secondary education institute located in Burnaby, British Columbia.	Institute of Indigenous Government	Canada
country	The Tower Financial Center (also known as TowerBank) is an 57-story office skyscraper of 255 meters located on Calle 50, Panama City.	Tower Financial Center	Panama
country	Dildarnagar Gaon is a very old Village in Zamania Tahsil India & state of Uttar Pradesh.	Dildarnagar Gao	India
country	Onguday (Russian: Онгудай, Altay: Оҥдой) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Ongudaysky District of the Altai Republic, Russia, located on the Ursul River, 210 kilometers (130 mi) from the town Gorno-Altaysk, the capital of the republic.	Onguday	Russia
country	Ushuaia Aeroclub (Spanish: Aeroclub Ushuaia, ICAO: SAWO) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Ushuaia, Tierra del Fuego Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur, Argentina.	Ushuaia Aeroclub	Argentina
country	Kościerzyna County (Polish: powiat kościerski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Kościerzyna County	Poland
country	Chitato is a municipality of the province of Lunda Norte, in Angola.	Chitato	Angola
country	Birinci Ərəbcəbirli (also, Arabdzhabirli Pervoye and Arab-Dzhabirly Pervoye) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Birinci Ərəbcəbirli	Azerbaijan
country	Pakir Mahmud (Persian: پكيرمحمود‎, also Romanized as Pakīr Maḩmūd) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pakir Mahmud	Iran
country	Morbegno (Lombard: Murbegn) is a little town in the low Valtellina Valley in Italy, on the left side of the Adda river.	Morbegno	Italy
country	Vigan Cathedral, canonically known as the Metropolitan Cathedral of the Conversion of St. Paul the Apostle is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vigan, Ilocos Sur, Philippines.	Vigan Cathedral	Philippines
country	Stora Förö is a small island in the Southern Gothenburg Archipelago of western Sweden, which belongs to the Delfin summer home society.	Stora Förö	Sweden
country	Meskheti (Georgian: მესხეთი), also known as Samtskhe (Georgian: სამცხე), is in a mountainous area of Moschia in southwestern Georgia.	Meskheti	Georgia
country	Riebeek East (Afrikaans: Riebeek-Oos) is a village in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, set 42 km west of Grahamstown.	Riebeek East	South Africa
country	Prusowo (pruˈsɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prusowo	Poland
country	London Iranian Film Festival is an annual, independent film festival held in London, United Kingdom.	London Iranian Film Festival	United Kingdom
country	The Musone (Latin: Misco) is a river in the Marche region of Italy.	Musone	Italy
country	Řežabinec a Řežabinecké tůně (Řežabinec and Ponds of Řežabinec) is a national nature reserve situated among the villages of Kestřany, Ražice and Putim in Písek District in the Czech Republic.	Řežabinec a Řežabinecké tůně	Czech Republic
country	3MDR is one of many Community radio stations broadcasting in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	3MDR	Australia
country	Nelson A. Boylen Collegiate Institute (Nelson A. Boylen CI, NABCI, Boylen CI, or Boylen; originally Nelson A. Boylen Secondary School) is a former Toronto District School Board high school located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada operated from 1966 to 2015.	Nelson A. Boylen Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Shahada-ye Deli Khomsir (Persian: شهدادلي خمسير‎, also Romanized as Shahadā-ye Delī Khomsīr) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shahada-ye Deli Khomsir	Iran
country	Iloilo River Esplanade is an esplanade along Iloilo River in Mandurriao, Iloilo City, Philippines that was opened on August 18, 2012.	Iloilo River Esplanade	Philippines
country	The National University of Tucumán (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de Tucumán, UNT) is an Argentine national university located in Tucumán Province and the largest in Argentina's northwest region.	National University of Tucumán	Argentina
country	Dighavapi (Pali, ``long reservoir'') is a Buddhist sacred shrine and an archaeological site in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka, boasting of historical records dating back to the 3rd century BCE.	Dighavapi	Sri Lanka
country	A Coruña railway station, also known as A Coruña-San Cristovo, is a railway terminus in A Coruña, Spain.	A Coruña railway station	Spain
country	Veyisli (known as Çalaberti until 1998) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Veyisli	Azerbaijan
country	The Magellan Shrine is a large memorial tower erected in 1866 in honor of the Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan on the Mactan Island of Cebu, the Philippines.	Magellan Shrine	Philippines
country	Bärenburg is a village near to Andeer in Switzerland	Bärenburg	Switzerland
country	Farø is an island in Denmark, located between the islands Sjælland and Falster.	Farø	Denmark
country	Celle di San Vito (Arpitan: Cèles de Sant Vuite, IPA: (ˈsɛləs də ˈsɑ̃t ˈvɥit)) is a town and comune in the province of Foggia of the Apulia region in central southeast Italy.	Celle di San Vito	Italy
country	Pribylina is a village in Liptovský Mikuláš District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia, at the foot of Kriváň, Slovakia's symbolic and often considered most beautiful mountain.	Pribylina	Slovakia
country	Melbu Church (Norwegian: Melbu kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county, Norway.	Melbu Church	Norway
country	The Sokh River (Russian: Сох, IPA: (ˈsox)) is a river in Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan.	Sokh River	Kyrgyzstan	Uzbekistan
country	The Methven Branch was a branch line railway that was part of New Zealand's national rail network in Canterbury.	Methven Branch	New Zealand
country	Kietrz (kʲɛtʂ) (German: Katscher, Czech: Ketř) is a town in Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Kietrz	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Hasan Zemani (Persian: مزرعه حسن زماني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩasan Zemānī) is a village in Hashivar Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hasan Zemani	Iran
country	The Royal Bahamas Defence Force (RBDF) is the navy of The Bahamas.	Royal Bahamas Defence Force	The Bahamas
country	The Pan Island Expressway (Abbreviation: PIE) is the oldest and longest of Singapore's expressways.	Pan Island Expressway	Singapore
country	Qeshlaq-e Ali Akbar Jafar (Persian: قشلاق علي اكبرجعفر‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e ʿAlī Akbar Jaʿfar) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Ali Akbar Jafar	Iran
country	Tiyas (Arabic: التياس‎, also known as al-Safa Arabic: الصفا‎) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, east of Homs.	Tiyas	Syria
country	Monterosso Almo (Sicilian: Muntirrussu) is a comune in the province of Ragusa, Sicilia, Italy.	Monterosso Almo	Italy
country	Jabłoń-Śliwowo (ˈjabwɔɲ ɕliˈvɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Śliwowo	Poland
country	Motta Santa Lucia is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro, Calabria, southern Italy.	Motta Santa Lucia	Italy
country	El'ad, also spelled Elad (Hebrew: אלעד‎), is a city in the Center District of Israel.	El'ad	Israel
country	Ramingining Airport (IATA: RAM, ICAO: YRNG) is an airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southwest of Ramingining, Northern Territory, Australia.	Ramingining Airport	Australia
country	Shangla Pass connects Swat District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan with Shangla District, with further connections beyond to Gilgit Baltistan.	Shangla Pass	Pakistan
country	Strongylos (Greek: Στρογγυλός, Turkish: Turunçlu) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 5 km (3 mi) northwest of Vatili.	Strongylos	Cyprus
country	Dalsland is a Swedish traditional province, or landskap, situated in Götaland in southern Sweden.	Dalsland	Sweden
country	Wanda Jandar is a village in Dera Ismail Khan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan, 12 kilometers from Darra Pezu.	Wanda Jandar	Pakistan
country	Příbor (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpr̝̊iːbor); German: Freiberg in Mähren) is a town in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Příbor	Czech Republic
country	The Concord Foreshore Trail is a walking track in the inner-west of Sydney, Australia.	Concord Foreshore Trail	Australia
country	Rajuneh (Persian: راجونه‎, also Romanized as Rājūneh) is a village in Zirab Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rajuneh	Iran
country	Dolanlar (Armenian: Արեւաշատ Arevashat) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Dolanlar	Azerbaijan
country	Tsanteleina (3,601m) is a mountain of the Graian Alps located on the border between Savoie, France and Aosta Valley, Italy.	Tsanteleina	Italy
country	Tychów (ˈtɨxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tychów	Poland
country	The Jacumba Mountains are a mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges system, located in eastern San Diego County, Southern California, near the U.S. border with Mexico.	Jacumba Mountains	Mexico
country	Zloganje (pronounced (ˈzloːɡanjɛ)) is a village just north of Škocjan in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Zloganje	Slovenia
country	Nahuelbuta National Park (Spanish pronunciation: (nawelˈβuta)) is one of the few parks located in La Araucanía Region of Chile's Coastal Mountain Range.	Nahuelbuta National Park	Chile
country	The Brisbane Women's Club is a club for women, one of first in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Brisbane Women's Club	Australia
country	One of the best known surfing waves on Siargao and the Philippines, with a worldwide reputation for thick, hollow tubes is ``Cloud 9''.	Siargao	Philippines
country	Merced District, the second ``distrito'' of San José Canton, in Costa Rica, is one of the four administrative units that form San José downtown properly.	Merced District	Costa Rica
country	Quatsino Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Quatsino Sound on northern Vancouver Island.	Quatsino Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Frankfurter Kreuz (Frankfurt Cross) is an Autobahn interchange in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, where the autobahns A3 and A5 meet.	Frankfurter Kreuz	Germany
country	Lubachów (luˈbaxuf) (German: Breitenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lubachów	Poland
country	Sapporo Maruyama Baseball Stadium (札幌市円山球場), is a baseball stadium in Sapporo, Hokkaidō, Japan.	Maruyama Baseball Stadium	Japan
country	Ózd (ˈoːzd) is a town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary, 40 km (25 mi) from the county seat of Miskolc.	Ózd	Hungary
country	The Temple Expiatori del Sagrat Cor (Catalan pronunciation: (səˈɣɾat ˈkɔr); English: Expiatory Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, Spanish: Templo Expiatorio del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús) is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica located on the summit of Mount Tibidabo in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Temple Expiatori del Sagrat Cor	Spain
country	The 1999 European Grand Prix (formally the XLIII Warsteiner Grand Prix d'Europe) was a Formula One motor race held on 26 September 1999 at the Nürburgring in Nürburg, Germany.	1999 European Grand Prix	Germany
country	Isdell River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, named in 1898 by explorer Frank Hann after James Isdell JP, prominent pastoralist, miner and pearler, and later MP.	Isdell River	Australia
country	Købmagergade is a pedestrian shopping street in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Købmagergade	Denmark
country	Kurtoed Province (Dzongkha: ཀུར་སྟོད་; Wylie: kur-stod; ``Upper Kur'') was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan.	Kurtoed Province	Bhutan
country	The Barmah National Park is an internationally recognised wetland, listed under the Ramsar Convention, and a number of bird species that utilise the Barmah National Park are part of the Japan-Australia Migratory Bird Agreement (JAMBA) and the China-Australia Migratory Bird Agreement (CAMBA).	Barmah National Park	Australia
country	Residenzplatz is a large, stately square in the heart of the historic center of Salzburg, Salzburgerland in Austria.	Residenzplatz	Austria
country	Khoy County (Persian: شهرستان خوی‎‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Khoy County	Iran
country	The San Lorenzo Department (in Spanish, Departamento San Lorenzo) is an administrative subdivision (departamento) of Santa Fe Province, Argentina.	San Lorenzo Department	Argentina
country	Ludeiros is a village located in northwestern Spain in the Ourense Province and the autonomous region of Galicia.	Ludeiros	Spain
country	Dobrusevo (Dobruševo) is a city in the Mogila Municipality of Macedonia, and is located at 41.169°N 21.483°E. Its FIPS code was MK26.	Dobrusevo	Macedonia
country	Çayarxı (also, Chayarkhy) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çayarxı	Azerbaijan
country	Dover has an oceanic climate (Koppen classification Cfb) similar to the rest of the United Kingdom with mild temperatures year-round and a light amount of rainfall each month.	Dover	United Kingdom
country	National Glyptotheque (Greek: Εθνική Γλυπτοθήκη) is a sculpture museum located in Athens, Greece.	National Glyptotheque	Greece
country	Daegu Physical Education High School is special-education school in Daegu in South Korea.	Daegu Physical Education High School	South Korea
country	Hoogland (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦoːxlɑnt)) is a village and former free-standing municipality in the province of Utrecht in the Netherlands.	Hoogland	Netherlands
country	Kootenay East (also known as Kootenay East--Revelstoke) was a federal electoral district in British Columbia, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1917 to 1968 and from 1979 to 1997.	Kootenay East	Canada
country	Orisol, also Oriol or Orixol, is a mountain of Spain, located in the Basque Mountains of the province of Álava.	Orisol	Spain
country	Ptujska Cesta (pronounced (ˈptuːi̯ska ˈtseːsta)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Ptujska Cesta	Slovenia
country	Bodorna (Georgian: ბოდორნა) is a small village in Georgia, situated on the Georgian Military Road, 8 km from the town of Dusheti, Mtskheta-Mtianeti region, in the east of the country.	Bodorna	Georgia
country	Zanus (Persian: زانوس‎, also Romanized as Zānūs) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zanus	Iran
country	The Thunder Bay Police Service is the police force for the city of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada and also contracts to police the contiguous municipality of Oliver Paipoonge.	Thunder Bay Police Service	Canada
country	Rimouski railway station is located on Rue de l'Évèché in the city of Rimouski, Quebec, Canada.	Rimouski railway station	Canada
country	Satovcha (Bulgarian: Сатовча, old version: Satovitsa, Svatovitsa) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria.	Satovcha	Bulgaria
country	Nusa Barong is a small island located south of Java, and is part of Jember Regency, East Java Province, in Indonesia.	Nusa Barong	Indonesia
country	Chinese units of measurement (Chinese: 市制; pinyin: shìzhì; literally: ``market system'') are the customary and traditional units of measure used in China.	Chinese units of measurement	China
country	Peinado is a stratovolcano in Argentina, which has likely erupted within the past 12,000 years.	Peinado	Argentina
country	Dishmok District (Persian: بخش دیشموک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dishmok District	Iran
country	Bijvard (Persian: بيجورد‎, also Romanized as Bījvard; also known as Bījvar, Bijwar, Bīzhvard, and Borjak) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District, in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bijvard	Iran
country	The 103rd Regiment (Calgary Rifles) was an infantry regiment of the Canadian non-permanent militia, organized at Calgary, Alberta, Canada, by General Order on 1 April 1910.	103rd Regiment (Calgary Rifles)	Canada
country	Jupi is a municipality in the state of Pernambuco (PE), Brazil.	Jupi	Brazil
country	Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College (informally known as DDUC) (Hindi: दीन दयाल उपाध्याय कॉलेज) is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Delhi in India, located at Shivaji Marg, Moti Nagar, New Delhi.	Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College	India
country	In common with most of the rest of the United Kingdom, Chester has an oceanic climate.	Chester	United Kingdom
country	The Regional Government of Veneto (Giunta Regionale del Veneto) is the executive of Veneto, one of the twenty regions of Italy.	Government of Veneto	Italy
country	The Arboretum de la Grand Prée (4 hectares) is an arboretum located at 2 impasse Petit Pavillon, Le Mans, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France.	Arboretum de la Grand Prée	France
country	San Isidro Palo Verde is a town in the municipality of San Martín de Hidalgo in the state of Jalisco, Mexico.	San Isidro Palo Verde	Mexico
country	Khunik Zirak (Persian: خونيك زيرك‎, also Romanized as Khūnīk Zīrak; also known as Khūnīk and Khūnīk-e Zīrg) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khunik Zirak	Iran
country	The Migdal Synagogue is an ancient synagogue, located in Israel on the shore of the Sea of Galilee.	Migdal Synagogue	Israel
country	Pauline Hanson's One Nation (also One Nation, One Nation Party, and ONP) is a minor political party in Australia.	Pauline Hanson's One Nation	Australia
country	Naebyeonsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do, western South Korea.	Naebyeonsan	South Korea
country	Skógafoss (pronounced (ˈskou.aˌfɔs)) is a waterfall situated on the Skógá River in the south of Iceland at the cliffs of the former coastline.	Skógafoss	Iceland
country	Gorjuše (pronounced (ɡɔɾˈjuːʃɛ)) is a high-elevation settlement on the Pokljuka Plateau in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Gorjuše	Slovenia
country	Gerdeh Sur (Persian: گرده سور‎, also Romanized as Gerdeh Sūr; also known as Gerdesur and Gerd Sūr) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdeh Sur	Iran
country	Pirqaraçuxa (also, Pirkarachukha) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pirqaraçuxa	Azerbaijan
country	Dailekh is a town and seat of Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal.	Dailekh	Nepal
country	Əmirli (also, İmirli) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əmirli	Azerbaijan
country	Sarideh (Persian: سريده‎, also Romanized as Sarīdeh; also known as Sardeh and Sereydeh) is a village in Jazin Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarideh	Iran
country	Sir Salimullah Medical College (SSMC) (Bengali: স্যার সলিমুল্লাহ মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh.	Sir Salimullah Medical College	Bangladesh
country	Deh Pain Rural District (Persian: دهستان ده پائين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Deh Pain Rural District	Iran
country	Big Vraca (Albanian: Vraca e Madhe; Macedonian: Голема Враца, Golema Vraca) is a mountain in the southern end of the Šar Mountains in Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia.	Big Vraca	Kosovo
country	Soje (ˈsɔjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Soje	Poland
country	The Government Polytechnic Institute Attock, or GPI Attock is a government technical education institute in Attock and Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Government Polytechnic Institute	Pakistan
country	Koněprusy Caves (Koněpruské jeskyně) is a cave system in the heart of the limestone region known as Bohemian Karst, Czech Republic.	Koněprusy Caves	Czech Republic
country	Marin Barleti University or UMB (Albanian: Universiteti Marin Barleti) is a private institution of higher education in Albania named after the 15th-century historian/humanist, Marin Barleti, author of the historic account on the Skanderbeg epics.	Marin Barleti University	Albania
country	Oblakovo (Macedonian: Облаково) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Oblakovo	Macedonia
country	The Babeș-Bolyai University (Romanian: Universitatea Babeș-Bolyai, Hungarian: Babeș-Bolyai Tudományegyetem, German: Babeș-Bolyai Universität), commonly known after its abbreviation, UBB, is a public university in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Babeș-Bolyai University	Romania
country	Shaheen Academy School & College Feni is a high school in Feni District in Bangladesh.	Shaheen Academy School & College Feni	Bangladesh
country	Maczuga Herkulesa is a tall (30 meters) limestone monadnock situated in Ojców National Park near Pieskowa Skała, north of Kraków in southern Poland.	Maczuga Herkulesa	Poland
country	Baku Museum of Modern Art (Azerbaijani: Bakı müasir incəsənət muzeyi) is a museum of modern art located in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Baku Museum of Modern Art	Azerbaijan
country	Hakarimata Range is a range of hills on the western edge of Ngaruawahia township in the Waikato region of New Zealand, lying along the Waikato River and Waipa River.	Hakarimata Range	New Zealand
country	The Reichsnährstand (RNST) was a government body set up in Nazi Germany to regulate food production.	Reichsnährstand	Nazi Germany
country	Twardorzeczka (tfardɔˈʐɛt͡ʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowa, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Twardorzeczka	Poland
country	The 1958 Asian Games, officially the Third Asian Games (Japanese: 第3回アジア競技大会) and commonly known as Tokyo 1958, was a multi-sport event held in Tokyo, Japan, from 24 May to 1 June 1958.	1958 Asian Games	Japan
country	The Cape Panwa Hotel is a luxury hotel on the island of Phuket, Thailand.	Cape Panwa Hotel	Thailand
country	The Saraswathy Amman temple (the only temple for Saraswathy amman in South India) is located at koothanur (near Poonth thootam), 8 km from Nannilam.	Nannilam	India
country	Beledie Han (Bulgarian: Беледие хан) is a populated place in Kostinbrod Municipality, Sofia Province, in western Bulgaria, approximately 11 km northwest of the town of Kostinbrod.	Beledie Han	Bulgaria
country	Tall Munbāqa (also Ekalte (Mumbaqat)) is a 5000-year-old town complex in northern Syria now lying in ruins.	Mumbaqat	Syria
country	Degtyarsk (Russian: Дегтя́рск) is a town under the administrative jurisdiction of the Town of Revda in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Vyazovka River (right tributary of the Chusovaya), 67 kilometers (42 mi) west of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Degtyarsk	Russia
country	Sellafield was previously owned and operated by the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA) and then, following the division of UKAEA in 1971, it was British Nuclear Fuels Ltd (BNFL).	Sellafield	United Kingdom
country	Skollis (Greek: Σκόλλις), also known as Santameri, is a mountain in southwestern Achaea in the Peloponnese in western Greece.	Skollis	Greece
country	Laab im Walde is a town in the district of Mödling in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Laab im Walde	Austria
country	Eastern Channel Pile Light, also known as the East Wedding Cake due to its shape, is an active pile lighthouse located at the Sydney Harbour, New South Wales, Australia, off Laings Point in the Vaucluse suburb of Sydney.	Eastern Channel Pile Light	Australia
country	Miyal Syedan is a village located in Rawalpindi Tehsil Punjab Pakistan.	Miyal Syedan	Pakistan
country	Balıkesirspor is a multisports club from Balıkesir, Turkey.	Balıkesirspor	Turkey
country	Bernacice Górne (bɛrnaˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Bernacice Górne	Poland
country	Feldolling is a village in the municipality Feldkirchen-Westerham in the district of Rosenheim, in Bavaria, Germany.	Feldolling	Germany
country	Mulhacén (Spanish pronunciation: (mulaˈθen)) is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula.	Mulhacén	Spain
country	Daniel Brooke Building is a 19th-century Georgian building in Toronto, Canada located at Jarvis Street and King Street.	Daniel Brooke Building	Canada
country	Stree Shakti Puraskar (Women Power Award) is a series of India's national honours conferred on individual women for their exceptional achievement.	Stree Shakti Puraskar	India
country	Oktyomtsy (Russian: Октёмцы) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Chapayevo, in Oktyomsky Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Oktyomtsy	Russia
country	The Bromsgrove by-election, 1971 was a parliamentary by-election held in the United Kingdom on 27 May 1971 for the Bromsgrove constituency in Worcestershire.	Bromsgrove by-election, 1971	United Kingdom
country	Källbrinks Idrottsplats or simply Källbrinks IP is a football stadium in Huddinge, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team Huddinge IF.	Källbrinks IP	Sweden
country	Adelaide Zoo is Australia's second oldest zoo (after Melbourne Zoo), and the only major metropolitan zoo in Australia to be owned and operated on a non-profit basis.	Adelaide Zoo	Australia
country	Zawoja (zaˈvɔja) is a village in Southern Poland located close to Maków Podhalański.	Zawoja	Poland
country	Nalivan (Persian: نليوان‎, also Romanized as Nalīvān; also known as Malivan) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nalivan	Iran
country	Skrzetuszewo (skʂɛtuˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skrzetuszewo	Poland
country	Apače (pronounced (ˈaːpatʃɛ); German: Abstall) is a town in Slovenia and it is located on the border between Slovenia and Austria.	Apače	Slovenia
country	Farland Point railway station is a disused railway station that served Farland Point in County Donegal, Ireland.	Farland Point railway station	Ireland
country	Tolombeh-ye Nad Ali Beygi (Persian: تلمبه نادعلي بيگي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Nād ``Alī Beygī) is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 18 families.	Tolombeh-ye Nad Ali Beygi	Iran
country	Santa Colomba de Somoza, whose name is in Leonese language, is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Santa Colomba de Somoza	Spain
country	Romedal is a former municipality in Hedmark county, Norway Romedal was established as a municipality January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt).	Romedal	Norway
country	Väätsa Parish (Estonian: Väätsa vald) is a rural municipality in central Estonia.	Väätsa Parish	Estonia
country	Punta Alta de Comalesbienes, also known as Punta Alta, is a mountain of Catalonia, Spain.	Punta Alta de Comalesbienes	Spain
country	Kalus-e Sofla (Persian: كالوس سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kālūs-e Soflá; also known as Kālūs-e Pā’īn and Kālūs Pā’īn) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalus-e Sofla	Iran
country	Škemljevec (pronounced (ˈʃkeːmljɛʋəts)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Škemljevec	Slovenia
country	Białobrzegi-Kolonia (bjawɔˈbʐɛɡi kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kock, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Białobrzegi-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Vym River (Russian: Вымь) is a river in the Komi Republic, Russia.	Vym River	Russia
country	Dzerjinscoe (Ukrainian: Дзержинське, Dzerzhynske, Russian: Дзержинское, Dzerzhynskoye) is a commune in the Dubăsari sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Dzerjinscoe	Moldova
country	Pachnowola (paxnɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pachnowola	Poland
country	Golędzin (ɡɔˈlɛnd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Random County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Golędzin	Poland
country	Mendiola Street is a short thoroughfare in the district of San Miguel in the City of Manila, Metro Manila, the Philippines.	Mendiola Street	Philippines
country	Khalband (Persian: خلبند‎) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khalband	Iran
country	Talinranta (Swedish: Talistranden) is a neighbourhood in Munkkiniemi district of Helsinki, Finland.	Talinranta	Finland
country	Linudden Nature Reserve (Swedish: Linuddens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Södermanland County in Sweden.	Linudden Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Grzebienie-Kolonia (ɡʐɛˈbjɛɲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Grzebienie-Kolonia	Poland
country	Qarah Chah (Persian: قره چاه‎, also Romanized as Qarah Chāh) is a village in Safiabad Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarah Chah	Iran
country	Chad-e Pain (Persian: چدپائين‎, also Romanized as Chād-e Pā’īn and Chad-e Pā’īn; also known as Chādūk) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chad-e Pain	Iran
country	Saint-Léonard-de-Noblat (Occitan: Sent Liunard) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France, on a hill above the river Vienne.	Saint-Léonard-de-Noblat	France
country	Rakołupy Duże (rakɔˈwupɨ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rakołupy Duże	Poland
country	The Beles Hydroelectric Power Plant, sometimes referred to as Beles II or Tana Beles, is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power plant in Ethiopia near Lake Tana.	Beles Hydroelectric Power Plant	Ethiopia
country	Ploemeur (Plañvour in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Ploemeur	France
country	Ruaha University College (RUCO) is a constituent college of St. Augustine University of Tanzania (SAUT).	Ruaha University College	Tanzania
country	Chawaytiri (hispanicized Chahuaytire, Chahuaytiri) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru.	Chawaytiri	Peru
country	Quillagua is an oasis in the Tocopilla Province, in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile.	Quillagua	Chile
country	Brockway Airport (TC LID: CCX3), is a small government airfield located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northeast of Brockway, New Brunswick, Canada.	Brockway Airport	Canada
country	Khasa Hills are located in Orangi Town, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Khasa Hills	Pakistan
country	Mount Weiss is a mountain in Alberta, Canada located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park and is part of the Winston Churchill Range.	Mount Weiss	Canada
country	Banco Popular Español, S.A. (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbaŋko popuˈlaɾ espaˈɲol)) is the fourth largest banking group in Spain.	Banco Popular Español	Spain
country	Nennig is a village in the Saarland, Germany, part of the municipality of Perl.	Nennig	Germany
country	Trieste National Hall (Slovene: Narodni dom) or the Balkan Hotel (Hotel Balkan) in Trieste, Italy, was a multimodal building that hosted the centre of the Slovene minority in the city, which included the Slovene theatre in Trieste, and a hotel.	Trieste National Hall	Italy
country	Göteborg City Airport (IATA: GSE, ICAO: ESGP), formerly (and still informally) known as Säve Flygplats, is an airport located 5 NM (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) north-west from the centre of Gothenburg on the island of Hisingen, Bohuslän, Sweden.	Göteborg City Airport	Sweden
country	Gulskogen is a borough in Drammen, Buskerud, Norway.	Gulskogen	Norway
country	Gajewiec (ɡaˈjɛvjɛt͡s) (German: Kerbshorst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gajewiec	Poland
country	Mashobra is notable for housing one of the two Presidential retreats in India.	Mashobra	India
country	Heinrichsberg Castle (German: Burg Heinrichsberg) is a ruin north of Mägdesprung in the borough of Harzgerode in central Germany.	Heinrichsberg Castle	Germany
country	Comilla Stadium is located near Dharma Shagor and Comilla Eid-gah in the city of Comilla, Bangladesh.	Comilla Stadium	Bangladesh
country	Karaburma (Serbian Cyrillic: Карабурма) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Karaburma	Serbia
country	Nalishkêne (ناڵشکێنه‌) is the nearest mountain to the city of Bukan in West Azarbaijan Province of Iran.	Nalishkêne	Iran
country	Nurabad-e Sar Talap (Persian: نورابادسرتلاپ‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Sar Talāp) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nurabad-e Sar Talap	Iran
country	Brakovci (Serbian: Браковци) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brakovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	As of 2011 India census, Ujhani had a population of near about 126,000.	Ujhani	India
country	Juslibol is a district of the city of Zaragoza, Spain.	Juslibol	Spain
country	Zymohiria (Ukrainian: Зимогір'я, Russian: Зимогóрье) is a city in Slovianoserbsk Raion, Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Zymohiria	Ukraine
country	Gamescom (stylized as gamescom) is a trade fair for video games held annually at the Koelnmesse in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Gamescom	Germany
country	Föglö is a group of islands municipality of Åland, an autonomous territory of Finland.	Föglö	Finland
country	Hevel Shalom (Hebrew: חבל שלום‎, lit. Shalom region) is an area in the western Negev desert close to Israel's border with the Gaza Strip and Egypt's Sinai.	Hevel Shalom	Israel
country	The University Library of Tübingen (German: Universitätsbibliothek Tübingen; UB Tübingen) is the main library of the University of Tübingen, one of the biggest and most renowned universities in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	University Library of Tübingen	Germany
country	Zasap (pronounced (ˈzaːsap)) is a settlement north of Cerklje ob Krki in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Zasap	Slovenia
country	Anawhata is a beach on the coast of New Zealand west of Auckland.	Anawhata	New Zealand
country	Bovezzo is a comune (municipality) in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy.	Bovezzo	Italy
country	Takhteh Chaman (Persian: تخته چمن‎, also Romanized as Takhtehchaman) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Takhteh Chaman	Iran
country	Soonchunhyang University (SCH) is a private university in South Korea, founded in 1978.	Soonchunhyang University	South Korea
country	Gars Abbey (German: Kloster Gars) is a monastery on the Inn River in Bavaria, Germany, in the town of Gars.	Gars Abbey	Germany
country	The Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act 1915 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia which followed the New South Wales Seat of Government Surrender Act 1915.	Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act 1915	Australia
country	Jabalpur (Hindi: जबलपुर; formerly Jubbulpore) is a tier 2 city in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Jabalpur	India
country	Gmina Trzebiatów is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	Gmina Trzebiatów	Poland
country	Perlan (English: The Pearl) is a landmark building in Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland.	Perlan	Iceland
country	Ganjo Takkar (Barren Hill) or the Ganjo Hills, is a small limestone range in Hyderabad District, Sindh, Pakistan that runs nearly due south parallel to the Indus for about 14 miles.	Ganjo Takkar	Pakistan
country	The Autopista AP-9 (also known as Autopista del Atlántico) is an autopista in Galicia, Spain.	Autopista AP-9	Spain
country	Przyłuki (pʂɨˈwukʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Przyłuki	Poland
country	Obertyn (Ukrainian: Обертин, Polish: Obertyn, Hebrew: אוברטין‎, also Obertin) is an urban-type settlement in Tlumach Raion in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (region) of western Ukraine.	Obertyn	Ukraine
country	Ujhana is a very old village dating from the Mughal's empire who ruled Northern India for more than 300 years and after that British rule was declared over most of the parts of India.Ujhana is a very peaceful village.	Ujhana	India
country	Jahangirpur Govt. College (Bengali: জাহাঙ্গীরপুর সরকারি কলেজ) is one of the oldest institutions of higher education in Bangladesh.	Jahangirpur Govt. College	Bangladesh
country	Helgenæs is a peninsula, approximately twenty square kilometres in size, stretching out from Mols in Denmark.	Helgenæs	Denmark
country	Baragoi is a market town in Kenya, lying north of Maralal and east of the Suguta Valley.	Baragoi	Kenya
country	Hofsjökull (Icelandic: ``temple glacier'') is the third largest glacier in Iceland after Vatnajökull and Langjökull and the largest active volcano in the country.	Hofsjökull	Iceland
country	Huwwarah (Arabic: حوّاره‎), also spelled Huwwara and Huwarrah, is a village in northern Jordan.	Huwwarah	Jordan
country	Hongsa (Lao: ຫົງສາ) is a town in northwestern Laos.	Hongsa	Laos
country	Long Datih is a Christian Kelabit longhouse settlement in the mountainous interior of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Datih	Malaysia
country	Szaty Wielkie (ˈʂatɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Szaty Wielkie	Poland
country	The Cluj County Prefecture (Romanian: Palatul Prefecturii din Cluj) is a building in Cluj-Napoca, Romania, housing the offices of the Cluj County prefect.	Cluj County Prefecture	Romania
country	Vanj (Vandzh, Vanch; 38°22′23``N 71°27′19''E, 1722 m) is the capital of the Vanj district in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province, Tajikistan.	Vanj	Tajikistan
country	Ishøj Gymnasium is a secondary school located in Ishøj near Copenhagen, Denmark.	Ishøj Gymnasium	Denmark
country	Meymaneh Province was a former province of Afghanistan, which in 1964 was divided, creating Badghis Province and Faryab Province.	Meymaneh Province	Afghanistan
country	Becerril de la Sierra (Spanish pronunciation: (beθeˈril de la ˈsjera)) is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Becerril de la Sierra	Spain
country	Kęsowo (kɛ̃ˈsɔvɔ) is a village in Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kęsowo	Poland
country	Acharkut (also Romanized as Ajarkut) is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Acharkut	Armenia
country	Gora pri Pečah (pronounced (ˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈpeːtʃax)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Gora pri Pečah	Slovenia
country	The Dudhaganga (or Dudhganga, Doodhganga) is a tributary river of the Krishna in western India.	Dudhaganga	India
country	Balusuan Island is an island located near Semporna in Sabah, Malaysia.	Balusuan Island	Malaysia
country	The Grimselsee or Lake Grimsel is an artificial lake near the Grimsel Pass in the Canton of Berne, Switzerland.	Grimselsee	Switzerland
country	Bunratty Lower is a barony located in County Clare, Ireland.	Bunratty Lower	Ireland
country	YB Music is an independent record label established in Sao Paulo, Brazil.	YB Music	Brazil
country	Bilad al-Musa (Arabic: بلاد آل موسى‎) is a village in the sub-governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir, Saudi Arabia.	Bilad al-Musa	Saudi Arabia
country	The Etz Ahayim Synagogue, also known as the Ortaköy Synagogue, is synagogue located in Ortaköy, Istanbul, Turkey, on the coast near the right leg of Bosphorus Bridge.	Etz Ahayim Synagogue	Turkey
country	Vieki is a small village in Finland in the town of Lieksa, North Karelia.	Vieki	Finland
country	Bjelopolje (Serbian Cyrillic: Бјелопоље) is a village in Croatia.	Bjelopolje	Croatia
country	Zgornji Obrež (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji ɔˈbɾeːʃ); German: Oberobresch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Zgornji Obrež	Slovenia
country	Nyttingnes is a hamlet with 28 inhabitants and 9 houses in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Nyttingnes	Norway
country	Zletovo (Macedonian: Злетово) is a village in the Municipality of Probištip of Macedonia.	Zletovo	Macedonia
country	Joghol-e Sofla (Persian: جغل سفلي‎, also Romanized as Joghol-e Soflá) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Joghol-e Sofla	Iran
country	Ankober, formerly known as Ankobar, is a town in central Ethiopia.	Ankober	Ethiopia
country	The Gösgen Nuclear Power Plant (in German Kernkraftwerk Gösgen, abbreviated in KKG) is located in the Däniken municipality (canton of Solothurn, Switzerland) on a loop of the Aar river.	Gösgen Nuclear Power Plant	Switzerland
country	The Johor Bahru Tengah Municipal Council (MPJBT; Malay: Majlis Perbandaran Johor Bahru Tengah) is a local authority which administrates Central Johor Bahru District and other areas of the Iskandar Malaysia area in Johor, Malaysia.	Johor Bahru Tengah Municipal Council	Malaysia
country	Avella (Latin: Abella; Greek: Ἀβέλλα) is a city and comune in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of Italy.	Avella	Italy
country	The Metropolitan City of Venice (Italian: Città Metropolitana di Venezia) is a metropolitan city in the Veneto region, Italy.	Metropolitan City of Venice	Italy
country	Listerlandet is a peninsula in Sölvesborg Municipality, Blekinge County, Sweden.	Listerlandet	Sweden
country	Del Toro Lake (Spanish: Lago del Toro) is a lake located in the Magallanes Region, southern Chile.	Del Toro Lake	Chile
country	Çüngüş (Ottoman Turkish: چونکوش, Kurdish: Çinguş, Zazaki: Şankuş) is a district of Diyarbakır Province of Turkey.	Çüngüş	Turkey
country	Practically all luxury hotels in East Germany were part of the Interhotel chain, notable exceptions being hotel ``Neptun'' in Warnemünde and Cecilienhof castle in Potsdam.	Interhotel	East Germany
country	Gabonjin is a village in the middle of the island Krk in Croatia.	Gabonjin	Croatia
country	The Alastaro Circuit is a racing circuit situated in Virttaa village in Loimaa, Finland.	Alastaro Circuit	Finland
country	Ein Yahav (Hebrew: עֵין יַהַב) is a moshav in Israel.	Ein Yahav	Israel
country	Gilan University of Medical Sciences (GUMS), is a medical school in Gilan Province of Iran.	Gilan University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Seibal (Spanish pronunciation: (seiˈβal)), known as El Ceibal in Spanish, is a Classic Period archaeological site of the Maya civilization located in the northern Petén Department of Guatemala.	Seibal	Guatemala
country	The Edmonton Dodgers were a baseball team located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton Dodgers	Canada
country	Chacewater (Cornish: Dowr an Chas) is a village and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Chacewater	United Kingdom
country	Saratov Reservoir (Russian: Саратовское водохрани́лище) is an artificial lake in the lower part of the Volga River in Russia formed by the dam of the Saratov Hydroelectric Station situated in the city of Balakovo.	Saratov Reservoir	Russia
country	La Mujer Muerta is a subrange of the Sierra de Guadarrama, Sistema Central, located in Segovia Province, Spain.	La Mujer Muerta	Spain
country	The Emas National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional das Emas, literally meaning ``Rhea National Park'') is a national park and a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the states of Goiás and Mato Grosso do Sul in Brazil.	Emas National Park	Brazil
country	Villa Riachuelo is a barrio (district) of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Villa Riachuelo	Argentina
country	The Admiral Makarov National University of Shipbuilding in Mykolaiv is a higher education institution which trains specialists for the shipbuilding and allied industries of Ukraine.	Admiral Makarov National University of Shipbuilding	Ukraine
country	German submarine U-1221 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.	German submarine U-1221	Germany
country	Podcisówek (pɔtt͡ɕiˈsuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podcisówek	Poland
country	Sarabdal (Persian: سرابدال‎, also Romanized as Sarābdāl and Sarabdāl; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarabdal	Iran
country	Gatsuurt Gold Mine is an open-pit gold mining site in Mongolia located about 110 kilometers (70 mi) north of the capital Ulaanbaatar in Mandal sum (district) of Selenge Province in northern Mongolia.	Gatsuurt Gold Mine	Mongolia
country	Ak-Suu Complex Nature Reserve is a wildlife refuge in Kyrgyzstan located in Moskovsky District of Chuy Province.	Ak-Suu Complex Nature Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	Qabagh Kandi (Persian: قباغكندي‎, also Romanized as Qabāgh Kandī) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qabagh Kandi	Iran
country	Hammana is a town in Lebanon, about 26 km (16 miles) East of Beirut and is part of Greater Beirut.	Hammana	Lebanon
country	Tokoriki is an island within the Mamanuca Islands of Fiji in the South Pacific.	Tokoriki	Fiji
country	Þjórsárdalur (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈθjoursaurˌtalʏr̥)) is a valley in Árnessýsla county in Iceland that lies between mount Búrfell alongside the river Þjórsá to the east and mount Skriðufell to the west.	Þjórsárdalur	Iceland
country	The Canal de l'Eure, made necessary by the insufficient water supply for the Château de Versailles and the water features of its gardens, was designed for Louis XIV of France by his military engineer Vauban, based on preliminary surveys by Philippe de La Hire.	Canal de l'Eure	France
country	Mirzalıbəyli (also, Mirzalybeyli) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mirzalıbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Said Kola (Persian: سعيد كلا‎, also Romanized as Sa``īd Kolā) is a village in Pazevar Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 609, in 158 families.	Said Kola	Iran
country	Mania Tower is a high-rise building located in the centre of Pleven, Bulgaria.	Mania Tower	Bulgaria
country	The Korsvoll Line (Norwegian: Korsvollinjen) is an abandoned line of the Oslo Tramway in Norway.	Korsvoll Line	Norway
country	The Dwars door de Antwerpse Kempen is an European cycling race held in Belgium, departing from Mol and arriving at Maria-ter-Heide.	Dwars door de Antwerpse Kempen	Belgium
country	Clocolan, established in 1906, is a small town in the Free State province of South Africa.	Clocolan	South Africa
country	Czołnochów (t͡ʂɔu̯ˈnɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Germany, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Egypt.	Czołnochów	Poland
country	Peydan Kuh (Persian: پيدن كوه‎, also Romanized as Peydan Kūh) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Peydan Kuh	Iran
country	Turku School of Economics (Finnish Turun kauppakorkeakoulu) is a unit of the University of Turku located in Turku, Finland.	Turku School of Economics	Finland
country	Sona Station (Norwegian: Sona stasjon) was a railway station on the Meråker Line in the village of Sona in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Sona Station	Norway
country	Krautmaart (French: rue du Marché aux Herbes, English: Herb Market) is an irregularly-shaped broad street in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Krautmaart	Luxembourg
country	Amrakits (Armenian: Ամրակից) formerly known as Kirov, is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Amrakits	Armenia
country	The Valchitran Treasure (Bulgarian: Вълчитрънско златно съкровище) was discovered in 1924 by two brothers who were working in their vineyard near the village of Valchitran, 22 km southeast of Pleven, Bulgaria.	Valchitran Treasure	Bulgaria
country	The New Bamberg Hut (German: Neue Bamberger Hütte) lies at 1,756 m AMSL in the Kelchsau in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria and is a mountain hut owned by the German Alpine Club's Bamberg Section.	New Bamberg Hut	Austria
country	Lor Kosh (Persian: لركش‎; also known as Lūr Kosh) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Lor Kosh	Iran
country	Cologne Bonn Airport (German: Flughafen Köln/Bonn, also known as Flughafen Köln-Wahn) (IATA: CGN, ICAO: EDDK) is the international airport of Germany's fourth largest city, Cologne and also serves the former German capital, Bonn.	Cologne Bonn Airport	Germany
country	Azghand (Persian: ازغند‎; also known as Azghaneh, Azhand, and Azqand) is a village in and the capital of Azghand Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Azghand	Iran
country	The Otze Forest Wildlife Sanctuary is a government-managed wildlife sanctuary in Uganda.	Otze Forest Wildlife Sanctuary	Uganda
country	Vojany Power Station is a thermal power station at Vojany, Slovakia.	Vojany Power Station	Slovakia
country	The Gulf Islands Film and Television School, or GIFTS, is a film school located on Galiano Island off the west coast of British Columbia, Canada near Vancouver.	Gulf Islands Film and Television School	Canada
country	Holy Child Catholic School is located at Plaza Hernandez in Tondo, Manila, the Philippines.	Holy Child Catholic School	Philippines
country	K. Waterschei S.V. Thor Genk was a Belgian football club from the city of Genk, Limburg (Belgium).	K. Waterschei S.V. Thor Genk	Belgium
country	The Steenbergse Vliet is a small river in North Brabant, the Netherlands.	Steenbergse Vliet	Netherlands
country	Hellenic Imperial Airways has its United Kingdom offices in the Axis House in Harlington in the London Borough of Hillingdon.	London Borough of Hillingdon	United Kingdom
country	Malyovitsa (Bulgarian: Мальовица) is a peak and ski resort in the northwestern part of the Rila Mountains in southwestern Bulgaria.	Malyovitsa	Bulgaria
country	The Turku Central railway station (Finnish: Turun päärautatieasema, Swedish: Åbo centralstation) is a railway station in the VII District of Turku, Finland.	Turku Central railway station	Finland
country	Thousand Foot Falls is a waterfall and natural monument in Cayo, Belize.	Thousand Foot Falls	Belize
country	Barøy Lighthouse (Norwegian: Barøy fyr) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.	Barøy Lighthouse	Norway
country	Mazraeh-ye Manuchehr Najafi (Persian: مزرعه منوچهرنجفي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Manūchehr Najafī) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Manuchehr Najafi	Iran
country	Jordbro is a suburban locality situated in Haninge Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 10,291 inhabitants in 2010.	Jordbro	Sweden
country	Trščina (pronounced (təɾˈʃtʃiːna)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Trščina	Slovenia
country	Taroman is the highest mountain in the Cova Lima district of East Timor.	Taroman	East Timor
country	Hrob (German: Klostergrab) is a town in the Teplice District of the Ústí nad Labem Region in the Czech Republic.	Hrob	Czech Republic
country	Sevan Island (Armenian: Սևանի կղզի Sevani kğzi), now Sevan Peninsula (Armenian: Սևանի թերակղզի Sevani t'erakğzi) was an island in the northwestern part of Lake Sevan in Armenia.	Sevan Island	Armenia
country	Sídlisko Ťahanovce ((pronunciation: 'seedlisko 'tyahano-utse), literally: Ťahanovce Housing Estate, Hungarian: Tihany-lakótelep) is a city part of Košice, Slovakia.	Sídlisko Ťahanovce	Slovakia
country	Darsait is a residential locality in Muscat, the capital of the Sultanate of Oman.	Darsait	Oman
country	Berlanga del Bierzo (Spanish pronunciation: (berˈlaŋɡa ðel ˈβjerθo)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain).	Berlanga del Bierzo	Spain
country	Ongandjera (from ``aagandji yiiyela'', place of gold metal thread beads) is settlement near Okahao in the Omusati Region northern Namibia.	Ongandjera	Namibia
country	The Ahimanawa Range is a range of rugged hills in the northern Hawke's Bay region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Ahimanawa Range	New Zealand
country	Kana Cone is a red nested cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Eve Cone in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.	Kana Cone	Canada
country	The Cordillera Blanca (Spanish for ``White Range'') is a mountain range in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Cordillera Blanca	Peru
country	Deymkaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان ديمكاران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Salehabad District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Deymkaran Rural District	Iran
country	Frýdlant nad Ostravicí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfriːdlant nat ˈʔostravɪtsiː); German: Friedland (an der Ostrawitza); Latin: Vriedlant) is a small town in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Frýdlant nad Ostravicí	Czech Republic
country	Stukmaņi Manor (Latvian: Stukmaņu muiža) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Stukmaņi Manor	Latvia
country	Mailsi Tehsil (Urdu: تحصِيل ميلسى‎), is a subdivision tehsil, of Vehari District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Mailsi Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Carmen de Patagones is the southernmost city in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Carmen de Patagones	Argentina
country	Bad Staffelstein is a small town in the Bavarian Administrative Region of Upper Franconia in Germany.	Bad Staffelstein	Germany
country	Plumelec (French pronunciation: ​(plymlɛk), Breton: Pluveleg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of the Brittany region, in north-western France.	Plumelec	France
country	Byutyay-Yurdya (Russian: Бютяй-Юрдя) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Betyunsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district.	Byutyay-Yurdya	Russia
country	Dane pri Divači (pronounced (ˈdaːnɛ pɾi diˈʋaːtʃi); Italian: Danne) is a small village south of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Dane pri Divači	Slovenia
country	Meilan Railway Station (Chinese: 美兰站) is a railway station of Hainan Eastern Ring Railway located in Hainan, People's Republic of China.	Meilan Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Ulsan Science Museum is a science museum located in Ok-dong, Nam-gu, Ulsan, South Korea.	Ulsan Science Museum	South Korea
country	The Langfast is a ridge in the district of Osterode am Harz in North Germany.	Langfast	Germany
country	Berinmadhoo (Dhivehi: ބެރިންމަދޫ) was one of the inhabited islands of Haa Alif Atoll and is geographically part of the Ihavandhippolhu Atoll in the Maldives.	Berinmadhoo	Maldives
country	The Thunerseespiele are open-air musical productions during summer located at Thun, the main city of the famous Bernese Oberland, in Switzerland.	Thunerseespiele	Switzerland
country	Rasdhoo (Dhivehi: ރަސްދޫ) (Rasdu in the Admiralty Charts) is an inhabited island of the Maldives.	Rasdhoo	Maldives
country	Minova is a town and refugee area in northern South Kivu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Minova	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The City Municipality of Kranj (Slovene: Mestna občina Kranj) is one of eleven city municipalities of Slovenia.	City Municipality of Kranj	Slovenia
country	Buturlinovka (Russian: Бутурлиновка) is a town and the administrative center of Buturlinovsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the Ossered River (a tributary of the Don), 137 kilometers (85 mi) southeast of Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast.	Buturlinovka	Russia
country	Grand Batanga is a coastal village in the South Province of Cameroon.	Grand Batanga	Cameroon
country	Mojtame-ye Meskuni Farhangian (Persian: مجتمع مسكوني فرهنگيان‎, also Romanized as Mojtame`-ye Meskūnī Farhangīān) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mojtame-ye Meskuni Farhangian	Iran
country	Lumbovka River (Russian: Лумбовка) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Lumbovka River	Russia
country	Purutu Island is the second largest island in the Fly River delta, Papua New Guinea, after Kiwai Island.	Purutu Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Allah Selamatkan Sultan Mahkota is the state anthem of Kedah, Malaysia.	Allah Selamatkan Sultan Mahkota	Malaysia
country	Alexandra Land is named in honor of Grand Duchess Alexandra Pavlovna of Russia (1783-1801), who became Archduchess of Austria upon her marriage to Archduke Joseph of Austria, Palatine of Hungary.	Alexandra Land	Russia
country	The Villa Girasole (il girasole meaning ``the sunflower'' in Italian) is a house constructed in the 1930s in Marcellise, northern Italy, near Verona.	Villa Girasole	Italy
country	Arnajevo (Cyrillic: Арнајево) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Arnajevo	Serbia
country	Hacienda Santa Rita is located in the municipality of Guánica, Puerto Rico.	Hacienda Santa Rita	Puerto Rico
country	Torkhow Valley is a town and Tehsil (a subdivision) of Chitral District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Torkhow Valley	Pakistan
country	Pediada is a well known tediada of Heraklion Prefecture, Crete, Greece.	Pediada	Greece
country	Meymun Baz (Persian: ميمون باز‎, also Romanized as Meymūn Bāz) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Meymun Baz	Iran
country	Hollókő (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈholːoːkøː)) is a Palóc ethnographic village in Hungary and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Hollókő	Hungary
country	Mount Magnet Airport (IATA: MMG, ICAO: YMOG) is an airport at Mount Magnet, Western Australia.	Mount Magnet Airport	Australia
country	Buddharama Temple is a Buddhist temple currently under construction near Fredrika in Åsele Municipality, Sweden.	Buddharama Temple	Sweden
country	Buckinghamshire County Council is the upper-tier local authority for the non-metropolitan county of Buckinghamshire, in England, the United Kingdom established in 1889 following the Local Government Act 1888.	Buckinghamshire County Council	United Kingdom
country	The Neuve-Chapelle Indian Memorial is a World War I memorial in France, located on the outskirts of the commune of Neuve-Chapelle, in the département of Pas de Calais.	Neuve-Chapelle Indian Memorial	France
country	Panji Poyon (Tajik: Панҷи Поён), also known since the times of the Soviet Union as Nizhny Panj (from Russian: Нижний Пяндж, Nizhniy Pyandzh) is a border checkpoint on the Tajik side of the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border.	Panji Poyon	Tajikistan
country	Oceloduri was an ancient Vaccean settlement in Spain near the modern town of Zamora.	Oceloduri	Spain
country	Troizinia-Methana (Greek: Τροιζηνία-Μέθανα) is a municipality in the Islands regional unit, Attica, Greece.	Troizinia-Methana	Greece
country	Borský Svätý Jur (Hungarian:Búrszentgyörgy, German:Bur Sankt Georgen) is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Borský Svätý Jur	Slovakia
country	The Playa de Colcura is a beach in the vicinity of the commune of Lota in the province of Arauco, in the Bio Bio Region of Chile.	Playa de Colcura	Chile
country	McKellar Park (also known as just McKellar) is a neighbourhood located in Kitchissippi Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Canada.	McKellar Park	Canada
country	While the 1st class is the 5th and the 2nd class the 9th in the order of precedence of Finnish awards, the Mannerheim Cross 2nd class has become the most distinguished military award in Finland.	Mannerheim Cross	Finland
country	The Canadian War Museum (CWM) (French: Musée canadien de la guerre) is Canada's national museum of military history.	Canadian War Museum	Canada
country	Menzelinsk (Russian: Мензели́нск; Tatar Cyrillic: Минзәлә, Latin: Minzälä) is a town and the administrative center of Menzelinsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Menzelya River (Kama's basin), 292 kilometers (181 mi) east of Kazan.	Menzelinsk	Russia
country	The Five Islands Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the Tasman Sea, off the Illawarra east coast of the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Five Islands Nature Reserve	Australia
country	The Sanctuary of Monte Sant'Angelo sul Gargano, sometimes called simply Monte Gargano, is a Catholic sanctuary on Mount Gargano, Italy, part of the commune of Monte Sant'Angelo, in the province of Foggia, northern Apulia.	Sanctuary of Monte Sant'Angelo	Italy
country	Henry Farm is a neighbourhood in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Henry Farm	Canada
country	Stare Faszczyce (ˈstarɛ faʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Faszczyce	Poland
country	Noto (Sicilian: Notu; Latin: Netum) is a city and comune in the Province of Siracusa, Sicily, Italy.	Noto	Italy
country	Araqiyeh (Persian: عراقيه‎, also Romanized as ``Arāqīyeh) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 12 families.	Araqiyeh	Iran
country	Sandali-ye Gav Mishi (Persian: صندلي گاوميشي‎, also Romanized as Şandalī-ye Gāv Mīshī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sandali-ye Gav Mishi	Iran
country	The Polje District (pronounced (ˈpoːljɛ); Slovene: Četrtna skupnost Polje), or simply Polje, is a district (mestna četrt) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Polje District	Slovenia
country	Shri Vasantrao Naik Government Medical College, (SVNGMC) (Marathi: श्री वसंतराव नाईक शासकीय वैद्यकीय महाविद्यालय) is a Government Medical college & Hospital in Yavatmal city, in the Vidarbha region of the Maharashtra, India; that provides medical education at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.	Shri Vasantrao Naik Government Medical College	India
country	The Johor Port (Malay: Pelabuhan Johor) is a port located at Pasir Gudang, Johor, Malaysia.	Johor Port	Malaysia
country	Malaya Berestovitsa (Belarusian: Малая Бераставіца, Russian: Малая Берестовица, Polish: Brzostowica Mała) is a village in Belarus, Grodno Region, Byerastavitsa District.	Malaya Berestovitsa	Belarus
country	The Port of Tanga is the second largest port in Tanzania.	Port of Tanga	Tanzania
country	Myślibórz (mɨˈɕlʲibuʂ) (German: Soldin; Kashubian: Żôłdzëno) is a city in north-west Poland, in West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Myślibórz	Poland
country	Chandikhole is a place in Jajpur district, Odisha, India.	Chandikhole	India
country	Toczyski Podborne (tɔˈt͡ʂɨski pɔdˈbɔrnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Toczyski Podborne	Poland
country	Kidepo Valley National Park is a 1,442 square kilometres (557 sq mi) national park in the Karamoja region in northeast Uganda.	Kidepo Valley National Park	Uganda
country	Jalan Kawasan Perindustrian Hulu Langat, Federal Route 3210, is an industrial federal roads in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Kawasan Perindustrian Hulu Langat	Malaysia
country	Okeover Inlet, formerly Okeover Arm, is an inlet in the Sunshine Coast region of the southwestern mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Okeover Inlet	Canada
country	Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatyuk National Pedagogical University (commonly referred to as TNPU) is a university located in Ternopil, Ukraine.	Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatyuk National Pedagogical University	Ukraine
country	Staburags Parish (Latvian: Staburaga pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District, Latvia.	Staburags Parish	Latvia
country	Khvajeh Kari (Persian: خواجه كري‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Karī) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Kari	Iran
country	Turun Sanomat is the leading regional newspaper of the region of Southwest Finland.	Turun Sanomat	Finland
country	Maasbracht ( pronunciation ) is a town in the southeastern Netherlands.	Maasbracht	Netherlands
country	Herning has a population of 47,765 (1 January 2014) including the suburbs of Tjørring, Snejbjerg, Lind, Birk, Hammerum, and Gjellerup, making Herning the 11th most populous urban area in Denmark.	Herning	Denmark
country	Pulau Bajau is a hypsographic island within Poyan Reservoir in the Western Water Catchment of Singapore.	Pulau Bajau	Singapore
country	Lakhta-Olgino Municipal Okrug (Russian: муниципа́льный о́круг Ла́хта-О́льгино) is a municipal okrug of Primorsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia, comprising that city's historical areas of Lakhta and Olgino.	Lakhta-Olgino Municipal Okrug	Russia
country	The Resident Identity Card is the official form of personal identification in the People's Republic of China.	Resident Identity Card	People's Republic of China
country	Berzeliusskolan (most often called Berzan) is a primary and secondary school (secondary above all), in Linköping, Sweden.	Berzeliusskolan	Sweden
country	Deba Habe is a town in Gombe State in northern Nigeria.	Deba Habe	Nigeria
country	The Basilica of San Prudencio de Armentia (Spanish: Basílica de San Prudencio de Armentia) is a basilica located in Armentia, Spain.	Basilica of San Prudencio de Armentia	Spain
country	The University of Kashan, located in the city of Kashan in Iran, 230 kilometers south of the capital of Tehran.	University of Kashan	Iran
country	Kozierogi (kɔʑeˈrɔɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kozierogi	Poland
country	Breton Communist Party (in French: Parti communiste Breton) was a separatist and communist (Maoist-Guevarist) political party in Brittany, France.	Breton Communist Party	France
country	Black Pyramid Rock is an island nature reserve, with an area of 40 ha, in Bass Strait, south-eastern Australia.	Black Pyramid Rock	Australia
country	Namal Lake is located in Rikhi, a village on one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali, Punjab, Pakistan.	Namal Lake	Pakistan
country	The Danish Transport Authority (Danish: Trafikstyrelsen) is the Danish government agency responsible for regulating, planning and safety relating to public transport in Denmark.	Danish Transport Authority	Denmark
country	The Kharasan mine is a large open pit mine located in the southern part of Kazakhstan in South Kazakhstan Region.	Kharasan mine	Kazakhstan
country	Ministry of Construction Industry, Housing and Utilities Sector (Russian: Министерство строительства и ЖКХ) or Minstroy is a government ministry in the Cabinet of Russia.	Ministry of Construction Industry, Housing and Utilities Sector	Russia
country	Following the reunification of Germany the Heinrichshöhe Way was closed.	Heinrichshöhe	Germany
country	The Beate Uhse Erotic Museum (German: Beate Uhse Erotik-Museum) is a sex museum in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin, Germany.	Beate Uhse Erotic Museum	Germany
country	The Michelides Tobacco Factory building was an Interwar Art Deco building in Northbridge, Western Australia constructed in stages between the early 1920s and mid-1930s.	Michelides Tobacco Factory	Australia
country	Today, Chrysalis Music, owned by BMG Rights Management, controls the Immediate Records catalogue in the United Kingdom.	Immediate Records	United Kingdom
country	Bentleigh Secondary College is a coeducational public high school in Bentleigh East, Victoria, Australia.	Bentleigh Secondary College	Australia
country	Caledonian Crescent is a particularly wealthy and prominent residential community of Auchterarder, near Gleneagles Hotel in Perthshire, Scotland, United Kingdom.	Caledonian Crescent	United Kingdom
country	Ainata, or sometimes known as Ainata-Al Ariz (Arabic:عيناتا الأرز) is a Lebanese village, 108 km from Beirut, located in Northern Lebanon, between the Bsharri District and the Baalbek District.	Ainata	Lebanon
country	Wat Umong (complete name: Wat Umong Suan Puthatham) is a 700-year-old Buddhist temple in Chiang Mai, Thailand.	Wat Umong	Thailand
country	Motukaramarama Island is one of the Motukawao Islands group lying at the eastern end of the Hauraki Gulf, off the west coast of the Coromandel Peninsula, New Zealand.	Motukaramarama Island	New Zealand
country	Løkjelsvatnet or Lykilsvatnet is a regulated lake in the municipality of Etne in Hordaland county, Norway.	Løkjelsvatnet	Norway
country	Natinga is a refugee camp and a school that was established in 1993 in South Sudan for boys forced from their homes by the Second Sudanese Civil War.	Natinga	South Sudan
country	The Gulf of Valencia (Valencian: Golf de València, Spanish: Golfo de Valencia), is a gulf or inlet of the western Mediterranean Sea, on the eastern coast of Spain.	Gulf of Valencia	Spain
country	Melek is a municipality and village in the Nitra District of the south-west of Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Melek	Slovakia
country	Joseph Bonaparte Gulf (14°06′S 128°50′E) is a large body of water off the coast of the Northern Territory, Australia and Western Australia and part of the Timor Sea.	Joseph Bonaparte Gulf	Australia
country	Nazami Kandi (Persian: نظمي كندي‎, also Romanized as Naz̧amī Kandī) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazami Kandi	Iran
country	Santa Maria Arabona is a Cistercian abbey in Abruzzo, in central Italy.	Santa Maria Arabona	Italy
country	Ailigandí Airport (IATA: AIL ) is an airstrip serving Ailigandí, in Panama.	Ailigandí Airport	Panama
country	The Weser (German pronunciation: (ˈveːzɐ)) is a river in Northwestern Germany.	Weser	Germany
country	Tienlun Dam (Chinese: 天輪壩; pinyin: Tiānlún Bà) is a concrete gravity dam on the Dajia River in Heping District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Tienlun Dam	Taiwan
country	Faitroun (also spelled Faytroun) is a picturesque town in the Keserwan District of Mount Lebanon.	Faitroun	Lebanon
country	The Gulf of Darién is the southernmost region of the Caribbean Sea, located north and east of the border between Panama and Colombia.	Gulf of Darién	Panama	Colombia
country	Mannington Hall is a moated medieval country house in the civil parish of Itteringham near the village of the same name and is in the English county of Norfolk within the United Kingdom.	Mannington Hall	United Kingdom
country	The Hlincea Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Hlincea) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Ciurea, Iaşi metropolitan area, Romania.	Hlincea Monastery	Romania
country	The Nakhon Ratchasima Municipal Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬากลางเทศบาลนครนครราชสีมา) is a multi-use sports stadium in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.	Nakhon Ratchasima Municipal Stadium	Thailand
country	The Australian National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Education Policy (AEP) is an agreed national policy between the Government of Australia and each State and Territory government and is the foundation of education programs for all Indigenous Australians.	National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Education Policy	Australia
country	Sarcé is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire, north-western France.	Sarcé	France
country	Lake Vištytis (Lithuanian: Vištyčio ežeras, German: Wystiter See, Russian: Виштынецкое озеро) is a lake on the border between Lithuania (Vilkaviškis district) and Russia (Kaliningrad Oblast).	Lake Vištytis	Lithuania	Russia
country	The Wolderwijd is a bordering lake situated in the Netherlands, created in 1967 by the gaining of land in Southern Flevoland.	Wolderwijd	Netherlands
country	Vasilyevsky Island (Russian: Васи́льевский о́стров, Vasilyevsky Ostrov, V.O.) is an island in St. Petersburg, Russia, bordered by the Bolshaya Neva and Malaya Neva Rivers (in the delta of the Neva River) in the south and northeast, and by the Gulf of Finland in the west.	Vasilyevsky Island	Russia
country	Leščevje (pronounced (ˈleːʃtʃɛwjɛ); German: Leschuje) is a settlement in the hills west of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Leščevje	Slovenia
country	Précigné is a commune in the Sarthe département in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.	Précigné	France
country	CHIM-FM-5 was a Canadian radio station, operating at 93.1 FM in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	CHIM-FM-5	Canada
country	The Municipality of Škocjan (Slovene: Občina Škocjan), established in October 1994, is a municipality in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Škocjan	Slovenia
country	Concord Pacific Place is ``Canada's biggest master-planned urban community'' and is projected to be North America's largest in terms of occupants and area when completed.	Concord Pacific Place	Canada
country	Hastrup is a neighbourhood of Køge in Denmark located 2 to 3 kilometres south of central Køge.	Hastrup	Denmark
country	Urib (Russian: Уриб; Avar: ГӀуриб) is a rural locality (a selo) in Shamilsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Urib	Russia
country	Sarenj (Persian: سارنج‎, also Romanized as Sārenj) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarenj	Iran
country	Fashandak (Persian: فشندك‎) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Fashandak	Iran
country	Soraba is a panchayat town in Shimoga district in the state of Karnataka in India.	Soraba	India
country	St. George's School of Montreal is an independent school in Montreal, Canada founded in 1930.	St. George's School of Montreal	Canada
country	Dunaivtsi (Ukrainian: Дунаївці, Russian: Дунаевцы, Polish: Dunajowce) is the capital city of Dunaivtsi Raion, Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province), Ukraine.	Dunaivtsi	Ukraine
country	Saarepeedi Parish was a municipality in south-western Estonia, in Viljandi County.	Saarepeedi Parish	Estonia
country	Wooroloo Prison Farm is an Australian minimum-security prison located in Wooroloo, Western Australia.	Wooroloo Prison Farm	Australia
country	Rusayl is a city in Muscat, in northeastern Oman.	Rusayl	Oman
country	The Timorese Nationalist Party (Partido Nacionalista Timorense) is a nationalist political party in East Timor.	Timorese Nationalist Party	East Timor
country	Marianka is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava region, in the foothills of the Little Carpathians.	Marianka	Slovakia
country	Villa Lagarina (German: Lagertaldorf) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino, northern Italy, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Trento.	Villa Lagarina	Italy
country	Muljava (pronounced (muˈljaːʋa); German: Mulau) is a village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Muljava	Slovenia
country	The Cape Breton coal strike of 1981 was a strike by coal miners belonging to the United Mine Workers of America against the Cape Breton Development Corporation (DEVCO) of Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Cape Breton coal strike of 1981	Canada
country	Asiruta (Aymara asiru snail, uta house, ``snail'' or -ta a suffix, ``from the snail'', hispanicized spelling Aceruta) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Asiruta	Peru
country	Taishakugawa Dam is a dam in Shōbara, in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.	Taishakugawa Dam	Japan
country	When Hungerford died childless in 1835, the estate passed ``to the United States of America, to found at Washington, under the name of the Smithsonian Institution, an Establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men'', in accordance with Smithson's will.	Smithsonian Institution	United States of America
country	Unplanned America Season One is now available on Netflix Australia and SBS Two.	Unplanned America	Australia
country	Ko Phai (เกาะไผ่) is the largest island in Mu Ko Phai (หมู่เกาะไผ่), a small uninhabited archipelago on the eastern seaboard of Thailand.	Ko Phai	Thailand
country	Dodji Airport (ICAO: GO66 ) is an airport serving the town of Dodji in Senegal.	Dodji Airport	Senegal
country	Bantwal is a taluk in Dakshina Kannada district, Karnataka, India.	Bantwal	India
country	Dvorane (Serbian Cyrillic: Дворане) is a village located in the Kruševac municipality in central Serbia.	Dvorane	Serbia
country	Kihingo is a settlement in Nairobi, which is in Kenya's Central Province.	Kihingo	Kenya
country	Slaveykov Square (Bulgarian: Площад Славейков) is one of the most popular squares in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Slaveykov Square	Bulgaria
country	Şix Salahlı (also, Shikh-Salagly, Shikhsalakhly, and Shykhsalakhly) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şix Salahlı	Azerbaijan
country	Orne (French pronunciation: ​(ɔʁn)) is a department in the northwest of France, named after the river Orne.	Orne	France
country	Røst Church (Norwegian: Røst kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røst in Nordland county, Norway.	Røst Church	Norway
country	Kampab Mantqehi Maghan (Persian: كمپاب منطقه اي مغان‎, also Romanized as Kampāb Manṭqeh'ī Maghān) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kampab Mantqehi Maghan	Iran
country	Akobo County is a county in South Sudan.	Akobo County	South Sudan
country	Lake Kozhozero (Russian: Кожозеро) is a freshwater lake, located in the south of Onezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia.	Lake Kozhozero	Russia
country	Blanket Mine is a village and mine in the province of Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.	Blanket Mine	Zimbabwe
country	The Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation (OSSTF) is a trade union which represents 60,000 members across Ontario, Canada.	Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation	Canada
country	Vierranvárri is a mountain situated between Duolbagorni and Giebmegáisi (Kebnekaise) in Lapland in northern Sweden.	Vierranvárri	Sweden
country	Tiéviéssou (also spelled Tiébiéssou) is a village in southern Ivory Coast.	Tiéviéssou	Ivory Coast
country	Duders Beach (Umupuia Beach) is located in Manukau City, New Zealand, to the east of Maraetai on the North Road from Clevedon.	Duders Beach	New Zealand
country	Hakim Sabzevari University (HSU) (Persian: دانشگاه حکیم سبزواری‎‎) is the second largest public university in Razavi Khorasan province, Iran.	Hakim Sabzevari University	Iran
country	Kick 'em Jenny (also: Kick-'em-Jenny or Mt. Kick-'Em-Jenny) is an active submarine volcano or seamount on the Caribbean Sea floor, located 8 km (5 mi) north of the island of Grenada and about 8 km (5 mi) west of Ronde Island in the Grenadines.	Kick 'em Jenny	Grenada
country	Acheritou (Greek: Αχερίτου (locally (aʃeˈɾitu)); Turkish: Güvercinlik) is a village in Cyprus, located just to the west of the Agios Nikolaos section of Dhekelia SBA.	Acheritou	Cyprus
country	Amritavarshini Vav, also known as Panchkuva Stepwell or Katkhuni Vav, is a stepwell near the Panchkuva Darwaja in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Amritavarshini Vav	India
country	San Cayetano Istepeque (13°39′N 88°49′W), is a municipality in the San Vicente department of El Salvador.	San Cayetano Istepeque	El Salvador
country	Mladje (pronounced (ˈmlaːdjɛ)) is a small village south of Podbočje in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Mladje	Slovenia
country	Flatflesa Lighthouse (Norwegian: Flatflesa fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Flatflesa Lighthouse	Norway
country	The Naim Frashëri Publishing House (Albanian: Shtëpia Botuese ``Naim Frashëri''), is one of the most important publishers in Albania.	Naim Frashëri Publishing House	Albania
country	Kambarka (Russian: Камбарка) is a town and the administrative center of Kambarsky District of the Udmurt Republic, Russia, located on the Kambarka River (Kama's basin), 116 kilometers (72 mi) southeast of Izhevsk.	Kambarka	Russia
country	Ivanšćica (Croatian pronunciation: (iʋǎnʃt͡ɕit͡sa)), also sometimes spelled Ivanščica and Ivančica, is a mountain in northern Croatia.	Ivanšćica	Croatia
country	Kashozi is the site of a Catholic mission established in German East Africa, now Tanzania.	Kashozi	Tanzania
country	Tafraout (Shilha Berber: Tafrawt) is a town in Tiznit Province, Souss-Massa region, Morocco, in the central part of the Anti-Atlas mountains.	Tafraout	Morocco
country	Valle Vigezzo (Vigezzo Valley) is a valley in the Lepontine Alps in northwestern Italy on the border with Canton Ticino of Switzerland.	Valle Vigezzo	Italy
country	Zaglik-e Kurbolagh (Persian: زگليك كوربلاغ‎, also Romanized as Zaglīk-e Kūrbolāgh; also known as Zaklak-e Kūr Bolāgh) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zaglik-e Kurbolagh	Iran
country	The Port of Mokpo is a port in South Korea, located in the city of Mokpo.	Port of Mokpo	South Korea
country	The Douro Range is a small mountain range on northwestern Devon Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Douro Range	Canada
country	Bardera Polytechnic (Somali: Kuliyada Farsamada Baardheere, Arabic: كلية لعلوم التطبيقية بارطيرآ‎) is a non-profit tertiary polytechnic education centre located in Bardera, Somalia.	Bardera Polytechnic	Somalia
country	Śmiertny Dąb (ˈɕmjɛrtnɨ ˈdɔmp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Śmiertny Dąb	Poland
country	Tomb-e Garaveh (Persian: تمب گروه‎) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tomb-e Garaveh	Iran
country	Valence-sur-Baïse (pronounced: (valɑ̃s syʁ baiːz)) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	Valence-sur-Baïse	France
country	Brezje pri Dovškem (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈdoːu̯ʃkɛm)) is a settlement in the hills north of Brestanica in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Brezje pri Dovškem	Slovenia
country	The Kuching Wetlands National Park (KWNP; Malay: Taman Negara Tanah Lembap Kuching) is a national park in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Kuching Wetlands National Park	Malaysia
country	Saint-Julien-Beychevelle is a commune on the left bank of the Garonne estuary in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Saint-Julien-Beychevelle	France
country	Administratively, False Cape Horn, which belongs to the Commune of Cabo de Hornos, is part of the Antártica Chilena Province of the Magallanes y Antártica Chilena Region, Chile.	False Cape Horn	Chile
country	Kingston University (informally Kingston or KUL; formally styled Kingston University London) is a public research university located in Kingston upon Thames, southwest London, United Kingdom.	Kingston University	United Kingdom
country	The Măcin Mountains (Romanian: Munții Măcin) is a mountain range in Tulcea County, Dobrogea, Romania.	Măcin Mountains	Romania
country	The Japanese Film Festival is a film festival held annually in Singapore and dedicated to Japanese cinema.	Japanese Film Festival	Singapore
country	Drzenkowice (dʐɛnkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Drzenkowice	Poland
country	The One McKinley Place is a high-end residential condominium located across Pacific Plaza Towers in Bonifacio Global City, Philippines.	One McKinley Place	Philippines
country	The Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park is a 60-megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power plant, located in Olmedilla de Alarcón, Spain.	Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park	Spain
country	Vallbona de les Monges (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌbaʎˈβɔnə ðə ɫəz ˈmɔɲʒəs)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Urgell in Catalonia, Spain.	Vallbona de les Monges	Spain
country	Seonggeon-dong is an administrative dong or a neighbourhood in the administrative subdivisions of the Gyeongju City, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Seonggeon-dong	South Korea
country	La Royère Castle (French: Château de la Royère) is a ruined medieval castle in Néchin in the municipality of Estaimpuis, province of Hainaut, Belgium.	La Royère Castle	Belgium
country	Sainte-Marie-Outre-l'Eau is a French commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Sainte-Marie-Outre-l'Eau	France
country	The Parco Nazionale del Cilento, Vallo di Diano e Alburni is an Italian national park in the Province of Salerno, in Campania in southern Italy.	Parco Nazionale del Cilento, Vallo di Diano e Alburni	Italy
country	Taveh Fashang (Persian: تاوه فشنگ‎, also Romanized as Tāveh Fashang) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Taveh Fashang	Iran
country	The Näsby Runestone, designated as U 455 under the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located in Näsby, Uppland, Sweden.	Näsby Runestone	Sweden
country	Katukurunda Airport (Sinhalese: කටුකුරුන්ද ගුවන්තොටුපළ, IATA: KTY, ICAO: VCCN) is a domestic airport located near the town of Kalutara in Sri Lanka.	Katukurunda Airport	Sri Lanka
country	The Torres Islands are in the Torba Province of Vanuatu, the northernmost island group in the country.	Torres Islands	Vanuatu
country	Segget River (Malay: Sungai Segget, Chinese: 纱玉河) is a river in Johor state, Malaysia.	Segget River	Malaysia
country	Khatir Kola (Persian: خطيركلا‎, also Romanized as Khaţīr Kolā and Khaţīr Kalā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khatir Kola	Iran
country	According to census of India 2011, Kulamara had a population of 1210.	Kulamara	India
country	Sakstagals parish (Latvian: Sakstagala pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Sakstagals parish	Latvia
country	Wainui Beach is a small settlement on the coast of New Zealand's North Island, located just to the north of Tuaheni Point, some 8 km to the east of Gisborne, to which it is linked by State Highway 35.	Wainui Beach	New Zealand
country	Palazzo Erizzo, also known as Palazzo Erizzo alla Maddalena, is a Gothic-style palace on the Canal Grande, located between the Palazzo Marcello and the Palazzo Soranzo Piovene, in the sestiere of Cannaregio, in Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Erizzo alla Maddalena	Italy
country	The Saint-Ouen Cemetery is located just north of Montmartre at Saint-Ouen, near Paris, France.	Saint-Ouen Cemetery	France
country	The Gariuai Hydroelectric Plant is a run-of-the-river micro hydro power plant located in the town of Gariuai in Baucau District, East Timor.	Gariuai Hydroelectric Plant	East Timor
country	Qaleh-ye Mir Hasan (Persian: قلعه ميرحسن‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Mīr Ḩasan) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 33 families.	Qaleh-ye Mir Hasan	Iran
country	Johore Battery was an artillery battery in Changi, Singapore.	Johore Battery	Singapore
country	Angeh Fam (Persian: انگه فام‎, also Romanized as Angeh Fām; also known as Angefām, Angeqām, and Angetām) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Angeh Fam	Iran
country	The Oak Ridges Trail Association (ORTA) is an incorporated charitable organisation whose purpose is to develop, maintain, promote and expand the hiking trail system across the Oak Ridges Moraine in south-central Ontario, Canada.	Oak Ridges Trail Association	Canada
country	The Municipality of Beltinci (Slovene: Občina Beltinci) is a municipality in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Beltinci	Slovenia
country	École Amal (Arabic: ثانوية الأمل‎) is a K-12 private school based in Dahiet al-Assad suburb of Aleppo, Syria.	École Amal	Syria
country	The Étoile de Bessèges (English: Star of Bessèges) is an early-season five-day road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Southern France, around Bessèges.	Étoile de Bessèges	France
country	Valledupar is a city and municipality in northeastern Colombia.	Valledupar	Colombia
country	Konibodom District or Nohiya-i Konibodom (Tajik: Ноҳияи Конибодом, Persian: ناحیۀ کان بادام‎) is a district in Sughd province, Tajikistan.	Konibodom District	Tajikistan
country	Château Lynch-Moussas is a French winery in the Pauillac appellation of the Bordeaux region of France.	Château Lynch-Moussas	France
country	Dekemhare Subregion is a subregion in the southern Debub region (Zoba Debub) of Eritrea.	Dekemhare Subregion	Eritrea
country	Ifafa Beach is a small coastal resort on the south coast of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.	Ifafa Beach	South Africa
country	The Șăușa River ( Hungarian: Sópataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Șăușa River	Romania
country	Bushenyi is a town in Western Uganda.	Bushenyi	Uganda
country	Prins Alexander is a borough in the northeast of Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Prins Alexander	Netherlands
country	The 1994 Group was a coalition of smaller research-intensive universities in the United Kingdom, founded in 1994 to defend these universities' interests following the creation of the Russell Group by larger research-intensive universities earlier that year.	1994 Group	United Kingdom
country	Tashkent International Airport (Uzbek: Toshkent Xalqaro Aeroporti -- (IATA: TAS, ICAO: UTTT)) is the main international airport of Uzbekistan and the busiest airport in Central Asia.	Tashkent International Airport	Uzbekistan
country	Livadhja (in Albanian) is a village and a former municipality in Vlorë County, southern Albania.	Livadhja	Albania
country	Myasnikyan (Armenian: Մյասնիկյան) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Myasnikyan	Armenia
country	The Norns Range is a subrange of the Valkyr Range of the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of junction of Little Slocan River and Slocan River north of Castlegar.	Norns Range	Canada
country	The Halen Estate (Siedlung Halen) is a housing development near Berne, Switzerland.	Halen Estate	Switzerland
country	Cheraghestan (Persian: چراغستان‎, also Romanized as Cherāghestān) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheraghestan	Iran
country	The German Central Library for the Blind (German: Deutsche Zentralbücherei für Blinde), abbreviated DZB, is a public library for the visually impaired located in the city of Leipzig, Saxony, Germany.	German Central Library for the Blind	Germany
country	The Arboretum Marcel Kroenlein (15 hectares), also known as the Arboretum de Roure, is a high-altitude arboretum located at 1,270 to 1,700 metres above sea level on the edge of the Mercantour National Park in Roure, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Arboretum Marcel Kroenlein	France
country	The Municipality of Žalec (Slovene: Občina Žalec) is a municipality in Slovenia in the traditional region of Styria.	Municipality of Žalec	Slovenia
country	Escó, or in local Aragonese Esco, is an almost deserted village in the region of Jacetania, province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, located next to the Yesa Reservoir.	Escó	Spain
country	The Vega de Granada is a comarca (county, but with no administrative role) in the province of Granada, southeastern Spain.	Vega de Granada	Spain
country	Kofan is a rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Kofan	Mali
country	Čechůvky is a small village, one of the administrative parts of Prostějov in the Czech Republic.	Čechůvky	Czech Republic
country	Zadar Airport (IATA: ZAD, ICAO: LDZD) is the international airport serving Zadar, Croatia.	Zadar Airport	Croatia
country	Falęcice-Parcela (falɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Falęcice-Parcela	Poland
country	Nekla (ˈnɛkla) is a town in Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 6,750 inhabitants (2004).	Nekla	Poland
country	Witvlei (Afrikaans: White marsh) is a village in Okarukambe Constituency in the Omaheke Region of central-eastern Namibia.	Witvlei	Namibia
country	The Georgian Bay Symphony (GBS) located in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada was founded in 1972 by a small group of dedicated area musicians and became a Canadian Registered Charity in 1982.	Georgian Bay Symphony	Canada
country	Garachay (Azerbaijani: Qaraçay) is a river in Qabala raion of Azerbaijan.	Garachay	Azerbaijan
country	Bhojpur Airport (IATA: BHP, ICAO: VNBJ) is an airport serving Bhojpur, a town in the Bhojpur district in the Kosi zone in Nepal.	Bhojpur Airport	Nepal
country	Castell-Platja d'Aro is a municipality in the middle of the Costa Brava in Catalonia, Spain.	Castell-Platja d'Aro	Spain
country	Romanovci (Serbian: Романовци) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Romanovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kamaleh (Persian: كماله‎‎, also Romanized as Kamāleh) is a village in Uraman Takht Rural District, Uraman District, Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kamaleh	Iran
country	Urdadalstindene is a mountain ridge in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland, Norway.	Urdadalstindene	Norway
country	Berliner FC Dynamo (commonly BFC Dynamo or BFC) is a German football club from Berlin and the record champion of East Germany with ten consecutive championships from 1979 through 1988.	Berliner FC Dynamo	Germany
country	Băicoi (Romanian pronunciation: (bəjˈkoj)) is a town in Prahova county, Romania, near the 45th parallel.	Băicoi	Romania
country	Mont Lozère (Occitan: Mont Losera) is the highest peak in the Cévennes National Park of France, at 1,699 metres (5,574 ft).	Mont Lozère	France
country	Utvik Church (Norwegian: Utvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Utvik Church	Norway
country	Around the world, but mainly in Germany, there are several replicas of the Brunswick Lion.	Brunswick Lion	Germany
country	Ochyor (Russian: Очёр), alternatively spelled Ocher, is a town and the administrative center of Ochyorsky District in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the Ochyor River (Kama's tributary), 120 kilometers (75 mi) west of Perm, the administrative center of the krai.	Ochyor	Russia
country	UnitingCare Health is a large not-for-profit private hospital group in Australia.	UnitingCare Health	Australia
country	Zelenokumsk (Russian: Зеленоку́мск) is a town and the administrative center of Sovetsky District in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located on the Kuma River.	Zelenokumsk	Russia
country	The Egmont Palace (Dutch: Egmontpaleis, French: Palais d'Egmont) is a large mansion at the Rue aux Laines (Wolstraat) and the Petit Sablon Square in Brussels, Belgium.	Egmont Palace	Belgium
country	Peso da Régua (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpezu ðɐ ˈʁɛɣwɐ)), commonly known as Régua, is a municipality in northern Portugal, in the district of Vila Real.	Peso da Régua	Portugal
country	Muradxan (also, Muradkhan and Muradzhanly) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Muradxan	Azerbaijan
country	Radovci (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɔu̯tsi); Hungarian: Radófa) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Radovci	Slovenia
country	Beyoğlu (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈbejoːɫu)) is a district located on the European side of İstanbul, Turkey, separated from the old city (historic peninsula of Constantinople) by the Golden Horn.	Beyoğlu	Turkey
country	By the end of 1789, the States of Brabant again declared independence, this time from Austrian imperial rule, and, on January 11, 1790, joined the United States of Belgium.	States of Brabant	Belgium
country	Pianopoli is a small town in the Catanzaro province of Calabria in southern Italy.	Pianopoli	Italy
country	Wierobie (vjɛˈrɔbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wierobie	Poland
country	Wat Khunaram is a Buddhist temple on the island of Ko Samui in Surat Thani Province, Thailand.	Wat Khunaram	Thailand
country	Ha Baroana is a site in Lesotho noted for its early rock art. The site is located close to Nazareth village, to the east of the capital, Maseru.	Ha Baroana	Lesotho
country	Villa Escudero Plantations is 800 hectares (2,000 acres) of working coconut plantation and hacienda located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of the city of San Pablo, Laguna province on the border with Quezon province in the Philippines.	Villa Escudero	Philippines
country	Kafr Dariyan (Arabic: كفردريان‎ also spelled Kfar Drian) is a village in Syria, administratively part of Idlib Governorate.	Kafr Dariyan	Syria
country	The Nivolet (1,547 m) is a mountain of the Bauges Massif in the French Prealps near Chambéry in Savoie, France.	Nivolet	France
country	Sarıköynək (also, Sarykëynak) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sarıköynək	Azerbaijan
country	The Helsinki International Film Festival - Love & Anarchy is a non-competitive film festival held since 1988 in Helsinki, Finland, yearly in September.	Helsinki International Film Festival	Finland
country	Kšinná (Hungarian: Kesnyő) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Kšinná	Slovakia
country	Koshkuiyeh District (Persian: بخش کشکوئیه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Koshkuiyeh District	Iran
country	The Nancy Campbell Collegiate Institute is a grade 7 through 12th/OAC grades (day-school or residential) Canadian accredited international private Bahá'í school formerly in London, Ontario, Canada.	Nancy Campbell Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Lamzer (Persian: لمزر‎; also known as Lamarz) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lamzer	Iran
country	The Zaozhuang Railway Station (simplified Chinese: 枣庄站; traditional Chinese: 棗莊站) is a high-speed railway station in Zaozhuang, Shandong, People's Republic of China.	Zaozhuang Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Mikołajki (mʲikɔˈwai̯kʲi) (German: Nikolaiken ) is a town in Mrągowo County in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland with 3,849 inhabitants.	Mikołajki	Poland
country	Arna Station (Norwegian: Arna stasjon) is the second largest train station in Bergen, Norway; located in the Arna borough on the east side of Ulriken and between the two tunnels Ulriken Tunnel and Arnanipa.	Arna Station	Norway
country	Odessa Museum of Western and Eastern Art is a museum of Fine Arts on Pushkin street in Odessa, Ukraine.	Odessa Museum of Western and Eastern Art	Ukraine
country	The Champ de Mars (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑ̃ də maʁs) ; English: Field of Mars) is a large public greenspace in Paris, France, located in the seventh arrondissement, between the Eiffel Tower to the northwest and the École Militaire to the southeast.	Champ de Mars	France
country	Pagnath is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal.	Pagnath	Nepal
country	Metallgesellschaft AG was formerly one of Germany's largest industrial conglomerates based in Frankfurt.	Metallgesellschaft	Germany
country	The Artoles Formation is a geological formation in Teruel and La Rioja, Spain whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous.	Artoles Formation	Spain
country	Vayk (Armenian: Վայք), is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia, located on the Yerevan-Goris highway, 140 km south of the capital Yerevan and 20 km southeast of the regional capital Yeghegnadzor.	Vayk	Armenia
country	Chithode or Chittode is a panchayat town near Erode in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Chithode	India
country	Lorca Castle (Spanish: Castillo de Lorca) in Lorca, Murcia, Spain, is a fortress of medieval origin constructed between the 9th and 15th centuries.	Lorca Castle	Spain
country	The Minangkabau Highlands is a mountainous area in West Sumatra, around the three mountains (Mount Marapi, Mount Singgalang, and Mount Sago) in central Sumatra, Indonesia.	Minangkabau Highlands	Indonesia
country	The Staatsgalerie Aschaffenburg (``State Gallery Aschaffenburg'') is an art museum in Schloss Johannisburg in Aschaffenburg, Germany.	Staatsgalerie Aschaffenburg	Germany
country	Kideksha (Russian: Кидекша) is a village (selo) in Suzdalsky District of Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Kamenka and Nerl Rivers, 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) east of Suzdal.	Kideksha	Russia
country	Dég is a village in Fejér county, Hungary.	Dég	Hungary
country	La Alfera is a village in the municipality of Molinicos, province of Albacete, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	La Alfera	Spain
country	Hengevelde is a town in the eastern Netherlands.	Hengevelde	Netherlands
country	Ayelet HaShahar (Hebrew: אַיֶּלֶת הַשַּׁחַר) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Ayelet HaShahar	Israel
country	Baron Llangattock, of the Hendre in the County of Monmouth, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Baron Llangattock	United Kingdom
country	Şırnak (Kurdish: Şirnex) is a Turkish town in southeastern Turkey.	Şırnak	Turkey
country	Mazraeh-ye Jowzar (Persian: مزرعه جوزار‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Jowzār; also known as Jowzār) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 10 families.	Mazraeh-ye Jowzar	Iran
country	Morawy-Kafasy (mɔˈravɨ kaˈfasɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Morawy-Kafasy	Poland
country	The CTFD PortoGaia (Centro de Treinos e Formação Desportiva PortoGaia; English: PortoGaia Sports Training Center) is a football training complex located in Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal, that is used by the senior, reserve and youth teams of FC Porto.	CTFD PortoGaia	Portugal
country	Yffiniac (Breton: Ilfinieg, Gallo: Finyac) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Yffiniac	France
country	The Toblacher See (Italian: Lago di Dobbiaco; German: Toblacher See) is a lake in the municipality of Toblach in South Tyrol, Italy.	Toblacher See	Italy
country	The University of Valle (Spanish: Universidad del Valle), also called Univalle, is a public, departmental, coeducational, research university based primarily in the city of Cali, Valle del Cauca, Colombia.	University of Valle	Colombia
country	Råstasjön is a lake next to the Friends Arena in Solna north of Stockholm, Sweden.	Råstasjön	Sweden
country	El Imposible National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional El Imposible) is a tropical forest and a national park in El Salvador.	El Imposible National Park	El Salvador
country	Amangalla is a 5-star franchise hotel belonging to the international group of Aman Resorts, located in Galle, Sri Lanka built within Galle Fort, the 17th-century Dutch fort, inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Amangalla	Sri Lanka
country	Tashan Rural District (Persian: دهستان تشان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Riz District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tashan Rural District	Iran
country	Villach Friary (German: Franziskanerkloster Villach) is a Franciscan friary, responsible for the parish of St. Nicholas (Sankt Nikolai) in Villach, Carinthia, Austria.	Villach Friary	Austria
country	Bisle is a small village in the heart of south-western India's Western Ghats.	Bisle	India
country	Gmina Jedwabne is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gmina Jedwabne	Poland
country	The Battle River Railway Trestle, commonly known as the Fabyan Trestle Bridge, was constructed between 1907-December 10, 1908 west of Fabyan, Alberta, Canada at the cost of $600,000.	Fabyan Trestle Bridge	Canada
country	Cã Mamudo is a village in the Gabú Region of central-eastern Guinea-Bissau.	Cã Mamudo	Guinea-Bissau
country	Taurene parish (Latvian: Taurenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Vecpiebalga Municipality, Latvia and one of the 5 parishes in this municipality.	Taurene parish	Latvia
country	Al Rasheed University College is a private Iraqi university established in Baghdad, Iraq.	Al Rasheed University College	Iraq
country	Pileh Bagh (Persian: پيله باغ‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Bāgh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pileh Bagh	Iran
country	Trebnja Gorica (pronounced (ˈtɾeːbnja ɡɔˈɾiːtsa); in older sources also Trebna Gorica, German: Dreschenbüchel) is a small settlement near the source of the Krka River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Trebnja Gorica	Slovenia
country	Smorczewo (smɔrˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Smorczewo	Poland
country	Kiełczew Smużny Czwarty (ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛf ˈsmuʐnɨ ˈt͡ʂfartɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiełczew Smużny Czwarty	Poland
country	Artotina (Greek: Αρτοτίνα) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Vardousia, northwestern Phocis, Greece.	Artotina	Greece
country	Pandėlys ( pronunciation ) is a city in northern Lithuania.	Pandėlys	Lithuania
country	St. Thomas Church, Filefjell is the previous site of a medieval stave church in Filefjell, Norway.	St. Thomas Church, Filefjell	Norway
country	Vazhikkadavu is a small town in Nilambur taluk of Malappuram district, India.	Vazhikkadavu	India
country	Stara Gradiška (pronounced (stâːraː ɡrǎdiʃka), German: Altgradisch) is a village and a municipality in Slavonia, in the Brod-Posavina County of Croatia.	Stara Gradiška	Croatia
country	Lac de Pormenaz is a lake in the Passy nature preserve of the Haute-Savoie department of France.	Lac de Pormenaz	France
country	Chama District with the headquarters at Chama is the most northerly, largest and least-populated district of the Muchinga Province in Zambia and includes a large wilderness in the Upper Luangwa valley just north-east of the North Luangwa National Park.	Chama District	Zambia
country	The Grey River / Māwheranui is located in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand.	Grey River	New Zealand
country	The Humboldt Forum (German: Humboldtforum) is a large scale museum project and new building in Berlin, Germany.	Humboldt Forum	Germany
country	Buffalo City Stadium (also known as the BCM Stadium) is a multi-use stadium in East London, South Africa.	Buffalo City Stadium	South Africa
country	Tingo María Airport (IATA: TGI, ICAO: SPGM) is an airport serving Tingo María, in the Huánuco Region of Peru.	Tingo María Airport	Peru
country	Shennongjia Forestry District (Chinese: 神农架林区) is a county-level administrative unit (a ``forestry district'') in northwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, directly subordinated to the provincial government.	Shennongjia	People's Republic of China
country	Südfall (Danish: Sydfald) is a small island in the Wadden Sea off the west coast of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, one of the ten German Hallig islands.	Südfall	Germany
country	The Fontaine Louvois is a monumental public fountain in Square Louvois on the rue Richelieu in the Second Arrondissement of Paris, near the entrance of the Bibliothèque nationale de France.	Fontaine Louvois	France
country	Karakert (Armenian: Քարակերտ), formerly known as Karmrashen and Karaburun, is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Karakert	Armenia
country	The Lae Botanic Gardens are located in Bumneng, Eriku and Lae City in the Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Lae Botanic Gardens	Papua New Guinea
country	The Kurmi Market is a large market in the city of Kano, Kano State, Nigeria.	Kurmi Market	Nigeria
country	Dera Ismail Khan (Urdu : ڈیرہ اسماعیل خان, Saraiki: ڈیرہ اسماعیل خان, Pashto: ډېره اسماعيل خان‎), often abbreviated to D.I. Khan, is a city in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan.	Dera Ismail Khan	Pakistan
country	Robertsonpet is a township in the city of Kolar Gold Fields in India.	Robertsonpet	India
country	Těrlicko Dam (Czech: Těrlická přehrada, Vodní nádrž Těrlicko, Polish: Zalew Cierlicki, Zapora wodna Cierlicko) is a water reservoir and dam in Těrlicko, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Těrlicko Dam	Czech Republic
country	The Chiesa di Santa Margherita de' Cerchi is an 13th-century, Roman Catholic church dedicated to Margaret the Virgin in the centre of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Santa Margherita de' Cerchi	Italy
country	Korczówka-Kolonia (kɔrˈt͡ʂufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Korczówka-Kolonia	Poland
country	Skarinou (Greek: Σκαρίνου, Turkish: Iskarinu) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, located 4 km west of Kofinou.	Skarinou	Cyprus
country	Forbury Park Raceway is a horseracing venue in the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	Forbury Park Raceway	New Zealand
country	Evere railway station is a railway station in Brussels, Belgium, in the municipality of Evere.	Evere railway station	Belgium
country	Lahore Dry Port was the first Dry Port established in Pakistan, at Mughalpura, Lahore constructed and managed by Pakistan Railways since 1973.	Lahore Dry Port	Pakistan
country	Zardestan (Persian: زردستان‎, also Romanized as Zardestān; also known as Zarestān) is a village in Gol Khandan Rural District, in the Bumehen District of Pardis County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Zardestan	Iran
country	The Lima Metro (Spanish: Metro de Lima), is a metropolitan railway operated by Argentine company Ferrovías and peruvian company Graña y Montero, currently linking the district of Villa El Salvador in the south of Lima with San Juan de Lurigancho in the east of the capital of Peru.	Lima Metro	Peru
country	Barah Ruz (Persian: بره روز‎, also Romanized as Barah Rūz; also known as Barārūz) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barah Ruz	Iran
country	Samaipata Florida Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Samaipata Florida, ICAO: SLIP) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Samaipata, Santa Cruz, Bolivia.	Samaipata Florida Airport	Bolivia
country	The Green Theatre (Azerbaijani: Yaşıl teatr) is an open-air theatre in Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan.	Green Theatre	Azerbaijan
country	Bagh-e Kari (Persian: باغكاري‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Kārī) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Kari	Iran
country	As of 2001 India census, Kadamakkudy islands had a population of 15,823.	Kadamakkudy	India
country	Balete Drive is a two-lane undivided street and main thoroughfare in the New Manila District, in Quezon City, in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Balete Drive	Philippines
country	Ābeļi Parish (Latvian: Ābeļu pagasts) is an administrative unit of Jēkabpils Municipality, Latvia.	Ābeļi Parish	Latvia
country	Ciudad Caribia is a planned community in Venezuela, located to the west of Caracas.	Ciudad Caribia	Venezuela
country	Qansahdhere (Somali: Qansaxdheere), also known as Qansax Dheere, is a town in the southern Bay region of Somalia.	Qansahdhere	Somalia
country	The remains of Byllis are situated north-east of Vlorë, 25 kilometers from the sea in Hekal, Fier County, Albania.	Byllis	Albania
country	Kharmanyeri (Persian: خرمن يري‎, also Romanized as Kharmanyerī) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kharmanyeri	Iran
country	Qila Sheikhupura Junction railway station (Urdu: قلعہ شیخوپورہ جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located on Lahore - Faisalabad mainline in Pakistan.	Qila Sheikhupura Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	Innovate Wexford Park is a GAA stadium in Wexford, Ireland.	Wexford Park	Ireland
country	The Trị An Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Đồng Nai River in Vĩnh Cửu, Đồng Nai, Vietnam.	Trị An Dam	Vietnam
country	Artziniega (Spanish: Arceniega) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Artziniega	Spain
country	The East Torrens Football Association (ETFA) was an Australian rules football competition based in the eastern and north-eastern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia until it merged with the North Adelaide District Football Association to form the Norwood-North Football Association at the end of the 1968 season.	East Torrens Football Association	Australia
country	Telti (Gallurese: Tèlti, Sardinian: Telti) is a town and comune in the province of Olbia-Tempio, northern Sardinia (Italy).	Telti	Italy
country	Askaf is an iron ore prospect in Mauritania.	Askaf	Mauritania
country	Buttertubs Marsh is a bird sanctuary in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada.	Buttertubs Marsh	Canada
country	Loerbeek is a village in the eastern Netherlands, near the German border.	Loerbeek	Netherlands
country	The Château de Hierges is a partially ruined castle in the commune of Hierges in the Ardennes département of France.	Château de Hierges	France
country	Karju (Persian: كرجو‎, also Romanized as Karjū; also known as Qaraju) is a village in Abidar Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Karju	Iran
country	Medno (pronounced (ˈmɛːdnɔ)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in central Slovenia, northwest of the capital Ljubljana.	Medno	Slovenia
country	Dobec (pronounced (ˈdoːbəts)) is a small village in the hills north of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Dobec	Slovenia
country	Halifax Tool Library (HTL) is a tool lending library based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Halifax Tool Library	Canada
country	Mazegh-e Pain (Persian: مازغ پايين‎, also Romanized as Māzegh-e Pā’īn and Māzegh Pā’īn; also known as Māzegh) is a village in Tiab Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mazegh-e Pain	Iran
country	Kovylkino (Russian: Ковы́лкино; Moksha: Лашма) is a town in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, located 116 kilometers (72 mi) southwest of Saransk on the left bank of the Moksha River (a tributary of the Oka).	Kovylkino	Russia
country	The steam locomotives of DR Class 22 were reconstructed passenger train locomotives in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War.	DR Class 22	East Germany
country	Lake Mainit is the fourth largest lake in the Philippines, having a surface area of 173.40 square kilometers.	Lake Mainit	Philippines
country	In 1763 France relinquished its claims in Canada and Châteauguay was now under British mandate.	Châteauguay	Canada
country	Menzel Temime (منزل تميم) is a town in northeast Tunisia southeast of the peninsula of Cap Bon.	Menzel Temime	Tunisia
country	Heyran-e Sofla (Persian: حيران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeyrān-e Soflá; also known as Hairan, Ḩeyrān, and Ḩeyrān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Heyran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Gorom Gorom Airport (IATA: XGG, ICAO: DFEG) is a public use airport located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) east-northeast of Gorom Gorom, Oudalan, Burkina Faso.	Gorom Gorom Airport	Burkina Faso
country	Kwandang is a town in Indonesia and the regency seat of The Regency of North Gorontalo.	Kwandang	Indonesia
country	Bosutów (bɔˈsutuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bosutów	Poland
country	Badín is a village and municipality of the Banská Bystrica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Badín	Slovakia
country	Kharabeh-ye Chul Arkh (Persian: خرابه چول ارخ‎, also Romanized as Kharābeh-ye Chūl Arkh; also known as Kharābeh-ye Chehel Arkh) is a village in Gorgin Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kharabeh-ye Chul Arkh	Iran
country	Parzeń-Janówek (ˈpaʐɛɲ jaˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Parzeń-Janówek	Poland
country	Nuel (Persian: نوئل‎, also Romanized as Nū'el) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nuel	Iran
country	Przejęsław (pʂɛˈjɛ̃swaf) (German: Prinzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiecznica, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Przejęsław	Poland
country	Clearwater Aerodrome (TC LID: CDJ4), is a private airfield run by the Irving Oil company in Clearwater, New Brunswick, Canada.	Clearwater Aerodrome	Canada
country	Mar Barreh (Persian: ماربره‎, also Romanized as Mār Barreh and Mār Bereh; also known as Māyereh) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District, Salehabad District, Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mar Barreh	Iran
country	Hørning is a town in central Denmark with a population of 7,265 (1 January 2015), located in Skanderborg municipality on the peninsula of Jutland just south of Aarhus and is a suburb today.	Hørning	Denmark
country	Tranebjerg is a parish and small town, situated at the centre of the South Island of Samsø in Denmark.	Tranebjerg	Denmark
country	Chernogolovka (Russian: Черноголо́вка) is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 43 kilometers (27 mi) northeast from Moscow border.	Chernogolovka	Russia
country	Šušvė is a river in central Lithuania.	Šušvė	Lithuania
country	The Royal Automobile Museum (Arabic: متحف السيارات الملكي) is an automobile museum in Amman, Jordan.	Royal Automobile Museum	Jordan
country	Marhi is a ``shanty town of roadside restaurants'' in Himachal Pradesh, India, located midway between Manali and Rohtang La on the Manali-Leh Highway.	Marhi	India
country	Gallikos (Greek: Γαλλικός) is a village and a former municipality in the Kilkis regional unit, Greece.	Gallikos	Greece
country	Conca de Barberà (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkoŋkə ðə βərβəˈɾa)) is a comarca (county) in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.	Conca de Barberà	Spain
country	Peristeri Indoor Hall (also known as Peristeri Arena and Andreas Papandreou Arena) is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Peristeri, a western borough of Athens, Greece.	Peristeri Indoor Hall	Greece
country	Tariquía Flora and Fauna National Reserve (Reserva Nacional de Flora y Fauna Tariquía) is a protected area in the Tarija Department, Bolivia, situated in the Aniceto Arce Province, Burnet O'Connor Province, Gran Chaco Province and José María Avilés Province.	Tariquía Flora and Fauna National Reserve	Bolivia
country	Motu Nui (large island in the Rapa Nui language) is the largest of three islets just south of Easter Island and is the most westerly place in Chile.	Motu Nui	Chile
country	Inowrocław (Polish pronunciation: ('inɔˈvrɔt͡swaf); German: Hohensalza; until 1904: Inowrazlaw, rarely Jungbreslau) is a city in north-central Poland with a total population of 74,803 in 2014.	Inowrocław	Poland
country	Pumiao (simplified Chinese: 蒲庙; traditional Chinese: 蒲廟; pinyin: Púmiào) is a town in the Yongning District, in the eastern suburbs of Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China, on the southern (right) bank of the Yong River.	Pumiao	People's Republic of China
country	Penggung Airport or Cakrabuwana Airport is a small airport located on Penggung, Cirebon Regency, West Java, Indonesia.	Penggung Airport	Indonesia
country	The 1915 Avezzano earthquake occurred on January 13 in Central Italy, in the province of L'Aquila.	1915 Avezzano earthquake	Italy
country	Jowzi (Persian: جوزي‎, also Romanized as Jowzī) is a village in Kushk Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Jowzi	Iran
country	Canacona (Kannkonn, pronounced (kaːɳkɔɳ)) is a city and a municipal council in South Goa district in the state of Goa, India.	Canacona	India
country	Umeå Energi Arena, formerly known as T3 Arena and Gammliavallen, is a multi-purpose stadium in Umeå, Sweden.	Umeå Energi Arena	Sweden
country	Cerov Log (pronounced (ˈtseːɾou̯ ˈloːk)) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Cerov Log	Slovenia
country	Kataliontas (Greek: Καταλιόντας) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, 2 km south of Analiontas.	Kataliontas	Cyprus
country	Tiyeglow (Somali: Tiyeegloow), sometimes also called Tieglow is a town in the southwestern Bakool region of Somalia.	Tiyeglow	Somalia
country	Store Skagastølstind (also known as Storen) is the third highest peak in Norway.	Store Skagastølstind	Norway
country	Refuge du Promontoire is a refuge in the Alps located in France in the massif des Ecrins, it is just build on rock in front of the South face of La Meije.	Refuge du Promontoire	France
country	The North-West T-way is a bus rapid transit line in the north-western suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	North-West T-way	Australia
country	The Care Act 2014 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 14 May 2014, after being introduced on 9 May 2013.	Care Act 2014	United Kingdom
country	Žvirgždaičiai is a small town in Marijampolė County, in southwestern Lithuania.	Žvirgždaičiai	Lithuania
country	Bramble Bay is an embayment of Moreton Bay in South East Queensland, Australia.	Bramble Bay	Australia
country	Ganei Tikva (Hebrew: גַּנֵּי תִּקְוָה, lit. Gardens of Hope; Arabic: غني تيكفا‎) is a local council in Israel, bordering Kiryat Ono to the west, Petah Tikva to the north, Gat Rimon to the east and Savyon to the south.	Ganei Tikva	Israel
country	Thandanggyi (Burmese: သံတောင်ကြီးမြို့) is a town in the Kayin State of south Myanmar.	Thandanggyi	Myanmar
country	Nucăreni is a commune in Teleneşti district, Moldova composed of a single village, Nucăreni.	Nucăreni	Moldova
country	Adeje is a town and municipality in the southwestern part of the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain.	Adeje	Spain
country	The Artaxiad dynasty or Ardaxiad dynasty (Artashesian Dynasty, Armenian: Արտաշեսյան արքայատոհմ) ruled the Kingdom of Armenia from 189 BC until their overthrow by the Romans in AD 12.	Artaxiad dynasty	Kingdom of Armenia
country	Skomlin (ˈskɔmlin) is a village in Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skomlin	Poland
country	Frierfjorden is a fjord in the Grenland traditional district in the county of Telemark, Norway.	Frierfjord	Norway
country	Jhabua State was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj.	Jhabua State	India
country	The Gyerim is a small woodland in Gyeongju National Park, Gyeongju, South Korea.	Gyerim	South Korea
country	Mzurki (ˈmzurki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mzurki	Poland
country	Chief police officer is a phrase used in the United Kingdom to describe the position held by the most senior police officer in a police force.	Chief police officer	United Kingdom
country	The Archaeological Museum of Veroia is one of the most important archaeological museums in Macedonia, Greece.	Archaeological Museum of Veroia	Greece
country	Musigati is a town in the Commune of Musigati in Bubanza Province in north western Burundi.	Musigati	Burundi
country	Perućac (Cyrillic Перућац) is a village in western Serbia in the immediate proximity of the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Perućac	Serbia
country	Dehaqan (Persian: دهاقان‎, also Romanized as Dehāqān) is a city in and the capital of Dehaqan County, in western Isfahan Province, Iran.	Dehaqan	Iran
country	Akagera National Park covers 1,200 km² in eastern Rwanda, along the Tanzanian border.	Akagera National Park	Rwanda
country	Rower-Inistioge GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the Inistioge area of County Kilkenny, Ireland.	Rower-Inistioge GAA	Ireland
country	Milano Lambrate railway station (Italian: Stazione di Milano Lambrate) is one of the main stations serving the city and comune of Milan, capital of the region of Lombardy, northern Italy.	Milano Lambrate railway station	Italy
country	Podpulfrca (pronounced (pɔtˈpuːlfəɾtsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podpulfrca	Slovenia
country	Roztworów (rɔstˈfɔruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Roztworów	Poland
country	The Vari Cave, also known as the Nympholyptos Cave (Greek: Σπήλαιο Νυμφολήπτου Βάρης), is a small cave northeast of Vari in Attica, Greece.	Vari Cave	Greece
country	Storsnasen is a mountain peak in the Snasahögarna mountain range of Jämtland County, western Sweden.	Storsnasen	Sweden
country	Lebuh SPA (Sungai Udang - Paya Rumput - Ayer Keroh Highway), Federal Route 33 (formerly Malacca State Route M17), is a major highway in Malacca state, Malaysia.	Lebuh SPA	Malaysia
country	The University of Exeter is a public research university located in Exeter, South West England, United Kingdom.	University of Exeter	United Kingdom
country	West Mata is located just west of the north end of the Tonga Ridge where the Tonga Trench makes a sharp turn to the west.	West Mata	Tonga
country	Hedströmmen is a river located in Bergslagen in Sweden.	Hedströmmen	Sweden
country	Reus Airport (IATA: REU, ICAO: LERS) is located by the beaches of Costa Daurada, equidistant in relation to the town of Constantí and the city of Reus and approximately 7.5 km (4.7 mi) from the city of Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain.	Reus Airport	Spain
country	Beggingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.	Beggingen	Switzerland
country	Bethlem Royal Hospital, also known as St Mary Bethlehem, Bethlehem Hospital and Bedlam, is a psychiatric hospital in London, United Kingdom.	Bethlem Royal Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Sladna (Serbian: Сладна) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sladna	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Cape Gloucester (also known as Tuluvu) is a headland on the northern side of the far west of the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea.	Cape Gloucester	Papua New Guinea
country	Jangsaengpo Whale Museum is a history museum located in Jangsaengpo, Nam-gu, Ulsan, South Korea.	Jangsaengpo Whale Museum	South Korea
country	The Muger River (or Mujer) is a north-flowing tributary of the Abay River in central Ethiopia, which is notable for its deep gorge.	Muger River	Ethiopia
country	Gulskogen Manor (Norwegian: Gulskogen gård) is a manor house and landscape park which forms part of Drammen Museum in Drammen, Norway.	Gulskogen Manor	Norway
country	Courtaulds was a United Kingdom-based manufacturer of fabric, clothing, artificial fibres, and chemicals.	Courtaulds	United Kingdom
country	The Kings Tableland is a plateau, located in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.	Kings Tableland	Australia
country	Steam Incorporated, often abbreviated to Steam Inc., is a railway heritage and preservation society based at the Paekakariki Railway Station, Paekakariki at the southern end of the Kapiti Coast, approximately 50 minutes north of Wellington on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Steam Incorporated	New Zealand
country	Marsaskala (M'Skala, Maltese: Wied il-Għajn), sometimes spelt Marsascala (M'Scala), is a sea-side village in the South Eastern Region of Malta that has grown around the small harbour at the head of Marsaskala Bay, a long narrow inlet also known as Marsaskala Creek.	Marsaskala	Malta
country	Szekszárd (Hungarian: (sɛksaːrd) , German: Sechshard, Croatian: Seksar, ) is a city in Hungary and the capital of Tolna county.	Szekszárd	Hungary
country	Nižná Polianka (Hungarian: Alsópagony) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Nižná Polianka	Slovakia
country	San Ignacio Resort Hotel is a hotel resort on Buena Vista Street, San Ignacio, Cayo District, Belize.	San Ignacio Resort Hotel	Belize
country	Kasegan-e Sofla (Persian: كاسگان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kāsegān-e Soflá; also known as Kāsegān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kasegan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Madwaleni Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital near rural Elliotdale, Eastern Cape in South Africa.	Madwaleni Hospital	South Africa
country	Kalubhar River is a river on the Kathiawar peninsula in the western India state of Gujarat.	Kalubhar River	India
country	Foy's Lake is a man-made lake in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Foy's Lake	Bangladesh
country	Saint-Géry Island (French: île Saint-Géry, Dutch: Sint-Gorikseiland ) was the largest island in the Senne (Zenne) river in Brussels, Belgium.	Saint-Géry Island	Belgium
country	Książęca Wieś (kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Książęca Wieś	Poland
country	Aggrey Road is a major east-west arterial road located within the Old Township district in South Port Harcourt in Rivers State, Nigeria.	Aggrey Road	Nigeria
country	Matli railway station (Urdu: ماتلی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is situated at Matli which is a town and capital place of Matli Taluka in Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Matli railway station	Pakistan
country	Yan Yean Reservoir is the oldest water supply for the city of Melbourne, Australia.	Yan Yean Reservoir	Australia
country	Saupsdorf is a village in Saxony, Germany, situated in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge.	Saupsdorf	Germany
country	Tampere University of Applied Sciences (Finnish: Tampereen ammattikorkeakoulu, TAMK) is a university of applied sciences (a polytechnic) in the region of Pirkanmaa, Finland.	Tampere University of Applied Sciences	Finland
country	Knivskjellodden or Knivskjelodden is a peninsula located in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Knivskjellodden	Norway
country	Pehr Evind Svinhufvud's first senate was the first cabinet of independent Finland.	Pehr Evind Svinhufvud's first senate	Finland
country	The Coolart Wetlands and Homestead Reserve, or just Coolart, is an 87.5 ha estate on the Western Port coast of the Mornington Peninsula of Victoria, south-eastern Australia, about 70 km south-east of Melbourne.	Coolart Wetlands and Homestead Reserve	Australia
country	Efyra (Greek: Εφύρα) is a village and a community in the western part of Pineia municipal unit, Elis, Greece.	Efyra	Greece
country	Kishanda is a national reserve for elephants in Tanzania.	Kishanda	Tanzania
country	Domeikava is village in the Kaunas district municipality, Lithuania.	Domeikava	Lithuania
country	Siran Valley, is a little-known valley, lying in Mansehra District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Siran Valley	Pakistan
country	The Feriye Palace (Turkish: Feriye Sarayı) is a complex of Ottoman imperial palace buildings along the European shoreline of the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul, Turkey.	Feriye Palace	Turkey
country	The Karun-4 Dam is an arch dam on the Karun River located at 180 km southwest of Shahr-e-Kord in the province of Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari, Iran.	Karun-4 Dam	Iran
country	Sura Kallanka (Quechua kallanka large roofed building used for celebrations during the Inca Empire, hispanicized spelling Soracallanca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Sura Kallanka	Peru
country	Denmark's biggest gold hoard from the Migration Period was found at Broholm.	Broholm	Denmark
country	The Umberto I Shooting Range is a firing range located in the Lazio region west of Rome, Italy.	Umberto I Shooting Range	Italy
country	Velanai (Tamil: வேலணை) is a small village in Velanai Island which is in off the coast of Jaffna Peninsula in the North of Sri Lanka.	Velanai	Sri Lanka
country	The Morondava District is a district in the Menabe region in eastern Madagascar.	Morondava District	Madagascar
country	Sri Gading (also known as Seri Gading, Chinese:四加亭) is a town as well as parliamentary constituency in Batu Pahat District, Johor, Malaysia, located along Jalan Kluang - Batu Pahat (route ).	Sri Gading	Malaysia
country	Arzni (Armenian: Արզնի), is a resort village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia located on in the Hrazdan canyon.	Arzni	Armenia
country	Maresias is a beach and district at the Atlantic Ocean in the city of São Sebastião, located on São Paulo state's northern coastline, Brazil.	Maresias	Brazil
country	Tang Shiu Kin Hospital (Chinese: 鄧肇堅醫院) is a hospital in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Tang Shiu Kin Hospital	Hong Kong
country	Oropioi (Greek: Δήμος Ωρωπίων) is a former municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Oropioi	Greece
country	The Château de Tonquédec is a castle in Brittany, France, and one of the most visited monuments in the département of the Côtes d'Armor.	Château de Tonquédec	France
country	Tselemti (also transliterated Salamt) is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Tselemti	Ethiopia
country	Chabówko (xaˈbufkɔ) (German: Neu Falkenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chabówko	Poland
country	The Movement for Social Humanism (Dvizhenie za sotsialen humanizam) is a progressive political party in Bulgaria formed in 2003.	Movement for Social Humanism	Bulgaria
country	Rudusk (ˈrudusk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójno, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rudusk	Poland
country	The Autovía A-35 is a highway in the province of Valencia, Spain.	Autovía A-35	Spain
country	The Filmoteca Española (Spanish Cinemathèque) is an official institution of the Ministry of Culture of Spain.	Filmoteca Española	Spain
country	Vaysian (Persian: ويسيان‎, also Romanized as Vaysīān; also known as Vaysīā and Veyseva) is a village in Uraman Takht Rural District, Uraman District, Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Vaysian	Iran
country	The Museo de la Arquitectura Ponceña (Museum of Ponce Architecture) is an architectural museum housed in the Casa Wiechers-Villaronga, in Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Museo de la Arquitectura Ponceña	Puerto Rico
country	Muriling is a settlement in Kenya's Rift Valley Province.	Muriling	Kenya
country	Chaluki (Persian: چلوكي‎, also Romanized as Chalūkī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chaluki	Iran
country	Vedbæk is a suburban neighbourhood on the coast north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vedbæk	Denmark
country	Ejer Bavnehøj (Danish pronunciation: (ɑɪ̯ɐ ˈbɑʊ̯nəhɔɪ̯ˀ), also spelled Ejer Baunehøj) is the third-highest natural point in Denmark (170.35 m).	Ejer Bavnehøj	Denmark
country	The American College of the Immaculate Conception, or the American College of Louvain, was a Roman Catholic seminary in Leuven, Belgium, which operated under the auspices of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.	American College of the Immaculate Conception	Belgium
country	Orange Walk Town is the fourth largest town in the nation of Belize, with a population of about 13,400 (Official Release of the Main Findings of the 2010 Population and Housing Census).	Orange Walk Town	Belize
country	Old Havana (Spanish: La Habana Vieja) is the city-center (downtown) and one of the 15 municipalities (or boroughs) forming Havana, Cuba.	Old Havana	Cuba
country	Tell Ain el Meten is a tell in the area of El Meten in the Rashaya District, south-eastern portion of the Bekaa Governorate of the Republic of Lebanon.	Tell Ain el Meten	Lebanon
country	Nad Bladówkiem (ˌnad blaˈdufkʲɛm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nad Bladówkiem	Poland
country	Santarcangelo di Romagna (Romagnol: Santarcànzul) is a town and comune in the province of Rimini, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, on the Via Emilia.	Santarcangelo di Romagna	Italy
country	Mahrusah (Arabic: محروسة‎, also spelled Mahrousa) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama.	Mahrusah	Syria
country	The Estádio Olímpico João Havelange (English: João Havelange Olympic Stadium) is a multi-use stadium located in the neighbourhood of Engenho de Dentro in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Estádio Olímpico João Havelange	Brazil
country	Qezel Dash-e Sofla (Persian: قزلداش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qezel Dāsh-e Soflá; also known as Qezeldāsh-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Dash-e Sofla	Iran
country	Palma Intermodal Station (Catalan: Estació Intermodal) is the main railway station of Palma on the island of Majorca, Spain.	Palma Intermodal Station	Spain
country	Production of Energia rockets ended with the fall of the Soviet Union and the end of the Buran shuttle project.	Energia	Soviet Union
country	Munkedal is a locality and the seat of Munkedal Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 3,718 inhabitants in 2010.Joakim Andersson a hockey player for the Detroit Redwings grew up in Munkedal.	Munkedal	Sweden
country	The Clinical Center of Vojvodina (Клинички центар Војводине, Klinički centar Vojvodine) is a hospital providing tertiary level health care services for the population of Vojvodina, the northern province of Serbia.	Clinical Center of Vojvodina	Serbia
country	The Baritú National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Baritú) is a national park in Argentina, located in the Santa Victoria Department, in the north of the province of Salta, in the Argentine Northwest.	Baritú National Park	Argentina
country	Mantsopa Local Municipality is a local municipality in the Thabo Mofutsanyana District of the Free State in South Africa.	Mantsopa Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Ulavi is a village about 75 kilometres (47 mi) from Karwar (via Kumbarawada) in Karnataka state, India.	Ulavi	India
country	Yonchovo (Bulgarian: Йончово) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Yonchovo	Bulgaria
country	The Katz Group of Companies is one of Canada's largest privately owned enterprises, with operations in pharmacy, sports & entertainment and real estate development.	Katz Group of Companies	Canada
country	Ahmadabad-e Rashti (Persian: احمداباد رشتي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Rashtī and Aḩmadābād Rashtī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Rashti	Iran
country	Gangshan District (Chinese: 岡山區; pinyin: Gāngshān Qū; Wade--Giles: Kang1-shan1 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kong-san-khu, Hakka: Kông-sân-khî), is a suburban district in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan.	Gangshan District	Taiwan
country	Falstad concentration camp was situated in the village of Ekne in what was the municipality of Skogn (now in the municipality of Levanger) in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Falstad concentration camp	Norway
country	Mukdahan (Thai: มุกดาหาร) is a town (thesaban mueang) and capital of Mukdahan Province, which became Thailand's 73rd province in 1982.	Mukdahan	Thailand
country	Župetinci (pronounced (ˈʒuːpɛtintsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia.	Župetinci	Slovenia
country	Stilo (Greek: Stylos, column) is a town and comune in the province of Reggio Calabria, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Stilo	Italy
country	Hyvinkää railway station (Finnish: Hyvinkään rautatieasema, Swedish: Hyvinge järnvägsstation) is located in Hyvinkää, Finland, approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Helsinki Central railway station.	Hyvinkää railway station	Finland
country	Naqoura (Arabic: الناقورة‎, Enn Nâqoura, Naqoura, An Nāqūrah) is a small city in southern Lebanon.	Naqoura	Lebanon
country	The Henry Klumb House (Spanish: Casa Henry Klumb or more generally Casa Klumb), also known as Cody Ranch, is a 1949 house in San Juan, Puerto Rico designed by German-born architect Henry Klumb in Modern Movement architecture.	Henry Klumb House	Puerto Rico
country	Petrades is the easternmost point of mainland Greece.	Petrades	Greece
country	The Beldangi refugee camps (Nepali: बेलडाँगी शरणार्थी शिविर; Belḍā̃gī śaraṇārthī śivira) consist of three settlements in Damak, Jhapa District, Nepal:	Beldangi refugee camps	Nepal
country	Bieldside has some of the wealthiest people in the United Kingdom in its residence.	Bieldside	United Kingdom
country	Forari is one of the three most used ports in Vanuatu.	Forari	Vanuatu
country	The Dniester Pumped Storage Power Station is a pumped storage hydroelectric scheme that uses the Dniester River 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of Sokyriany in Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Dniester Pumped Storage Power Station	Ukraine
country	The Movement for the Autonomies (Italian: Movimento per le Autonomie, MpA) is a regionalist and Christian democratic political party in Italy.	Movement for the Autonomies	Italy
country	Bławaty (bwaˈvatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bławaty	Poland
country	Eastland Shopping Centre is a large shopping centre located in the outer eastern suburb of Ringwood, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, which first opened on 31 October 1967.	Eastland Shopping Centre	Australia
country	Aughagower or Aghagower (Irish: Achadh Ghobhair, meaning ``Field of the Springs'') is a tiny village in rural County Mayo in western Ireland.	Aughagower	Ireland
country	Navithanveli Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Ampara District, of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.	Navithanveli Divisional Secretariat	Sri Lanka
country	Svensk Magisk Cirkel (Swedish Magic Circle, SMC) is the national organization for magic in Sweden.	Svensk Magisk Cirkel	Sweden
country	Pretoria Boys High School, also known as Boys High, is a public, tuition charging, English medium boys high school located in Brooklyn, Pretoria, South Africa, founded in 1901 by The Rt Hon. Lord Milner.	Pretoria Boys High School	South Africa
country	Stillorgan (Irish: Stigh Lorgan, also Stigh Lorcáin and previously Tigh Lorcáin or Teach Lorcáin), formerly a village in its own right, is now a suburban area of Dublin in Ireland.	Stillorgan	Ireland
country	Calzada de Don Diego is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.	Calzada de Don Diego	Spain
country	Kamagut is a Sub location in Uasin Gishu County of the Republic of Kenya.	Kamagut	Kenya
country	Zaluzhany (Ukrainian: Залужани, Polish: Wacowice) is a village (selo) in Drohobych Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Zaluzhany	Ukraine
country	Palayamkottai (Palamcottah Tamil: பாளையங்கோட்டை pronunciation ), known as the ``Oxford of South India'', is a town in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu.	Palayamkottai	India
country	Ballipadar is a village under Buguda block of Ganjam district located in Odisha, India.	Ballipadar	India
country	Włodawa County (Polish: powiat włodawski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland, on the border with Ukraine and Belarus.	Włodawa County	Poland
country	Bazmahi (Persian: بزماهي‎, also Romanized as Bazmāhī) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bazmahi	Iran
country	The Estadio Ruta de la Plata (literal English translation: Silver Road Stadium) is a stadium located in Zamora, Spain.	Estadio Ruta de la Plata	Spain
country	Marstal is a town in southern Denmark, located in Ærø municipality on the island of Ærø.	Marstal	Denmark
country	Bubastis (Greek: Βούβαστις Boubastis or Βούβαστος Boubastos), also known in Arabic as Tell-Basta or in Egyptian as Per-Bast, was an Ancient Egyptian city, the capital of its own nome, located along the River Nile in the Delta region of Lower Egypt.	Bubastis	Egypt
country	Dalowali (Urdu: ﮈﺍ ﻟﻮﻭﺍ ﻟﯽ) is a village located in Eastern Sialkot on Jammu Road, Punjab, Pakistan, resting at approximately 256 meters above sea level, 7 km from the Indian border village of Sujeet Ghar and neighbouring Sialkot Cantonment.	Dalowali	Pakistan
country	Linderhof Palace (German: Schloss Linderhof) is a Schloss in Germany, in southwest Bavaria near Ettal Abbey.	Linderhof Palace	Germany
country	The Horelica Tunnel is a road tunnel in northern Slovakia.	Horelica Tunnel	Slovakia
country	The Quaternaglia Guitar Quartet (QGQ) is a classical guitar ensemble from São Paulo, Brazil.	Quaternaglia Guitar Quartet	Brazil
country	Kappad, or Kappakadavu locally, is a famous beach near Kozhikode (Calicut), India, where the Portuguese explorer Vasco Da Gama landed on 20 May 1498.	Kappad	India
country	Mount Barr is a mountain in the Skagit Range of the Cascade Mountains of southern British Columbia, Canada, located on the northeast side of Wahleach Lake and just southwest of Hope.	Mount Barr	Canada
country	Trnové is a city part in the north-western Slovakia, approximately 7 kilometres south-east from Žilina.	Trnové	Slovakia
country	Darreh-ye Dah Pahlavan (Persian: دره ده پهلوان‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Dah Pahlavān and Darreh-ye Deh-e Pahlavān) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Dah Pahlavan	Iran
country	Lega Nord Piemont (English: Northern League Piedmont, LNP) is a regionalist political party in Italy active in Piedmont, Italy.	Lega Nord Piemont	Italy
country	The Ria Formosa lagoon, located in the Algarve, in southern Portugal, is a system of barrier islands that communicates with the sea through six inlets.	Ria Formosa	Portugal
country	Sosiaalikeskus Satama (Harbor Social Center) was a social center in Helsinki, Finland, opened in April 2009.	Sosiaalikeskus Satama	Finland
country	The Agdam Mosque (Azerbaijani: Ağdam məscidi, also transliterated as Aghdam Mosque) is a mosque in the ghost town of Agdam, de jure part of Azerbaijan, but de facto controlled by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Agdam Mosque	Azerbaijan
country	Rutja Airfield (Estonian: Rutja lennuväli) is a disused airfield in Estonia, located 13 km west of Kunda.	Rutja Airfield	Estonia
country	Impofu Dam is a combined rock-fill/earth-fill type dam located on the Kromme River, near Humansdorp, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Impofu Dam	South Africa
country	The Palace of la Bolsa de Madrid (Spanish: Palacio de la Bolsa de Madrid) is a building located in Madrid, Spain.	Palace of la Bolsa de Madrid	Spain
country	Neuseenland is an area south of Leipzig, Germany, where old open-cast mines are being converted into a huge lake district.	Neuseenland	Germany
country	Pomasqui Valley is a valley on the northern outskirts of Quito, Ecuador.	Pomasqui Valley	Ecuador
country	Rebun Airport (ICAO: RJCR) was a public aerodrome located at Rebun in the Hokkaidō Prefecture, Japan.	Rebun Airport	Japan
country	The Kudu gas field is an offshore gas field in Namibia approximately 170 kilometres (110 mi) north-west from the city of Oranjemund.	Kudu gas field	Namibia
country	The Shelling of Mainila (Finnish: Mainilan laukaukset) was a military incident on November 26, 1939, where the Soviet Union's Red Army shelled the Russian village of Mainila (located near Beloostrov), declared that the fire originated from Finland across the nearby border and claimed to have had losses in personnel.	Shelling of Mainila	Finland
country	The Great Papuan Plateau is a karst plateau in the Southern Highlands and Western Provinces of Papua New Guinea.	Great Papuan Plateau	Papua New Guinea
country	Skåne University Hospital (Swedish: Skånes universitetssjukhus, SUS) is a university hospital in Scania, Sweden.	Skåne University Hospital	Sweden
country	The Black Forest Open Air Museum (German: Schwarzwälder Freilichtmuseum Vogtsbauernhof) is an open-air museum in the Black Forest, Germany, located between Hausach and Gutach.	Black Forest Open Air Museum	Germany
country	Paygelan Rural District (Persian: دهستان پايگلان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Paygelan Rural District	Iran
country	Loulle is a commune in the Jura department in region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.	Loulle	France
country	Nonetheless, as a result of thoroughly internal educational assessment, Dimitrie Cantemir Christian University has been offered by ARACIS in 2010 the Certificate of High Trust Degree ``Grad de încredere ridicată'', the highest qualification awarded in Romania to a higher education institution.	Dimitrie Cantemir Christian University	Romania
country	Pongani is a village on the north coast of Papua New Guinea in Dyke Ackland Bay.	Pongani	Papua New Guinea
country	Uzyn (Ukrainian: Узин) is a city in Bila Tserkva Raion of Kiev Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Uzyn	Ukraine
country	Cascade Falls Regional Park is a regional park under the administration of the Fraser Valley Regional District in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia, Canada.	Cascade Falls Regional Park	Canada
country	Buenos Aires Park (Armenian: Բուենոս Այրեսի այգի (Buenos Ayresi aygi)) is a public park in the Ajapnyak District of Yerevan, Armenia.	Buenos Aires Park	Armenia
country	Nydri (Greek: Νυδρί) is a town and a community on the eastern coast of the island of Lefkada, Greece.	Nydri	Greece
country	The Jardin botanique Yves Rocher de La Gacilly, sometimes called simply the Jardin botanique de La Gacilly, is a botanical garden located at the Yves Rocher industrial site at La Croix des Archers, La Gacilly, Morbihan, Bretagne, France.	Jardin botanique Yves Rocher de La Gacilly	France
country	Following the Muslim conquest, the former bastion of Christianity in the east, Constantinople, was turned into the capital of the Ottoman Empire, under which it prospered and flourished again.	Constantinople	Ottoman Empire
country	Mali i Mesit is a mountain peak in the south of Albania and in the north of Greece.	Mali i Mesit	Albania	Greece
country	Chanchamayu (Quechua chanchay to walk and leap about, to walk quickly and confused, chancha chancha to walk quickly and irregularly, shancha a kind of bird, mayu river, hispaniciced spelling Chanchamayo) is a river in the Junín Region in Peru.	Chanchamayu	Peru
country	Caombo (or Cahombo) is a town and municipality in Malanje Province in Angola.	Caombo	Angola
country	The Serbian Museum of Corfu (Serbian: Српска кућа) is a museum in Corfu, Greece.	Serbian Museum of Corfu	Greece
country	The University of the East (Filipino: Pamantasan ng Silangan) also known as U.E, is a private university located in Manila, Philippines.	University of the East	Philippines
country	Głotowo (ɡwɔˈtɔvɔ) (German: Glottau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Głotowo	Poland
country	The Toronto Western Hospital (TWH) is a major research and teaching hospital in Toronto, Ontario Canada.	Toronto Western Hospital	Canada
country	Indus Valley School of Art and Architecture is a not-for-profit degree awarding institution in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Indus Valley School of Art and Architecture	Pakistan
country	The Darul Uloom Deoband (Hindi: दारुल उलूम देवबन्द, Urdu: دارالعلوم دیوبند‎, Arabic: الجامعة الإسلامية دار العلوم بديوبند‎) is the Darul uloom Islamic school in India where the Deobandi Islamic movement began.	Darul Uloom Deoband	India
country	The Château de Vallègue is a mediaeval castle in the commune of Vallègue in the Haute-Garonne département of France.	Château de Vallègue	France
country	Radio Paris was a French radio broadcasting company best known for its Axis propaganda broadcasts in Vichy France during World War II. Radio Paris evolved from the first private radio station in France, called Radiola, founded by pioneering French engineer Émile Girardeau in 1922.	Radio Paris	France
country	Bezuidenhouts Pass is a mountain pass located in the northern part of KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa on the road between Harrismith and Bergville.	Bezuidenhouts Pass	South Africa
country	Dolní Podluží (German Niedergrund) is a village and municipality (obec) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic (not to be confused with Niedergrund an der Elbe).	Dolní Podluží	Czech Republic
country	Capilla del Señor (Chapel of the Lord), is a city located 82 kilometres (51 mi) in the northern part of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Capilla del Señor	Argentina
country	Kaaskerke is a town in Diksmuide, a part of Belgium.	Kaaskerke	Belgium
country	Bäckaskog Castle (Swedish: Bäckaskog slott) in Kristianstad Municipality, Scania, southern Sweden, was originally a monastery built in the 13th century.	Bäckaskog Castle	Sweden
country	Xingan County (simplified Chinese: 新干县; traditional Chinese: 新淦縣; pinyin: Xīngàn Xiàn) is an administrative district of the province of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Xingan County	People's Republic of China
country	Mythimna (Greek: Μύθημνα, Δήμος Μυθήμνης) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Mythimna	Greece
country	Sast (Persian: سست‎) is a village in Ruin Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sast	Iran
country	Hougang Bus Depot is an SBS Transit West District bus depot located in Hougang, Singapore.	Hougang Bus Depot	Singapore
country	Dimapur Kalibari is a Hindu temple dedicated to the Goddess Kali in the town of Dimapur in Nagaland state of India.	Dimapur Kalibari	India
country	The Steenenhoek Canal (in Dutch : Kanaal van Steenenhoek) is a Dutch canal in southeastern Netherlands.	Steenenhoek Canal	Netherlands
country	Mollah-ye Tam (Persian: مله تم‎; also known as Mollā-ye Tam and Mollay Jom) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mollah-ye Tam	Iran
country	Haren Airport or Evere Airfield is a former military airfield and civil airport in Brussels, Belgium.	Haren Airport	Belgium
country	Tarbha (also known as Tarabha Oriya: ତରଭା, sometimes called ``Ulta Bharat'' (ଓଲଟା ଭାରତ) or Opposite India) is a Notified Area Council in Sonepur district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Tarbha	India
country	Taronik (Armenian: Տարոնիկ), formerly known as Zeyva Turkakan (Turkish Zeyva) and Verin Zeyva, is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Taronik	Armenia
country	Bistrica pri Tržiču (pronounced (ˈbiːstɾitsa pɾi təɾˈʒiːtʃu); German: Feistritz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bistrica pri Tržiču	Slovenia
country	Warwick HRI (formerly Horticulture Research International) was a United Kingdom organisation tasked with carrying out horticultural research and development and transferring the results to industry in England.	Warwick HRI	United Kingdom
country	Shekar Yazi (Persian: شكريازي‎, also Romanized Shekar Yāzī and Shakaryazī) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shekar Yazi	Iran
country	Deh-e Maryam (Persian: ده مريم‎) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Maryam	Iran
country	Sar Kamar Qareh Khun (Persian: سر كمر قره خون‎, also Romanized as Sar Kamar Qareh Khūn) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Kamar Qareh Khun	Iran
country	Subclub (formerly also known as U.Club and Účko) is an underground music club in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Subclub	Slovakia
country	Kutine (Serbian Cyrillic: Кутине) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kutine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jesenovo (pronounced (jɛsɛˈnɔːʋɔ) or (jɛsɛˈnoːʋɔ)) is a settlement north of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Jesenovo	Slovenia
country	The Asselstein is a rock pinnacle or tower near the village of Annweiler am Trifels in the Southern Palatinate in western Germany.	Asselstein	Germany
country	Ismantorp Fortress (Swedish: Ismantorps fornborg) is a ringfort located on Öland Island in Sweden constructed during the Migration Period.	Ismantorp Fortress	Sweden
country	The Clock Tower of Tirana (Albanian: Kulla e Sahatit), was built in Tirana, Albania in 1822 by Haxhi Et'hem Bey, a Bejtexhinj poet who also finished the building of the Et'hem Bey Mosque next to the clock tower.	Clock Tower of Tirana	Albania
country	Rudnik pri Radomljah (pronounced (ˈɾuːdnik pɾi ˈɾaːdɔmljax)) is a dispersed settlement of isolated small farms on the hills above Volčji Potok in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Rudnik pri Radomljah	Slovenia
country	Ailt an Chorráin or Ailt a' Chorráin (English name: Burtonport) is a Gaeltacht fishing village about 7 km northwest of Dungloe in The Rosses area of County Donegal, Ireland.	Burtonport	Ireland
country	Rangárþing ytra is a municipality located in southern Iceland.	Rangárþing ytra	Iceland
country	The South Schleswig Voters' Association (Danish: Sydslesvigsk Vælgerforening, German: Südschleswigscher Wählerverband, North Frisian: Söödschlaswiksche Wäälerferbånd) is a regional political party in Schleswig-Holstein in northern Germany.	South Schleswig Voters' Association	Germany
country	The Camp de Tir Olímpic de Mollet is a firing range located in Mollet del Vallès, Catalonia, Spain.	Camp de Tir Olímpic de Mollet	Spain
country	Neum (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (nɛ̌um), Cyrillic: Неум) is the only town to be situated along Bosnia and Herzegovina's 20 km (12 mi) of coastline, making it the country's only access to the Adriatic Sea.	Neum	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bregare (Bulgarian: Брегаре, ``riverside people'') is a village in central northern Bulgaria, part of Dolna Mitropoliya municipality, Pleven Province.	Bregare	Bulgaria
country	Sainte-Barbe Library (French: Bibliothèque Sainte-Barbe) is an inter-university library in Paris, France that opened in March 2009.	Sainte-Barbe Library	France
country	Mount Oku, or Kilum Mountain, is the largest volcano in the Oku Massif, in the Cameroon Volcanic Line, located in the Oku region of the Western High Plateau of Cameroon.	Mount Oku	Cameroon
country	The Kenosee Superslides is a water park in Moose Mountain Provincial Park, or Kenosee Lake in Canada.	Kenosee Superslides	Canada
country	Belotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Белотић) or Mačvanski Belotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мачвански Белотић) is a village in Serbia.	Belotić	Serbia
country	Hinthada Township (Burmese: ဟင်္သတမြို့နယ်) is a township of Hinthada District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar.	Hinthada Township	Myanmar
country	Kohuwala is a suburb in Colombo, Sri Lanka and is situated where the Colombo Piliyandala Road crosses Nugegoda Dehiwala Road.	Kohuwala	Sri Lanka
country	Białynin-Południe (bjaˈwɨnin pɔˈwudɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Białynin-Południe	Poland
country	Ahuntsic Park (French: Parc Ahuntsic) is an urban park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Ahuntsic Park	Canada
country	Medzilaborce District (okres Medzilaborce) is a district in the Prešov Region of northeastern Slovakia.	Medzilaborce District	Slovakia
country	Essingebron (Swedish: ``The Essinge Bridge'') are two parallel bridges in central Stockholm, Sweden, inaugurated August 21, 1966, and September 3, 1967.	Essingebron	Sweden
country	Charam Rural District (Persian: دهستان چرام‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Charam Rural District	Iran
country	Asahan River (Indonesian: Sungai Asahan) is a river in Sumatra, Indonesia, and is about 150 km long.	Asahan River	Indonesia
country	Nahr-e Abu Dahan (Persian: نهرابودهن‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Dahan) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Abu Dahan	Iran
country	Borgu (French: Borgou) is a region in north-west Nigeria and in the northern Republic of Benin.	Borgu	Nigeria
country	Associação Académica do Fogo is a football (soccer) club that currently plays in the Campeonato Nacional de Cabo Verde and in the Fogo Island League in Cape Verde.	Académica do Fogo	Cape Verde
country	Bagnolo di Po is a comune in the province of Rovigo, in Veneto, Italy.	Bagnolo di Po	Italy
country	Milnerton High School is a state school in the suburb of Milnerton in Cape Town, South Africa.	Milnerton High School	South Africa
country	Gabriel's Gully is a locality in Otago, New Zealand, three kilometres from Lawrence township and close to the Tuapeka River.	Gabriel's Gully	New Zealand
country	Pronie (ˈprɔɲɛ) (German Prohnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pronie	Poland
country	Guazacapán (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡwasakaˈpan)) is a town located in Santa Rosa Department in south-west Guatemala.	Guazacapán	Guatemala
country	Sherpi Kangri lies on or very near the Actual Ground Position Line between India and Pakistan.	Sherpi Kangri	India
country	Cristo de la Concordia (Christ of Peace) is a statue of Jesus Christ located atop San Pedro Hill, to the east of Cochabamba, Bolivia.	Cristo de la Concordia	Bolivia
country	Vecliepāja (Old Liepāja) is the largest and oldest district in Liepāja, Latvia.	Vecliepāja	Latvia
country	The Sukorambi Botanical Garden (Indonesian: Taman Botani Sukorambi) is a botanical garden in Sukorambi, Jember Regency, East Java, Indonesia.	Sukorambi Botanical Garden	Indonesia
country	Djebel Chélia (Arabic: جبل شيليا‎) is a mountain in Algeria.	Djebel Chélia	Algeria
country	Palazzo Cassoli is a historical building located in the centre of Reggio Emilia, central Italy.	Palazzo Cassoli	Italy
country	Makhdum Kandi (Persian: مخدوم كندي‎, also Romanized as Makhdūm Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Makhdum Kandi	Iran
country	The City of Port Lincoln is a local government area located on the southern tip of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia.	City of Port Lincoln	Australia
country	The Waitangi Treaty Monument, also known as the Te Tii memorial, is registered with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category I structure.	Waitangi Treaty Monument	New Zealand
country	Minamata Bay is a bay on the west coast of Kyūshū island, located in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.	Minamata Bay	Japan
country	Mírová pod Kozákovem is a village in Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Mírová pod Kozákovem	Czech Republic
country	Sant'Agrippino a Forcella is a church located on Via Forcella in Naples, Italy.	Sant'Agrippino a Forcella	Italy
country	Hedgimadra (Kannada: ) is a village in Thanagundi panchayat, Yadgir Taluka, Yadgir district, in Karnataka state, India.	Hedgimadra	India
country	Ismailia Governorate (Arabic: محافظة الإسماعيلية‎ Muḥāfaẓat al-ʾIsmāʿīliyyah, IPA: (moˈħɑfzˤet elʔesmæʕeˈlejjæ)) is one of the governorates of Egypt.	Ismailia Governorate	Egypt
country	The Ruins of Talamanca (Spanish: Ruinas de Talamanca) are an archaeological site located in Talamanca de Jarama, Spain.	Ruins of Talamanca	Spain
country	University of Oran (Arabic: جامعة وهران‎, French: Université d'Oran), or Es Sénia University (Arabic: جامعة السانية), is a university located in western Algeria in the wilaya of Oran.	University of Oran	Algeria
country	Ardón (Spanish pronunciation: (arˈðon)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Ardón	Spain
country	Gaspésie National Park (French: Parc national de la Gaspésie) is a provincial park located south of the town of Sainte-Anne-des-Monts, Quebec, Canada in the inland of the Gaspé peninsula.	Gaspésie National Park	Canada
country	The Kumeu River drains the northern Waitakere Ranges near Auckland, New Zealand, running past the town of Kumeu before merging into the Kaipara River.	Kumeu River	New Zealand
country	Kelston Boys' High School (``KBHS'') is an all-boys state secondary school in Kelston, a suburb in the Waitakere region of Auckland, New Zealand.	Kelston Boys' High School	New Zealand
country	The Tiara United Towers is a pair of two 61-floor towers in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Tiara United Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	KF Cargo (formerly Kelowna Flightcraft Air Charter) is a cargo airline based in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.	KF Cargo	Canada
country	Shir Aghush (Persian: شيراغوش‎, also Romanized as Shīr Āghūsh; also known as Shīr Āghūz) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shir Aghush	Iran
country	Wola Rudlicka (ˈvɔla rudˈlit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Rudlicka	Poland
country	Gustaf Vasa Church (Swedish: Gustaf Vasa kyrka) is a church located in the Vasastaden district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Gustaf Vasa Church	Sweden
country	The Melbourne Bowling Club, nicknamed the Demons, and affiliated with Bowls Victoria (BV), is the oldest lawn bowling club in Australia.	Melbourne Bowling Club	Australia
country	The Grotta di Matromania (or Mitromania or Matrimonio) is a large, natural cavern on the east coast of the island of Capri, Italy.	Grotta di Matromania	Italy
country	Keväjärvi is a village in the municipality of Inari 13 km northeast of Ivalo and south of Lake Inari along Road 969 leading to Nellim, which used to lead all the way to Pechenga, when it was part of Finland.	Keväjärvi	Finland
country	Vanato (Greek: Βανάτο) is a village in the municipal unit of Arkadioi on the island of Zakynthos, Greece.	Vanato	Greece
country	The Volksbühne (``People's Theatre'') is a theater in Berlin, Germany.	Volksbühne	Germany
country	Leśna Podlaska (ˈlɛɕna pɔdˈlaska) is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Leśna Podlaska	Poland
country	Karkliniai is a village in southwest Lithuania, Vilkaviškis district.	Karkliniai	Lithuania
country	Şimal is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şimal	Azerbaijan
country	Mission Institution is a medium security federal institution within the Correctional Service of Canada and is located in Mission, British Columbia.	Mission Institution	Canada
country	Cœur Défense is an office skyscraper in La Défense, the high-rise business district west of Paris, France.	Cœur Défense	France
country	Faya-Largeau (also known as Faya) is the largest city in northern Chad and was the capital of the region of Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti.	Faya-Largeau	Chad
country	Rębiszów (rɛmˈbiʂuf) (German: Rabishau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Rębiszów	Poland
country	Dolenje Sušice (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ suˈʃiːtsɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Dolenje Sušice	Slovenia
country	The Eromanga Basin is a large Mesozoic sedimentary basin in central and northern Australia.	Eromanga Basin	Australia
country	Cabanas de Torres (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐˈbɐnɐʃ dɨ ˈtoʁɨʃ)) is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Cabanas de Torres	Portugal
country	Kokoda is a station town in the Oro Province of Papua New Guinea.	Kokoda	Papua New Guinea
country	Ikanazu Dam (Japanese: 筏津ダム) is a dam in Kōchi Prefecture, Japan.	Ikanazu Dam	Japan
country	Gorgan Airport (Persian: فرودگاه گرگان‎‎) (IATA: GBT, ICAO: OING) is an international airport located in Gorgan, Iran.	Gorgan Airport	Iran
country	Kateh-ye Tak (Persian: كته تاك‎, also Romanized as Kateh-ye Tāḵ) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kateh-ye Tak	Iran
country	The Royal Jubilee Hospital is a 500-bed general hospital in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada located about 3 km (1.9 mi) east of the city centre, in the Jubilee neighbourhood (itself named after the hospital).	Royal Jubilee Hospital	Canada
country	The Klassik Stiftung Weimar is a member of the Konferenz Nationaler Kultureinrichtungen, a union of more than twenty cultural institutions in the former East Germany.	Klassik Stiftung Weimar	Germany
country	The Silvermine Mountains (Irish: Sliabh an Airgid) are a mountain range situated in County Tipperary (the foothills run into County Limerick) in Ireland.	Silvermine Mountains	Ireland
country	Hošnica (pronounced (ˈxoːʃnitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Hošnica	Slovenia
country	Advertised in 1918 as the largest aircraft company in the world, Airco established the first airline in the United Kingdom, Aircraft Transport and Travel Limited, as a subsidiary.	Airco	United Kingdom
country	The Samundra Institute of Maritime Studies (Hindi: समुन्द्र इंस्टिट्यूट ऑफ़ मेरीटाइम स्टडिज़) is one of India's advanced centres of marine engineering (marine propulsion) and navigation.	Samundra Institute of Maritime Studies	India
country	Preiļi Palace (Latvian: Preiļu pils, Polish: Pałac w Prelach) is a palace near the town of Preiļi in the historical region of Latgale, in eastern Latvia.	Preiļi Palace	Latvia
country	Estádio Municipal Juscelino Kubitschek, usually known as Estádio JK, is a multi-use stadium in Itumbiara, Goiás, Brazil.	Estádio JK	Brazil
country	The Alte Kommandantur is a building in the historic center of Berlin, which had been heavily damaged during World War II and destroyed in order to make room for the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of East Germany.	Alte Kommandantur	Germany
country	Khesht (Persian: خشت‎, also known as Khisht) is a city in and the capital of Khesht District, in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khesht	Iran
country	Újsolt is a mainly agricultural village in Bács-Kiskun county, Hungary with 186 inhabitants.	Újsolt	Hungary
country	Kleive Church (Norwegian: Kleive kyrkje) is a parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kleive Church	Norway
country	The Ak-Baital Pass is a mountain pass in the Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan.	Ak-Baital Pass	Tajikistan
country	According to David Lammy MP, Tottenham has the highest unemployment rate in London and the 8th highest in the United Kingdom, and it has some of the highest poverty rates within the country.	Tottenham	United Kingdom
country	Nkawkaw (meaning ``the red, red'') is a town in south Ghana and is the capital of Kwahu West Municipal District, a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana.	Nkawkaw	Ghana
country	The Popular Democrats (Democratici Popolari, DP) was a Christian-leftist Italian political party active in the Aosta Valley of Italy.	Popular Democrats	Italy
country	Göylərdağ (also, Göylər Dağ, Geoglyar, Geoglyar-Dag, and Gëylyar Dag) is a village in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Göylərdağ	Azerbaijan
country	Ambrož pod Krvavcem (pronounced (amˈbɾoːʃ pɔt kəɾˈʋaːu̯tsɛm); German: Sankt Ambrosi) is a high-elevation village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ambrož pod Krvavcem	Slovenia
country	La Bottine Souriante is a folk band from Quebec, Canada specialising in traditional French Canadian folk music, often with a modern twist.	La Bottine Souriante	Canada
country	Jaszczerek (jaʂˈt͡ʂɛrɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jaszczerek	Poland
country	Audun-le-Tiche (German: Deutsch-Oth, Luxembourgish: Däitsch-Oth) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Audun-le-Tiche	France
country	The Tierpark Dählhölzli, or Dählhölzli Zoo, is the public zoo in Bern, Switzerland.	Tierpark Dählhölzli	Switzerland
country	Upleta is a city and municipality in the Rajkot district of the state of Gujarat, India.	Upleta	India
country	Orešje nad Sevnico (pronounced (ɔˈɾeːʃjɛ nat ˈseːu̯nitsɔ)) is a settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Orešje nad Sevnico	Slovenia
country	Bukalo is a village in the Zambezi region of north-eastern Namibia.	Bukalo	Namibia
country	Dhamasa is a small town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.	Dhamasa	Somalia
country	Old Collegians Rugby Club, also known as Old Coll's are a rugby union club in Adelaide, South Australia.	Old Collegians Rugby Club	Australia
country	Until January 2006, Umutara Province was one of the 12 provinces (intara) of Rwanda.	Umutara Province	Rwanda
country	Kilo-Moto is a region in the far northeast corner of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) where gold was discovered in the Ituri River by government prospectors in 1903.	Kilo-Moto	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Bạc Liêu ( listen) City is a provincial city and capital of the Bạc Liêu Province in the Mekong Delta region in southern Vietnam.	Bạc Liêu	Vietnam
country	Chalosse is a wine-growing area in Gascony, in south-west France.	Chalosse	France
country	Calgary Tool Library (CTL) is a tool lending public library system based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Tool Library	Canada
country	Mount Kazbek (Georgian: ყაზბეგის მყინვარწვერი (Kazbegis Mkinvartsveri)), is a dormant stratovolcano and one of the major mountains of the Caucasus located in the Kazbegi District of Georgia and North Ossetia (Russia).	Mount Kazbek	Georgia
country	Hurlstone Agricultural High School (abbreviated HAHS) is an agricultural, selective, co-educational, public high school located in Glenfield, a south-western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Hurlstone Agricultural High School	Australia
country	Chambolle-Musigny is a commune in the Côte-d'Or département in eastern France.	Chambolle-Musigny	France
country	Bavaria Solarpark, is a group of three photovoltaic power stations in different locations in Germany.	Bavaria Solarpark	Germany
country	The Bank of San Fernando (Spanish: Banco de San Fernando or Banco Español de San Fernando) was a financial institution created in Spain in 1829 at the initiative of Finance Minister Luis López Ballesteros, replacing the old Bank of San Carlos.	Bank of San Fernando	Spain
country	Mostec (pronounced (ˈmoːstəts)) is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Mostec	Slovenia
country	The Drechtsteden (Dutch for ``Drecht cities'') are a number of towns and cities bordering each other in the delta area of the rivers Oude Maas, Noord, and Beneden-Merwede in the province of South Holland, Netherlands.	Drechtsteden	Netherlands
country	The Bussen is a mountain in southern Germany, in the region of Upper Swabia, with an elevation of 787 metres (approximately 2582 ft).	Bussen	Germany
country	Bửu Phong Temple (Chùa Bửu Phong) is a historic 17th century Buddhist temple in Đồng Nai Province in southern Vietnam, north of Ho Chi Minh City.	Bửu Phong Temple	Vietnam
country	The Taronga Conservation Society is a Government of New South Wales agency responsible for Taronga Zoo and the Taronga Western Plains Zoo in New South Wales, Australia.	Taronga Conservation Society	Australia
country	Promenade MRT Station (CC4/DT15) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station in Singapore, located along Temasek Avenue, near the Millennia Walk shopping mall.	Promenade MRT Station	Singapore
country	Dąbniak (ˈdɔmbɲak) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dąbniak	Poland
country	The Fleckner or Flecknerspitze is a peak of the Stubai Alps mountain range in South Tyrol, Italy.	Fleckner	Italy
country	Darlington Point is a small town on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in the Riverina district of western New South Wales, Australia.	Darlington Point	Australia
country	Əlinağılar (also, Alinagylar) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əlinağılar	Azerbaijan
country	The Guadaíra is a river that runs through the province of Seville, in Andalusia, southern Spain.	Guadaíra	Spain
country	Mit Ghamr (Egyptian Arabic: ميت غمر, IPA: (ˈmiːt ˈɣɑmɾ)) is an Egyptian center producing aluminium accounting for more than 70% of Egypt's total production, especially aluminum utensils.	Mit Ghamr	Egypt
country	Thumpamon is a village near Pandalam(5km Approx) in Kerala, India.	Thumpamon	India
country	Tsghuni (Armenian: Ցղունի, formerly Murkhuz) is a village in the rural community of Nzhdeh in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Tsghuni	Armenia
country	Grande Rivière du Nord is a small coastal river that has its mouth in the Atlantic Ocean located in the Nord Department of Haiti.	Grande Rivière du Nord	Haiti
country	Arıqdam (also, Arıxdam, Arygdam, and Arykhdam) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Arıqdam	Azerbaijan
country	Grmeč (Cyrillic: Грмеч) is a mountain in north-western Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grmeč	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Brač Airport was opened on 22 May 1993, making it Croatia's youngest airport.	Brač Airport	Croatia
country	Kuchaluy-e Sofla (Persian: كوچلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūchalūy-e Soflá; also known as Kachū-ye Pā'īn and Kachū-ye Soflá) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuchaluy-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bid Akhvid (Persian: بيداخويد‎, also Romanized as Bīd Ākhvīd, Bīd Akhavīd, Bīdākhavīd, and Bīd Okhvīd; also known as Bīd Okhābīt and Bīda Khābīt) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bid Akhvid	Iran
country	The 2013 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen, Netherlands from 29 to 30 December 2012.	2013 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships	Netherlands
country	Wola Kutowa (ˈvɔla kuˈtɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Kutowa	Poland
country	Lake Fidler is a meromictic lake beside the Gordon River in the Wilderness World Heritage area of the west coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Lake Fidler	Australia
country	Cascata da Ribeira Grande is a waterfall in Fajãzinha in the Azores of Portugal.	Cascata da Ribeira Grande	Portugal
country	Serpentine Road, officially Daroga Prasad Rai Path, is major thoroughfare, which runs through the upscale part of Western Patna in India.	Serpentine Road	India
country	The Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park is a provincial park in the Charlevoix region of Quebec, Canada.	Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park	Canada
country	Cook Park is a multi-use venue in the suburb of St Marys in Sydney, Australia.	Cook Park	Australia
country	Timbun Mata Island (or Pulau Timbun Mata) is the largest island on the south side of Darvel Bay, in Semporna, Sabah, Malaysia.	Timbun Mata	Malaysia
country	The Manly Fun Pier (or Manly Amusement Pier) was a small amusement park located on a wharf in Manly, New South Wales, Australia.	Manly Fun Pier	Australia
country	PSG College of Technology is an autonomous, government aided, private engineering college in Coimbatore, India.	PSG College of Technology	India
country	Maringma-tepui, also written Mount Maringma and historically known as Mount Marima, is a small tepui of the Pacaraima Mountains in Cuyuni-Mazaruni, Guyana.	Maringma-tepui	Guyana
country	Agwara (or Agwarra) is a Local Government Area in Niger State, Nigeria.	Agwara	Nigeria
country	Shasheh (Persian: ششه‎‎; also known as Sasheh and Shasha) is a village in Nanur Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shasheh	Iran
country	Bruce Vale is a village in the parish of Saint Andrew in Barbados.	Bruce Vale	Barbados
country	Kammapatti is a village in the Virudhunagar district in India.	Kammapatti	India
country	Qatar-e Olya (Persian: قطارعليا‎, also Romanized as Qaţār-e ``Olyā; also known as Qaţār Qayah) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 145, in 28 families.	Qatar-e Olya	Iran
country	Österängen Church (Swedish: Österängskyrkan) is a church building at Österängen in Jönköping in Sweden.	Österängen Church	Sweden
country	Dareh Lak (Persian: داره لك‎, also Romanized as Dāreh Lak; also known as Darreh Lak and Dārlak) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dareh Lak	Iran
country	Delhi Public School, Bilaspur aka DPS Bilaspur (est: 2004) is a co-educational ISO 9000:2001 certified boarding school in Tifra, Bilaspur, in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Delhi Public School, Bilaspur	India
country	The Emerald Buddha (Thai: -- Phra Kaeo Morakot, or Phra Phuttha Maha Mani Rattana Patimakon) is considered the palladium of the Kingdom of Thailand.	Emerald Buddha	Thailand
country	Krekenava (Polish: Krakinów) is a town (population 2,003) in Panevėžys district municipality in northern Lithuania, on the bank of Nevėžis.	Krekenava	Lithuania
country	The Publicly Owned Operation (German: Volkseigener Betrieb; abbreviated VEB) was the main legal form of industrial enterprise in East Germany.	Volkseigener Betrieb	East Germany
country	The Jardin botanique de la Perrine is a botanical garden located along the River Mayenne on the Allée Adrien-Bruneau, Laval, Mayenne, Pays de la Loire, France.	Jardin botanique de la Perrine	France
country	Panngi (from Sa pan ngi ``under the native almond tree'') is a large village in south-western Pentecost Island, Vanuatu.	Panngi	Vanuatu
country	The Sagnes de la Godivelle National Nature Reserve is a natural reserve located in La Godivelle, France.	Sagnes de la Godivelle National Nature Reserve	France
country	Pearl Bank Apartments (Chinese: 珍珠苑; pinyin: Zhēnzhū yuàn) is a high-rise private residential building on Pearl's Hill in Outram, near the Chinatown of Singapore.	Pearl Bank Apartments	Singapore
country	Qassiarsuk is a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality, in southern Greenland.	Qassiarsuk	Greenland
country	Lille Airport (French: Aéroport de Lille) (IATA: LIL, ICAO: LFQQ) is an airport located in Lesquin, 7 km (4 mi) south-southeast of Lille, a city in northern France.	Lille Airport	France
country	Batasuna (English: Unity) was a Basque nationalist political party based mainly in Spain that was banned in 2003, after a strongly contested court ruling declared proven that the party was financing ETA with public money.	Batasuna	Spain
country	Sırt Yenigicə (also, Çırt-Yengica, Syrt Yengidzha, and Syrt-Yenidzhe) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sırt Yenigicə	Azerbaijan
country	Pržan (pronounced (pəɾˈʒaːn), sometimes Pržanj, in older sources also Peržanj or Peržan; German: Preschgain) is a former settlement in central Slovenia in the northwest part of the capital Ljubljana.	Pržan	Slovenia
country	Île d'Yeu Aerodrome or Aérodrome d'Ile d'Yeu - Grand Phare (IATA: IDY, ICAO: LFEY) is an airport located 3.5 km east of Port-Joinville on the island of Île d'Yeu, a commune of the Vendée département in the Pays de la Loire région of France.	Île d'Yeu Aerodrome	France
country	Kuštilj (Serbian Cyrillic: Куштиљ, Romanian: Coștei) is a village in Serbia.	Kuštilj	Serbia
country	The Masood Jhandir Research Library (مسعود جھنڈیر ریسرچ لایبریری) is the largest private library of Pakistan situated at a small village Sardar Pur Jhandir in the Mailsi Tehsil, Vehari District.	Masood Jhandir Research Library	Pakistan
country	Hodice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦoɟɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Hodice	Czech Republic
country	Muarabulian is the capital of Batang Hari Regency in the Jambi Province of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Muarabulian	Indonesia
country	Chinchaga Airport, (TC LID: CED2), was an airport located near to Chinchaga, Alberta, Canada.	Chinchaga Airport	Canada
country	Sheppard Avenue is an east-west principal arterial road in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Sheppard Avenue	Canada
country	Hura, or Houra (Hebrew: חוּרָה, חוּרָא, Arabic: حورة‎) is a Bedouin village in the South District of Israel.	Hura	Israel
country	Torokina is a coastal village on Bougainville Island, in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, eastern Papua New Guinea.	Torokina	Papua New Guinea
country	Nowdijeh (Persian: نوديجه‎, also Romanized as Nowdījeh) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Nowdijeh	Iran
country	The Kotuy River (Russian: Котуй) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Kotuy River	Russia
country	Hejran Dust (Persian: هجران دوست‎, also Romanized as Hejrān Dūst) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hejran Dust	Iran
country	The Los Arquillos (Spanish: Los Arquillos) is a monument located in Vitoria, Spain.	Los Arquillos	Spain
country	IFK Norrköping also maintains departments for women's football, set up in 2009, orienteering, bowling and the in Sweden and a few other Nordic countries very popular sport of bandy.	IFK Norrköping	Sweden
country	Tresfjord is former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Tresfjord	Norway
country	Podkočna (pronounced (pɔˈtkoːtʃna)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podkočna	Slovenia
country	Mutual railway station is a Metrorail commuter rail station located between the suburbs of Maitland and Pinelands in Cape Town, South Africa.	Mutual railway station	South Africa
country	Karcsa is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary, which dates back to the time of the Hungarian settlement (late 9th century).	Karcsa	Hungary
country	MS Fram is a passenger vessel operated by the Norway-based Hurtigruten Group.	MS Fram	Norway
country	Buravet (also, Persi) is a town in Aragatsotn (province) of Armenia.	Buravet	Armenia
country	Homs District (Arabic: منطقة حمص, translit.: manṭiqat Ḥimṣ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria.	Homs District	Syria
country	Thiene is a city and comune in the province of Vicenza, in northern Italy, located approximately 75 kilometres (47 mi) west of Venice and 200 kilometres (120 mi) east of Milan.	Thiene	Italy
country	Boipatong is a township near Vanderbijlpark, Gauteng, South Africa.	Boipatong	South Africa
country	The Redl-Zipf V-2 rocket facility (code name Schlier) in central Austria between Vöcklabruck and Vöcklamarkt was for V-2 rocket motor testing after Raxwerke test equipment had been moved from Friedrichshafen.	Redl-Zipf	Austria
country	Chaukhamba Mosque (Urdu: چوکھمبا مسجد‎) is a 14th-century mosque in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Chaukhamba Mosque	India
country	Ouvrage Soetrich is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line in northeastern France.	Ouvrage Soetrich	France
country	Avgorou (Greek: Αυγόρου (locally (afˈkoɾu))) is a village in southwestern Famagusta District, Cyprus.	Avgorou	Cyprus
country	Santa Rosa del Mbutuy is a town and distrito in the Caaguazú department of Paraguay that is best described as the 'Cruce del Mbutuy' by residents of the Santa Rosa District, where it is located, because of the intersection of two major roads that the town is built around.	Mbutuy	Paraguay
country	Kounoupitsa (Greek: Κουνουπίτσα) is a village and a community in the northern end of the Methana peninsula, northeastern Peloponnese, Greece.	Kounoupitsa	Greece
country	Landesbank Baden-Württemberg (LBBW) is a parent company of three commercial banks and the Landesbank for some Federal States of Germany.	Landesbank Baden-Württemberg	Germany
country	Belo Horizonte Metro (Portuguese: Metrô de Belo Horizonte) is a metro system serving the city of Belo Horizonte, in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Belo Horizonte Metro	Brazil
country	Uttara University (Bengali: উত্তরা বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) or UU is a private university at Uttara, in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Uttara University	Bangladesh
country	Karmelyukove Podillya is a national park in the Trostyanets and Chechelnyk districts of the Ukraine's Vinnytsya region.	Karmelyukove Podillya	Ukraine
country	Pouerua is a 270 m high basaltic scoria cone, in the Kaikohe-Bay of Islands volcanic field in New Zealand.	Pouerua	New Zealand
country	Sihlbrugg is a village and important transportation node between the cantons of Zug (ZG) and Zürich (ZH) in Switzerland.	Sihlbrugg	Switzerland
country	Swedish national road 13 (Swedish: Riksväg 13), is a Swedish national road in Skåne in southern Sweden between Ystad and Ängelholm, through Höör and Klippan.	Swedish national road 13	Sweden
country	The Raguba field is an oil field located in the central part of Libya's Sirte Basin in Concession 20.	Raguba field	Libya
country	Fort Vrmac (Montenegrin: Tvrđava Vrmac/Тврђава Врмац, German: Werk Vermac) is a former fortification of the Austro-Hungarian Empire located on the southern end of the Vrmac ridge near Kotor in Montenegro.	Fort Vrmac	Montenegro
country	The Zillergründl Dam is an arch dam on the Ziller River in the upper Ziller Valley of Tyrol state, Austria.	Zillergründl Dam	Austria
country	Wola Filipowska (ˈvɔla filiˈpɔfska) is a village in Poland in Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship.	Wola Filipowska	Poland
country	Złoty Stok (ˈzwɔtɨ ˈstɔk) (German: Reichenstein, Czech: Rychleby) is a town in Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Złoty Stok	Poland
country	Dolenji Vrh (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji ˈʋəɾx)) is a small settlement in the hills south of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenji Vrh	Slovenia
country	Słopnice (swɔpˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Słopnice	Poland
country	Öhe is an island in the Baltic Sea off the ferry port of Schaprode on Rügen, itself the largest island in Germany.	Öhe	Germany
country	Plouguenast (Breton: Plougonwaz, Gallo: Ploegenas) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plouguenast	France
country	Acozac (Ixtapaluca) is an archaeological site located in the Municipality of Ixtapaluca, State of Mexico, Mexico.	Acozac	Mexico
country	Jalan Kempas Lama (Johor state road ) is a major roads in Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.	Jalan Kempas Lama	Malaysia
country	The National Reconstruction Front (Front pour la Reconstruction Nationale, FRN) is a political party in Haiti.	National Reconstruction Front	Haiti
country	Fornebu (local form Fornebo) is a peninsular area in the suburban municipality of Bærum in Norway, bordering western parts of Oslo.	Fornebu	Norway
country	Chalak Sar (Persian: چالكسر‎, also Romanized as Chālak Sar and Chāleksar) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chalak Sar	Iran
country	Wadern is a municipality in the German federal state Saarland which is situated in the southwest of Germany.	Wadern	Germany
country	Zumelle Castle is a castle near the village of Tiago in the municipality of Mel, province of Belluno, northern-eastern Italy.	Zumelle Castle	Italy
country	Hotel Bristol, Warsaw is a historic luxury hotel opened in 1901 located on Krakowskie Przedmieście in Poland's capital, Warsaw.	Hotel Bristol, Warsaw	Poland
country	Łagowo (waˈɡɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łagowo	Poland
country	The Aquaforte post office's postal code, A0A 1A0, is the lowest (alphabetically and numerically first) of any central office in Canada.	Aquaforte	Canada
country	Nariz is a former civil parish located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Nariz	Portugal
country	Mado Gashi (also Modogashe) is a small remote town in Kenya.	Mado Gashi	Kenya
country	Lepreo (Greek: Λέπρεο, before 1916: Στροβίτζι - Strovitzi) is a village in the municipality of Zacharo, Elis, Greece.	Lepreo	Greece
country	The Braga Pedagogical Farm, is an educational and environmental farm located in Braga, Portugal.	Braga Pedagogical Farm	Portugal
country	Aachen Schanz station is a railway station in Aachen, Germany on the railway line Aachen--	Aachen Schanz station	Germany
country	The Dzanga-Sangha Special Reserve (also known as Dzanga-Sangha Forest Reserve, or Dzanga-Sangha Forest Special Reserve, or Dzanga-Sangha Special Forest Reserve) is a protected reserve of southwestern Central African Republic.	Dzanga-Sangha Special Reserve	Central African Republic
country	Oulu International School (OIS) is a public, not-for-profit, co-educational international school in the Myllytulli neighbourhood in Oulu, Finland.	Oulu International School	Finland
country	The Zitter Forest is one of the last habitats of the wildcat in Germany.	Zitter Forest	Germany
country	The Peñitas Dam, also known as Ángel Albino Corzo, is a dam with a hydro-electric power station on the river Rio Grijalva, 83 km south west of the city of Villahermosa, lying in the municipality of Ostuacán in the state of Chiapas in southern Mexico.	Peñitas Dam	Mexico
country	Schraplau is a town in the Verbandsgemeinde Weida-Land, part of the district of Saalekreis, in the State of Sachsen-Anhalt, Germany.	Schraplau	Germany
country	Alcoutim (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɫkowˈtĩ)) is a town and a municipality in southeastern Portugal near the border with Spain.	Alcoutim	Portugal
country	Łany Średnie (ˈwanɨ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łany Średnie	Poland
country	Planai is a ski area in central Austria, the main mountain in the Schladming area in Styria.	Planai	Austria
country	Raychikhinsk (Russian: Райчи́хинск) is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia, located in the Zeya--	Raychikhinsk	Russia
country	Davos Platz (Platz is German for place) is the south-western part of the village of Davos, situated in eastern Switzerland at 1,558 metres (5,112 ft) above sea-level, in a valley of the East Grisons.	Davos Platz	Switzerland
country	Ilias Lalaounis Jewelry Museum is a museum in Athens, Greece, created by the renowned Greek jewellery designer Ilias Lalaounis.	Ilias Lalaounis Jewelry Museum	Greece
country	Vadakshivale is a village in Kolhapur district, Maharashtra, India.	Vadakshivale	India
country	Mantare is one of 18 wards of the Kwimba District of the Mwanza Region in Tanzania.	Mantare	Tanzania
country	Pieszcz (pjɛʂt͡ʂ) (formerly German Peest) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pieszcz	Poland
country	Brooking, Saskatchewan was once a community in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.	Brooking, Saskatchewan	Canada
country	Józefów nad Wisłą (juˈzɛfuf ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃) is a village in Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Józefów nad Wisłą	Poland
country	Qareh Pachanlu (Persian: قره پاچانلو‎, also Romanized as Qāreh Pāchānlū; also known as Shāhūnī and Shāh Valī) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Pachanlu	Iran
country	Vasse Felix was the first vineyard and winery to be established in the Margaret River wine region of Western Australia.	Vasse Felix	Australia
country	Gifhorn Castle (German: Schloss Gifhorn) is a castle in Gifhorn, Germany, built between 1525 and 1581 in the Weser Renaissance style.	Gifhorn Castle	Germany
country	Kiewit Airfield (ICAO: EBZH) is a recreational airfield located near Hasselt, Limburg, Belgium.	Kiewit Airfield	Belgium
country	Mauerbach is a town on the western boundary of Vienna, Austria.	Mauerbach	Austria
country	The San Raffaele Hospital (also Istituto scientifico universitario San Raffaele or ospedale San Raffaele, HSR or OSR) is a university hospital situated in Segrate, the Province of Milan, Italy.	San Raffaele Hospital	Italy
country	Sauveterre-de-Béarn is a pretty medieval village perched above the Gave d'Oloron and facing the Pyrennes in south-western France.	Sauveterre-de-Béarn	France
country	The North Bondi Surf Life Saving Club is a foundation member of the surf lifesaving movement in Australia.	North Bondi Surf Life Saving Club	Australia
country	Aşağı Seyidəhmədli (also, Ashaga Seyd-Akhmedly and Ashagy Seidakhmedli) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Seyidəhmədli	Azerbaijan
country	Jayrem Records is a New Zealand record company which has been operating since the early 1980s.	Jayrem Records	New Zealand
country	Tall-e Mishan (Persian: تلميشان‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Mīshān) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tall-e Mishan	Iran
country	Neuhofen im Innkreis is a municipality in Upper Austria in the district of Ried im Innkreis.	Neuhofen im Innkreis	Austria
country	Iga Vas (pronounced (ˈiːɡa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Iga vas) is a settlement south of Stari Trg in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Iga Vas	Slovenia
country	Phichit is a town (thesaban mueang) in northern Thailand, capital of Phichit Province.	Phichit	Thailand
country	Agios Germanos, (Greek: Άγιος Γερμανός, meaning Saint Germanus; Macedonian Slavic Герман, German) is a village in the Prespes Municipality in West Macedonia, Greece.	Agios Germanos	Greece
country	The Old Stanley Police Station (Chinese: 舊赤柱警署) was a police station constructed in 1859 in Stanley, Hong Kong Island.	Old Stanley Police Station	Hong Kong
country	Hua Ro (Thai: หัวรอ) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Hua Ro	Thailand
country	Mushroom Studios was a music recording facility located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada with a long history in Canadian music.	Mushroom Studios	Canada
country	San Carlos de Bolívar (or simply Bolívar) is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	San Carlos de Bolívar	Argentina
country	Gothenburg Central Station (Swedish: Göteborgs centralstation, Göteborg C) is the main railway station of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Gothenburg Central Station	Sweden
country	The Stoomtram Walcheren was a 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) gauge steam tram that operated between Vlissingen and Domburg in the Netherlands, with a branch line from Koudekerke - where the depot was - to Middelburg.	Stoomtram Walcheren	Netherlands
country	Užice City Stadium (Serbian: Градски стадион Ужице, Gradski stadion Užice), also called Begluk, is a multi-purpose stadium in Užice, Serbia.	Užice City Stadium	Serbia
country	The Kulpawn River is one of the major rivers of northwestern Ghana, along with the Black Volta and Sisili Rivers.	Kulpawn River	Ghana
country	Kelanoa is a town on the north coast of Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea.	Kelanoa	Papua New Guinea
country	Ulović (Serbian: Уловић) is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ulović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kalenow-e Olya (Persian: كلنوعليا‎, also Romanized as Kalenow-ye ``Olyā; also known as Kalenow-ye Bālā) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 666, in 167 families.	Kalenow-e Olya	Iran
country	Viodo (variant: San Bartolomé de Viodo) is one of thirteen parishes (administrative divisions) in the Gozón municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Viodo	Spain
country	The Krishnapuram Palace is a palace and museum located in Kayamkulam near Alappuzha in Alappuzha district, Kerala in southwestern India.	Krishnapuram Palace	India
country	The Grand Golf Club is a privately--owned and membership--based golf club located in the suburb of Gilston in the Gold Coast hinterland of South East Queensland, Australia.	The Grand Golf Club	Australia
country	Canvastown is a locality at the point where the Wakamarina River joins the Pelorus River, in Marlborough, New Zealand.	Canvastown	New Zealand
country	Imeľ (Hungarian: Ímely, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈiːmɛj)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of southwest Slovakia.	Imeľ	Slovakia
country	Isalu (Persian: عيسي لو‎, also Romanized as ``Īsālū) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 21 families.	Isalu	Iran
country	Młyny Piekarskie (ˈmwɨnɨ pjɛˈkarskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Młyny Piekarskie	Poland
country	Ringkjøbing Gymnasium is a small gymnasium (secondary school) in the town of Ringkøbing, Denmark.	Ringkjøbing Gymnasium	Denmark
country	Napasoq (old spelling: Napassoq/Napâssoq) is an island settlement in the Qeqqata municipality, in central-western Greenland.	Napasoq	Greenland
country	Donegal Castle (Irish: Caisleán Dhún na nGall) is a castle situated in the centre of Donegal town, County Donegal in the northwest of Ireland.	Donegal Castle	Ireland
country	Cheshmeh Dara (Persian: چشمه دارا‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dārā; also known as Sharif ʿAlī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Dara	Iran
country	The Chelsea Sugar Refinery, also known colloquially as ``Chelsea'' and the ``sugar works'', is a long-established business and landmark in Birkenhead, New Zealand, located on the northern shore of Auckland's Waitemata Harbour.	Chelsea Sugar Refinery	New Zealand
country	Skarbki (ˈskarpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skarbki	Poland
country	Gadaka is a town in Yobe State, Nigeria located at latitude 11°18′N and longitude 11°22′E, with a population of about 60,000 people.	Gadaka	Nigeria
country	The Iron County MRA is a Multiple Resource Area addition to the National Register of Historic Places, which includes 72 separate structures and historic districts within Iron County, Michigan, United States of America.	Iron County MRA	United States of America
country	Baş Küngüt (also, Bash-Kyungyut) is a village and municipality in the Shaki district of Azerbaijan.	Baş Küngüt	Azerbaijan
country	Kudassanad is a rural community in the State of Kerala in India.	Kudassanad	India
country	G.I. Nevelskoi Maritime State University (Russian: Морско́й госуда́рственный университе́т и́мени адмира́ла Г.И. Невельско́го) is the first Maritime University in Russia to prepare specialists necessary for maritime transport systems in the spheres of natural science, the humanities, technical and marine conventional trends.	Maritime State University	Russia
country	Redeye Empire is a rock-reggae band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and is prominent in the rock-reggae scene in Vancouver and Whistler, British Columbia.	Redeye Empire	Canada
country	Kalandra is a small town on Kassandra, the westernmost peninsula of Chalkidiki, Greece.	Kalandra	Greece
country	Bankə (also, Bank, Banka, Bankov, Imeni Kirova, Rybokombinat Imeni Kirova, Severo-Vostochnyy Bank, and Severo-Vostotchnyi Bank) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Neftçala, in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bankə	Azerbaijan
country	Château de La Motte-Tilly is a castle located in the La Motte-Tilly, 7 kilometers south-west of Nogent-sur-Seine, Champagne-Ardenne, France.	Château de La Motte-Tilly	France
country	Castillo de Vélez-Blanco is located in the municipality of Vélez-Blanco, province of Almería, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Castillo de Vélez-Blanco	Spain
country	Villarrica National Park is located in the Andes, in the La Araucanía and Los Ríos regions of Chile, near Pucón.	Villarrica National Park	Chile
country	Kulmbach is the capital of the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.	Kulmbach	Germany
country	Battle Hill Farm Forest Park is a Wellington Regional park near Paekakariki, New Zealand.	Battle Hill Farm Forest Park	New Zealand
country	Seyidan (also, Seydan) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Seyidan	Azerbaijan
country	Cambridge School Srinivaspuri is a reputed senior secondary school located in the heart of South Delhi, India.	Cambridge School Srinivaspuri	India
country	Wólka Rokicka (ˈvulka rɔˈkit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Rokicka	Poland
country	Parsati (Persian: پرستي‎, also Romanized as Parsatī) is a village in Negar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Parsati	Iran
country	Angastina(Greek: Αγκαστίνα, Turkish: Aslanköy) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located around 20 km east of Nicosia, on the main road to Famagusta.	Angastina	Cyprus
country	Cobasna (Romanian; Ukrainian: Колбасна; Russian: Колбасна, Kolbasna) is a commune situated in northern Transnistria, Moldova, composed of three villages:	Cobasna	Moldova
country	Bint Jbeil (Arabic: بنت جبيل‎) is the second largest town in the Nabatiye Governorate in Southern Lebanon.	Bint Jbeil	Lebanon
country	Zschopau (German pronunciation: (ˈtʃoːpaʊ)), is a town in the Erzgebirgskreis district of Saxony, Germany.	Zschopau	Germany
country	Alpine skiing at the 1972 Winter Olympics consisted of six events, held near Sapporo, Japan, from February 5--13, 1972.	Alpine skiing at the 1972 Winter Olympics	Japan
country	Dongchon Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Geomsa-dong, Dong District, Daegu, South Korea.	Dongchon Station	South Korea
country	Virargues is a commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne Region in south-central France.	Virargues	France
country	The Nelson Falls, a cascade waterfall, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Tasmanian Wilderness, in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.	Nelson Falls	Australia
country	Drangajökull is the northernmost glacier of Iceland.	Drangajökull	Iceland
country	CHOT-DT is a French language television station serving as an affiliate of TVA in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada, and also serves Franco-Ontarians in the neighbouring city of Ottawa, Ontario.	CHOT-DT	Canada
country	Mount Ibu (Indonesian: Gunung Ibu) is a stratovolcano located at the northwest coast of Halmahera island, Indonesia.	Mount Ibu	Indonesia
country	Rudensk (Belarusian: Рудзенск, Rudzensk - Russian: Руденск) is a municipality and urban-type settlement in Belarus, located in the Minsk Region.	Rudensk	Belarus
country	The Hellenic Navy (HN) (Greek: Πολεμικό Ναυτικό, Polemikó Naftikó, abbreviated ΠΝ) is the naval force of Greece, part of the Greek Armed Forces.	Hellenic Navy	Greece
country	Phthiotis and Phocis Prefecture (Greek: Νομός Φθιώτιδος και Φωκίδος) was a prefecture of Greece.	Phthiotis and Phocis Prefecture	Greece
country	Temara (Arabic: تمارة‎) is a coastal city in Morocco.	Temara	Morocco
country	The Boni National Reserve is a national reserve for conservation and lies in the Garissa County, Kenya.	Boni National Reserve	Kenya
country	Tanqıt (also, Tangıt and Tangyt) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tanqıt	Azerbaijan
country	The Lousios (Greek: Λούσιος) is a river and a gorge in western Arcadia that stretches from Karytaina north to Dimitsana in Greece.	Lousios	Greece
country	Venice-Lido Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Venezia-Lido, ICAO: LIPV) is an aerodrome located 1.9 nautical miles (3.5 km; 2.2 mi) east of Venice (Venezia), a city in the Veneto region in Italy.	Venice-Lido Airport	Italy
country	Hamarøy Church (Norwegian: Hamarøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Hamarøy Church	Norway
country	Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان دودانگه سفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District	Iran
country	Cannon Hill Anglican College (familiarly known as CHAC) is an independent, co-educational, day school affiliated with the Anglican Church of Australia.	Cannon Hill Anglican College	Australia
country	Empalme Villa Constitución (often shortened to Empalme) is a town (comuna) in the south of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Empalme Villa Constitución	Argentina
country	Chibuto is a city located in the province of Gaza in Mozambique, about 200 km north of the capital, Maputo.	Chibuto	Mozambique
country	The Crooked Forest (Polish: Krzywy Las), is a grove of oddly-shaped pine trees located outside Nowe Czarnowo, West Pomerania, Poland.	Crooked Forest	Poland
country	Farhult Church (Swedish: Farhults kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church south-west of Ängelholm, Sweden.	Farhult Church	Sweden
country	Ponatahi is a community in the South Wairarapa District of New Zealand's North Island.	Ponatahi	New Zealand
country	Grabarze (ɡraˈbaʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Grabarze	Poland
country	Tingo María is the capital of Leoncio Prado Province in the Huánuco Region in central Peru.	Tingo María	Peru
country	Kondhali is a village in Nagpur District, Nagpur Division, Maharashtra, India, about halfway between Talegaon and Nagpur on NH-6.	Kondhali	India
country	Pointe Helbronner (3,462 m (11,358 ft)) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the Graian Alps on the watershed between France and Italy.	Pointe Helbronner	Italy
country	Pacula is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Pacula	Mexico
country	The American Academy in Berlin is a research and cultural institution in Berlin whose stated mission is to foster a greater understanding and dialogue between the people of the United States and the people of Germany.	American Academy in Berlin	Germany
country	Mont de Grange (2,432 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie, France.	Mont de Grange	France
country	Daura is a town and Local Government Area in Katsina State, northern Nigeria.	Daura	Nigeria
country	Lednice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɛdɲɪtsɛ); German: Eisgrub) is a village in South Moravia in the Czech Republic.	Lednice	Czech Republic
country	Faros beach (in Greek: Παραλία του Φάρου), is situated in the locality of Larnaca, Cyprus, specifically in the village of Pervolia.	Faros beach	Cyprus
country	Sharmai Hydropower Project is a proposed power generation project located in Upper Dir District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan, on River Dir or Panjkora, with installed capacity of 130MW.	Sharmai Hydropower Project	Pakistan
country	The Sea of Åland (Finnish: Ahvenanmeri; Swedish: Ålands hav) is a waterway in the southern Gulf of Bothnia, between the Åland islands and Sweden.	Sea of Åland	Sweden
country	Altkönig the third highest mountain of the Taunus range in Hesse, Germany, reaching 798 metres above sea level.	Altkönig	Germany
country	Francetippa is a revenue village in the Yanam District of Puducherry, India.	Francetippa	India
country	The Chengzhui Line (Chinese: 成追線; pinyin: Chéngzhuī xiàn), also spelled Chengjhuei Line, is a short branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration.	Chengzhui Line	Taiwan
country	The Electoral district of Keilor was a metropolitan electorate approximately 15 kilometres north-west of Melbourne, Australia in Victoria's Legislative Assembly.	Electoral district of Keilor	Australia
country	The Golden Triangle of the Yvelines is an expression used to refer to the Yvelines area of France that includes suburban Chatou, Croissy-sur-Seine, and Le Vésinet, and the high wealth of their inhabitants, which include many state leaders, CEOs, and celebrities.	The Golden Triangle of the Yvelines	France
country	The Artxanda Funicular (Basque: Artxandako Funikularra; Spanish: Funicular de Artxanda) is a funicular railway in the city of Bilbao in Spain's Basque Country.	Artxanda Funicular	Spain
country	Half Moon Caye is an island and natural monument of Belize located at the southeast corner of Lighthouse Reef Atoll.	Half Moon Caye	Belize
country	McClintok Island or MacKlintok Island (Russian: Остров Мак-Клинтока; Ostrov Mak-Klintoka) is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.	MacKlintok Island	Russia
country	Otanomomo is a locality in the South Otago region of New Zealand's South Island.	Otanomomo	New Zealand
country	Cuautitlán (Spanish pronunciation: (kwautiˈtɬan)) is a city and municipality in the State of Mexico, just north of the northern tip of the Federal District (Distrito Federal) within the Greater Mexico City urban area.	Cuautitlán	Mexico
country	Gazit (Hebrew: גָּזִית) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Gazit	Israel
country	St. Thomas More Collegiate or STMC is an independent private school located in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	St. Thomas More Collegiate	Canada
country	Bredynki (brɛˈdɨnki) (German Bredinken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bredynki	Poland
country	Vnanje Gorice (pronounced (ˈwnaːnjɛ ɡɔˈɾiːtsɛ); German: Außergoritz) is a settlement 5 km south of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Vnanje Gorice	Slovenia
country	Luhak (Persian: لوهك‎, also Romanized as Lūhak and Lowhak) is a village in Abdan Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Luhak	Iran
country of citizenship	Botsa Satyanarayana (9 July 1958) also Botcha Satyanarayana(Sathi Babu) is an Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India.	Botsa Satyanarayana	India
country of citizenship	Asha Khadilkar (born: 11 January 1955) is a Mumbai, India-based vocalist who performs Indian (Hindustani) classical, semi-classical and devotional music including Natya Sangeet.	Asha Khadilkar	India
country of citizenship	Laurent Levesque (born 28 January 1970 in Lyon, France) is a film score composer.	Laurent Levesque	France
country of citizenship	Lawrence Bayne (born November 11, 1960 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian actor and singer.	Lawrence Bayne	Canada
country of citizenship	Armin Wolf (born August 19, 1966) is an Austrian journalist and television anchor and is well known in Austria.	Armin Wolf	Austria
country of citizenship	Jeremy Waldron (born 13 October 1953) is a New Zealand professor of law and philosophy.	Jeremy Waldron	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Movies starring Gérard Jugnot with more than a million of entries in France.	Gérard Jugnot	France
country of citizenship	Stephen Bird (born May 11, 1988 in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa) is a South African-born Australian sprint canoeist.	Stephen Bird	South Africa
country of citizenship	Igor Panarin Panarin condemns the activity of the last General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union --	Igor Panarin	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Alykul Osmonov (Kyrgyz: Алыкул Осмонов) (March 21, 1915 - December 12, 1950) was a Kyrgyz poet, significant for his efforts to modernizing poetry in Kyrgyzstan.	Alykul Osmonov	Kyrgyzstan
country of citizenship	Ahmad Al-Shahhat Abdol-Fattah Al-Sayyed Saqr (Arabic: أحمد الشحات عبد الفتاح السيد صقر), also known as The Flagman, is an Egyptian man who became famous after climbing the face of a 24 story building in Cairo, Egypt on August 21, 2011.	Ahmad Al-Shahhat	Egypt
country of citizenship	Alicia Villarreal (born Martha Alicia Villarreal Esparza August 31, 1971 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a Mexican singer.	Alicia Villarreal	Mexico
country of citizenship	Simone Iannarelli is a composer and classical guitarist born in Rome, Italy, in 1970.	Simone Iannarelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Kazi Shamsul Hoque (Bengali: কাজী শামসুল হক) (April 12, 1945) is a Bangladeshi journalist and the founding editor of Akhon Samoy and Senior Vice President of ``USA-Bangladesh Press Club'', New York.	Kazi Shamsul Hoque	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	José Pérez Colmenares (July 14, 1914 -- July 25, 1944) was a baseball pioneer in Venezuela and a member of the National Team that captured the Baseball World Cup in its 1941 edition.	José Pérez Colmenares	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Tochinoumi Teruyoshi (栃ノ海 晃嘉, born March 13, 1938) is a former sumo wrestler from Aomori, Japan.	Tochinoumi Teruyoshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Herman Severin Løvenskiold was born at Ulefoss in the municipality Nome, Norway.	Herman Severin Løvenskiold	Norway
country of citizenship	Ida Corr (born March 14, 1977 in Århus, Denmark) is a Danish singer, songwriter and music producer.	Ida Corr	Denmark
country of citizenship	Michael Kawchuk (born April 23, 1931, in Gilbert Plains, Manitoba) is a former politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Michael Kawchuk	Canada
country of citizenship	Martin Rhonheimer (born 1950 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss academic philosopher and a priest of the Catholic personal prelature Opus Dei.	Martin Rhonheimer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sidi Abd As-Salam Al-Asmar was born as Salim Al-Fayturi in 1455 (ca. 859 AH) in the small city of Zliten, Libya, which is located roughly 100 mi (161 km) east of Tripoli near Leptis Magna.	Abd As-Salam Al-Asmar	Libya
country of citizenship	Agnes Penemulungu is a Member of Parliament for Lilongwe South in Malawi.	Agnes Penemulungu	Malawi
country of citizenship	Edwin Zimmermann was born in the Schöna district of Dahme, some 100 km (62 miles) south of Berlin in the Soviet occupation zone of what had been Germany, a region which was by now becoming the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).	Edwin Zimmermann	Germany
country of citizenship	Martim Afonso Chichorro (1250-1313) was a Portuguese nobleman, member of the Court of Denis of Portugal (his half brother).	Martim Afonso Chichorro	Portugal
country of citizenship	Poh Seng Song (born January 30, 1983) is an athlete from Singapore who specialises in the 100 metres sprint and 4 x 100 metres relay.	Poh Seng Song	Singapore
country of citizenship	David Henry McFadden (February 17, 1856 -- 1935) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	David Henry McFadden	Canada
country of citizenship	Boyan Radev (Bulgarian: Боян Радев; born February 25, 1942 in Moshino, Pernik) is a former Greco Roman wrestler from Bulgaria.	Boyan Radev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Eakkanit Punya (Thai: เอกนิษฐ์ ปัญญา, born 21 October 1999), simply known as Book (Thai: บุ๊ค), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Eakkanit Punya	Thailand
country of citizenship	Theo Seiler (born February 12, 1949 in Ravensburg, Germany) is a German ophthalmologist and physicist.	Theo Seiler	Germany
country of citizenship	Ronald Paris was born in Sondershausen, a small town in central Germany with a long tradition as an army town.	Ronald Paris	Germany
country of citizenship	Guy Chevrette (born January 10, 1940 in Saint-Come, Quebec) served as Parti Québécois leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly of Quebec, Canada, from 1987 to 1989.	Guy Chevrette	Canada
country of citizenship	Máirtín O'Connor is an Irish button accordionist from Galway, Ireland, who began playing at the age of nine, and whose career has seen him as a member of many traditional music groups that include Skylark, Midnight Well, De Dannan, and The Boys of the Lough.	Máirtín O'Connor	Ireland
country of citizenship	Vito Rizzuto was born in Cattolica Eraclea, Sicily, Italy, on February 21, 1946, and was brought to Montreal by his parents in 1954.	Vito Rizzuto	Italy
country of citizenship	Paul Dumbrell (born 1 September 1982 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia), is an Australian business executive and racing driver.	Paul Dumbrell	Australia
country of citizenship	Hasri Ainun Habibie (nee Besari) (August 11, 1937 -- May 22, 2010) was the First Lady of Indonesia from 1998 until 1999 and wife of former President B. J. Habibie.	Hasri Ainun Habibie	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Benjamin Sutherland (1873--1949) was a notable New Zealand railway clerk, grocer, businessman and philanthropist.	Benjamin Sutherland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carsten Haitzler was born in Nigeria of a German father and Finnish mother, but soon moved with his family to Germany where he lived until the age of 4.	Carsten Haitzler	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Godefroy Engelmann was born in 1788 in Mühlhausen, a small town near the France/Switzerland/Germany border.	Godefroy Engelmann	France
country of citizenship	George Arthur Bridgett (11 October 1882 -- 26 July 1954) was an English footballer who played most of his career, playing at outside left, for Sunderland and also made eleven appearances for England.	Arthur Bridgett	England
country of citizenship	James Stein (c.1804 -- 25 October 1877) was a pioneering settler of the Mid North of South Australia and founder of the Kadlunga pastoralism estate.	James Stein	Australia
country of citizenship	Arnaud Lagardère, born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France, on March 18, 1961, is the son of Jean-Luc Lagardère, the former chairman of Matra and Hachette.	Arnaud Lagardère	France
country of citizenship	Jüri Allik (born on March 3, 1949 in Tallinn, Estonia), is an Estonian psychologist.	Jüri Allik	Estonia
country of citizenship	Caroline Anne Hare (born 7 June 1964) is a former New Zealand representative runner from Wellington.	Anne Hare	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jordan Officer (born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Montreal-based jazz / blues / country musician.	Jordan Officer	Canada
country of citizenship	Alexandros Skouzes (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Σκουζές; 1853--1937) was a Greek politician who served several times as Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Greece.	Alexandros Skouzes	Greece
country of citizenship	Ina Ivanova (born 26 June 1986) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was officially crowned Miss New Zealand International 2010 on 19 June 2010.	Ina Ivanova	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Robert Sagna (born April 17, 1939) is a Senegalese politician who served in the government of Senegal from 1978 to 2000 and was Mayor of Ziguinchor from 1984 to 2009.	Robert Sagna	Senegal
country of citizenship	From 1990, Nita Kumar has been associated with NIRMAN, a non-profit NGO that works for education and the arts in Varanasi, India.	Nita Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Born and raised in Ibagué, Colombia, James Cañón received his B.A in advertising from Universidad Jorge Tadeo Lozano of Bogotá.	James Cañón	Colombia
country of citizenship	Giacinto Diano or Diana (28 March 1731 -- 13 August 1803) was an Italian painter, active in Southern Italy in a style that mixes Rococo and Neoclassicism.	Giacinto Diano	Italy
country of citizenship	Ihor Bodrov (Ukrainian: Ihor Valerievich Bodrov; born 9 July 1987 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete.	Ihor Bodrov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Dennis John Vear (born 5 April 1938) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played three first-class matches for the Otago Volts in the early 1960s and he also played for Southland in the Hawke Cup competition.	John Vear	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bruno Munari joined the 'Second' Italian Futurist movement in Italy led by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti in the late 1920s.	Bruno Munari	Italy
country of citizenship	Joel Hallikainen (born October 11, 1961 in Turku, Finland) is a Finnish musician and entertainer.	Joel Hallikainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Yousef Azizi (Bani-Torof) (born April 21, 1951 in Susangerd, Iran) is an Iranian Arab journalist and Arab rights activist living in exile in London, United Kingdom.	Yousef Azizi (Bani-Torof)	Iran
country of citizenship	Jamie Bloem (born 26 May 1971) is a rugby league referee and former dual-code rugby player who played international rugby league for South Africa and Scotland.	Jamie Bloem	South Africa
country of citizenship	Pius Msekwa (born 9 June 1935) was the Speaker of the National Assembly of Tanzania from 1994 to 2005.	Pius Msekwa	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Isabel Lestapier Winqvist (born 8 May 1987 in Helsingborg, Scania, Sweden) is a former Miss Sweden titleholder who resigned.	Isabel Lestapier Winqvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dr. Mahendra Prasad, a politician from Janata Dal (United) party, is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	Mahendra Prasad	India
country of citizenship	Mariusz Podkościelny (born April 29, 1968) is a former freestyle swimmer from Poland, who, twice competed at the Summer Olympics: in 1988 and 1992.	Mariusz Podkościelny	Poland
country of citizenship	Nadine Deleury is a cellist who was born in northern France.	Nadine Deleury	France
country of citizenship	Chris Hermansen (born 23 January 1975 in Esbjerg, Denmark) is a retired football player, who most notably won the 1999 Danish Cup with Akademisk Boldklub (AB).	Chris Hermansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Thierno Diawo Pellel, born Thierno Mamadou Diawo Diallo c. 1900 in Labé, Guinea (AOF), died in 1984 in Labé, was one of the great twentieth century poets of Fouta Djallon.	Thierno Diawo	Guinea
country of citizenship	Isabella Flora Siteman (c.1842 -- 18 March 1919) was a notable New Zealand domestic servant, farmer and philanthropist.	Isabella Flora Siteman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Atrpet toured Europe in 1905--06, and spent the rest of his life in Alexandrapol (Leninakan, now Gyumri, Armenia).	Atrpet	Armenia
country of citizenship	Jean de Meung says that in his youth he composed songs that were sung in every public place and school in France.	Jean de Meun	France
country of citizenship	Lykke May Andersen (born 16 June 1982, Copenhagen, Denmark), known as May Andersen, is a Danish former model.	May Andersen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Elmer Symons (14 February 1977 in Ladysmith, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa - 9 January 2007 rural Morocco) was a motorcycle enduro racer.	Elmer Symons	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jovan Lazarević (Serbian: Јован Лазаревић, born 3 May 1952) is a retired shot putter who represented SFR Yugoslavia.	Jovan Lazarević	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	General Muhammad Musa Khan Hazara H.Pk., HJ, HQA, MBE, IDC, psc (موسى خان) (1908--1991), was the fourth Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan Army (1958--1966).	Muhammad Musa	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Besnik Prenga (born 5 June 1969) is a former Albanian footballer who played the majority of his career in Croatia as well as the Albania national team.	Besnik Prenga	Albania
country of citizenship	Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, Crown Prince of Kuwait (Arabic: الشيخ نواف الأحمد الجابر الصباح Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Jābir as-Sabāh, born 25 June 1937) is the Crown Prince of Kuwait and Deputy Commander of the Military of Kuwait.	Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Agshin Shafaat oglu Mehdiyev (Azerbaijani: Aqşin Şəfaət oğlu Mehdiyev; born 28 April 1949) is an Azerbaijani diplomat who has served as Ambassador-at-Large of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan since May 2014.Agshin Mehdiyev speaks Azerbaijani, Arabic, English, Russian and Turkish.	Agshin Mehdiyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Arthur Anae (born 1945) is a New Zealand politician who currently serves on the Auckland Council.	Arthur Anae	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Dale Hodges (born 1941) is a municipal level politician in Calgary, Alberta, Canada who served as the Alderman for Ward 1 of the Calgary City Council until 2013.	Dale Hodges	Canada
country of citizenship	Antonio Gonzaga Almeida, nicknamed Toninho Almeida (born 22 August 1950 in Teófilo Otoni, Minas Gerais), was a football player from Brazil.	Toninho Almeida	Brazil
country of citizenship	Robbie Beazley born in Dubbo, New South Wales, Australia is a former rugby league player.	Robbie Beazley	Australia
country of citizenship	Giovanna Almeida Leto (born March 24, 1983 in Como, Italy) is an Italian figure skater who represented Portugal in international competition.	Giovanna Almeida Leto	Portugal
country of citizenship	Henri-Nompar de Caumont, duc de La Force (1582 -- January 1678) was Duc de La Force and peer of France.	Henri-Nompar de Caumont, duc de La Force	France
country of citizenship	Carlos Dorrien (born 1948, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an American sculptor of Mexican descent.	Carlos Dorrien	Argentina
country of citizenship	Olli Lindholm (born in Pori, Finland on 19 March 1964) is Finnish singer and guitarist.	Olli Lindholm	Finland
country of citizenship	Searby Buxton (20 February 1832 -- 18 February 1919) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand and father of New Zealand politician Thomas Buxton.	Searby Buxton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vittorio Leonardo, born in Italy in 1938, is a colorist of some famous Franco-Belgian comics series.	Vittorio Leonardo	Italy
country of citizenship	According to this tradition, Macías was enamoured of a great lady from the court of the Maestre of Calatrava, leader of one of the most powerful military religious orders in Spain.	Macías	Spain
country of citizenship	Elena Fanchini (born 30 April 1985) is an alpine ski racer from Italy.	Elena Fanchini	Italy
country of citizenship	Alix Perez is the stage name of Alix Depauw, a drum and bass DJ and producer originally from Charleroi, Belgium.	Alix Perez	Belgium
country of citizenship	Cacau's career in Germany started with fifth-division side Türkgücü München in the 1999-2000 season, after which he went on to join 1.	Cacau	Germany
country of citizenship	Higinio Ruvalcaba (Yahualica, Jalisco, 11 January 1905 - Mexico City 15 January 1976) was a Mexican violinist and composer.	Higinio Ruvalcaba	Mexico
country of citizenship	Evgeni Sviridov (born 15 August 1974 in Tashkent) is a retired pairs figure skater from Uzbekistan.	Evgeni Sviridov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Jörg Ziercke (born 18 July 1947, in Lübeck, Germany) has been the chief commissioner of the Federal Criminal Police Office of Germany (Bundeskriminalamt) since 2004.	Jörg Ziercke	Germany
country of citizenship	Nándor Mikola (born Nándor Josef Mikolajcsik, Hungarian: Mikolajcsik Nándor József, 27 November 1911 -- 3 May 2006) was a watercolor painter from Vaasa, Finland, but born in Budapest, Hungary.	Nándor Mikola	Finland
country of citizenship	Lilli Jahn (born Schlüchterer; March 5, 1900-- probably June 19, 1944) was a German-Jewish doctor and victim of the Nazism in Germany.	Lilli Jahn	Germany
country of citizenship	Luis Mandoki (born August 17, 1954 in Mexico City) is a Mexican film director working in Mexico and Hollywood.	Luis Mandoki	Mexico
country of citizenship	Elisabeth Toubro (born 8 December 1956) is a Danish artist who has been a major contributor to the renewal of sculpture in Denmark.	Elisabeth Toubro	Denmark
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Alom (born December 1964 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban photographer.	Juan Carlos Alom	Cuba
country of citizenship	Jiří Krejčí (born 22 March 1986) is a footballer from Czech Republic, currently playing for Vysočina Jihlava.	Jiří Krejčí	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Benedykt Dybowski was born in Adamaryni of Navahrudak Uyezd of Grodno Governorate in the Russian Empire and was the brother of the Polish naturalist Władysław Dybowski and the cousin of the French explorer Jean Dybowski.	Benedykt Dybowski	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Oriol Servià i Imbers (born 13 July 1974) is a professional racing driver in the IndyCar Series, originally from Catalonia, Spain.	Oriol Servià	Spain
country of citizenship	Paulo Galvão (born 1967 in Portimão, Algarve, Portugal) is a composer, lutenist, theorbist and guitarist.	Paulo Galvão	Portugal
country of citizenship	Lars Rørbakken(born 17 July 1979) is a strongman and armwrestler from Trengereid outside Bergen, Norway.	Lars Rørbakken	Norway
country of citizenship	Juan Francisco Estrada Romero (born April 14, 1990 in Puerto Peñasco, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBA (Super) and WBO Flyweight Champion.	Juan Francisco Estrada	Mexico
country of citizenship	Andrea Carrea was born in Gavi Ligure, Italy, and was a professional from 1948 to 1958.	Andrea Carrea	Italy
country of citizenship	Nasser Fakouhi was born on 1956 to a middleclass family in Tehran, Iran.	Nasser Fakouhi	Iran
country of citizenship	Imran Qureshi (born 31 March 1972) is a Pakistani artist from Lahore, Pakistan who works in painting.	Imran Qureshi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Mohammad Rasoulof (Persian: محمد رسول‌اف‎; born 1972 Shiraz, Iran ) is an Iranian independent filmmaker.	Mohammad Rasoulof	Iran
country of citizenship	Niels Trolle (27 October 1599 -- 27 September 1667) was a Danish nobleman and Steward of Norway.	Niels Trolle	Norway
country of citizenship	Tony Nsofor has featured widely in group exhibitions in Nigeria and abroad.	Tony Nsofor	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Khalifa St. Fort (born 13 February 1998) is a track and field sprinter who competes internationally for Trinidad and Tobago.	Khalifa St. Fort	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Honor Harger (born 1975 in Dunedin) is a curator and artist from New Zealand.	Honor Harger	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kasem Hallulli is a well known Albanian romantic singer from Tirana, Albania and a virtuous musician of traditional songs from the region of Middle Albania.	Kasem Hallulli	Albania
country of citizenship	Peter Obi (born 19 July 1961) was governor of Anambra State in Nigeria from 17 March 2006 to 2 November 2006, when he was impeached and from 9 February 2007 to 29 May 2007 after his impeachment was overturned.	Peter Obi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ken McGoogan is the Canadian author of eleven books, including 50 Canadians Who Changed the World, How the Scots Invented Canada, and four biographical narratives focusing on northern exploration and published internationally:	Ken McGoogan	Canada
country of citizenship	Pietro Leoni (1909--1995) was a Jesuit priest from Italy who later worked in the Soviet Union.	Pietro Leoni	Italy
country of citizenship	Stig Inge Bjørnebye (born 11 December 1969) is a retired Norwegian footballer who played in Norway, England, and Denmark, most notably for Liverpool.	Stig Inge Bjørnebye	Norway
country of citizenship	Acad. Prof. Dr. Honoris Causa Ion Irimescu (27 February 1903 -- 29 October 2005) was one of Romania's greatest sculptors and sketchers as well as a member of the Romanian Academy.	Ion Irimescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Mostafa Kavakebian (Persian:مصطفی کواکبیان born on 18 March 1963) is an Iranian reformist politician and former representative of Semnan and Mehdishahr at Parliament of Iran.	Mostafa Kavakebian	Iran
country of citizenship	Ayelet Ohayon (born October 20, 1974, in Acre, Israel) is an Israeli foil fencer.	Ayelet Ohayon	Israel
country of citizenship	In a successful career, Gohar Zaman has won the Pakistan Premier League three times, and the Pakistan National Football Challenge Cup four times whilst a player with ABL FC.	Gohar Zaman	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Alphonse Tierou is an African dancer, researcher and choreograph originally from Ivory Coast.	Alphonse Tierou	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Siddiq Durimi has played in the S.League and Singapore National Football League.	Siddiq Durimi	Singapore
country of citizenship	Gholamreza Emrani (/ɣolɒːmrezɒː emrɒːni:/; born 1947, Zabol, Iran) (Persian: غلامرضا عمرانی) is an Iranian linguist and an iconic figure in the field of Sistanian studies.	Gholamreza Emrani	Iran
country of citizenship	Born Frank Perkins in Adelaide, South Australia, he changed his name to Kester Baruch after a friend told him that would sound ``less plebeian'', than changed it again to Kester Berwick at the beginning of World War II, when he was living in Switzerland.	Kester Berwick	Australia
country of citizenship	Michelle Langstone (born 30 January 1979) is a New Zealand actress who has been in many films and television series over the years in both New Zealand, and in Australia.	Michelle Langstone	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Emiliano Figueroa Larraín (July 12, 1866 -- May 15, 1931) was President of Chile from December 23, 1925 until his resignation on May 10, 1927.	Emiliano Figueroa	Chile
country of citizenship	Ștefan Urâtu (born January 9, 1951, Ustia) is a politician from Moldova.	Ștefan Urâtu	Moldova
country of citizenship	Vincent Wulf (born 5 January 1973) is a New Zealand-born rugby league player who represented France in the 2000 World Cup.	Vincent Wulf	New Zealand
country of citizenship	He is the lead vocalist and lyricist of the rock band Redlight King and best known for the song ``Bullet in My Hand'', which was aired regularly on MuchMusic and MTV Europe, played on contemporary hit radio, hot adult contemporary, alternative rock and mainstream rock radio stations in Canada.	Redlight King	Canada
country of citizenship	Ron Duffy (born Ronald Harold George) is a New Zealand former rugby league player.	Ron Duffy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Oliver Roup is an entrepreneur and computer scientist originally from Toronto, Canada.	Oliver Roup	Canada
country of citizenship	Jukka Raitala (born 15 September 1988), is a Finnish professional footballer who represents Finland national team and currently is on a free agent .	Jukka Raitala	Finland
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel Gustaf Arthur Aspelin (2 February 1868, Lestijärvi - 22 September 1949) was an officer in the Military of the Grand Duchy of Finland, in the Imperial Russian Army and in the Finnish Defence Forces, a lawyer and a politician.	Arthur Aspelin	Finland
country of citizenship	Heather Moyse (born July 23, 1978) is a Canadian athlete and two-time Olympic gold medalist, representing Canada in international competition as a bobsledder, rugby union player, and track cyclist and competing at the Canadian intercollegiate level in rugby, soccer and track and field.	Heather Moyse	Canada
country of citizenship	K. Prasanna Pandian (Tamil: பிரசன்னா பாண்டியன்) also known as PP, is an artist, architect and an animator from Tamil Nadu in south India.	Prasanna Pandian	India
country of citizenship	Rudolf Witzig re-joined the military service in the newly created Bundeswehr of the Federal Republic of Germany on 16 January 1956.	Rudolf Witzig	Germany
country of citizenship	Anne Zernike (1887--1972) was a Dutch, liberal theologian, who was the first ordained woman minister of the Netherlands.	Anne Zernike	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Philip Mason OBE CIE (19 March 1906 -- 25 January 1999) was an English civil servant and author who is most known for his two-volume book on the British Raj, The Men Who Ruled India (written under the pseudonym Philip Woodruff).	Philip Mason	India
country of citizenship	Wilton Cezar Xavier was a Brazilian footballer who achieved notoriety in Brazil after scoring, with his hand and in offside position, a decisive goal for Fluminense in a Fla-Flu match on October 13, 1968.	Wilton Cezar Xavier	Brazil
country of citizenship	Friedrich Flick (born 10 July 1883 in Ernsdorf, Siegerland; died 20 July 1972 in Constance) was a German industrialist, a member of the Flick industrial family, the richest person in West Germany during the Cold War and one of the richest people in the world at the time of his death in 1972.	Friedrich Flick	Germany
country of citizenship	Alan Sánchez (born November 23, 1985 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Juventud Antoniana in the Torneo Argentino A	Alan Sánchez	Argentina
country of citizenship	José de Antequera y Castro (Panama, 1689--Peru, July 5, 1731) was a Panamanian lawyer and judge in the Viceroyalty of Peru (then including Panama, Bolivia and Paraguay), and the leader of an insurrection in Paraguay against the viceroy and the king.	José de Antequera y Castro	Panama	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Stein Erik Tafjord (born 2 November 1953 in Langevåg, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (tuba), and brother of the French horn player Runar Tafjord.	Stein Erik Tafjord	Norway
country of citizenship	Harry von Bülow-Bothkamp was a child of nobility, born in his family's castle in the village of Bothkamp in the Schleswig-Holstein Province of Germany.	Harry von Bülow-Bothkamp	Germany
country of citizenship	Tikhon Khrennikov was the youngest of ten children, born into a family of horse traders in the town of Yelets, Oryol Governorate, Russian Empire (now in Lipetsk Oblast in central Russia).	Tikhon Khrennikov	Russia
country of citizenship	Alessandro Albani was born in Italy on 15 October 1692 in Urbino, then part of the Papal States.	Alessandro Albani	Italy
country of citizenship	Patricia Carli (born Rosetta Ardito on 12 March 1938 in Taranto, Italy) is an Italian-Belgian singer.	Patricia Carli	Italy
country of citizenship	María Conchita Alonso was born María Concepción Alonso Bustillo in Cienfuegos, Cuba, the daughter of Ricardo Alonso and María Conchita Bustillo.	María Conchita Alonso	Cuba
country of citizenship	Lucien Sainte-Rose (born May 29, 1953 in Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a French athlete who specialises in the 100 and 200 meters.	Lucien Sainte-Rose	France
country of citizenship	Rajiv Mishra is a well known media professional and founder of Electronic Media Rating Council of India.	Rajiv Mishra	India
country of citizenship	Juan García Ábrego (born September 13, 1944) is a former Mexican drug lord who started out his criminal career under the tutelage of his uncle Juan Nepomuceno Guerra, who is reported to be the former head of a criminal dynasty along the U.S.-Mexico border now called the Gulf Cartel.	Juan García Ábrego	Mexico
country of citizenship	Karl Isidor Beck (1 May 1817 Baja, Hungary - 10 April 1879 Vienna) was an Austrian poet.	Karl Isidor Beck	Hungary
country of citizenship	Dr John Warham (11 October 1919 -- 12 May 2010) was an Australian and New Zealand photographer and ornithologist notable for his research on seabirds, especially petrels.	John Warham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ghezo or Gezo was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1818 until 1858.	Ghezo	Benin
country of citizenship	Joseph G. Davis (born 1953) is an Indian-born, Australian Information systems researcher, and Professor of Information Systems and Services, and Director of the Knowledge Discovery and Management Research Group (KDMRG) at the University of Sydney in Sydney, Australia.	Joseph G. Davis	Australia
country of citizenship	Major General Mohammed Jega was military Governor of Gongola State, Nigeria between March 1976 and July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo, and again between January 1984 and August 1985 during the military regime of General Muhammadu Buhari.	Mohammed Jega	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi (Bengali: প্রিয়রঞ্জন দাশমুন্সি Prio Rônjon Dashmunshi; born 13 November 1945) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi	India
country of citizenship	Fritz Wepper (born 17 August 1941, Munich, Germany) is a German film and television actor.	Fritz Wepper	Germany
country of citizenship	Arthur Vierendeel (10 April 1852 -- 8 November 1940) was a civil engineer born in Leuven, Belgium.	Arthur Vierendeel	Belgium
country of citizenship	Shankar Narayanan is an Indian born American entrepreneur based out of United States of America and India, he is an ex-Chairman, founder and CEO of Spime Inc, a Location Technology Company acquired by Trimble, a world leader in location technology products.	Shankar Narayanan	United States of America
country of citizenship	Clyde Jackman, (born December 21, 1954) is a former Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Clyde Jackman	Canada
country of citizenship	Indecka was raised by his grandmother in Kingston, Jamaica.	Indecka	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Yuri Gaven is a Latvian revolutionary of the Russian Empire and the Soviet Union, chekist, key figure in defeating of the Crimean People's Republic (with establishment of the so-called Taurida Soviet Socialist Republic) and active participant of the ``Red Terror'' in Crimea.	Yuri Gaven	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Vladan Kujović (Serbian Cyrillic: Bлaдaн Kуjoвић; born 23 August 1978, in Niš) is a retired Serbian footballer whose final team was Club Brugge in Belgium.	Vladan Kujović	Belgium
country of citizenship	David Remo (born David Magboo Remo on December 30, 2006 in the Philippines) is a Filipino actor and model.	David Remo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Severin Cecile Abega was born in 1955 at Saa in the South of Cameroon.	Severin Cecile Abega	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Annabella Mary Geddes (19 May 1864--5 December 1955) was a New Zealand welfare worker and community leader.	Annabella Mary Geddes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eyyub Yaqubov (Azerbaijani: Əyyub Yaqubov, born April 26, 1965, Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR) is a popular Azerbaijani singer.	Eyyub Yaqubov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Domenico Pecile was born in San Vito di Fagagna, Italy, ordained a priest on July 11, 1948.	Domenico Pecile	Italy
country of citizenship	Philipp Andreas Oldenburger was a renowned 17th century lawyer and political historian from Germany.	Philipp Andreas Oldenburger	Germany
country of citizenship	Jenna Talackova (born October 15, 1988) is a Canadian model and television personality, who gained media attention in 2012 when she successfully waged a legal battle to be allowed to compete in the Miss Universe Canada after being initially disqualified for being a trans woman.	Jenna Talackova	Canada
country of citizenship	Piera Hudson (born 7 February 1996) is a New Zealand alpine ski racer.	Piera Hudson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Stevenhaagen (born April 24, 1965 in Haarlem, North Holland) is a retired road bicycle racer from the Netherlands, who was a professional rider from 1986 to 1992.	Peter Stevenhaagen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Oscar Peñas Cambray (born August 13, 1972, Barcelona, Spain) is a Catalan-born jazz guitarist and composer, now an American citizen living in New York.	Oscar Peñas	Spain
country of citizenship	Abdul Razak Baginda (born 6 February 1960) is a former political analyst from Malaysia, and close associate of the Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak.	Abdul Razak Baginda	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Major Lee Lue (1935 -- July 12, 1969) was a Laotian Hmong fighter bomber pilot notable for flying more combat missions than any other pilot in the Kingdom of Laos.	Lee Lue	Laos
country of citizenship	Malika Mokeddem (Kenadsa, Algeria; October 5, 1949) is an Algerian Tuareg writer.	Malika Mokeddem	Algeria
country of citizenship	Kashal-Tee (born Samuel Gezelius, 1978) is a rapper from Sweden.	Kashal-Tee	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kari Makkonen (born January 20, 1955 in Harjavalta, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga for Ässät.	Kari Makkonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Stygge Krumpen (c. 1485 -- 21 January 1551) was a Danish clergyman and bureaucrat, who was the secretary of king Christian II of Denmark and the last catholic bishop of the Diocese of Børglum from 1533 to 1536, having been coadjutor bishop since 1519.	Stygge Krumpen	Denmark
country of citizenship	N. W. M. Jayantha Wijesekara is a Sri Lankan politician and former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Jayantha Wijesekara	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Georgy Baydukov had been born in Taryshta railway station in the Tomsk Governorate of the Russian Empire (now Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia) to a railway worker.	Georgy Baydukov	Russian Empire	Russia
country of citizenship	Jacek Nawrocki (born 20 August 1965) is a former Polish volleyball player, head coach of Poland women's national volleyball team.	Jacek Nawrocki	Poland
country of citizenship	Wendy Hale (born November 3, 1987) is a Solomon Islands weightlifter.	Wendy Hale	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Jean Charpentier (May 14, 1935 -- January 8, 2010) was a Canadian journalist who served as the press secretary for Pierre Trudeau, the Prime Minister of Canada, from 1975 until 1979.	Jean Charpentier	Canada
country of citizenship	Erfan Maftoolkar is a Forward who plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.	Erfan Maftoolkar	Iran
country of citizenship	Betty Ibtisam Abu Bakar Banafe (born 14 November 1979), better known as Betty Banafe is a singer and actor from Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.	Betty Banafe	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Sharmila Chakraborty (born 4 March 1961 in West Bengal) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented the India national women's cricket team.	Sharmila Chakraborty	India
country of citizenship	Nikolay Arabov (Bulgarian: Николай Арабов) (born 14 November 1953) is a former Bulgarian footballer and Bulgaria international.	Nikolay Arabov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Katyna Ranieri (15 August 1927 in Follonica, Italy) is an Italian actress and singer.	Katyna Ranieri	Italy
country of citizenship	Suchinda Kraprayoon (Thai: สุจินดา คราประยูร; rtgs: Suchinda Khra-prayun, born August 6, 1933) was Prime Minister of Thailand from 7 April 1992 until 24 May 1992.	Suchinda Kraprayoon	Thailand
country of citizenship	Badr bin Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Jalawi Al Saud (Arabic: بدر بن محمد بن عبدالله بن جلوي آل سعود also بدر بن جلوي‎) has been the governor of Al-Ahsa in Saudi Arabia since 13 December 1997.	Badr bin Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Jalawi Al Saud	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Suphan Hardkam (Thai: สุพรรณ หาดคำ, born February 2, 1986) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Suphan Hardkam	Thailand
country of citizenship	Spoek Mathambo (born Nthato Mokgata 14 May 1985 in South Africa) is an artist, producer, singer-songwriter, rapper defined by his fusion of a wide array of musical influences and his coining the Township Tech, to describe the electronic music he produces.	Spoek Mathambo	South Africa
country of citizenship	Roby Lakatos is a Romani violinist from Hungary.	Roby Lakatos	Hungary
country of citizenship	Samson Olajuwon Kokumo Olayide (born Ilesa, then-Western Region of Nigeria; 1928 -- 1984), was an academic and professor of agricultural economics.	Samson Olajuwon Kokumo Olayide	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Bartolo Longo was born into a wealthy family on February 10, 1841 in the small town of Latiano, near Brindisi, in southern Italy.	Bartolo Longo	Italy
country of citizenship	Edwina Tops-Alexander (born 29 March 1974 in Sydney) is an Olympic-level equestrian rider, who competes for Australia.	Edwina Tops-Alexander	Australia
country of citizenship	Freddy Head (born 19 June 1947, in Neuilly, France) is a retired champion jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing and currently a horse trainer.	Freddy Head	France
country of citizenship	Arif Yunus was born in Baku, Azerbaijan, on 12 January 1955, to an Azeri father and an Armenian mother.	Arif Yunus	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Barrie Hutchinson is a former rugby player and water polo representative from New Zealand.	Barrie Hutchinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	K. P. K. Kumaran (Tamil: கே.பி.கே.குமரன்), a politician from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party, is a former member of the Parliament of India who represented Tamil Nadu in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	K. P. K. Kumaran	India
country of citizenship	Corneliu Bogdan (born Grumberg,1921- 2 January 1990) was a Romanian diplomat, who was Romania's ambassador to the United States between 1967 and 1976.	Corneliu Bogdan	Romania
country of citizenship	Nicolaes or Nicolaas Verburg (also Verburgh, Verburch) (ca 1620, Delft - November 1676, Netherlands) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1649 to 1653 and Director General of the VOC council in Batavia, Dutch East Indies, from 1668 to 1675.	Nicolaas Verburg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jean Étienne Pezant (1811--1880) was a New Zealand missionary and priest.	Jean Étienne Pezant	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bolesław III Wrymouth (also known as Boleslaus III the Wry-mouthed, Polish: Bolesław III Krzywousty) (20 August 1086 -- 28 October 1138), was a Prince of Lesser Poland, Silesia and Sandomierz between 1102-1107 and over the whole Poland between 1107-1138.	Bolesław III Wrymouth	Poland
country of citizenship	Felix Hunger (c.1837 -- 11 May 1918) was a New Zealand blacksmith, farmer and coloniser.	Felix Hunger	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tsoi Ngai Won (born June 12, 1960) is a Hong Kong sprint canoer who competed the mid 1980s.	Tsoi Ngai Won	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Kutwa (born 22 December 1945) is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who has served as the Metropolitan Archbishop of Abidjan in the Ivory Coast since May 2006.	Jean-Pierre Kutwa	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Barry Soper (born in Gore, New Zealand) is a New Zealand political journalist, and has been featured regularly on radio and television since the 1970s.	Barry Soper	New Zealand
country of citizenship	António, Prior of Crato (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtɔniu); 1531 -- 26 August 1595; sometimes called The Determined, The Fighter or The Independentist), was a grandson of King Manuel I of Portugal and claimant of the Portuguese throne during the 1580 dynastic crisis.	António, Prior of Crato	Portugal
country of citizenship	Aynur Doğan (born 1975 in Çemişgezek) is a contemporary Kurdish singer and musician of Kurdish ancestry from Turkey.	Aynur Doğan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Gilles Gobeil is an electroacoustic music composer born September 27, 1954, in Sorel, Canada, and currently living in Montreal, Canada.	Gilles Gobeil	Canada
country of citizenship	Kathrin Boron (born November 4, 1969 in Eisenhüttenstadt, Germany) is a German sculler, and four-time Olympic gold medalist.	Kathrin Boron	Germany
country of citizenship	Sukhwinder Singh Bhatti was a criminal defense attorney in Sangrur district of Punjab, India, and the district's leading defense lawyer for individuals accused of crimes under the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA).	Sukhwinder Singh Bhatti	India
country of citizenship	George Longley (April 1787 -- 1842) was an English-born businessman, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada.	George Longley	Canada
country of citizenship	Te Amo Amaru-Tibble (born 11 May 1989 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand netball and basketball player.	Te Amo Amaru-Tibble	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gabriel Silva Luján (born 5 October 1957) is a Colombian diplomat and political scientist who served as the 33rd and 27th Ambassador of Colombia to the United States.	Gabriel Silva Luján	Colombia
country of citizenship	Mani Nouri (Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actor and director.	Mani Nouri	Iran
country of citizenship	Michael Ware is a native of Brisbane (Queensland), Australia.	Michael Ware	Australia
country of citizenship	Khosrow Shakeri Zand (Persian خسرو شاکری زند), also known under his pen name Cosroe Chaqueri (July 3, 1938 -- June 30, 2015) was a historian, researcher, writer and activist of the Human Rights movement of Iran.	Khosrow Shakeri Zand	Iran
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Cegielski (born September 3, 1979 Poland) is a former Polish speedway rider who was a permanent Speedway Grand Prix rider in 2002 and 2003 season.	Krzysztof Cegielski	Poland
country of citizenship	Bernard Dietz (born 22 March 1948 in Hamm, West Germany) is a former German football player and manager.	Bernard Dietz	Germany
country of citizenship	Margaret Okayo (born May 30, 1976 in Masaba, Kisii District) is a professional marathon runner from Kenya.	Margaret Okayo	Kenya
country of citizenship	Tuan Lam (born January 1, 1966 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese-Canadian professional poker player from Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Tuan Lam	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Patrick Battiston (born March 12, 1957 in Amnéville, Moselle) is a former French football player, who played for the France national team in three World Cups and won the 1984 European Football Championship.	Patrick Battiston	France
country of citizenship	Abdullah Aderemi Adegbite also known as Aderemi Adegbite (born 28 February 1982 in Ebute Metta, Lagos, Nigeria) is a photographer, multimedia artist, poet and publisher.	Aderemi Adegbite	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Tadeusz Strumiłło (1884--1958) was a Polish teacher, harcmistrz (the highest Scouting instructor rank in Poland), the president of the Polish Scouting and Guiding Association (ZHP) from 1923 to 1925.	Tadeusz Strumiłło	Poland
country of citizenship	Virgilia D'Andrea was born in the town of Sulmona, located in the Abruzzo region of Italy, on 11 February 1888.	Virgilia D'Andrea	Italy
country of citizenship	Terence Gary McGee, usually called Terry McGee (born January 1936 in Cambridge, New Zealand) is an urban geographer and social scientist.	Terry McGee	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vittoria Puccini (born 18 November 1981 in Florence, Italy) is an Italian film and television actress.	Vittoria Puccini	Italy
country of citizenship	Michel de Kemmeter attended the Rijksuniversiteit Gent University in Belgium, graduating in Civil Engineering.	Michel de Kemmeter	Belgium
country of citizenship	Felipe Giaffone (Portuguese pronunciation: (fiˈlipi ʒaˈfoni), born January 22, 1975 in São Paulo) is a race car driver from Brazil.	Felipe Giaffone	Brazil
country of citizenship	Chetan Ghimire (Nepali: चेतन घिमिरे) is a Nepali team striker who currently plays for Nepal Police Club and the Nepal national team.	Chetan Ghimire	Nepal
country of citizenship	Phan Đình Phùng (1847 -- January 21, 1896) was a Vietnamese revolutionary who led rebel armies against French colonial forces in Vietnam.	Phan Đình Phùng	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Brooke Williams (born 3 January 1984) is a New Zealand actress, best known for playing Jennsen Rahl in Legend of the Seeker, Aurelia in Spartacus:	Brooke Williams	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William Dwane Bell (born 1978) is a New Zealander who was convicted of three murders at the Panmure RSA in 2001 and is serving a 30-year non-parole life sentence at Paremoremo Prison - the longest non-parole sentence ever passed in New Zealand.	William Dwane Bell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	José Miguel Mora Porras (29 September 1816 -- 15 June 1887) was President of Costa Rica from 16 November to 26 November 1849, when he turned over power to his older brother Juan Rafael Mora Porras.	Miguel Mora Porras	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Erediauwa (1923-2015) was the 38th Oba of Benin, traditional ruler of the Edo people in Benin City, in Nigeria (not to be confused with the unrelated, neighbor country of Benin).	Erediauwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	In honor of Max Spohr, the German LGBT organisation Völklinger Kreis established the Max-Spohr-Management-Preis for companies in Germany that have a good record of diversity management.	Max Spohr	Germany
country of citizenship	Bo Arne Vibenius (born 29 March 1943 in Solna, Stockholms län, Sweden) is a Swedish film director, most famous for his exploitation classics Breaking Point and Thriller --	Bo Arne Vibenius	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tim Sinclair (born 1972 in the Adelaide Hills, South Australia) is an Australian poet and novelist resident in Sydney.	Tim Sinclair	Australia
country of citizenship	Fabien Moreau is a French entrepreneur born in March 22, 1978 in Clamart, France.	Fabien Moreau	France
country of citizenship	Christian Wück (born 9 June 1973) is a retired German football player who is now coach of the Germany Under-16 national team.	Christian Wück	Germany
country of citizenship	Enrique Márquez Jaramillo (San Luis Potosí, March 4, 1950), known in Mexico and abroad as Enrique Márquez, is a poet, historian and Mexican politician.	Enrique Márquez Jaramillo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pierre Dréossi (born 12 October 1959 in Roubaix, France) is a football manager, currently managing Stade Rennais.	Pierre Dréossi	France
country of citizenship	Waylon Francis was part of Costa Rica's Under-23 side.	Waylon Francis	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Pilar Geijo (born 19 September 1984 in Buenos Aires) is a Marathon swimmer from Argentina.	Pilar Geijo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Leki Dukpa is a Bhutanese international footballer, who currently plays for Druk Pol. He made his first appearance for the Bhutan national football team in 2012.	Leki Dukpa	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Malek Awab also once held the record for the most number of international caps for his country, Singapore (121 caps).	Malek Awab	Singapore
country of citizenship	L'Aura spent two years in San Francisco in preparation for recording her first record titled Okumuki, which was recorded in Italy and released in 2005.	L'Aura	Italy
country of citizenship	Andrea Ferrante (born 16 August 1968, Palermo, Italy) is an Italian composer whose music is performed throughout Europe, Asia and the Americas and published by Videoradio and Rai Trade Labels, Edizioni Carrara and Edizioni Simeoli.	Andrea Ferrante	Italy
country of citizenship	In November 1778, Eva Ekeblad was present as a witness during the birth of the future Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden.	Eva Ekeblad	Sweden
country of citizenship	Þórhildur Þorleifsdóttir (born 25 March 1945 in Ísafjörður, Iceland) is an Icelandic theater, opera, film and television director, actress, dancer, choreographer and politician.	Þórhildur Þorleifsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Tan Zuoren (born May 15, 1954), from Chengdu, Sichuan province, People's Republic of China, is an environmentalist, writer and former editor of Literati magazine (文化人).	Tan Zuoren	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Kuba Ka (born Jakub Stępniak), is a Poland-born American pop singer, dancer and actor.	Kuba Ka	Poland
country of citizenship	Abigail Elizalde Romo (born 1985) is the 2008 Miss Earth Mexico titleholder and was the second runner-up or Miss Water in the 2008 Miss Earth competition.	Abigail Elizalde	Mexico
country of citizenship	Though van Mander calls him Geertgen tot Sint Jans, painter from Haarlem, indicating he was from Haarlem, it is possible that he was perhaps born in Leiden, then in the Burgundian Netherlands in the Holy Roman Empire, around the year 1465.	Geertgen tot Sint Jans	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dakodonou or Dakodonu or Dako Donu was an early king of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, ruling from around 1620 until 1645.	Dakodonou	Benin
country of citizenship	Born in Reykjavík, Iceland, Sjón began his writing career early and published his first book of poetry, Sýnir (Visions), in 1978.	Sjón	Iceland
country of citizenship	José Manuel Flores Sánchez (born September 25, 1986 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan model who was selected Mister Venezuela in 2009.	José Manuel Flores Sánchez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Hugo Vásquez (born on March 5, 1976 in Maracaibo, Zulia, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan actor.	Hugo Vásquez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Valeria Solarino (born 4 November 1978) is an Italian actress, born in Venezuela.	Valeria Solarino	Venezuela
country of citizenship	D. Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto (born 25 November 1999) is an Infante of Portugal as a member of the Portuguese Royal Family.	Infante Dinis, Duke of Porto	Portugal
country of citizenship	Lauren Mellor (born December 1985 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African fashion model best known for appearance in South African and American Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition.	Lauren Mellor	South Africa
country of citizenship	Evangelina Carrozzo grew up in Gualeguaychú, Entre Ríos, Argentina (a town that borders with Uruguay).	Evangelina Carrozzo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ougoureh Kifleh Ahmed (born 18 November 1955) is a Djiboutian politician who served in the government of Djibouti as Minister of Defense from 1999 to 2011.	Ougoureh Kifleh Ahmed	Djibouti
country of citizenship	In 1756, David Friesenhausen was born in Friesenhausen, a small community in southern Germany, 100 kilometres (60 mi) northeast of Frankfurt.	David Friesenhausen	Germany
country of citizenship	Saint Yared (Ge'ez: ቅዱስ ያሬድ) (April 25, 505 -- May 20, 571) was a legendary Ethiopian musician credited with inventing the sacred music tradition of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and Ethiopia's system of musical notation.	Yared	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Simon Mitchell (born 1958) is a New Zealand physician specialising in occupational medicine, hyperbaric medicine and anesthesiology.	Simon Mitchell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marin Tomasov (born 31 August 1987) is a Croatian footballer who has represented Croatia as an under-21 international player.	Marin Tomasov	Croatia
country of citizenship	Julian Klemczyński was born in either 1807 or 1810 in the old section (Stare Miasto) of Kalisz, Poland.	Julian Klemczyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Nika Metreveli is a member of Georgia national basketball team.	Nika Metreveli	Georgia
country of citizenship	Hugo Ruiz Dominguez (born 21 September 1988 in Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the bantamweight division and is the former interim WBA bantamweight champion.	Hugo Ruiz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Parviz Aboutaleb (born 1 March 1910 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian retired football player and manager.	Parviz Aboutaleb	Iran
country of citizenship	Luciano Leitão Pedrosa (24 August 1965 - 9 April 2011), a television presenter and radio host in Brazil, was known for his broadcasts about crime and politics.	Luciano Leitão Pedrosa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nele Kantule Iguibilikinya (1868--1944) was a famous chief and medicine man of the Kuna indigenous tribe of Panama and Colombia.	Nele Kantule	Panama
country of citizenship	Sardar Muhammad Raza Khan (Urdu: سردار محمد رضا خان‎) is the current Chief Election Commissioner and a retired judge on the Supreme Court of Pakistan and former Chief Justice of the Peshawar High Court.	Sardar Muhammad Raza Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	John Tootoosis (July 18, 1899 Poundmaker Reserve, Saskatchewan - February 1, 1989) was a prominent Cree First Nations leader in Canada.	John Tootoosis	Canada
country of citizenship	In the 1980s, Ahmad Khan Samangani originally fought in the Jamiat-e Islami against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.	Ahmad Khan Samangani	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Carmel Inguanez is a Maltese diplomat and is the current Ambassador of Malta to Russia, having presented his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 12 October 2009.	Carmel Inguanez	Malta
country of citizenship	John de Ruiter was born on November 11, 1959, one of two boys and two girls raised by Dutch immigrant parents in the town of Stettler in Alberta, Canada.	John de Ruiter	Canada
country of citizenship	Joseph O'Kelly (29 January 1828 -- 9 January 1885), composer, pianist and choral conductor, was the most prominent member of a family of Irish musicians in 19th- and early 20th-century France.	Joseph O'Kelly	France
country of citizenship	Donald Alexander Goss (born 2 October 1968), nicknamed Sandy Goss, is a former competition swimmer from Canada.	Sandy Goss	Canada
country of citizenship	Farrukh Ahmad (1918--1974) was a poet and writer of Bangladesh.	Farrukh Ahmad	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Isha Sharvani (born 29 September 1984 in Gujarat, India) is an Indian Contemporary dancer and actress.	Isha Sharvani	India
country of citizenship	Beginning her career as an artist predominately working on the streets of Melbourne and Sydney, New South Wales, Vexta is now considered to be one of Australia's most popular and renowned Australian artists working within both urban environments and gallery spaces.	Vexta	Australia
country of citizenship	Born in Magdeburg, Germany, Hans Cloos earned his doctorate at Freiburg in 1910, then worked in Indonesia and Namibia up until the start of First World War.	Hans Cloos	Germany
country of citizenship	Katja K, also known as Katja Kean (born February 7, 1968 in Denmark as Sussi la Cour), is a Danish former pornographic actress.	Katja K	Denmark
country of citizenship	King Mellow Yellow (born in Kingston, Jamaica) was a Jamaican Dancehall DJ. Being one of three popular albino DJs in the 1980s (Yellowman, Purpleman and King Mellow Yellow), in song, he often referred to himself as ``The Yellow Hands''.	King Mellow Yellow	Jamaica
country of citizenship	The event took place in St. Petersburg, Russia and ended with a scandal - first Mrs. Costa Rica, Andrea Bermudez Romero, had been erroneously crowned, but later the crown was taken away from her and given instead to Sofya Skya.	Sofya Skya	Russia
country of citizenship	Yetkin Özkul was born in Akdeniz, Turkey and started taekwondo at the age of twelve, eventually earning his black belt.	Yetkin Özkul	Turkey
country of citizenship	Todd Brooker (born November 24, 1959) is a former alpine ski racer from Canada and a ski commentator on television.	Todd Brooker	Canada
country of citizenship	Pierre Dervaux (born 3 January 1917 in Juvisy-sur-Orge, France; died 20 February 1992 in Marseilles, France) was a French operatic conductor, composer, and pedagogue.	Pierre Dervaux	France
country of citizenship	Guy Caminsky (born July 4, 1977 of Durban, South Africa) is one of South Africa's leading ten-pin bowlers.	Guy Caminsky	South Africa
country of citizenship	Anne Helm (born September 12, 1938) is a retired actress, born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and a current resident of Pasadena, California.	Anne Helm	Canada
country of citizenship	Ingrid Helene Håvik (born 1987 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian songwriter and vocalist.	Ingrid Helene Håvik	Norway
country of citizenship	Paolo Vacirca (born 31 October 1982, in Malmö, Sweden), is a Swedish with Italian (Sicilian) and Polish origins, screenwriter and story developer currently working as head of development/development executive at AB Svensk Filmindustri.	Paolo Vacirca	Sweden
country of citizenship	Deepthi Nambiar was born in Kannur(kerala) brought up at Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Deepthi Nambiar	India
country of citizenship	Angel Kreiman Brill (1945--6 January 2014) was the Chief Rabbi of Chile, Director of the International Council of Christians and Jews in Latin America and the International Vice President of the World Council of Synagogues.	Angel Kreiman Brill	Chile
country of citizenship	Wolde Giyorgis Wolde Yohannes (Ge'ez: ወልደ ጊዮርጊስ ወልደ ዮሐንስ; 1901 -- 29 July 1976) was an important government Minister during the reign of Haile Selassie of Ethiopia.	Wolde Giyorgis Wolde Yohannes	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Mongkol Na Songkhla was as of January 2007 the Minister of Health for Thailand.	Mongkol Na Songkhla	Thailand
country of citizenship	Moses Solomon Male (pronounced 'mal-eh') is a pastor in Uganda, and Executive Director of Arising For Christ.	Solomon Male	Uganda
country of citizenship	Angelica Jones is a singer actress and politician in the Philippines.	Angelica Jones	Philippines
country of citizenship	Aaron Valero (1913--2000) was an Israeli physician and educator who helped establish hospitals and medical schools, authored medical publications and contributed greatly to the advancement of medical education in Israel in the latter half of the 20th century.	Aaron Valero	Israel
country of citizenship	Pope Adrian VI was born in the Prince-Bishopric of Utrecht in the Netherlands and was the last non-Italian pope until Pope John Paul II of Poland became the 264th pope in 1978.	Pope Adrian VI	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anna Kańtoch (December 28, 1976 in Katowice, Poland) is a Polish fantasy writer.	Anna Kańtoch	Poland
country of citizenship	Babar Khan Ghauri (Urdu: بابر خان غوری ‎) is a politician from Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Babar Khan Ghauri	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Svend Wad (February 3, 1928 -- December 4, 2004) was a boxer from Denmark, who competed in the Lightweight division during his career.	Svend Wad	Denmark
country of citizenship	Werner Doppler (born December 15, 1941 in Oberlustadt, Germany (today Lustadt) is a German Agricultural Economist. His areas of teaching and research have been Farming Systems, Rural Development and Socioeconomics in the Tropics and Subtropics. He was Dean of Faculty at the University of Hohenheim.	Werner Doppler	Germany
country of citizenship	Bertram McLean (c.1948 -- 14 November 2012), also known by his nickname ``Ranchie'', was a Jamaican musician active between the 1970s and the 1990s, who recorded with many of Jamaica's biggest stars.	Bertram McLean	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Antonio Creus Rubín de Celis (28 October 1924 -- 19 February 1996) was a motorcycle racer and racing driver from Spain.	Antonio Creus	Spain
country of citizenship	George Ho Lem Sr. (何榮禧) (June 15, 1918 -- July 9, 2005) was a politician, business man and community leader from Alberta, Canada.	George Ho Lem	Canada
country of citizenship	Hanno Pöschl (born 2 July 1949, Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian actor.	Hanno Pöschl	Austria
country of citizenship	Dr. Sone Lal Patel was a Kurmi leader, and National President of Apna Dal, a Kurmi caste oriented regional political party in India with minor presence in Uttar Pradesh.	Sone Lal Patel	India
country of citizenship	Daniel Pavlov (Bulgarian: Даниел Павлов) (born November 6, 1967) is an athlete from Bulgaria, who competes in archery.	Daniel Pavlov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Vahid Shamsaei (Persian: وحید شمسايی ‎‎, born 21 September 1975 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player and a coach who is currently manager of the Iran national futsal team.	Vahid Shamsaei	Iran
country of citizenship	Diego de Ordaz (also Diego de Ordás; 1480 in Castroverde de Campos, Zamora province, Spain -- 1532 in Venezuela) was a Spanish explorer and soldier.	Diego de Ordaz	Spain
country of citizenship	Casimiro Alcorta (1840--1913) was a musician of Argentina, considered one of the fathers of tango music.	Casimiro Alcorta	Argentina
country of citizenship	Wolf Bachofner (born 1961 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian stage and film actor.	Wolf Bachofner	Austria
country of citizenship	Julian Stewart Lindsay is a musical composer, currently residing in the United Kingdom and working as composer-in-residence at Hampton Court House School.	Julian Stewart Lindsay	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Phạm Tuân (born February 14, 1947) is a retired Vietnam Air Force aviator.	Phạm Tuân	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Taulima Tautai born 3 April 1988 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Wigan Warriors.	Taulima Tautai	Australia
country of citizenship	Yavuz Karamollaoğlu (born November 29, 1980 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish karateka competing currently in the kumite -84 kg division.	Yavuz Karamollaoğlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Oladipupo Ogundele (popularly known as DIPP), born 1980 in Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria, is a Nigerian singer-songwriter and dancer.	DIPP	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mustafa Sarıgül (born 15 November 1956 in İliç, Erzincan Province, Turkey), is a writer, entrepreneur and politician.	Mustafa Sarıgül	Turkey
country of citizenship	Irene van den Broek (born 26 August 1980) is a former road cyclist from the Netherlands.	Irene van den Broek	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Muazzez İlmiye Çığ, née Muazzez İlmiye İtil, (born 20 June 1914, Bursa Province, Turkey) is a Turkish archaeologist and Assyriologist who specializes in the study of Sumerian civilization.	Muazzez İlmiye Çığ	Turkey
country of citizenship	Urs Meisterhans was born in Zurich Switzerland in 1960.	Urs Meisterhans	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Pedro A. Vizcaíno Martínez (born in Havana, Cuba, on October 11, 1966) is a Cuban artist, sometimes known by the nickname ``Cafetero'' Pedro Vizcaíno Martínez.	Pedro Vizcaíno	Cuba
country of citizenship	William Parodi studied law in Panama's National University and has a Master's degree on financial crimes from Spain.	William Parodi	Panama
country of citizenship	Stanislav Binički was born on 27 July 1872 in the village of Jasika, near Kruševac, Principality of Serbia.	Stanislav Binički	Serbia
country of citizenship	Bernardas Vasiliauskas (born 1938 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian pianist and organist.	Bernardas Vasiliauskas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Jeff Gravenhorst is the Group CEO of ISS A/S, a Denmark-based global leading facility outsourcing company with more than 510,000 employees, which makes it the world's fourth largest private employer.	Jeff Gravenhorst	Denmark
country of citizenship	Hannah Lightfoot (12 October 1730 -- before December 1759) the 'Fair Quaker' who is erroneously said to have been the first wife of George III of the United Kingdom.	Hannah Lightfoot	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Heidi Skjerve (born 24 July 1979 in Rennebu, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (singer) and composer.	Heidi Skjerve	Norway
country of citizenship	Claudia Nolte was born Claudia Wiesemüller on February 7, 1966 in Rostock, a town that then lay in East Germany.	Claudia Nolte	East Germany
country of citizenship	Kyaw Hsan (born 20 May 1948) is a former Brigadier-General who is the current Minister of Cooperatives, and previously Minister of Culture and Minister of Information of Myanmar.	Kyaw Hsan	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Mo Elsalhy (born 1971) is a politician and pharmacist from Alberta, Canada.	Mo Elsalhy	Canada
country of citizenship	Philipp Haelg (born November 3, 1991) is a cross-country skier from Liechtenstein.	Philipp Haelg	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Supakit Jinajai (Thai: ศุภกิจ จินะใจ), born October 6, 1979 in Bangkok, Thailand, is a Thai footballer currently playing in the Regional League Division 2, on the Lamphun Warrior team.	Supakit Jinajai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Josefina Valencia Muñoz (22 September 1913 -- 4 October 1991) was a Colombian politician, and the first woman to be appointed governor of a Colombian department as Governor of Cauca, and the first woman to be appointed to a cabinet-level position as the 46th Minister of National Education of Colombia.	Josefina Valencia Muñoz	Colombia
country of citizenship	Marilyn Duckworth OBE (born 10 November 1935 in New Zealand) is a novelist, poet and short story writer.	Marilyn Duckworth	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Inger Skjelsbæk (born 26 September 1969 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian psychologist and peace researcher, specializing in sexual violence in war.	Inger Skjelsbæk	Norway
country of citizenship	Israel Sánchez Matos (born August 20, 1963 in Falcon Lasvias, Cuba) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for two seasons.	Israel Sánchez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Abdul Ahad Khan (born 25 September 1937 in Lahore, India (now in Pakistan)) is a former cricketer.	Ahad Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rune Glifberg was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and began skating at the age of 11 years after a friend brought a skateboard as a gift, which he had bought in the US.	Rune Glifberg	Denmark
country of citizenship	Mark Leduc (May 4, 1962 -- July 22, 2009) was a boxer from Canada, who won a silver medal at the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics.	Mark Leduc	Canada
country of citizenship	Carlos José Caballero (1917--1981) was de facto Federal Interventor of Córdoba, Argentina from September 13, 1966 to June 16, 1969.	Carlos José Caballero	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sompob Nilwong (Thai: สมภพ นิลวงษ์, born March 28, 1983), simply known as Aek (Thai: เอก), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Sompob Nilwong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Frode Øverli (born August 15, 1968 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian comic strip cartoonist, considered one of the most successful in Scandinavia.	Frode Øverli	Norway
country of citizenship	Marie-Claude Morin (born January 25, 1985 in Trois-Rivières, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 election.	Marie-Claude Morin	Canada
country of citizenship	Jan Rulewski (born April 18, 1944 in Bydgoszcz, Poland) is a Polish politician, activist of Solidarity; a Member of the Polish Sejm (1991-2001) and a Senator (since 2007).	Jan Rulewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Jordan Szoke (born December 30, 1978) is a professional superbike racer from Brantford, Ontario, Canada, North America.	Jordan Szoke	Canada
country of citizenship	Simonne Monet-Chartrand (born on November 4, 1919, Montréal, Canada -- January 18, 1993, Richelieu, Quebec) was a Canadian activist.	Simonne Monet-Chartrand	Canada
country of citizenship	Osman Kulenović (15 December 1889 -- 7 June 1947) was a Croatian politician and lawyer, most notable for serving as the Vice President of the Government of the Independent State of Croatia in 1941.	Osman Kulenović	Croatia
country of citizenship	Andreas Aarflot (born 1 July 1928) is a Norwegian theologian and bishop emeritus in the Church of Norway.	Andreas Aarflot	Norway
country of citizenship	Evison Matafale (died 27 November 2001) was a Malawian Rastafarian whose music rose to popularity in Malawi.	Evison Matafale	Malawi
country of citizenship	Johannes Baptista Montanus (1498 -- May 6, 1551) is the Latinized name of Giovanni Battista Monte, or Gian Battista da Monte, one of the leading humanist physicians of Italy.	Johannes Baptista Montanus	Italy
country of citizenship	Cristian Fernández full name Cristian Fernández Parentini, (born 15 July 1979 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer.	Cristian Fernández Parentini	Argentina
country of citizenship	Amar Roy Pradhan or Amarendra Nath Roy Pradhan (15 August 1930 -- 3 July 2013) was an Indian politician from All India Forward Bloc party.	Amar Roy Pradhan	India
country of citizenship	Reha Muhtar (born 21 July 1959 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish anchorman, columnist and television reporter of Iraqi Turkmen descent.	Reha Muhtar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Alexandre Bóveda was captured on July 20, accused of treason to Spain because of his Galician nationalist ideals, and sentenced to death.	Alexandre Bóveda	Spain
country of citizenship	Alejandro Camacho (born Alejandro Camacho Pastrana on July 11, 1954 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actor and producer.	Alejandro Camacho	Mexico
country of citizenship	In early 2006, Collins toured the United Kingdom in An Evening With Joan Collins, a one-woman show in which she detailed the highs and lows of her career and life, directed by her by-then husband Percy Gibson.	Joan Collins	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Olle Wiklund, born 26 December 1914 in Bergvik, Sweden, dead 31 March 1999 at the same place, was a Swedish cross-country skier.	Olle Wiklund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Thomas Francis Doyle (1893--1968) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 9 March 1936 to 8 March 1943; and then 9 March 1943 to 8 March 1950.	Thomas Francis Doyle	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nathan Buckley was born in suburban Adelaide, South Australia on 26 July 1972.	Nathan Buckley	Australia
country of citizenship	Hector Edwards Gray (18 November 1885--8 March 1957) was a New Zealand jockey and horse trainer.	Hector Edwards Gray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Willi Schatz (1 February 1905 Hannover, Germany -- 17 February 1985 Hannover, Germany) was a Nazi SS-Obersturmführer (Lieutenant) as a SS-KZ Zahnarzt (Concentration Camp Dentist) who served in Auschwitz and Neuengamme.	Willi Schatz	Germany
country of citizenship	Chandra Prakash Gajurel (Nepali: चन्द्रप्रकाश गजुरेल, born April 29, 1948) is a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (CPN-M).	Chandra Prakash Gajurel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Donncoirce (or Donn Corci) was probably king of Dál Riata until his death in 792.	Donncoirce	Dál Riata
country of citizenship	Margret RoadKnight (born July 1943, in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian singer.	Margret RoadKnight	Australia
country of citizenship	Edoardo Isella D'Gómez Ventoza (born October 9, 1980 in Tuxtla Gutierrez, Chiapas) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Santos FC in Brasil Seria A. Before being loaned to Chiapas he had a successful career with Mexican League Champion Chivas Rayadas de Guadalajara which included a brief stint with Mexico national team.	Edoardo Isella	Mexico
country of citizenship	Issad Rebrab (born 1944), is an Algerian billionaire businessman, CEO of the CEVITAL industrial group, the largest private company in Algeria, active in steel, food, agribusiness and electronics.	Issad Rebrab	Algeria
country of citizenship	Daulatram Saran (born 13 January 1924; died 2 July 2011) was a parliamentarian, state minister and leader in Rajasthan, India.	Daulatram Saran	India
country of citizenship	Sangita Santosham is an established performing artist based out of Chennai, India.	Sangita Santosham	India
country of citizenship	Olimpiu Becheș (born on 28 September 1955), is a former Romanian rugby player from Noul Sasesc, Sibiu, Romania.	Olimpiu Becheș	Romania
country of citizenship	Antonella Colonna Vilasi is the President of the Research Center on Intelligence in Rome -Italy- UNI.	Antonella Colonna Vilasi	Italy
country of citizenship	Raul Mälk (Born May 14, 1952 in Pärnu, Estonia) is an Estonian diplomat and a former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia.	Raul Mälk	Estonia
country of citizenship	Frederico Mariath was an admiral in the Imperial Brazilian Navy who participated in the Cisplatine War and some of Brazil's internal conflicts of the early 19th century.	Frederico Mariath	Brazil
country of citizenship	William John Banville was born to Agnes (née Doran) and Martin Banville, a garage clerk, in Wexford, Ireland.	John Banville	Ireland
country of citizenship	Leonardo García Vale (Spanish pronunciation: (leoˈnarðo ɣarˈsi.a); born December 27, 1972 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal) is a Mexican actor.	Leonardo García	Mexico
country of citizenship	Tun Abang Haji Openg was the first Yang di-Pertua Negeri Sarawak (Governor of Sarawak), upon the independence of Sarawak from Great Britain and formation of Malaysia in 1963.	Abang Haji Openg	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Tony Mackintosh is a former New Zealand cricket umpire.	Tony Mackintosh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shireen Benjamin (born 8 September 1988 in London, United Kingdom) was the second holder of the title Miss West Africa, where she represented Sierra Leone at the pageant in London and was crowned Miss West Africa 2009/10.	Shireen Benjamin	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Chandra Bahadur Gurung (Nepali: चन्द्रबहादुर गुरुङ) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).	Chandra Bahadur Gurung	Nepal
country of citizenship	Robert Luketic was born in Sydney, Australia, the elder of two children of an Italian mother and Croatian father.	Robert Luketic	Australia
country of citizenship	Marente de Moor was born in 1972 in The Hague in the Netherlands.	Marente de Moor	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Marolus was the bishop of Milan during an invasion of Italy by the Visigoths and he helped the victims of the invasion.	Marolus	Italy
country of citizenship	Sultan Majid Afandiyev (Azerbaijani: Sultan Məcid Əfəndiyev; Russian: Султан Меджид Эфендиев), also spelled Efendiyev (May 26, 1887 -- April 21, 1938) was an Azerbaijani revolutionary and statesman, one of the founders of the Communist Party of Azerbaijan.	Sultan Majid Afandiyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Soukaina Boukries participated in the 9th season of the show Studio 2M in Morocco and reached the semi-finals of this program after it was exclusion by the Committee.	Soukaina Boukries	Morocco
country of citizenship	Fatos Tarifa (born 1954) is a social scientist and a former diplomat from Albania.	Fatos Tarifa	Albania
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Malek is a Polish born concert pianist originally from Stalowa Wola, Poland, currently residing in Sydney, Australia.	Krzysztof Malek	Poland
country of citizenship	Đặng Phong (1937--2010), born in Hà Tây Province, Vietnam, is a historian specialized in Vietnam's economic history of the 19th and 20th centuries.	Đặng Phong	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Robert Leddy is a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada.	Robert Leddy	Canada
country of citizenship	Marin Dragnea (born 1 January 1956) is a retired Romanian footballer, he earned 5 caps for the Romania national football team, and participated in UEFA Euro 1984.	Marin Dragnea	Romania
country of citizenship	Osman Öcalan (* 1958, Ömerli, Şanlıurfa Province, Turkey) is a Kurdish militant politician and former commander of PKK, a militant Kurdish organization.	Osman Öcalan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jalal Abdi is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Khuzestan in the Iran Pro League.	Jalal Abdi	Iran
country of citizenship	Rónán Ó Snodaigh (born 1 January 1970 in Ireland) is a musician, poet and vocalist from Dublin, Ireland.	Rónán Ó Snodaigh	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ubaldo Cruche (born May 25, 1920 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played for clubs in both Uruguay and Chile as well as for the Uruguay national football team in the Copa América 1941.	Ubaldo Cruche	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Jacob Timpano (born 3 January 1986) in Wollongong, Australia) is a former Australian footballer and current head coach of South Coast Wolves in the National Premier Leagues NSW.	Jacob Timpano	Australia
country of citizenship	Fernanda Souza (born Fernanda Rodrigues de Souza on June 18, 1984 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress	Fernanda Souza	Brazil
country of citizenship	Colonel José Antonio Remón Cantera (April 11, 1908 -- January 2, 1955), was president of Panama from October 1, 1952, until his death in 1955.	José Antonio Remón Cantera	Panama
country of citizenship	Bitòn Coulibaly (also Mamary Coulibaly, 1689?--1755) founded the Bambara Empire in what is now Mali's Ségou Region and Mopti Region.	Bitòn Coulibaly	Mali
country of citizenship	Zeeshan Siddiqi (born October 26, 1976 in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan) is a Canadian cricketer who plays for the Canada national cricket team and has also played for the Karachi cricket team and Pakistan National Shipping Corporation.	Zeeshan Siddiqi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Habte Jifar (born January 29, 1976 in Ambo, Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner.	Habte Jifar	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Paula Lima (born October 10, 1970 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian singer and composer whose music is influenced by bossa, percussion, samba, Brazilian soul international funk and one of judges of Brazilian Idol, Ídolos Brazil (Season 3 and Season 4).	Paula Lima	Brazil
country of citizenship	Prof. Dr. Herbert Walther (born January 19, 1935 in Ludwigshafen/Rhein, Germany -- died July 22, 2006 in Munich) was an internationally acclaimed leader in the fields of quantum optics and laser physics.	Herbert Walther	Germany
country of citizenship	Yashpal Singh (born November 27, 1981, in Delhi, India), is an Indian cricketer who plays for Services in domestic cricket.	Yashpal Singh	India
country of citizenship	Hồ Văn Nhựt (15 July 1905 -- 13 March 1986) was a medical doctor who founded the Southern branch of Red Cross of Vietnam and a South Vietnamese opposition leader during and after the period of resistance against colonialism.	Hồ Văn Nhựt	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Abdullah Entezam Iranian Diplomat (alternatively: Seyed Abdollah Entezam), son of Seyed Mohamad also known as ``Binesh Ali'', leader of Safih Ali Shahi order of dervishes in Iran.	Abdullah Entezam	Iran
country of citizenship	Johannes Eick (born 22 April 1964 in Eidsfoss, Vestfold, Norway) is a Norwegian bassist (double bass and electric bass guitar), the son of bassist and vibraphonist Jürgen Eick (b. 1937), and the older brother of musicians Trude Eick and Mathias Eick.	Johannes Eick	Norway
country of citizenship	Joscelin Yeo Wei Ling (Chinese: 杨玮玲; pinyin: Yáng Wěilíng; born 2 May 1979) is a former Nominated Member of Parliament (NMP) from Nov 2006 to Apr 2011 and a former competitive swimmer from Singapore.	Joscelin Yeo	Singapore
country of citizenship	Nicolas-Henri Jardin (22 March 1720 -- 31 August 1799), neoclassical architect, was born in St. Germain des Noyers, Dept. Seine-et-Marne, France, and worked seventeen years in Denmark as an architect to the royal court.	Nicolas-Henri Jardin	France
country of citizenship	Sukhan Babayev (25 December 1910 -- 28 November 1995) served as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Turkmenistan from October 1951 until December 1958.	Sukhan Babayev	Turkmenistan
country of citizenship	McDonald, Grantley : ``The Emblem of Melancholy in Seventeenth-Century Germany: Andreas Tscherning's Melancholey Redet selber'', in Melancholie--zwischen Attitüde und Diskurs.	Andreas Tscherning	Germany
country of citizenship	Barry Waddell (born 1 January 1937, Western Australia) is one of Australia's best-known cyclists of the 1960s.	Barry Waddell	Australia
country of citizenship	Jorge Fons Pérez (born in Tuxpan, Veracruz, Mexico on April 23, 1939) is a Mexican film director.	Jorge Fons	Mexico
country of citizenship	Oleh Horyslavets (Ukrainian: Олег Гориславець) was born on 15 May 1983 in Kremenchuk, Ukraine) and is a Ukrainian football Defender.	Oleh Horyslavets	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Klaus Dibiasi (born 6 October 1947) is a former diver from Italy, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1964.	Klaus Dibiasi	Italy
country of citizenship	Claudio Spontón (born September 14, 1968 in Malabrigo, Santa Fe, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina, Chile, Mexico and Peru.	Claudio Spontón	Argentina
country of citizenship	Fauzia Yasmin (Born in 1942 in Rajshahi, Bangladesh, also known as Fauzia Khan) was a popular vocal artiste of the then East Pakistan during the 1960s, and of Bangladesh during the '70s, and '80s.	Fauzia Yasmin	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Arundhati Kirkire (Hindi: अरुन्दाठी किरकिरे; b. 20 August 1981 in Indore, Madhya Pradesh) is a Test and One Day International cricketer who represents India.	Arundhati Kirkire	India
country of citizenship	Sajjan Singh Verma is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.	Sajjan Singh Verma	India
country of citizenship	Geoff Bryan (born 1956) is a New Zealand television broadcaster, currently a sports presenter for TVNZ, and most well known for presenting the Olympic and Commonwealth Games since 1988.	Geoff Bryan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Radoslav Suslekov (Bulgarian: Радослав Суслеков, born 13 July 1974) is a boxer from Bulgaria.	Radoslav Suslekov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Gustavo Albella (born August 25, 1925 in Alta Gracia, Argentina -- died 2000) was an Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina, Brazil and Chile.	Gustavo Albella	Argentina
country of citizenship	Maximilian Jaeger (1915--1999) was a Swiss Minister in Budapest from 1936 to 1944 In 1936, Jaeger was transferred to Budapest, where Switzerland had set up an embassy that year.	Maximilian Jaeger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Petchara Chaowarat (Thai: เพชรา เชาวราษฎร์, born January 19, 1943, in Rayong Province, Thailand) is a Thai film actress who starred in around 300 films from 1961 to 1979.	Petchara Chaowarat	Thailand
country of citizenship	Irene Amelia Morales Machado is a pageant titleholder, was born in Achaguas, Apure, Venezuela in 1945.	Irene Amelia Morales Machado	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Enrico Borla is an Italian writer, psychiatrist and psychotherapist, founder and editor of the magazine ``Radure'' Notebooks of psychic material, published in Italy by Moretti&Vitali.	Enrico Borla	Italy
country of citizenship	Tonislav Hristov (Bulgarian: Тонислав Христов; born 18 December 1978, in Vratza, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian filmmaker.	Tonislav Hristov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Vardan Petrosyan was born on February 27, 1959 in Yerevan, Soviet Armenia.	Vardan Petrosyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Albert Edward Bailey (11 June 1868 -- 30 March 1953), better known as Bert Bailey, was a New Zealand-born writer, theatrical manager and actor best known for playing Dad Rudd on stage and screen.	Bert Bailey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mark Fiora (born 16 May 1962 in Mount Barker, South Australia) is a retired Australian international Motorcycle speedway rider.	Mark Fiora	Australia
country of citizenship	Pedro Cervantes (full name Pedro Miguel de Cervantes Salvadores; born October 2, 1933) is a Mexican sculptor who has exhibited in Mexico and abroad as well as created large monumental works for various locations in the country.	Pedro Cervantes	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ishak Ali Moussa (born December 27, 1970 in Attatba (Tipaza), Algeria) is an Algerian former football player.	Ishak Ali Moussa	Algeria
country of citizenship	Aqeel Ahmed (born 14 July 1987, London, United Kingdom), also known by his birthname Mohammed Aqeel Ahmed or M Aqeel Ahmed, is an award-winning British film writer and director, as well as founder of his own creative, film & video production company, Ahmco.	Aqeel Ahmed	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Tanya Dubnicoff (born November 7, 1969 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a retired track cyclist from Canada.	Tanya Dubnicoff	Canada
country of citizenship	Datuk Billy Abit Joo (born 10 May 1949) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Hulu Rajang constituency in Sarawak from 1990 to 2013.	Billy Abit Joo	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Heinz-Christian Strache (born 12 June 1969) is an Austrian politician, a member of parliament and former member of the Vienna city council, who has been Chairman of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) since 2005.	Heinz-Christian Strache	Austria
country of citizenship	Camilla Urso (13 June 1840 -- 20 January 1902) was an American violinist born in France.	Camilla Urso	France
country of citizenship	Sahabi Alhaji Yaú is a Nigerian politician who was elected to represent the All Nigeria Peoples Party as Senator in the Zamfara North district of Zamfara State in 2007.	Sahabi Alhaji Yaú	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Peter von Poehl, born 31 March 1972 in Malmö, Sweden is a Swedish singer-songwriter, composer, musician and director	Peter von Poehl	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jonathan Castroviejo Nicolás (born 27 April 1987 in Getxo, Basque Country, Spain) is a professional cyclist riding for UCI ProTeam Movistar Team.	Jonathan Castroviejo	Spain
country of citizenship	B. C. Kamble is the leader of Republican Party of India (B.C. Kamble).	B.C. Kamble	India
country of citizenship	Rhea Chakraborty (born 1 July 1992 in Bangalore, india) is an Indian Bollywood and Telugu film actress and a Video Jockey on MTV India.	Rhea Chakraborty	India
country of citizenship	The Elaine Summers Dance & Film Company toured extensively in the United States of America as well as abroad, a.o.	Elaine Summers	United States of America
country of citizenship	Colleen Beaumier (born November 8, 1944) is a Canadian politician, who served in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal Member of Parliament from 1993 to 2008.	Colleen Beaumier	Canada
country of citizenship	Sid Ahmed Ghozali (Arabic: سيد أحمد غزالي‎) (born March 31, 1937 in Maghnia, Algeria) is an Algerian politician who was Prime Minister of Algeria from 1991 to 1992.	Sid Ahmed Ghozali	Algeria
country of citizenship	Luis Guillermo Vélez Trujillo (June 17, 1943 -- February 6, 2007) was a Colombian lawyer, economist, and politician who served as Senator of Colombia, ambassador of Colombia to El Salvador and the Kingdom of Norway, and Minister Plenipotentiary of Colombia to the United States.	Luis Guillermo Vélez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Amina Srarfi (أمينة الصرارفي), (born 1958 in Tunis), is the first woman chef d'orchestre in Tunisia.	Amina Srarfi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Soetjipto Soentoro (16 June 1941-- 12 November 1994) was an Indonesian footballer who captained Indonesia's national team.	Soetjipto Soentoro	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Sabrina Herft is a Sri Lankan TV Host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Sri Lanka 2012 and represented her country at the 2012 Miss Universe pageant.	Sabrina Herft	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Edwin Tolton (March 22, 1856 -- December 11, 1917) was a farmer, grain merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Edwin Tolton	Canada
country of citizenship	Hilmi Yarayıcı (born 1969 in Antakya, Turkey) is a Turkish musician best known as the vocalist of Grup Yorum.	Hilmi Yarayıcı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hisanobu Watanabe (渡辺 久信 born August 2, 1965 in Kiryu, Gunma, Japan) is the former baseball player who played in the Japanese professional leagues from 1984-1998.	Hisanobu Watanabe	Japan
country of citizenship	Solomon Levey (1794--1833) was a convict transported to Australia in 1815 for theft who became a highly successful merchant and financier, at one time issuing his own banknotes in New South Wales.	Solomon Levey	Australia
country of citizenship	Frank Benbini (real name Mark Francis Reid), born in Leicester, United Kingdom, is the drummer and one third of the Fun Lovin' Criminals (FLC).	Frank Benbini	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Pedro Flores Garcia (Murcia, 1897 - Paris, 1967) was a painter of the Region of Murcia, Spain.	Pedro Flores Garcia	Spain
country of citizenship	Rogier van der Heide (born 1970 in Bennebroek, the Netherlands) is a designer born in the Netherlands who currently lives in Liechtenstein.	Rogier van der Heide	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Roar Engelberg (born 26 July 1964 in Hamar, Norway) is the first international Norwegian artist on Panpipes, known for his long lasting and fertile cooperation with Stein-Erik Olsen.	Roar Engelberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Evgeniy Malinin (Russian: Евгений Малинин, born 8 September 1986) is a Kyrgyzstan footballer.	Evgeniy Malinin	Kyrgyzstan
country of citizenship	Ihor Drizhchany (born 19 October 1961 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian statesman, and former Head of the Security Service of Ukraine.	Ihor Drizhchany	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Beheydt achieved quite some personal highlights with Cercle: 3rd most goals in the history of Cercle (only Pertry and Weber do better) Top league goal scorer of the team (1976, 1977, 1979, 1980, 1983) Player of the Year (1976,1977) Dirk Beheydt was also capped once for Belgium.	Dirk Beheydt	Belgium
country of citizenship	Arthur Peck was born in Darjeeling, India, the only son of Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Samuel Peck (1858--1908) of Bristol.	Arthur Peck	India
country of citizenship	Peter Schmalfuss (January 13, 1937 -- October 23, 2008) was a German classical pianist born in Berlin, Germany.	Peter Schmalfuss	Germany
country of citizenship	Berndt Rainer von Fieandt (December 26, 1890 -- April 28, 1972) was a Finnish official without party affiliation who served as Prime Minister of Finland in 1957 to 1958.	Rainer von Fieandt	Finland
country of citizenship	Saint Pardus (Italian: San Pardo; 6th century - 7th century) is a Roman Catholic saint associated with Larino in Italy.	Saint Pardus	Italy
country of citizenship	Vida Mary Katie MacLean (4 November 1881--1 July 1970) was a New Zealand civilian and military nurse, hospital matron .	Vida Mary Katie MacLean	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jean Newman (died October 4, 1971) was a municipal politician in Toronto, Canada.	Jean Newman	Canada
country of citizenship	Monica Penders (born 10 February 1964, in Canberra, Australia) is an Australian film producer.	Monica Penders	Australia
country of citizenship	August Willich (November 19, 1810 -- January 22, 1878), born Johann August Ernst von Willich, was a military officer in the Prussian Army and a leading early proponent of communism in Germany.	August Willich	Germany
country of citizenship	Elias Ehlers (born 15 December 1985, Holstebro, Denmark) is a Danish stand-up comedian.	Elias Ehlers	Denmark
country of citizenship	Nhật Sơn, real name Vũ Minh Sơn, Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam, August 29, 1981 - Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam, September 14, 2013.	Nhật Sơn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Arthur Fydell Lindsay (c. 1816 -- 10 May 1895) was a politician in the early days of the colony of South Australia.	Arthur Fydell Lindsay	Australia
country of citizenship	Miguel Sarrias Domingo (19 January 1930 -- 2002) was Medical Director of the Institut Guttmann in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Miguel Sarrias Domingo	Spain
country of citizenship	Astrid Cabral Félix de Sousa (born 1936) is one of the most eminent contemporary poets in Brazil.	Astrid Cabral	Brazil
country of citizenship	Burt Metcalfe (born March 19, 1935 in Saskatchewan, Canada) is a Canadian American television and film producer, director, and writer.	Burt Metcalfe	Canada
country of citizenship	Nicole Lévêque (born January 27, 1951 in Nuillé-sur-Vicoin, France) is a French long distance runner and marathoner.	Nicole Lévêque	France
country of citizenship	Clément Grenier (French pronunciation: ​(klemɑ̃ ɡʁənje); born 7 January 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Lyon and the France national team.	Clément Grenier	France
country of citizenship	Pietra Montecorvino (born 1962 in Naples, Italy), is an Italian singer and actress.	Pietra Montecorvino	Italy
country of citizenship	Michael Paul Welch (born 8 September 1962) is a performer/producer from Barbados.	Michael Paul Welch	Barbados
country of citizenship	Sshakshi Chovan has participated in several Reality Shows on Indian television channels like UTV Bindaas, Mahua and India Now.	Sshakshi Chovan	India
country of citizenship	Tin Maung Ni (May 5, 1938-April 2, 1974) was a Myanmar swimmer who took part in two Olympic Games.	Tin Maung Ni	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Mary Teresa Enright (22 July 1880--21 January 1966) was a New Zealand teacher, journalist and community worker.	Mary Teresa Enright	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Psote (died 300), also known as Bisada, Besada, Abashadi, Abassadius, or Beshada, was a bishop of Ebsay in Upper Egypt.	Psote	Egypt
country of citizenship	Serge Marcil PC (January 20, 1944 -- January 12, 2010) was an educator, administrator and politician in Quebec, Canada.	Serge Marcil	Canada
country of citizenship	Tina Korhonen is a Finnish born music photographer based in the United Kingdom .	Tina Korhonen	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	William Cutolo, christened Guglielmo Cutolo, was born in Potenza in Basilicata, Italy.	William Cutolo	Italy
country of citizenship	Nikoloz Baratashvili, affectionately known as Tato (ტატო), was born in Tiflis (Tbilisi), Georgia's capital, which was then a principal city of Russian Transcaucasia.	Nikoloz Baratashvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Mare Advertencia Lirika, better known as Mare, was born in Oaxaca, Mexico.	Mare Advertencia Lirika	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kiren Rijiju (born 19 November 1971) is Union Minister of State for Home Affairs of India.	Kiren Rijiju	India
country of citizenship	Klaus Waldeck's musical career began in Vienna, Austria when he started piano lessons at the age of six.	Klaus Waldeck	Austria
country of citizenship	Victoria Nolan is a rower for Canada's National Adaptive Rowing Team.	Victoria Nolan	Canada
country of citizenship	Charlotte Marguerite de Montmorency (11 May 1594 -- 2 December 1650) was an heiress of one of France's leading ducal families, and Princess of Condé by her marriage to Henry de Bourbon.	Charlotte Marguerite de Montmorency	France
country of citizenship	Jacob Wester (born November 17, 1987 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish freeskier.	Jacob Wester	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dr. Anil Sahasrabudhe is the present chairman of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE),	Anil Sahasrabudhe	India
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Viola Bell (4 June 1897--25 December 1990) was a New Zealand teacher, sports administrator and community leader.	Elizabeth Viola Bell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Volodymyr Sterniuk (Ukrainian: Володимир Стернюк; 12 February 1907 -- 29 September 1997) was a Ukrainian Greek Catholic archbishop and the acting head of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church (UGCC) in Ukraine from 1972-91.	Volodymyr Sterniuk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Pierre Bieliavsky is a Belgian mathematician born in 1970 in Bruxelles, Belgium.	Pierre Bieliavsky	Belgium
country of citizenship	Thierry Renaer (born 4 March 1976 in Leuven, Vlaams-Brabant) is a field hockey defender from Belgium, who made his debut for the Men's National Team in 1993.	Thierry Renaer	Belgium
country of citizenship	Natasha Klauss was born in Cali, Colombia and raised in Barranquilla, Atlántico, Colombia to a Uruguayan father of Lithuanian Russian descent and a Colombian mother.	Natasha Klauss	Colombia
country of citizenship	Necla Kelek came with her parents from Turkey to Germany at the age of 11 in 1968.	Necla Kelek	Germany
country of citizenship	David Torosyan (Armenian: Դավիթ Թորոսյան, born September 23, 1950 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired Olympic medalist boxer for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent.	David Torosyan	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Raúl López del Castillo (1893 in Cuba - 24 July 1963 in Miami, Florida USA) was a Cuban lawyer and government official.	Raúl López del Castillo	Cuba
country of citizenship	The Biblioteca Nacional Pedro Henríquez Ureña (in English: Pedro Henríquez Ureña National Library) is the national library of the Dominican Republic.	Pedro Henríquez Ureña	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Ednilson was born in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau, moving to Portugal at an early age.	Ednilson	Guinea-Bissau	Portugal
country of citizenship	Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain (Urdu: چودھری شجاعت حسین; 27 January 1946), is a senior conservative politician hailing from Gujrat and business oligarch who previously served as the 14th Prime minister of Pakistan from 30 June 2004 on a temporary basis during a transitional period to accommodate Shaukat Aziz till 28 August 2004.	Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Julio Olalla (born October 27, 1945, in Santiago de Chile) is a former Chilean government lawyer and now the President of The Newfield Network, a boutique consulting company and coaching school in the United States and Latin America.	Julio Olalla	Chile
country of citizenship	Ljupka Gojić (born June 4, 1982 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian model and the face of Givenchy.	Ljupka Gojić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Makarios II (1870 -- June 28, 1950) was Archbishop of Cyprus from 1947 until 1950.	Makarios II	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Born in the town of Ijebu-igbo, Haruna Ishola began recording apala numbers in about 1955, and soon became the most popular artist in the genre, and one of the most respected praise singers in Nigeria.	Haruna Ishola	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jurij Moskvitin grew up in Denmark; his mother a Russian aristocrat and his father was a Danish civil engineer.	Jurij Moskvitin	Denmark
country of citizenship	Mariana Gheorghe was named Most influent woman in Romania by Forbes Romania in 2012 and 2013.	Mariana Gheorghe	Romania
country of citizenship	Annapurna Maharana (November 3, 1917 -- December 31, 2012) was an India pro-independence activist active in the Indian independence movement.	Annapurna Maharana	India
country of citizenship	Mostafa Chatrabgoon was a member of Iran national under-20 football team at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship.	Mostafa Chatrabgoon	Iran
country of citizenship	Mlađan Janović (Montenegrin: Млађан Јановић) (born 12 June 1984 in Kotor, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a member of the Montenegrin National water polo team.	Mlađan Janović	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Soo K. Chan is a practicing architect based in Singapore.	Soo K. Chan	Singapore
country of citizenship	Bernadetta Blechacz (born July 30, 1955 in Kcynia, Kuyavian-Pomeranian) is a former javelin thrower from Poland, who set her personal best in 1979, throwing 62.76 metres.	Bernadetta Blechacz	Poland
country of citizenship	Mir Ghulam Murtaza Bhutto (18 September 1954 -- 20 September 1996), was a Pakistani politician and leader of al-Zulfiqar, a terrorist organisation operating in Pakistan.	Murtaza Bhutto	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Irina Valyukevich (Belarusian: Ірына Валюкевіч; born 19 November 1959) is a retired long jumper who represented USSR and later Belarus.	Irina Valyukevich	Belarus
country of citizenship	He has appeared on Australian and British television and is best known in Australia for his role hosting the music trivia show Spicks and Specks and the talk show Adam Hills Tonight, and in Britain for hosting The Last Leg.	Adam Hills	Australia
country of citizenship	Thomas Dow Jones was born in the United States of America on December 11, 1811, in Oneida County, New York.	Thomas Dow Jones	United States of America
country of citizenship	Christien Meindertsma was born in Utrecht in the Netherlands.	Christien Meindertsma	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Roger Grierson (born June 1957) is a New Zealand musician and music industry executive.	Roger Grierson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Darius Draudvila (born 29 March 1983) is a Lithuanian decathlon and heptathlon track and field athlete, who internationally competes for Lithuania, but lives in the USA.	Darius Draudvila	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Pepe Julian Onziema is an LGBT rights activist from Uganda.	Pepe Julian Onziema	Uganda
country of citizenship	Luis Camnitzer was born in Lübeck, Germany in 1937 and grew up in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Luis Camnitzer	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Hushang Hamidi (born in Iran) is an Iranian Kurdish politician.	Hushang Hamidi	Iran
country of citizenship	Elchin Ismayilov (Azerbaijani: Elçin İsmayılov, born 27 September 1982, Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, Soviet Union) is an Azerbaijani judoka.	Elchin Ismayilov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Giorgos Mazonakis (Greek: Γιώργος Μαζωνάκης) (born on 4 March 1972 in Nikaia, Greece) is a modern Laika and pop Greek singer.	Giorgos Mazonakis	Greece
country of citizenship	Jan Quast (born January 9, 1970 in Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a retired boxer from Germany, who competed in the light flyweight (-- 48 kg) division during the late 1980s, early 1990s.	Jan Quast	Germany
country of citizenship	Adrian Blincoe (born 4 November 1979 in Auckland) is a New Zealand middle distance runner who specializes mainly in the 5000 metres.	Adrian Blincoe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adrián Bianchi (born April 25, 1964 in Morón (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who has played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Uruguay and Venezuela.	Adrián Bianchi	Argentina	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Anastasia Russkikh (born May 20, 1983) is an international badminton player from Gatchina, Russia.	Anastasia Russkikh	Russia
country of citizenship	Bijan Jalali (Persian: بیژن جلالی‎‎; 1927 in Tehran, Iran -- January 2000) was a modern Persian poet.	Bijan Jalali	Iran
country of citizenship	Sadabhau Khot (b 1964) is politician from Maharashtra state of India.	Sadabhau Khot	India
country of citizenship	Edwin Donayre was born on January 8, 1952 in the city of Ayacucho in the highlands of Peru.	Edwin Donayre	Peru
country of citizenship	Patrick van Kerckhoven, alias DJ Ruffneck, is a darkcore or gabber DJ and producer, originating from Alblasserdam, Netherlands.	Patrick van Kerckhoven	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Adama Drabo (1948 in Bamako, Mali- July 15, 2009) was a Malian filmmaker and playwright.	Adama Drabo	Mali
country of citizenship	Banyong Lamsam (born 1933) is a senior banker in Thailand.	Banyong Lamsam	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mary St Domitille Hickey (13 April 1882--20 June 1958) was a New Zealand catholic nun, school principal and historian.	Mary St Domitille Hickey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Buddle (24 December 1812--26 June 1883) was a New Zealand missionary and Methodist leader.	Thomas Buddle	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William Edwardes, 4th Baron Kensington PC (11 May 1835 -- 7 October 1896), also 1st Baron Kensington in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, styled The Honourable William Edwardes between 1852 and 1872, was a British landowner and Liberal politician.	William Edwardes, 4th Baron Kensington	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Eli Degibri (Hebrew: אלי דג'יברי) (born May 3, 1978 in Jaffa, Israel) is an Israeli jazz saxophonist, composer and arranger.	Eli Degibri	Israel
country of citizenship	In perhaps the biggest upset in the history of world-level orienteering, Grant Bluett (Australia) won the men's race to become the first men's World Games orienteering champion.	Grant Bluett	Australia
country of citizenship	Fiame Naomi Mata'afa is a Samoan high chiefess (matai) and a senior member of cabinet in Samoa.	Fiame Naomi Mata'afa	Samoa
country of citizenship	Tom Keenlyside (born 1950) is a Juno Award-winning saxophonist and jazz flute player from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Tom Keenlyside	Canada
country of citizenship	Janet Ann Moore (5 February 1880--11 January 1968) was a New Zealand civilian and army nurse, nursing administrator, hospital matron.	Janet Ann Moore	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ove Joensen (3 December 1948 -- 26 November 1987) was a Faroese seaman and adventurer, the first to row from the Faroe Islands to Denmark.	Ove Joensen	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Christer Sjögren, born 6 April 1950 in Hagfors, Sweden, is a Swedish dansband and rock singer.	Christer Sjögren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Branko Buljevic (born 6 September 1947 in Split, Croatia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a former Croatian Australian football (soccer) player.	Branko Buljevic	Croatia
country of citizenship	Samuel Flynn Scott (born 1978) is a New Zealand musician and composer, and a founding member of The Phoenix Foundation.	Samuel Flynn Scott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Filip Krstić (born 24 September 1988 in Munich, Germany) is a professional football player who presently plays for Carl Zeiss Jena.	Filip Krstić	Germany
country of citizenship	Simón Elissetche (born in Santiago, Chile on September 28, 1977) is a Chilean-Americans football player and manager that previously managed Persita Tangerang in the Indonesia Super League.	Simón Elissetche	Chile
country of citizenship	Eric Pleskow (born April 24, 1924 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian film producer and the former president of the movie studios United Artists and Orion Pictures.	Eric Pleskow	Austria
country of citizenship	Harsh Mankad born in Bombay, is a former world ranked ATP Professional tennis player from India.	Harsh Mankad	India
country of citizenship	Enrique Parejo González (born 1930) is a Colombian politician, ex justice minister, presidential candidate and prominent figure in Colombia since the 1970s.	Enrique Parejo González	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ana Belén Palomo Jiménez (born October 20, 1977 in Algeciras, Cádiz) is a freestyle swimmer from Spain, who competed for her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.	Ana Belén Palomo	Spain
country of citizenship	Dan Perjovschi is an artist, writer and cartoonist born in 1961 in Sibiu, Romania.	Dan Perjovschi	Romania
country of citizenship	Matthias Yao Chih (Chinese: 姚智; pinyin: Yáo Zhì, born 12 January 1956) is a former politician from Singapore.	Matthias Yao	Singapore
country of citizenship	Makers from nearby Brescia experimented, such as Gasparo da Salò, Micheli, Zanetto and Pellegrino but it was Andrea Amati in Cremona Italy, who gave the modern violin family their definitive profile.	Amati	Italy
country of citizenship	Spyrydon Lytvynovych was born on 6 December 1810 in Nadrichne, in Berezhany Raion, in Austrian Galicia (present-day Ukraine).	Spyrydon Lytvynovych	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Eddie Gazo (born 1950-09-12 in San Lorenzo, Nicaragua) is a former professional boxer in the super welterweight (154 lb) division.	Eddie Gazo	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Éric Pécout (born February 17, 1956 in Blois, Loir-et-Cher) is a retired football striker from France, who obtained 5 caps (one goal) for the French national team.	Éric Pécout	France
country of citizenship	Judith Kaufmann (September 20, 1962, in Stuttgart, Germany) is a German cinematographer.	Judith Kaufmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Norman Kershaw Cox (1 December 1869--28 December 1949) was a New Zealand dentist and dental health reformer.	Norman Kershaw Cox	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stéphane Paille (born 27 June 1965 in Scionzier, Rhône-Alpes) is a French former professional footballer who played for the French national team as well as for various clubs sides in France, Portugal, Switzerland and Scotland.	Stéphane Paille	France
country of citizenship	Viktor Bjarki Arnarsson (born 22 January 1983 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is a football player who currently plays for Víkingur, where he came through the youth ranks.	Viktor Bjarki Arnarsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Daud Ali Khan Bahadur was Nawab of Masulipatam in India.	Daud Ali Khan	India
country of citizenship	Sareh Bayat (born October 6, 1979 - Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actress, TV Host and model.	Sareh Bayat	Iran
country of citizenship	Héctor Rivera Pérez (born May 15, 1933) was an auxiliary bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Juan de Puerto Rico.	Héctor Rivera Pérez	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Amir Drori (Hebrew: אמיר דרורי‎; 1937--2005) was an Israeli general, founder and the first director general of the Israel Antiquities Authority.	Amir Drori	Israel
country of citizenship	Fabio Alonso Salgado, better known as Estéfano, born in Cali, Colombia is a musician, singer-songwriter and record producer.	Estéfano	Colombia
country of citizenship	Gerbrand Harkes (also Garbrand Herks, or Herks Garbrand, etc.) (fl. 1539--1590) was a Dutch Protestant who left the Netherlands to avoid religious persecution, and became a bookseller and dealer in manuscripts in England.	Gerbrand Harkes	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Désiré André played a role in the French mathematical community of his time, including the Société Mathématique de France.	Désiré André	France
country of citizenship	Ashok Dave is a Gujarati language humorist and columnist from India.	Ashok Dave	India
country of citizenship	Sergei Khizhnichenko (Kazakh: Сергей Хижниченко; born 17 July 1991) is a Kazakh football player, who plays for FC Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Sergei Khizhnichenko	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Dr. Grace Perry (February 3, 1927 -- 1987) was an Australian poet, playwright and founder and editor of the South Head Press and Poetry Australia magazine.	Grace Perry	Australia
country of citizenship	Nazım Ekren (born December 4, 1956 in Istanbul) was a Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey responsible for economic affairs.	Nazım Ekren	Turkey
country of citizenship	Salim Wardeh (Arabic: سليم وردة) (born on October 1, 1968 in Zahle, Lebanon) was the Minister of Culture in Lebanon until June 2011, when he was replaced by Gaby Layoun.	Salim Wardeh	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Malillany Marín (born December 23, 1980 in La Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-born Mexican actress and model.	Malillany Marín	Cuba
country of citizenship	Carole-Marie Allard (born September 6, 1949) was a Liberal member of Canada's House of Commons.	Carole-Marie Allard	Canada
country of citizenship	Roxanne Potvin (born March 31, 1982 in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada) is a Canadian bilingual Gatineau, Quebec-based singer,guitarist and songwriter.	Roxanne Potvin	Canada
country of citizenship	With ``Les associés'' he sang for several years in small places in France, Belgium, and Switzerland before the release of Bénabar (2001), which raised his profile sufficiently to make him the opening act for Henri Salvador.	Bénabar	France
country of citizenship	Muhammad Jailani Abu Talib (born 1985, Singapore) is a poet, writer and teacher at Bukit View Secondary School.	Muhammad Jailani Abu Talib	Singapore
country of citizenship	Nathu Ram Ahirwar (1 July 1923 -- 5 December 2013) was an Indian politician, social leader, Former Education minister and educationist from the village of Bhamoura Khas in Tikamgarh district of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Nathu Ram Ahirwar	India
country of citizenship	Catherine Colonna (born 16 April 1956) is a French diplomat and political figure, the current Ambassador of France to Italy since 2014.	Catherine Colonna	France
country of citizenship	Peter Drucker was of Jewish descent on both sides of his family, but his parents converted to Christianity and lived in what he referred to as a ``liberal'' Lutheran Protestant household in Austria-Hungary.	Peter Drucker	Austria
country of citizenship	Christian Anders (15 January 1945 in Bruck an der Mur, Austria as Antonio Augusto Schinzel-Tenicolo) is an Austrian singer, musician, composer and author.	Christian Anders	Austria
country of citizenship	Yadollah Kaboli Khansari (born 1949) is a calligrapher from Khansar, Iran.	Yadollah Kaboli Khansari	Iran
country of citizenship	Born in Skopje, Gjoko Zajkov was playing in Macedonia for the youth team of Rabotnichki, until the summer in 2012 when he made his first appearance for the senior team of the club, competing in the Macedonian First League.	Gjoko Zajkov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Dariush Ramezani was born in 1976 in Rasht, a northern city in Iran.	Dariush Ramezani	Iran
country of citizenship	Yehude Simon Munaro (born 18 July 1947) is a Peruvian politician (PHP) and former Prime Minister of Peru.	Yehude Simon	Peru
country of citizenship	The Brazilian violinist Pedro Barreto was born on 04.9.1991 in Campinas, São Paulo state, Brazil.	Pedro Barreto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Trond-Viggo Torgersen (born 14 June 1952 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian physician, broadcaster, television host, comedian, singer, songwriter, artist and former Ombudsman for children.	Trond-Viggo Torgersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Iurie Livandovschi, also spelled Levandovschi (born 17 February 1988, Chișinău, Moldova) is a Moldavian footballer who plays as Forward.	Iurie Livandovschi	Moldova
country of citizenship	Elpida Tsouri (Greek: Ελπίδα Τσουρή, born 1961 in Chios, Greece), is a Member of Parliament in Greece for the majority party, the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).	Elpida Tsouri	Greece
country of citizenship	Camil Ressu (Romanian pronunciation: (kaˈmil ˈresu); 28 January 1880 -- 1 April 1962) was a Romanian painter and academic, one of the most significant art figures of Romania.	Camil Ressu	Romania
country of citizenship	Kapil Muni Karwariya is an Indian Politician and a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.	Kapil Muni Karwariya	India
country of citizenship	Lonely Planet states that ``some of the most spectacular and sensitive photographs of Estonia have been taken by Ann Tenno and published in books which best capture the spirit of Estonian nature.''	Ann Tenno	Estonia
country of citizenship	Walter Brugna (born 28 January 1965) is a retired professional cyclist from Italy.	Walter Brugna	Italy
country of citizenship	Thomas Macdonald-Paterson (9 May 1844 -- 21 March 1906) was an Australian politician, a member of the Parliament of Queensland, and later, the Parliament of Australia.	Thomas Macdonald-Paterson	Australia
country of citizenship	Jack Nasher-Awakemian (born Jack Lord Nasher-Awakemian) born 1979 in Korbach, Germany to his father Dr. Mano Awakemian, and mother Dr. Nasher).	Jack Nasher	Germany
country of citizenship	Julia Solomonoff (born March 4, 1968 in Entre Ríos, Argentina) is an Argentine film actress, producer, film and television director, and screenplay writer.	Julia Solomonoff	Argentina
country of citizenship	Matthew Osman (born 29 July 1983 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian footballer.	Matthew Osman	Australia
country of citizenship	Max Siollun is a Nigerian historian and an expert on Nigerian history with a particular focus on the Nigerian military and how it has affected Nigeria's socio-political trajectory from the pre-colonial era to the present.	Max Siollun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Kaushalendra Kumar is a Member of Parliament for the Nalanda constituency of the India Lok Sabha.	Kaushalendra Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Tarinee Datt Chataut (Nepali: तारिणी दत्त चटौत) is a politician from Nepal.	Tarinee Datt Chataut	Nepal
country of citizenship	David Camps (born 22 May 1990 in France) is a footballer who plays for AJ Auxerre in Ligue 1.	David Camps	France
country of citizenship	Massimo Scaligero, born Antonio Sgabelloni in Veroli, Italy (1906--1980) an Italian spiritual teacher, esotericist and anthroposophist.	Massimo Scaligero	Italy
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Sĩ Bình is a South Vietnam-born Vietnamese American democracy activist.	Nguyễn Sĩ Bình	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Sırrı Sakık (born 1 August 1957, Yürecik, Muş Province, Turkey) is a Turkish-Kurdish journalist and politician, and a member of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey for the Peace and Democracy Party (BDP).	Sırrı Sakık	Turkey
country of citizenship	Christian Maicon Hening (born 25 August 1978 in Blumenau, Brazil), better known under the nickname ``Chris'', is a professional Brazilian footballer who currently plays for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.	Christian Maicon Hening	Brazil
country of citizenship	Louis Buvelot (3 March 1814 -- 30 May 1888), born Abram-Louis Buvelot, was a Swiss-born landscape painter who emigrated to Australia in 1865 and influenced the Heidelberg School of painters.	Louis Buvelot	Australia
country of citizenship	Reverend William Frederick Archdall Ellison (April 28, 1864 - December 31, 1936) was an Irish clergyman, Hebrew scholar, organist, avid amateur telescope maker, and, from 1918 to 1936, director of Armagh Observatory in Armagh, Northern Ireland.	William Frederick Archdall Ellison	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mathias Stubø (born 6 April 1992 in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian musician and DJ in the genre electronica, also known as Proviant Audio.	Mathias Stubø	Norway
country of citizenship	Shih Chih-wei (Chinese: 石志偉; pinyin: Shí Zhìwěi; Wade--Giles: Shíh Chìh-wěi; born August 14, 1977 in Alishan, Chiayi County, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player for the Lamigo Monkeys.	Shih Chih-wei	Taiwan
country of citizenship	In addition to the WHA Stingers, Bill Gilligan played for Brown University (NCAA), Hampton Gulls (AHL), Vienna EV and Klagenfurt AC in Austria and EHC Chur in Switzerland.	Bill Gilligan	Switzerland
country of citizenship	From his international debut in 1995, Akwá represented Angola 80 times, scoring a record 36 goals.	Akwá	Angola
country of citizenship	Chris Sisarich is a fashion photographer and former New Zealand model, who served as a judge on the reality series New Zealand's Next Top Model.	Chris Sisarich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Steve Cain (born 12 December 1958) is a New Zealand professional soccer coach.	Steve Cain	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Assitan Keïta, popularly known as Mamani Keïta (Bamako, 20 October 1965) is a singer and musician from Mali.	Mamani Keïta	Mali
country of citizenship	Ferdi Elmas (born 13 February 1985 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Manisa Büyükşehir Belediyespor.	Ferdi Elmas	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Comrade Dr. Edward Ikem Okeke, born Edward Ikemefuna Okeke II, (August 1, 1942 British Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria -- July 2, 1995 Anambra State, Federal Republic of Nigeria) was a Soviet educated, left wing Nigerian politician, academic, and trade union Leader.	Edward Ikem Okeke	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mohamad Zbida (Arabic: محمد زبيدة‎) (born 20 May 1990 in Damascus, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Mohamad Zbida	Syria
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Martinelli (born 11 March 1955) is a retired road bicycle racer from Italy, who was a professional rider from 1977 to 1985.	Giuseppe Martinelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Andreas Khol was raised in the town of Sterzing in South Tyrol, Italy, but his family eventually relocated to Innsbruck, Austria, where Khol attended school (Akademisches Gymnasium Innsbruck) and served as a Boy Scout.	Andreas Khol	Austria
country of citizenship	Joaquín Ramón Martínez Sabina (Úbeda, Jaén, Spain, 12 February 1949), known artistically simply as Joaquín Sabina, is a singer, songwriter, and poet.	Joaquín Sabina	Spain
country of citizenship	Roman Putin's grandfather, Alexander, was the uncle of the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin.	Roman Putin	Russia
country of citizenship	John Brown Russwurm (1799--1851) was an American abolitionist born in Jamaica to an English father and enslaved mother.	John Brown Russwurm	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Florencio Xatruch (October 21, 1811 -- February 15, 1893), was a general who led the Honduran expeditionary force against William Walker in Nicaragua in 1856.	Florencio Xatruch	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Dhalia's last two films before Indonesia's independence were completed during the Japanese occupation (1942--45):	Dhalia	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Mohsin Fani was a noted Persian historian from Iran.	Mohsin Fani	Iran
country of citizenship	Mangesh Hadawale (born 2 September 1981 in Maharashtra, India) is an Indian film writer-director and ad-film maker.	Mangesh Hadawale	India
country of citizenship	Dolf Roks (born 21 November 1962 in Zierikzee, Zeeland) is a former amateur football player from The Netherlands.	Dolf Roks	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jahangir Razmi (Persian: جهانگیر رزمی‎) (b. December 16, 1947 in Arak, Iran) is an award-winning Iranian photographer and the author of the entry that won the 1980 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography.	Jahangir Razmi	Iran
country of citizenship	Vizma Belševica was born on May 30, 1931, in prewar Riga, then the capital of democratic Latvia, where she spent most of her childhood.	Vizma Belševica	Latvia
country of citizenship	Dnu Huntrakul (Thai: ดนู ฮันตระกูล), born March 26, 1950, is a prominent Thai composer and chamber musician who has been active in the musical life of Thailand since the 1960s.	Dnu Huntrakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jean-Damascène Sallusti (An Deyi) (d. 1781) was an Italian missionary to China, as well as a court painter under the Qianlong Emperor of the Qing dynasty.	Jean-Damascène Sallusti	China
country of citizenship	Óscar Tulio Lizcano (born 1947) is a Colombian conservative politician and a member of the Colombia Conservative Party who was a congressman for the Department of Caldas (a position now taken by his son).	Óscar Tulio Lizcano	Colombia
country of citizenship	Krisztina Sereny (born August 6, 1976) is a professional fitness competitor and pornstar from Budapest, Hungary.	Krisztina Sereny	Hungary
country of citizenship	Stella Pennell (born 22 June 1965 as Stella-Maria van Hattum) represented New Zealand in Karate from 1992 to 1996.	Stella Pennell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juan Pablo Shuk (born 17 November 1965) is a Colombian actor who mnainly works in Colombia and Spain.	Juan Pablo Shuk	Colombia
country of citizenship	Since 2001, Jean-Luc Fillon's began writing numerous compositions in order to introduce the oboe and English horn's originality in improvisation (selected at the European audition of the Paolo Damiani National Jazz Orchestra, recording of several radio broadcast on France Musiques, creation of Ad Lib Production).	Jean-Luc Fillon	France
country of citizenship	Dylan Taite (1939 -- 22 January 2003) was a New Zealand rock music journalist.	Dylan Taite	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aspatos is the pseudonym of writer and scientist Javier Orozco, born 1970 in León, Guanajuato, Mexico.	Aspatos	Mexico
country of citizenship	Isaac de Porthau (also Portau or Portaut; January 30, 1617, Pau -- July 13, 1712) was a Gascon black musketeer of the Maison du Roi in 17th century France.	Isaac de Porthau	France
country of citizenship	Sylvio Mendes Campos Júnior (born 12 April 1974 in São Paulo, Brazil), commonly known as Sylvinho (sometimes alternatively spelled Silvinho) is a retired Brazilian footballer who usually played as an attacking left back.	Sylvinho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Li Sancai (Chinese: 李三才; Wade--Giles: Li San-ts'ai; courtesy name Daofu 道甫; art name Xiuwu 修吾; d. 1623) was an official during the late Ming dynasty in China.	Li Sancai	China
country of citizenship	Wilfried Kanon (born 6 July 1993 in Kaabo, Ivory Coast) is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays as a centre back for ADO Den Haag in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Wilfried Kanon	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Emiliano Chamorro Vargas (11 May 1871 -- 26 February 1966) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 January 1917 to 1 January 1921 and again from 14 March 1926 to 11 November 1926.	Emiliano Chamorro Vargas	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Kristen Skjeldal (born 27 May 1967) is an Olympic champion and cross country skier from Norway.	Kristen Skjeldal	Norway
country of citizenship	Nevena Ignjatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Невена Игњатовић; born in Kragujevac, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia on 28 December 1990) is a Serbian alpine skier.	Nevena Ignjatović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Krishna Maharaj (born 26 January 1939) is a Trinidad and Tobago-born British businessman and brother of Ramesh Maharaj, former Attorney General of Trinidad and Tobago.	Krishna Maharaj	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Herbert Mayr (27 April 1943 -- 6 September 2015) was an Italian politician from the autonomous German province of South Tyrol in Italy.	Herbert Mayr	Italy
country of citizenship	Carol Cheng (鄭裕玲, b. 9 September 1957), commonly referred to by her nickname Do Do, is an actress and host from Hong Kong.	Carol Cheng	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Michelle den Dekker is an Australian Netball World Champion and Commonwealth Games Gold medallist from South Australia.	Michelle den Dekker	Australia
country of citizenship	Isaac Reckitt (1792--1862) was the founder of Reckitt & Sons, a business that emerged to become Reckitt Benckiser, one of the United Kingdom's largest consumer goods businesses.	Isaac Reckitt	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Kostas Karyotakis (Greek: Κώστας Καρυωτάκης, October 30, 1896 -- July 20, 1928) is considered one of the most representative Greek poets of the 1920s and one of the first poets to use iconoclastic themes in Greece.	Kostas Karyotakis	Greece
country of citizenship	Rabbi Hartwig Naftali Carlebach (1889--1967), known as Rabbi Naphtali Carlebach was a leading Rabbi in Berlin, Germany;	Hartwig Naftali Carlebach	Germany
country of citizenship	Alexander Gillies (26 September 1891--19 February 1982) was a New Zealand orthopaedic surgeon.	Alexander Gillies	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Birtukan Mideksa was born in Addis Ababa, the capital city of Ethiopia and attended the Yekatit 12 secondary school (also known as Etege Menen).	Birtukan Mideksa	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	He chose the pseudonym ``Henrique de Curitiba'' to become known in Brazil and abroad under a more commonly and better pronounceable name.	Henrique de Curitiba	Brazil
country of citizenship	Edin Višća (Bosnian pronunciation: (ˈedin ˈʋiʃt͡ɕa); born 17 February 1990) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Edin Višća	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Pierre Bonhomme was born in 1806 in France; he had one sister.	Pierre Bonhomme	France
country of citizenship	During the American occupation of the Philippines, Atang de la Rama fought for the dominance of the kundiman, an important Philippine folk song, and the sarsuela, which is a musical play that focused on contemporary Filipino issues such as usury, cockfighting, and colonial mentality.	Atang de la Rama	Philippines
country of citizenship	Achille Delaere (born 1868, Lendelede, Belgium) was a Flemish priest who served on the Canadian prairies.	Achille Delaere	Belgium
country of citizenship	Virginia Torrecilla Reyes (born 4 September 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Montpellier HSC in France's Division 1 Féminine, having previously played for FC Barcelona in Spain's Primera División.	Virginia Torrecilla	Spain
country of citizenship	George Meniuc (May 20, 1918, Chişinău - February 8, 1987, Chişinău) was a writer from Moldova.	George Meniuc	Moldova
country of citizenship	Armin Tashakkori (Persian: آرمین تشکری‎‎, born 8 December 1986, in Hamedan) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays for Shahrdari Urmia and Iran men's national volleyball team.	Armin Tashakkori	Iran
country of citizenship	Antonija Panda (Serbian Cyrillic: Антонија Панда, March 12, 1977 in Subotica, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sprint canoeist who has competed since mid-2000s.	Antonija Panda	Serbia
country of citizenship	Maria Elena Kyriakou was born on 11 January 1984 in Larnaca, Cyprus and has lived there since then.	Maria Elena Kyriakou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Mohammad Sharif Khan (Born in 1926, Poonch, British India- Died 1980, Pakistan) known as Ustad Sharif Khan Poonchwaley, was a classical player of sitar, vichitra veena and raza been (rudra veena) in the hindustani classical music tradition.	Sharif Khan Poonchwaley	India
country of citizenship	Anatoly Klyan was from Russia, and he was 68 years old when his death occurred.	Anatoly Klyan	Russia
country of citizenship	Stefano Cagol (Trento, September 11, 1969) is an Italian contemporary artist living in Italy, Brussels and New York City.	Stefano Cagol	Italy
country of citizenship	María del Carmen Sotomayor Elzo (c.1780 -- September 24, 1852) was First Lady of Chile.	María del Carmen Sotomayor	Chile
country of citizenship	Andreas Mjøs (born 1 March 1976 in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian musician, record producer and composer, known from a series of performances and albums within Jaga Jazzist.	Andreas Mjøs	Norway
country of citizenship	Slavica Ćukteraš (Serbian Cyrillic: Славица Ћуктераш) (born 28 January 1985 in Šabac, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian pop-folk singer.	Slavica Ćukteraš	Serbia
country of citizenship	Dot Laughton (29 September 1913 -- 8 March 1982) was a top-ranking sportswoman in South Australia representing Australia and South Australia in Cricket and Hockey during the 1930s until retirement in 1953.	Dot Laughton	Australia
country of citizenship	Razak Atunwa (born 17 October 1969) Honourable Speaker Kwara State House of Assembly, Nigeria.	Razak Atunwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Suat Suna (born May 26, 1975) is a Turkish pop singer and composer, one of the consistently best-selling musicians in Turkey.	Suat Suna	Turkey
country of citizenship	Gamal Hamza (Arabic: جمال حمزة‎) (born 5 December 1981 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian former footballer.	Gamal Hamza	Egypt
country of citizenship	After finishing his high school studying, Trọng Tấn went to Hà Nội to apply for the entrance exam of Vietnam National Academy of Music and pass the exam with the help of People's Artist Trần Hiếu, since the People's Artist discovered Tấn's talent.	Trọng Tấn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ali Nasir Muhammad Husani (Arabic: علي ناصر محمد الحسني‎) (born 1939) was twice president of South Yemen and once the Prime Minister.	Ali Nasir Muhammad	Yemen
country of citizenship	Gustav Schübler (*15 August 1787 -- †8 September 1834) was a German naturalist, and the founder of applied meteorology in Germany.	Gustav Schübler	Germany
country of citizenship	Raúl Antonio García Herrera (born September 13, 1962 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran professional footballer.	Raúl Antonio García	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Souéloum Diagho, the contemporary Tuareg poet, comes from Tessalit in the North of Mali.	Souéloum Diagho	Mali
country of citizenship	Preston Ridd (born 1953) is a New Zealand darts player.	Preston Ridd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paul Demiéville was born on 13 September 1894 in Lausanne, Switzerland, a son of a prominent physician in Lausanne.	Paul Demiéville	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Mohamed Alabbar (Arabic: محمد بن علي العبار‎), is a businessman in the real estate and property development industry of the United Arab Emirates and former director general of the Dubai Department of Economic Development.	Mohamed Alabbar	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Abolhassan Jafari (Persian: ابوالحسن جعفری‎‎, born July 21, 1990, in Noor Abad) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Padideh in the Iran Pro League.	Abolhassan Jafari	Iran
country of citizenship	Harisinh Pratapsinh Chavda (30 October 1930 -- 29 June 2013) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Harisinh Pratapsinh Chavda	India
country of citizenship	Kyi Soe Tun (Burmese: ကြည်စိုးထွန်း, pronounced: (tɕì só tʰʊ́ɴ); born 9 December 1945) is a five-time Myanmar Academy Award winning film director, producer and screenwriter of Burmese cinema.	Kyi Soe Tun	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Else Reppen was born in Flekkefjord, Vest-Agder in southern Norway on 14 November 1933 to Nils and Sofie Staaby.	Else Reppen	Norway
country of citizenship	Nailea Norvind (born February 16, 1970 in Mexico City, México) is a Mexican Theatre, television and film actress.	Nailea Norvind	Mexico
country of citizenship	Khalen Young is an Australian racing cyclist who represents Australia in BMX.	Khalen Young	Australia
country of citizenship	Richard Edward Hall (September 17, 1907 -- August 19, 1977) was a theatre owner and provincial politician from Alberta, Canada.	Richard Edward Hall	Canada
country of citizenship	Josephine van Lier (B. 1968, the Netherlands) is a performing cellist specialized in both baroque and contemporary cello residing in Canada.	Josephine van Lier	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Filemon Lagman (March 17, 1953--February 6, 2001), popularly known as Ka Popoy was a revolutionary socialist and workers' leader in the Philippines.	Filemon Lagman	Philippines
country of citizenship	Lamine Diakhate (born September 16, 1928, in Saint-Louis, Senegal - died 1987) was an author, poet and literary critic of the négritude school and has served his country as a politician and diplomat.	Lamine Diakhate	Senegal
country of citizenship	Catherine Lim Poh Imm (Chinese: 林宝音; pinyin: Lín Bǎoyīn, born 21 March 1942) is a Singaporean fiction author known for writing about Singapore society and of themes of traditional Chinese culture.	Catherine Lim	Singapore
country of citizenship	Kasım Gülek (1905 -- 1996) was a prominent Turkish statesman credited with being instrumental in entrenching democracy in Turkey by taking politics to the masses.	Kasım Gülek	Turkey
country of citizenship	Fernando Callejas Barona (born December 1948) is the current mayor of Ambato, Ecuador.	Fernando Callejas Barona	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Daniel Chavarria (born 1933) is a Uruguayan revolutionary and writer, living in Cuba.	Daniel Chavarria	Cuba
country of citizenship	Faramarz Gharibian (Persian: فرامرز قریبیان‎) is an actor and director, born November 17, 1941, Tehran, Iran.	Faramarz Gharibian	Iran
country of citizenship	Jim Ralph (born May 13, 1962) is a media personality and retired professional hockey player from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	Jim Ralph	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohammad Saleem (Urdu محمد سلیم) better known as Saleem Javed is a Pakistani pop singer born in Hyderabad, Pakistan.	Saleem Javed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Attila Stefáni (born 6 November 1973) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Hungary's national team.	Attila Stefáni	Hungary
country of citizenship	Princess Reishi (1078--1144) was an Empress of Japan.	Princess Reishi	Japan
country of citizenship	Daniel Sinapius-Horčička was a Slovak baroque writer, poet, dramatist, composer of hymns and evangelical Protestant preacher who lived during the mid 17th century in what is modern Slovakia.	Daniel Sinapius-Horčička	Slovakia
country of citizenship	George Fairweather Moonlight (5 August 1832--17 July 1884) was a New Zealand goldminer and hotel-keeper.	George Fairweather Moonlight	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nikolai Alekhin (Russian: Николай Алехин; 1913--1964) was a Soviet Union rocket designer.	Nikolai Alekhin	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Born as Naciye Batır, she achieved fame under the stage name Nejla Ateş in Turkey and as Nejla Ates in the United States.	Nejla Ateş	Turkey
country of citizenship	Marko Pjaca (born 6 May 1995) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a winger for Prva HNL team Dinamo Zagreb and Croatia national football team.	Marko Pjaca	Croatia
country of citizenship	Stacey Carr (born 6 April 1984 in Ashburton, New Zealand) is a field hockey midfielder from New Zealand, who made her international debut for the national team in 2003 at a three nations tournament in Japan.	Stacey Carr	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lucas Trelcatius (1542 -- 1602), was a theologian and writer from the Northern Netherlands.	Lucas Trelcatius	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Robert Alexy (born September 9, 1945 in Oldenburg, Germany) is a jurist and a legal philosopher.	Robert Alexy	Germany
country of citizenship	Carlos Alfredo Elías, known by his pseudonym acronym Falls (Buenos Aires, Argentina, 20 October 1970), is a singer and Argentinian composer of pop rock and Ballades.	Carlos Alfredo Elías	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jabulani Sibanda was the chairman of Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association (ZNLWVA), an organisation originally comprising all the veterans that fought during the Second Chimurenga or Zimbabwe War of Liberation which ended in 1979, although he took no part in the war.	Jabulani Sibanda	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Jacques Champagne de Labriolle (4 May 1955) is a French diplomat and France's Ambassador to Nigeria.	Jacques Champagne de Labriolle	France
country of citizenship	Frantz Seimetz (21 April 1858 -- 26 October 1934) was a prolific Luxembourg artist who painted portraits and landscapes in the Impressionist style.	Frantz Seimetz	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Giulio Cesare la Galla (or Julius Cæsar Lagalla or Giulio Cesare Lagalla) (1576--1624) was a professor of philosophy at the Collegio Romano in Italy.	Giulio Cesare la Galla	Italy
country of citizenship	Roger Muraro was born in Lyon, France in 1959, to parents who came from the Venetia region of Northeast Italy.	Roger Muraro	France
country of citizenship	Ilias Stavropoulos (Greek: Ηλίας Σταυρόπουλος; born on 6 April 1995 in Thessaloniki, Greece), is a Winger currently playing in the Football League 2 for Aris.	Ilias Stavropoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Harold Temple White (24 December 1881--8 September 1972) was a notable New Zealand music teacher, conductor, organist and composer.	Harold Temple White	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born Alexander Zwaap in Amsterdam (the Netherlands) as the only child of Wolf Zwaap, a school-teacher, and his wife Sara Olivier, Lex van Delden took piano-lessons from an early age--first from Martha Zwaga and later from the celebrated pianist, Cor de Groot.	Lex van Delden	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Wilson Boit Kipketer (born October 6, 1973 in Kenya) is a middle and long distance athlete most widely known for running the 3000 m steeplechase.	Wilson Boit Kipketer	Kenya
country of citizenship	Taufiq Kiemas (31 December 1942 -- 8 June 2013) was the Speaker of the People's Consultative Assembly of Indonesia from 2009 until his death in 2013.	Taufiq Kiemas	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Henry Ely Shacklock (21 June 1839 - 17 December 1902) was an iron moulder and manufacturer in colonial New Zealand.	Henry Ely Shacklock	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dante Coccolo (born January 27, 1957 in Toulouse) is a French professional bicycle racer, now known primarily for one incident during the Tour de France.	Dante Coccolo	France
country of citizenship	Juan Herrera (born January 12, 1958 in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico) is a retired Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.	Juan Herrera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Yaky Yosha is an international critically acclaimed, award-winning film director from Israel, known for realism.	Yaky Yosha	Israel
country of citizenship	Lorne B. Groom (May 13, 1919 -- July 24, 1994) was an optometrist and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Lorne B. Groom	Canada
country of citizenship	Otto-Ernst Flick (1916-1974) was the oldest of three sons born to Marie and Friedrich Flick in 1916 in Germany.	Otto-Ernst Flick	Germany
country of citizenship	Manuel Antonio Blas Sáenz was the 18th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 20 January to 4 April 1845, who became a dissident acting President from 24 January.	Manuel Antonio Blas Sáenz	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Demetrio Fernández González (born 15 February 1950) is a Spanish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as bishop of the Diocese of Córdoba, Spain since 18 Feb 2010.	Demetrio Fernández González	Spain
country of citizenship	Sanna Lüdi (born February 17, 1986 in Baden, Switzerland) is a Swiss freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross and a former alpine skier.	Sanna Lüdi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Andreas Richter (born 15 September 1977 in Cottbus, East Germany) is a German football former footballer and currently the assistant manager of Energie Cottbus U19.	Andreas Richter	Germany
country of citizenship	Mitsuhiro Yoshimura (born 1973, Kanagawa, Japan) is, primarily, a Japanese musician who is, as of 2008, active in the field of electroacoustic improvisation (eai) and, in particular, the Onkyokei (onkyo) style.	Mitsuhiro Yoshimura	Japan
country of citizenship	Pål Angelskår (born in Oslo, Norway in 1973) is a Norwegian musician from Oslo.	Pål Angelskår	Norway
country of citizenship	Alexis Keller lives in Geneva Switzerland and is married with four kids.	Alexis Keller	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Percival Baker (January 11, 1867 -- July 19, 1921) was a farmer, church minister, and provincial politician in Alberta, Canada.	Percival Baker	Canada
country of citizenship	Sardar Bhupinder Singh Mann, born in Gujranwala (now in Pakistan) on 15 September 1939 was nominated to the Rajya Sabha in 1990 by the Honorable President of India as recognition to his contribution to the farmers' struggle.	Bhupinder Singh Mann	India
country of citizenship	Nick Aplin is the Head of Olympic Studies at the Singapore Olympic Academy, and one of the books on chess he wrote with Tibor Károlyi, Endgame Virtuoso Anatoly Karpov, was The Guardian‍ '​s Chess Book of the Year in 2007.	Nick Aplin	Singapore
country of citizenship	Arvind Vegda is a Gujarati folk singer from Gujarat, India.	Arvind Vegda	India
country of citizenship	Bódalo was born in Córdoba, Argentina, the son of actress Eugenia Zúffoli and actor and singer José Bódalo, Sr. He moved to Spain, and he made over 120 film and TV appearances between 1930 and his death in 1985.	José Bódalo	Argentina	Spain
country of citizenship	Agnes Mulder is a member of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands (PKN).	Agnes Mulder	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Armando Rodríguez-González (born Jorge Gustavo Armando Rodríguez-González on April 23, 1889 in Miraflores, Boyeros, Havana, Cuba - 1965 in Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban composer and musician.	Armando Rodríguez-González	Cuba
country of citizenship	Joseph Charlemont (born 1839 in Lesdain, France - died 1918) was a French savate and Canne de combat teacher.	Joseph Charlemont	France
country of citizenship	Daniel Roekito (born May 19, 1952, in Rembang Regency, Central Java, Indonesia) is the head coach of Persib Bandung football club in Indonesia, having been appointed on November 30, 2010.	Daniel Roekito	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Heinz Riegler (born 1969, Vienna) is an Austrian born artist working between Australia and Europe.	Heinz Riegler	Australia
country of citizenship	Habib Essid (Tunisian Arabic: حبيب الصيد‎; born 1 June 1949) is a Tunisian politician who has been Prime Minister of Tunisia since 6 February 2015.	Habib Essid	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Susana López Charretón (born 19 June 1957 in Mexico City) is a Mexican virologist specialized in rotaviri.	Susana López Charretón	Mexico
country of citizenship	Maryon Lane was born as Patricia Mills in Zululand, a district of Natal province (now KwaZulu-Natal) on the Indian Ocean coast of South Africa.	Maryon Lane	South Africa
country of citizenship	Sir Jude Ejiogu is a Nigerian politician from Imo state, Nigeria who currently serves as the Chief of Staff of Imo State.	Sir Jude Ejiogu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Chris Flook (born February 1, 1973) is an Olympic and national record holding swimmer from Bermuda.	Chris Flook	Bermuda
country of citizenship	Mohamadou Bayero Fadil was born on 19 December 1960 in Garoua, capital of the North Province of Cameroon.	Mohamadou Bayero Fadil	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Maharaja Chhatar Singh Rana (reign 1757-1804 CE) was the ruler of Gohad Jat state in Madhya Pradesh, India.	Chhatar Singh	India
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Fairburn Colenso (29 August 1821 -- 2 September 1904) was a missionary and Bible translator in New Zealand.	Elizabeth Fairburn Colenso	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Albrecht Dold (August 5, 1928, Triberg, Germany -- September 26, 2011) was a German mathematician specializing in algebraic topology who proved the Dold--	Albrecht Dold	Germany
country of citizenship	Stefan Wurz (born October 24, 1964 in Karlsruhe, Germany) is a German composer who specialises in musical theatre.	Stefan Wurz	Germany
country of citizenship	Joel Galley (born 30 July 1990, Palmerston North, New Zealand) is a rugby union player.	Joel Galley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	A review in Black+White magazine stated, ``Andrew Stark's idiomatic and wryly observed urban photographs of Sydney, Australia, represent a vital continuation of documentary street photography, reflecting similar social concerns and the same aesthetic irony as Robert Frank, William Klein and Garry Winogrand.''	Andrew Stark	Australia
country of citizenship	Following the match the Mexico City Boxing and Wrestling Commission, who regulate the Mexican National championships, stripped Psicosis II of the title since the rules state that Mexican National Championships can only be defended in regular matches, not Hardcore matches.	Psicosis II	Mexico
country of citizenship	Daryl Hayott (b. 5 November in São Paulo, Brazil), is an artist and musician who easily plays multiple instruments.	Daryl Hayott	Brazil
country of citizenship	Massimiliano Frani (born 10 January 1967 in Venice, Italy) is an Italian pianist, composer and music pedagogue.	Massimiliano Frani	Italy
country of citizenship	Hans Bernd Gisevius (July 14, 1904 -- February 23, 1974) was a German diplomat and intelligence officer during World War II. A covert opponent of the Nazi regime, he served as a liaison in Zürich between Allen Dulles, station chief for the American OSS and the German Resistance forces in Germany.	Hans Bernd Gisevius	Germany
country of citizenship	Kenneth Kamyuka (born December 5, 1981 in Jinja, Uganda) is a Ugandan born Canadian cricketer.	Kenneth Kamyuka	Uganda
country of origin	The Lives of Mount Druitt Youth is a 2010 documentary film produced, and directed by Saad Adam, covering multiple subjects with intentions of ``living a good life in Mount Druitt'', inspired by Mount Druitt, NSW, Australia, being the place where the director was raised.	The Lives of Mount Druitt Youth	Australia
country of origin	How the Lack of Love Affects Two Men was released in South Korea on 16 November 2006, and on its opening weekend topped the box office with 179,489 admissions.	How the Lack of Love Affects Two Men	South Korea
country of origin	Meat and potato pie is a popular variety of pie eaten in England.	Meat and potato pie	England
country of origin	Empress Chung (Hangul: 왕후심청; hanja: 王后沈淸; RR: Wanghu simcheong) is a 2005 animated feature film, produced in North and South Korea and directed by Nelson Shin.	Empress Chung	South Korea
country of origin	Focaccia is popular in Italy and is usually seasoned with olive oil, salt, sometimes herbs, and may at times be topped with onion, cheese and meat.	Focaccia	Italy
country of origin	The Granny Smith is a tip-bearing apple cultivar, which originated in Australia in 1868.	Granny Smith	Australia
country of origin	Ginisang monggo is a popular mung bean dish in the Philippines.	Ginisang monggo	Philippines
country of origin	The Astra A-80 is a double-action, semi-automatic pistol at one time produced in Spain by Astra-Unceta y Cia SA. The design is similar to the SIG Sauer P220 and features a decocking lever.	Astra A-80	Spain
country of origin	On 18 August 2014, it was announced that Salatut elämät will be on the air until the summer 2018 making the series the longest-lasting drama series of all time in Finland.	Salatut elämät	Finland
country of origin	Duel to the Death is a 1983 Hong Kong wuxia film starring Norman Chu and Damian Lau.	Duel to the Death	Hong Kong
country of origin	Like its predecessor, La Boum 2 was a financial success, earning 4,071,600 admissions in France.	La Boum 2	France
country of origin	Murmur of the Heart (French: Le souffle au cœur) is a 1971 French film by French director Louis Malle that tells a coming of age story about a 14-year-old boy growing up in bourgeois surroundings in post-World War II Dijon, France.	Murmur of the Heart	France
country of origin	Afghan Star is a reality television show competition that searches for the most talented singers across Afghanistan.	Afghan Star	Afghanistan
country of origin	Bild soon became the best-selling tabloid, by a wide margin, not only in Germany, but in all of Europe, though essentially to German readers.	Bild	Germany
country of origin	Dans Paris (English: Inside Paris) is a 2006 film starring Romain Duris, Louis Garrel, Guy Marchand, Marie-France Pisier, and Joana Preiss.	Dans Paris	France
country of origin	Heroes of the City was created in Sweden in 2009, and is broadcast on television in over 70 countries.	Heroes of the City	Sweden
country of origin	Maqluba (Arabic: مقلوبة‎; Turkish: maklube;) is a traditional dish of Jordan and Palestine.	Maqluba	Jordan
country of origin	Peter Edward Stroehling, also spelled Peter Eduard Ströhling, and sometimes Stroely or Straely (1768 -- ca. 1826) was a portrait artist from either Germany or the Russian Empire who spent his later years based in London.	Peter Edward Stroehling	Germany
country of origin	This is Littleton is a 4-part sketch comedy series produced by High Wire Films which premiered in Australia on ABC2.	This is Littleton	Australia
country of origin	The Small Soviet Encyclopedia (Малая Советская Энциклопедия) was a general encyclopedia published in the Soviet Union.	Small Soviet Encyclopedia	Soviet Union
country of origin	Count Cola was a brand of soft drink produced by Ben's Beverage Company Pty Limited, sold in Australia from the mid-1970s until the mid-to-late 1980s.	Count Cola	Australia
country of origin	Narodni list (English: people's paper) is an independent Croatian weekly newspaper published in Zadar, founded in 1862, making it the oldest in Croatia.	Narodni list	Croatia
country of origin	Jasoos Vijay (Hindi: ‍जासूस विजय) is an Indian detective mystery TV series produced by BBC World Service Trust in collaboration with Doordarshan and National AIDS Control Organisation to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS among the masses in India.	Jasoos Vijay	India
country of origin	Upon its release, La Haine received widespread critical acclaim and was well received in France and abroad.	La Haine	France
country of origin	Capital Talk looks at the challenges, issues and concerns facing Pakistan on a daily basis.	Capital Talk	Pakistan
country of origin	Aino and Alvar Aalto brought functionalism to Finland and Iittala in the 1930s.	Iittala	Finland
country of origin	The Crowd Goes Wild is a 30-minute sports entertainment show broadcast on New Zealand nationwide television channel Prime TV.	The Crowd Goes Wild	New Zealand
country of origin	Melody Rules was a New Zealand sitcom created by Geoff Houtman and Mihera Paterson for TV3.	Melody Rules	New Zealand
country of origin	Although filmed in the mid 1960s, Run, Psycho, Run was not released until 1968 in Italy.	Run, Psycho, Run	Italy
country of origin	Chipa is a type of small, baked, cheese-flavored rolls, a popular snack and breakfast food in Paraguay and northern Argentina.	Chipa	Paraguay
country of origin	On September 4, 2007, a 50-episode season of Decisiones began production in Puerto Rico by a division of Telemundo, Telemundo of Puerto Rico Studios.	Decisiones	Puerto Rico
country of origin	Meri Bassai (Nepali: मेरी बास्सै) is a Nepali sitcom television series that began in 2006.It is one of the most viewed television programs in Nepal.	Meri Bassai	Nepal
country of origin	Mortu Nega (English: Death Denied or Those Whom Death Refused) is a 1988 historic film by Flora Gomes, a director from Guinea-Bissau.	Mortu Nega	Guinea-Bissau
country of origin	AMP Business was an early morning business program hosted by Nadine Chalmers-Ross airing on TV ONE in New Zealand.	AMP Business	New Zealand
country of origin	Destroy All Monsters, released in Japan as Kaijū Sōshingeki (怪獣総進撃, lit. ``Attack of the Marching Monsters''), is a 1968 Japanese science fiction Kaiju film produced by Toho.	Destroy All Monsters	Japan
country of origin	Law Enforcers is a 2001 Hong Kong action crime thriller television series produced by TVB and starring Roger Kwok, Fennie Yuen and Nick Cheung.	Law Enforcers	Hong Kong
country of origin	Peepli Live was India's official entry for the 83rd Academy Awards Best Foreign Film category, however it did not get nominated.	Peepli Live	India
country of origin	Luck Luck Ki Baat is an Indian produced ``made-for-TV'' movie on Disney Channel India.	Luck Luck Ki Baat	India
country of origin	Land Systems OMC, a subdivision of BAE Systems in South Africa, began development of the RG41 in early 2008 as a private venture after seeing a need for an affordable combat system.	RG41	South Africa
country of origin	Parsi Cola is a cola-flavoured soft drink produced in Iran.	Parsi Cola	Iran
country of origin	Bhool Bhulaiyaa was a commercial success, netting ₹497 million (US$7.4 million) in India.	Bhool Bhulaiyaa	India
country of origin	Boeddhistische Omroep Stichting (abbr. BOS: English: Buddhist Broadcasting Foundation) is a special broadcaster on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system, which is allowed to broadcast on radio and television because of their religious background.	Boeddhistische Omroep Stichting	Netherlands
country of origin	Fulltime Killer (simplified Chinese: 全职杀手; traditional Chinese: 全職殺手) is a 2001 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Johnnie To, and also written, produced and directed by Wai Ka-fai, and also produced by and starring Andy Lau.	Fulltime Killer	Hong Kong
country of origin	Diario de Navarra (also called El Diario de Navarra; meaning Navarra Daily in English) is a Spanish language regional newspaper based in Pamplona, Spain.	Diario de Navarra	Spain
country of origin	The Academic Male Voice Choir of Helsinki or, in Swedish, Akademiska Sångföreningen (Swedish pronunciation: (akaˈdeːmiska ˈsoŋfœreːniŋen)), abbreviated AS and colloquially referred to as Akademen, is a Finland-Swedish academic male voice choir based in Helsinki, Finland.	Akademiska Sångföreningen	Finland
country of origin	Vampire Cop Ricky was released in South Korea on 9 February 2006, and on its opening weekend topped the box office with 492,272 admissions.	Vampire Cop Ricky	South Korea
country of origin	Kaya toast is a well-known snack in Singapore and Malaysia.	Kaya toast	Singapore
country of origin	Rugby union, or simply rugby, is a contact team sport which originated in England in the first half of the 19th century.	Rugby union	England
country of origin	The Milk of Sorrow (Spanish: La Teta Asustada, The frightened teat) is a 2009 film by Peruvian director Claudia Llosa and co-produced by Peru and Spain.	The Milk of Sorrow	Peru	Spain
country of origin	Penny Crayon is a children's television series that was produced for the BBC in the United Kingdom in 1989.	Penny Crayon	United Kingdom
country of origin	Rehna Hai Teri Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein is an Indian soap opera that aired on NDTV Imagine in India between 2009 and 2010.	Rehna Hai Teri Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein	India
country of origin	Mad Detective (Chinese: 神探) is a 2007 Hong Kong psychological thriller film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-Fai.	Mad Detective	Hong Kong
country of origin	Super Morning is a weekday morning news program airing on TV Asahi, a television station in Japan.	Super Morning	Japan
country of origin	People Just Do Nothing is a BBC television sitcom that was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Three in July 2014.	People Just Do Nothing	United Kingdom
country of origin	News Light is the flagship news program of Light Network News and Public Affairs in the Philippines, it presents round-about newscasts and gives the viewers an alternative view of daily news of which they are part of.	News Light	Philippines
country of origin	Premam released on 29 May 2015 in India with 85 screens in Kerala, followed by the release on 11 June in the UAE and 12 June in the US.	Premam	India
country of origin	Km. 0 is a 2000 film from Spain that tells several intertwining tales of mistaken identity and coincidental meetings (that may not be coincidental) that take place near the Kilometre Zero marker in the Puerta del Sol in Madrid.	Km. 0	Spain
country of origin	Coca Colla is an energy drink produced in Bolivia with the use of coca extract as its base.	Coca Colla	Bolivia
country of origin	Vana Tallinn is widely available in all of the Baltic states (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania), as well as Russia and Finland.	Vana Tallinn	Estonia
country of origin	Killer Meteors, (Chinese: 風雨雙流星) (or The Killer Meteors, Jackie Chan vs. Wang Yu) is a Kung Fu 1976 Hong Kong action film, directed by Jimmy Wang Yu and Lo Wei.	Killer Meteors	Hong Kong
country of origin	CJ7 (Chinese: 長江七號; Cantonese Yale: Cheung gong chat hou) is a 2008 Hong Kong-Chinese science fiction comedy drama co-written, co-produced, starring, and directed by Stephen Chow.	CJ7	Hong Kong
country of origin	New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber.	New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre	Hong Kong
country of origin	Colossus and the Headhunters, also known in its original Italian title as Maciste contro i cacciatori di teste (``Maciste against the head-hunters''), is a sword and sandal film created in Italy and released in 1960.	Colossus and the Headhunters	Italy
country of origin	Suzy's World was a New Zealand educational children's TV programme, presented by Suzy Cato.	Suzy's World	New Zealand
country of origin	The Ninco Company was established in 1993 in Spain.	Ninco	Spain
creator	The Virgin and Child with Saint Anne is an oil painting by Leonardo da Vinci depicting St Anne, her daughter the Virgin Mary and the infant Jesus.	Virgin and Child with Saint Anne	Leonardo da Vinci
creator	Téléfoot is a French football programme created by Pierre Cangioni and produced by TF1 Production for TF1.	Téléfoot	Pierre Cangioni
date of birth	Plato Cacheris (born 1929) is an American lawyer.	Plato Cacheris	1929
date of birth	Constantine IV (Greek: Κωνσταντῖνος Δ', Kōnstantinos IV, Latin: Flavius Constantinus Augustus) (c. 652 -- 14 September 685), sometimes incorrectly called Pogonatos, ``the Bearded'', out of confusion with his father, was Byzantine Emperor from 668 to 685.	Constantine IV	652
date of birth	Carl Peter Stoltenberg (28 January 1770 -- 13 November 1830) was a Norwegian merchant, ship owner and politician.	Carl Peter Stoltenberg	28 January 1770
date of birth	Yamuna Krishnan (born 25 May 1974) is a Professor at the Department of Chemistry, University of Chicago, since August 2014.	Yamuna Krishnan	25 May 1974
date of birth	Park Yeon-mi (or Yeonmi Park; born 4 October 1993) is a North Korean defector and human rights activist who escaped to China in 2007 and settled in South Korea in 2009.	Park Yeon-mi	4 October 1993
date of birth	Ahmed Muradbegović (3 March 1898 -- 15 March 1972) was a Bosniak writer, dramatist and novelist.	Ahmed Muradbegović	3 March 1898
date of birth	James B. Smith (Brooks, Georgia, 1952) is the former United States Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.	James B. Smith	1952
date of birth	Uriel Lynn (Hebrew: אוריאל לין‎, born 2 April 1935) is an Israeli lawyer, former civil servant and politician.	Uriel Lynn	2 April 1935
date of birth	Clara Louise Bell (born 1886) (also known as Clara Louise Janowsky) was an American miniature painter.	Clara Louise Bell	1886
date of birth	Saint Anna Pak Agi (박아기 안나) (1782--24 May 1839) is one of 103 Korean Martyrs.	Anna Pak Agi	1782
date of birth	Harry Gordon Jackett (6 July 1887 -- 3 May 1951) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1935 and 1938 and from 1941 until his death.	Gordon Jackett	6 July 1887
date of birth	Dominico Gibson (born 9 June 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who used to play for Scottish Third Division club East Stirlingshire and Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen F.C..	Dominico Gibson	9 June 1992
date of birth	Paquito Cordero (1932 -- June 30, 2009), was a pioneer of Puerto Rican television.	Paquito Cordero	1932
date of birth	Alessandro Geraldini (also Gerardini or Gueraldini)(1455--March 8, 1524) was a Renaissance humanist scholar at the Spanish court of King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella.	Alessandro Geraldini	1455
date of birth	Terwyn Davies (born 3 April 1979) is a Welsh broadcaster, originally from Ceredigion in Wales, who is currently presenting S4C's farming and rural affairs programme, Ffermio.	Terwyn Davies	3 April 1979
date of birth	Manuel Guillermo Pinto (1783 -- June 28, 1853) was an Argentine general and lawmaker.	Manuel Guillermo Pinto	1783
date of birth	Zhang Xunwei (Chinese: 张迅伟; born 28 February 1989 in Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin.	Zhang Xunwei	28 February 1989
date of birth	Claude of France (13 October 1499 -- 20 July 1524), daughter of Louis XII, inherited the Duchy of Brittany from her mother, Anne, and became Queen of France as the first wife of Francis I.	Claude of France	13 October 1499
date of birth	Brother Joche Albert Ly (8 February 1910 -- 21 April 1951) was a Chinese Marist Brother, and was martyred in Zhejiang, China by members of the People's Liberation Army for denouncing Communism.	Joche Albert Ly	8 February 1910
date of birth	Nic Stene (25 May 1921 -- 20 May 2006) was a Norwegian speed skater, born in Trondheim.	Nic Stene	1921
date of birth	James Hyman (born 18 April 1970) is a DJ, Radio & TV presenter, Music Supervisor, MD of JLH (creative media--marketing company) and founder of The Hyman Archive.	James Hyman	18 April 1970
date of birth	Alfredo Zalce Torres (12 January 1908 -- 19 January 2003) was a Mexican artist and contemporary of Diego Rivera, David Siqueiros and other better-known muralists.	Alfredo Zalce	12 January 1908
date of birth	Angela Adams (born in 1965 on the island of North Haven, Maine ) is an American rug designer.	Angela Adams	1965
date of birth	Giorgos Kyriakakis (Greek: Γιώργος Κυριακάκης) was born in 1967 in Crete where he took his first music lessons.	Giorgos Kyriakakis	1967
date of birth	Rebecca Henderson (born 27 September 1991) is an Australian mountain biker, specialising in cross country events.	Rebecca Henderson	27 September 1991
date of birth	Bekim Christensen (born 17 September 1973) is a Danish retired professional road bicycle racer.	Bekim Christensen	17 September 1973
date of birth	Miran Božovič (born August 12, 1957) is a Slovenian philosopher, associated with the Ljubljana school of psychoanalysis.	Miran Božovič	1957
date of birth	Thomas Pieters (27 January 1992) is a Belgian professional golfer who currently plays on the European Tour.	Thomas Pieters	27 January 1992
date of birth	Wang Xiaotian (simplified Chinese: =王小天; traditional Chinese: 王小天; pinyin: Wāng Xiǎotiān; born 26 August 1988 in China) is a Chinese baseball infielder for the Jiangsu Hopestars.	Wang Xiaotian	26 August 1988
date of birth	Mike Grandmaison (born 1954) is a Canadian nature photographer specializing in landscapes, plants and wildlife.	Mike Grandmaison	1954
date of birth	Henry Barratt born 28 April 1983 in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.	Henry Barratt	28 April 1983
date of birth	Simon Grix (born 28 September 1985) is an Irish international rugby league player for Warrington in the European Super League.	Simon Grix	28 September 1985
date of birth	Joseph Brummer (1883 - 14 April 1947) was a Hungarian-born art dealer and collector who exhibited both antique artifacts from different cultures, early European art, and the works of modern painters and sculptors in his galleries in Paris and New York.	Joseph Brummer	1883
date of birth	Proscovia Alengot Oromait (born 1 January 1993) is a Ugandan university student and politician.	Alengot Oromait	1 January 1993
date of birth	Turpal Tokaev (born 20 November 1984) is Russian-Chechan-Kazakh-Turkish kickboxer and actor of Chechen descent.	Turpal Tokaev	1984
date of birth	Barbara Assoon (born 1929) is a Trinidadian actress and journalist who has been one of her country's public personalities for six decades.	Barbara Assoon	1929
date of birth	Urta Rozenstruik (born 20 May 1975 in Paramaribo) is a Dutch bobsledder born in Suriname.	Urta Rozenstruik	20 May 1975
date of birth	Bacho Kiro (Bulgarian: Бачо Киро) (7 July 1835 -- 28 May 1876) was the nickname of Kiro Petrov Zanev (Киро Петров Занев), a Bulgarian teacher, man of letters and revolutionary who took an active part in the April Uprising.	Bacho Kiro	7 July 1835
date of birth	Linda Geiser (born 13 May 1935) is a Swiss film and television actress best known for her role in the Swiss TV series Lüthi und Blanc as Johanna Blanc.	Linda Geiser	13 May 1935
date of birth	Renato Adriano Jacó Moreira, or simply Renato Cajá, (born 15 September 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Sharjah FC.	Renato Cajá	15 September 1984
date of birth	Rezaul Karim Hira (Bengali: রেজাউল করিম হীরা; born 1 December 1942) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Jamalpur-5 since 1996, and is chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on the Ministry of Land.	Rezaul Karim Hira	1 December 1942
date of birth	Charles Johnson Maynard (May 6, 1845 -- October 15, 1929) was an American naturalist and ornithologist born in Newton, Massachusetts.	Charles Johnson Maynard	1845
date of birth	Karel Destovnik, pen name and nom de guerre Kajuh (Slovene convention: Karel Destovnik -- Kajuh, 19 December 1922 -- 22 February 1944) was a Slovenian poet, translator, resistance fighter, and Yugoslav people's hero.	Karel Destovnik	1922
date of birth	Kennedy Kimwetich (born 1 January 1973) is a retired Kenyan middle distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres.	Kennedy Kimwetich	1 January 1973
date of birth	Peter Throckmorton (1928 -- June 5, 1990 in Newcastle, Maine), was an American journalist and a pioneer underwater archaeologist, frequently described as the Father of Underwater Archaeology.	Peter Throckmorton	1928
date of birth	Jean Romaric Kevin Koffi (born 25 June 1986) is an Ivorian footballer who under contract with the Belgian club Westerlo.	Jean Romaric Kevin Koffi	25 June 1986
date of birth	Mark Sunley (born 13 October 1971) is a former footballer who made 37 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre back for Darlington and Hartlepool United.	Mark Sunley	1971
date of birth	Wikus du Toit (born 18 June 1972) is a South African actor, comedian, composer, and director.	Wikus du Toit	18 June 1972
date of birth	Carl Safina (born 1955) is author of various books and many other writings about how the ocean is changing, lives of free-living animals, and the human relationship with the natural world.	Carl Safina	1955
date of birth	Bill Liao (born William Fu Wei Liao, 1967) is an Australian entrepreneur.	Bill Liao	1967
date of birth	Grigorios Polychronidis (born on 13 August 1981 in Batumi, Georgia) is a Greek boccia player with a Paralympic boccia classification of BC3.	Grigorios Polychronidis	13 August 1981
date of birth	Salvatore Capezio (1871--1940) was an Italian-born shoemaker who established Capezio, one of the world's largest manufacturers of dance apparel and specialized dance shoes including ballet pointe shoes.	Salvatore Capezio	1871
date of birth	Harrie Gommans (born 20 February 1983) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spouwen-Mopertingen in the Belgian Promotion at the fourth level of Belgian football.	Harrie Gommans	20 February 1983
date of birth	Kelsey-Lee Roberts (born 20 September 1991 in East London, South Africa) is an Australian athlete specialising in the javelin throw.	Kelsey-Lee Roberts	20 September 1991
date of birth	Michael Speechley (born 29 April 1964) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the Newtown Jets, the South Sydney Rabbitohs, the Cronulla Sharks and the Parramatta Eels.	Michael Speechley	29 April 1964
date of birth	Monsignor Patrick McKinney was born on 30 April 1954, the eldest son of Irish immigrants Patrick and Bridget McKinney, and brought up in Birmingham.	Patrick McKinney	30 April 1954
date of birth	William L. Reese (born 1921) was a faculty member in the Department of Philosophy, State University of New York at Albany.	William L. Reese	1921
date of birth	Sir Ferdinando Gorges (July 1565 -- May 24, 1647), the ``Father of English Colonization in North America'', was an early English colonial entrepreneur and founder of the Province of Maine in 1622, although Gorges himself never set foot in the New World.	Ferdinando Gorges	1565
date of birth	Helen Garner (born 7 November 1942) is an Australian novelist, short-story writer, screenwriter and journalist.	Helen Garner	7 November 1942
date of birth	Julian Lethbridge (born 1947) is a British Ceylon-born, US-based, British abstract painter and drawer.	Julian Lethbridge	1947
date of birth	Sheena Blackhall (b. Sheena Booth Middleton) was born in 1947 in Aberdeen, daughter of the manager of Strachan's Deeside Omnibus Service, Charles Middleton, and his second cousin, farmer's daughter Winifred Booth.	Sheena Blackhall	1947
date of birth	Asad Qizilbash (born 5 October 1963) is a Pakistani sarod player.	Asad Qizilbash	5 October 1963
date of birth	Abraham Woyna (Wojna; Lithuanian: Abraomas Voina) (1569--1649) was a Roman Catholic priest and auxiliary bishop of Vilnius (1611--1626), bishop of Samogitia (1626--1631) and then bishop of Vilnius (1631--1649).	Abraham Woyna	1569
date of birth	Kerry Kohansky Roberts (born 1975) is an American film producer best known for her work on the 2008 film Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist.	Kerry Kohansky Roberts	1975
date of birth	Lee Radford (born 26 March 1979, in Kingston upon Hull) is an English rugby league coach and former professional rugby league footballer who is currently head coach of Hull FC.	Lee Radford	26 March 1979
date of birth	Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan (Urdu: شفقت امانت علی‎; born 26 February 1965) is a Pakistani classical singer belonging to Patiala Gharana lineage.	Shafqat Amanat Ali	26 February 1965
date of birth	Antonio Herin (born 1896, date of death unknown) was an Italian cross-country skier.	Antonio Herin	1896
date of birth	Yu Lihua (於梨華) (1931 -) is a Taiwanese-American woman writer.	Yu Lihua	1931
date of birth	Jostein Børtnes (born 16 April 1937) is a Norwegian literary historian and Slavist with emphasis on Russian.	Jostein Børtnes	16 April 1937
date of birth	Klaus Zerta (born 25 November 1946) is a retired German rowing coxswain.	Klaus Zerta	25 November 1946
date of birth	Simon Zöllner (1821 -- October 17, 1880) was an Australian iron and steel manufacturer, metal and alloy manufacturer and metal goods manufacturer.	Simon Zöllner	1821
date of birth	Nadège Lacroix (born 30 June 1986) is a Swiss actress, television personality.	Nadège Lacroix	30 June 1986
date of birth	Geoffrey Galt Harpham (born 1946) is an American academic who until recently served as President and Director of the National Humanities Center.	Geoffrey Galt Harpham	1946
date of birth	Sir Hugh Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of the Great Ards (c. 1560 -- 15 May 1636) was an aristocrat and a soldier, known as one of the ``founding fathers'' of the Ulster-Scots along with Sir James Hamilton, 1st Viscount Claneboye.	Hugh Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery	1560
date of birth	Aijaz Ali (born 20 June 1968) is a Pakistani born American former cricketer.	Aijaz Ali	20 June 1968
date of birth	Shamim Hashimi (Urdu/Persian/Arabic: شمیم ہاشمی; Hindi: शमीम हाशिमी ) born Syed Muhammad Shamimuddin on 14 August 1947, is an Urdu and Persian poet.	Shamim Hashimi	14 August 1947
date of birth	William Rooney (29 September 1873--6 May 1901) was an Irish nationalist, journalist, poet and Gaelic revivalist.	William Rooney	29 September 1873
date of birth	Gavin Butt (born 1967) is a British art historian based at Goldsmiths, University of London.	Gavin Butt	1967
date of birth	Alastair MacLennan (born 1943 in Blair Atholl, Perthshire, Scotland) is one of Britain's major practitioners of live art. Since 1975, he is based in Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Alastair MacLennan	1943
date of birth	Osama Alomar (Arabic: اسامة الحويج العمر) born Damascus, Syria, 1968, is a Syrian short story writer poet and essayist.	Osama Alomar	1968
date of birth	W. Bobby Whiteley (born 1871 in Wortley, Leeds -- death unknown) was a rugby union footballer of the 1890s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Bramley, as a Forward, e.g. Front row, Lock, or Back row.	Bobby Whiteley	1871
date of birth	Juan Luis Martínez Martínez (born 26 June 1972) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Regeneration Movement (formerly to the Citizens' Movement. He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Oaxaca.	Juan Luis Martínez Martínez	26 June 1972
date of birth	Luis Candelaria (29 October 1892 - 23 December), was an Argentine Army officer and military aviator who was the first to cross the Andes by aeroplane, in April 1918.	Luis Candelaria	29 October 1892
date of birth	Andrew Cowan (born 13 December 1936) is a Scottish former rally driver, and the founder and senior director of Mitsubishi Ralliart until his retirement on 30 November 2005.	Andrew Cowan	13 December 1936
date of birth	David Waite (born 1951 in New South Wales) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach.	David Waite	1951
date of birth	Arthur G. Robinson (born 1936) was an American bridge player from Villanova, Pennsylvania.	Arthur G. Robinson	1936
date of birth	Evan Gruzis is a contemporary artist born 1979 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA.	Evan Gruzis	1979
date of birth	Gerry Hurley (born 16 May 1984 in Midleton, County Cork, Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster.	Gerry Hurley	16 May 1984
date of birth	Adolph Otto Niedner (1863--1954) was an American gunsmith remembered for pioneering work with cartridges including the .22 Long Rifle and .25-06 Remington.	Adolph Otto Niedner	1863
date of birth	Amir Aly (born 21 July 1976) is a Swedish songwriter and record producer.	Amir Aly	21 July 1976
date of birth	Jean-Claude Larréché (born 3 July 1947) is a French organizational theorist, and the Alfred H. Heineken Chaired Professor of marketing at INSEAD, a post he has held since 1993.	Jean-Claude Larréché	3 July 1947
date of birth	Marcos Evangelista de Morais (born 7 June 1970), known as Cafu (kaˈfu), is a Brazilian former professional footballer.	Cafu	7 June 1970
date of birth	Yngve Hågensen (born 13 July 1938 in Vardø) is a retired Norwegian labour union leader.	Yngve Hågensen	13 July 1938
date of birth	Catherine N. Duckett (born 1961) is the Associate Dean of the School of Science at Monmouth University.	Catherine N. Duckett	1961
date of birth	John M. Bennett (b. 1942, Chicago) is an American experimental text, sound, and visual poet.	John M. Bennett	1942
date of birth	Dame Barbara Mary Quant, Mrs Plunket Greene, DBE, FCSD, RDI (born 11 February 1934) is a Welsh fashion designer and British fashion icon.	Mary Quant	11 February 1934
date of birth	Chromaphase (born 1985 in Lens, France; birthname Matthieu Tondeur) is a Shanghai-based video artist.	Chromaphase	1985
date of birth	Franz von Bayros (28 May 1866 -- 3 April 1924) was an Austrian commercial artist, illustrator, and painter, best known for his controversial Tales at the Dressing Table portfolio.	Franz von Bayros	28 May 1866
date of birth	SK Basheed (born 14 August 1985) is an Indian film director, producer and actor.	SK Basheed	14 August 1985
date of birth	Robert Förstemann (born 5 March 1986) is a German track cyclist specialising in the sprint disciplines and world champion in team sprint in 2010.	Robert Förstemann	5 March 1986
date of birth	Marzena Komsta (born 7 February 1970) is a Polish composer of contemporary music who resides in France.	Marzena Komsta	7 February 1970
date of birth	Gee Vaucher is a visual artist who was born in 1945 in Dagenham, East London (although according to The Story of Crass Gee Vaucher is not her real name).	Gee Vaucher	1945
date of birth	Fiona Campbell (born on 29 June 1981 in Aberdeen, Scotland), also known as Fee or Weefee, is a Scottish cricketer who has represented her country in several international matches.	Fiona Campbell	29 June 1981
date of birth	Bessie Stringfield (1911--1993), nicknamed ``The Motorcycle Queen of Miami'', was the first African-American woman to ride across the United States solo, and during World War II she served as one of the few motorcycle despatch riders for the United States military.	Bessie Stringfield	1911
date of birth	Fiona Dolman (born 1 January 1970) is a Scottish actress best known for playing Miss Pamela Andrews in the ITV daytime drama series and spinoff to The Royal, The Royal Today, and for the role of Jackie Rosemary Lambert Bradley, PC Mike Bradley's solicitor wife in Heartbeat.	Fiona Dolman	1 January 1970
date of birth	Suo Ma (Chinese: 索瑪; born 2 December 1979 in Beijing) is a Chinese volleyball player, and now plays for Guangdong Evergrande.	Suo Ma	2 December 1979
date of birth	Fritz Kienzl (born 1924) was an Austrian luger who competed during the 1950s.	Fritz Kienzl	1924
date of birth	Edward Knight Collins I (5 August 1802 -- 22 January 1878) was an American shipping magnate.	Edward Knight Collins	5 August 1802
date of birth	Salima Hashmi (Urdu: سلیمہ ہاشمی‎) (born 1942) is a Pakistani artist, cultural writer, painter, and an anti-nuclear weapon activist.	Salima Hashmi	1942
date of birth	Arthur S. Reber (born 1940) is an American cognitive psychologist.	Arthur S. Reber	1940
date of birth	Craig Forman (born 1961, in New York City) is a media, technology and telecommunications executive and former Wall Street Journal foreign correspondent and bureau chief.	Craig Forman	1961
date of birth	Rob Goossens (b. Schriek, 1943) pseudonym Rob Goswin is a Belgian artist and poet.	Rob Goswin	1943
date of birth	Arthur Wolfe, 1st Viscount Kilwarden KC (19 January 1739 -- 23 July 1803) was an Irish peer, politician and judge.	Arthur Wolfe, 1st Viscount Kilwarden	19 January 1739
date of birth	Pauline Duvernay or Yolande Marie-Louise Duvernay or Yolande Marie Louise de Varnay (December 1812 -- 2 September 1894) was a noted French dancer.	Pauline Duvernay	1812
date of birth	Soharn Randy Boyagoda (born 1976) is a Canadian writer, intellectual and critic best known for his novels Governor of the Northern Province (2006) and Beggar's Feast (2011) and his biography of Richard John Neuhaus (2015).	Randy Boyagoda	1976
date of birth	Daisy Newman (1904--1994) was born in Britain to American parents.	Daisy Newman	1904
date of birth	John Roy (September 13, 1930--June 13, 2001) was a noted professor in the Art Department at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst from 1964 until his retirement in 1994.	John Roy	1930
date of birth	Andrew Zuckerman (born 1977) is an American filmmaker and photographer.	Andrew Zuckerman	1977
date of birth	Jolanta Ogar (born 28 April 1982, in Brzesko) is a Polish competitive sailor.	Jolanta Ogar	28 April 1982
date of birth	James Lawrie (born 18 December 1990) is a Northern Irish semi-professional footballer who plays for National League side Altrincham.	James Lawrie	18 December 1990
date of birth	Liu Jinguo (simplified Chinese: 刘金国; traditional Chinese: 劉金國; pinyin: Liú Jīnguó; born April 1955) is a Chinese politician and public security official.	Liu Jinguo	April 1955
date of birth	Mariam Ghani (born 1978) is an American multi-media artist, filmmaker, and social activist.	Mariam Ghani	1978
date of birth	Clive Campbell (born 16 April 1955), better known by his stage name DJ Kool Herc, is a Jamaican American DJ who is credited for originating hip hop music in the early 1970s in The Bronx, New York City.	DJ Kool Herc	16 April 1955
date of birth	Helena Angelina Doukaina (c. 1242 -- 1271) was Queen of Sicily as the second wife of King Manfred.	Helena Angelina Doukaina	1242
date of birth	Michael Colton (born 1975) is a screenwriter.	Michael Colton	1975
date of birth	Shangguan Yunzhu (Chinese: 上官雲珠; Wade--Giles: Shang-kuan Yün-chu; 2 March 1920 -- 23 November 1968) was a Chinese actress active from the 1940s to the 1960s.	Shangguan Yunzhu	2 March 1920
date of birth	Rob May (born 15 February 1969, in London) is a musician, songwriter and record producer.	Rob May	15 February 1969
date of birth	Bartomeu Nicolau Morlà, known as Tomeu Penya (Vilafranca de Bonany (Majorca), 1949) is a Majorcan singer-songwriter whose musical work combines the Majorcan folk music, classical rock and roll and country music.	Tomeu Penya	1949
date of birth	Jan Matulka (7 November 1890 -- 25 June 1972) was a Czech-American modern artist originally from Bohemia.	Jan Matulka	7 November 1890
date of birth	Les Cusworth (born 3 July 1954 in Normanton, West Yorkshire) is a former English rugby union footballer and current Argentine Director of Rugby.	Les Cusworth	3 July 1954
date of birth	Stefan Rahmstorf (born 22 February 1960) is a German oceanographer and climatologist.	Stefan Rahmstorf	22 February 1960
date of birth	Jordan King (born 26 February 1994 in Warwick) is a British racing driver from Harbury, Warwickshire.	Jordan King	26 February 1994
date of birth	Stanislav Genchev (Bulgarian: Станислав Генчев; born 20 March 1981) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who currently plays for Montana.	Stanislav Genchev	20 March 1981
date of birth	Paul C. Yang (Chinese: 杨建平; pinyin: Yáng Jiàn Píng; Wade--Giles: Chien-Ping Yang ,1947 in Changhua, Taiwan) is a Chinese-American mathematician specializing in differential geometry and partial differential equations.	Paul C. Yang	1947
date of birth	Knut Henrik Spets (born 7 November 1982 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player, who is currently a free agent.	Knut Henrik Spets	7 November 1982
date of birth	Jörg Jenatsch, also called Jürg or Georg Jenatsch (1596 - January 24, 1639), was a Swiss political leader during the Thirty Years' War, one of the most striking figures in the troubled history of the Grisons in the 17th century.	Jörg Jenatsch	1596
date of birth	Hedi Viisma (born 1979) is an Estonian chromatic kantele artist.	Hedi Viisma	1979
date of birth	Frank Giustra (born 1957) is a Canadian business executive, who has been particularly successful in the mining and filmmaking industries, and is a noted philanthropist.	Frank Giustra	1957
date of birth	Martin Droeshout (/ˈdruːʃaʊt/; April 1601 -- c.1650) was an English engraver of Flemish descent, whose fame rests almost completely on the fact that he made the title portrait for William Shakespeare's collected works, the First Folio of 1623, edited by John Heminges and Henry Condell, fellow actors of the Bard.	Martin Droeshout	1601
date of birth	Michaëlla Krajicek (Czech: Michaela Krajíčková; born 9 January 1989) is a Dutch professional tennis player.	Michaëlla Krajicek	9 January 1989
date of birth	David Graeme Garden OBE (born 18 February 1943) is a British comedian, author, actor, artist and television presenter, best known as a member of The Goodies.	Graeme Garden	18 February 1943
date of birth	Joanne Vaughan (born 1 January 1960) is a British-born Georgian dressage rider.	Joanne Vaughan	1 January 1960
date of birth	Lisa Kay is an English actress, born in 1977 to Peter and Jean Hazel Kay.	Lisa Kay	1977
date of birth	Danny Halliwell ( 23 March 1981 ) is a professional rugby league footballer playing at club level for Halifax (twice), Wakefield Trinity, Warrington, Leigh, Salford, Oldham, Blackpool and Swinton as a Wing, Centre, or Second-row.	Danny Halliwell	23 March 1981
date of birth	Francis Fetherston or Fetherstonhaugh (born c 1575) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1624.	Francis Fetherston	1575
date of birth	Mario Posch (born 18 July 1967) is an Austrian football coach and a former player.	Mario Posch	18 July 1967
date of birth	DJ Semtex (born 1974 in Manchester as John Fairbanks) is an English disc jockey and presenter for BBC Radio 1Xtra digital radio station, presenting the flagship hip-hop show, Friday nights from 22:00-01:00.	DJ Semtex	1974
date of birth	Emily Wheelock Reed (1910 -- May 19, 2000) was a librarian and civil rights activist.	Emily Wheelock Reed	1910
date of birth	Anthony Howe (born 1954, Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American kinetic sculptor who creates wind-driven sculptures resembling pulsing, alien creatures and vortices.	Anthony Howe	1954
date of birth	Simon Rackham (born 1964) is an English composer and artist.	Simon Rackham	1964
date of birth	Georgios Kartalis (Greek: Γεώργιος Καρτάλης, 1908--1957) was a Greek politician.	Georgios Kartalis	1908
date of birth	Maria Grazia Cucinotta (born 27 July 1968) is an Italian actress who has featured in many films and television series since 1990.	Maria Grazia Cucinotta	27 July 1968
date of birth	Zwelethu Mthethwa (born 1960) is a South African painter and photographer.	Zwelethu Mthethwa	1960
date of birth	Morris Ketchum (February 1796 -- January 1, 1880) was an American banker and financier of the 19th century.	Morris Ketchum	February 1796
date of birth	Liza Campbell (born 24 September 1959 as Lady Elizabeth Campbell), is an artist, calligrapher, columnist and writer, born in the north of Scotland and currently living in London, England.	Liza Campbell	24 September 1959
date of birth	Johannes van Laar ('s-Gravenhage, 10 July 1860 -- Montreux, 9 December 1938) was a Dutch chemist who is best known for the equations regarding chemical activity (Van Laar equation).	Johannes van Laar	10 July 1860
date of birth	Richard Beresford (June 3, 1755 -- February 6, 1803) was an American planter and lawyer from Berkeley County, South Carolina.	Richard Beresford	1755
date of birth	Frankie McBride (born 1944, Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland) is an Irish country singer, who rose to stardom in the second half of the 1960s.	Frankie McBride	1944
date of birth	Daniel Bacheler, also variously spelt Bachiler, Batchiler or Batchelar, (baptized 16 March 1572 -- buried 29 January 1619) was an English lutenist and composer.	Daniel Bacheler	16 March 1572
date of birth	Matt Piedmont (born 1970) is an American Emmy winning writer and Sundance award winning director.	Matt Piedmont	1970
date of birth	Keshav Jagannath Purohit (केशव जगन्नाथ पुरोहित) (b. 1923) is a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Keshav Jagannath Purohit	1923
date of birth	Yusef Ahmed Ali (Arabic: يوسف أحمد‎; born 14 October 1988) is a Qatari international footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Sadd.	Yusef Ahmed	14 October 1988
date of birth	Bryan Barber (born November 17, 1970) is a music video and motion picture director.	Bryan Barber	1970
date of birth	Pierre Montazel (1911--1975) was a French cinematographer and screenwriter.	Pierre Montazel	1911
date of birth	Lauchlan Bellingham Mackinnon (1814 - 10 Jul 1877) was the Member of Parliament for Rye, Sussex, England from 1865 to 1868.	Lauchlan Bellingham Mackinnon	1814
date of birth	Prince Franciszek Ferdynant Lubomirski (c. 1710 -- 1774) was a Polish noble (szlachcic) and Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, awarded on 3 August 1762 in Warsaw.	Franciszek Ferdynant Lubomirski	1710
date of birth	Francis Furman (1816-1899) was an American businessman in Nashville, Tennessee.	Francis Furman	1816
date of birth	Bartolomeo Carlo Borsetti (1689 - circa 1759) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period, active in the Piedmont.	Bartolomeo Carlo Borsetti	1689
date of birth	Eric G. Stacey (4 December 1903 -- 11 May 1969) was a British Assistant director and Production manager.	Eric G. Stacey	4 December 1903
date of birth	Michel Nowak (born 1962) is a French judoka and Olympic medalist.	Michel Nowak	1962
date of birth	Captain James Cornewall (1698 -- 11 February 1744) was an officer in the British Royal Navy who became a national hero following his death at the Battle of Toulon in 1744.	James Cornewall	1698
date of birth	Ezequiel Ponce (born 29 March 1997) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Roma.	Ezequiel Ponce	29 March 1997
date of birth	Ivor Ichikowitz (born 1966) is a South African businessman, founder and executive chairman of Paramount Group.	Ivor Ichikowitz	1966
date of birth	Hamidreza Aliasgari (Persian: حمیدرضا علی‌عسگری, born 25 May 1990) is an Iranian football midfielder for Siah Jamegan in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Hamidreza Aliasgari	25 May 1990
date of birth	Teresa Rampazzi (31 October 1914 -- 16 December 2001) was an Italian pianist and composer who was a pioneer of electronic and computer generated music.	Teresa Rampazzi	31 October 1914
date of birth	Sir John Mark Davies KCMG (8 February 1840 -- 12 September 1919) was an English-born Australian politician.	John Mark Davies	8 February 1840
date of birth	Rosemarie Pence (formerly Hannah Pence; born c. 1938) is a German-American woman known for posing as a child Holocaust survivor from the Dachau Concentration Camp.	Rosemarie Pence	1938
date of birth	Neville William Cayley (1886--1950) was a celebrated Australian author, artist and ornithologist.	Neville William Cayley	1886
date of birth	Seifried Helbling (b. 1230) was an Austrian poet.	Seifried Helbling	1230
date of birth	Bert Patrick (né Bertram Arthur Patrick; 5 April 1912 in Denver -- 4 March 1998 in Lakeside, Berrien County, Michigan) was an American bandleader, saxophonist, songwriter, and arranger who flourished from the mid 1930s to the early 1960s -- primarily in Chicago.	Bert Patrick	5 April 1912
date of birth	Jac Bowie (born 3 December 1979) is an Australian radio personality and former entrepreneur and theatrical producer who created The Burlesque Ball, a contemporary burlesque event following the worldwide burlesque revival.	Jac Bowie	3 December 1979
date of birth	Randall Robinson (born 6 July 1941) is an African-American lawyer, author and activist, noted as the founder of TransAfrica.	Randall Robinson	6 July 1941
date of birth	Nematollah Fazeli (born 23 August 1964) is an Iranian anthropologist, author, and translator.	Nematollah Fazeli	23 August 1964
date of birth	Ilyos Zeytulayev (Uzbek: Илёс Зейтулаев, born 13 August 1984) is an Uzbek footballer.	Ilyos Zeytulayev	13 August 1984
date of birth	Yves Lambert (born 1936) is a French aerospace engineer.	Yves Lambert	1936
date of birth	Costanzo Porta (1528 or 1529 -- 19 May 1601) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance, and a representative of what is known today as the Venetian School.	Costanzo Porta	1529
date of birth	Geert De Vos (born 6 October 1981) is a Belgian dart player who plays for the British Darts Organisation.	Geert De Vos	6 October 1981
date of birth	Daria de Pretis (born 31 October 1956) is an Italian judge and law professor.	Daria de Pretis	31 October 1956
date of birth	Reece Simmonds (born 7 January 1980, in Sydney, New South Wales) is a retired Australian rugby league player, who played in the National Rugby League (NRL) for the St George Illawarra Dragons (2002--2006; 2011) and the South Sydney Rabbitohs (2007).	Reece Simmonds	7 January 1980
date of birth	Dewi Rezer (born 29 September 1980) is an Indonesian actress, presenter and model.	Dewi Rezer	29 September 1980
date of birth	Arent Berntsen (12 May 1610 in Bergen -- 29 December 1680 in Copenhagen; also spelled Arennt Berntsen) was a Dano-Norwegian topographical-statistical author, businessman, banker, estate owner and councillor in Copenhagen.	Arent Berntsen	1610
date of birth	Adrian Buoncristiani (born c. 1940) is a former college basketball coach, the head coach for six seasons at Gonzaga University in Spokane, Washington, from 1972 to 1978.	Adrian Buoncristiani	1940
date of birth	Paulin Święcicki (1841--1876) was a Polish-Ukrainian writer, journalist, playwright and translator.	Paulin Święcicki	1841
date of birth	Vasilis Metaxoulis (Greek: Βασίλης Μεταξούλης; born 16 June 1995) is a footballer who currently plays for Aiolos Karpenisiou.	Vasilis Metaxoulis	16 June 1995
date of birth	Antal Pusztai (born 1978) is a classical guitarist who is known as both a jazz musician and a classical musician.	Antal Pusztai	1978
date of birth	Eyolf Dale (born 5 March 1985 in Skien) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer residing in Oslo.	Eyolf Dale	5 March 1985
date of birth	Ruben Barrales (born 1962) is the former Deputy Assistant to President George W. Bush, and was also the Director of the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs.	Ruben Barrales	1962
date of birth	Werner Boy (German: (bɔɪ); 4 May 1879 − 6 September 1914) was a German mathematician.	Werner Boy	4 May 1879
date of birth	Nathan Aleskovsky (1913 -- November 11, 1969) was an employee of The New York Times in the 1950s.	Nathan Aleskovsky	1913
date of birth	David Tibet (born David Michael Bunting, 5 March 1960) is a British poet and artist who founded the music group Current 93, of which he is the only full-time member.	David Tibet	5 March 1960
date of birth	Hassan Hakmoun (Arabic: حسن حكمون‎) (born September 16, 1963) is a New York City-based Moroccan musician.	Hassan Hakmoun	1963
date of birth	Tony Clubb (born 12 June 1987 in Gravesend, Kent) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Wigan Warriors of Super League.	Tony Clubb	12 June 1987
date of birth	Kristinas Astikas (1363 in Trakai -- 1442 or 1444) was a leading Lithuanian noble and statesman of the Astikai family.	Kristinas Astikas	1363
date of birth	Daniel Jeandupeux (born 7 February 1949) is a football manager and retired football Forward.	Daniel Jeandupeux	7 February 1949
date of birth	Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson (born 9 June 1968) is an Icelandic politician for the progressive party.	Gunnar Bragi Sveinsson	9 June 1968
date of birth	Theodore William Moody (26 November 1907 -- 11 February 1984) was an Irish revisionist historian.	Theodore William Moody	26 November 1907
date of birth	Jack Sheffield (born Jack Linley, 1945 in Leeds) is a British author who wrote a series of books of fiction about the headmaster of a village school in a fictional Yorkshire village.	Jack Sheffield	1945
date of birth	Arturo Alfandari (8 June 1888 -- 1 May 1969) was a Belgian diplomat, known as the creator of the language Neo.	Arturo Alfandari	8 June 1888
date of birth	Blessed Nicolò Rusca (20 April 1563 -- 24 July 1618) was an Italian priest who served in Como.	Nicolò Rusca	20 April 1563
date of birth	Jack Dale Mengenen (circa 1922 -- February 8, 2013) was an Australian indigenous artist, painter, and folklorist.	Jack Dale Mengenen	1922
date of birth	Hajjah Hetty Koes Endang (born 6 August 1957) is an Indonesian kroncong singer.	Hetty Koes Endang	6 August 1957
date of birth	Agnes of Montferrat (c. 1187 -- 1207/1208) was the first Empress consort of Henry of Flanders, Latin Emperor of Constantinople.	Agnes of Montferrat	1187
date of birth	Lovísa Elísabet Sigrúnardóttir (born 10 September 1982 in London, England), better known by her stage name, Lay Low, is an Icelandic artist and singer.	Lay Low	10 September 1982
date of birth	Ryan McCluskey (born 2 June 1981) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Fermanagh.	Ryan McCluskey	2 June 1981
date of birth	Muriel Belcher (Edgbaston 1908--1979) was the founder and proprietress of a private drinking club known as the Colony Room (also known as Muriel's) at 41 Dean Street, Soho, London.	Muriel Belcher	1908
date of birth	Maho Hanaoka (Japanese: 花岡 麻帆; born 3 August 1976) is a Japanese former track and field athlete who competed mainly in the long jump and triple jump.	Maho Hanaoka	3 August 1976
date of birth	Carl E. Reichardt (born 1931) is a retired American business executive.	Carl E. Reichardt	1931
date of birth	Maneet Ahuja (born 1984) is an American author, journalist, television news producer, and hedge fund specialist.	Maneet Ahuja	1984
date of birth	Alice Sargent Johnson (born 1882 in Staten Island, New York City; died 1951 in Clifton, Staten Island) was a commercial artist and illustrator.	Alice Sargent Johnson	1882
date of birth	Zana Briski (born 25 October 1966) is a British photographer and filmmaker, best known for Born into Brothels, the 2004 winner of the Academy Award for Documentary Feature, which she directed.	Zana Briski	25 October 1966
date of birth	Robert Sidney, 4th Earl of Leicester (1649--1702) was the son of Philip Sidney, 3rd Earl of Leicester and the former Lady Catherine Cecil.	Robert Sidney, 4th Earl of Leicester	1649
date of birth	Syed Nasir Ali Rizvi (born 5 January 1935), s/o Brig.	Syed Nasir Ali Rizvi	5 January 1935
date of birth	Claud William Wright (9 January 1917, Ellenborough, Yorkshire, England -- 15 February 2010, Burford, Oxfordshire, England), aka Willy Wright, was a senior British civil servant who was also was a notable expert in the disciplines of geology, palaeontology, and archaeology.	Claud William Wright	9 January 1917
date of birth	Pankaj Kalita (Assamese : পন্কজ কলিতা ) (born 31 July 1976) is an Indian Author, Stevia farmer, social worker and entrepreneur.	Pankaj Kalita	31 July 1976
date of birth	Matthew Connell (born 3 August 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League for the Adelaide Crows and West Coast Eagles.	Matthew Connell	3 August 1972
date of birth	Alexandre Camille Taponier (2 February 1749--13 April 1831) commanded an infantry division in several battles during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Alexandre Camille Taponier	2 February 1749
date of birth	Joseph Zerafa (born 31 May 1988) is a Maltese international footballer who plays for Birkirkara as a left back.	Joseph Zerafa	31 May 1988
date of birth	Anders Bircow, (Helsinge, 15 December 1951) is a Danish rock musician and comedian.	Anders Bircow	15 December 1951
date of birth	Danilo Talanskas (born 1950) is the managing director of Otis Elevator Company.	Danilo Talanskas	1950
date of birth	Jeremias Nguenha (19 March 1972, Inhambane - 3 May 2007, Maputo) was a Mozambican musician.	Jeremias Nguenha	19 March 1972
date of birth	Erika Rose (Born 1980) is an American musician.	Erika Rose	1980
date of birth	Robert F. Spetzler (born 1944) is a neurosurgeon and the J.N. Harber Chairman of Neurological Surgery and Director of the Barrow neurological institute in Phoenix, Arizona.	Robert F. Spetzler	1944
date of birth	Erika Giovanna Klien (12 April 1900 -- 19 July 1957) was an artist and art educator.	Erika Giovanna Klien	12 April 1900
date of birth	Margaret Nolan (born 29 October 1943) is an English visual artist, actress and former glamour model.	Margaret Nolan	29 October 1943
date of birth	Rachael Cox (born 13 September 1975) is an Australian Paralympic sailor.	Rachael Cox	13 September 1975
date of birth	Kim Hye-gyong (Chosŏn'gŭl: 김혜경; born 9 March 1993) is a North Korean long-distance runner.	Kim Hye-gyong	9 March 1993
date of birth	Henrietta Dér (commonly known as Heni Dér) (born 17 April 1986, Čantavir) is a Serbian-born Hungarian singer, most notable for being the lead singer of the famous Hungarian band Sugarloaf, which started her solo career.	Heni Dér	17 April 1986
date of birth	Aby Tom Cyriac (Malayalam: എബി ടോം സിറിയാക് ; born 23 June 1989) is an Indian music composer, arranger and programmer.	Aby Tom Cyriac	23 June 1989
date of birth	Walter Michael Ebejer (born 3 August 1929) is a Maltese missionary, lecturer and a retired bishop of the catholic church.	Walter Michael Ebejer	3 August 1929
date of birth	Sahara Khatun was born in Kurmitola in Dhaka on 1 March 1943, to Abdul Aziz and Turjan Nesa.	Sahara Khatun	1 March 1943
date of birth	Nuzhat Katzav (Hebrew: נוזהת קצב‎; Arabic: نزهة كتساف‎, born 1 April 1932) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1974 and 1977.	Nuzhat Katzav	1 April 1932
date of birth	Gordon Hendricks (1917--1980) was an American art and film historian.	Gordon Hendricks	1917
date of birth	Kuldesh Johal (born 25 September 1980 in Huddersfield) is a former professional snooker player.	Kuldesh Johal	25 September 1980
date of birth	Jerzy Tabeau (18 December 1918 in Zabłotów--11 May 2012) was a Polish medical student who was one of the first escapees from Auschwitz to give a fully detailed report on the genocide occuring there to the outside world.	Jerzy Tabeau	1918
date of birth	Kuttikrishna Marar (14 June 1900 -- 6 April 1973) was an Indian essayist and literary critic born in Pattambi, Kerala.	Kuttikrishna Marar	14 June 1900
date of birth	David Russell Jack (5 May 1864, Saint John, New Brunswick--2 December 1913, Clifton Springs, New York) was a Canadian author, editor, publisher, and politician.	David Russell Jack	1864
date of birth	Paul Pavlovich (born March 3, 1970) is an American artist, graphic designer, and musician.	Paul Pavlovich	1970
date of birth	Feliu Gasull (born 1959 in Barcelona) is a Spanish flamenco guitarist and composer.	Feliu Gasull	1959
date of birth	David Welsby (born 25 November 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 1990.	David Welsby	25 November 1969
date of birth	Chung Hyeon (Korean: 정현; Korean pronunciation: (tɕəːŋhjʌn); born 19 May 1996) is a South Korean tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Chung Hyeon	19 May 1996
date of birth	Montagu Love (15 March 1877 -- 17 May 1943), also known as Montague Love, was an English screen, stage and vaudeville actor.	Montagu Love	15 March 1877
date of birth	Said Ahmed Said (born 20 April 1993) is a naturalised Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Portuguese club Olhanense in the Segunda Liga.	Said Ahmed Said	20 April 1993
date of birth	Georgios Zaimis (Greek: Γεώργιος Ζαΐμης, born 28 June 1937) is a Greek sailor and Olympic Champion.	Georgios Zaimis	28 June 1937
date of birth	Karl Tomas Eneroth (born 4 December 1966) is a Swedish politician of the Social Democrats who has been Leader of the Social Democrats in the Swedish Riksdag since 2014.	Tomas Eneroth	1966
date of birth	John Bryan Taylor (born 1928 in Birmingham) is a British physicist known for his important contributions to plasma physics and their application in the field of fusion energy.	John Bryan Taylor	1928
date of birth	Ingvar Gíslason (born 28 March 1926) is an Icelandic politician, formerly the Minister of Education, Science and Culture and the Speaker of the Lower House of the Althing.	Ingvar Gíslason	28 March 1926
date of birth	Dr Sharon Kivland (b. Germany, 1955) is an artist and writer based in Brittany and London.	Sharon Kivland	1955
date of birth	Daasebre Nana Osei Bonsu II, also known as Saint Oswald Gyimah-Kessie (born 31 December 1939) served as the regent of the Kingdom of Ashanti from 25 February 1999 to 26 April 1999.	Nana Osei Bonsu II	31 December 1939
date of birth	Michel Lauzière (born 1954) is a Canadian comedian known for his bizarre visual standup acts.	Michel Lauzière	1954
date of birth	Siegfried Fisiihoi (born 8 June 1987) is a Tongan rugby union player who currently plays as a prop for the Bay of Plenty in the ITM Cup, debuting for them in 2014.	Siegfried Fisiihoi	8 June 1987
date of birth	Kevin Cheng Ka-wing (born 15 August 1969) is a Hong Kong American actor and singer who is currently under the management of the Hong Kong television network TVB.	Kevin Cheng	15 August 1969
date of birth	David Battie FRSA (born 22 October 1942) is a British expert on ceramics with a particular emphasis on Japanese and Chinese artefacts.	David Battie	22 October 1942
date of birth	Emma Cunniffe (born 3 July 1973) is a British film, stage and television actress.	Emma Cunniffe	3 July 1973
date of birth	Melanie Dodd (born 10 May 1973) is an Australian former swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Melanie Dodd	10 May 1973
date of birth	Josip Šikić, sometimes spelled Josef or Joseph and nicknamed Joschi (born 4 August 1929) is a former Croatian footballer.	Josip Šikić	4 August 1929
date of birth	Rainer Krieg (born 2 February 1968 in Birstein) is a German football coach and a former player who is currently the assistant coach at FC Nöttingen.	Rainer Krieg	2 February 1968
date of birth	Workitu Ayanu Gurmu (born 19 April 1987 in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.	Workitu Ayanu	19 April 1987
date of birth	Mpho' Gift Ngoepe (born 18 January 1990) is a South African professional baseball shortstop and second baseman in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization.	Gift Ngoepe	18 January 1990
date of birth	George MacDonald Fraser OBE FRSL (2 April 1925 -- 2 January 2008) was a Scottish author who wrote historical novels, non-fiction books and several screenplays.	George MacDonald Fraser	2 April 1925
date of birth	Barney McAll (born Melbourne, Australia, 1966) is a jazz pianist and composer.	Barney McAll	1966
date of birth	Kari Risvik (born 13 June 1932) is a Norwegian translator, one of the most productive translators of literature into Norwegian language.	Kari Risvik	1932
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Coopman was born on 11 July 1946, in the Flemish (northern Belgium) community of Ingelmunster.	Jean-Pierre Coopman	11 July 1946
date of birth	Tengiz Ugrekhelidze (born 29 July 1981) is a footballer who plays as a defender.	Tengiz Ugrekhelidze	29 July 1981
date of birth	Hais Welday (born 24 October 1989) is an Eritrean middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Hais Welday	24 October 1989
date of birth	Thomas P. Costin, Jr. (born 1926) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 45th Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Thomas P. Costin, Jr.	1926
date of birth	Goran Granić (born 18 April 1950) is a former Croatian centre-left politician who was the deputy prime minister from 2000 to 2002.	Goran Granić	18 April 1950
date of birth	Emperor He of Han (Chinese: 漢和帝; pinyin: Hàn Hé Dì; Wade--Giles: Han Ho-ti; 79 -- February 13, 105) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty who ruled from 88 to 105.	Emperor He of Han	79
date of birth	Nancy P. Dorn (b. 1958) was the United States Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works) from 1991 to 1993.	Nancy P. Dorn	1958
date of birth	Tracy Chu Tsin-suet (born 28 June 1988) is a Hong Kong TVB actress, host and 2012 Miss Hong Kong second runner up.	Tracy Chu	28 June 1988
date of birth	Alwin Kloekhorst (born in Smilde, 1978) is a Dutch linguist, Indo-Europeanist and Hittitologist.	Alwin Kloekhorst	1978
date of birth	Velma Demerson (born 1920) is a Canadian who was imprisoned in 1939 in the Province of Ontario for being in a relationship with a Chinese immigrant.	Velma Demerson	1920
date of birth	Gerhard Trampusch (born 11 August 1978 in Hall in Tirol) is a former Austrian racing cyclist.	Gerhard Trampusch	11 August 1978
date of birth	Lukáš Zelenický (born 10 April 1990) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for DSG Union Perg.	Lukáš Zelenický	10 April 1990
date of birth	Dawson Dawson-Walker (20 December 1868 -- 28 January 1934) was a British Church of England clergyman, classicist, theologian and academic.	Dawson Dawson-Walker	20 December 1868
date of birth	Dean Omori (born Dean Francis Bedwell, 5 July 1968) is an English singer-songwriter, poet, novelist and short film maker.	Dean Omori	5 July 1968
date of birth	Ernst Lörtscher (born 15 March 1913, died 30 November 1993) was a Swiss footballer.	Ernst Lörtscher	15 March 1913
date of birth	Richard Mofe Damijo (popularly known as RMD, born 6 July 1961) is a Nigerian actor and politician.	Richard Mofe Damijo	6 July 1961
date of birth	Michal Peňaška (born 30 August 1986) is a professional Slovak football striker.	Michal Peňaška	30 August 1986
date of birth	John Schnierle (1808--1861) was the thirty-fourth mayor of Charleston, South Carolina, serving from 1842 to 1846.	John Schnierle	1808
date of birth	Hans-Bjørn Foxby (1947 -- 2014) was a Danish mathematician, and a professor of mathematics at University of Copenhagen.	Hans-Bjørn Foxby	1947
date of birth	Gordon Sylvester Wismer (1888 -- December 28, 1968) was a lawyer and political figure in British Columbia.	Gordon Sylvester Wismer	1888
date of birth	Zahid Hamid ( زاهد حميد;b. 24 October 1947), is a Pakistani politician, lawyer, conservative figure, and an entrepreneur who tenured as the Minister of Science and Technology from 22 June 2013 until voluntarily resigning on 21 November 2014.	Zahid Hamid	24 October 1947
date of birth	Jesús María Caínzos Fernández (born in 1947 in Spain).	Jesús María Caínzos Fernández	1947
date of birth	Kyle Cooper (Born July 1962) is an American designer of motion picture title sequences.	Kyle Cooper	1962
date of birth	Udyavara Madhava Acharya (born 25 March 1941, Udupi Karnataka) is an orator, short story writer, poet, actor, choreographer in the media of drama, classical dance and Yakshagana, and an economics professor.	Udyavara Madhava Acharya	25 March 1941
date of birth	So Chau Yim-ping, BBS, JP (born 1927, Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Southern District Board.	So Chau Yim-ping	1927
date of birth	David J. Rudolph (born 1967) is an American Jewish scholar and Director of Messianic Jewish Studies at The King's University who has written books and articles on the New Testament, Second Temple Judaism, Messianic Jews, intermarriage, and Jewish-Christian relations.	David J. Rudolph	1967
date of birth	Alexandre Ubeleski (sometimes Ubelesqui or Ubielesqui), French painter, was born in Paris in 1649.	Alexandre Ubeleski	1649
date of birth	Vicki Robin (6 July 1945) is an American writer and advocate of ``simple living,'' who is best known for her best-selling book, co-authored with Joe Dominguez, Your Money or Your Life:	Vicki Robin	6 July 1945
date of birth	Qamar ul Islam (born 27 January 1948), generally referred as Qamar Sab, is an Indian politician who was former Member of Parliament.	Qamar ul Islam	27 January 1948
date of birth	Potturi Venkateswara Rao (Telugu: పొత్తూరి వెంకటేశ్వర రావు; born 8 February 1934) is an Indian Telugu language journalist.	Potturi Venkateswara Rao	8 February 1934
date of birth	Richard Roy Douglas (12 December 1907 -- 23 March 2015), better known as Roy Douglas, was a British composer, pianist and arranger.	Roy Douglas	12 December 1907
date of birth	Boniface Simutowe (born 13 October 1949 and deceased 23 December 2014) was one of Zambia's greatest midfielders who also had a long career as a coach.	Boniface Simutowe	13 October 1949
date of birth	Jan Smudek (8 September 1915 -- 17 November 1999) was a Czech resistance fighter.	Jan Smudek	8 September 1915
date of birth	Allan Greenberg (born September 1938) is an American architect and one of the leading classical architects of the twenty-first century, also known as New Classical Architecture.	Allan Greenberg	1938
date of birth	Sir Sydney Kentridge KCMG, QC (born 5 November 1922) is a South African-born former lawyer, judge and member of the English Bar.	Sydney Kentridge	5 November 1922
date of birth	Milan Gombala (born 29 January 1968 in Lučenec) is a retired Czech long jumper, best known for his silver medal at the 1994 European Championships.	Milan Gombala	29 January 1968
date of birth	Christopher Kostow (born 1976) is Executive Chef at The Restaurant at Meadowood in Napa Valley, California.	Christopher Kostow	1976
date of birth	Daniel Lipšic (born 8 July 1973) is a Slovak politician and Jurist.	Daniel Lipšic	8 July 1973
date of birth	Thomas Lopez, aka Meatball Fulton, (born 1935) is president of the ZBS Foundation and one of the foundation's founders.	Thomas Lopez	1935
date of birth	Lam Wai Kit (Chinese: 林慧潔; Pinyin: Lin Huijie; born 1966) is a Chinese artist born in Hong Kong.	Lam Wai Kit	1966
date of birth	Johanna Bennett (born 30 September 1984 in Peterborough, England) co-wrote the Arctic Monkeys single ``Fluorescent Adolescent'' with her then-boyfriend Alex Turner.	Johanna Bennett	30 September 1984
date of birth	Mark Lorenzen (born 1966) is a video game designer and former entrepreneur.	Mark Lorenzen	1966
date of birth	Emily Chebet Muge (born 18 February 1986) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in the 10,000 metres and cross country running.	Emily Chebet	18 February 1986
date of birth	James Victore (born in 1962, in the city of Mountain Home, Idaho) is an American art director, designer, and author.	James Victore	1962
date of birth	Van Jacobson (born 1950) is an American computer scientist, renowned for his work on TCP/IP network performance and scaling.	Van Jacobson	1950
date of birth	Bridget McKeever (born 2 February 1983 in Ballymoney) is a field hockey midfielder and defender from Northern Ireland, who made her international debut for the Ireland Women's National Team in 2003 against Japan.	Bridget McKeever	2 February 1983
date of birth	Hannah Stodel (born 26 August 1985) is a British Paralympic sailor.	Hannah Stodel	26 August 1985
date of birth	Idelphonse Nizeyimana (born 5 October 1963) is a Rwandan soldier, who is alleged to have participated in the Rwandan Genocide.	Idelphonse Nizeyimana	5 October 1963
date of birth	Harry Davy (born 1872) was an English professional footballer.	Harry Davy	1872
date of birth	Sreekanth Vanga(Telugu:శ్రీకాంత్ వంగా) (28 August 1987) was an Indian film screenwriter from Telugu Cinema.	Sreekanth Vanga	28 August 1987
date of birth	John Hartle (born 22 December 1933) was an English professional road racer who competed in national, international and Grand Prix motorcycle events.	John Hartle	22 December 1933
date of birth	Sergio Brighenti (born 23 September 1932) is an Italian former football player and coach.	Sergio Brighenti	23 September 1932
date of birth	Lawrence Weiskrantz (born 28 March 1926) is a British psychologist, who discovered the phenomenon of blindsight, which is the voluntary visually evoked response to a stimulus presented within a scotoma.	Lawrence Weiskrantz	28 March 1926
date of birth	Daniel Hoevels (born 10 March 1978) is a Swedish-born German theater actor.	Daniel Hoevels	10 March 1978
date of birth	Nicholas Yang Wei-hsiung (Chinese: 楊偉雄, born 22 April 1955 in Taiwan) is the Secretary for Innovation and Technology of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region since November, 2015, who has also served as the Executive Vice President of Hong Kong Polytechnic University.	Nicholas Yang	1955
date of birth	Herbie Jones (born Herbert Robert Jones) (March 23, 1926, Miami - March 19, 2001, New York City) was an American jazz trumpeter and arranger.	Herbie Jones	1926
date of birth	Abdel Meguid Mahmoud (Arabic: عبد المجيد محمود‎; born 1946) was the Egypt Attorney General from 2006 to 5 July 2013.	Abdel Meguid Mahmoud	1946
date of birth	Peter Soriano (born 23 September 1959) is a contemporary French-American artist and sculptor whose work has been exhibited in galleries and museums since 1994.	Peter Soriano	23 September 1959
date of birth	Liu Congyi (劉從一) (742 -- November 4, 785) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Liu Congyi	742
date of birth	Marla Lukofsky (Russian: Марла Луковский; born 1956) is a Canadian veteran stand-up comedian.	Marla Lukofsky	1956
date of birth	Adolf Strauss (6 September 1879 -- 20 March 1973) was a German Generaloberst (``Colonel General'').	Adolf Strauss	6 September 1879
date of birth	Nino Raspudić (3 November 1975) is a Croatian conservative philosopher, writer and political analyst.	Nino Raspudić	3 November 1975
date of birth	Ahmed Raouf (born 15 September 1982) is an Egyptian footballer in Al-Masry.	Ahmed Raouf	15 September 1982
date of birth	Jeffrey Lorberbaum (born 1954) is an American billionaire and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Calhoun, Georgia-based Mohawk Industries, one of the world's largest flooring companies.	Jeffrey Lorberbaum	1954
date of birth	Erol Erdinç (born 30 November 1945) is a Turkish conductor of classical music, composer, pianist and educator.	Erol Erdinç	30 November 1945
date of birth	Kellye Nakahara (born 1950) is an American actress, best known for playing Nurse Kellye in 165 episodes of the television comedy M*A*S*H.	Kellye Nakahara	1950
date of birth	Erika Ritter (born 26 April 1948) is a Canadian playwright and humorist.	Erika Ritter	26 April 1948
date of birth	Halvor Kleppen (born 3 September 1947 in Bø, Telemark) is a Norwegian media personality, theme park owner and writer.	Halvor Kleppen	3 September 1947
date of birth	Georgios Katrougalos (born 27 March 1963) is a Greek jurist and politician who is the current Minister of Labour, Social Insurance and Social Solidarity in the Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras.	Georgios Katrougalos	27 March 1963
date of birth	Rob Delahaye (born 24 June 1959) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played for MVV between 1980 and 1994, making nearly 200 appearances.	Rob Delahaye	24 June 1959
date of birth	Maurice Bidermann, real name Maurice Zylberberg, (Anderlecht, 4 April 1932 in Belgium) is an industrialist in the textile sector, descendent from Polish Jews.	Maurice Bidermann	1932
date of birth	James Watson Webb II (known as James, Sr.) (1884 -- March 4, 1960) was an American polo champion.	James Watson Webb II	1884
date of birth	Debu Mitra (born 7 August 1948) is a former Indian first-class cricketer who played for Bengal cricket team from 1968/69 to 1973/74.	Debu Mitra	7 August 1948
date of birth	Ricardo do Pilar (1635--1700) was a Brazilian monk and painter.	Ricardo do Pilar	1635
date of birth	Sir Henry Worsley, 2nd Baronet (1613--11 September 1666) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England in 1640 and from 1660 to 1666.	Sir Henry Worsley, 2nd Baronet	1613
date of birth	Bob Teague (born 1929 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin -- died March 28, 2013 in New Brunswick, New Jersey) was an African-American college football star and television news-reporter.	Bob Teague	1929
date of birth	Dr. Mourad Dhina (Arabic: مراد دهينة‎; born 6 August 1961) is an Algerian physicist and activist living in Switzerland.	Mourad Dhina	6 August 1961
date of birth	Yves Brunier (born in 1943) is a French puppeteer.	Yves Brunier	1943
date of birth	Samir Brahimi is an Algerian boxer born on 17 May 1990.	Samir Brahimi	17 May 1990
date of birth	Bon Harris (born Vaughan David Harris, 12 August 1965 in Chelmsford, Essex, England) is an English composer, producer, singer and song writer, and multi-instrumentalist.	Bon Harris	12 August 1965
date of birth	Mohamad Jaamour (Arabic: محمد جعمور‎) (born 15 October 1991 in Al Houlah, Homs, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Mohamad Jaamour	15 October 1991
date of birth	Iveta Mukuchyan (Armenian: Իվետա Մուկուչյան, born 14 October 1986) is an Armenian singer and model, who grew up in Hamburg, Germany.	Iveta Mukuchyan	14 October 1986
date of birth	Rachel Ferguson, (1892--1957) was an English novelist, playwright and journalist.	Rachel Ferguson	1892
date of birth	Abraham Judah ha-Kohen Schwartz (1824--1883), also known by his responsa as the Kol Aryeh, was one of the leading Hungarian rabbis of the nineteenth century.	Abraham Judah ha-Kohen Schwartz	1824
date of birth	Barend Klaas Kuiper, 1877-1961 was a history professor and author who wrote about Dutch Calvinist church history and the Protestant Reformation.	Barend Klaas Kuiper	1877
date of birth	Nayland Blake (born 1960 New York, NY) is an artist whose mixed-media work has been variously described as disturbing, provocative, elusive, tormented, sinister, hysterical, brutal, and tender.	Nayland Blake	1960
date of birth	Partha Pratim Majumder (born 18 January 1954) is a Bangladeshi mime artist who is considered the ``forerunner'' of mime art in Bangladesh.	Partha Pratim Majumder	18 January 1954
date of birth	Ferdinand Huddleston (1812 in England -- 1 July 1890 at Bembridge, Isle of Wight) was an English cricketer.	Ferdinand Huddleston	1812
date of birth	Valentina Sulpizio (born 18 August 1984), is an Italian professional tennis player.	Valentina Sulpizio	18 August 1984
date of birth	Tara Devi (Nepali: तारा देवी; 15 January 1945 -- 23 January 2006) was a Nepalese singer.	Tara Devi	15 January 1945
date of birth	Benedict Sestini (b. Florence, Italy, 20 March 1816; d. Frederick, Maryland, 17 Jan., 1890) was a Jesuit astronomer, mathematician and architect, who worked in Italy and the US.	Benedict Sestini	20 March 1816
date of birth	Paul Heffernan (born 29 December 1981) is an Irish professional footballer, who is currently un-attached without a club.	Paul Heffernan	29 December 1981
date of birth	Carlos María Ramírez (1847 - 1898) was a Uruguayan journalist, essayist and politician.	Carlos María Ramírez	1847
date of birth	Luigi Mosca (1775 -- 30 November 1824) was Italian composer of operas and sacred music and a noted singing teacher.	Luigi Mosca	1775
date of birth	Ian Bairnson (born 3 August 1953) is a Scottish musician, best known for being one of the core members of The Alan Parsons Project.	Ian Bairnson	3 August 1953
date of birth	Frederick Drew FGS, FRGS (11 August 1836 -- 28 October 1891), was an English geologist.	Frederick Drew	11 August 1836
date of birth	Daniel Wadsworth (1771--1848) of Hartford, Connecticut, was an American amateur artist and architect, arts patron and traveler.	Daniel Wadsworth	1771
date of birth	Fredrik Gustafsson (born 1964, in Aneby) is a Swedish professor of sensor informatics at Linköping University.	Fredrik Gustafsson	1964
date of birth	David Carnegie, 3rd Earl of Northesk (1643--1688) was born the son of David Carnegie, 2nd Earl of Northesk and Lady Jean Maule, daughter of Patrick Maule, 1st Earl of Panmure in November 1643.	David Carnegie, 3rd Earl of Northesk	November 1643
date of birth	Ivan Mládek (born 7 February 1942) is a Czech songwriter, composer, and comedian.	Ivan Mládek	7 February 1942
date of birth	So Wai Chuen (born 26 March 1988) is a Hong Kong footballer, who currently plays in the centre-back position for TSW Pegasus FC of Hong Kong.	So Wai Chuen	26 March 1988
date of birth	Brenda Leithleiter Sharman (born 1968) is a beauty queen from Vinings, Georgia who has competed in the Miss USA pageant.	Brenda Leithleiter	1968
date of birth	Sir Simon Degge (1612-1703) was born in Staffordshire but settled in Derby.	Simon Degge	1612
date of birth	Momoko Takahashi (Japanese: 高橋萌木子; born 16 November 1988 in Saitama) is a Japanese track and field athlete who specialises in sprinting events.	Momoko Takahashi	16 November 1988
date of birth	Fuska real name Rodrigo José Pereira (born 11 January 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for São José.	Rodrigo José Pereira	11 January 1988
date of birth	Joseph Donald (1807--1900) was a Canadian mariner, farmer and political figure in New Brunswick.	Joseph Donald	1807
date of birth	Michel Neves Dias (born 13 July 1980), or simply Michel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker.	Michel Neves Dias	13 July 1980
date of birth	Alan Price (born 19 April 1942) is an English musician, best known as the original keyboardist for the British band the Animals and for his subsequent solo work.	Alan Price	19 April 1942
date of birth	Gloria Rodríguez (born 6 March 1992) is a track cyclist and road cyclist from Spain.	Gloria Rodríguez	6 March 1992
date of birth	Ezio Testa (born 1961) is an Italian fiction author and poet.	Ezio Testa	1961
date of birth	Benjamin Leroy (born 7 April 1989) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeepr for Ligue 1 side Evian.	Benjamin Leroy	7 April 1989
date of birth	Cary Peppermint (born 1970) is a New York-based conceptual, new media, performance, and environmental artist.	Cary Peppermint	1970
date of birth	Wahidul Gani (born 22 September 1958) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in one ODI in 1988, and a coach who is highly regarded for his coaching of young cricketers.	Wahidul Gani	22 September 1958
date of birth	Raghunanthanlal Bhatia, also known as Raghunandan Lal Bhatia, or R. L. Bhatia (born 3 July 1921) is an Indian political figure.	R. L. Bhatia	3 July 1921
date of birth	Martin Fagan (born 26 June 1983 in Mullingar) is an Irish retired long distance runner, who specialised in half-marathons and marathons.	Martin Fagan	26 June 1983
date of birth	Lee C. Teng (Chinese: 鄧昌黎 Pinyin: Dèng Chāng--lí; born 5 September 1926) is a senior physicist emeritus at the Advanced Photon Source of the Argonne National Laboratory (ANL).	Lee C. Teng	5 September 1926
date of birth	Godfrey Mdimi Mhogolo (14 June 1950 -- 27 March 2014) was an Anglican bishop, fifth bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Central Tanganyika, husband to Irene Mhogolo and father to Nyemo, Lisa and Wendo.	Godfrey Mdimi Mhogolo	14 June 1950
date of birth	Elida Reyna also known as Elida (born San Antonio, Texas, 17 August 1972) is an American Tejano music singer.	Elida Reyna	17 August 1972
date of birth	Marco Polo Del Nero (born 22 February 1941) is a Brazilian lawyer and sports administrator.	Marco Polo Del Nero	22 February 1941
date of birth	Caroline Burnham Kilgore (1838--1909) was the first woman to be admitted to the bar in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.	Caroline Burnham Kilgore	1838
date of birth	Simi Sernaker, born Simantha Sernaker in 1979 and also known as Simi Stone, is the frontwoman of the rock band Suffrajett.	Simi Sernaker	1979
date of birth	Brodie Moles (born 7 November 1985) is an Australian rules football player in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brodie Moles	7 November 1985
date of birth	Samuel Douglas (1781 -- July 8, 1833) was a Pennsylvania lawyer and state Attorney General.	Samuel Douglas	1781
date of birth	Ingo Spelly (born 6 November 1966 in Lübben, Brandenburg) is an East German-German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s.	Ingo Spelly	6 November 1966
date of birth	Charles Waiswa (born 29 September 1982 in Jinja) is an Ugandan cricketer who played in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland.	Charles Waiswa	29 September 1982
date of birth	Kee Thuan Chye (born 25 May 1954; aged 61) is a Malaysian actor, dramatist, poet and journalist.	Kee Thuan Chye	25 May 1954
date of birth	Nino Segarra (born November 23, 1954), is a singer, composer, musician and musical arranger.	Nino Segarra	1954
date of birth	Kamal Al-Solaylee (born 1964) is a Canadian journalist, who published his debut book, Intolerable:	Kamal Al-Solaylee	1964
date of birth	Lynn M. Hilton (born November 3, 1924) was a member of the Utah State Legislature, an education professor, a businessman, Middle East explorer and an author of many LDS/Mormon books.	Lynn M. Hilton	1924
date of birth	Stephen Mayne (born 23 July 1969) is an Australian Walkley Award winning journalist, local government councillor, and self-described shareholder activist.	Stephen Mayne	23 July 1969
date of birth	Eddy Abillammaa (Arabic: إدي أبي اللمع‎, born in 1958) is a Lebanese politician and a member of the executive committee of the Lebanese Forces party.	Eddy Abillammaa	1958
date of birth	Tihana Ambroš (born on 7 June 1980 in Vinkovci, Croatia) is a Croatian handball player and a member of Croatia women's national handball team playing on pivot position.	Tihana Ambroš	7 June 1980
date of birth	Andualem Aragie (also spelled Arage, አንዱዓለም አራጌ) ( November 4, 1972) is the Vice President and Press Secretary for the Ethiopian-based Unity for Democracy and Justice (UDJP) party.	Andualem Aragie	1972
date of birth	Taha Zareei (Persian: طاها زارعی‎‎, born 20 November 1995) is an Iranian professional football player currently playing for Leixões in the Portuguese Segunda Liga.	Taha Zareei	20 November 1995
date of birth	Mike Becker (born 1943) is an American bridge player and official.	Mike Becker	1943
date of birth	Brian Hodgson (born 1938) is a British television composer and sound technician.	Brian Hodgson	1938
date of birth	James Baynes (5 April 1766 -- 12 May 1837) was an English watercolour painter and drawing-master.	James Baynes	5 April 1766
date of birth	Seong Baek-in (born 7 December 1933) is professor emeritus of linguistics at Seoul National University.	Seong Baek-in	7 December 1933
date of birth	Alan Hirsch (born 24 October 1959) is an Australian missiologist, author, and thought leader in the missional church movement.	Alan Hirsch	24 October 1959
date of birth	Jeon Kwang-jin (Hangul: 전광진; Hanja: 全光眞; born 30 June 1981) is a South Korean football.	Jeon Kwang-jin	30 June 1981
date of birth	Gustavo Naveira (born 1960) is an Argentine tango dancer and teacher who contributed to the detailed analysis of the movements of dancing to Argentine tango.	Gustavo Naveira	1960
date of birth	Oliver Ingham (or De Ingham, d’Ingham) (1287--1344) was an English commander and administrator in Aquitaine during the War of Saint-Sardos and early Hundred Years War.	Oliver Ingham	1287
date of birth	Kristina Bader (born 10 November 1981) is a Soviet-born German bobsledder who competed from 2001 to 2004.	Kristina Bader	10 November 1981
date of birth	Roberto Coraje Ábalos (born 16 August 1972) is an Argentine film and television actor, active since 1992.	Coraje Ábalos	16 August 1972
date of birth	Paloma Arranz Santamarta (born 15 August 1969) is a Spanish team handball player who played for the Spanish national team.	Paloma Arranz	15 August 1969
date of birth	Lloyd Goffe (born 30 January 1913 in Reading - died 1984) was a British motorcycle speedway rider.	Lloyd Goffe	30 January 1913
date of birth	Georgi Chakarov (Bulgarian: Георги Чакъров; born 13 January 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer.	Georgi Chakarov	13 January 1989
date of birth	Goran Hunjak (born 13 November 1965 in Yugoslavia) is a retired football (soccer) player.	Goran Hunjak	13 November 1965
date of birth	Christopher Caldwell (born 1962) is an American journalist and senior editor at The Weekly Standard, as well as a regular contributor to the Financial Times and Slate.	Christopher Caldwell	1962
date of birth	Samantha Edwards (born 14 January 1990) is an Antigua and Barbuda sprinter.	Samantha Edwards	14 January 1990
date of birth	Bruce Kent (born 22 June 1929) is a British political activist and a former Roman Catholic priest.	Bruce Kent	22 June 1929
date of birth	Carter Henry Harrison I (1736 -- 1793), also known as Carter Henry Harrison of Clifton, was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates.	Carter Henry Harrison I	1736
date of birth	Marion Kozak or Marion Kozak Miliband (born 1934 as Dobra Jenta Kozak, also known as Maria Kozak) is a Polish-born British activist.	Marion Kozak	1934
date of birth	Luca Negroni (born 1964) of the G.S. Forestale is an Italian ski mountaineer.	Luca Negroni	1964
date of birth	Royal Charger (1942--1961) was a British Thoroughbred that was successful as a racehorse, but much more important as a sire.	Royal Charger	1942
date of birth	Cyril Hammond (born 10 October 1927) is an English former footballer who played as a left half in the Football League.	Cyril Hammond	10 October 1927
date of birth	Ferdinand Kwasi Fiawoo (26 December 1891, Wasuta -- 21 July 1969) was a Ghanaian minister of religion, playwright and educator, founder of Zion College, the first secondary school in Ghana's Volta Region.	Ferdinand Kwasi Fiawoo	26 December 1891
date of birth	John George Herriot (1916 -- 2003 March 16) was a mathematician at Stanford university who worked on numerical analysis.	John George Herriot	1916
date of birth	Ulrike Theusner( born 1982 in Frankfurt (Oder), Germany) is a german artist working primarily in drawing and printmaking.	Ulrike Theusner	1982
date of birth	Judyann Elder (born Judith Ann Johnson; 1948) is an American actress, director, and writer.	Judyann Elder	1948
date of birth	Lars Hultman, born 1960, is a Professor of Materials Science and Head of the Division of Thin Film Physics at Linköping University.	Lars Hultman	1960
date of birth	Andrew Kumagai (熊谷 アンドリュー, born 6 June 1993) is a Japanese football player of Sri Lankan descent.	Andrew Kumagai	6 June 1993
date of birth	Adrian Guelke (born 15 June 1947) is Professor of Comparative Politics in the School of Politics, International Studies and Philosophy at Queen's University Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Adrian Guelke	15 June 1947
date of birth	Jörg Müller (born 3 September 1969) is a Dutch-born German factory driver for BMW Motorsport.	Jörg Müller	3 September 1969
date of birth	Brian Flynn, (born 12 October 1955) is a former Welsh football manager and Welsh international player.	Brian Flynn	12 October 1955
date of birth	Darren O'Keeffe was an Irish soccer player who was born in Dublin on 29 August 1978.	Darren O'Keeffe	1978
date of birth	Abderrazzak Jadid (Arabic: جديد عبدالرزاق‎, born 1 June 1983 in Fkih Ben Saleh) is a Moroccan footballer.	Abderrazzak Jadid	1 June 1983
date of birth	Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt (born 12 August 1942 in Leerhafe, today part of Wittmund, East Frisia) is the former club doctor of Bayern Munich.	Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt	12 August 1942
date of birth	Anne La Berge (born Palo Alto, California, in 1955) is a flutist, composer and improviser, currently resident in Amsterdam.	Anne La Berge	1955
date of birth	Furkan Alakmak (born 28 September 1991) is a Dutch-Turkish footballer who plays as a winger.	Furkan Alakmak	28 September 1991
date of birth	Philip Rainey (born 12 July 1959) in Ballymena is a former Irish rugby union international player who played for the Irish national rugby union team.	Philip Rainey	12 July 1959
date of birth	George Crompton (23 March 1829 -- 29 December 1886) was an American inventor, manufacturer, and businessman and the son of William Crompton, an inventor.	George Crompton	23 March 1829
date of birth	Alain Zimmermann (born 1967) is the Chief Executive Officer of Swiss luxury watch manufacturer Baume & Mercier (belonging to the Richemont Group).	Alain Zimmermann	1967
date of birth	Herlina Christine Natalia Hakim (born 25 December 1956), also known by the popular name Christine Hakim, is an Indonesian actress, film producer, and activist.	Christine Hakim	25 December 1956
date of birth	Tor Sørnes (born 11 November 1925 in Sola) is a Norwegian author, politician, engineer and the designer and inventor of the VingCard, the first recodable keycard lock and the magnetic stripe keycard lock.	Tor Sørnes	11 November 1925
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Innocenzo Colombo (16. December 1717 -- 10. April, 1801) was a Swiss painter and stage set designer.	Giovanni Battista Innocenzo Colombo	16. December 1717
date of birth	Annisul Huq (Bengali: আনিসুল হকের; born 27 October 1952) is a Bangladeshi entrepreneur, TV show host and the current mayor of Dhaka North City Corporation.	Annisul Huq	27 October 1952
date of birth	Graeme Pearman (born 1941) was Chief of CSIRO Atmospheric Research in Australia from 1992 to 2002, and is an international expert on climate change.	Graeme Pearman	1941
date of birth	Hilary Bailey (born 1936, Bromley, Kent) is a British writer and editor.	Hilary Bailey	1936
date of birth	Søren Juul Petersen (born 10 October 1963) is a Danish independent film producer who in 1997 created the production company Zeitgeist, which has produced a number of fairly successful, award-winning theatrical feature films.	Søren Juul Petersen	10 October 1963
date of birth	Albert Dadon AM (pronounced Al-BEAR Da-DON) (born 1957) is an Australian businessman, philanthropist and musician.	Albert Dadon	1957
date of birth	W. Patrick McCray (born 1967) is a historian at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	W. Patrick McCray	1967
date of birth	Born in Havana in 1957, René Peña graduated from the University of Havana with a specialization in English.	René Peña	1957
date of birth	Mehmed Uzun (1953 -- October 10, 2007) was a contemporary Zaza-Kurdish writer and novelist.	Mehmed Uzun	1953
date of birth	Henry Grahn Hermunen (Helsinki 1963) is a contemporary artist living in Helsinki, Finland and Stockholm, Sweden.	Henry Grahn Hermunen	1963
date of birth	Wesley Henrique Lima Silva e Silva (born 7 March 1985), commonly known as Pipico, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Brasileirão Série B club Macaé.	Pipico	7 March 1985
date of birth	Mirosław Turko (Ukrainian: Мирослав Пилипович Турко, 2 October 1918--29 September 1981) was a Polish - Ukrainian football striker and coach.	Mirosław Turko	2 October 1918
date of birth	Callum Smith (born 23 April 1990) is a British professional boxer and former WBC International super middleweight champion.	Callum Smith	23 April 1990
date of birth	Alexander Thomas Cameron (1882 -- 25 September 1947) was a British-born Canadian biochemist.	Alexander Thomas Cameron	1882
date of birth	Yang Zhichao (traditional Chinese: 楊志超, simplified Chinese: 杨志超, pinyin: Yáng Zhìchāo; b. 1963) is a performance artist living and working in Beijing.	Yang Zhichao	1963
date of birth	Bernard Martínez Valerio (born 19 January 1962) is trade union and Garifuna leader who was a candidate for the Innovation and Unity Party (PINU) in the Honduran 2009 presidential election.	Bernard Martínez Valerio	19 January 1962
date of birth	Leila Farsakh (Arabic: ليلى فرسخ‎) (born 1967) is a Palestinian political economist who was born in Jordan and is an Associate Professor of Political Science at University of Massachusetts Boston.	Leila Farsakh	1967
date of birth	Daniel Audiel López Martínez (born 1974) was a Mexican serial killer active from 1998 to 2008 in Chihuahua and Chiapas.	Daniel Audiel López Martínez	1974
date of birth	Chilala Moco (born 8 May 1977 in Caála, Huambo Province) is an Angolan photographer and the oldest son of former Angolan Prime Minister Marcolino Moco.	Chilala Moco	8 May 1977
date of birth	Iliyan Mitsanski (Bulgarian: Илиян Мицански; born 20 December 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for K League Classic side Suwon Samsung Bluewings and the Bulgarian national team as a striker.	Iliyan Mitsanski	20 December 1985
date of birth	Michael Handelzalts (born 1950) (Hebrew: מיכאל הנדלזלץ‎) is an Israeli theater critic.	Michael Handelzalts	1950
date of birth	Edward W. Moser (1924--1976) was an American linguist and expert in the Seri language and culture working with the Summer institute of Linguistics.	Edward W. Moser	1924
date of birth	Habib Bourguiba, Jr. (Tunisian Arabic: الحبيب بورقيبة الابن‎ Ḥbīb Būrguība el-Ibn) (9 April 1927 -- 28 December 2009) was a Tunisian diplomat and politician.	Habib Bourguiba, Jr.	9 April 1927
date of birth	Prince Kazimierz Czartoryski (4 March 1674 -- 31 August 1741) was a Polish nobleman, Duke of Klewań and Żuków.	Kazimierz Czartoryski	4 March 1674
date of birth	Anastasiya Sienina (born 1991, in Simferopol, Crimea) is a Ukrainian beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Crimea 2010.	Anastasiya Sienina	1991
date of birth	Nancy Varian Berberick (born 1951) is an American fantasy author well known for her work in the Dragonlance series.	Nancy Varian Berberick	1951
date of birth	Alexander Büttner (pronounced (ɑlɛˈksɑndər ˈbʏtnər); born 11 February 1989) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a left-back for R.S.C. Anderlecht on loan from the Russian club Dynamo Moscow.	Alexander Büttner	11 February 1989
date of birth	Anna Hope (born 1974) is an English writer and actress from Manchester.	Anna Hope	1974
date of birth	Todd Ridley (born 11 February 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer.	Todd Ridley	11 February 1969
date of birth	Xu Xi (born 1954), originally named Xu Su Xi (许素细), is an English language novelist from Hong Kong.	Xu Xi	1954
date of birth	Anthony Harvey (born 3 June 1931) is a British filmmaker who started his career in the 1950s as a film editor, and moved into directing in the mid-1960s.	Anthony Harvey	3 June 1931
date of birth	Claude Le Péron (born 2 February 1948) is a French bass guitarist known for his collaboration with Jean-Jacques Goldman among other musicians.	Claude Le Péron	2 February 1948
date of birth	Blaise Hazelwood (born 1972), a Republican strategist and consultant in the United States, is the owner of Grassroots Targeting, LLC, a microtargeting and digital branding company.	Blaise Hazelwood	1972
date of birth	Geeta Basra (born 13 March 1984) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Bollywood films.	Geeta Basra	13 March 1984
date of birth	Adam Lange (born 12 January 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Kangaroos in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Adam Lange	12 January 1979
date of birth	Aleksander Mycielski (born 1760) was a Polish commander of the 10th Regiment of Foot.	Aleksander Mycielski	1760
date of birth	Caryl Phillips (born 13 March 1958) is a Kittitian-British novelist, playwright and essayist.	Caryl Phillips	13 March 1958
date of birth	Etzer Vilaire (7 April 1872 - 1951) was a Haitian poet and attorney.	Etzer Vilaire	7 April 1872
date of birth	John Emmerson (born 1796 at Cambridge; death details unknown) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club and made his first-class debut in 1827.	John Emmerson	1796
date of birth	Stjepan Jovanović (Stephan Freiherr (Baron) von Jovanovich; 5 January 1828 -- 8 December 1885) was a Croat military commander of the Austrian Empire from the Military Frontier.	Stjepan Jovanović	5 January 1828
date of birth	Nitya Prakash(born 19 February 1988) is an Indian author with 5 published titles in the Paranormal, general fiction, Banking and Romantic fiction genres and a film writer.	Nitya Prakash	19 February 1988
date of birth	Lyudmila Samotyosova (Russian: Людмила Самотёсова, née Игнатьева, Ignatyeva; born 26 October 1939) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Lyudmila Samotyosova	26 October 1939
date of birth	Rood Adeo (born Roderik Adeo Jansz, 10 November 1970, in Nijmegen) is a Dutch singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and recording artist.	Rood Adeo	10 November 1970
date of birth	Peter Allibond (1560 -- 6 March 1629), was an English translator of theological treatises from the French and Latin.	Peter Allibond	1560
date of birth	Hasan Masood (Born 16 December 1962) is a Bangladeshi actor, director and singer.	Hasan Masood	16 December 1962
date of birth	Mark Spalding (born 1960) is an English actor from Birmingham.	Mark Spalding	1960
date of birth	Lieutenant-General George Carpenter, 1st Baron Carpenter (10 February 1657 -- 10 February 1731) was a British soldier who served as Governor of Minorca and as Commander-in-chief of all the forces in Scotland.	George Carpenter, 1st Baron Carpenter	10 February 1657
date of birth	Osvaldo Fabian Grimberg (Hebrew: פביאן גרימברג‎; born 6 February 1962) is an Argentine former professional association footballer who was part of the 1988--89 championship squad at Maccabi Haifa.	Fabian Grimberg	6 February 1962
date of birth	Thomas Hardwick (1752--1829) was a British architect and a founding member of the Architects' Club in 1791.	Thomas Hardwick	1752
date of birth	Trevor Atkinson (born 23 November 1942) is an English former professional footballer who played as a wing-half.	Trevor Atkinson	23 November 1942
date of birth	Pam Evans (born 1953), is an American marketing executive, and part-time author, columnist, and speaker.	Pam Evans	1953
date of birth	Jaki Whitren (born 1954) is a British songwriter/singer.	Jaki Whitren	1954
date of birth	Egon Coordes (born 13 July 1944 in Bremerhaven) is a former German football player and, now, coach.	Egon Coordes	13 July 1944
date of birth	Günther Tschabuschnig (born 1982) is an Austrian computer scientist.	Günther Tschabuschnig	1982
date of birth	Sir Robert Officer M.A., (3 October 1800 -- 8 July 1879) was an Australian politician and medical officer.	Robert Officer	3 October 1800
date of birth	(Charles Guy) Rodney Leach, Baron Leach of Fairford (born 1 June 1934) is a Conservative life peer in the British House of Lords and Deputy Chairman of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Plc. He is a director of Rothschild Continuation AG and various listed Jardine Matheson Group companies.	Rodney Leach, Baron Leach of Fairford	1 June 1934
date of birth	JanLeonardo (born Jan Wöllert; 30 July 1970, Cuxhaven) is a German photographer, author and speaker of fine-art photography.	JanLeonardo	30 July 1970
date of birth	Peter Loudon (born 17 November 1966, Perth (Scotland)) is a Scottish curler and world champion.	Peter Loudon	17 November 1966
date of birth	James A. Beckel, Jr. (born 1948) is a contemporary American composer and, as of 2012, principal trombonist of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra.	James A. Beckel, Jr.	1948
date of birth	Charles Bane, Jr. (born 1951) is an American poet, noted for his romantic use of language to explore humanistic themes.	Charles Bane, Jr.	1951
date of birth	Ibrahima Barry, popularly known as Barry III, (1923, in Bantiŋel, Pita -- January 25, 1971, in Conakry) was a Guinean politician.	Barry III	1923
date of birth	Jessica Judd (born 7 January 1995) is an English middle-distance runner who specialises in the 800 metres, and cross country running.	Jessica Judd	7 January 1995
date of birth	August Lass (16 August 1903 -- 27 November 1962) was an Estonian footballer.	August Lass	16 August 1903
date of birth	Erling Bauck (8 April 1924 -- February 2004) was a Norwegian resistance member and writer.	Erling Bauck	8 April 1924
date of birth	Dan Shore (born 1975) is an American composer and playwright from Allentown, Pennsylvania, whose works include The Beautiful Bridegroom, An Embarrassing Position, Travel, Works of Mercy, and Lady Orchid.	Dan Shore	1975
date of birth	Ricardo Pérez-Marco (born 1967) is a Spanish-French mathematician at the Université Paris XIII.	Ricardo Pérez-Marco	1967
date of birth	Asher Ohana (Hebrew: אשר אוחנה‎, born 1945) is an Israeli civil servant who served as Minister of Religious Affairs between 2001 and 2003.	Asher Ohana	1945
date of birth	Volker Eckert (1 July 1959 -- 2 July 2007) was a German truck driver and serial killer who confessed to the murders of six women, five of whom were prostitutes.	Volker Eckert	1 July 1959
date of birth	David McHugh (born 21 December 1955) is an international Rugby Union Test referee.	David McHugh	21 December 1955
date of birth	Benoît Pelletier (born 10 January 1960) is lawyer, academic, and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Benoît Pelletier	10 January 1960
date of birth	Luigi Ventura (9 December 1944-) is the current Apostolic Nuncio to France since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 22 September 2009.	Luigi Ventura	9 December 1944
date of birth	Vladimir Zagorec (born 22 November 1963) is a former Croatian general and former deputy defense minister.	Vladimir Zagorec	22 November 1963
date of birth	Clive Beltran (born 18 October 1949) is a Gibraltarian former teacher, politician and Minister of the Government of Gibraltar for the Gibraltar Social Democrats.	Clive Beltran	18 October 1949
date of birth	Wan Xiaoli (万晓利; born 1971) is a folk-rock singer, guitarist, and harmonica player from China.	Wan Xiaoli	1971
date of birth	Tomáš Okleštěk (born 21 February 1987) is a Czech football player who currently plays for Czech 2.	Tomáš Okleštěk	21 February 1987
date of birth	Chen Guangbiao (Chinese: 陈光标; born July 1968) is a Chinese recycling entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Chen Guangbiao	July 1968
date of birth	Günter Traub (born 13 March 1939) is a retired German speed skater.	Günter Traub	13 March 1939
date of birth	Gerasim Zelić was born on 11 June 1752 in Žegar, Bukovica, in northern Dalmatia, some 30 miles east of Zadar, then part of the Habsburg Monarchy.	Gerasim Zelić	11 June 1752
date of birth	John O'Conor (born 18 January 1947) is an Irish pianist and pedagogue, and former director of the Royal Irish Academy of Music.	John O'Conor	18 January 1947
date of birth	Sir Rutger Jan Schimmelpenninck (31 October 1761 -- 15 February 1825), Lord of Nyenhuis, Peckedam and Gellicum, was a Dutch jurist, ambassador and politician who served as Grand Pensionary of the Batavian Republic from 1805 to 1806.	Rutger Jan Schimmelpenninck	31 October 1761
date of birth	Louis Saint Ange Morel, chevalier de la Colombe (1755--1799) was an aide de camp to Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette, during the Revolutionary War.	Louis Saint Ange Morel, chevalier de la Colombe	1755
date of birth	Gilles Panizzi (born 19 September 1965) is a French rally driver on the World Rally Championship circuit.	Gilles Panizzi	19 September 1965
date of birth	Willy Scheepers (born 8 April 1961) was a Dutch football player who was the technical manager for the Marfin Laiki League club APEP Pitsilia until 2009.	Willy Scheepers	8 April 1961
date of birth	Zuo Xiaoqing (born 25 June 1977) is a Chinese actress, TV presenter and former rhythmic gymnast.	Zuo Xiaoqing	25 June 1977
date of birth	Piet Klocke (born 20 December 1957) is a German musician, cabaret artist, author and actor.	Piet Klocke	20 December 1957
date of birth	Anthony Aufrère (30 November 1757 at Hoveton, Norfolk -- 29 November 1833 in Pisa, Italy) was an English antiquary, barrister and translator.	Anthony Aufrère	1757
date of birth	Emily Ludolf (born 1990 in Lyne, Surrey, England) was the youngest-ever finalist when she appeared in the 2008 series of BBC TV show MasterChef, a reality tv show for amateur cook.	Emily Ludolf	1990
date of birth	Emiliano Mondonico (born 9 March 1947) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as a winger.	Emiliano Mondonico	9 March 1947
date of birth	Bessie Banks (born 8 February 1938) is an American soul singer, best known for her original 1964 recording of ``Go Now,'' successfully covered in the same year by UK band the Moody Blues.	Bessie Banks	8 February 1938
date of birth	Onur Tukel (born August 5, 1972) is a Turkish-American actor, painter, and filmmaker.	Onur Tukel	1972
date of birth	Anay Goswamy (born 16 August 1977) is an Indian Cinematographer.	Anay Goswamy	16 August 1977
date of birth	Marija Krucifiksa Kozulić (Italian: Maria Crocifissa Cosulich) (20 September 1852 -- 29 September 1922) was a Catholic nun who was part of the community of Sisters of the Sacred Heart.	Marija Krucifiksa Kozulić	20 September 1852
date of birth	Neyma Julio Alfredo (born 6 May 1979) is a Mozambican singer, born in Maputo.	Neyma	6 May 1979
date of birth	Dimitrios Stefanakos (Greek: Δημήτριος Στεφανάκος; born 19 October 1936) is a former Greek footballer who played for Olympiacos, as well as the Greek national side.	Dimitrios Stefanakos	19 October 1936
date of birth	Louis de Silvestre (23 June 1675 -- 11 April 1760) was a French portrait and history painter.	Louis de Silvestre	23 June 1675
date of birth	Mitch Brennan (born 30 October 1954) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach.	Mitch Brennan	30 October 1954
date of birth	Vivienne Balla (born 24 June 1986) is a Hungarian fine art and fashion photographer.	Vivienne Balla	24 June 1986
date of birth	Emma Restall Orr (born 1965) is a British neo-druid, animist, priest, poet, and author.	Emma Restall Orr	1965
date of birth	Shirley du Boulay (born 1933) is a British author and biographer, resident in Oxford.	Shirley du Boulay	1933
date of birth	Wang Xuejun (Chinese: 王学军; born December 1952) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Communist Party Secretary of Anhui province.	Wang Xuejun	December 1952
date of birth	Michel Petrossian (born 1973) is a French-Armenian composer of classical music.	Michel Petrossian	1973
date of birth	Ryan Moseley (born 8 October 1982 in Bridgetown) is a Barbados-born Austrian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Ryan Moseley	8 October 1982
date of birth	Jan Simon Andersson (born 18 December 1980) is a Swedish bass player, guitarist, vocalist, music programmer, songwriter and record producer, best known for his work as a bass player in progressive metal band Pain of Salvation.	Simon Andersson	18 December 1980
date of birth	Tamires Cássia Dias Gomes (born 10 October 1987), commonly known as Tamires, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Danish Elitedivisionen club Fortuna Hjørring and the Brazilian national team.	Tamires Cássia Dias Gomes	10 October 1987
date of birth	Elisa Rea (born 23 March 1968) is a retired Italian athlete who competed in middle-distance events.	Elisa Rea	23 March 1968
date of birth	Maurizio Micheli (born 3 February 1947) is an Italian actor, voice actor, comedian, author, playwright and television personality.	Maurizio Micheli	3 February 1947
date of birth	Orli Shaham (born 5 November 1975) is an American pianist, born in Jerusalem, Israel, the daughter of two scientists, Meira Diskin and Jacob Shaham.	Orli Shaham	5 November 1975
date of birth	Can Atilla (born in 1969) is a Turkish composer and musician.	Can Atilla	1969
date of birth	Ramilton Jorge Santos do Rosário (born 4 October 1989), known as Rambé, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Farense on loan from S.C. Braga as a striker.	Rambé	4 October 1989
date of birth	John Shanssey (March 23, 1848 -- 1919?) was an American boxer, gambler, saloon owner, and Mayor of Yuma, Arizona.	John Shanssey	1848
date of birth	Adiel Amorai (Hebrew: עדיאל אמוראי‎, born 17 December 1934) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1969 and 1988.	Adiel Amorai	17 December 1934
date of birth	Susan Shabangu (28 February 1956) is a South African politician and Minister of Women in the Presidency.	Susan Shabangu	28 February 1956
date of birth	Kåre Elgmork (7 December 1924 -- 19 November 2011) was a Norwegian civil servant.	Kåre Elgmork	7 December 1924
date of birth	Steve McColl (born 16 August 1988) is a Scottish professional rugby union player who currently plays for Gloucester in the Aviva Premiership.	Steve McColl	16 August 1988
date of birth	Jim Grant (born 29 October 1954), better known by his pen name Lee Child, is a British thriller writer.	Lee Child	29 October 1954
date of birth	Constantino Cajetan (1560, Syracuse, Sicily--17 September 1650, Rome) was a Benedictine scholar.	Constantino Cajetan	1560
date of birth	Mansur Kamaletdinov (Russian Мансур Фатхинурович Камалетдинов) (7 January 1926 - 19 April 2012) was a Russian-born Ballet Dancer, Teacher, Ballet Master and Choreographer of Classical Ballet and Classical character dance.	Mansur Kamaletdinov	7 January 1926
date of birth	Aaron Phipps (born 7 April 1983) is a British wheelchair rugby player.	Aaron Phipps	7 April 1983
date of birth	John Seymour Berry, 2nd Viscount Camrose TD (12 July 1909 -- 15 February 1995) was a British nobleman, politician, and newspaper proprietor.	Seymour Berry, 2nd Viscount Camrose	12 July 1909
date of birth	Francesca Jaynes (born 12 October 1958) is an English choreographer and movement director who works in many disciplines within the entertainment industry, including feature films, theatre and commercials.	Francesca Jaynes	12 October 1958
date of birth	Bettina Boxall (born 1952) is a journalist who currently covers water issues and the environment for the Los Angeles Times and is a recipient of a Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting.	Bettina Boxall	1952
date of birth	Sandra Schaeffer (Bergeson), born in 1946, is a singer, author and game inventor.	Sandra Schaeffer	1946
date of birth	Martyn Bell (born 17 July 1964) is an auto racing driver.	Martyn Bell	17 July 1964
date of birth	Felix Kersten (30 September 1898 -- 16 April 1960) was before and during World War II the personal physical therapist of Heinrich Himmler.	Felix Kersten	30 September 1898
date of birth	John A. Degnan (born 1960) is an American politician and the former mayor of Brewster, New York, a position which he held from 2005 to 2007.	John A. Degnan	1960
date of birth	Timothy George (born 9 January 1950) is the dean of Beeson Divinity School at Samford University and has been the dean since the school's inception in 1988.	Timothy George	1950
date of birth	Dalmazio Santini (1923 -- October 4, 2001) was an Italian-born American composer.	Dalmazio Santini	1923
date of birth	Carla Carli Mazzucato (born 2 November 1935) is a 20th-century Italian artist whose contributions to the world of contemporary art help define the ``modern expressionist'' movement.	Carla Carli Mazzucato	2 November 1935
date of birth	French Captain Pierre François Péron, born in 1769 at Lambézellec, near Brest, was a French sailor and trading captain who sailed to many different locations in the late 18th century.	Pierre François Péron	1769
date of birth	Veselin Penev (Bulgarian: Веселин Пенев; born 11 August 1982) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Beroe Stara Zagora as a left-sided defender.	Veselin Penev	11 August 1982
date of birth	Mārtiņš Vilšķērsts, also known as Martin Vilskersts (born 26 March 1993 in Rīga) is a Latvian rock drummer.	Mārtiņš Vilšķērsts	26 March 1993
date of birth	Louis Rhodes was born August 31, 1960 at Detroit Osteopathic Hospital in Michigan.	Louis Rhodes	1960
date of birth	George Darrell (1851--1921) was an Australian playwright best known for The Sunny South (1883).	George Darrell	1851
date of birth	Stephen Brinkley (c. 1550 -- missing since 1585) was an English printer, covertly producing Roman Catholic literature under Elizabeth I of England.	Stephen Brinkley	1550
date of birth	Sardar Sayab Khalid (born 26 March 1940) is a Pakistani politician serving in the 24-member cabinet of Prime Minister Attique Ahmed Khan of Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK).	Sardar Sayab Khalid	26 March 1940
date of birth	Meyrick Alexander (born 18 May 1952) is a British bassoonist.	Meyrick Alexander	18 May 1952
date of birth	Peter Stebbings (born 28 February 1971) is a Canadian actor, director, producer, and screenwriter, perhaps best known for portraying Kevin Sharp in the drama series Madison, Paul Deeds in the series Traders, and for writing and directing Defendor.	Peter Stebbings	28 February 1971
date of birth	Ilia Calderón Chamat is a Colombian journalist, born 1972 in Chocó.	Ilia Calderón	1972
date of birth	Walter Spring the Unfortunate (1620 -- c.1678) was an Anglo-Irish Roman Catholic landowner involved in the Irish Confederate Wars.	Walter Spring	1620
date of birth	William Thomas Pennar Davies (12 November 1911 - 29 December 1996) was a Welsh clergyman and author.	Pennar Davies	1911
date of birth	Mohammad Husni Thamrin (16 February 1894 -- 11 January 1941) was an Indonesian political thinker and National Hero.	Mohammad Husni Thamrin	16 February 1894
date of birth	Isaak Bacharach (2 December 1854 Seligenstadt, Hessen -- 22 September 1942 Theresienstadt concentration camp) was a German mathematics professor in Erlangen who proved the Cayley--	Isaak Bacharach	2 December 1854
date of birth	Richard McNamara (born 23 October 1972 in Todmorden, West Yorkshire) is the guitarist for the English band Embrace.	Richard McNamara	23 October 1972
date of birth	Anne Hooper (born 1941) is a British sex therapist and author, who pioneered therapy groups for women with sex problems in the 1970s and 1980s and who wrote UK newspaper columns on the subject of human sexuality in the 1990s.	Anne Hooper	1941
date of birth	Tommy Stack (born 15 November 1945 in Moyvane, County Kerry, Ireland) is a former National Hunt racing jockey and current National Hunt trainer.	Tommy Stack	15 November 1945
date of birth	Étienne de la Croix (Diocese of Évreux, 1579--1643), was a French Jesuit, missionary to India and author of a life of St Peter in Marathi:	Étienne de la Croix	1579
date of birth	Neil Stevens (born in 1947) is a Canadian sportswriter who has covered numerous sports, including ice hockey, indoor lacrosse, the Olympic Games, and figure skating.	Neil Stevens	1947
date of birth	Iris Morhammer (born 28 April 1973 in Vienna) is a former Austrian international handballer who played as a right wing.	Iris Morhammer	28 April 1973
date of birth	Count Valentin Platonovich Musin-Pushkin (Russian: Граф Валенти́н Плато́нович Му́син-Пу́шкин; 17 December (O.S. 6 December) 1735 -- 20 July (O.S. 8 April) 1804) was a Russian military and government official who reached the rank of Field Marshal.	Valentin Platonovich Musin-Pushkin	6 December) 1735
date of birth	Opothleyahola, also spelled Opothle Yohola, Opothleyoholo, Hu-pui-hilth Yahola, and Hopoeitheyohola, (about 1798 -- March 22, 1863) was a Muscogee Creek Indian chief, noted as a brilliant orator.	Opothleyahola	1798
date of birth	Stefan Jarl (born 18 March 1941) is a Swedish film director best known for his documentaries.	Stefan Jarl	18 March 1941
date of birth	Sir John Lilborne (born 1341), of Milton Lilborne, Wiltshire was an English politician.	John Lilborne	1341
date of birth	Dan Reisinger (Hebrew: דן ריזינגר) (born 1934) is an Israeli designer of graphics, exhibitions, and stage sets.	Dan Reisinger	1934
date of birth	Moshe Silman (Hebrew: משה סילמן‎; 26 November 1954 -- 20 July 2012) was an Israeli activist who set himself on fire during a social justice demonstration in protest of Israel's welfare system on 14 July 2012.	Moshe Silman	26 November 1954
date of birth	Jennifer Summit (born 1965) is an American scholar of Medieval and Renaissance English Literature and was a Professor of English at Stanford University, where she was Chair of the English Department between 2008 and 2011.	Jennifer Summit	1965
date of birth	Sabine Sesselmann, or Sabina Sesselmann (13 August 1936 -- 1 March 1998) was a German film actress.	Sabine Sesselmann	13 August 1936
date of birth	Chris Kavanagh (born 4 June 1964, Woolwich, London) is an English drummer, best known for playing in Sigue Sigue Sputnik and Big Audio Dynamite II. Kavanagh was asked to join Sigue Sigue Sputnik because of his looks and attitude, and only after that was taught to play drums by other band members.	Chris Kavanagh	4 June 1964
date of birth	Giovanni Carlo Bevilacqua, also called Gian Carlo Bevilacqua (1775 -- August 28, 1849) was an Italian painter.	Giovanni Carlo Bevilacqua	1775
date of birth	Paul Kinnerk (born 1985) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Limerick senior team.	Paul Kinnerk	1985
date of birth	Mohammed al Fassi (1952 - Dec. 24, 2002), at times referred to as Prince al Fassi, was a Moroccan/Saudi businessman who was related by marriage to the Saudi royal family.	Mohammed al Fassi	1952
date of birth	Arturo Pagliai (1852--1896) was an Italian painter, often painting seascapes, and vedute of port scenes.	Arturo Pagliai	1852
date of birth	Count János Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő (30 May 1868 -- 6 January 1944) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Religion and Education between 1910--1913 and in 1918.	János Zichy	30 May 1868
date of birth	Charles Howard, 9th Earl of Suffolk (1685 -- 28 September 1733) was an English nobleman and politician, styled Hon. Charles Howard from 1691 to 1731.	Charles Howard, 9th Earl of Suffolk	1685
date of birth	William Kurtz (1833 -- December 5, 1904) was a German-American artist, illustrator, and photographer.	William Kurtz	1833
date of birth	Sigi Ziering (March 20, 1928 - November 12, 2000) was a German-born American business executive, playwright and philanthropist.	Sigi Ziering	1928
date of birth	Rasamayi Balakishan (Telugu: రసమయి బాలకిషన్; born on 15 May 1965), is a Member of the Legislative Assembly (Telangana) from the Manakonduru constituency of Karimnagar District in Telangana.	Rasamayi Balakishan	15 May 1965
date of birth	Scott Strange (born 7 April 1977) is an Australian professional golfer who competes on the European Tour, OneAsia Tour and the Asian Tour.	Scott Strange	7 April 1977
date of birth	Klas Torstensson (born 16 January 1951) is an award-winning Swedish-Dutch composer.	Klas Torstensson	16 January 1951
date of birth	Johan Erkgärds (born 12 November 1989 in Hagfors) is a Swedish ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Frisk Tigers of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.	Johan Erkgärds	12 November 1989
date of birth	Günter Bechly (born 16 October 1963) is a German paleontologist and entomologist, who mainly works on fossil insects (especially odonates).	Günter Bechly	16 October 1963
date of birth	Mariano Hugo, Prince of Windisch-Graetz (German: Mariano Hugo Fürst zu Windisch-Graetz, Italian: Mariano Ugo, Principe di Windisch-Graetz; born 27 July 1955) is the current head of the Austrian or Italian House of Windisch-Graetz.	Mariano Hugo, Prince of Windisch-Graetz	27 July 1955
date of birth	Julián Rebolledo (born 1972), also known as Julian Dean, is an American actor and voice talent, best known for his role as the voice of the neurotic father Jake Morgendorffer on the MTV animated series Daria and as Raul Passos in the 2012 video game, Max Payne 3.	Julián Rebolledo	1972
date of birth	Susan Wicks (born 1947 Kent, England) is a British poet, and novelist.	Susan Wicks	1947
date of birth	Randall Giles (1950 -- August 27, 2010) was an American music composer, Episcopal Church missionary, and ethnographer.	Randall Giles	1950
date of birth	Ivan Orlanzo Jackson (born 16 June 1974) in Georgetown, Saint Vincent is a West Indies cricketer who has played first-class and List A cricket for the Windward Islands.	Orlanzo Jackson	16 June 1974
date of birth	Jeff Koinange (born 7 January 1966) is a Kenyan journalist and Talk Show Host of Jeff Koinange Live on KTN since October 2013.	Jeff Koinange	7 January 1966
date of birth	Barry McGoldrick (Irish: Barra Mac Gualraic; born 29 April 1985) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won a National League title.	Barry McGoldrick	29 April 1985
date of birth	Allan McMahon (9 August 1954 -- 23 May 2003) was an Australian former professional rugby league footballer and coach.	Allan McMahon	9 August 1954
date of birth	Dagny Mellgren (born 19 June 1978) from Ålgård is a former Norwegian footballer.	Dagny Mellgren	19 June 1978
date of birth	Mam Nai was born in Kampong Thom Province in 1934, while Cambodia was under French domination.	Mam Nai	1934
date of birth	Narendra Patni (1943 -- 3 June 2014) was an Indian chief executive officer who founded Patni Computer Systems.	Narendra Patni	1943
date of birth	Jan Björkman, born 1950, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag from 1988 to 2010.	Jan Björkman	1950
date of birth	Niki Albon (born 20 February 1992) is a British YouTube personality and radio presenter.	Niki Albon	20 February 1992
date of birth	Johan Neethling Fouché (born 10 January 1993 in Rustenburg, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Varsity Cup side UP Tuks and provincial side the Blue Bulls.	Neethling Fouché	10 January 1993
date of birth	Taşkın Aksoy (born 13 June 1967) is a German-Turkish football former player and current manager of Fortuna Düsseldorf II.	Taşkın Aksoy	13 June 1967
date of birth	Thomas Hastie Bell (1867--1942) was a Scottish anarchist.	Thomas Hastie Bell	1867
date of birth	Xu Mengjia (Chinese: 徐孟加; pinyin: Xú Mèngjiā; born August 1957) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Southwest China's Sichuan province.	Xu Mengjia	August 1957
date of birth	John Lenaghan (1888 -- 1951) was an English footballer who played for Stoke.	John Lenaghan	1888
date of birth	Ayrat Mardeev (born 1 January 1987) is a Russian rally raid truck driver.	Ayrat Mardeev	1987
date of birth	Andrea Lekić (born 6 September 1987) is a Serbian handballer who plays for ŽRK Vardar and also is a captain of the Serbian national team.	Andrea Lekić	6 September 1987
date of birth	Vahid Hashemian (Persian: وحيد هاشميان‎‎, born 21 July 1976) is a retired Iranian footballer and current coach.	Vahid Hashemian	21 July 1976
date of birth	Raaj J Konwar was born to an Ahom family on 7 October 1975.	Raaj J Konwar	7 October 1975
date of birth	Mary di Michele (born 6 Aug 1949, Lanciano, Italy) is an Italian-Canadian poet and author.	Mary di Michele	1949
date of birth	Stuart Cowden (February 1925 -- January 2016) was an English footballer who played for Stoke City.	Stuart Cowden	February 1925
date of birth	Juan van Emmerloot (born 12 November 1965 in Waalwijk) is a drummer and record producer.	Juan van Emmerloot	12 November 1965
date of birth	James L. Foreman (1927 -- June 3, 2012) was a United States federal judge.	James L. Foreman	1927
date of birth	Willie Marais (10 August 1928 -- 26 December 2007) was an Afrikaner nationalist and the leader of the far-right South African political party, the Herstigte Nasionale Party, from 2001 until his death.	Willie Marais	10 August 1928
date of birth	Mile Pop Yordanov (Bulgarian: Миле Попйорданов Macedonian language: Миле Поп Јорданов) (1877-1901), born Milan Poyordanov, was a Bulgarian revolutionary and member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO).	Mile Pop Yordanov	1877
date of birth	Charlee Jacob (born 1952) is an American author specializing in horror fiction, dark fantasy, and poetry.	Charlee Jacob	1952
date of birth	Danny Hockton (born 7 February 1979), is an English footballer who plays as a striker.	Danny Hockton	7 February 1979
date of birth	German Sterligov (Russian: Герман Стерлигов; born 18 October 1966) is a Russian businessman and environmentalist.	German Sterligov	18 October 1966
date of birth	Brian C. Griffin (born 1953) is an American businessman from the Oklahoma who currently serves as the chairman of the board of directors for Clean Energy Systems, a private Rancho Cordova, California based energy technology innovations firm.	Brian C. Griffin	1953
date of birth	Louise Gamman (born 28 August 1983) is a player for England women's national basketball team.	Louise Gamman	1983
date of birth	Duncan Norvelle (born 1958, Hoton, Loughborough, Leicestershire, England) is an English comedian in the variety tradition, who appeared on television from the early 1980s.	Duncan Norvelle	1958
date of birth	Thor Erdahl (born 22 May 1951) is a Norwegian painter from Kabelvåg in Lofoten.	Thor Erdahl	1951
date of birth	Peter Tillers, American scholar of the law of evidence, was born in Riga, Latvia, in 1943 and arrived in the United States in 1950.	Peter Tillers	1943
date of birth	Gunnar Persson (born 1933) is a Swedish cartoonist and comic creator.	Gunnar Persson	1933
date of birth	Suresh Mane (10 August 1960) is an Indian Politician and social reformer who worked for improvement and mobilization of the Bahujan Samaj (OBC, SC and ST).	Suresh Mane	10 August 1960
date of birth	Ralph Pampena (1934-December 15, 2012) was a longtime Pittsburgh Police leader, who served as Pittsburgh Police Chief from May 22, 1987 --	Ralph Pampena	1934
date of birth	Eliana Gil RPT-S, ATR (born 24 April 1948), is a lecturer, writer, and clinician of marriage, family and child.	Eliana Gil	24 April 1948
date of birth	Ed Leigh (born 15 July 1975) is a British sports presenter, snowboarder, and commentator.	Ed Leigh	15 July 1975
date of birth	Otto Drakenberg (born 28 July 1966) is a Swedish fencer and CEO.	Otto Drakenberg	28 July 1966
date of birth	Céline Renooz (7 January 1840 -- 22 February 1928) was a Belgian feminist writer and activist known for her works on evolution, epistemology, and historiography.	Céline Renooz	7 January 1840
date of birth	Ryan Hodson (born 10 October 1989) is an Australian rugby union player currently playing for English Championship side London Welsh.	Ryan Hodson	10 October 1989
date of birth	Sanggyai Yexe (Tibetan: སངས་རྒྱས་ཡེ་ཤེས; Chinese: 桑吉悅希; pinyin: sāngjíyuèxī) or Tian Bao (Chinese: 天宝; pinyin: Tiān Bǎo; February 1917 -- February 21, 2008) was a Chinese government official.	Sanggyai Yexe	February 1917
date of birth	Phillip Hodson (born 1946) is a British psychotherapist, broadcaster and author who popularised ``phone-in'' therapy in his role as Britain's first 'agony uncle'.	Phillip Hodson	1946
date of birth	Kjell Inge Olsen (born 26 September 1961 in Stavanger) is the head scout at Viking FK and former manager of the same club.	Kjell Inge Olsen	26 September 1961
date of birth	Li Sujie (李素節) (646 -- June 24, 690), formally the Prince of Xu (許王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Li Sujie	646
date of birth	Emin Quliyev (born 12 April 1977) is a former Azerbaijani football player and now a coach.	Emin Quliyev	12 April 1977
date of birth	Marcel Cellier (29 October 1925 - 13 December 2013) was a Swiss organist, ethnomusicologist and music producer, internationally known for his Le Mystère des Voix Bulgares project presenting Bulgarian traditional music and his work with Gheorghe Zamfir.	Marcel Cellier	29 October 1925
date of birth	William Roxburgh FRSE FRCPE FLS (3 or 29 June 1751 -- 18 February 1815) was a Scottish surgeon and botanist who worked extensively in India, describing species and working on economic botany.	William Roxburgh	29 June 1751
date of birth	Roberto Russo (Cosenza, 19 November 1966) is an Italian pianist and composer.	Roberto Russo	19 November 1966
date of birth	Jennifer Elder (born 1968, San Francisco) is an American author, illustrator, and assistant editor for the Collins Library.	Jennifer Elder	1968
date of birth	Paul Prashad (born 23 September 1967 in Berbice, Guyana) was a Canadian cricketer, who played his last international game on 17 October 2000.	Paul Prashad	23 September 1967
date of birth	Thomas Dossevi (born 6 March 1979) is a French-born Togolese football striker who plays as a striker for Chonburi.	Thomas Dossevi	6 March 1979
date of birth	Marc Kielburger, CM, OMC (born 1977) is a Canadian author, social entrepreneur, columnist, humanitarian and activist for children's rights.	Marc Kielburger	1977
date of birth	Jahn Teigen (born 27 September 1949) is a Norwegian singer, musician and comedian.	Jahn Teigen	27 September 1949
date of birth	Tibor Spitz (born 1929) is a Jewish artist of Slovak origin and a Holocaust survivor.	Tibor Spitz	1929
date of birth	Anna Willess Williams (1857 -- April 17, 1926) was a teacher and philosophical writer best known as the model for George T. Morgan's silver dollar design, popularly known as the Morgan dollar.	Anna Willess Williams	1857
date of birth	Tomislav Milinković (born 5 June 1984 in Koper, Slovenia) is a Croatian handball player, who currently plays for Croatian Premijer liga club RK Umag.	Tomislav Milinković	5 June 1984
date of birth	Ney Elias, CIE, (10 February 1844 -- 31 May 1897) was a British explorer, geographer, and diplomat, most known for his extensive travels in Asia.	Ney Elias	10 February 1844
date of birth	Salvino Busuttil (born 1936) is a Maltese economist, and philosopher.	Salvino Busuttil	1936
date of birth	Salih Saif Aldin (Arabic: صالح سيف الدين‎; c. 1975 -- October 14, 2007) was an Iraqi journalist and correspondent for the Washington Post.	Salih Saif Aldin	1975
date of birth	Mario Zatelli (21 December 1912 -- 7 January 2004) was a French football (soccer) player and manager.	Mario Zatelli	21 December 1912
date of birth	Gary Knight (1964) is a British photographer, architect and co-founder of the VII Photo Agency and Director of the Program for Narrative & Documentary Practice, a program of the Institute for Global Leadership at Tufts University in the USA.	Gary Knight	1964
date of birth	Dr. Chiang Chen GBM, OBE (Chinese: 蔣震, born 1923 in Heze, Shandong) is a Hong Kong industrialist who is the founder and chairman of the Chen Hsong Holdings Limited since 1958.	Chiang Chen	1923
date of birth	David Henderson MacDonald (c. 1857 - 22 June 1919) was briefly the Conservative MP for Bothwell in Lanarkshire, Scotland.	David Henderson MacDonald	1857
date of birth	Alberto Soriano (5 February 1915 -- 1981) was an Argentine composer and ethnomusicologist.	Alberto Soriano	1915
date of birth	Filippo Strozzi the Younger (1489 -- December 18, 1538) was an Italian condottiero and banker, the most famous member of the Florentine Strozzi family in the Renaissance.	Filippo Strozzi the Younger	1489
date of birth	Dwight Pinkney (born 1945), also known as Brother Dee, is a Jamaican guitarist best known for his work as a session musician and as a member of Zap Pow and the Roots Radics, who since 1999 has recorded as a solo artist.	Dwight Pinkney	1945
date of birth	Terry Peach (born 1951) is an American farmer and politician from Oklahoma.	Terry Peach	1951
date of birth	Péter Komjáth (born 8 April 1953) is a Hungarian mathematician, working in set theory, especially combinatorial set theory.	Péter Komjáth	8 April 1953
date of birth	Mark Melbourne (15 April 1984, Clonmel, Co. Tipperary) is an Irish rugby union footballer.	Mark Melbourne	15 April 1984
date of birth	Nancy McIntosh (1866 -- February 20, 1954) was an American-born singer and actress who performed mostly on the London stage.	Nancy McIntosh	1866
date of birth	Bjørn Erik Melland (born 29 September 1974) is a retired Norwegian football defender who notably played in Tippeligaen for Aalesund.	Bjørn Erik Melland	29 September 1974
date of birth	Shahbaz Nadeem born August 1989, in Muzaffarpur, Bihar is a slow left-arm orthodox bowler for Indian U-19s.	Shahbaz Nadeem	August 1989
date of birth	Peter Martins (born 27 October 1946) is a Danish danseur and choreographer.	Peter Martins	27 October 1946
date of birth	Dolores Dembus Bittleman (1931 --) is an American fiber artist and art conservator.	Dolores Dembus Bittleman	1931
date of birth	Engin Verel (born 15 September 1956 in İstanbul) is former Turkish footballer who played for rivals Fenerbahçe and Galatasaray.	Engin Verel	15 September 1956
date of birth	Philip of Nassau or Filips of Nassau (1 December 1566, Dillenburg -- 3 September 1595, Rheinberg) was a Count of Nassau, Katzenelnbogen, Vianden and Dietz, fought for the United Provinces during the Eighty Years' War.	Philip of Nassau	1 December 1566
date of birth	Biagio Marini (5 February 1594 -- 20 March 1663) was an Italian virtuoso violinist and composer of the first half of the seventeenth century.	Biagio Marini	5 February 1594
date of birth	Norman Weissman (born 1925) is a prolific writer, director and producer of motion pictures and television shows.	Norman Weissman	1925
date of birth	Henry Rono (born 12 February 1952 in Kapsabet) is a Kenyan retired track and field athlete who specialised in various long-distance running events.	Henry Rono	12 February 1952
date of birth	Lotte Lenya (18 October 1898 -- 27 November 1981) was an Austrian singer, diseuse, and actress, long based in the United States.	Lotte Lenya	18 October 1898
date of birth	Walter Lenox (August 17, 1817--July 16, 1874) was Mayor of Washington, D.C. for one two-year term, from 1850 to 1852.	Walter Lenox	1817
date of birth	Chris Townson (24 July 1947 -- 10 February 2008) was a musician, illustrator and social worker.	Chris Townson	24 July 1947
date of birth	Sheila Sri Prakash (6 July 1955, Bhopal, India) is an architect and urban designer of Indian origin.	Sheila Sri Prakash	6 July 1955
date of birth	Dimitri Papadimos (Greek: Δημήτρης Παπαδήμος; 1 May 1918 - 3 May 1994) was a Greek photographer.	Dimitri Papadimos	1 May 1918
date of birth	Stig Roar Myrseth (born 22 November 1972) is a Norwegian financial expert who operates throughout the Nordic and Baltic region.	Stig Roar Myrseth	22 November 1972
date of birth	Kahena Kunze (born 12 March 1991) is a Brazilian sailor in the 49er FX class.	Kahena Kunze	12 March 1991
date of birth	Christopher Wight (born 3 July 1959 in the Cayman Islands) is a former cricketer from the Cayman Islands.	Christopher Wight	3 July 1959
date of birth	Edward Sayres (born 19 December 1815 at North Stoke, Sussex; died 11 January 1888 at Cold Ashton, Gloucestershire) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1838 to 1842.	Edward Sayres	19 December 1815
date of birth	Chan Yik Hei (born 17 October 1989; Chinese: 陳易希, Jyutping: can4 yik6 hei1) is a young entrepreneur in Hong Kong.	Chan Yik Hei	17 October 1989
date of birth	Johannes Withoos (1648 -- c.1688) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and the eldest son of Mathias Withoos and brother of the painters Alida, Maria, Frans and Pieter.	Johannes Withoos	1648
date of birth	Sofia Micu (23 September 1941, Toporăuţi, Cernăuţi County, today in Ukraine), known by her stage name of Sofia Vicoveanca, is a renowned Romanian singer of popular music from the Bucovina region.	Sofia Vicoveanca	23 September 1941
date of birth	Alejandro González Malavé approx born (1958) died (April, 26, 1986 in Bayamón, Puerto Rico) was a Puerto Rican undercover agent who gained infamy with the Cerro Maravilla case scandal.	Alejandro González Malavé	1958
date of birth	Paul Le Guen (French pronunciation: ​(pɔl lə ɡwɛn); born 1 March 1964) is a French football manager and a former player.	Paul Le Guen	1 March 1964
date of birth	Jack Blencowe (17 May 1891 -- 19 August 1951) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Blencowe	17 May 1891
date of birth	Hermenegildo Alóitez (c. 898-before 966), was a magnate and member of the highest nobility of Galicia in the 10th-century.	Hermenegildo Alóitez	898
date of birth	Stjepan Krasić (pronounced (stjêpaːn krásit͡ɕ)) (6 October 1938) is Croatian historian, theologian and Roman Catholic friar of the Order of Preachers, member of the Croatian Dominican Province.	Stjepan Krasić	6 October 1938
date of birth	Lucius Edwin Smith (29 January 1822, in Williamstown, Massachusetts -- 1900) was a United States lawyer, editor, clergyman and educator.	Lucius Edwin Smith	29 January 1822
date of birth	Donald Michael Thomas, known as D. M. Thomas (born 27 January 1935), is a British novelist, poet, playwright and translator.	D. M. Thomas	27 January 1935
date of birth	Arciso Artesiani (21 January 1922 - 16 March 2005) was an Italian professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Arciso Artesiani	21 January 1922
date of birth	Philomena Lee (born 24 March 1933) is an Irish woman whose life was chronicled in the 2009 book by Martin Sixsmith titled The Lost Child of Philomena Lee.	Philomena Lee	24 March 1933
date of birth	Joel Mokyr (born 26 July 1946) is an American and Israeli economic historian.	Joel Mokyr	26 July 1946
date of birth	Shivshankar Menon (born 5 July 1949) is an Indian diplomat, who served as National Security Adviser to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.	Shivshankar Menon	5 July 1949
date of birth	Donald Cameron (born c. 1550; also known as Black Taylor of the Axe; Scottish Gaelic Taillear Dubh na Tuaighe) lived in the Scottish Highlands during the reign of Mary, Queen of Scots.	Taillear Dubh na Tuaighe	1550
date of birth	Francisco Fydriszewski (born 13 April 1993) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Argentine Primera Division club Newell's Old Boys.	Francisco Fydriszewski	13 April 1993
date of birth	Richard Billingham (born 25 September 1970) is an English photographer and artist who is best known for his photobook Ray's A Laugh which documents the life of his alcoholic father Ray, and obese, heavily tattooed mother, Liz.	Richard Billingham	25 September 1970
date of birth	Jan Taminiau (born 14 September 1975) is a Dutch clothes designer who launched his own fashion label bearing his name (written as one word) in 2003.	Jan Taminiau	14 September 1975
date of birth	Ridha Charfeddine (born 2 July 1952) is a Tunisian politician and sportsmanager.	Ridha Charfeddine	2 July 1952
date of birth	Rupert Maas (born 1960) is an English painting specialist and gallery owner.	Rupert Maas	1960
date of birth	Timna Brauer (Hebrew: תמנע בראואר‎; born May 1, 1961) is an Austrian-Israeli singer-songwriter, and the daughter of painter, writer and singer Arik Brauer.	Timna Brauer	1961
date of birth	George Thengummoottil (born 10 January 1985) is an Indian writer and photographer known for his travel writing.He is also known as a filmmaker.	George Thengummoottil	10 January 1985
date of birth	Hassan Azarnia (حسن آذرنیا in Persian, born 27 June 1957) is an Iranian former footballer and coach.	Hassan Azarnia	27 June 1957
date of birth	Corrado Passera (born 30 December 1954) is an Italian manager and banker who has held numerous executive-level positions in various industrial and financial sectors and served as minister of economic development and infrastructure and transport in the Mario Monti Cabinet.	Corrado Passera	30 December 1954
date of birth	Gaetano Letizia (born 29 June 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays for Carpi as a right back.	Gaetano Letizia	29 June 1990
date of birth	Amiram Goldblum (Hebrew: עמירם גולדבלום‎; born 22 December 1945) is an Israeli chemist and activist in the Israeli--	Amiram Goldblum	1945
date of birth	Steven Assael (born 1957) is an American painter recognized nationally as one of the leading representational figurative artists of his generation.	Steven Assael	1957
date of birth	David Hannah (born 4 August 1973) is a Scottish footballer and coach, who played in central midfield.	David Hannah	4 August 1973
date of birth	Diarmuid Scully (born, 25 January 1972) is a member of Limerick City Council and former Mayor of Limerick.	Diarmuid Scully	25 January 1972
date of birth	Mike Ripley was born in 1952 and is the British author of the award-winning ``Angel'' series of comedy thrillers as well as a critic and archaeologist.	Mike Ripley	1952
date of birth	Sir Giles Brydges, 1st Baronet (1573 - August 1637) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629.	Sir Giles Brydges, 1st Baronet	1573
date of birth	Ali Hassan Salameh (Arabic: علي حسن سلامة‎, ʿAlī Ḥasan Salāmah) (1940 -- 22 January 1979) was the chief of operations--code name Abu Hassan--for Black September, the organization responsible for the 1972 Munich massacre and other terror attacks.	Ali Hassan Salameh	1940
date of birth	Meetha Lal Mehta, born 1939, did his early college studies at the National Defence College in New Delhi from where he graduated in Physics and secured his master's degree from Rajasthan University.	Meetha Lal Mehta	1939
date of birth	Gholam Hossein Koohi (Persian: غلامحسین کوهی‎‎, born 10 January 1951) is an Iranian former cyclist.	Gholam Hossein Koohi	10 January 1951
date of birth	Professor Kunibert Raffer (born 1951) is a development researcher.	Kunibert Raffer	1951
date of birth	William C. Griesbach (born 1954) is Chief United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin.	William C. Griesbach	1954
date of birth	Alex Deakin (born Alexander Roy Deakin, 1974, North Ferriby, near Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire) is a weatherman for the BBC, broadcasting on British television and radio.	Alex Deakin	1974
date of birth	Celeste Lyn Paul (born 13 August 1981) is an expert in interface design and usability.	Celeste Lyn Paul	13 August 1981
date of birth	Heinrich Racker (1910, Poland -- 28 January 1961, Buenos Aires) was a Polish Argentine psychoanalyst of Austrian-Jewish origin.	Heinrich Racker	1910
date of birth	Holly Kinser (born 1965) is a Pennsylvania lobbyist, where she is the Executive Vice President of S. R. Wojdak & Associates.	Holly Kinser	1965
date of birth	Eduard Estivill Sancho (b. Barcelona, 1948) is a doctor and a specialist in Sleep Medicine.	Eduard Estivill Sancho	1948
date of birth	Mary Coustas (Greek: Μαρία Κούστας; born 16 September 1964) is an Australian actress, comedian and television personality.	Mary Coustas	16 September 1964
date of birth	Fulcher of Chartres (1059 in or near Chartres - after 1128) was a priest and participated in the First Crusade.	Fulcher of Chartres	1059
date of birth	Fletcher Kapito (born 19 October 1959) is a Malawian former boxer.	Fletcher Kapito	19 October 1959
date of birth	Huey Johnson (born 1933) is a self-described environmentalist and the founder of Resource Renewal Institute (RRI), a non-profit organization that deals with environmental sustainability.	Huey Johnson	1933
date of birth	Bernat Rosner (born 29 January 1932) is a survivor of Auschwitz concentration camp and Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.	Bernat Rosner	29 January 1932
date of birth	David Burton-Richardson (born 1961) is a Welsh artist and poet.	David Burton-Richardson	1961
date of birth	Paul Atherton (born 20 March 1968) is managing director of Simple (TV) Productions and its sister not-for-profit company, Q&D Productions Limited.	Paul Atherton	20 March 1968
date of birth	Richard Eu Yee Ming (born 1947) is a Singaporean businessperson and musician.	Richard Eu	1947
date of birth	Moses Golola (Born 22 May 1980) is a Ugandan self-made celebrity, entertainer, and kickboxer known for building his personal brand.	Moses Golola	22 May 1980
date of birth	Rhys Millen (born 6 September 1972), nephew of IMSA GTS driver Steve Millen, son of Rod and elder brother of Ryan, is one of the America's top competitors in drifting.	Rhys Millen	6 September 1972
date of birth	Shirley Hazzard (born 30 January 1931) is an Australian author of fiction and non-fiction.	Shirley Hazzard	30 January 1931
date of birth	León Klimovsky (16 October 1906--8 April 1996) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter and film producer.	León Klimovsky	16 October 1906
date of birth	Eamonn Melaugh (born 4 July 1933) is a socialist, campaigner and political activist from Derry.	Eamonn Melaugh	1933
date of birth	Alexander H. Joffe (born 1959) Alex Joffe is an archaeologist and historian of the Near East.	Alexander H. Joffe	1959
date of birth	Michael Tuchner (born 1934) is a British film and theatre director.	Michael Tuchner	1934
date of birth	Suezan Aikins, RCA, (born 1952), is a Canadian printmaker, painter and sculptor living in Nova Scotia.	Suezan Aikins	1952
date of birth	Nick Morgan (born Nicholas H. Morgan in 1953) is an American speaking coach and author.	Nick Morgan	1953
date of birth	James Govan (September 2, 1949 -- July 18, 2014) was an American Blues soul singer.	James Govan	1949
date of birth	Han Xizai (韓熙載) (902 -- August 31, 970), courtesy name Shuyan (叔言), was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period states Wu and Southern Tang, who was known for his writing and calligraphy skills.	Han Xizai	902
date of birth	Peter Praet (born 20 January 1949 in Herchen near Eitorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) is executive board member and chief economist of the European Central Bank.	Peter Praet	20 January 1949
date of birth	Stoney LaRue (born Stoney Larue Phillips in 1977) is a Texas Country/Red Dirt artist.	Stoney LaRue	1977
date of birth	Dennis Kavanagh (born 27 March 1941) is a British political analyst and since 1996 has been Professor of Politics at the University of Liverpool, and now Emeritus Professor.	Dennis Kavanagh	27 March 1941
date of birth	Dr. Eva-Maria Neher (née Ruhr, born 22 November 1950) is a German scientist in the fields of biochemistry and microbiology.	Eva-Maria Neher	22 November 1950
date of birth	Darren Webster (born 10 June 1966 in Norwich) is an English darts player nicknamed Demolition Man.	Darren Webster	10 June 1966
date of birth	Devrim Cenk Ulusoy (born 2 January 1973) is a Turkish World record holder free-diver.	Devrim Cenk Ulusoy	2 January 1973
date of birth	Peder Lamm (born 4 December 1970) is a Swedish antiques expert and television personality, best known for his work at Otroligt antikt which is broadcast on SVT.	Peder Lamm	4 December 1970
date of birth	Daryl Morey (born 1972) is an American sports executive.	Daryl Morey	1972
date of birth	Abou Moussa (born in 1950), native of Chad, currently serves as the Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Regional Office for Central Africa (UNOCA), based in Libreville, Gabon.	Abou Moussa	1950
date of birth	José Roberto Marinho (26 December 1955) is a Brazilian businessman and one of the three sons of the deceased communications tycoon Roberto Marinho (1904-2003).	José Roberto Marinho	26 December 1955
date of birth	Arie van Vliet (18 March 1916 -- 9 July 2001) was a Dutch sprint cyclist.	Arie van Vliet	18 March 1916
date of birth	Craig McGregor (born 12 October 1933, in Jamberoo, New South Wales) is an Australian journalist, essayist, academic, cultural observer and critic.	Craig McGregor	12 October 1933
date of birth	Wei Tao-ming (Chinese: 魏道明 Pinyin: Wèi Dàomíng; October 28, 1899 -- May 18, 1978) was a distinguished diplomat and public servant.	Wei Tao-ming	1899
date of birth	Sagiv Yehezkel (Hebrew: שגיב יחזקאל‎; born 21 March 1995) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Sagiv Yehezkel	21 March 1995
date of birth	Cherono Koech (8 December 1992 in Kericho) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner.	Cherono Koech	8 December 1992
date of birth	Jennifer Jako (born 1973) is an AIDS activist, filmmaker, photographer, lecturer and designer.	Jennifer Jako	1973
date of birth	Sjur Bygd (28 April 1889 -- 29 October 1985) was a Norwegian novelist, farmer and local politician.	Sjur Bygd	28 April 1889
date of birth	T. John Ward (born 1943) is a retired United States federal judge for the Eastern District of Texas.	T. John Ward	1943
date of birth	John Andrew Ross (born 1954) is a District Judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.	John Andrew Ross	1954
date of birth	Anna Orlik (Belarusian: Ганна Орлік; Russian: Анна Орлик; born 5 March 1993) is a Belarusian tennis player.	Anna Orlik	5 March 1993
date of birth	Barry Langford (7 February 1926 -- 25 July 2012) was a television and music director, producer, and businessman.	Barry Langford	7 February 1926
date of birth	Sokkate (Burmese: စုက္ကတေး (soʊʔ kə té); 29 March 1001 -- 16 December 1044) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1038 to 1044.	Sokkate	29 March 1001
date of birth	Brian Hirsch (born 1973) is a New York-based venture capitalist (active since 1997).	Brian Hirsch	1973
date of birth	Francis Fenwick, D.D. (1645--1694), was an English Benedictine monk.	Francis Fenwick	1645
date of birth	Lilit Galojan (Armenian: Լիլիթ Գալոյան; born 17 June 1983) is an Armenian Woman Grand Master and International Master since 2010.	Lilit Galojan	1983
date of birth	Josef Maria Horváth (born 20 December 1931 in Pécs, Hungary) is a Hungarian composer, pianist, and conductor.	Josef Maria Horváth	20 December 1931
date of birth	Raza Jaffrey (born 2 January 1975) is a British actor and singer, currently starring as Dr. Neal Hudson on the CBS TV medical drama Code Black.	Raza Jaffrey	1975
date of birth	Gérard Balanche (born 18 January 1968) is a Swiss ski jumper who competed from 1985 to 1989.	Gérard Balanche	18 January 1968
date of birth	John Zuccarini (born September 20, 1947 ) is an American businessman who served time in federal prison for violating the Truth in Domain Names Act.	John Zuccarini	1947
date of birth	Novak Tomić (Serbian Cyrillic: Новак Томић; 7 January 1936 -- 23 July 2003) is a former Serbian football player.	Novak Tomić	7 January 1936
date of birth	Nigel Waymouth (born 1941) is a designer and artist, a co-partner in the boutique, Granny Takes a Trip, and one of the two-man team, Hapshash and the Coloured Coat, which designed psychedelic posters in the 1960s.	Nigel Waymouth	1941
date of birth	Scott Sellars (born 27 November 1965) is an English former professional football player, who was Head of Academy Coaching at Manchester City.	Scott Sellars	27 November 1965
date of birth	Jean-Louis Lebon (born 13 June 1967) is a retired French shot putter.	Jean-Louis Lebon	13 June 1967
date of birth	Ali Bin Nasser (also spelled Ali Bennaceur, born 2 March 1944) is a former Tunisian football referee.	Ali Bin Nasser	2 March 1944
date of birth	Major-General John Boteler Parker (29 May 1786 - 25 March 1851) was a notable British Army general of the early 19th century.	John Boteler Parker	29 May 1786
date of birth	Bishop Dr Henry Hanlon MHM (7 January 1862-18 August 1937) was an English Roman Catholic bishop, belonging to the order of the Mill Hill Missionaries.	Henry Hanlon	7 January 1862
date of birth	Vladimír Jirásek (born 2 November 1933) is a retired Czechoslovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s.	Vladimír Jirásek	2 November 1933
date of birth	Mark Kenneally (born 18 April 1981) in Celbridge is an Irish Marathon runner.	Mark Kenneally	18 April 1981
date of birth	Josef Maria Klumb (born 1962) is a German musician who has been a member of a number of punk rock, industrial, and darkwave bands in the ``dark culture''.	Josef Maria Klumb	1962
date of birth	Elena Bobrovskaya (born 11 April 1975) is a retired Kyrgyz athlete who specialized in the 100 metres and long jump.	Elena Bobrovskaya	11 April 1975
date of birth	Hernán Rengifo Trigoso (born 18 April 1983) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a striker in the Peruvian Primera División for Juan Aurich.	Hernán Rengifo	18 April 1983
date of birth	Luciano Astudillo (born 1972) is an ordinary member of the Swedish Riksdag.	Luciano Astudillo	1972
date of birth	John Rocha CBE (born 23 August 1953) is a Hong Kong born fashion designer who is based in Ireland.	John Rocha	23 August 1953
date of birth	Harald Marg (born 26 September 1954) is an East German sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s.	Harald Marg	26 September 1954
date of birth	Miguel Urrutia Montoya (born 20 April 1939) is a Colombian economist and author, currently serving as Titular Professor of Economics at the University of the Andes in Bogotá.	Miguel Urrutia Montoya	20 April 1939
date of birth	Mustapha Faysal El Idrissi (born 16 November 1977) is a half-Moroccan, half-French football player who plays on the left and right of midfield.	Faysal El Idrissi	16 November 1977
date of birth	Ajit Varman (Hindi: अजीत वर्मन sometimes also credited as Ajit Verman) born Ajit Singh Varman on 26 March 1947 is an Indian film music composer.	Ajit Varman	26 March 1947
date of birth	Sylvia Iparraguirre (born 1947) is an Argentine novelist and human rights activist.	Sylvia Iparraguirre	1947
date of birth	Jamilur Reza Choudhury (born 15 November 1943) is a Bangladeshi civil engineer, professor, researcher, and education advocate.	Jamilur Reza Choudhury	15 November 1943
date of birth	Jamie Farndale (born 21 February 1994) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for the Scotland 7s team in the World Rugby Sevens Series.	Jamie Farndale	21 February 1994
date of birth	Charles Makongoro Nyerere (born 30 January 1959) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a retired army officer of the Tanzania People's Defence Force.	Makongoro Nyerere	30 January 1959
date of birth	Aleksey Bazarov (Hebrew: אלכסיי באזארוב‎, Russian: Алексей Базаров) born 14 October 1963) is a retired Israeli athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.	Aleksey Bazarov	1963
date of birth	Henry Monheim (1824--1893) was an American architect who was one of the first ``Gentile'' (non-Mormon) architects practicing in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Henry Monheim	1824
date of birth	Gérard Veilleux, OC (born 1942) was president of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation from 1989 to 1993.	Gérard Veilleux	1942
date of birth	Tero Puha (born 1971) is a Finnish visual artist, photographer and filmmaker.	Tero Puha	1971
date of birth	Bruce Lester (6 June 1912 -- 13 June 2008) was a South African-born English film actor with over 60 screen appearances to his credit between 1934 and his retirement from acting in 1958.	Bruce Lester	6 June 1912
date of birth	Minarni (later Minarni Soedaryanto; 10 May 1944 in Pasuruan, East Java -- 14 May 2003 in Pertamina Hospital, South Jakarta) was an Indonesian badminton player who won major titles around the world and who represented her country internationally between 1959 and 1975.	Minarni	10 May 1944
date of birth	Christian Stauffer born 1579 in the village of Eggiwil, Switzerland was a leader in the Anabaptist movement during the 17th century.	Christian Stauffer	1579
date of birth	Gastone Tisalvi, best known as Rino Salviati (12 June 1922 -- 2 January 2016) was an Italian singer, guitarist and film actor.	Rino Salviati	12 June 1922
date of birth	Ahmet Üstüntaş (born 27 January 1990) is a Turkish biathlete.	Ahmet Üstüntaş	27 January 1990
date of birth	Johan Reekers (born in Enschede on 28 December 1957) is a Dutch Paralympian who was born without legs .	Johan Reekers	28 December 1957
date of birth	Pi Zongshi (Chinese: 皮宗石; pinyin: Pí Zōngshí; 23 August 1887 -- 1967) was a Chinese educator and politician who served as President of Hunan University from July 1936 to September 1940.	Pi Zongshi	23 August 1887
date of birth	Marcelle von Wendland (born 1970) is a British entrepreneur, executive, published author and expert in the area of risk and financial instruments as well as semantic data models and data utilities.	Marcelle von Wendland	1970
date of birth	Con Doherty (8 November 1884 -- 28 June 1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Con Doherty	8 November 1884
date of birth	Ion Constantinescu (born 1896, date of death unknown) was a Romanian brigadier general during World War II.	Ion Constantinescu	1896
date of birth	Mario Cvitanović (born 6 May 1975) is a Croatian football coach and a former defender.	Mario Cvitanović	6 May 1975
date of birth	Even Steven Levee, born Steven Louis Levee (1951--present) in Crown Heights, New York.	Even Steven Levee	1951
date of birth	Jerry Rosario (Tamil: ஜெரி ரொசாரியோ; born 2 October 1952) is an Indian Jesuit priest (from the Tamil area), a theologian, a pastor, a writer, a social activist and a civil lawyer -- all rolled into one.	Jerry Rosario	2 October 1952
date of birth	Simon Rowland-Jones (born 1950) is a violist, composer, and music editor.	Simon Rowland-Jones	1950
date of birth	Imre Gellei (born 29 March 1950) is a former Hungarian football player who is the coach of Paksi SE.	Imre Gellei	29 March 1950
date of birth	Jadalathimmanahalli Krishnappa Srinivasa Murthy (born 15 May 1949), known popularly as Srinivasa Murthy, is an Indian actor and television director.	Srinivasa Murthy	15 May 1949
date of birth	Chief Samuel Ankama (born 27 October 1957 in Otshaandja, Oshana Region) is a Namibian politician, traditional leader, and educator.	Samuel Ankama	27 October 1957
date of birth	Ahmet Fehim (1856, Istanbul - August 2, 1930, Istanbul) was a Turkish theater and film actor and director.	Ahmet Fehim	1856
date of birth	Svetlana Laukhova (Cyrillic: Светлана Лаухова; born 1 February 1973) is a retired Russian athlete who specialised in the 100 metres hurdles.	Svetlana Laukhova	1 February 1973
date of birth	Simon Verity (born 1945) is a British sculptor and master stonecarver.	Simon Verity	1945
date of birth	Elizabeth Habte Wold (born 1963) is an Ethiopian artist known for her mixed-media work.	Elizabeth Habte Wold	1963
date of birth	John Varty (born 27 November 1950) is a South African wildlife filmmaker who has made more than 30 documentaries and one feature film.	John Varty	27 November 1950
date of birth	Patricia Kennedy Grimsted (born 1935) is a historian focused on the dispossession and restitution of cultural materials during and after World War Two.	Patricia Kennedy Grimsted	1935
date of birth	Alexandros Giotis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Γιώτης ) (1953--2011) was a Greek journalist.	Alexandros Giotis	1953
date of birth	Charles Regan (11 May 1842 -- 17 May 1921) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1877.	Charles Regan	11 May 1842
date of birth	Mulugeta Buli (1917--1960) was an Ethiopian military general and politician.	Mulugeta Buli	1917
date of birth	Ryan Jennings (born 8 July 1995) is an English footballer who plays for Cheltenham Town on loan from Wigan Athletic.	Ryan Jennings	8 July 1995
date of birth	Charles Wriothesley (/ˈraɪəθsli/ REYE-əths-lee; 8 May 1508 -- 25 January 1562) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.	Charles Wriothesley	8 May 1508
date of birth	Les Murdoch (born 1957), based in Bowraville, New South Wales, Australia is a contemporary artist who began painting in the mid-1990s.	Les Murdoch	1957
date of birth	New York filmmaker Aran Tharp was born in 1977, and raised in Edwardsville, IL.	Aran Tharp	1977
date of birth	Pedro Toledo Dávila (1943--December 23, 2012) was a former Superintendent of the Puerto Rico Police Department.	Pedro Toledo	1943
date of birth	Dean Ford (born Thomas McAleese on 5 September 1946) is a Scottish singer and songwriter best known for his tenure as lead vocalist and frontman of the beat pop group Marmalade from 1966 to 1974.	Dean Ford	5 September 1946
date of birth	Kari Sørby (28 October 1938 -- 28 September 1987) was a Norwegian television personality.	Kari Sørby	28 October 1938
date of birth	Richárd Hoffmann (born 17 November 1978) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre FC as striker.	Richárd Hoffmann	17 November 1978
date of birth	Stephanie Trick (born 1987 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American stride, ragtime and jazz pianist.	Stephanie Trick	1987
date of birth	Joel Chadabe (born 1938) is a composer, author, and internationally recognized pioneer in the development of interactive music systems.	Joel Chadabe	1938
date of birth	Thea Stabell (born 4 July 1939), née Dorothea Jessie Pierstorff, is a Norwegian actress.	Thea Stabell	4 July 1939
date of birth	Alain Dolium (born 11 December 1967) is a French businessman, politician and a member of the MoDem.	Alain Dolium	11 December 1967
date of birth	Leif Hoste (born 17 July 1977) is a retired Belgian professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for UCI Professional Continental Team team Accent.jobs-Willems Veranda's.	Leif Hoste	17 July 1977
date of birth	Rich Nathan (born December 1955) has been the senior Pastor of Vineyard Columbus since 1987.	Rich Nathan	1955
date of birth	Markus Prock (born 22 June 1964) is an Austrian luger who competed between 1983 and 2002.	Markus Prock	22 June 1964
date of birth	Paul Gratzik (born 30 November 1935 in Lindenhof, near Lötzen in East Prussia) is a German dramatist and novelist.	Paul Gratzik	1935
date of birth	Gene Emerson (born 30 August 1997) is a Canadian composer and pianist residing in the Greater Vancouver Area.	Gene Emerson	30 August 1997
date of birth	Lana Trotovšek (born 1983) is a London-based Slovenian violinist.	Lana Trotovšek	1983
date of birth	Thomas Vincent Faustus Sadler (1604--1681) was a Roman Catholic missionary in England and spiritual author.	Thomas Vincent Faustus Sadler	1604
date of birth	Radojka Kesić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радојка Кесић, née Adžić (Аџић); born 21 May 1976), known by her stage name Dara Bubamara (Дара Бубамара), is one of the most popular Serbian pop-folk recording artist.	Dara Bubamara	21 May 1976
date of birth	Lullaby Baxter (born Angelina Iapaolo in Scarborough, Ontario, 1970) is a Canadian jazz singer.	Lullaby Baxter	1970
date of birth	Zhang Yuxuan (simplified Chinese: 张宇璇; traditional Chinese: 張宇璇; pinyin: Zhāngyǔxuān; born 19 August 1994) is a professional tennis player from China.	Zhang Yuxuan	19 August 1994
date of birth	Benizelos Roufos (Greek: Μπενιζέλος Ρούφος; 1795 - 1868) was a Greek politician and Prime Minister.	Benizelos Roufos	1795
date of birth	Daryl Bourke (born 7 April 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Daryl Bourke	7 April 1965
date of birth	William K. Hathaway (born 1944) is a contemporary American poet who has published eight collections of poetry with Ithaca House, Louisiana State University Press, University of Central Florida Press, Canios Editions, and Chester Creek Press.	William K. Hathaway	1944
date of birth	James Haddow (1872 -- 1943) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darwen.	James Haddow	1872
date of birth	Juan José Oré (born 12 June 1954) is a Peruvian football manager and a former striker.	Juan José Oré	12 June 1954
date of birth	Barry Frank (born September 1930) was a hit smooth-voiced 1950s and early 1960s pop and rock and roll vocalist who was professionally recorded on 78s, 45s, 33s, and many extended play long play albums for Bell, Columbia, Jubilee, Seeco and other record companies in the United States and Europe.	Barry Frank	1930
date of birth	Hugh Aldersey-Williams (born 1959) is an author and journalist from the United Kingdom.	Hugh Aldersey-Williams	1959
date of birth	Gonzalo Asencio Hernández (5 April 1919 -- 1991), known as Tío Tom (Uncle Tom), was an Afro-Cuban musician who specialized in the rumba and its variant, the guaguancó.	Tío Tom	5 April 1919
date of birth	Jonjoe Kenny (born 15 March 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Oxford United on loan from Everton.	Jonjoe Kenny	15 March 1997
date of birth	Tracy Ip Chui Chui (simplified Chinese: 叶翠翠; traditional Chinese: 葉翠翠; pinyin: Yé Cuìcuì; Jyutping: Jip6 Ceoi3 Ceoi3; born 10 September 1981 in Hong Kong with family roots in Shanghai) was Miss Hong Kong 2005.	Tracy Ip	10 September 1981
date of birth	Richard Dafydd Vivian Llewellyn Lloyd (8 December 1906 -- 30 November 1983), known by his pen name Richard Llewellyn, was a British novelist.	Richard Llewellyn	8 December 1906
date of birth	José André Soares Lima (born 10 May 1971), known as André Lima, is a former Portuguese futsal player who played as a winger, and the current coach of Chinese club Guangzhou Lixun.	José André Soares Lima	10 May 1971
date of birth	Francis Huntley (1787?-1831) was an English actor.	Francis Huntley	1787
date of birth	Nicolás Zúñiga y Miranda (13 May 1865 -- 8 July 1925) was a Mexican eccentric who was famous for being a perennial candidate in his country's presidential elections.	Nicolás Zúñiga y Miranda	1865
date of birth	Wendy Owen (born 1954) is an English former international football defender and coach.	Wendy Owen	1954
date of birth	Fernando Augustin, full name Jean Fernando Augustin (born 25 April 1980) is a Mauritian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Fernando Augustin	25 April 1980
date of birth	Elvin Polanco (born 14 July 1969) is a music promoter from the Dominican Republic.	Elvin Polanco	14 July 1969
date of birth	Karl Puth (1891--1955) was a German cinematographer	Karl Puth	1891
date of birth	Ou Shizi (Chinese: 區適子; pinyin: Ōu Shìzǐ; Wade--Giles: Ou Shih-tzu; 1234--1324) was a Song Dynasty scholar.	Ou Shizi	1234
date of birth	Hercules Ross (1745 -- December 25, 1816) was a Scottish merchant, who made a fortune in Jamaica, became an intimate friend of Horatio Nelson and figured prominently, if briefly, in the campaign for the abolition of the slave trade.	Hercules Ross	1745
date of birth	Henrik Havas (b. 25 June 1949 as Henrik Rokobauer) is a Hungarian journalist who served as spokesman of the Hungarian government from 1 November 1995 to 7 November 1995.	Henrik Havas	25 June 1949
date of birth	Beness Aijo (Russian: Бенес Айо, born 8 June 1979 in Rēzekne, Latvian SSR) is a UK-based Latvian citizen and an activist of the Communist Party of Great Britain (Marxist--Leninist), and the Korean Friendship Association-UK.	Beness Aijo	8 June 1979
date of birth	Sir Theodore Wilson Harris (born 24 March 1921) is a Guyanese writer.	Wilson Harris	24 March 1921
date of birth	Socorro Venegas (born in 1972) is an award-winning Mexican writer.	Socorro Venegas	1972
date of birth	Denis Piel was born in France on 1 March 1944, raised in Australia and educated in the United States.	Denis Piel	1 March 1944
date of birth	V. N. Reddy (Telugu: వి.ఎన్.రెడ్డి; 20 November 1914 -- December 1991) was an Indian cinematographer and director who worked predominantly in Telugu films, Bollywood, and few Tamil films for over thirty years starting from 1943.	V. N. Reddy	20 November 1914
date of birth	Sulaiman Baba Timbo (born 1938 in Rokulan, Sanda Tendaren, Bombali District, Sierra Leone) is a former student of 'The Bo School', a graduate of Durham University (currently Fourah Bay College, University of Sierra Leone) and a former student union Leader.	Sulaiman Baba Timbo	1938
date of birth	Irvin Duguid (born 18 December 1969, Aberchirder, Aberdeenshire) is a Scottish musician and composer.	Irvin Duguid	18 December 1969
date of birth	Jess Mynes (born 1970) is a poet and is editor of Fewer and Further Press.	Jess Mynes	1970
date of birth	Albert Theodor Alexius Moeskau (born 27 September 1864) was a Norwegian laborer and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties.	Albert Theodor Alexius Moeskau	27 September 1864
date of birth	Lenísio Teixeira Júnior (born 23 October 1976), commonly known as Lenísio, is a former Brazilian futsal player.	Lenísio	23 October 1976
date of birth	Ali Sabah Adday Al-Qaysi (born 1 January 1977) is an Iraqi football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.	Ali Sabah	1 January 1977
date of birth	Flavia Vento (born 17 April 1977) is an Italian model, actress and presenter.	Flavia Vento	17 April 1977
date of birth	Behrooz Astaneh was born in Shiraz, Iran in 1964 and graduated in medicine from Shiraz University of Medical Sciences.	Behrooz Astaneh	1964
date of birth	Catrin Thomas (born 5 October 1964) from Caernarfon, Wales, is a British ski mountaineer and mountain climber.	Catrin Thomas	5 October 1964
date of birth	Nicholas Melady Jr. (1845 -- December 7, 1869) was a convicted murderer from Huron County, Ontario, Canada .	Nicholas Melady	1845
date of birth	Maurizio Milan (born 21 July 1952) is an Italian engineer.	Maurizio Milan	21 July 1952
date of birth	Angela D'Amore (born 10 October 1971), a former Australian politician, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, representing the electorate of Drummoyne from 2003 until 2011.	Angela D'Amore	10 October 1971
date of birth	Isaac Adamson, born in Fort Collins, Colorado in 1971, is the American author of a series of mystery novels set in Japan and featuring journalist and amateur detective Billy Chaka.	Isaac Adamson	1971
date of birth	Jagdish Khebudkar (1932 - May 3, 2011) was a Marathi littérateur and lyricist of Marathi cinema, known for his songs in films like Pinjra (1972), Sadhi Manse, Samna (1975), Chandra Hota Sakshila and Ashtavinayak.	Jagdish Khebudkar	1932
date of birth	Stephen Pusey (born 1952) is a New York-based artist of Irish and British descent.	Stephen Pusey	1952
date of birth	Tobias Arlt (born 2 June 1987) is a German luger who has competed since 1991, acting as a backdriver.	Tobias Arlt	2 June 1987
date of birth	Bhante Shravasti Dhammika (born 1951 in Australia) is a Buddhist monk.	Shravasti Dhammika	1951
date of birth	Jaba Kankava (Georgian: ჯაბა კანკავა) (born 18 March 1986) is a Georgian footballer.	Jaba Kankava	18 March 1986
date of birth	Armin Meiwes (English pronunciation: /ˈɑːrmɪn ˈmaɪvəs/; born 1 December 1961) is a German man who achieved international notoriety for killing and eating a voluntary victim whom he had found via the Internet.	Armin Meiwes	1 December 1961
date of birth	Neil Renilson (born 1955 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a businessman who works in the travel and tourism industry.	Neil Renilson	1955
date of birth	Kumar Sankar Roy was born in 1882 and was a scion of the zamindar family of Teota (now in Bangladesh).	Kumar Sankar Roy	1882
date of birth	Ian Knox (born 4 May 1943, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a political cartoonist for the Irish News, and also drew cartoons for the BBC Northern Ireland political show Hearts and Minds.	Ian Knox	4 May 1943
date of birth	Mel Krantzler (1920 -- October 31, 2011) was an American psychologist best known for his popular 1974 book, Creative Divorce, which remained on The New York Times Bestseller List for a year and sold three million copies.	Mel Krantzler	1920
date of birth	John Brendan McNally, known as Brendan McNally (born 22 January 1935 in Dublin), is an Irish former professional footballer.	Brendan McNally	22 January 1935
date of birth	Percy Thorpe (born 18 July 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played at right-back for Sutton Town, Blackpool, Connah's Quay & Shotton, Reading, Sheffield United, West Ham United, Accrington Stanley, and Port Vale.	Percy Thorpe	18 July 1899
date of birth	Carl Stenborg (8 September 1752 -- 1 August 1813) was a Swedish opera singer, actor, composer and theatre director.	Carl Stenborg	8 September 1752
date of birth	Philip Brooke Barnes (15 June 1926 -- 27 July 2009) was a pioneer of cultural travel who did much to foster understanding of different cultures amongst the more than 80,000 participants who signed up for his tours and the hundreds of scholars and projects he supported over five decades.	Philip Brooke Barnes	15 June 1926
date of birth	Sir Nicholas Dominic Cadbury (born 12 May 1940) is a British businessman and member of the Cadbury chocolate manufacturing dynasty.	Dominic Cadbury	12 May 1940
date of birth	Diane Modahl (née Edwards, born 17 June 1966) is an English former middle distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres.	Diane Modahl	17 June 1966
date of birth	General Michel Joachim Marie Raymond (25 September 1755 -- 25 March 1798), popularly known as Monsieur Raymond, was a French General in Nizam's military and the founder of Gunfoundry Hyderabad, Hyderabad.	Michel Joachim Marie Raymond	25 September 1755
date of birth	Kristina Savitskaya (Russian: Савицкая Кристина born 10 June 1991) is a Russian track and field athlete.	Kristina Savitskaya	10 June 1991
date of birth	K. N. Sitaram (1889--1940) was the first Indian to head the fCentral Museum, Lahore, Pakistan, as successor to John Lockwood Kipling.	K. N. Sitaram	1889
date of birth	Barbara Kinghorn (born 21 November 1944) is a British actress who was a member of the Royal Shakespeare company from 1980 - 1983 playing Lady Capulet in Romeo and Juliet and Helen of Troy in Troilus and Cressida.	Barbara Kinghorn	21 November 1944
date of birth	Marian Penner Bancroft (born 1947) is a Canadian artist and photographer based in Vancouver.	Marian Penner Bancroft	1947
date of birth	Marc Bellemare (born 3 May 1956) is a lawyer and politician from Quebec.	Marc Bellemare	3 May 1956
date of birth	Kåre Bremer (born 17 January 1948) is a Swedish botanist and academic.	Kåre Bremer	17 January 1948
date of birth	Lucy-Jo Hudson (born 4 May 1983) is an English actress, best known for playing the role of Katy Harris in the long-running soap opera, Coronation Street from 2002--05, and as Rosie Trevanion in the ITV drama Wild at Heart from 2006--09.	Lucy-Jo Hudson	4 May 1983
date of birth	Thomas M. Tracy (born July 8, 1936) of Florida was United States Assistant Secretary of State for Administration from September 25, 1979 until August 30, 1983.	Thomas M. Tracy	1936
date of birth	Mohamed Borji (born 30 January 1981) is a Moroccan football player who last plays as a striker for Pahang FA.	Mohamed Borji	30 January 1981
date of birth	Mickael Leca (born 4 July 1994) is a French footballer who plays as a left back for Ligue 2 side AC Ajaccio.	Mickael Leca	4 July 1994
date of birth	William John Dakin (23 April 1883 -- 2 April 1950) was a zoologist who is remembered for the large number of his students who achieved prominence in the area of zoology and for the number of books and papers he wrote on many scientific fields.	William John Dakin	23 April 1883
date of birth	Scott Land (born 1962) is a producer, professional puppeteer and actor.	Scott Land	1962
date of birth	Peter Hellenbrand (born 7 December 1985, Brunssum) is a Dutch sport shooter.	Peter Hellenbrand	7 December 1985
date of birth	Florian Trimpl (born 9 July 1979) is a German strongman competitor and entrant to the World's Strongest Man competition on multiple occasions.	Florian Trimpl	9 July 1979
date of birth	Moisés Naím (born July 5, 1952) is a Distinguished Fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, an internationally syndicated columnist whose writings are published by leading papers worldwide, and the author of more than 10 books.	Moisés Naím	1952
date of birth	Jaume Bonet Serrano (born 24 May 1957) is a Spanish football coach, currently in charge of CE Vilassar de Dalt.	Jaume Bonet	24 May 1957
date of birth	Su Chiao-hui (Chinese: 蘇巧慧; pinyin: Sū Qiǎohuì; 5 April 1976) is a Taiwanese politician and lawyer.	Su Chiao-hui	5 April 1976
date of birth	Tore Holden (born 27 May 1946) is a Norwegian ice hockey referee and television personality.	Tore Holden	27 May 1946
date of birth	Aise Johan de Jong (born 30 January 1966) is a Dutch mathematician born in Belgium.	Aise Johan de Jong	30 January 1966
date of birth	Henrik Olesen (b. 1967) is a Danish artist working in Berlin.	Henrik Olesen	1967
date of birth	Josephine Decker (born April 2, 1981) is an American actor, filmmaker, and performance artist.	Josephine Decker	1981
date of birth	Hans Küng (pronounced (ˈhans ˈkʏŋ); born 19 March 1928) is a Swiss Catholic priest, theologian, and author.	Hans Küng	19 March 1928
date of birth	Andre Cailloux (1825 -- May 27, 1863) was one of the first black officers in the Union Army to be killed in combat during the American Civil War.	Andre Cailloux	1825
date of birth	Mona Kuhn (born 1969 in São Paulo, Brazil) is an artist known for large-scale photographs of the human form.	Mona Kuhn	1969
date of birth	Susan Snowdon (born 1 April 1951) is a former teacher and magistrate.	Susan Snowdon	1 April 1951
date of birth	Azhar Abbas (Urdu: اظہر عباس‎), was born 1 April 1975 in Khanewal, Pakistan.	Azhar Abbas	1 April 1975
date of birth	Mungo Bovey (born 1 May 1959) QC is a Scottish advocate (lawyer).	Mungo Bovey	1 May 1959
date of birth	Jonathan Ott (born 1949 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an ethnobotanist, writer, translator, publisher, natural products chemist and botanical researcher in the area of entheogens and their cultural and historical uses, and helped coin the term ``entheogen''.	Jonathan Ott	1949
date of birth	Evaristo Conrado Engelberg (26 October 1853 -- 1932) was a Brazilian mechanical engineer and inventor.	Evaristo Conrado Engelberg	26 October 1853
date of birth	Erich Jahn (born 23 July 1907, date of death unknown) was a leader of the Hitler Youth in Berlin.	Erich Jahn	23 July 1907
date of birth	David Cunningham (born August 22, 1986), better known by his stage name Dun Deal, is an American record producer and rapper from Atlanta, Georgia.	Dun Deal	1986
date of birth	Mara Buneva (Bulgarian and Macedonian: Мара Бунева) (1902, Kalkandelen, Kosovo Vilayet, Ottoman Empire -- January 13, 1928, Skoplje, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes) was a Macedonian Bulgarian revolutionary, member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization.	Mara Buneva	1902
date of birth	Robert Melee (born 1966) is an artist, based in NYC and Asbury Park, New Jersey.	Robert Melee	1966
date of birth	Nicola Hatefi Mofrad (Persian: نیکولا هاتفی مفرد‎‎, born 9 January 1991) is a Belgian-Iranian footballer who currently plays for Léopold FC.	Nicola Hatefi	9 January 1991
date of birth	Erich Gruenberg (born 12 October 1924) is an Austrian-born British violinist and teacher.	Erich Gruenberg	12 October 1924
date of birth	Joe Ghartey (born 15 June 1961, in Accra) is a Ghanaian lawyer, academic and politician.	Joe Ghartey	15 June 1961
date of birth	Maciej Cieplucha (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmat͡ɕɛj t͡ɕɛˈpluxa); born 3 August 1988) is a Polish figure skater.	Maciej Cieplucha	3 August 1988
date of birth	Russell Doig (born 17 January 1964) is a Scottish footballer, who played for East Stirlingshire, Leeds United, Peterborough United and Hartlepool United.	Russell Doig	17 January 1964
date of birth	Danilo Fernando Avelar (born 9 June 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a full-back for Italian club Torino.	Danilo Fernando Avelar	9 June 1989
date of birth	Herbert Tuttle (1846--94) was an American historian, born at Bennington, Vt.	Herbert Tuttle	1846
date of birth	Silvia Colloca (born 23 July 1977) is an Italian actress, blogger, cookbook author, and TV cookery show personality.	Silvia Colloca	23 July 1977
date of birth	Rachel Hope Cleves (born 1975) is an American-Canadian historian, best known for her 2014 book Charity and Sylvia:	Rachel Hope Cleves	1975
date of birth	Mauro Milanese (born 17 September 1971) is a former Italian footballer and manager.	Mauro Milanese	17 September 1971
date of birth	Boone Narr (born 1948) is an internationally known and respected animal stunt coordinator and one of the most celebrated Hollywood animal trainers.	Boone Narr	1948
date of birth	Konstantin Safronov (born 2 September 1987) is a Kazakhstani athlete specialising in the long jump.	Konstantin Safronov	2 September 1987
date of birth	Cathy Wilkes (born 1966) is an artist from Northern Ireland, she makes sculpture, paintings and installations.	Cathy Wilkes	1966
date of birth	George Evans, 4th Baron Carbery (18 February 1766 -- 31 December 1804) was a British peer and politician.	George Evans, 4th Baron Carbery	18 February 1766
date of birth	Chiam See Tong (Chinese: 詹时中; pinyin: Zhān Shízhōng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chiam Sî-tiong; born 12 March 1935) is a Singaporean politician and lawyer.	Chiam See Tong	12 March 1935
date of birth	Kamo Hovhannisyan (Armenian: Կամո Հովհաննիսյան, born on 5 October 1992) is an Armenian football player who currently plays midfielder for the Armenian national team and for Armenian Premier League club Pyunik.	Kamo Hovhannisyan	5 October 1992
date of birth	Dušan Zinaja (23 October 1893 -- 26 September 1948) was a Croatian and Yugoslav cross-country skier and football striker and coach.	Dušan Zinaja	23 October 1893
date of birth	Rigsy (born 6 December, 1978), real name David O'Reilly, is an award-winning presenter from Newcastle, Northern Ireland, currently living in a caravan.	Rigsy	1978
date of birth	Daulis Prescott Consuegra (born 2 September 1986) is a Colombian professional boxer who has challenged once for the WBA featherweight title.	Daulis Prescott	2 September 1986
date of birth	Jacques Mouilleron (born 7 July 1940 in Bois-Plage en Ré) is a retired French footballer and manager.	Jacques Mouilleron	7 July 1940
date of birth	C. C. Kemble (born 1831) was a prominent architect in West Virginia during the mid-to-late 19th century.	C. C. Kemble	1831
date of birth	John Harpsfield (1516--1578) was an English Catholic controversialist and humanist.	John Harpsfield	1516
date of birth	Ida von Nagel (15 May 1917 -- 29 August 1971) was a German equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Ida von Nagel	15 May 1917
date of birth	Jordan Frampton (born 8 March 1985, in Poole, England) was a motorcycle speedway rider from Great Britain.	Jordan Frampton	8 March 1985
date of birth	F. David Radler (born 1944 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian executive and close associate of Conrad Black for 36 years.	David Radler	1944
date of birth	Karim Matmour (Arabic: كريم مطمور‎) (born 25 June 1985) is an Algerian professional footballer.	Karim Matmour	25 June 1985
date of birth	Henry Norr (born 1946) is an American technology journalist and activist.	Henry Norr	1946
date of birth	Peter Schuyff (born 1958 Baarn, Netherlands) is an internationally exhibited Dutch born American painter and sculptor.	Peter Schuyff	1958
date of birth	Jake Kelly, (born 18 June 1990) is an Irish footballer who is currently playing for Bohemians in the League of Ireland Premier Division.	Jake Kelly	18 June 1990
date of birth	William Harvey Lillard (1856 - September 7, 1925) was the first chiropractic patient.	William Harvey Lillard	1856
date of birth	Eugenia Szarlota Pawel-Kroll (born 1950) is a Polish comic book artist, creator of the popular series about ``Kleks''.	Szarlota Pawel	1950
date of birth	Humberto de Araújo Benevenuto (born 4 August 1903, date of death unknown) was a Brazilian football player.	Humberto de Araújo Benevenuto	4 August 1903
date of birth	Nicolae Blatt (24 June 1890 -- 15 April 1965) was a Romanian ophthalmologist, surgeon, and medical researcher.	Nicolae Blatt	24 June 1890
date of birth	Sidy Keita, commonly known as Keita, (born 20 November 1987) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for Al-Shabab Club in Oman Professional League.	Sidy Keita	20 November 1987
date of birth	Denis Lynch (born 3 May 1976) is an Irish German show jumper.	Denis Lynch	3 May 1976
date of birth	Tchad Blake (born 1955) is an American record producer, audio engineer, mixer and musician.	Tchad Blake	1955
date of birth	Mark Matlock (born 1969) is the Executive Director of Youth Specialties and the founder of WisdomWorks Ministries.	Mark Matlock	1969
date of birth	Cruize Garlett (born 6 March 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 2009 and 2012.	Cruize Garlett	6 March 1989
date of birth	Liam Wakefield (born 9 April 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Accrington Stanley as a right-back.	Liam Wakefield	9 April 1994
date of birth	André Ricardo Soares (born 9 October 1981), known as Andrezinho, is a Brazilian retired professional footballer.	André Ricardo Soares	9 October 1981
date of birth	Jackie Norris (born 1970) is an American political aide, educator and corporate strategist, she once served as the assistant to President Obama and Chief of Staff to First Lady Michelle Obama.	Jackie Norris	1970
date of birth	James Dermott Monteith (2 June 1943 -- 6 December 2009) was an Irish international cricketer.	Dermott Monteith	2 June 1943
date of birth	John Dayal (born 2 October 1948) is an Indian Christian political activist who seeks to protect the rights of Christians.	John Dayal	2 October 1948
date of birth	Kurban Tulum (Chinese: 库尔班・吐鲁木, 1883 - May 26, 1975), also called Uncle Kurban (Chinese: 库尔班大叔), was a Uyghur who lived in Keriya (Chinese: 于田县) ), Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China.	Kurban Tulum	1883
date of birth	Ryo Un-hui (Chosŏn'gŭl: 려은희; born 9 August 1994) is a North Korean weightlifter.	Ryo Un-hui	9 August 1994
date of birth	Tony Straiges (born 1942) is a scenic designer for the stage and ballet.	Tony Straiges	1942
date of birth	Redas Diržys (b 1967) is the director of the Art School of Alytus, in Alytus, Lithuania.	Redas Diržys	1967
date of birth	Haydon Warren-Gash (born 8 August 1949) is a retired British diplomat, a noted lepidopterist who has described several new species.	Haydon Warren-Gash	8 August 1949
date of birth	Mansour Fadlallah Azzam (born 1960) is the Minister of Presidential Affairs of Syria.	Mansour Fadlallah Azzam	1960
date of birth	The 9th Jebtsundamba Khutughtu (1932 -- March 1, 2012) was the 9th reincarnation of the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu, the third highest lama in the Tibetan Buddhism hierarchy and the spiritual leader of the Gelug lineage among the Khalkha Mongols.	9th Jebtsundamba Khutughtu	1932
date of birth	Alfred Elmore RA (1815--1881) was a Victorian history and genre painter.	Alfred Elmore	1815
date of birth	Lee Gordon McKillop (born 4 August 1968), known as Lee Mack, is an English stand-up comedian and actor best known for writing the sitcom Not Going Out and starring in it as the main character, also called Lee.	Lee Mack	4 August 1968
date of birth	Wendy Kinnard (born 23 March 1959) is a former Senator of Jersey, and was the island's Home Affairs Minister from 2005 until 2008.	Wendy Kinnard	23 March 1959
date of birth	Melanie Clark Pullen (born 2 July 1977 in Ireland) is an Irish actress, producer and writer.	Melanie Clark Pullen	2 July 1977
date of birth	Daniel Galo (3 January 1984) is a Mexican actor from Leon, Monterrey who lives in Los Angeles.	Daniel Galo	3 January 1984
date of birth	Bernd Brinkmann (born 7 April 1939) is a German forensic pathologist.	Bernd Brinkmann	7 April 1939
date of birth	Maria Grazia Francia (born 17 September 1931) is an Italian former film, stage and television actress.	Maria Grazia Francia	17 September 1931
date of birth	Faruk Ilgaz (1922 -- July 16, 2014) was the Chairman of Türkiye Süper Ligi club Fenerbahçe SK between 1966--74 and 1976-80.	Faruk Ilgaz	1922
date of birth	Bandaru Dattatreya (often called Dattanna, born 26 February 1947) is an Indian politician from the Telangana.	Bandaru Dattatreya	26 February 1947
date of birth	Angus Stone (born 27 April 1986) is an Australian folk-blues singer-songwriter and record producer-engineer.	Angus Stone	27 April 1986
date of birth	Joseph C. Pitt (born 1943) is an American Pragmatist, philosopher of science and technology who works at Virginia Tech in the Departments of Philosophy and Science and Technology in Society.	Joseph C. Pitt	1943
date of birth	Tunç Tezel (born in 1977 in Bursa, Turkey) is a Turkish amateur astronomer and photographer.	Tunç Tezel	1977
date of birth	A.Y.B.I. Siddiqi (born 5 August 1945) is a former Inspector General of Police (Chief of Police) of Bangladesh.	A.Y.B.I. Siddiqi	5 August 1945
date of birth	Elizabeth Van Wie Davis (born 1958) is an American academic specializing in international affairs.	Elizabeth Van Wie Davis	1958
date of birth	Jimmy Engineer (born August 1954, Loralai, Balochistan) is a Pakistani artist, social worker, philanthropist and stamp designer.	Jimmy Engineer	1954
date of birth	Dan Guenther, born in Waukegan, Illinois, in 1944, is an American writer.	Dan Guenther	1944
date of birth	Jimmy Philémond-Montout (6 November 1986) is a Canadian-Martiniquais film producer, film director, and screenwriter.	Jimmy Philémond-Montout	6 November 1986
date of birth	Claus Lundekvam (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈklæʉs ˈlʉnːəˈkʋɑmː); born 22 February 1973) is a former Norwegian footballer, who spent most of his career at English side Southampton.	Claus Lundekvam	22 February 1973
date of birth	Ryan Thorne (born 1971 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) the current head basketball coach of the women's team at McGill University, in Montreal, since the 2002−2003 season.	Ryan Thorne	1971
date of birth	Dean Rock (born 26 February 1990) is a Gaelic footballer for the Dublin senior football team and plays his club football for Ballymun Kickhams.	Dean Rock	26 February 1990
date of birth	Ranchhodji Diwan (1768--1841) was an author and the chief minister of Junagadh state.	Ranchhodji Diwan	1768
date of birth	Sabina Asenjo Álvarez (born 3 August 1986 in Ponferrada) is a Spanish athlete whose specialty is the discus throw.	Sabina Asenjo	3 August 1986
date of birth	Margaret Packham Hargrave (born Margaret Ruth Packham, 8 November 1941) is an Australian poet and writer.	Margaret Packham Hargrave	8 November 1941
date of birth	Jonathan Quinn Barnett (born 1964) is a super yacht designer from Seattle, Washington.	Jonathan Quinn Barnett	1964
date of birth	Mezzo-soprano Michele Detwiler (born 1976 in California) is an American opera singer.	Michele Detwiler	1976
date of birth	Joseph Judson (born 1619 in Kirby Mooreside, Yorkshire, England, died 8 October 1690) was a Connecticut settler, local official and militia officer.	Joseph Judson	1619
date of birth	Pope Anastasius IV (c. 1073 -- 3 December 1154), born Corrado Demetri della Suburra, was Pope from 8 July 1153 to his death in 1154.	Pope Anastasius IV	1073
date of birth	Linus Yale, Sr. (27 April 1797 -- 8 August 1858) was an American inventor and manufacturer of locks.	Linus Yale, Sr.	27 April 1797
date of birth	Hassan Abdel Rahman (born 1944 in Surda, Ramallah, British Mandate Palestine) is a former Palestinian National Authority Ambassador to the United States of America and PNA Ambassador to the Kingdom of Morocco.	Hassan Abdel Rahman	1944
date of birth	Sten Svantesson Bielke, also Steno Bielke, (1598 -- 2 April 1638) was a statesman of the Swedish Empire.	Sten Svantesson Bielke	1598
date of birth	Lee Hui-ho (Hangul: 이희호; hanja: 李姬鎬; born 21 September 1922) was the First Lady of South Korea from 1998 to 2003.	Lee Hui-ho	21 September 1922
date of birth	Trita Parsi (Persian: تریتا پارسی‎, born 21 July 1974) is the founder and current president of the National Iranian American Council, author of Treacherous Alliance and A Single Roll of the Dice.	Trita Parsi	21 July 1974
date of birth	Pavel Štěpán (28 May 1925 -- 30 September 1998) was a Czech pianist whose domain was the interpretation of piano works by Josef Suk, Vitezslav Novak and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's piano concertos.	Pavel Štěpán	28 May 1925
date of birth	Ralf Baumeister (born September 1, 1961 in Schwabach) is a German professor (Bioinformatics and Molecular Genetics).	Ralf Baumeister	1961
date of birth	George Cubitt, 1st Baron Ashcombe PC (4 June 1828 -- 26 February 1917) was a British politician and peer, the son of Thomas Cubitt, the leading London builder and property developer of his day.	George Cubitt, 1st Baron Ashcombe	4 June 1828
date of birth	Mary Cannon (born 2 June 1965) is an Irish psychiatrist and research scientist.	Mary Cannon	2 June 1965
date of birth	Jane Leeves (born 18 April 1961) is an English actress, producer, comedian, singer, and dancer.	Jane Leeves	18 April 1961
date of birth	Monsignor Alfred F. Horrigan (born 1914, d. 2005) is notable for being the founding president of Bellarmine University.	Alfred F. Horrigan	1914
date of birth	Joanna Seybert (born 1946) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.	Joanna Seybert	1946
date of birth	Shay Sibony (Hebrew: שי סיבוני born 3 April 1983) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Maccabi Ironi Kiryat Ata.	Shay Sibony	3 April 1983
date of birth	Claire Utley (born 11 February 1979) is an English former football defender, best known for her long association with Doncaster Rovers Belles.	Claire Utley	11 February 1979
date of birth	Alan Blaikley (born 23 March 1940) is an English songwriter and composer.	Alan Blaikley	23 March 1940
date of birth	Barrie Bates (born 17 October 1969) is a Welsh darts player who played on the Professional Darts Corporation circuit.	Barrie Bates	17 October 1969
date of birth	Ben Duckworth (born 23 September 1974) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Illawarra Steelers, Sydney City Roosters, Balmain Tigers, Wests Tigers and Parramatta Eels.	Ben Duckworth	23 September 1974
date of birth	Harry Kirtley (23 May 1930 -- 13 December 2007) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Sunderland, Cardiff City and Gateshead.	Harry Kirtley	23 May 1930
date of birth	Alberto Ziveri (born 1908), was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the Scuola romana (Roman School), author of urban landscapes and realist narrative scenes.	Alberto Ziveri	1908
date of birth	Matt Schwartz (born 26 October 1971) is an Israeli-British multi-instrumentalist record producer a songwriter, an artist, DJ, and a prolific audio engineer based in London.	Matt Schwartz	26 October 1971
date of birth	Girart de Roussillon, also called Girard, Gérard II, Gyrart de Vienne, and Girart de Fraite, (c. 810--877/879?) was a Burgundian chief who became Count of Paris in 837, and embraced the cause of Lothair I against Charles the Bald.	Girart de Roussillon	810
date of birth	Antonis Xylouris (Greek: Αντώνης Ξυλούρης; born 1942), nicknamed Psarantonis (Greek: Ψαραντώνης), is a Greek composer, singer and performer of lyra, the bowed string instrument of Crete and most popular surviving form of the medieval Byzantine lyra.	Psarantonis	1942
date of birth	Charles V. Hamilton (born 1929) is a political scientist, civil rights leader, and the W. S. Sayre Professor Emeritus of Government and Political Science at Columbia University.	Charles V. Hamilton	1929
date of birth	Marc Ambinder (i/ˈmɑːrk ˈæmbɪndɜːr/; born c. 1978) is an American journalist and producer.	Marc Ambinder	1978
date of birth	Patricia Pakenham-Walsh, also known as Patricia Moyes (19 January 1923 -- 2 August 2000) was a British mystery writer.	Patricia Moyes	19 January 1923
date of birth	Bernard Cabane (born 12 October 1945) is a French Scientist, director in the French National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS) in ESPCI ParisTech and corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences.	Bernard Cabane	12 October 1945
date of birth	Étienne Léandri (1915--1995) was an intermediary close to Charles Pasqua.	Étienne Léandri	1915
date of birth	Nan Hanchen (simplified Chinese: 南汉宸; traditional Chinese: 南漢宸; 1895 -- January 27, 1967) was the first governor of the People's Bank of China (1949--1954).	Nan Hanchen	1895
date of birth	Adrian Schoolcraft (born 1976) is a former New York City Police Department (NYPD) officer who secretly recorded police conversations from 2008 to 2009.	Adrian Schoolcraft	1976
date of birth	Michael Vermaak (born 10 October 1979) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Eastern Province Grand Challenge club side Despatch..	Michael Vermaak	10 October 1979
date of birth	Allan Borgvardt (born 5 June 1980) is a former Danish footballer who recently did play in Sweden.	Allan Borgvardt	5 June 1980
date of birth	Jean Lambert-Rucki (1888--1967), a Polish avant-garde artist, sculptor, and graphic artist, was best known for his participation in the Cubist, Surrealist and Art Deco movements.	Jean Lambert-Rucki	1888
date of birth	Duncan Irschick (born 1969 in San Francisco, California) is an evolutionary ecologist and functional morphologist in the field of animal athletics, more specifically known as animal performance.	Duncan Irschick	1969
date of birth	Ulrike Bruns (born 17 November 1953 in Cottbus, maiden name Klapezynski) is a retired East German athlete who competed mainly in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres.	Ulrike Bruns	17 November 1953
date of birth	Cathal Goan (born 1954) is a radio and television producer.	Cathal Goan	1954
date of birth	William FitzMaurice, 20th Baron Kerry, (1633--1696/97).	William FitzMaurice, 20th Baron Kerry	1633
date of birth	Neil Cowley (born 5 November 1972) is a contemporary jazz pianist whose previous incarnations include Fragile State, the Green Nuns of the Revolution, and the Neil Cowley Trio, which appeared on Later... with Jools Holland in April 2008 and won the 2007 BBC Jazz Award for best album for Displaced.	Neil Cowley	5 November 1972
date of birth	Cal Stewart (b. 1856 Charlotte County, Virginia, d. December 7, 1919) was a pioneer in vaudeville and early sound recordings.	Cal Stewart	1856
date of birth	Sarah Ewing Hall (October 30, 1761 -- April 8, 1830) was an American educator, poet, and essayist of Christian literature.	Sarah Ewing Hall	1761
date of birth	Juan Pablo Raba (born 14 January 1977) is a Colombian film, TV series and telenovela actor.	Juan Pablo Raba	14 January 1977
date of birth	Mustafa Barghouti (Arabic: مصطفى البرغوثي; born 1954‎) is a Palestinian physician, activist, and politician who serves as General Secretary of the Palestine National Initiative (PNI), also known as al Mubadara.	Mustafa Barghouti	1954
date of birth	Abdirahman Mohamed Abdullahi (Somali: Cabdiraxmaan Maxamed Cabdillaahi Cirro, Arabic: عبد الرحمن محمد عبد الله‎) (born 24 April 1955), also known as Irro, is a Somali politician.	Abdirahman Mohamed Abdullahi	24 April 1955
date of birth	Duncan Harvey (born 12 March 1981) is an Australian bobsledder who has competed since 2008.	Duncan Harvey	12 March 1981
date of birth	Guram Gabiskiria (Georgian: გურამ გაბესკირია) (2 March 1947 -- 27 September 1993) was a Mayor of Sukhumi who was murdered by Abkhaz separatists during the ethnic cleansing of Georgians in Abkhazia in 1993.	Guram Gabiskiria	2 March 1947
date of birth	Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt Jones, 1st Baronet (1 September 1765 -- 26 November 1811) of Stanley Hall, Shropshire, was a British politician.	Thomas Tyrwhitt Jones	1 September 1765
date of birth	Grant Irvine (born 17 March 1991) is an Australian butterfly swimmer.	Grant Irvine	17 March 1991
date of birth	Zhang Xiaoming (born September 1963) is a Chinese politician currently serving as the Director of the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in Hong Kong.	Zhang Xiaoming	September 1963
date of birth	Rachel Matkin (born in 1975 in Fraser Canyon, British Columbia) is a Canadian country music artist.	Rachel Matkin	1975
date of birth	Choi Daniel (born 22 February 1986) is a South Korean actor, DJ and television anchorman.	Choi Daniel	22 February 1986
date of birth	Peter Hardwick (born 1958) is an Australian food horticulturist and environmentalist, recognized as an early pioneer of the Australian bushfood industry.	Peter Hardwick	1958
date of birth	Frank Scoblete (born 1947) is an American author who has written both under his own name and King Scobe about casino gambling.	Frank Scoblete	1947
date of birth	Yulia Bravikova (Russian: Юлия Юрьевна Бравикова; born 17 July 1999) is a Russian rhythmic gymnast.	Yulia Bravikova	17 July 1999
date of birth	Michael Stribling (born 1951) is an American musician, best known for his series of New Age albums.	Michael Stribling	1951
date of birth	Juan Alfonso Baptista Díaz (born 9 September 1976) is a Venezuelan actor and model best known for his roles in Pasión de Gavilanes and La Mujer En El Espejo.	Juan Alfonso Baptista	9 September 1976
date of birth	Sophie Kamlish (born 20 August 1996) is a British Paralympic athlete who competes in sprint events in T44 events.	Sophie Kamlish	20 August 1996
date of birth	Sir John William Basil Kelly, QC, PC(NI), PC (10 May 1920 -- 5 December 2008) was a Northern Irish barrister, judge and politician.	Basil Kelly	10 May 1920
date of birth	Jacob Taio Cruz (born 23 April 1985), is a British singer, songwriter, record producer, rapper, and entrepreneur.	Taio Cruz	23 April 1985
date of birth	Born in 1945 in Belgium, Georges Ugeux's upbringing was both Walloon and Flemish .	Georges Ugeux	1945
date of birth	Sichelle Mcmeo Aksum (born 14 May 1988), better known by her stage name Sichelle, is a Norwegian-Grenadian singer.	Sichelle	14 May 1988
date of birth	Ray Hilborn (born 1947) is a marine biologist and fisheries scientist, known for his work on conservation and natural resource management in the context of fisheries.	Ray Hilborn	1947
date of birth	Ivor Noël Hume, OBE (born 1927, London) is a British-born archaeologist in the United States.	Ivor Noël Hume	1927
date of birth	Alberto Hurtado Cruchaga was born in Viña del Mar, Chile, on 22 January 1901; after the death of his father when Alberto was four years old, his mother had to sell, at a loss, their modest property in order to pay the family's debts.	Alberto Hurtado	22 January 1901
date of birth	Amit Chakma (born c. 1959) is the 10th president of the University of Western Ontario.	Amit Chakma	1959
date of birth	Ernst Lehner (7 November 1912 -- 10 January 1986) was a German footballer.	Ernst Lehner	7 November 1912
date of birth	Samuel Enderby (17 January 1719 -- 19 September 1797) was an English whale oil merchant.	Samuel Enderby	17 January 1719
date of birth	Royce Pollard (born 1939) was the six-term mayor of Vancouver, Washington, the fourth largest city in Washington state.	Royce Pollard	1939
date of birth	Salim Haim (1919-1983) was a dermatologist.	Salim Haim	1919
date of birth	Gerard Cott (born 30 April 1940) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician and secondary teacher.	Gerard Cott	30 April 1940
date of birth	Saint Obitius (Italian: Sant'Obizio) (February 4, c. 1150 - December 6, c. 1204) was an Italian saint.	Obitius	1150
date of birth	Serhiy Silyuk (born 5 June 1985 in Zaporizhya) is a Ukrainian football forward who last time played for Ukrainian Premier League side Vorskla Poltava.	Serhiy Silyuk	5 June 1985
date of birth	Dagfinn Bakke (born 16 August 1933) is a Norwegian painter, illustrator and graphical artist.	Dagfinn Bakke	16 August 1933
date of birth	Raffaele Alcibiade (born 23 May 1990) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for the Hungarian club FC Tatabánya.	Raffaele Alcibiade	23 May 1990
date of birth	Francesco Ruopolo (born 10 March 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie B side Padova.	Francesco Ruopolo	10 March 1983
date of birth	Bob Devin Jones (born 1954) is an American playwright, director, and actor.	Bob Devin Jones	1954
date of birth	David Wolfson, Baron Wolfson of Sunningdale (born 9 November 1935) is a British politician and businessman.	David Wolfson, Baron Wolfson of Sunningdale	9 November 1935
date of birth	Pehong Chen (b. 1957) is an American businessman who co-founded Gain Technology with his Ph.D. advisor Michael A. Harrison and went on to found Broadvision.	Pehong Chen	1957
date of birth	Anghel Andreescu (born 5 September 1950) is a four-star general, and a member of the Romanian Scientists Academy, Military Department.	Anghel Andreescu	5 September 1950
date of birth	Roz Hanby (born 1951 in London), a former flight attendant, is notable for being the face of British Airways in their ``Fly the Flag'' advertising campaign over a 7-year period in the 1980s.	Roz Hanby	1951
date of birth	Dr Pawan Saini (born 1971), is a trained doctor, Indian politician and social activist, belonging to the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP).	Pawan Saini	1971
date of birth	Shimon Ohayon (Hebrew: שמעון אוחיון‎, born 1 June 1945) is an Israeli politician and a professor at Bar-Ilan University.	Shimon Ohayon	1 June 1945
date of birth	Keely Wee (Chinese: 阮诗凯; pinyin: Ruǎn Shīkǎi; born 13 November 1990) is a Singaporean singer.	Keely Wee	13 November 1990
date of birth	Edoardo Leo (born 21 April 1972) is an Italian actor, director and screenwriter.	Edoardo Leo	21 April 1972
date of birth	Hedda Nussbaum (born 1942) is an American woman who was caretaker for a six-year-old girl who died of physical abuse in 1987.	Hedda Nussbaum	1942
date of birth	Ryszard Kotla (born 30 March 1947, in Szczecin, Poland) is a Polish travel writer, tour guide, activist, journalist, academic teacher and lifeguard instructor at the Polish Life Saving Association.	Ryszard Kotla	30 March 1947
date of birth	Michael Carlsson (born 31 May 1972) is a Swedish bandy manager and former player (forward) and who currently manages Västerås SK.	Michael Carlsson	31 May 1972
date of birth	Kang Sang-jung (Hangul: 강상중, Hanja: 姜尙中; Japanese name - which Kang used until his undergraduate days - Nagano Tetsuo (永野鉄男) 1950) is a second-generation Zainichi Korean political scientist, writer and public commentator.	Kang Sang-jung	1950
date of birth	Sir Hugh de Courtenay, born 25 March 1251, was the son and heir of John de Courtenay of Okehampton, Devon, by Isabel de Vere, daughter of Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford, and Hawise de Quincy.	Hugh de Courtenay	25 March 1251
date of birth	Feng Lixiang (simplified Chinese: 丰立祥; traditional Chinese: 豐立祥; pinyin: Fēng Lìxiáng; born August 1957) is a Chinese politician from Shanxi province who served as the Communist Party Secretary of Datong from 2008 to 2014.	Feng Lixiang	August 1957
date of birth	Antonia Balek (born 29 May 1968) is a Paralympian athlete from Croatia competing mainly in F52 shot putt and discus throw events.	Antonia Balek	29 May 1968
date of birth	Nora Sumberg (born 1956) is an Australian landscape painter whose work has over time become increasingly lyrical, abstract and atmospheric.	Nora Sumberg	1956
date of birth	Moreno Longo (born 14 February 1976) is an Italian football manager and former football player who played as a full-back.	Moreno Longo	14 February 1976
date of birth	Ana Luiza Nobre is a Brazilian architectural historian, author and critic, born in Rio de Janeiro in 1964.	Ana Luiza Nobre	1964
date of birth	Anupriya Kapoor (born 26 November 1991) is a television actress who hails from Delhi.	Anupriya Kapoor	26 November 1991
date of birth	Aurel Bulgariu (sometimes spelled Bulgaru; 13 July 1934, Sighișoara - 25 March or 16 April 1995) was a Romanian handball player who won two world championship gold medals.	Aurel Bulgariu	13 July 1934
date of birth	Jonathan Plowright (born Yorkshire 1959) is a British concert pianist.	Jonathan Plowright	1959
date of birth	Alexander Crombie Humphreys (30 March 1851 -- 14 August 1927) was the 2nd President of Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, New Jersey.	Alexander Crombie Humphreys	30 March 1851
date of birth	Frank Quattrone (born 1955) is an American technology-focused investment banker who started technology sector franchises at Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank, and Credit Suisse First Boston.	Frank Quattrone	1955
date of birth	Judith Shatin (1949-- ) is an American composer.	Judith Shatin	1949
date of birth	James Spithill (born 28 June 1979) is an Australian yachtsman.	James Spithill	28 June 1979
date of birth	Laura Bicāne (born 18 June 1990) is a Latvian singer and songwriter, who has participated in Eirodziesma 2012 with her own song ``Freakin' Out''.	Laura Bicāne	18 June 1990
date of birth	Andreas Mouratis (Greek: Ανδρέας Μουράτης; 29 November 1926 -- 10 December 2000), nicknamed Missouri, was a Greek footballer, who played for Olympiakos F.C..	Andreas Mouratis	29 November 1926
date of birth	Tamás Vaskó (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈvɒʃkoː); born 20 February 1984) is a Hungarian footballer.	Tamás Vaskó	20 February 1984
date of birth	Brian Ralph (born 1973) is a U.S. alternative cartoonist.	Brian Ralph	1973
date of birth	Mátyás Firtl (born 30 October 1949) is a Hungarian engineer and politician, who was elected member of the National Assembly (MP) for Sopron (Győr-Moson-Sopron County Constituency VII then IV) during a by-election in 2005.	Mátyás Firtl	30 October 1949
date of birth	Sir Richard Greenbury (born 31 July 1936) was chairman and chief executive of the British retailer Marks and Spencer from 1988 to 1999.	Richard Greenbury	31 July 1936
date of birth	Krzysztof Klicki (born 1962) is the President of Kolporter Holding S.A. He owns all of Kolporter's shares, the largest private distributor of the press (with more than 44 percent of the media market).	Krzysztof Klicki	1962
date of birth	Jack Finegan (July 11, 1908-July 15, 2000) was an American biblical scholar, and Professor Emeritus of New Testament History and Archaeology at the Pacific School of Religion, Berkeley, California.	Jack Finegan	1908
date of birth	Madhan (born July 11, 1947 in Srirangam), whose real name is Maadapoosi Krishnaswamy Govinda Iyengar, is a noted Tamil cartoonist, journalist, writer and film critic who worked for Ananda Vikatan magazine, a leading Tamil weekly.	Madhan	1947
date of birth	Quentin Tod (27 December 1884 - 5 May 1947), sometimes credited as Quentin Todd, was a British actor, dancer, choreographer, television pioneer, and a devotee of Meher Baba.	Quentin Tod	27 December 1884
date of birth	Rev. Jeffrey James West OBE FSA FRSA (also known as Jeff West; born 15 October 1950) is the former Principal Inspector of Historic Buildings, English Heritage (1983--86).	Jeffrey James West	15 October 1950
date of birth	Franz Weitlaner ((ˈvaɪtlaːnɛʁ); 1872--1944) was an Austrian physician who is known for designing the self-retaining retractor bearing his name.	Franz Weitlaner	1872
date of birth	Aleksandra Kotlyarova (born 10 October 1988 in Samarkand) is an Uzbekistani athlete specializing in the triple jump.	Aleksandra Kotlyarova	10 October 1988
date of birth	Dr. Abraham Mar Julios (born 25 May 1945) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Muvattupuzha of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church.	Abraham Mar Julios	25 May 1945
date of birth	Lawrence Sail (born 29 October 1942) is a contemporary British poet and writer.	Lawrence Sail	29 October 1942
date of birth	Michał Bieniek (born 17 May 1984 in Gryfino) is a former Polish athlete who specialized in the high jump.	Michał Bieniek	17 May 1984
date of birth	Danny K (full name Daniel Koppel, born 8 September 1977) is a South African singer, songwriter and actor.	Danny K	8 September 1977
date of birth	Louis Crucy (born in 1756 in Nantes) was a French architect and brother of Mathurin Crucy, with whom he worked on the naval facilities at Indre, near Nantes, from 1800 onwards, as they expanded due to the war effort against England.	Louis Crucy	1756
date of birth	Per Hanefjord born Per Håkan Tobias Hanefjord September 25, 1978 in Lycksele, Swedish film director and screenwriter.	Per Hanefjord	1978
date of birth	Valeriu Pantazi (born Pantazie Valeriu Constantinescu on May 17, 1940--July 25, 2015) was a Romanian poet, writer and painter.	Valeriu Pantazi	1940
date of birth	Ricardo Alarcón de Quesada (born 21 May 1937) is a Cuban statesman.	Ricardo Alarcón	21 May 1937
date of birth	Larry Liston (born 1952) is a former Colorado legislator.	Larry Liston	1952
date of birth	Peter Dicken (born 1938) is an economic geographer whose research is primarily focused on the processes and patterns associated with globalisation.	Peter Dicken	1938
date of birth	Lou Chirban (born 1932 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former Greek American professional baseball player.	Lou Chirban	1932
date of birth	Liu Dong (Chinese: 刘东; born 24 December 1973 in Jinzhou) is a retired Chinese middle-distance runner.	Liu Dong	24 December 1973
date of birth	Yang Chiung-ying (Chinese: 楊瓊瓔; pinyin: Yáng Qióngyīng; born 19 October 1964) is a Taiwanese politician.	Yang Chiung-ying	19 October 1964
date of birth	James Garrison (born 1953 in Western Pennsylvania) is an American architect and educator who lives in Brooklyn with his two children, Brendan and Emma.	James Garrison	1953
date of birth	Ingo Sick (born 1939) is a Swiss experimental nuclear physicist.	Ingo Sick	1939
date of birth	John Bushrode (1612 - c 1684) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659.	John Bushrode	1612
date of birth	Jo Seok (Hangul: 조석; hanja: 趙奭; born 30 May 1983) is a South Korean webcomic artist.	Jo Seok	30 May 1983
date of birth	Michelle Gavagan (born 17 February 1990) is an environmentalist and beauty queen from the Philippines who won Miss Philippines Fire 2011 and Miss Southville International School and Colleges 2010.	Michelle Gavagan	17 February 1990
date of birth	Jevgēņijs Saproņenko (also known as Russian: Evgeni Sapronenko, born 11 November 1978) is a Latvian gymnast.	Jevgēņijs Saproņenko	11 November 1978
date of birth	André Paillot (1885--1944) was a French entomologist known for his work on the pathology of insects.	André Paillot	1885
date of birth	Armands Zeiberliņš (born 13 August 1965) is a Latvian football manager and former international player, currently working as the head coach of FK Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League.	Armands Zeiberliņš	13 August 1965
date of birth	Colin Powers (born 2 February 1956) is a British former boxer who was British light welterweight champion between 1977 and 1979 and European champion in 1978.	Colin Powers	2 February 1956
date of birth	Steen Rasmussen (born 7 July 1955) is a Danish physicist mainly working in the areas of artificial life and complex systems.	Steen Rasmussen	7 July 1955
date of birth	James Johnstone Keswick (1845--1914) was a Scottish businessman in Hong Kong and China and the taipan of the Jardine Matheson & Co..	James Johnstone Keswick	1845
date of birth	Najaf Qoli Khan Bakhtiari, (1851--1931) (Persian: نجف‌قلی‌خان بختیاری‎‎) also known Saad ad-Daula and Samsam-os Saltane, was an Iranian Prime Minister and a leader of Iranian Constitutional Revolution.	Saad ad-Daula	1851
date of birth	Barbro Owens-Kirkpatrick (born in Helsinki/Helsingfors 1946) is a Finnish/American diplomat.	Barbro Owens-Kirkpatrick	1946
date of birth	P. W. Singer (born Peter Warren Singer, 1974) is an American political scientist, an international relations scholar and a preeminent specialist on 21st century warfare.	P. W. Singer	1974
date of birth	Olaf Benneche (18 September 1883 -- 1931) was a Norwegian novelist, children's writer and playwright.	Olaf Benneche	18 September 1883
date of birth	Vadim Kapustin (born 19 September 1972, Moscow) - Russian singer, songwriter and lead singer of Triangle Sun. Sings in English.	Vadim Kapustin	19 September 1972
date of birth	Ellis Hall (22 June 1889 -- 1949) was an English footballer, who played for Hull City, Stoke, Huddersfield Town, Hamilton Academical and Halifax Town.	Ellis Hall	22 June 1889
date of birth	Rebekah Modrak is an American artist, author, and educator, born in 1971, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, She studied Painting and Photography at the NYSCC New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University, in Alfred, NY and subsequently received an MFA at Syracuse University in Photography.	Rebekah Modrak	1971
date of birth	Rick Pendleton, OAM (born 12 January 1985) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer from Sydney.	Rick Pendleton	12 January 1985
date of birth	Yang Jing (Chinese: 杨晶; pinyin: Yáng Jīng; born December 1953) is a Chinese politician of ethnic Mongol ancestry.	Yang Jing	1953
date of birth	John Howard Nodal (1831--1909) was an English journalist and writer on dialect.	John Howard Nodal	1831
date of birth	Linda Johnsen (born 1954 in Chicago) is an author on yoga and other aspects of Hinduism.	Linda Johnsen	1954
date of birth	George B. Jackson (1850 -- November 25, 1900), was a former slave who became a soldier in the United States Army, serving with the Buffalo Soldiers from 1869 to 1875 in Texas.	George B. Jackson	1850
date of birth	Esem (born 10 February 1979) is the stage name of Georgi Hristov Marinov, a Bulgarian electronic music artist.	Esem	10 February 1979
date of birth	Poonam Mahajan alias Poonam Vajendla Rao (born 9 December 1980) is a Member of Parliament from Mumbai North Central and a politician of the BJP	Poonam Mahajan	9 December 1980
date of birth	Terry Danko (born 1949) is a Canadian musician and songwriter who has been active since childhood.	Terry Danko	1949
date of birth	Cynthia Dale (born 11 August 1960) is a Canadian television actress and stage performer.	Cynthia Dale	11 August 1960
date of birth	Tomás Ryan (born 1944) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.	Tomás Ryan	1944
date of birth	Jorge Casado Rodríguez (born 26 June 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Ponferradina as a left back.	Jorge Casado	26 June 1989
date of birth	Melanie Hauss, née Annaheim (born 20 December 1982 in Lostorf) is a Swiss professional triathlete, member of the National Team (i.e. the Team London 2012) and bronze medalist of the 2009 Swiss Championships.	Melanie Hauss	20 December 1982
date of birth	Toyohara Kunichika (Japanese: 豊原 国周; 30 June 1835 -- 1 July 1900) was a Japanese woodblock print artist.	Toyohara Kunichika	30 June 1835
date of birth	Kieran Sporn (born 28 August 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Fitzroy in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 1989-94.	Kieran Sporn	28 August 1966
date of birth	Chen Jiannian (陳建年 1 August 1967) tribal name Pur-dur, is a Taiwanese Puyuma singer.	Chen Jiannian	1967
date of birth	Lasse Midttun (born 1960) is a Norwegian journalist in the weekly newspaper Morgenbladet.	Lasse Midttun	1960
date of birth	Alonso Reno Edward Henry (born 8 December 1989), commonly known as Alonso Edward, is a Panamanian sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres.	Alonso Edward	8 December 1989
date of birth	Azman Ibrahim (born 1 September 1960) is a Malaysian businessman, programmer and current manager of Kelantan FA.	Azman Ibrahim	1 September 1960
date of birth	Dayanand Prajapati (Punjabi: ਦਿਆਨੰਦ ਪ੍ਰਜਾਪਤੀ), (born 30 June 1969), or Bhajan Samrat/Sangeet Samrat Sri Dayanand prajapati ji, is a famous religious singer.	Dayanand Prajapati	30 June 1969
date of birth	Kostyantyn Gryshchenko (Ukrainian: Костянтин Іванович Грищенко; Russian: Константин Иванович Грищенко) (born 28 October 1953) is a Ukrainian diplomat and politician.	Kostyantyn Gryshchenko	28 October 1953
date of birth	Wasalakulathunga Wijekoon Mudiyanselage Duleeka Kumari Wijekoon Marapana (Sinhalese: දුලිකා මාරපන; born 15 November 1975) (commonly known as Duleeka Marapana) is an award winning Sri Lankan character actress.	Duleeka Marapana	15 November 1975
date of birth	Ronald Wright (born 1948, London, United Kingdom) is a Canadian author who has written books of travel, history and fiction.	Ronald Wright	1948
date of birth	Deiniol Jones (born 18 November 1977) is a Welsh International rugby union player.	Deiniol Jones	18 November 1977
date of birth	Lilian Shelley (born Lilian Milsom) (1892 - after 1933) was a popular music hall entertainer and later artists' model in London in the early 1900s known as ``The Bug'' or ``The Pocket Edition''.	Lilian Shelley	1892
date of birth	Luka Pibernik (born 23 October 1993) is a Slovenian cyclist currently riding for UCI World Tour team Lampre-Merida.	Luka Pibernik	23 October 1993
date of birth	Glenville Adam James le Fondre (born 2 December 1986), known as Adam le Fondre, is an English professional footballer who plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers, on loan from Cardiff City, as a striker.	Adam le Fondre	2 December 1986
date of birth	James Needs (17 October 1919 -- 25 December 2002) was a British film editor associated with his work at Hammer Film Productions.	James Needs	1919
date of birth	Dr. C. Vernon Cole (1922 -- August 30, 2013) was a soil scientist known primarily for his work on nutrient cycling in agroecosystems.	C. Vernon Cole	1922
date of birth	Roberta Taylor (born Roberta Alexandra Mary Roberts 26 February 1948) is an English actress and author.	Roberta Taylor	26 February 1948
date of birth	Daniel Gerroll (born 16 October 1951) is a British theatre, television and film actor.	Daniel Gerroll	16 October 1951
date of birth	Robert R. Reilly (born 31 October 1946) is a writer and senior fellow at the American Foreign Policy Council (since 2008).	Robert R. Reilly	31 October 1946
date of birth	Carlo Siliotto (born 10 January 1950) is an Italian composer best known for his soundtrack scores.	Carlo Siliotto	10 January 1950
date of birth	Daniel Conrad (born 1946) is an American light-artist, painter, sound artist, teacher and writer from Baltimore County, Maryland.	Daniel Conrad	1946
date of birth	Alexander Bence (born ca. 1590) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1648 and in 1654.	Alexander Bence	1590
date of birth	Armen Dzhigarkhanyan (Armenian: Արմեն Ջիգարխանյան; pronounced (dʒiɡɑrχɑnjɑn); Russian: Армен Джигарханян; born 3 October 1935) is an Armenian and Russian (formerly Soviet) actor.	Armen Dzhigarkhanyan	3 October 1935
date of birth	Mimi Thi Nguyen (née Thanh-Huong Thi Nguyen; born in 1974) is a Vietnamese-born American scholar, punk and zine author.	Mimi Thi Nguyen	1974
date of birth	Kanaung Mintha (Burmese: ကနောင်မင်းသား; 31 January 1820 -- 2 August 1866) was a son of King Tharrawaddy and younger brother of King Mindon of Burma.	Kanaung Mintha	31 January 1820
date of birth	Born on 29 July 1921 in London, Bettina Shaw-Lawrence is a post-World War II artist.	Bettina Shaw-Lawrence	29 July 1921
date of birth	Dorothy Johnston (1948) is an Australian author of both crime and literary fiction.	Dorothy Johnston	1948
date of birth	Michele Reagan (born October 13, 1969) is a Republican and the 20th and current Arizona Secretary of State, succeeding Ken Bennett in 2015.	Michele Reagan	1969
date of birth	Jon Craig (born 9 August 1957) is the Chief Political Correspondent of Sky News, the 24-hour television news service operated by Sky Television, part of British Sky Broadcasting.	Jon Craig	1957
date of birth	Gelimer (original form possibly Geilamir, 480-553), King of the Vandals and Alans (530 - 534), was the last Germanic ruler of the North African Kingdom of the Vandals.	Gelimer	480
date of birth	Simon McPhee (born 21 July 1969) is an Australian rules football coach, currently serving the Head of Player Academy and Development at the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Simon McPhee	21 July 1969
date of birth	Jean Guichet (born 10 August 1927) won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1964.	Jean Guichet	10 August 1927
date of birth	Ray C. Strang (born Sandoval, Illinois, USA 1893 -- died 1957) was an American Western artist and illustrator.	Ray C. Strang	1893
date of birth	Yair Tzaban (Hebrew: יאיר צבן‎, born 23 August 1930) is an Israeli politician, academic and social activist.	Yair Tzaban	23 August 1930
date of birth	Bharat Chettri (born in 1982, Kalimpong, West Bengal) (Nepali: भरत छेत्री) is an Indian field hockey player.	Bharat Chettri	1982
date of birth	Karl James Jalkanen, FRSC, (born 1958 in Chassell, Michigan), is a researcher in Molecular Biophysics.	Karl James Jalkanen	1958
date of birth	Gary Bowyer (born 26 June 1971) is an English football coach and former professional player who is the former manager of Blackburn Rovers.	Gary Bowyer	26 June 1971
date of birth	Xenia Jankovic (born 26 October 1958) is a Serbian-Russian cellist.	Xenia Jankovic	26 October 1958
date of birth	Hubert Forstinger (born 2 September 1946) is a retired Austrian football referee.	Hubert Forstinger	2 September 1946
date of birth	Caroline Hedwall (born 13 May 1989) is a Swedish professional golfer who plays on the Ladies European Tour (LET) and the LPGA Tour.	Caroline Hedwall	13 May 1989
date of birth	Alois Müller (born 7 June 1890) was an Austrian football player.	Alois Müller	7 June 1890
date of birth	Brigt Rykkje (born 16 June 1975) is a Dutch and Norwegian speed skater.	Brigt Rykkje	16 June 1975
date of birth	Louise Haston (born 24 August 1980) is a Scottish paralympic tandem cyclist, piloting Aileen McGlynn.	Louise Haston	24 August 1980
date of birth	Antonio Bailetti (born 29 September 1937) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer who won a gold medal in the team time trial race at the 1960 Olympics.	Antonio Bailetti	29 September 1937
date of birth	LD Beghtol (born 1964, Fort Campbell, Kentucky) is an American musician, art director and writer.	LD Beghtol	1964
date of birth	Jan Kupecký or Ján Kupecký (in German: Johann Kupetzky, in Hungarian: Kupecky János, or Kupeczky János, 1667, Bazin, Royal Hungary (today Slovakia) -- July 16, 1740, Nürnberg) was a Czech portrait painter during the baroque.	Jan Kupecký	1667
date of birth	Ammianus Marcellinus (325 x 330 -- after 391) was a fourth-century Roman soldier and historian.	Ammianus Marcellinus	330
date of birth	Sudhanshu Sharma (born 19 February 1969) referred to as Dr. Sudhanshu is an Indian educationist and polymath: geologist, writer, thinker, politician, photographer, environmentalist.	Sudhanshu Sharma	19 February 1969
date of birth	Devlet I Giray, Dolat Girai (Crimean Tatar: I Devlet Geray, ۱دولت كراى‎; Taht Alğan Devlet Geray, تخت آلغان دولت كراى‎) (1512--1577) was a khan of the Crimean Khanate during whose long reign (1551--1577) the khanate rose to the pinnacle of its power.	Devlet I Giray	1512
date of birth	Zhang Lianwei (Chinese: 张连伟; born 2 May 1965) is a Chinese professional golfer.	Zhang Lianwei	2 May 1965
date of birth	Cornelis Johannes Kieviet (3 March 1858 -- 12 August 1931) was a Dutch teacher and writer of children's literature.	Cornelis Johannes Kieviet	3 March 1858
date of birth	Gabriele Schöpe (later Gabriele Krauß, born 2 April 1944) is a retired German diver.	Gabriele Schöpe	2 April 1944
date of birth	Mak Ka Lok (born 17 August 1965 in Hong Kong) is best known as a race car driver now living in Macau.	Mak Ka Lok	17 August 1965
date of birth	Oddvar Saga (2 January 1934 -- 8 January 2000) was a Norwegian ski jumper, who had his prime between 1960 and 1964.	Oddvar Saga	2 January 1934
date of birth	Paddy Canny (1919--2008) was an Irish fiddle player.	Paddy Canny	1919
date of birth	Shollen Richy E. Quarshie (born 1985), known by his stage name DJ Q, is an English disk jockey.	DJ Q	1985
date of birth	Marie-Soleil Beaudoin (born 1982) is a Canadian soccer referee.	Marie-Soleil Beaudoin	1982
date of birth	Ken Rich (born 1967 in Seattle, Washington) is an American producer/engineer/ composer and musician.	Ken Rich	1967
date of birth	Ole Rasmussen Apeness (11 February 1765 -- 14 February 1859) was a Norwegian district sheriff, soldier and farmer.	Ole Rasmussen Apeness	1765
date of birth	Andrea Bempensante (born 30 December 1969, in Milan) is an Italian screenwriter and senior writer at Le Iene Show, a satirical show on Italian television.	Andrea Bempensante	30 December 1969
date of birth	Patrick Kujala (born 15 May 1996) is a Spanish-born professional racing driver, who races under a Finnish racing licence.	Patrick Kujala	15 May 1996
date of birth	Gjorgji Talevski (born 15 March 1976) is a former Macedonian professional basketball Power forward who played for clubs like MZT Aerodrom, and Pelister.	Gjorgji Talevski	15 March 1976
date of birth	Wehhui Tom Liu (刘文惠,1956- ) is a Canadian antiques specialist and collector, best known in particular for his collection of fine Chinese ceramics in North America.	Wehhui Tom Liu	1956
date of birth	Sigrid Tomio (born 1975) from Pralognan is a French ski mountaineer.	Sigrid Tomio	1975
date of birth	Gaston Orellana, (born 18 July 1933) is a Spanish painter.	Gaston Orellana	18 July 1933
date of birth	Amy Guy (born 21 December 1983) is a Welsh beauty queen, television performer and athlete.	Amy Guy	21 December 1983
date of birth	Peaches Golding was born Lois Patricia Golding on 13 December 1953, in Spartanburg, South Carolina, US, one of two daughters of Charlie Brady Hauser and his wife Lois Elizabeth Brown.	Peaches Golding	13 December 1953
date of birth	David Maidza (born 10 April 1971 in Chipinge) is a former Zimbabwean rugby union player and currently the head coach of the NMMU Madibaz Varsity Cup team.	David Maidza	10 April 1971
date of birth	Omar Midani (Arabic: عمر ميداني ‎) (born 26 January 1994 in Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Omar Midani	26 January 1994
date of birth	Iskender Alptekin (Syriac: ܐܣܟܢܕܪ ܐܠܦܬܟܢ) also known as ``Matay Rabo'' (29 August 1961 -- 18 May 2010) Kafro, Tur Abdin was an Assyrian/Syriac politician, musician and the President of the European Syriac Union (ESU).	Iskender Alptekin	29 August 1961
date of birth	Walter Cradock (Craddock, Cradoc) (c. 1606 -- 1659) was a Welsh Anglican clergyman, who became a travelling evangelical preacher.	Walter Cradock	1606
date of birth	Kathryn Stripling Byer (born 1944), also called Kay Byer, is an American poet and teacher.	Kathryn Stripling Byer	1944
date of birth	Alyaksey Pohe (Belarusian: Аляксей Поге; Russian: Алексей Поге; born 9 April 1977) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer.	Alyaksey Pohe	9 April 1977
date of birth	Sanaul Huq (23 May 1924 -- 4 February 1993) was a Bangladeshi poet, translator, and educationist.	Sanaul Huq	23 May 1924
date of birth	Sinead Michael (born 20 July 1998) is an English teen actress best known for playing Sky Smith in The Sarah Jane Adventures.	Sinead Michael	20 July 1998
date of birth	John LeKay (born 1 June 1961) is an English conceptual and installation artist and sculptor, who lives in New York.	John LeKay	1 June 1961
date of birth	Nicholas of Modruš (Croatian: Nikola Modruški/Kotarski, c. 1427 -- 1480), born in Boka Kotorska, was a bishop of Modruš in Lika, the Pope's representative at the courts of King Stephen Tomašević of Bosnia and King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary (1463--1464).	Nicholas of Modruš	1427
date of birth	Xiong Weiping (Chinese: 熊维平, born 1956) is President of Chinalco, China's largest diversified mining company.	Xiong Weiping	1956
date of birth	Thomas Neale (1641--1699) was an English project-manager and politician who was also the first person to hold a position equivalent to postmaster-general of the North American colonies.	Thomas Neale	1641
date of birth	Omar Barghouti (born 1964) is a founding committee member of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (PACBI) and a co-founder of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement.	Omar Barghouti	1964
date of birth	Mircea Miclea (born 8 November 1963) is a Romanian professor and psychologist.	Mircea Miclea	8 November 1963
date of birth	Roger Lewis (born 26 February 1960) is a Welsh academic, biographer and journalist.	Roger Lewis	26 February 1960
date of birth	Anton Hám (20 April 1899 -- 23 November 1965) was a Slovak engraver and medallist.	Anton Hám	20 April 1899
date of birth	Amasa Stone Bishop (1921 -- May 21, 1997) was an American nuclear physicist specializing in fusion physics.	Amasa Stone Bishop	1921
date of birth	Negmat Rahman (born 17 April 1983) is a Chinese television host of Uyghur heritage, currently working for state broadcaster CCTV.	Negmat Rahman	17 April 1983
date of birth	Cristina Gaioni (born as Maria Cristina Gaioni, 4 November 1940) is an Italian actress, sometimes credited as Cristina Gajoni and Cristina Gaioni Visentin.	Cristina Gaioni	4 November 1940
date of birth	Charles Randolph Quirk, Baron Quirk, CBE, FBA (born 12 July 1920) is a British linguist and life peer.	Randolph Quirk	12 July 1920
date of birth	Ignace Jang (born 1969) is a South Korean and French violinist and is a grand and jury prize recipient.	Ignace Jang	1969
date of birth	Trevor Bolder (9 June 1950 -- 21 May 2013) was an English rock musician, songwriter and record producer.	Trevor Bolder	9 June 1950
date of birth	Kevin Michael Moore (born 1951) is an American lawyer and judge.	Kevin Michael Moore	1951
date of birth	Julia Krynke (born 20 November 1979) is a multilingual Polish actress, voice over artist and trained classical musician based in London, UK.	Julia Krynke	20 November 1979
date of birth	Harold Moss (born 1929) is an American politician, whose political career has taken place in Tacoma, Washington.	Harold Moss	1929
date of birth	Simon Tookoome (December 9, 1934, Chantrey Inlet - November 7, 2010 Baker Lake) was an Utkusiksalingmiut Inuk artist.	Simon Tookoome	1934
date of birth	Leigh Griffiths (born 20 August 1990) is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a striker for Celtic and the Scotland national football team.	Leigh Griffiths	20 August 1990
date of birth	Brent Piltz (born 13 November 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sydney in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 2001.	Brent Piltz	13 November 1978
date of birth	Christopher Glynn (born 5 September 1974) is an English classical pianist and festival director.	Christopher Glynn	5 September 1974
date of birth	Hill Zaini (born 13 October 1987), popularly known as Hill, is a well-known Bruneian singer and actor.	Hill Zaini	13 October 1987
date of birth	Chen Manyuan (Chinese: 陈漫远) (December 1911 -- November 22, 1986) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Chen Manyuan	December 1911
date of birth	Elaine Constantine (born 9 October 1965 in Bury, Lancashire), is a photographer and filmmaker known for her colourful and upbeat imagery of British youth culture.	Elaine Constantine	1965
date of birth	Kate MccGwire (born 1964) is an English sculptor who specializes in the medium of feathers.	Kate MccGwire	1964
date of birth	Georgina Jane Ainslie, Lady Ainslie (born 25 September 1977), better known as Georgie Thompson, is an English television presenter.	Georgie Thompson	25 September 1977
date of birth	Yavuz Can (born 23 February 1987) is a Turkish sprinter specialising in the 400 metres.	Yavuz Can	23 February 1987
date of birth	The Rt Rev Frederick Samuel Baines, DD (1858 -- 1939) was an Anglican Bishop in the first third of the 20th century.	Samuel Baines	1858
date of birth	Ragnar Arnalds (born 8 July 1938) is an Icelandic former MP and twice cabinet minister.	Ragnar Arnalds	8 July 1938
date of birth	George Valiantine (born 1874) was an American direct voice medium.	George Valiantine	1874
date of birth	Eddie Burns (1917--2004) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach of the mid 20th century.	Eddie Burns	1917
date of birth	Sir John St Aubyn, 5th Baronet (17 May 1758 -- 10 August 1839), was a British Member of Parliament, High Sheriff of Cornwall and Grand Master of the Freemasons.	Sir John St Aubyn, 5th Baronet	17 May 1758
date of birth	Israel Zviti (Hebrew: ישראל זביטי‎, born 15 January 1980) is a retired Israeli footballer who now works as the fitness coach of the youth team of Beitar Tubruk.	Israel Zviti	15 January 1980
date of birth	Mark Scharenbroich (born 1953) is an American motivational speaker, humorist, and author.	Mark Scharenbroich	1953
date of birth	Ruel Ross Appleton, Sr. (1853 -- February 13, 1928) of Brooklyn was a cotton goods broker and banker.	Ruel Ross Appleton	1853
date of birth	Paddy O'Keeffe (born 1864) was an Irish hurler who played as a half-back for the Cork senior team.	Paddy O'Keeffe	1864
date of birth	Ziad Antar (born 1978 in Saida, Lebanon) is a Lebanese filmmaker and photographer.	Ziad Antar	1978
date of birth	Daniel O'Daly (1595 -- 30 June 1662), also known as Dominic Ó Dálaigh and Dominic de Rosario, was an Irish diplomat and historian.	Daniel O'Daly	1595
date of birth	Joanna Trollope OBE (/ˈtrɒləp/; born 9 December 1943) is a British writer.	Joanna Trollope	9 December 1943
date of birth	Fritz Kreutzpointner (born 14 September 1967) is a German ex-racing driver who competed alongside Michael Schumacher and Karl Wendlinger in the 1991 24 Hours of Le Mans with Mercedes.	Fritz Kreutzpointner	14 September 1967
date of birth	Jacob Frankfort (born 1801, date of death unknown) was the first Jew to come to Los Angeles.	Jacob Frankfort	1801
date of birth	Marcin Wichary (born 17 February 1980) is a Polish handball goalkeeper,< member of the Polish National Handball Team for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing.	Marcin Wichary	17 February 1980
date of birth	Joseph G. Hakobyan (born 28 August 1931) is a Russian scientist.	Joseph G. Hakobyan	28 August 1931
date of birth	Keith E. Gubbins (born 27 January 1937) is a British born American chemical engineer who is the W.H. Clark Distinguished University Professor of Chemical Engineering at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, NC.	Keith E. Gubbins	27 January 1937
date of birth	Vivienne Olive (born 31 May 1950 in London) is a British-Australian composer and music educator.	Vivienne Olive	31 May 1950
date of birth	Rosa Paula Iribagiza Mwambutsa (born 20 March 1934) is the current pretender to the throne of Burundi and a member of that nation's parliament.	Rosa Paula Iribagiza	20 March 1934
date of birth	George F. MacDonald (born 1938) is a Canadian anthropologist and museum director who pioneered archaeological and ethnohistorical research on the Tsimshian and Gitksan and was the director of the Canadian Museum of Civilization from 1983 to 1998.	George F. MacDonald	1938
date of birth	Fumiya Araki (Japanese 荒木郁也; born 25 April 1988) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder who currently plays for the Hanshin Tigers of Nippon Professional Baseball.	Fumiya Araki	25 April 1988
date of birth	George William Rusden (9 July 1819 -- 23 December 1903) was an English-born historian, active in Australia.	George William Rusden	9 July 1819
date of birth	Grant Fisher (born 22 April 1997) is a Canadian-born American distance runner and soccer player.	Grant Fisher	22 April 1997
date of birth	Mom Chim Huy (born 18 April 1939) is a Cambodian politician.	Mom Chim Huy	18 April 1939
date of death	Samuel Pike (1717?--1773) was a member of a religious movement known as Sandemanians.	Samuel Pike	1773
date of death	Ferdinando d'Adda (27 August 1649 -- 27 January 1719) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal, bishop and diplomat.	Ferdinando d'Adda	27 January 1719
date of death	Sun Chuyue (Chinese: 孫處約) (died 664?), alternative name Sun Maodao (孫茂道) and/or Sun Daomao (孫道茂), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving briefly as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang.	Sun Chuyue	664
date of death	Alfred Schickel (18 June 1933 -- 30 September 2015) was a German revisionist historian and Scientific Director of the Zeitgeschichtliche Forschungsstelle Ingolstadt.	Alfred Schickel	30 September 2015
date of death	Saint Caprasius, sometimes Caprasius of Lérins (French: Caprais) (died 430) was a hermit who lived in Lérins, Provence.	Caprasius of Lérins	430
date of death	Amedeo Trilli (9 July 1906 - 30 November 1971) was an Italian film and television actor.	Amedeo Trilli	30 November 1971
date of death	Endre Krolopp (1935--2010) was a Hungarian malacologist, who published over 200 scientific papers and books, mainly on Quaternary molluscs.	Endre Krolopp	2010
date of death	John Homans (1877 -- 1954) was an American surgeon who described Homans' sign and Homans' operation.	John Homans	1954
date of death	Irene Thomas (28 June 1919 -- 27 March 2001) was a British radio personality, well known for her participation in quiz shows and panel games from the 1960s until her death.	Irene Thomas	27 March 2001
date of death	Hugh Tracey (1903--1977) was an important twentieth century ethnomusicologist.	Hugh Tracey	1977
date of death	Drago Marušič (1884--1964) was a Slovenian and Yugoslav politician and jurist.	Drago Marušič	1964
date of death	Bob Smalhout (13 October 1927 -- 2 July 2015) was a Dutch physician, professor and author.	Bob Smalhout	2 July 2015
date of death	Nikolaus Nilles (21 June 1828--31 January 1907) was a Roman Catholic writer and teacher.	Nikolaus Nilles	31 January 1907
date of death	Johnnie Maitland (3 December 1914 -- 18 January 1988) was an Australian sports shooter.	Johnnie Maitland	18 January 1988
date of death	Dr. John Augustus Abayomi-Cole (1848--1943) was a Sierra Leonean medical doctor and herbalist.	John Augustus Abayomi-Cole	1943
date of death	Cornelius Donahue alias ``Lame Johnny'', born in Philadelphia about 1850, died 1878 Cattle rustler, horse thief and general Wild West Outlaw from the Black Hills of South Dakota.	Cornelius Donahue	1878
date of death	Sir Richard Cave (died 16 June 1645) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640.	Richard Cave	16 June 1645
date of death	Francisco Sánchez de la Fuente (died Sep 1498) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Córdoba (1496-1498) and Bishop of Ávila (1493-1496).	Francisco Sánchez de la Fuente	1498
date of death	Andrija Mohorovičić (23 January 1857 -- 18 December 1936) was a Croatian meteorologist and seismologist.	Andrija Mohorovičić	18 December 1936
date of death	Maria Westberg (1853--1893), was a Swedish ballerina.	Maria Westberg	1893
date of death	Daniel Wakefield (1776--1846) was a writer on political economy.	Daniel Wakefield	1846
date of death	Cees van Kooten (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkeːs fɑn ˈkoːtə(n)); 20 August 1948 -- 24 August 2015) was a Dutch former international football striker.	Cees van Kooten	24 August 2015
date of death	Abraham ben Saul Broda (Hebrew: ???‎; c. 1640 in Mladá Boleslav -- 11 April 1717 in Frankfort/Main) was a Bohemian Talmudist (Talmudforscher).	Abraham ben Saul Broda	11 April 1717
date of death	Alfred Massey (16 October 1918 -- 24 January 2006) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City.	Alfred Massey	24 January 2006
date of death	Edgar Priestley Swain (1881--1949) was the fourth Bishop of Burnley from 1931 until 1950.	Priestley Swain	1949
date of death	Lilia Carrillo (1930--1974) was a Mexican painter from the Generación de la Ruptura, which broke with the Mexican School of Painting of the early 20th century.	Lilia Carrillo	1974
date of death	Arkady Pogodin (Russian: Арка́дий Соломо́нович Пого́дин, born Arkady Piliver; 1901, Odessa, Russian Empire -- 1975, Moscow, USSR) was a Soviet singer who worked in variety theater and operetta.	Arkady Pogodin	1975
date of death	Ben Holden Driver Warriss (29 May 1909 -- 14 January 1993), known as Ben Warriss, was an English comedian, and the first cousin of fellow comedy actor Jimmy Jewel.	Ben Warriss	14 January 1993
date of death	John Oscar Egeland (14 July 1891 -- 2 September 1985) was a Norwegian shipping leader.	John Oscar Egeland	2 September 1985
date of death	Max Pollikoff (1904 - 1984) was an American classical music violinist who created the Music in Our Time Series at the 92nd Street Y in New York City.	Max Pollikoff	1984
date of death	Michael Graf von Matuschka (29 September 1888--14 September 1944) was a German politician who took part in the July 20 plot.	Michael Graf von Matuschka	14 September 1944
date of death	Percy Dobell (29 April 1864 -- 5 January 1903) was an English cricketer active from 1886 to 1887 who played for Lancashire.	Percy Dobell	5 January 1903
date of death	John Favour (died 1624) was an English divine.	John Favour	1624
date of death	Holger Crafoord (1908 -- 1982) was a Swedish industrialist and founded Gambro along with Nils Alwall, a company that would commercialize Alwall's research into artificial kidneys.	Holger Crafoord	1982
date of death	Cornelius Neale (12 August 1789 -- February 1823, Chiswick) was an English clergyman.	Cornelius Neale	February 1823
date of death	Amos Russel Wells (23 December 1862 Glens Falls, New York -- 6 March 1933 Massachusetts) was a United States editor, author and professor.	Amos Russel Wells	6 March 1933
date of death	Dorothea von Velen (17 April 1670 -- 21 August 1732) was the mistress of Johann Wilhelm, Elector Palatine.	Dorothea von Velen	21 August 1732
date of death	Rufus Hathaway (1770--1822) was an American physician and folk art painter.	Rufus Hathaway	1822
date of death	Yusuf Zuayyin (Arabic: يوسف زعيّـن‎‎; 1931 -- 10 January 2016) was a Syrian politician.	Yusuf Zuayyin	10 January 2016
date of death	Solomon Gaon (1912--1994) was Sephardic Rabbi and Hakham of the Spanish and Portuguese Jews of the British Commonwealth.	Solomon Gaon	1994
date of death	Iris Stuart (February 2, 1903 -- December 21, 1936) was a motion picture actress of the silent film era.	Iris Stuart	1936
date of death	Gian Paolo Borghetti (corsu: Ghjuvan-Paulu Borghetti, français: Jean-Paul Borghetti, 23 June 1816 - 4 November 1897) was a Corsican writer, poet and politician.	Gian Paolo Borghetti	4 November 1897
date of death	Charles Hervey Bagot (17 April 1788 -- 29 July 1880), often referred to as ``Captain Bagot'', was an Irish-born South Australian pastoralist, mine owner and parliamentarian, and was the ancestor of a number of notable South Australian citizens.	Charles Hervey Bagot	1880
date of death	Alva J. McClain (1888-1968) was the founder and first president of Grace Theological Seminary and Grace College.	Alva J. McClain	1968
date of death	Gilbert James Everett (June 26, 1939 -- 2005) was a Kansas bank robber whose crime spree in the southeastern United States during the early 1980s resulted in his being listed on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted list for over four years.	Gilbert James Everett	2005
date of death	Nadezhda Ilyina (Russian: Надежда Ильина, née Колесникова, Kolesnikova; 24 January 1949 - 7 December 2013) was a Russian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Nadezhda Ilyina	7 December 2013
date of death	James Randolph Hubbell (13 July 1824 -- 26 November 1890) was an American politician from Ohio, serving as a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives.	James Randolph Hubbell	26 November 1890
date of death	Thomas Reed Martin (born April 28, 1866 in Menasha, Wisconsin - died February 1949) was an architect who was brought to Florida by one of its major developers during the turn of the twentieth century.	Thomas Reed Martin	February 1949
date of death	Sir Kanthiah Vaithianathan KBE CCS (1896-1965) (also spelt Vaidyanathan) was a Sri Lankan Tamil civil servant, politician, Member of the Senate and government minister.	Kanthiah Vaithianathan	1965
date of death	John Bushnell (died 1701) was an English sculptor, known for several outstanding funeral monuments in English churches and Westminster Abbey.	John Bushnell	1701
date of death	Elio Altramura (died 2004) was an Italian art director.	Elio Altramura	2004
date of death	Arthur Lee Loeb (13 July 1923, Amsterdam - 19 July 2002, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a Dutch scientist and crystallographer.	Arthur Lee Loeb	19 July 2002
date of death	Ernst Stern (1 April 1876 -- 28 August 1954) was a German scenic designer that through his collaborations with most of the prominent German directors of the early Twentieth century helped define the look of Expressionism in both the theatre and the cinema.	Ernst Stern	28 August 1954
date of death	František Jiránek (24 July 1698 -- 1778) was a Czech (Bohemian) Baroque composer, musician and very likely a student of Antonio Vivaldi.	František Jiránek	1778
date of death	Remo Bianco, birth name Remo Bianchi, (3 June 1922 -- 23 February 1988) was an Italian painter and sculptor.	Remo Bianco	23 February 1988
date of death	Bleiddud was Bishop of St David's (then known as Menevia) in Wales from 1061 to 1071.	Bleiddud	1071
date of death	Phil Mellor (Phil 'Mez' Mellor, died 7 June, 1989) was a Yorkshire-based motorcycle racer.	Phil Mellor	1989
date of death	François Xavier de Schwarz or François-Xavier-Nicolas Schwartz (8 January 1762 -- 9 October 1826) was born in Baden but joined the French army in 1776.	François Xavier de Schwarz	9 October 1826
date of death	Clement Coke (died 24 May 1629) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1629.	Clement Coke	24 May 1629
date of death	Guillemundus (also Guillemó) (died 827) was count of Razès and Conflent, in what is now southern France.	Guillemundus	827
date of death	Paolo Farinella (13 January 1953 -- 25 March 2000) was an Italian scientist very active in the planetary field and in the study of asteroids and small bodies of the Solar System.	Paolo Farinella	25 March 2000
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Schneidewin (6 June 1810 -- 11 January 1856), was a German classical scholar.	Friedrich Wilhelm Schneidewin	11 January 1856
date of death	Charles Delagrave (17 January 1881 -- 25 August 1952) was a Canadian notary and politician.	Charles Delagrave	25 August 1952
date of death	Józef Sylwester Sosnowski (died 31 December 1783), of the Nałęcz coat-of-arms, was a Polish-Lithuanian magnate --	Józef Sylwester Sosnowski	31 December 1783
date of death	King Robbo (born John Robertson, 23 October 1969 -- 31 July 2014) was an English underground graffiti artist.	King Robbo	31 July 2014
date of death	Squadron Leader Robert Anthony Maurice Palmer VC DFC* (7 July 1920 -- 23 December 1944) was an English posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious military decoration for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Robert Anthony Maurice Palmer	23 December 1944
date of death	Nicholas Petanovich, born Nikola Petanović (Serbian: Никола Петановић) (1892 - 29 January 1932), nicknamed ``Naiad'', was an American Montenegrin emigrant, philosopher, writer, political publicist and fighter for Montenegro's sovereignty and independence.	Nikola Petanović	29 January 1932
date of death	Richie Emselle (24 September 1917 - 16 January 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Richie Emselle	16 January 1992
date of death	Maurie Edwards (17 October 1922 -- 26 February 2007) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Maurie Edwards	26 February 2007
date of death	Evelyn Reed (1905 -- 1979) was an American communist and women's rights activist.	Evelyn Reed	1979
date of death	James Eights (1798--1882) was an American physician, scientist, and artist.	James Eights	1882
date of death	Halina Szymańska (1906--1989) was a Polish spy, working for the British government, known as the Allies conduit to Nazi German Admiral Wilhelm Canaris.	Halina Szymańska	1989
date of death	Sir William Albert Jenkins (9 September 1878 -- 23 October 1968) was a Welsh coal exporter and ship owner and Liberal politician.	William Albert Jenkins	23 October 1968
date of death	Cecilia Makiwane (1880--1919) was the first African registered professional nurse in South Africa and an early activist in the struggle for women's rights.	Cecilia Makiwane	1919
date of death	John Boydell (/ˈbɔɪdəl/; 19 January 1720 (New Style) -- 12 December 1804) was an 18th-century British publisher noted for his reproductions of engravings.	John Boydell	12 December 1804
date of death	Paul Mondoloni (September 27, 1916 -- July 29, 1985), alias Monsieur Paul, was an important figure of the French Connection, who was killed in 1985.	Paul Mondoloni	1985
date of death	Marshall Ellison Smith, Sr. (21 November 1933 -- 14 May 1999), was an American painter, sculptor and printmaker based in Alapaha, Ga.	Marshall Ellison Smith, Sr.	14 May 1999
date of death	Mihai Ivăncescu (22 March 1942 -- 2 January 2004) was a former Romanian football player.	Mihai Ivăncescu	2 January 2004
date of death	Cuno Amiet (28 March 1868 -- 6 July 1961) was a Swiss painter, illustrator, graphic artist and sculptor.	Cuno Amiet	6 July 1961
date of death	Jacques Feyerick (Ghent, 28 December 1874 - somewhere, 13 November 1955) was a Belgian athlete, who specialised in hurdling.	Jacques Feyerick	13 November 1955
date of death	Charles Stanton Devas (b. Woodside, Old Windsor, England, of Protestant parents, 26 August 1848; died 6 November 1906) was a political economist.	Charles Stanton Devas	6 November 1906
date of death	Mark Bullock (24 October 1872 -- 22 April 1925) was an English cricketer: a batsman who played four first-class matches for Worcestershire in 1900.	Mark Bullock	22 April 1925
date of death	Leslie Ballamy (1904 - 1991) was an inventor and automotive engineer who had a major impact on the British motorsport scene both before the Second World War and in the post-war period.	Leslie Ballamy	1991
date of death	Begum Sufia Kamal (Bengali: সুফিয়া কামাল; 20 June 1911 -- 20 November 1999) was a Bangladeshi poet and political activist.	Sufia Kamal	20 November 1999
date of death	Nicolai A. Grevstad (2 June 1851 -- 20 February 1940) was an American diplomat, politician and newspaper editor.	Nicolai A. Grevstad	20 February 1940
date of death	Sonja Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Соња Савић; 15 September 1961 -- 23 September 2008) was a cult Serbian actress, famous for her husky voice and series of impressive roles in some of the more memorable 1980s films made in former Yugoslavia.	Sonja Savić	23 September 2008
date of death	Vilhelm Tveteraas (18 April 1898 -- 4 January 1972) was a Norwegian printmaker, painter and illustrator.	Vilhelm Tveteraas	4 January 1972
date of death	Jan Karol Chodkiewicz (c. 1560 -- 24 September 1621; Belarusian: Ян Караль Хадкевіч, Jan Karal Chadkievič, Lithuanian: Jonas Karolis Chodkevičius) was a military commander of the Polish--	Jan Karol Chodkiewicz	24 September 1621
date of death	Frederick Henry Piesse, CMG (6 December 1853 -- 29 June 1912) was a farmer, businessman and politician who is credited with much of the early development of the region around Katanning, Western Australia.	Frederick Henry Piesse	29 June 1912
date of death	Thomas Wentworth, 1st Baron Wentworth and de jure 6th Baron le Despencer, PC (1501 -- 3 March 1551) was an English peer and courtier during the Tudor dynasty.	Thomas Wentworth, 1st Baron Wentworth	3 March 1551
date of death	Sir John Garrard, sometimes spelt Gerrard (c. 1546 -- 7 May 1625), was a City of London merchant, a member of the Worshipful Company of Haberdashers, a Buckinghamshire landowner, and a Lord Mayor of London.	John Garrard	7 May 1625
date of death	Ralph A. Tudor (1902 - 1962) was a builder, civil engineer and Under Secretary of the United States Interior Department.	Ralph A. Tudor	1962
date of death	Thomas New (1827--1914) was an early settler of the north west of New South Wales.	Thomas New	1914
date of death	Grace Stoermer (1887--1961) was a Los Angeles civic leader, banking executive, and the first woman to serve as the Secretary of the California State Senate.	Grace Stoermer	1961
date of death	Antipope Eulalius (died 423) was antipope from December 418 to April 419, in opposition to Pope Boniface I. At first the claims of Eulalius as the rightful Pope were recognized by the Emperor Honorius, who sent a letter dated 3 January 419 recognizing him and pardoning the partisans of Boniface provided they left Rome.	Antipope Eulalius	423
date of death	Malcolm Archibald Macdonald (June 20. 1875 Lucknow, Ontario - October 1941) was a Canadian lawyer, politician and Chief Justice of British Columbia.	Malcolm Archibald Macdonald	1941
date of death	Samuel Hall Lord, also called ``Sam Lord'' (1778 -- 5 November 1844) was one of the most famous buccaneers on the island of Barbados.	Samuel Hall Lord	5 November 1844
date of death	George Bayntun (4 August 1873 - September 1940) was an English bookseller, bookbinder, and collector.	George Bayntun	1940
date of death	Henry Gabriel Ginaca (May 19, 1876 - 1918) was an American engineer who invented, at the direction of Hawaiian pineapple magnate James Dole in 1911, a machine that could peel and core pineapples in an automated fashion.	Henry Gabriel Ginaca	1918
date of death	Admiral Charles Middleton, 1st Baron Barham PC (14 October 1726 -- 17 June 1813) was a British naval officer and politician.	Charles Middleton, 1st Baron Barham	17 June 1813
date of death	Thomas Dilward (1840--1902), also known by the stage name Japanese Tommy, was an African-American dwarf who performed in the blackface minstrel show.	Thomas Dilward	1902
date of death	Elling Carlsen (8 September 1819 -- 18 April 1900) was a Norwegian skipper from Hammerfest and seal hunter, Elling Carlsen is credited with the 1871 discovery of Willem Barentsz' 1596 winter stay on the north-eastern shore of Novaya Zemlya.	Elling Carlsen	18 April 1900
date of death	Trần Thái Tông (birth name: Trần Cảnh, 17 July 1218 -- 4 May 1277) was the first emperor of the Trần Dynasty, seated on the throne for 33 years (1226--58), being Grand Emperor for 19 years.	Trần Thái Tông	4 May 1277
date of death	J.-Émile Ferron (25 September 1896 -- 2 March 1970) was a lawyer and federal Quebec politician.	J.-Émile Ferron	2 March 1970
date of death	Áed Findliath died on 20 November 879, at Druim Inasclainn: in the territory of Conaille.	Áed Findliath	20 November 879
date of death	Queen Anu or Lady Anu (Mongolian: Ану хатан; also known as Ana Dara; birth date unknown - 1696) was granddaughter of Ochirtu Secen Khan of Khoshuud (or his youngest daughter according to some written historical sources), who was the nephew and adopted son of Güshi Khan.	Queen Anu	1696
date of death	Sir Arnold Ashley Miles CBE FRS (20 March 1904 -- 11 February 1988), known as Ashley Miles, was the Director of the Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine and Professor of Experimental Pathology in the University of London from 1952 to 1971.	Arnold Ashley Miles	11 February 1988
date of death	Marchetto Cara (c. 1470 -- probably 1525) was an Italian composer, lutenist and singer of the Renaissance.	Marchetto Cara	1525
date of death	Vera Rózsa OBE (or Vera Rozsa-Nordell, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈvera ˈroːʒa)) (16 May 1917 -- 15 October 2010) was a Hungarian singer, voice teacher, and vocal consultant.	Vera Rózsa	15 October 2010
date of death	Sapargali Begalin, born 24 November 1895 in Abralinsky and died 10 March 1983, was a Kazakh poet.	Sapargali Begalin	10 March 1983
date of death	Juan Lombía (1806 in Zaragoza -- 1851 in Madrid) was a Spanish actor, author and theatre impresario.	Juan Lombía	1851
date of death	Gertrude Aston Thimelby (1617--1668) was an English poet and author, who became a Roman Catholic nun late in life.	Gertrude Aston Thimelby	1668
date of death	Mabel Fuller Blodgett (1869--1959) was a novelist and writer of children's books.	Mabel Fuller Blodgett	1959
date of death	Penny Dann (30 June 1964 -- 20 December 2014) was a British children's book illustrator and creator of The Secret Fairy.	Penny Dann	20 December 2014
date of death	Olav Nordrå (25 December 1919, Hammerfest - 28 April 1994) was a Norwegian writer.	Olav Nordrå	28 April 1994
date of death	Elleston Trevor (17 February 1920 -- 21 July 1995) was a British novelist and playwright who wrote under several pseudonyms.	Elleston Trevor	21 July 1995
date of death	Herbert Jenner (born 23 February 1806 at Mayfair, London; died 30 July 1904 at Falfield, Gloucestershire) was an English barrister.	Herbert Jenner	30 July 1904
date of death	Buchanan Sharp (2 November 1894 -- 11 January 1956) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Clydebank Juniors, Vale of Leven, Chelsea, Tottenham Hotspur, Leicester City, Nelson and Southport.	Buchanan Sharp	11 January 1956
date of death	Captain John Allen, 4th Viscount Allen (b. bef. 1726 -- 10 November 1753) was an Irish peer and politician.	John Allen, 4th Viscount Allen	10 November 1753
date of death	Adegboyega Folaranmi Adedoyin (11 September 1922 -- January 2014) was a Nigerian-born British high jumper and long jumper.	Adegboyega Folaranmi Adedoyin	January 2014
date of death	Sydney Gedge (16 October 1829 -- 6 April 1923) was a British Conservative politician and prominent lay member of the Church of England.	Sydney Gedge	6 April 1923
date of death	Gerhard Charles Aalders (25 March 1880 -- 30 January 1961), usually styled as G. Ch. Aalders, was a Dutch Old Testament scholar.	G. Ch. Aalders	30 January 1961
date of death	Stanley Woods (1903 -- 28 July 1993) was an Irish motorcycle racer famous for 29 motorcycle Grand Prix wins and winning the Isle of Man TT races 10 times in his career.	Stanley Woods	28 July 1993
date of death	Tengku Ampuan Bariah Binti Al-Marhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj (31 August 1933 -- 21 March 2011) was the Tengku Ampuan Besar (Queen) of Terengganu from 1979 to 1998 as the wife of Sultan Mahmud Al-Muktafi Billah Shah.	Tengku Ampuan Bariah	21 March 2011
date of death	Smith D. Woods (December 2, 1830 -- December 28, 1888) was a Democrat Mayor of Kansas City in 1874 and 1875.	Smith D. Woods	1888
date of death	Rudy Sternberg, Baron Plurenden Kt (17 April 1917 -- 5 January 1978) was an Austro-British industrialist and farmer.	Rudy Sternberg	5 January 1978
date of death	Johann von Lamont FRSE, also referred to as Johann Lamont (13 December 1805 -- 6 August 1879), was a Scottish-German astronomer and physicist.	Johann von Lamont	6 August 1879
date of death	Frederick G. Scheibler, Jr. (1872--1958) was an American architect.	Frederick G. Scheibler, Jr.	1958
date of death	Akatsuka Jitoku (1871-1936) was a Japanese artist.	Akatsuka Jitoku	1936
date of death	Guy Buckingham (11 February 1921 -- 17 November 2015) was an English aircraft engineer who established the Australian automobile manufacturer ``Nota'' in 1952 in Oxford before taking it to Australia in 1955.	Guy Buckingham	17 November 2015
date of death	Rev William Lucas Collins (baptised 23 May 1815 -- 24 March 1887) was a Church of England presbyter and essayist.	William Lucas Collins	24 March 1887
date of death	Risteard Ó Foghludha (5 March 1871--20 August 1957) was an Irish-language teacher, journalist and editor from near Youghal, County Cork.	Risteard Ó Foghludha	20 August 1957
date of death	Egid Quirin Asam (1 September 1692 (baptized) - 29 April 1750) was a German plasterer and sculptor active during the period of the Late Baroque.	Egid Quirin Asam	29 April 1750
date of death	Wang Shifan (王師範) (874 -- July 10, 908?) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who ruled Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Weifang, Shandong) from 889 to 905 (formally, as its military governor (Jiedushi) from 891 to 903).	Wang Shifan	908
date of death	William George Verney (1871--1950) was a footballer who made six appearances as a half-back, scoring once, in the FA Cup for Southampton St. Mary's between 1888 and 1896.	George Verney	1950
date of death	Ernest A. Batchelder (1875--1957) was an American artist and educator who made Southern California his home in the early 20th century.	Ernest A. Batchelder	1957
date of death	William Guglielmo Niederland (29 August 1904 - 30 July 1993) was a German-American psychoanalyst and a pioneer in the scholarly field of psychogeography.	William Guglielmo Niederland	30 July 1993
date of death	Federico Henríquez y Carvajal (Santo Domingo, 16 September 1848-- ibidem, 4 February 1952) was a writer, journalist and teacher from the Dominican Republic.	Federico Henríquez y Carvajal	4 February 1952
date of death	William Joseph Corbet (12 December 1824 -- 1 December 1909) was an Irish nationalist politician and Member of Parliament (MP) for constituencies in County Wicklow for most of the period from 1880 to 1900.	William Joseph Corbet	1 December 1909
date of death	Léopold Renaudin (11 March 1749 -- 7 May 1795) was a French revolutionary sworn to the Revolutionary Tribunal.	Léopold Renaudin	7 May 1795
date of death	Leo Kofler (also known by the pseudonyms Stanislaw Warynski or Jules Dévérité; 26 April 1907 -- 29 July 1995) was an Austrian-German Marxist sociologist.	Leo Kofler	29 July 1995
date of death	Florence Nightingale David, also known as F. N. David (23 August 1909 -- 23 July 1993) was an English statistician, born in Ivington, Herefordshire, England.	Florence Nightingale David	23 July 1993
date of death	Gregory Blaxland (17 June 1778 -- 1 January 1853) was an English pioneer farmer and explorer in Australia, noted especially for initiating and co-leading the first successful crossing of the Blue Mountains by European settlers.	Gregory Blaxland	1 January 1853
date of death	Alice Harrison (1852 -- May 3, 1896) was an English stage actress born in London.	Alice Harrison	1896
date of death	Sir Herbert Smith, 1st Baronet (22 June 1872 -- 14 July 1943), known as ``Piggy'' Smith, was an English carpet manufacturer.	Sir Herbert Smith, 1st Baronet	14 July 1943
date of death	Louis Campbell-Tipton (1877--1921) was an American composer; a native of Chicago, Illinois, he was resident in Paris from 1901.	Louis Campbell-Tipton	1921
date of death	Herb Friend (6 July 1888 -- 13 March 1954) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Herb Friend	13 March 1954
date of death	Daniel Priest (1814-1883) was a convict and bushranger in nineteenth century Tasmania.	Daniel Priest	1883
date of death	Christopher Rolleston CMG, (27 July 1817 -- 9 April 1888) was an English-born colonial public servant in Australia.	Christopher Rolleston	9 April 1888
date of death	William Goodhugh (1799?--1842) was an English bookseller and writer.	William Goodhugh	1842
date of death	Ralph Robertson (31 August 1881 -- 11 May 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and had a noted career in New South Wales.	Ralph Robertson	11 May 1917
date of death	Goh Eng Wah (1923 -- 5 September 2015) was a film distributor, and one of the pioneers in Singapore's cinema industry.	Goh Eng Wah	2015
date of death	Otto Brusiin (1906-1973) was a leading Finnish teacher of law.	Otto Brusiin	1973
date of death	George Koriatovich, also known as George Korjatowicz or Jurg Korjat (Polish: Jerzy Koriatowicz) (after 1330 -- 1375-1377), was a Lithuanian prince, a member of the Gediminid dynasty.	George Koriatovich	1375
date of death	John de Ros, 7th Baron de Ros of Helmsley (c.1397 -- 22 March 1421) was an English nobleman.	John de Ros, 7th Baron de Ros	22 March 1421
date of death	Bogdan Bogdanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Богдан Богдановић; 20 August 1922 − 18 June 2010) was a Serbian architect, urbanist and essayist.	Bogdan Bogdanović	18 June 2010
date of death	Lt. Philip Dalton (1903 - 25 July 1941) was a United States military scientist.	Philip Dalton	25 July 1941
date of death	Philip of Aragon (Spanish: Felipe de Aragón, Italian: Filippo d'Aragona; 1449/50--1488) was the Archbishop of Palermo from 31 January 1477, when he received confirmation of his election from Sixtus IV until he renounced his see in 1485.	Philip of Aragon	1488
date of death	Di Biagio Baldassarre del Firenze (1430/1434--1484) was an Italian Renaissance painter.	Di Biagio Baldassarre del Firenze	1484
date of death	Elizabeth Compton, Countess of Northampton (19 August 1694 -- 13 March 1741), suo jure 14th Baroness Ferrers of Chartley, was a British peer.	Elizabeth Compton, Countess of Northampton	13 March 1741
date of death	Ilie Antonescu (born 1894, died 1974) was a Major General of the Romanian Armed Forces during World War II. He became a Commanding Officer 6th Calarasi Cavalry Regiment in 1941, and moved to the 55th Exploration Group and then to the 6th Calarasi Cavalry Regiment that year.	Ilie Antonescu	1974
date of death	Gertrud Kraus (Hebrew: גרטרוד קראוס‎; 5 May 1901 - 13 November 1977) was an Israeli pioneer of modern dance in Israel.	Gertrud Kraus	13 November 1977
date of death	Jean Carles (1892--1966) was a French perfumer who worked in Roure (now part of Givaudan) in the early 20th century.	Jean Carles	1966
date of death	Watkin Tench (6 October 1758 -- 7 May 1833) was a British marine officer who is best known for publishing two books describing his experiences in the First Fleet, which established the first settlement in Australia in 1788.	Watkin Tench	7 May 1833
date of death	Reg Owen (3 February 1921 -- 23 May 1978) was an English conductor and arranger.	Reg Owen	23 May 1978
date of death	John Weever (1576--1632) was an English antiquary and poet.	John Weever	1632
date of death	Áine Ní Cheanainn, headmistress and co-founder of Cumann Scannán na nÓg, 1907--1999.	Áine Ní Cheanainn	1999
date of death	Maria Piotrowiczowa, a January insurgent, participant of the battle of Dobra (the Łódź province), born in 1839, killed on 24 February 1863.	Maria Piotrowiczowa	1863
date of death	Luigi Lucchini (21 January 1919 -- 26 August 2013) was an Italian businessman and steel executive.	Luigi Lucchini	26 August 2013
date of death	George Maniakes (Greek: Γεώργιος Μανιάκης, transliterated as Georgios Maniaces, Maniakis, or Maniaches, Italian: Giorgio Maniace) (died 1043) was a prominent Byzantine Greek general during the 11th century, he was the catepan of Italy in 1042.	George Maniakes	1043
date of death	Leonard Mann (15 November 1895 -- 29 April 1981) was an Australian poet, and novelist.	Leonard Mann	1981
date of death	Ruaidhri Ó Cianáin (died 1387) was an Irish historian.	Ruaidhri Ó Cianáin	1387
date of death	Kazuaki Kimura (24 April 1946 -- 26 September 2015) was a professor and researcher of modern Japanese literature at Ritsumeikan University, Kyoto.	Kazuaki Kimura	26 September 2015
date of death	Niels Diffrient (6 September 1928 -- 8 June 2013) was an American industrial designer.	Niels Diffrient	8 June 2013
date of death	Pope Romanus (died November 897) was Pope from August to November 897.	Pope Romanus	November 897
date of death	Daniel Terry (1780?--1829) was an English actor and playwright, known also as a close associate of Sir Walter Scott.	Daniel Terry	1829
date of death	Leofwine Godwinson (c. 1035 -- 14 October 1066) was a younger brother of Harold II of England, the fifth son of Earl Godwin.	Leofwine Godwinson	14 October 1066
date of death	Gabino Sosa Benítez (1938--2003) was a Uruguayan comedian, itinerant singer, popular musician.	Gabino Sosa Benítez	2003
date of death	Grażyna Bacewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ɡraˈʐɨna baˈt͡sɛvit͡ʂ); 5 February 1909 -- 17 January 1969) was a Polish composer and violinist.	Grażyna Bacewicz	17 January 1969
date of death	Hendrick van Buyten (1632 - July 1701) was a baker in Delft.	Hendrick van Buyten	July 1701
date of death	Ian Buchan (c.1920-1965) was manager of Everton Football Club from 1956 to 1958.	Ian Buchan	1965
date of death	Sir Peter Riddel (died 18 April 1641) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1624 and 1640.	Peter Riddel	18 April 1641
date of death	William Cawthra (29 October 1801 -- 26 October 1880) was a philanthropist, business and civic leader and the eldest son of Joseph Cawthra.	William Cawthra	26 October 1880
date of death	Christine Sadler (1902--1983), born in Silver Point, Putnam County, Tennessee, was an American author, journalist, and magazine editor.	Christine Sadler	1983
date of death	Karl Holdhaus (21 January 1883, in Baden bei Wien -- 30 June 1975) was an Austrian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Karl Holdhaus	30 June 1975
date of death	Johannes Emil Gnudtzmann (17 November 1837 -- 14 April 1922) was a Danish architect working in the Historicist style.	Johannes Emil Gnudtzmann	14 April 1922
date of death	Yuchi Gong (585--658), courtesy name Jingde, better known as Yuchi Jingde, posthumously known as Duke Zhongwu of E, was a Chinese general who lived in the early Tang dynasty.	Yuchi Gong	658
date of death	Stanisław Ledóchowski (1666--1725) was a polish marshal of the Crown Tribunal (1701), member of the Sandomierz Confederation of 1704, marshal of the Tarnogród Confederation (1715--1716), marshal of the Sejm during Sejm Niemy of 1717.	Stanisław Ledóchowski	1725
date of death	Abdur Rouf Choudhury (1929--1996) was a Bengali writer Choudhury was born on 1 March 1929, in Habiganj District, Bangladesh (then part of Assam) where his father Azhar Choudhury, a land owner, and his mother Nazmun Nesa Choudhury, a house wife resided.	Abdur Rouf Choudhury	1996
date of death	Danny Lui (Lui Tam Ping) (7 January 1957 - 1 July 2012) was a Hong Kong entrepreneur and venture capitalist.	Danny Lui	1 July 2012
date of death	Asa Eldridge (1809 -- 1856) was a sea captain from Yarmouth, Massachusetts.	Asa Eldridge	1856
date of death	Sammy Ofer (born Samuel Herskovich; 22 February 1922 -- 3 June 2011) was an Israeli shipping magnate and philanthropist.	Sammy Ofer	3 June 2011
date of death	Asllan Rusi (4 October 1944--1983) is a former Albanian volleyball player who played for Dinamo Tirana and the Albanian national team.	Asllan Rusi	1983
date of death	Luis Carrillo was, from November 1567 to about July 1568, royal commissioner with Alonso Muñoz for the inspection of the viceregal government of New Spain for King Philip II.	Luis Carrillo	1568
date of death	Daphne Pollard (19 October 1892 in Fitzroy, Melbourne -- 22 February 1978 in Los Angeles) was an Australian actress in American films, mostly short comedies.	Daphne Pollard	22 February 1978
date of death	Helen Lessore OBE (31 October 1907 -- 6 May 1994) was a gallerist and the director of the Beaux Arts Gallery in London as well as an English modernist painter and visual artist.	Helen Lessore	6 May 1994
date of death	Polyclès Langlois (29 September 1814 -- 30 November 1872) was a French writer, draughtsman and painter.	Polyclès Langlois	30 November 1872
date of death	Enrique Santos Discépolo (Discepolín) (27 March 1901 -- 23 December 1951) was an Argentine tango and milonga musician and composer, author of famous tangos such as ``Cambalache'' and many others performed by several of the most important singers of his time, amongst them notably Carlos Gardel.	Enrique Santos Discépolo	23 December 1951
date of death	Julian Sleigh, (6 October 1927 in Florence - 2 October 2013 in Cape Town) was a Christian Community priest, councillor, founding member of Camphill in South Africa and author.	Julian Sleigh	2 October 2013
date of death	Sir Edward Ward, 1st Baronet of Bexley (c. 1618--1684) was twice Sheriff of Norfolk in 1655--56 and 1656--57.	Sir Edward Ward, 1st Baronet of Bexley	1684
date of death	Congalach mac Conaing Cuirre (died 696) was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Uí Néill.	Congalach mac Conaing Cuirre	696
date of death	Sir Bryan Stapleton KG (c. 1322 -- 1394) was an English medieval knight from Yorkshire.	Bryan Stapleton	1394
date of death	James H. Brookes, D. D. (27 February 1830 -- 18 April 1897), American religious writer, was pastor of Walnut Street Presbyterian Church in St. Louis, Missouri.	James H. Brookes	1897
date of death	Joseph Caulfield James (6 July 1860 -- 6 July 1925) was an English teacher from Birkenhead, England.	Joseph Caulfield James	6 July 1925
date of death	Camille Decreus, sometimes written as Camille DeCreus or Camille de Creus (23 September 1876 -- 26 September 1939) was a French composer and pianist.	Camille Decreus	26 September 1939
date of death	Luigi Gaspare Peyri or Louis Gaspard Balthazar Pierre Léon Marie Peyri (1758 -- 1822) became a general officer in the army of the Kingdom of Italy which was a satellite of Napoleon's First French Empire.	Luigi Gaspare Peyri	1822
date of death	Harold A. Reid (also known by the pen name H. Reid) (1925--1992) was an American writer, photographer, and historian.	H. Reid	1992
date of death	Henry Clay Lewis (1825--1850) was an American short story writer and medical doctor from the middle of the 19th century.	Henry Clay Lewis	1850
date of death	Ilse-Margret Vogel (5 June 1914 -- 7 October 2001) was a German-American author who mostly wrote for children and young adults.	Ilse-Margret Vogel	7 October 2001
date of death	Sir Thomas Moyle (born before 1500 - died 2 October 1560, probably at Eastwell, Kent) was a commissioner for Henry VIII in the dissolution of the monasteries, and speaker of the House of Commons in the Parliament of England from 1542 to 1544.	Thomas Moyle	1560
date of death	Vuča Žikić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вуча Жикић, mid-18th century -- 14 April 1808), known as Captain Žika, was an important figure in the First Serbian Uprising.	Vuča Žikić	14 April 1808
date of death	Raimondo della Torre (died 23 February 1299) was an Italian clergyman, who was patriarch of Aquileia from 1273 until his death.	Raimondo della Torre	23 February 1299
date of death	Janice H. Levin (1913--2001) was an American philanthropist and art collector from New York City.	Janice H. Levin	2001
date of death	William Chatterton (27 December 1861 -- 19 March 1913) was an English cricketer and footballer.	William Chatterton	19 March 1913
date of death	Shi Jingtang (石敬瑭) (30 March 892 -- 28 July 942), also known by his temple name Gaozu (高祖), was the founding emperor of imperial China's short-lived Later Jin during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, reigning from 936 until his death.	Shi Jingtang	28 July 942
date of death	Major-General Sir Stuart Greeves KBE CB DSO and Bar, MC and Bar (1897--1989) was a British Indian Army officer.	Stuart Greeves	1989
date of death	Jacques-François Ochard (1800--1870) was a French artist, remembered as the first art teacher of Claude Monet at his high school.	Jacques-François Ochard	1870
date of death	Herman Bicknell (2 April 1830 -- 14 March 1875) was an FRAS, British surgeon, orientalist, and linguist, son of Elhanan Bicknell.	Herman Bicknell	14 March 1875
date of death	Noel George Williams (19 September 1943 -- 5 January 2015), better known as King Sporty, was a Jamaican DJ, reggae musician, and record producer for the Tashamba and Konduko labels.	King Sporty	5 January 2015
date of death	Sarah Crompton (1802 -- 13 May 1881) was an English children's writer.	Sarah Crompton	13 May 1881
date of death	Paul Thümmel (15 January 1902 -- 20 April 1945), aka Agent A-54, was a German double agent who spied for Czechoslovakia during World War II. He was a high-ranking member of the German military intelligence organisation, the Abwehr, who was also a highly decorated Nazi party member.	Paul Thümmel	20 April 1945
date of death	Liu Gongquan (simplified Chinese: 柳公权; traditional Chinese: 柳公權; pinyin: Liǔ Gōngquán; Wade--Giles: Liu Kungch'üan) (778--865), courtesy name Chengxuan (诚悬), was a Chinese calligrapher who stood with Yan Zhenqing as the two great masters of late Tang calligraphy.	Liu Gongquan	865
date of death	Peter Hersleb Classen, frequently also P. H. Classen, (10 March 1738 --19 May 1825) was a Danish-Norwegian statesman and director of Det Classenske Fideicommis.	Peter Hersleb Classen	19 May 1825
date of death	Hanna Hammarström (Stockholm, 4 November 1829-1909), was a Swedish inventor and industrialist.	Hanna Hammarström	1909
date of death	Georgios Remoundos (Γεώργιος Ρεμούνδος, 1878, Athens -- 27 April 1928) was a Greek mathematician and a founding member of the Academy of Athens in 1926.	Georgios Remoundos	27 April 1928
date of death	James Thomas Molesworth (1795 -- 13 July 1871) was a military officer in the services of the British East India Company, and one of the most prominent lexicographers of the Marathi language.	James Thomas Molesworth	13 July 1871
date of death	Thomas Percival Lancaster (ca 1877 -- 1968) was a newspaper publisher and political figure in Ontario.	Thomas Percival Lancaster	1968
date of death	Dr. Edward Keonjian (14 August 1909 -- 6 September 1999) was a prominent engineer, an early leader in the field of low-power electronics, the father of microelectronics.	Edward Keonjian	6 September 1999
date of death	Salomon II (Ge'ez ሣሎሞን) was nəgusä nägäst (13 April 1777 -- 20 July 1779) of Ethiopia.	Salomon II	20 July 1779
date of death	Robert Porrett (1783--1868) was an English amateur chemist and antiquary.	Robert Porrett	1868
date of death	Albert Glotzer (1908--1999), also known as Albert Gates was a professional stenographer and founder of the Trotskyist movement in the United States.	Albert Glotzer	1999
date of death	Saira Elizabeth Luiza Shah, née Elizabeth Louise MacKenzie, (1900 -- 15 August 1960) was a Scottish writer who wrote under the pen name Morag Murray Abdullah.	Saira Elizabeth Luiza Shah	15 August 1960
date of death	Major John Leslie Charles (1892-1992) was Chief Engineer for the Canadian National Railway (Western Region) and consulting engineer for the Canadian National Railway.	John Leslie Charles	1992
date of death	Princess Katarzyna Lubomirska (died 1611) was a Polish szlachcianka.	Katarzyna Lubomirska	1611
date of death	August Ludwig Schott (1751--1787) was a German lawyer and professor.	August Ludwig Schott	1787
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Dumouchelle (Dumouchel) (5 April 1784 -- 29 March 1844) was born in Sandwich (now Windsor), Upper Canada.	Jean-Baptiste Dumouchelle	29 March 1844
date of death	Brunhilde Sonntag (27 September 1936 -- 18 December 2002) was a German composer, musicologist and music teacher.	Brunhilde Sonntag	18 December 2002
date of death	Georges Baal (born György Balassa; 17 May 1938 -- 6 December 2013) was a Hungarian writer, theatrologist, actor, director and psychologist.	Georges Baal	6 December 2013
date of death	Archibald Meston (26 March 1851 -- 11 March 1924) was an Australian politician, civil servant, journalist, naturalist and explorer.	Archibald Meston	11 March 1924
date of death	Gubbi Veeranna (Kannada: ಗುಬ್ಬಿ ವೀರಣ್ಣ; 1890 -- 1974) was an Indian theatre director, one of the pioneers and most prolific contributors to Kannada theatre.	Gubbi Veeranna	1974
date of death	Esther Ballestrino (20 January 1918 -- disappeared 17 or 18 December 1977) was a Uruguayan martyr.	Esther Ballestrino	December 1977
date of death	John Heaver DD (d. 23 June 1670) was a Canon of Windsor from 1662-1670	John Heaver	23 June 1670
date of death	Maria Moninckx (22 April 1673 (baptised) - 26 February 1757 (buried)) was a Dutch botanical artist and painter, best known for the colour plates she and her father, Jan Moninckx, created and which make up the nine-volume Moninckx Atlas.	Maria Moninckx	26 February 1757
date of death	Theodor Rosebury (London, 10 August 1904--Conway, Massachusetts, 25 November 1976) was a British-born American bacteriologist and author.	Theodor Rosebury	25 November 1976
date of death	Norm Betson (8 July 1914 -- 5 May 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1940s.	Norm Betson	5 May 1988
date of death	Matt Devlin (30 April 1950 -- 28 December 2005) was a Provisional Irish Republican Army volunteer who took part in the 1981 Irish hunger strike and was later a leading member of Sinn Féin in County Westmeath, Republic of Ireland.	Matt Devlin	28 December 2005
date of death	Uzi Feinerman (Hebrew: עוזי פיינרמן‎, born 1924, died 8 April 1975) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1969 and 1975.	Uzi Feinerman	8 April 1975
date of death	Ferenc Szombathelyi (né Knausz or Knauz; 17 May 1887 - 4 November 1946) was a Hungarian military officer who served as Chief of Army Staff during World War II.	Ferenc Szombathelyi	4 November 1946
date of death	Richard Yarward or Yearwood (1580--1632) was an English grocer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1629.	Richard Yarward	1632
date of death	Abda of Hira (died 680) was a monk of the Assyrian Church of the East.	Abda of Hira	680
date of death	Silahdar Damat Ali Pasha (1667 -- 5 August 1716), also called Silahdar Ali Pasha, was an Ottoman general and Grand Vizier.	Silahdar Damat Ali Pasha	5 August 1716
date of death	James Franklin Record (June 21, 1861 -- 1935) was a pastor, school teacher, and President of Pikeville Collegiate Institute, and later Pikeville College.	James Franklin Record	1935
date of death	Mac Ahlberg (12 June 1931 -- 26 October 2012) was a Swedish film director and cinematographer.	Mac Ahlberg	26 October 2012
date of death	Lorenzo Lauri (15 October 1864 -- 8 October 1941) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Major Penitentiary from 1927 and Camerlengo from 1939 until his death and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1926.	Lorenzo Lauri	8 October 1941
date of death	Bernard Peiffer (pie-fer) (23 October 1922 -- 7 September 1976) was a French jazz pianist, composer, and teacher.	Bernard Peiffer	7 September 1976
date of death	James (Jack) Cummins (1773--1849) was a Texas farmer, public official and a colonist of Stephen F. Austin's first settlement in Texas.	James (Jack) Cummins	1849
date of death	Janus of Cyprus (1375 -- 29 June 1432) was a King of Cyprus, King of Armenia and a Titular King of Jerusalem from 1398 to 1432.	Janus of Cyprus	29 June 1432
date of death	Sancho Alfónsez (or Adefónsez) (ca. 1093 -- 29 May 1108) was the only son of Alfonso VI of Castile and León and his heir from May 1107, eventually co-ruling from Toledo.	Sancho Alfónsez	29 May 1108
date of death	Harold Shukman (23 March 1931 -- 11 July 2012) was a British historian, specializing in the history of Russia.	Harold Shukman	11 July 2012
date of death	Karl August Devrient (5 April 1797 -- 3 August 1872) was a German stage actor best known for performances of Schiller and Shakespeare.	Karl August Devrient	3 August 1872
date of death	Zalmon Libin, usually known as Z. Libin (1872-1955; real name: Yisrael-Zalman Hurvits or Gurvitz), was a writer of short stories and a playwright in Yiddish theater, active around 1900.	Zalmon Libin	1955
date of death	Wilhelm Josef Oomens SJ (14 September 1918 -- 27 June 2008) was a Dutch Jesuit and painter.	Wilhelm Josef Oomens	27 June 2008
date of death	Vincent Melzac (1914--1989) was an American business executive and art collector, best known as one of the earliest and most daring collectors of paintings of the Washington Color School.	Vincent Melzac	1989
date of death	Dinu Lipatti (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈdinu liˈpati); 1 April (O.S. 19 March) 1917 -- 2 December 1950) was a Romanian classical pianist and composer whose career was cut short by his death from causes related to Hodgkin's disease at age 33.	Dinu Lipatti	2 December 1950
date of death	Pieter Christoffel Wonder (10 January 1780, Utrecht - 12 July 1852, Amsterdam) was a Dutch painter, active in England.	Pieter Christoffel Wonder	12 July 1852
date of death	Maraimalai Adigal (15 July 1876 -- 15 September 1950) was an eminent Tamil orator and writer.	Maraimalai Adigal	15 September 1950
date of death	Ciriaco Ceballos Neto or Ciriaco Cevallos y Bustillo (Quijano, Cantabria, 1763 - México, 1816) was a Spanish sailor, explorer and cartographer.	Ciriaco Ceballos	1816
date of death	Thomas Harrison Burder (1789--1843) was an English physician and author.	Thomas Harrison Burder	1843
date of death	Henry James Wilson Scherren (10 February 1843 -- 25 April 1911), usually known as Henry Scherren or in encyclopaedia articles as H. Sc.	Henry Scherren	25 April 1911
date of death	Janet Elliott Wulsin (1894--1963) was an early 20th-century explorer, whose accomplishments place her in line with contemporary women explorers such as Alexandra David-Neel.	Janet Elliott Wulsin	1963
date of death	Chen Yi-sein (Burmese: ရည်စိန်; Chinese: 陳孺性; Jyutping: can4 jyu4 sing3; 8 January 1924 - 23 March 2005) was a Sino-Burmese scholar who specialized in Burma--	Chen Yi-sein	23 March 2005
date of death	Joey Hawthorne (Died 1980) lived in the Las Vegas Valley and was a professional poker player and writer who contributed the section on lowball poker to Doyle Brunson's Super/System.	Joey Hawthorne	1980
date of death	John Quincy Adams Nadenbousch (31 October 1824 -- 13 September 1892) was a successful businessman, soldier and local politician.	John Quincy Adams Nadenbousch	13 September 1892
date of death	Liam Weldon (15 October 1933 - 28 November 1995) was a singer and songwriter in the Irish folk tradition.	Liam Weldon	28 November 1995
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel William Roy Hodgson CMG OBE (22 May 1892 -- 24 January 1958) was an Australian soldier, public servant and diplomat.	William Roy Hodgson	24 January 1958
date of death	Sado Khan died in 1626 leaving five sons, from whom have descended several well-known clans of the Durrani tribe.	Sado Khan	1626
date of death	Abu'l-Husain Abd-Allah ibn Ahmad Utbi, better known as Abu'l-Husain Utbi (died November 982), was an Iranian statesman from the Utbi family, who served as the vizier of the Samanid ruler Nuh II from 977 to 982.	Abu'l-Husain Utbi	November 982
date of death	Rabbi Samuel Buchler (March 21, 1882 -- April 1971), was the President of the Federation of Hungarian Jews in America, in 1909 in New York.	Samuel Buchler	1971
date of death	Sir Robert Gore-Booth, 4th Baronet (25 August 1805 -- 21 December 1876) was an Anglo-Irish politician and landowner, who built Lissadell House, located in County Sligo.	Sir Robert Gore-Booth, 4th Baronet	21 December 1876
date of death	Philip O'Sullivan Beare (Irish: Pilib Ó Súilleabháin Béirre, c. 1590; died in Spain, 1660) was an Irish soldier who became more famous as a writer.	Philip O'Sullivan Beare	1660
date of death	David Heinz Gumbel (1906--1992) was an Israeli designer and silversmith, born in Germany.	David Heinz Gumbel	1992
date of death	Major-General John Soame Richardson (16 March 1836 -- 9 June 1896), C.B., was a British army officer and Commander of the Forces in colonial New South Wales.	John Soame Richardson	9 June 1896
date of death	Felix Ehrenhaft (24 April 1879 -- 4 March 1952) was an Austrian physicist who contributed to atomic physics, to the measurement of electrical charges and to the optical properties of metal colloids.	Felix Ehrenhaft	4 March 1952
date of death	Kola Beldy (Russian: Кола́ Бельды́) (2 May 1929 -- 21 December 1993) was a Soviet pop singer of Nanai ethnicity.	Kola Beldy	21 December 1993
date of death	Alexander MacDonnell, 3rd Earl of Antrim (1615 -- 10 December 1699) was a Roman Catholic peer and military commander in Ireland.	Alexander MacDonnell, 3rd Earl of Antrim	10 December 1699
date of death	The Master of the Saint Bartholomew Altarpiece (sometimes called the Master of the Saint Bartholomew Altar,) was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Germany between 1475/1480 and 1510.	Master of the Saint Bartholomew Altarpiece	1510
date of death	William Theilheimer (1914 -- 14 July 2005), who was born in Augsburg, Germany, played a significant role in the history of what is now known as chemoinformatics.	William Theilheimer	14 July 2005
date of death	Eugene C. Keyes (August 23, 1900 - 1963) was a Lieutenant Governor in the US state of Michigan from 1943--45 and again from 1947-49.	Eugene C. Keyes	1963
date of death	Bernard Verdcourt (20 January 1925 -- 25 October 2011) was a biologist and taxonomist, most widely known as a botanist and latterly an Honorary Research Fellow at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew in London.	Bernard Verdcourt	25 October 2011
date of death	William Karush (1 March 1917 -- 22 February 1997) was a professor of California State University at Northridge and was a mathematician best known for his contribution to Karush--	William Karush	22 February 1997
date of death	Elfrida De Renne Barrow (1884--1970) was an author and poet who has been honored as a Georgia Woman of Achievement.	Elfrida De Renne Barrow	1970
date of death	Charles Marsham, 1st Earl of Romney (28 September 1744 -- 1 March 1811), known as The Lord Romney between 1793 and 1801, was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1768 to 1790, inherited his peerage in 1793 and was created Earl of Romney in 1801.	Charles Marsham, 1st Earl of Romney	1 March 1811
date of death	John Ashwell (died 1541), was the prior of Newnham Abbey, in Bedfordshire.	John Ashwell	1541
date of death	Henry William Henfrey (1852--1881) was an English numismatist.	Henry William Henfrey	1881
date of death	John Majhor (28 November 1953 -- 23 January 2007) was a radio and television host, most noted for his work in Toronto, Canada.	John Majhor	23 January 2007
date of death	Joan Ambrosio Dalza (fl. 1508) was an Italian lutenist and composer.	Joan Ambrosio Dalza	1508
date of death	Else Meidner (born Else Meyer; 2 September 1901 -- 7 May 1987) was a German-Jewish painter.	Else Meidner	7 May 1987
date of death	Ludwig Franz Alexander Winther (9 March 1812 -- 26 April 1871) was a German pathologist and ophthalmologist who was a native of Offenbach am Main.	Ludwig Franz Alexander Winther	26 April 1871
date of death	Commander Sir Arthur Trevor Dawson, 1st Baronet (1 May 1866 -- 19 May 1931) was an English businessman who served as managing director of the armaments giant Vickers from 1906 to 1931.	Trevor Dawson	19 May 1931
date of death	Thomas Bartholomew Curran (1870 -- 1929) was an Irish barrister and an Anti-Parnellite/Irish National Federation politician who served in the United Kingdom House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituencies of Kilkenny City (1892--1895) and North Donegal (1895--1900).	Thomas Bartholomew Curran	1929
date of death	Mandel Szkolnikoff (1895-1945) better known as Michel Szkolnikoff, was a Russian businessman.	Mandel Szkolnikoff	1945
date of death	Tsuji Gettan Sukemochi (辻月丹資茂) (sometimes read as Shukeshige) (1648-1728) was a Japanese swordsman who founded the kenjutsu of Mugai-ryū in 1695.	Tsuji Gettan Sukemochi	1728
date of death	Ľudmila Pajdušáková (29 June 1916 -- 6 October 1979) was a Slovak astronomer.	Ľudmila Pajdušáková	6 October 1979
date of death	Joan Ramis (27 April 1746 -- 12 February 1819) was a historian from Minorca, lawyer and writer.	Joan Ramis	12 February 1819
date of death	Lieutenant Henry Boswell Bennett (1809 -- 1838) of the 45th Regiment of Foot (Sherwood Foresters) became on 31 May 1838 the first officer to die in the service of Queen Victoria when he was shot by John Nichols Thom in Bossenden Wood in Kent.	Henry Boswell Bennett	1838
date of death	Thomas Emerson Forster (20 October 1802 -- 7 March 1875) was an eminent English mining engineer.	Thomas Emerson Forster	7 March 1875
date of death	Willi Bars (13 February 1916 - January 2000) is a former German footballer.	Willi Bars	January 2000
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Frederic Tweed MC (1890--30 April 1940) was a British soldier and novelist.	Thomas Frederic Tweed	1940
date of death	Sheffield Airey Neave CMG OBE (20 April 1879 - 31 December 1961) was a British naturalist and entomologist.	Sheffield Airey Neave	31 December 1961
date of death	Shujauddin Butt (10 April 1930 -- 7 February 2006) was a Pakistani army officer and cricketer who played in 19 Tests from 1954 to 1962.	Shujauddin Butt	7 February 2006
date of death	Bartholomew Booth (c. 1732 - 1786) was a pioneer in American education.	Bartholomew Booth	1786
date of death	Henry Farnham Perkins (1877--1956) was an American zoologist and eugenicist.	Henry Farnham Perkins	1956
date of death	Oakley C. Johnson (1890 - 1976?) was an American socialist political activist and writer.	Oakley C. Johnson	1976
date of death	David Bogue (18 February 1750 -- 25 October 1825) was a British nonconformist leader.	David Bogue	25 October 1825
date of death	Bishop Chu Chi Zui (born in 1923 in China - died 1990), he studied for the Priesthood of the Roman Catholic Church after completing university studies in law.	Chu Chi Zui	1990
date of death	Beatrice of Brandenburg (Polish: Beatrycze Brandenburska, German: Beatrix von Brandenburg; ca. 1270 -- bef. 26 April 1316), was a German princess and a member of the House of Ascania in the Brandenburg branch.	Beatrice of Brandenburg	26 April 1316
date of death	George Ponsonby PC (5 March 1755 -- 8 July 1817), was a British lawyer and Whig politician.	George Ponsonby	8 July 1817
date of death	Maria van Beckum (before 1510 -- 13 November 1544) was a Dutch noblewoman and Anabaptist executed for heresy.	Maria van Beckum	13 November 1544
date of death	Sir Patrick Reilly, GCMG (17 March 1909 -- 6 October 1999) was a British diplomat who served as ambassador to the USSR and France.	Patrick Reilly	6 October 1999
date of death	Sir Reginald James Neville Neville, 1st Baronet (22 February 1863 -- 28 April 1950), born Reginald Neville White, was a British barrister and Conservative and Unionist member of parliament.	Reginald Neville	28 April 1950
date of death	Gerallt Lloyd Owen (6 November 1944 -- 15 July 2014) was a Welsh-language poet, considered one of the best ``strict metre poets'' in Wales.	Gerallt Lloyd Owen	15 July 2014
date of death	Alexander van Bredael (1 April 1663 -- 14 July 1720) was a Flemish painter known for Italianate landscapes and genre scenes of fairs, cattle markets and villages.	Alexander van Bredael	1720
date of death	Toyan aka Ranking Toyan (born Byron Letts, died 1991) was a Jamaican reggae deejay active since the mid-1970s and best known for his early 1980s recordings.	Toyan	1991
date of death	Sheheke, Sheheke-shote, translated as White Coyote, and also known as Coyote or Big White (1766--1812), was a Mandan chief.	Sheheke	1812
date of death	Jordi Estadella (11 November 1948 -- 30 April 2010) was a Spanish voice actor, journalist, radio and television host and film dubber.	Jordi Estadella	30 April 2010
date of death	Marta Eggerth (17 April 1912 -- 26 December 2013) was a Hungarian-born American actress and singer from ``The Silver Age of Operetta''.	Marta Eggerth	26 December 2013
date of death	Sheikh Mohammad Rohani(1220-1305 AD)(Pashto:شيخ محمد روحانى) also known as Shah Mohammad Rohani and Rohani Ba Ba was a Sufi cleric born around 1220 AD.	Sheikh Mohammad Rohani	1305
date of death	Tetlepanquetzal (died 1525) was a Mexican king, He was the fourth Tepanec king of Tlacopan, and reigned after 1503 as a tributary of the Mexican emperor Moctezuma II, whom he assisted in the first defence of Mexico.	Tetlepanquetzal	1525
date of death	John Woodcock Graves (9 February 1795 -- 17 August 1886) was a composer and author of ``D'ye ken John Peel''.	John Woodcock Graves	17 August 1886
date of death	Caterina Visconti (1361 -- 17 October 1404) was a member of the Italian noble family Visconti, which ruled Milan from 1277 to 1447.	Caterina Visconti	17 October 1404
date of death	Adrian Hastings (23 June 1929 -- 30 May 2001) was a Roman Catholic priest, historian and author.	Adrian Hastings	30 May 2001
date of death	Antonio Signorini (2 April 1888 -- 23 February 1963) was an influential Italian mathematical physicist and civil engineer of the 20th century.	Antonio Signorini	23 February 1963
date of death	Luís Gonçalves das Chagas, Baron of Candiota (c.1815-1894) was a Brazilian landowner, military leader and noble.	Luís Gonçalves das Chagas, Baron of Candiota	1894
date of death	Thora Maria Fredrika Hildegard Björck (1 May 1847 -- 7 April 1920) was the first Swedish woman to complete an academic degree.	Hildegard Björck	7 April 1920
date of death	Lalla (c. 720--790 CE) was an Indian mathematician, astronomer, and astrologer who belonged to a family of astronomers.	Lalla	790
date of death	Arthur Dolphin (24 December 1885 -- 23 October 1942) was an English first-class cricketer, who kept wicket for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1905 and 1927.	Arthur Dolphin	23 October 1942
date of death	Frederick Flowers (1810--1886) was a police magistrate.	Frederick Flowers	1886
date of death	Richard Tracy (died 1569) was an English lay Protestant reformer.	Richard Tracy	1569
date of death	Coloman of Galicia-Lodomeria (Hungarian: Kálmán, Ukrainian: Коломан) (1208 -- 1241) was a member of the Árpád dynasty.	Coloman of Galicia-Lodomeria	1241
date of death	Thomas Crouch (1607 -- August 1679) was an English academic and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679.	Thomas Crouch	1679
date of death	Sir (Laurence) Dudley Stamp, CBE, DSc, D. Litt, LLD, Ekon D, DSc Nat (9 March 1898 -- 8 August 1966), was professor of geography at Rangoon and London, and one of the internationally best known British geographers of the 20th century.	Dudley Stamp	8 August 1966
date of death	Colcu mac Connacan (died 884) was an Irish historian and Abbot of Ceann Eitigh (Kinnitty), The Annals of the Four Masters, sub anno 884, contains Colcu's obituary:	Colcu mac Connacan	884
date of death	Herbert Lütkebohmert (24 March 1948 -- 29 October 1993) was a German footballer who played for TSV Marl-Hüls, Schalke 04 and 1.	Herbert Lütkebohmert	29 October 1993
date of death	William B. Mahoney (1912--2004) was a prize-winning U.S. journalist and writer who had a successful late-in-life second career as a substance-abuse counselor.	William B. Mahoney	2004
date of death	Richard MacGillivray Dawkins FBA (24 October 1871 -- 4 May 1955) was a British archaeologist.	Richard MacGillivray Dawkins	4 May 1955
date of death	Blessed Jeong Yak-jong (1760 -- 8 April 1801), also known as Augustine Chong, was a Korean Roman Catholic martyr who contributed greatly to the spread of Roman Catholicism in Korea.	Jeong Yak-jong	8 April 1801
date of death	Yi Eon-jeok (1491--1553), sometimes known by his pen name Hoejae, was a public official and intellectual of the middle Joseon Dynasty of Korea.	Yi Eon-jeok	1553
date of death	Helena M. Weiss (1909--2004) was an American museum administrator and registrar.	Helena M. Weiss	2004
date of death	Dolly Nampijinpa Daniels (1936 - 2004) was an Australian Aboriginal ritual leader, Warlipiri speaker, renowned artist, and land -rights advocate for the Warlipiri people of the Northern Territory.	Dolly Nampijinpa Daniels	2004
date of death	Walter F. Clayton (1865 in Boston, Massachusetts - 9 May 1942 in Greenport, Long Island, New York) was an American architect, builder, and politician from New York.	Walter F. Clayton	9 May 1942
date of death	Alberto Cassano (23 January 1935 -- 12 July 2014) was an Argentine engineer and academic.	Alberto Cassano	12 July 2014
date of death	Antonio Francisco Xavier Alvares (Alvares Mar Julius, Julius Mar Alvarez) (29 April 1836 -- 23 September 1923) was initially a priest in the Roman Catholic Church in Goa.	Antonio Francisco Xavier Alvares	23 September 1923
date of death	James P. Wilmot (1911--1980) was a pioneer aviation executive, landowner, philanthropist and horse breeder who served as Finance Chairman of the Democratic National Committee.	James P. Wilmot	1980
date of death	Arisztid Dessewffy (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɒristid deʒøːfi); 2 July 1802 in Csákány/Čakanovce -- 6 October 1849 in Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army.	Arisztid Dessewffy	1849
date of death	Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein, born Franz de Paula Maria Karl August (28 August 1853 -- 25 July 1938), was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1929 and 1938.	Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein	25 July 1938
date of death	Frederick Weekes (1833-1920) was an English painter and designer.	Frederick Weekes	1920
date of death	Cao Keming (November 1934 -- 2 September 2014), also known as ``Clear Sky Cao'' (曹青天) and ``Contemporary Bao Zheng'' (当代包拯), was a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Cao Keming	2 September 2014
date of death	Walter Bettridge (October 1886 -- 23 December 1931) was an English footballer who made over 200 appearances for Chelsea.	Walter Bettridge	23 December 1931
date of death	Christian Ulrich (27 April 1836 - 22 January 1909), was an Austrian-Hungarian architect.	Christian Ulrich	22 January 1909
date of death	John Murray, 4th Duke of Atholl KT, PC, FRS (30 June 1755 -- 29 September 1830), styled Marquess of Tullibardine from 1764 to 1774, was a Scottish peer.	John Murray, 4th Duke of Atholl	29 September 1830
date of death	Calbhach Ó Domhnaill, anglicized Calvagh O'Donnell (died 1566), eldest son of Manus O'Donnell, was an Irish King of Tyrconnell of the mid-16th century.	Calvagh O'Donnell	1566
date of death	Jin Gyeong-suk (June 24, 1980 -- 2005), also known as Jin Kyung-sook, was a North Korean woman who, after successfully defecting to South Korea in 2002, was abducted in China two years later and forcefully deported back to North Korea, where she was tortured to death.	Jin Gyeong-suk	2005
date of death	William Joscelyn Arkell MA, D Phil, D Sc, FGS, FRS (9 June 1904 -- 18 April 1958) was a British geologist and palaeontologist, regarded as the leading authority on the Jurassic Period during the middle part of the 20th century.	William Joscelyn Arkell	18 April 1958
date of death	Marit Trætteberg, née Krogstad (28 September 1930 -- 27 October 2009) was a Norwegian chemist.	Marit Trætteberg	27 October 2009
date of death	Shirley Firth (31 December 1953 in Aklavik, Northwest Territories -- 30 April 2013) was a Canadian cross-country skier who competed in the Winter Olympics in 1972, 1976, 1980 and 1984.	Shirley Firth	30 April 2013
date of death	William Corlett (8 October 1938 -- 16 August 2005), was an English author, best known for his quartet of children's novels, The Magician's House, published between 1990 and 1992.	William Corlett	16 August 2005
date of death	Alvin Wood (1831--1891) was an early settler in the area that is now the north central part of Jefferson County, Kentucky.	Alvin Wood	1891
date of death	Alfred Donald Trounson OAM (30 September 1905 -- 29 January 2009) was a British diplomat and amateur photographer who settled in Australia in his retirement to become a bird photographer and the founder of the National Photographic Index of Australian Wildlife.	Donald Trounson	29 January 2009
date of death	György Sztantics (Serbo-Croatian: Đuro Stantić) (Szabadka, 19 August 1878 -- Szabadka, 10 July 1918) was a Hungarian athlete (ethnic Bunjevac from today's Serbia) who competed mainly in the 3000 metre walk.	György Sztantics	10 July 1918
date of death	John Chambre (also Chamber or Chambers) (1470--1549) was an English churchman, academic and physician.	John Chambre	1549
date of death	Eric I, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen nicknamed the winner (German: Erich I., Herzog von Braunschweig-Grubenhagen; c. 1383 -- 28 May 1427), ruled the Principality of Grubenhagen, a part of the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg.	Eric I, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen	28 May 1427
date of death	Herbert Snook (23 December 1867 -- 1947) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.	Herbert Snook	1947
date of death	Modeste Carlier (1820--1878) was a Belgian portrait and subject painter.	Modeste Carlier	1878
date of death	P.M. Sreenivasan (1919-1983), who adopted the name Silpi, was a Tamil illustrator, best known for his detailed renditions of Tamil architecture and sculpture in Ananda Vikatan magazine.	Silpi	1983
date of death	Lionel Hastie (5 June 1911 - 9 April 1981) was an Australian rules footballer, who played for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lionel Hastie	9 April 1981
date of death	Brother Leo (died c. 1270) was the favorite disciple, secretary and confessor of St Francis of Assisi.	Brother Leo	1270
date of death	Dorothy J. Killam (1900 -- 26 July 1965) was an American-born Canadian philanthropist.	Dorothy J. Killam	26 July 1965
date of death	Lena Larsson, née Rabenius (31 July 1919 -- 4 April 2000), was a Swedish interior designer, known as a pioneer for the unconventional, family-friendly environments she created, and for the 1960s modern wear-and-tear ideal.	Lena Larsson	4 April 2000
date of death	Nikos Foskolos (Greek: Νίκος Φώσκολος; 26 November 1927 -- 30 October 2013) was a Greek screenwriter and director.	Nikos Foskolos	30 October 2013
date of death	Henry Farren (1826?--1860), was an English actor known mostly in comedy.	Henry Farren	1860
date of death	Guillaume de Littera (1371--1452) was a French Roman Catholic canon and provost in Aix-en-Provence as well as vicar in a diocese encompassing several localities in Provence.	Guillaume de Littera	1452
date of death	Wenman Joseph Bassett-Lowke (27 December 1877 Northampton -- 21 October 1953) was the son of Joseph Tom Lowke, a Northampton boilermaker and his wife, Eliza, and is noted for having founded the firm of Bassett-Lowke which specialised in producing construction sets, and model railways, boats and ships.	Wenman Joseph Bassett-Lowke	21 October 1953
date of death	Adnan Kapau Gani (16 September 1905 -- 23 December 1968), often abbreviated as A. K. Gani, was an Indonesian politician.	Adnan Kapau Gani	23 December 1968
date of death	Master I. A. M. of Zwolle (known works 1470--1490, lifetime estimated as ca. 1440--1504) was an anonymous Dutch goldsmith and engraver who signed many of his works with his initials I. A. M. or I. A., and added ``Zwolle'' to some.	Master I. A. M. of Zwolle	1504
date of death	Jane Herbert Wilkinson Long (1798--1880) was a Texas pioneer.	Jane Herbert Wilkinson Long	1880
date of death	Sir Charles Flower, 1st Baronet (1763 -- 1834) was a merchant who served as Lord Mayor of London in 1808.	Sir Charles Flower, 1st Baronet	1834
date of death	Ahmad Hussein Adl (1889--1962) was the minister of agriculture for several periods in the Ahmad Qavam, Ebrahim Hakimi, and Ebrahim Hakimi governments.	Ahmad Hussein Adl	1962
date of death	Liana Alexandra (born Liana Moraru, 27 May 1947 -- 10 January 2011) was a Romanian composer, pianist and music educator.	Liana Alexandra	10 January 2011
date of death	Sir Guylford Slingsby (1565--1631) was an administrator who went on to be Comptroller of the Navy; he produced a number of distinguished sons.	Guylford Slingsby	1631
date of death	Robert Monson (by 1532 -- 23 September 1583) was an English politician and judge.	Robert Monson	1583
date of death	Clark Tibbitts (1903-1985) was a gerontologist who helped bring attention to the topic of aging and establish programs for aging populations in the United States.	Clark Tibbitts	1985
date of death	Charles Gordon, 11th Marquess of Huntly PC, DL, JP (5 March 1847 -- 20 February 1937), styled Lord Strathavon until 1853 and Earl of Aboyne between 1853 and 1863, was a Scottish Liberal politician.	Charles Gordon, 11th Marquess of Huntly	20 February 1937
date of death	Mariano Necochea (born in Buenos Aires, 7 September 1790; died in Miraflores, near Lima, in 1849) was an Argentine-Peruvian soldier.	Mariano Necochea	1849
date of death	Christopher Erle (c. 1590 -- 1634) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629.	Christopher Erle	1634
date of death	Julia Margaret Guerin Halloran Lavender (23 April 1858 in Williamstown, Victoria -- 26 July 1923 in Adelaide, South Australia), known popularly as Bella Guerin, was an Australian feminist, women's activist women's suffragist, anti-conscriptionist, political activist and schoolteacher.	Bella Guerin	26 July 1923
date of death	Mary Honywood or Mary Waters (1527 -- 1620) was a British co-heiress who visited the Marian martyrs.	Mary Honywood	1620
date of death	Annette Frances Braun (1884--1978) was an American entomologist and leading authority on microlepidoptera, the order that includes the smaller butterflies and moths.	Annette Frances Braun	1978
date of death	Sir Robert Laurie Morant (7 April 1863 -- 13 March 1920) was an English administrator and educationalist	Robert Laurie Morant	13 March 1920
date of death	J. T. Adams (July 17, 1926 -- September 1993) was an American gospel singer, musician, record label founder and dramatist, the creator of Worthy Is the Lamb.	J. T. Adams	September 1993
date of death	René Highway (1954--1990) was an Aboriginal dancer and actor of Cree descent from Brochet, Manitoba.	René Highway	1990
date of death	Yehuda Cohen (Hebrew: יהודה כהן‎; ‎23 January 1914 -- 8 August 2009) was an Israeli judge.	Yehuda Cohen	8 August 2009
date of death	Sofoklis Dousmanis (Greek: Σοφοκλής Δούσμανης, 25 December 1868 -- 6 January 1952) was a Greek naval officer.	Sofoklis Dousmanis	1952
date of death	Percy Cudlipp (10 November 1905 -- 5 November 1962), was a prominent Welsh journalist.	Percy Cudlipp	5 November 1962
date of death	General of the Army Raden Soedirman (Perfected Spelling: Sudirman; 24 January 1916 -- 29 January 1950) was a high-ranking Indonesian military officer during the Indonesian National Revolution.	Sudirman	29 January 1950
date of death	Claude Friese-Greene (3 May 1898 in Fulham, London -- 1943 in Islington, London) was a British-born cinema technician, filmmaker, and cinematographer, most famous for his 1926 collection of films entitled The Open Road.	Claude Friese-Greene	1943
date of death	Sir William Maurice (April 1552 -- August 1622) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1611.	William Maurice	1622
date of death	Edwin Eden (21 April 1893 -- 25 October 1939) was an English cricketer who played two first-class matches in the early 1920s, one for Gloucestershire in 1921, and the second nearly two years later for Worcestershire (which county he had played against for Gloucestershire).	Edwin Eden	25 October 1939
date of death	Peter de Alcobasse (died 1427) was a Canon of Windsor from 1422 to 1427 and Physician.	Peter de Alcobasse	1427
date of death	William Cropper (27 December 1862 -- 13 January 1889) was an English cricketer and football player who played cricket for Derbyshire CCC between 1882 and 1888 and football once for Derby County.	William Cropper	13 January 1889
date of death	Henry de Vere Vane, 9th Baron Barnard FSA, JP, Hon. DCL (10 May 1854 -- 28 December 1918) was a British peer and Senior Freemason.	Henry de Vere Vane, 9th Baron Barnard	28 December 1918
date of death	Séamus P. Ó Mórdha (8 October 1915 -- 12 February 2005) was an Irish teacher and historian.	Séamus P. Ó Mórdha	12 February 2005
date of death	António das Chagas, O.F.M. (Anthony of the Holy Wounds), (25 June 1631 -- 20 October 1682) was a Portuguese Franciscan friar and ascetical writer.	António das Chagas	20 October 1682
date of death	David Robilliard (1952--1988) was a British poet and contemporary artist.	David Robilliard	1988
date of death	Robert de la Piere (died 1258) was a trouvère of the so-called ``school'' of Arras.	Robert de la Piere	1258
date of death	Rembert Dodoens (29 June 1517 -- 10 March 1585) was a Flemish physician and botanist, also known under his Latinized name Rembertus Dodonaeus.	Rembert Dodoens	10 March 1585
date of death	Teofil Fabiny (11 October 1822 - 4 March 1908) was a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as Minister of Justice between 1886 and 1889.	Teofil Fabiny	4 March 1908
date of death	Giovanni Pietro Berti (c. 1590--1638) was an Italian composer and organist of Saint Mark's, Venice.	Giovanni Pietro Berti	1638
date of death	Robert Treat Paine, Jr. (October 28, 1835-August 11, 1910) was a Boston lawyer, philanthropist and social reformer and great grandson of the signer of the Declaration of Independence.	Robert Treat Paine, Jr.	1910
date of death	Swami Madhavananda left his mortal body on Wednesday, 6 October 1965 at the age of 76 years 10 months.	Swami Madhavananda	6 October 1965
date of death	Peter Copley (20 May 1915 -- 7 October 2008) was an English television, film and stage actor.	Peter Copley	7 October 2008
date of death	Charles Pickering Bowditch (30 September 1842 -- 1 June 1921) was an American financier, archaeologist, cryptographer and linguistics scholar who specialized in Mayan epigraphy.	Charles Pickering Bowditch	1 June 1921
date of death	Magnolia Thunderpussy (30 October 1939 -- 15 May 1996), born Patricia Donna Mallon was a San Francisco burlesque performer, radio personality, filmmaker and restaurateur.	Magnolia Thunderpussy	15 May 1996
date of death	André Tiraqueau (Latin: Andreas Tiraquellus) (1488--1558) was a French jurist and politician.	André Tiraqueau	1558
date of death	Arnaud de Borchgrave (26 October 1926 -- 15 February 2015) was an American journalist who specialized in international politics.	Arnaud de Borchgrave	15 February 2015
date of death	Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner (13 December 1780 -- 24 March 1849) was a German chemist who is best known for work that foreshadowed the periodic law for the chemical elements.	Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner	24 March 1849
date of death	Geoffrey Crawley (10 December 1926 -- 29 October 2010) was a photographic expert and journalist, and was the editor in chief of British Journal of Photography for two decades.	Geoffrey Crawley	29 October 2010
date of death	Samuel Selwyn Chamberlain (1851--1916), American journalist and newspaper editor.	Samuel Selwyn Chamberlain	1916
date of death	Neil Leslie Webster (7 November 1906 -- 1990) was an army Major who worked in intelligence in World War II. He was a key figure in radio intelligence and cryptography who worked in the Fusion Room at Bletchley Park and was closely involved in the hunt for ``cribs'' for the Enigma machine.	Neil Leslie Webster	1990
date of death	Vic Maile (1943 -- 1989) was a British record producer.	Vic Maile	1989
date of death	Miss Enid Lapthorn (23 July 1889 -- 18 November 1967), was a British Liberal Party and later Liberal National politician.	Enid Lapthorn	18 November 1967
date of death	José Antonio Roméu (1742? -- 1792) was sixth Spanish governor of Alta California, from 1791 to 1792.	José Antonio Roméu	1792
date of death	Albertus Parisiensis (fl. 1146 -- 1177), also known as Albert of Paris, was a French cantor and composer.	Albertus Parisiensis	1177
date of death	Sharda Bhargava (1912--1999) was a leader of Indian National Congress and a member of Rajya Sabha from Rajasthan.	Sharda Bhargava	1999
date of death	Andreas Matzbacher (7 January 1982 -- 24 December 2007) was an Austrian professional road bicycle racer.	Andreas Matzbacher	24 December 2007
date of death	Ticasuk Brown (1904--1982) was an Iñupiaq educator, poet and writer.	Ticasuk Brown	1982
date of death	Ronald Campbell Gunn, FRS, (4 April 1808 -- 13 March 1881) was a South African-born Australian botanist and politician.	Ronald Campbell Gunn	13 March 1881
date of death	Arthur Reed Ropes (23 December 1859 -- 11 September 1933), better known under the pseudonym Adrian Ross, was a prolific writer of lyrics, contributing songs to more than sixty British musical comedies in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Adrian Ross	11 September 1933
date of death	William Henry Bell, known largely by his initials, W H Bell (20 August 1873 -- 13 April 1946), was an English composer, conductor and lecturer.	William Henry Bell	13 April 1946
date of death	Samuel Holberry (18 November 1814 -- 21 June 1842) was a prominent Chartist activist.	Samuel Holberry	21 June 1842
date of death	David Scott Daniell (1 July 1906 -- 29 August 1965), was an English author, historian and journalist.	David Scott Daniell	29 August 1965
date of death	The Most Reverend George Thomas Plunkett (?--8 May 1827) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1814 to 1827.	George Thomas Plunkett	1827
date of death	Frank Chacksfield (9 May 1914 -- 9 June 1995) was an English pianist, organist, composer and conductor of popular light orchestral easy listening music, who had great success in Britain and internationally in the 1950s and early 1960s.	Frank Chacksfield	9 June 1995
date of death	Hugh van Cutsem (21 July 1941 -- 2 September 2013) was an English landowner, banker, businessman, and horse-breeder.	Hugh van Cutsem	2 September 2013
date of death	Major George Henry Benton Fletcher (22 October 1866 -- 31 December 1944) was a collector of early keyboard instruments including virginals, clavichords, harpsichords, spinets and early pianos.	Benton Fletcher	1944
date of death	Stuart Olof Agrell (5 March 1913 -- 29 January 1996) was an outstanding optical mineralogist and pioneer collaborator applying the electron microprobe to petrology.	Stuart Olof Agrell	29 January 1996
date of death	Sir Anthony Bateman (died 1687) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1663.	Anthony Bateman	1687
date of death	Kate McNiven (died 1715), also called Kate Nevin was a young nurse who served the House of Inchbrakie in the Parish of Monzie, near Crieff in Scotland in the early 1700s.	Kate McNiven	1715
date of death	Olof Strömstierna (1664--1730) was a Swedish naval officer and admiral.	Olof Strömstierna	1730
date of death	Eugeniu Voinescu (commonly Eugen; 26 May 1842, Iași - 6 May 1909, Bucharest) was a Romanian diplomat and painter, who specialized in maritime scenes.	Eugeniu Voinescu	6 May 1909
date of death	Norman James Brian Plomley, also known as Brian Plomley, (born 6 November 1912 -- 8 April 1994) regarded by some as one of the most respected and scholarly of Australian historians and, until his death, in Launceston, the doyen of Tasmanian Aboriginal scholarship.	Brian Plomley	8 April 1994
date of death	Pedro Campaña (1503--1586) was a Flemish painter of the Renaissance period, mainly active in Italy and Spain.	Pedro Campaña	1586
date of death	William Atwood (c.1650-1712) was an English lawyer, known also as a political and historical writer.	William Atwood	1712
date of death	Chen Shuozhen (Chinese: 陳碩真; pinyin: Chén Shuòzhēn; died 653) was a Tang dynasty woman from Muzhou (in modern Chun'an, Zhejiang), who led a peasant uprising in 653.	Chen Shuozhen	653
date of death	Austin Andrew Wright (4 June 1911, Chester -- 22 February 1997, Upper Poppleton, York) was a British sculptor and teacher.	Austin Andrew Wright	1997
date of death	Matthew Raper (1705--1778) was a British astronomer, mathematician, and scholar in various fields.	Matthew Raper	1778
date of death	Marián Filc (16 September 1948 -- 9 February 1993) was a Slovak figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Marián Filc	9 February 1993
date of death	Leon Yehuda Recanati (1890-1945) was a Greek-born businessman and Jewish community leader who became a prominent banker and philanthropist in Palestine.	Leon Yehuda Recanati	1945
date of death	Rechung Dorje Drakpa (Wylie: ras chung rdo rje grags pa, 1083/4-1161), known as Rechungpa, was one of the two most important students of the 11th century yogi and poet Milarepa and founder of the now-defunct Rechung lineage of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.	Rechung Dorje Drakpa	1161
date of death	Carl William Hansen (11 October 1872 -- 3 August 1936) was a Danish author, Luciferian, Wandering Bishop and Occultist.	Carl William Hansen	3 August 1936
date of death	Francis John Marnham (1853-1941) was a British Liberal politician and businessman.	Francis John Marnham	1941
date of death	(Robert John) Douglas Gageby (29 September 1918 -- 24 June 2004) was the pre-eminent Irish newspaper editor of his generation.	Douglas Gageby	24 June 2004
date of death	Lord Charles Spencer-Churchill (3 December 1794 -- 28 April 1840) was a British nobleman, the second son of George Spencer-Churchill, 5th Duke of Marlborough.	Lord Charles Spencer-Churchill	28 April 1840
date of death	Violet Brunton (1878 -- 1951) was an English artist educated at the Liverpool School of Art, where she studied woodcarving, miniature painting and book illustration.	Violet Brunton	1951
date of death	Dame Jane Frances Dove, DBE, JP (27 June 1847 -- 21 June 1942) was an English women's campaigner, who founded Wycombe Abbey and other girls' schools.	Frances Dove	21 June 1942
date of death	James Barry Hutchinson (27 January 1936 -- 12 June 2005), known as Barry Hutchinson, was an English professional footballer who scored 116 goals from 367 appearances in the Football League playing for Chesterfield, Derby County, Lincoln City, Darlington, Halifax Town and Rochdale.	Barry Hutchinson	12 June 2005
date of death	Pier Maria III de' Rossi (1504 -- 15 August 1547) was an Italian general and nobleman, the second marquess and seventh count of San Secondo.	Pier Maria III de' Rossi	15 August 1547
date of death	Edmund Distin Maddick (1857--1939) was an English surgeon and pioneer of cinema.	Edmund Distin Maddick	1939
date of death	Francis Garden, Lord Gardenstone (24 June 1721 -- 22 July 1793) was a Scottish lawyer and judge.	Francis Garden, Lord Gardenstone	1793
date of death	Jones Orin York (August 5, 1893 -- July 1970) was recruited in California by Soviet spy Stanislau Shumovskij approximately in 1935.	Jones Orin York	1970
date of death	Isaac Bloch (1848--1925) served as Chief Rabbi in Nancy, France.	Isaac Bloch	1925
date of death	Siegfred Karl Kast (c. 1916 -- 1 December 1955) was a German immigrant to Australia who shot dead two doctors and unsuccessfully attempted to detonate a bomb in Wickham Terrace, Brisbane, before committing suicide.	Karl Kast	1 December 1955
date of death	Yehuda Arazi (Hebrew: יהודה ארזי‎; 1907--1959), code name Alon, was an Israeli who was active in the Haganah in Palestine during the British Mandate era.	Yehuda Arazi	1959
date of death	Ryu Jagwang(korean:류자광, hanja:柳子光, 1439 -- June 1512) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politician, soldier and writer.	Ryu Jagwang	June 1512
date of death	Murshid Quli Khan, also known as Mohammad Hadi was the first Nawab of Bengal, serving in the post from 1717 to 30 June 1727.	Murshid Quli Khan	30 June 1727
date of death	Enrico Silvestri (b. May 12, 1896 -- d. 1977) was an Italian Alpini officer and skier.	Enrico Silvestri	1977
date of death	Columba McVeigh (1958 - 1 November 1975) was a man from Northern Ireland who was abducted and killed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).	Columba McVeigh	1975
date of death	Cemile Sultan (18 August 1843 -- 7 February 1915) was an Ottoman princess, daughter of Sultan Abdülmecid I and his wife Düzdidil Hanımefendi, the daughter of Şıhım Bey Dişan.	Cemile Sultan	7 February 1915
date of death	Dawlat Berdi (died 1432), also known as Devlet Berdi, was a Khan of the Golden Horde who reigned from 1419 to 1421, and again from 1428 to his death in 1432.	Dawlat Berdi	1432
date of death	Nicolai Schejtli (24 June 1753 -- 4 April 1824) was a Norwegian mining official and politician.	Nicolai Schejtli	1824
date of death	Martin Farquhar Tupper (17 July 1810, London -- November 1889, Albury, Surrey) was an English writer, and poet, and the author of Proverbial Philosophy.	Martin Farquhar Tupper	November 1889
date of death	William Henry Crump (17 April 1865 -- 14 January 1942), better known by the stage name Harry Champion, was an English music hall composer, singer and Cockney comedian, whose onstage persona appealed chiefly to the working class communities of East London.	Harry Champion	14 January 1942
date of death	Henry Clifton Sorby (10 May 1826 - 9 March 1908), was an English microscopist and geologist.	Henry Clifton Sorby	9 March 1908
date of death	Guy Fawkes (/ˈɡaɪ ˈfɔːks/; 13 April 1570 -- 31 January 1606), also known as Guido Fawkes, the name he adopted while fighting for the Spanish, was a member of a group of provincial English Catholics who planned the failed Gunpowder Plot of 1605.	Guy Fawkes	31 January 1606
date of death	Sir William James Fitzgerald (May 1894 -- July 1989) was an Irish jurist who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Palestine during the time of the British Mandate.	William James Fitzgerald	July 1989
date of death	Angus Daniel Campbell (March 19, 1884 -- March 5, 1976) was the founder of the Northern Ontario Hockey Association (NOHA), an executive member of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA) and a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.	Angus Daniel Campbell	1976
date of death	William Honnyng (1520--1569) was an English Member of Parliament and Tudor Court official who served as Clerk of the Signet and Clerk of the Privy Council under Henry VIII and Edward VI.	William Honnyng	1569
date of death	Trịnh Tạc (Hán: 鄭柞; 1606 - 1682) ruled Vietnam from 1654--1682 Trịnh Tạc was one of the most successful of the Trịnh lords who ruled northern Vietnam.	Trịnh Tạc	1682
date of death	Alpheus Sherwin Cody (November 30, 1868 -- April 4, 1959) was an American writer and entrepreneur who developed a long-running home-study course in speaking and writing and a signature series of advertisements asking ``Do You Make These Mistakes in English?''	Sherwin Cody	1959
date of death	William M. Kramer (1920-2004) was an American rabbi, university professor and art collector.	William M. Kramer	2004
date of death	Thomas Francis McNamara, RIAI, RIBA, (1867--1947) was an Irish Roman Catholic ecclesiastical architect active throughout the late-nineteenth- to the mid-twentieth-century Ireland who designed many hospitals and Roman Catholic churches.	Thomas Francis McNamara	1947
date of death	Jérémie Jacques Oberlin (8 August 1735 -- 10 October 1806) was an Alsatian philologist and archaeologist.	Jérémie Jacques Oberlin	10 October 1806
date of death	Giles of Santarém (Gil) (about 1185 -- 14 May 1265) was a Portuguese Dominican scholar.	Giles of Santarém	1265
date of death	Hugh Price Hughes (9 February 1847 -- 17 November 1902) was a Welsh Christian clergyman and religious reformer in the Methodist tradition.	Hugh Price Hughes	17 November 1902
date of death	John Churchill Dunn (4 March 1934 -- 27 November 2004), professionally known simply as ``John Dunn'', was a disc jockey and radio presenter who worked for many years on BBC Radio.	John Churchill Dunn	27 November 2004
date of death	George H. Richmond (1944--2004) was an American educator who introduced the concept of the MicroSociety to American primary education.	George H. Richmond	2004
date of death	Daniel Lovell (died 1818) was an English journalist, involved in high-profile court cases concerned with press freedom.	Daniel Lovell	1818
date of death	Johannes Thesselius (Erfurt ca. 1590 -- Szeben, 1643) was a German-Transylvanian composer of church and dance music.	Johannes Thesselius	1643
date of death	Kennedy Thomson (4 April 1936 -- May 1996) was a continuity announcer and presenter for Grampian Television.	Kennedy Thomson	May 1996
date of death	Arthur Malcolm Trustram Eve, 1st Baron Silsoe GBE, MC, TD, KC (8 April 1894 -- 3 December 1976), known as Sir Malcolm Trustram Eve, 1st Baronet, from 1943 to 1963, was a British barrister and First Church Estates Commissioner.	Malcolm Trustram Eve, 1st Baron Silsoe	3 December 1976
date of death	Leicester Silk Buckingham (1825--1867) was an English dramatist, who achieved considerable popularity as a playwright, several of his free adaptations of French comedies being produced in London between 1860 and 1867.	Leicester Silk Buckingham	1867
date of death	Hassan I of Morocco (Arabic: الحسن الأول‎) (1836 -- 7 June 1894) was Sultan of Morocco from 1873 to 1894.	Hassan I of Morocco	7 June 1894
date of death	Hema Upadhyay and her lawyer Haresh Bhambani were killed on Friday, 11 December 2015, reportedly over a financial dispute.	Hema Upadhyay	11 December 2015
date of death	Charles Webster Leadbeater (/ˈlɛdˌbɛtər/; 16 February 1854 -- 1 March 1934) was an influential member of the Theosophical Society, author on occult subjects and co-initiator with J. I. Wedgwood of the Liberal Catholic Church.	Charles Webster Leadbeater	1 March 1934
date of death	Shamsiah Fakeh (1924 -- 20 October 2008) was a Malaysian nationalist and feminist.	Shamsiah Fakeh	20 October 2008
date of death	Linghu Yu (died 249) was an official of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.	Linghu Yu	249
date of death	Mary Wright Sewell (/ˈsuːəl/; 6 April 1797 -- 10 June 1884) was an English poet and children's author.	Mary Wright Sewell	10 June 1884
date of death	Alexander Hardinge Patrick Hore-Ruthven (30 August 1913 -- 24 December 1942) was a British soldier and poet.	Patrick Hore-Ruthven	24 December 1942
date of death	Caroline Pratt (23 June 1962 -- 4 September 2004) was a well-known rider in the equestrian discipline of three-day eventing.	Caroline Pratt	4 September 2004
date of death	Guido Terrena (c.1270 in Perpignan -- 1342), also known as Guido Terreni and Guy de Perpignan, was a Catalan Carmelite canon lawyer and scholastic philosopher.	Guido Terrena	1342
date of death	Jeanne Mammen (21 November 1890 -- 22 April 1976) was a German painter and illustrator of the Weimar period.	Jeanne Mammen	22 April 1976
date of death	Sir George Burrard, 3rd Baronet GCB GCMG (6 April 1769 -- 17 May 1856) was a Church of England priest.	Sir George Burrard, 3rd Baronet	17 May 1856
date of death	Thomas Erskine, 9th Earl of Kellie (about 1746 -- 6 February 1828) was a Scottish merchant, landowner and politician who for many years lived in the Swedish port city of Gothenburg.	Thomas Erskine, 9th Earl of Kellie	1828
date of death	Edward Jakobowski (17 April 1856 -- 29 April 1929) was an English composer, especially of musical theatre, best known for writing the hit comic opera Erminie.	Edward Jakobowski	29 April 1929
date of death	King Daoxiang of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙悼襄王) (died 236 BCE, reigned 244 BCE -- 236 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history.	King Daoxiang of Zhao	236 BCE
date of death	Count Lajos Széchényi de Sárvár-Felsővidék (German: Ludwig Graf Széchényi von Sárvár und Felsövidék; 28 March 1868 -- 14 April 1919) was an Austro-Hungarian diplomat of Hungarian origin serving as envoy to Bulgaria and the Netherlands during World War I.	Lajos Széchényi	14 April 1919
date of death	Major-General Frederick Joseph Loftus-Tottenham, CBE, DSO and Bar (born 1898; died 1987) was a British Indian Army officer during World War I and World War II.	Frederick Joseph Loftus-Tottenham	1987
date of death	Sir Tatton Sykes, 4th Baronet (1772--1863) was an English landowner and stock breeder, known as a patron of horse racing.	Sir Tatton Sykes, 4th Baronet	1863
date of death	The Reverend George William Lemon (1726 -- 4 October 1797) was the author of an early etymological dictionary of the English language, published in 1783.	George William Lemon	4 October 1797
date of death	John Debrett (d. 1822) was an English publisher and compiler.	John Debrett	1822
date of death	Wilbur Henry Siebert (30 August 1866 Columbus, Ohio -- 2 September 1961 Columbus) was an educator and historian from the United States.	Wilbur Henry Siebert	2 September 1961
date of death	Bahrudin Čengić (7 January 1931 -- 16 October 2007), sometimes credited as Bato Čengić, was a Bosnian screenwriter and film director who was active in Yugoslavia.	Bahrudin Čengić	16 October 2007
date of death	Ludwig Pollak (14 September 1868, Prague -- 1943, Auschwitz concentration camp) was an Austro-Czech classical archaeologist, antiquities dealer, and director of the Museo Barracco di Scultura Antica in Rome.	Ludwig Pollak	1943
date of death	Sir Ralph de Hengham (1235 -- 18 May 1311) was an English justice.	Ralph de Hengham	18 May 1311
date of death	Alfred Hoare Powell (1865--1960) was an English Arts and Crafts architect, and designer and painter of pottery.	Alfred Hoare Powell	1960
date of death	Francis Winthrop Palfrey (1831--1889) was an American historian, born in Boston, Massachusetts son of J. G. Palfrey.	Francis Winthrop Palfrey	1889
date of death	James M. Baley, Jr. (1912-2003) was a North Carolina lawyer and judge.	James M. Baley, Jr.	2003
date of death	Thumal the Qahraman (Arabic: ثمل القهرمانة‎) (died 929) was a Muslim woman appointed in 918 as a judge in a maẓālim (secular administrative) court.	Thumal the Qahraman	929
date of death	Aart den Boer (30 December 1852 in Nieuw-Lekkerland -- 11 May 1941) was a Dutch architect and contractor.	Aart den Boer	11 May 1941
date of death	Bernard Bolingbroke Woodward (1816--1869) was an English nonconformist minister, antiquarian, and Royal Librarian at Windsor Castle.	Bernard Bolingbroke Woodward	1869
date of death	Richard Herst (Hurst) (died 29 August 1628) was an English Roman Catholic recusant layman.	Richard Herst	29 August 1628
date of death	General Sir William Payne-Gallwey, 1st Baronet (1759 -- 16 April 1831) was a British soldier and Governor of the Leeward Islands.	Sir William Payne-Gallwey, 1st Baronet	16 April 1831
date of death	Sir John Spelman (1594--1643) was an English historian and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1626.	John Spelman	1643
date of death	David Gervan McMillan (26 February 1904 -- 20 February 1951), known as Gervan McMillan, was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party, and a medical practitioner.	Gervan McMillan	20 February 1951
date of death	Ralph Hammond Innes (15 July 1913 -- 10 June 1998) was a British novelist who wrote over 30 novels, as well as children's and travel books.	Hammond Innes	10 June 1998
date of death	Cecil Weld-Forester, 1st Baron Forester (baptised 7 April 1767 -- 23 May 1828) was a Tory British Member of Parliament and later peer.	Cecil Weld-Forester, 1st Baron Forester	23 May 1828
date of death	Becić became a member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts in 1934, at that time called the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Art. Vladimir Becić died in Zagreb 24 May 1954.	Vladimir Becić	24 May 1954
date of death	Alexander Macbain (or Alexander MacBain) (22 July 1855 -- 4 April 1907) was a Scottish philologist, best known today for An Etymological Dictionary of the Gaelic Language (1896).	Alexander Macbain	4 April 1907
date of death	Otto Lowenstern (7 December 1888 -- 1 December 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Otto Lowenstern	1 December 1917
date of death	Aeneas William Mackintosh (7 September 1819 -- 18 June 1900) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874.	Aeneas William Mackintosh	18 June 1900
date of death	Eraric (died 541) was briefly King of the Ostrogoths, elected as the most distinguished among the Rugians in the confederation of the Ostrogoths.	Eraric	541
date of death	Myrick Davies ( ? - 1781) was an American politician.	Myrick Davies	1781
date of death	Joan Canning, 1st Viscountess Canning (née Scott; 1776 -- 14 March 1837) was the wife of British Prime Minister George Canning.	Joan Canning, 1st Viscountess Canning	14 March 1837
date of death	George Alfred Grant, popularly known as Paa Grant (15 August 1878 -- 30 October 1956), was a merchant and politician in the Gold Coast who has been called ``the father of Gold Coast politics''.	Paa Grant	30 October 1956
date of death	Antonio Gramusset (1740--1784) was a French adventurer living in Chile, and one of the co-conspirators in the Conspiracy of the Tres Antonios.	Antonio Gramusset	1784
date of death	Albrecht von Haller (16 October 1708 -- 12 December 1777) was a Swiss anatomist, physiologist, naturalist and poet.	Albrecht von Haller	12 December 1777
date of death	Thomas Atkins Wardell (ca. 1865--1902) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure.	Thomas Atkins Wardell	1902
date of death	Albert Joseph Pénot (1862--1930) was a French painter known for female nudes.	Albert Joseph Pénot	1930
date of death	Matthew Rowan (died April, 1760) was the acting colonial governor of North Carolina in 1753 and 1754, following the death of governor Nathaniel Rice.	Matthew Rowan	April, 1760
date of death	Martin Lindauer (December 19, 1918 -- November 13, 2008) was a German behavioral scientist.	Martin Lindauer	2008
date of death	Henry Latham Currey (1863 -- 1945), also known as Harry Currey was a British politician in the Cape Colony.	Henry Latham Currey	1945
date of death	Melchor Ocampo (5 January 1814, Maravatío, Michoacán -- 3 June 1861, Tepeji del Río, Hidalgo) was a Mexican lawyer, scientist, and liberal politician.	Melchor Ocampo	3 June 1861
date of death	Bedřich Bloudek left the Austrian Army as lieutenant colonel and died on 11 August 1875 in the spa resort Toplice Topusko near Glina, Croatia.	Bedřich Bloudek	11 August 1875
date of death	Frederick Irby, 2nd Baron Boston (1749--1825) was an English aristocrat and courtier.	Frederick Irby, 2nd Baron Boston	1825
date of death	Michael Lvovitch Tsetlin (the surname is also written Cetlin, Tzetlin, Zeitlin, Zetlin; cyrillic: Михаил Львович Цетлин) (22 September 1924 -- 30 May 1966) was a Russian mathematician and physicist who worked on cybernetics.	Michael Lvovitch Tsetlin	30 May 1966
date of death	Mary E. Sawyer (1846-1902), better known as Mollie Monroe, was an American old west woman who was known for crossdressing and for her liaisons with multiple men, among other things.	Mollie Monroe	1902
date of death	Peter Hasslacher (14 August 1810 -- 5 July 1876) was a German Roman Catholic preacher.	Peter Hasslacher	5 July 1876
date of death	Boes Boestami (Perfected Spelling: Bus Bustami; 30 December 1922 -- 11 September 1970) was an Indonesian journalist and film actor.	Boes Boestami	11 September 1970
date of death	Hugh Auchincloss Steers (b. 1962 -- March 1, 1995) was a painter whose work is in the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Walker Art Center, and the Denver Art Museum.	Hugh Auchincloss Steers	1995
date of death	Frank Atha Westbury (5 May 1838 -- 24 September 1901), who wrote under the pen names of ``Atha'' and ``Atha Westbury'', was a popular and prolific author of mystery adventure novels, children's stories and poetry in late 19th century Australia and New Zealand.	Frank Atha Westbury	24 September 1901
date of death	Bernard Barton (1784--1849) was known as the Quaker poet.	Bernard Barton	1849
date of death	In AD 448, 20 years after his reign began, Chlodio was defeated at Vicus Helena in Artois by Flavius Aëtius, the commander of the Roman army in Gaul.	Chlodio	448
date of death	Carlo Bonelli dei marchesi di Cassano (1612 -- 27 August 1676) was an Italian lawyer, diplomat and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Carlo Bonelli	27 August 1676
date of death	Barney Lazarus (18 December 1879 -- 6 May 1962) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Barney Lazarus	6 May 1962
date of death	Kenneth Athol Webster (17 December 1906 -- 5 October 1967) was a collector and dealer of manuscripts, fine art and ethnographic artifacts associated with Oceanic peoples.	Kenneth Athol Webster	5 October 1967
date of death	Tom Gentleman FSIA (1892--1966) was a Scottish painter and commercial artist.	Tom Gentleman	1966
date of death	Father Francisco Ayerra de Santa María (1630--1708) is considered to be Puerto Rico's first native born poet.	Francisco Ayerra de Santa María	1708
date of death	Ścibor z Gościeńczyc (literally: Ścibor of Gościeńczyce) (d. 4 May 1471) was a Polish Roman-Catholic priest and the bishop of Płock since 1463.	Ścibor z Gościeńczyc	4 May 1471
date of death	Niels Fabian Helge von Koch (25 January 1870 -- 11 March 1924) was a Swedish mathematician who gave his name to the famous fractal known as the Koch snowflake, one of the earliest fractal curves to be described.	Helge von Koch	11 March 1924
date of death	William Justice Ford (7 November 1853 -- 3 April 1904) was an English schoolmaster, known as a cricketer and sports writer.	William Justice Ford	1904
date of death	Alexander Thomson (9 March 1873 -- 18 November 1953), known as Alec Thomson, was an Australian politician, and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1914 until 1930 representing the seat of Katanning, and a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the South Province from 1931 until 1950.	Alec Thomson	18 November 1953
date of death	A. N. Krishna Rao (Arakalagudu Narasingarao Krishna Rao; 9 May 1908 -- 8 July 1971), popularly known as Anakru, was an Indian writer.	A. N. Krishna Rao	8 July 1971
date of death	'Ghiyas-ud-Din Zain-ul-Abidin (reigned: 1418--1419 and 1420--1470 ) was the eighth sultan of Kashmir.	Zain-ul-Abidin	1470
date of death	William Mervyn Stanley Trick (31 October 1916 -- 27 October 1995), better known as Stan Trick, was a Welsh cricketer who made 19 appearances for Glamorgan between 1946 and 1950.	William Mervyn Stanley Trick	27 October 1995
date of death	Thomas Godfrey Faussett, afterwards T. G. Godfrey-Faussett (1829--1877), was an English antiquary.	Thomas Godfrey Faussett	1877
date of death	Elio Crovetto (6 December 1926 - 8 November 2000) was an Italian actor, comedian and television personality.	Elio Crovetto	8 November 2000
date of death	Admiral Sir Edward Belcher, KCB (27 February 1799 -- 18 March 1877), was a Nova Scotian, British naval officer and explorer.	Edward Belcher	18 March 1877
date of death	Iacopo Barsotti, or Jacopo Barsotti, (Torino, 28 April 1921 -- Padova, 27 October 1987) was an Italian mathematician who introduced Barsotti--	Iacopo Barsotti	27 October 1987
date of death	Edwin Hamilton Davis (22 January 1811 in Ross County, Ohio -- 15 May 1888 in New York City) was an American archaeologist and physician who completed pioneering investigations of the mound relics in the Mississippi Valley.	Edwin Hamilton Davis	15 May 1888
date of death	Professor Garth Chapman (8 October 1917--1 November 2003) was an academic and author in the field of zoology.	Garth Chapman	1 November 2003
date of death	Dave Line (1942 -- 1980) was a British beer author.	Dave Line	1980
date of death	Robert Cyril Layton Perkins FRS (15 November 1866 -- 29 September 1955) was a distinguished British entomologist, ornithologist, and naturalist noted for his work on the fauna of the islands of Hawaii and on Hymenoptera.	Robert Cyril Layton Perkins	29 September 1955
date of death	Miles Evergood (10 January 1871 -- 3 January 1939) was an Australian artist who achieved renown in Europe and the United States, as well as his native country.	Miles Evergood	3 January 1939
date of death	James Culliford (8 September 1927 -- March 2002) was a British actor on stage, film and television.	James Culliford	March 2002
date of death	William Proctor Swaby FRGS (1844--16 November 1916) was a colonial Anglican bishop from 1893 until 1916.	Proctor Swaby	16 November 1916
date of death	Nicole Grasset (July 1927 -- 29 August 2009) was a Swiss-French medical virologist and microbiologist-epidemiologist.	Nicole Grasset	29 August 2009
date of death	The Rev. William Keble Martin (9 July 1877, Radley -- 26 November 1969, Woodbury) was a British priest, botanist and botanical illustrator, known for his Concise British Flora in Colour.	William Keble Martin	26 November 1969
date of death	Anna Zawadzka (8 February 1919, Warsaw - 22 June 2004, Warsaw) was a Polish teacher, author of textbooks, Scoutmaster (harcmistrzyni), sister of Tadeusz ``Zośka'' Zawadzki and daughter of professor and chemist Józef Zawadzki.	Anna Zawadzka	22 June 2004
date of death	Ib Rehné (18 January 1922 -- 7 March 2005) was Danish Radio's correspondent in the Middle East for many years.	Ib Rehné	7 March 2005
date of death	Dominicus van Tol (also known as Domenicus van Tol) (c.1635--1676) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Dominicus van Tol	1676
date of death	Julius Hougen (7 November 1906 -- 19 December 1993) was a Norwegian jurist and radio personality.	Julius Hougen	19 December 1993
date of death	Sarah Stein (July 26, 1870 - 1953) was a wealthy American art collector.	Sarah Stein	1953
date of death	Max Black (24 February 1909 -- 27 August 1988) was a British-American philosopher, who was a figure in analytic philosophy in the first half of the twentieth century.	Max Black	27 August 1988
date of death	John de Mohun, 2nd Baron Mohun, 9th feudal baron of Dunster, KG (1320--1376) was a founder member and the 11th Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter in 1348.	John de Mohun, 2nd Baron Mohun	1376
date of death	William Horace de Vere Cole (5 May 1881, Ballincurrig, Co. Cork, Ireland -- 25 February 1936, Paris, France) was an eccentric prankster and poet born in Ireland, which was then part of the United Kingdom.	Horace de Vere Cole	25 February 1936
date of death	John Morris Marsden (1857 -- 29 August 1939) was a British Solicitor and philatelist who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921.	John Morris Marsden	29 August 1939
date of death	Wolff Jakob Lauffensteiner (1676--1754) was an eminent Austrian lutenist active in the Bavarian court where he spent much of his career in service to the Elector of Bavaria in Munich.	Wolff Jakob Lauffensteiner	1754
date of death	Sir William Acton, 1st Baronet (died 22 January 1651) was an English merchant and Royalist.	Sir William Acton, 1st Baronet	22 January 1651
date of death	Hadmar II of Kuenring (c. 1140 -- 22 July 1217) was an Austrian ministerialis of the Kuenring family and son of Albero III of Kuenring.	Hadmar II of Kuenring	22 July 1217
date of death	John de Burnham (died 1363) was an English-born judge and Crown official who spent much of his career in Ireland, holding office as Lord High Treasurer of Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.	John de Burnham	1363
date of death	Harold Glenn Holland (1918-2002) was a developer from Arcadia, California who established the first franchise of amusement parks, Santa's Village.	Glenn Holland	2002
date of death	Johann Valentin Meder (baptised May 3, 1649 -- July 1719) was a German composer, organist, and singer.	Johann Valentin Meder	1719
date of death	Louis Littlepage or Lewis Littlepage (1762--1802) was an American diplomat, who most notably served in the royal court of the last Polish King, Stanisław August Poniatowski.	Louis Littlepage	1802
date of death	Theodore Musachi or Teodor I Muzaka was an Albanian nobleman that ruled the Lordship of Berat between 1372 and 1389.	Teodor I Muzaka	1389
date of death	Valdemaras Martinkėnas (10 March 1965 -- 20 July 2004) was a Soviet and Lithuanian professional footballer and coach.	Valdemaras Martinkėnas	20 July 2004
date of death	Einar Skinnarland DCM (27 April 1918 -- 5 December 2002) was a Norwegian resistance fighter during the Second World War.	Einar Skinnarland	2002
date of death	János Kőrössy (26 December 1926 - 21 January 2013) was a Romanian jazz musician.	János Kőrössy	21 January 2013
date of death	George Frederick Ives (17 November 1881 -- 12 April 1993) was a British-Canadian army veteran, who became known as the last surviving veteran of the Boer Wars.	George Frederick Ives	12 April 1993
date of death	Arnold Gerschwiler, OBE (28 May 1914 -- 22 August 2003) was a Swiss figure skating coach.	Arnold Gerschwiler	22 August 2003
date of death	John Wrottesley, 1st Baron Wrottesley (4 October 1771 -- 16 March 1841), known as Sir John Wrottesley, 9th Baronet, from 1787 to 1838, was a British soldier and Member of Parliament.	John Wrottesley, 1st Baron Wrottesley	16 March 1841
date of death	Gustaf Albrecht Bror Cederström (21 September 1780 -- 25 December 1877) was a Swedish baron and lieutenant general and Minister of War.	Bror Cederström	25 December 1877
date of death	Lorenza Ramírez de Arellano y Bartoli (1906 -- 1970) was the first wife of former Governor of Puerto Rico Luis A. Ferré and served as First Lady from 1968 until her death in 1970.	Lorenza Ramírez de Arellano	1970
date of death	Humphrey Forman (26 April 1888 -- 21 May 1923) played first-class cricket in two matches, one each for Cambridge University and Somerset in the 1910 cricket season.	Humphrey Forman	21 May 1923
date of death	Jan Koert (b. 1853, Rotterdam -- 2 February 1911, Atlantic City) was a Dutch-born musician, a leading solo violinist of his day in America, and concertmaster for some of the world's greatest orchestras.	Jan Koert	2 February 1911
date of death	Prof Arthur Berriedale Keith DCL DLit LLD (5 April 1879, Aberdeen -- 6 October 1944) was a Scottish constitutional lawyer, scholar of Sanskrit and Indologist.	Arthur Berriedale Keith	6 October 1944
date of death	Lawrence Storione (1867--1922) was a Fife miner and political figure.	Lawrence Storione	1922
date of death	Amy Clarke, better known by her publishing name Mrs. Henry Clarke (17 April 1853 -- 4 March 1908), was an English writer of historical fiction and children's books.	Mrs. Henry Clarke	4 March 1908
date of death	George W. Platzman (1920-2008) was an American Geophysical Fluid Dynamicist.	George W. Platzman	2008
date of death	David Morrieson Panton (D. M. Panton) (April 9, 1870 -- May 20, 1955) was the pastor of Surrey Chapel, Norwich, Norfolk, UK, where he succeeded Robert Govett.	David Morrieson Panton	1955
date of death	John Filson (c. 1747 -- October 1788) was an American author, historian of Kentucky, pioneer, surveyor and one of the founders of Cincinnati, Ohio.	John Filson	October 1788
date of death	Gusu of Baekje (died 234, r. 214--234) was the sixth king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Gusu of Baekje	234
date of death	Battista Malatesta (c. 1384 -- 1448), also known as Battista di Montefeltro forename also called Baptista, was an Italian Renaissance poet.	Battista Malatesta	1448
date of death	Jane Seymour (c. 1508 -- 24 October 1537) was Queen of England from 1536 to 1537 as the third wife of King Henry VIII. She succeeded Anne Boleyn as queen consort following the latter's execution for high treason, incest, and adultery in May 1536.	Jane Seymour	24 October 1537
date of death	Maria Foka (Greek: Μαρία Φωκά, d. 15 June 2001) was a Greek actress and participated in character roles.	Maria Foka	15 June 2001
date of death	Daniel Adamson (30 April 1820 -- 13 January 1890) was an English engineer who became a successful manufacturer of boilers and was the driving force behind the inception of the Manchester Ship Canal project during the 1880s.	Daniel Adamson	13 January 1890
date of death	Thomas Doolittle (1632?--1707) was an English nonconformist minister, tutor and author.	Thomas Doolittle	1707
date of death	Cristoforo Mantegazza (c. 1430 -- 1482) was an Italian sculptor who was active from 1464.	Cristoforo Mantegazza	1482
date of death	Manrique Pérez de Lara (died 1164) was a magnate of the Kingdom of Castile and its regent from 1158 until his death.	Manrique Pérez de Lara	1164
date of death	Oskar Adler (4 June 1875 -- 15 May 1955) was an Austrian violinist, physician and esoteric savant.	Oskar Adler	1955
date of death	Arne Geijer (b. 7 May 1910, in Söderala, Söderhamn Municipality, Hälsingland, d. 27 January 1979 in Bromma, Stockholm) was a Swedish trade union organizer.	Arne Geijer	27 January 1979
date of death	Marquis Bảo Nghĩa Trần Bình Trọng (Hán tự:陳平仲) (1259--1285) was a general of the Trần Dynasty well known for his heroic action in the war of Dai Viet against the second Mongol invasion.	Trần Bình Trọng	1285
date of death	Roger Pope (died 1647) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1647.	Roger Pope	1647
date of death	Al-Muntakhab al-Hasan (died 936) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen in the period 934-936.	Al-Muntakhab al-Hasan	936
date of death	Anthony Knivet, also Anthony Knyvett or Antonie Knivet (fl. 1591-1649), was an English sailor who fell into Portuguese hands in Brazil, lived for a while with a native Brazilian tribe, and wrote about his adventures after his eventual return to Britain.	Anthony Knivet	1649
date of death	David Sonin (14 November 1935 -- 13 May 2008) was a music critic and arts journalist.	David Sonin	13 May 2008
date of death	Salamullah Javid (Azerbaijani: Salamulla Cavid, Persian: سلام‌الله جاوید‎ ; born 1900 in Khalkhal -- death 1986 in Tehran) was an Iranian Azerbaijani physician and politician.	Salamullah Javid	1986
date of death	James Bowling Mozley (15 September 1813 -- 4 January 1878) was an English theologian.	James Bowling Mozley	4 January 1878
date of death	Félix Rodríguez Báez (Cayey, Puerto Rico 1929 - Santurce, Puerto Rico 2013 ) Puerto Rican painter, artist, graphic designer, set designer, cartoonist and art teacher.	Félix Rodríguez Báez	2013
date of death	Per Johannes Kolsaker (30 September 1931 -- 30 June 2010) was a Norwegian chemist.	Per Johannes Kolsaker	30 June 2010
date of death	Áed mac Bricc (died 589) was an Irish bishop and saint.	Áed mac Bricc	589
date of death	James J. McCrea (died 31 January 1969) was an Irish politician, farmer and businessman.	James J. McCrea	31 January 1969
date of death	Jessica Harcourt (1906--1988) was an Australian model, author and actor, best known for playing a leading role in For the Term of His Natural Life (1927).	Jessica Harcourt	1988
date of death	Alan Clodd (22 May 1918 - 24 December 2002) was an Irish publisher, book collector, and dealer.	Alan Clodd	24 December 2002
date of death	William Moraley (1698--1762) was an Englishman who emigrated to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1729 as an indentured servant.	William Moraley	1762
date of death	Thomas Baty (8 February 1869 -- 9 February 1954) was a British lawyer and expert on international law who spent much of his career working for the Imperial Japanese government.	Thomas Baty	9 February 1954
date of death	Sir Maurice Charles Philip O'Connell (also known as Maurice Charles O'Connell), KCH (1768 -- 25 May 1848) was a commander of forces and lieutenant-governor of colonial New South Wales.	Maurice Charles O'Connell	25 May 1848
date of death	Samuel Neilson (17 September 1761 -- 29 August 1803) was one of the founder members of the Society of United Irishmen and the founder of its newspaper the Northern Star.	Samuel Neilson	29 August 1803
date of death	Sir Harry Jephcott, 1st Baronet (15 January 1891 -- 29 May 1978) was a British pharmaceutical industrialist.	Sir Harry Jephcott, 1st Baronet	29 May 1978
date of death	Sir William Macewen, CB, FRS, (/məˈkjuːᵻn/) (22 June 1848 -- 22 March 1924) was a Scottish surgeon.	William Macewen	22 March 1924
date of death	Henry Gillman (1833--1915) was an ethnologist, curator for the Detroit Scientific Society, a librarian at the Detroit Public Library, and later he was affiliated with Harvard University's Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology.	Henry Gillman	1915
date of death	Nils Uhlin Hansen (6 May 1919 -- 11 January 1945) was a Norwegian long jumper and resistance member during World War II. He had a successful athletics career before the war; holding the Nordic record in the event.	Nils Uhlin Hansen	11 January 1945
date of death	Horace Lindrum (born Horace Norman William Morrell, 15 January 1912 -- 20 June 1974) was an Australian professional snooker and billiards player.	Horace Lindrum	20 June 1974
date of death	William de Clinton, 1st Earl of Huntingdon (c.1304 -- 31 October 1354) and Lord High Admiral, was the younger son of John de Clinton, 1st Baron Clinton (d.1312/13) of Maxstoke Castle, Warwickshire, and Ida De Odingsells who was the granddaughter of Ida II Longespee.	William de Clinton, 1st Earl of Huntingdon	1354
date of death	The Rt. Hon. Standish O'Grady, 1st Viscount Guillamore, PC (1766 -- 21 April 1840), from Cahir Guillamore, County Limerick, served as Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer for Ireland for a number of years.	Standish O'Grady, 1st Viscount Guillamore	21 April 1840
date of death	Keith Parris (31 July 1905 -- 20 August 1991) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Keith Parris	20 August 1991
date of death	Manno Wolf-Ferrari (1911--1994) was an Italian conductor, nephew of composer Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari.	Manno Wolf-Ferrari	1994
date of death	John of Reading (Latin: Johannes de Reading, Johannes Radingia, Ioannes Radingiensis; died 1346) was an English Franciscan theologian and scholastic philosopher.	John of Reading	1346
date of death	Elizabeth Josephine Brawley Hughes (December 22, 1839 -- March 1926) was an advocate of women's rights in the United States West region.	Josephine Brawley Hughes	1926
date of death	Terry Scanlon (5 July 1913 -- 21 August 1996) was an Australian comedian and pantomime artist.	Terry Scanlon	21 August 1996
date of death	William Preston Phelps (1848--1917), known as ``the Painter of the Monadnock'', was an American landscape painter born on the family farm near Chesham, in what is now the Pottersville section of Dublin, New Hampshire on March 6, 1848 to mother Mary Phelps and father Jayson Phelps.	William Preston Phelps	1917
date of death	Hubert Beckers (4 November 1806 -- 10 March 1889) was a German philosopher known chiefly as an expositor of the philosophy of Schelling.	Hubert Beckers	10 March 1889
date of death	Duane Lyman (1886-1966) was a Buffalo, New York-based architect considered the ``dean of Western New York Architecture.''	Duane Lyman	1966
date of death	Vice Admiral Sir Christopher Myngs (1625--1666), English naval officer and pirate, came of a Norfolk family and was a relative of another admiral, Sir Cloudesley Shovell.	Christopher Myngs	1666
date of death	Francisca Flores (December 1913, San Diego California - April 1996) was a chicana activist and fighter against women's oppression.	Francisca Flores	April 1996
date of death	Wilfrid Thomas Reid (4 March 1887 - 5 April 1968) was an English aircraft designer and considered one of the pioneers of the Canadian aircraft industry.	Wilfrid Thomas Reid	5 April 1968
date of death	Joseph Maria Pernter (15 March 1848 at Neumark, Tyrol -- 20 December 1908 at Arco) was an Austrian Jesuit and scientist.	Joseph Maria Pernter	20 December 1908
date of death	Pola Gojawiczyńska, real name Apolonia Gojawiczyńska, née Koźniewska (1 April 1896 -- 29 March 1963) was a Polish writer.	Pola Gojawiczyńska	29 March 1963
date of death	Elemér Somfay (28 August 1898 -- 15 May 1979) was a Hungarian athlete who competed mainly in the pentathlon.	Elemér Somfay	15 May 1979
date of death	Leonidas Andrianopoulos (Greek: Λεωνίδας Ανδριανόπουλος; 10 August 1911 -- 25 October 2011) was a Greek footballer who played as a striker.	Leonidas Andrianopoulos	25 October 2011
date of death	Broadus Miller (c. 1904--1927) was an African American man who in 1927 was accused of killing a young Morganton, North Carolina mill worker named Gladys Kincaid.	Broadus Miller	1927
date of death	Yang Du (simplified Chinese: 杨度; traditional Chinese: 楊度; pinyin: Yáng Dù; 1875 -- 17 September 1931) was a Chinese politician.	Yang Du	17 September 1931
date of death	Ernie Tagg (15 November 1917 - 29 November 2006) was an English professional football player and manager, particularly associated with Crewe Alexandra.	Ernie Tagg	29 November 2006
date of death	William Silver Oliver, M.D. (1836, Kilfinane -- 27 April 1908, Farnborough) was an Irish-born Canadian military surgeon remembered for describing Oliver's sign.	William Silver Oliver	27 April 1908
date of death	Cleve Cartmill (1908--1964) was an American writer of science fiction and fantasy short stories.	Cleve Cartmill	1964
date of death	Thomas Macknight (15 February 1829 -- 19 November 1899) was an Anglo-Irish newspaper editor, biographer and publisher.	Thomas Macknight	19 November 1899
date of death	Miel Louw (26 May 1933 -- 8 December 2007, Leuven) was a Belgian journalist, television presenter, and writer best known on television for his documentary series Wikken en wegen between 1974 and 1991 and ABC-auto which he wrote, presented and produced for television in 1992 with Annick Van Dam.	Miel Louw	8 December 2007
date of death	Lajos Markos (1917--1993) was a Hungarian American artist trained at the Royal Academy of Budapest.	Lajos Markos	1993
date of death	Charles Frederick Williams (4 May 1838 -- 9 February 1904), was a Scottish-Irish writer, journalist, and war correspondent.	Charles Frederick Williams	9 February 1904
date of death	William Lodge (July 4, 1649 -- 1689) was an English engraver and printmaker of the Baroque period.	William Lodge	1689
date of death	Angélique Arvanitaki (11 July 1901 -- 6 October 1983) was a French neurophysiologist who did research on the electrical activity of neurons using the large nerve fibres of several different molluscs.	Angélique Arvanitaki	6 October 1983
date of death	Henry Dwight Barrows (1825--1914) was an American teacher, businessman, farmer, goldminer, reporter, United States Marshal, Los Angeles County School Superintendent, manufacturer, writer, and a founder and president of the Historical Society of Southern California.	Henry Dwight Barrows	1914
date of death	Robert Whymant (29 November 1944 -- 26 December 2004) was a British writer and reporter.	Robert Whymant	26 December 2004
date of death	V. K. Madhavan Kutty (Malayalam: വീ കെ മാധവന്‍കുട്ടി; 1934--2005) was an eminent journalist from the state of Kerala, India.	V. K. Madhavan Kutty	2005
date of death	Trevor Clay, CBE, FRCN (10 May 1936 in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, England -- 23 April 1994 in Harefield, Middlesex, England) was a British nurse and former General Secretary of the Royal College of Nursing.	Trevor Clay	23 April 1994
date of death	Robert Plot (13 December 1640 -- 30 April 1696) was an English naturalist, first Professor of Chemistry at the University of Oxford, and the first keeper of the Ashmolean Museum.	Robert Plot	30 April 1696
date of death	Louise Emerson Ronnebeck (25 August 1901 -- 17 February 1980) was an American painter best known for her murals executed for the Works Progress Administration (WPA).	Louise Emerson Ronnebeck	17 February 1980
date of death	Sir Clement Edmondes (c. 1568--1622) was an English government official and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1609 and 1622.	Clement Edmondes	1622
date of death	William Isaac Last AMICE (1857 -- 7 August 1911) was a British mechanical engineer who became a museum curator and the second Director of the Science Museum in London.	William Isaac Last	7 August 1911
date of death	Annette Rogers Kelly (22 October 1913 -- 8 November 2006) was an American sprinter who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Annette Rogers	8 November 2006
date of death	Adam Falckenhagen (26 April 1697 -- 6 October 1754) was a German lutenist and composer of the Baroque period.	Adam Falckenhagen	6 October 1754
date of death	Lauro Amadò (3 March 1912 -- 6 June 1971), aka Lajo, was a Swiss football player.	Lauro Amadò	6 June 1971
date of death	Sun Du (traditional Chinese: 孫渡; simplified Chinese: 孙渡; pinyin: Sūn Dù; 1898--1967) was a Kuomintang general from Yunnan.	Sun Du	1967
date of death	Don Rubbo (December 5, 1926 -- January 1979) was a mentor and guide of Peter Max and an affiliate of Andy Warhol in the mid-1960s.	Don Rubbo	1979
date of death	Samuel Morison Brown (February 1817 - 20 September 1856), Scottish chemist, poet and essayist.	Samuel Morison Brown	20 September 1856
date of death	Ernald (or Ærnald) († 1163) was the second Abbot of Kelso before becoming Bishop of Cell Rígmonaid (St Andrews), the highest ranking Scottish see in the period.	Ernald	1163
date of death	Topal Osman Pasha (1663--1733) was an Ottoman military officer and administrator.	Topal Osman Pasha	1733
date of death	Judd Marmor (2 May 1910 -- 16 December 2003) was an American psychiatrist known for his role in removing homosexuality from the American Psychiatric Association Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.	Judd Marmor	16 December 2003
date of death	Jeni Bojilova-Pateva (bulg. Жени Божилова-Патева; December 1878 - 17 June 1955) is a Bulgarian human rights activists.	Jeni Bojilova-Pateva	17 June 1955
date of death	Sir William Meredith, 3rd Baronet (c.1725 -- 2 January 1790) was a British politician of the late 18th Century, one of the Rockingham Whigs.	Sir William Meredith, 3rd Baronet	1790
date of death	Guang Qin (廣欽, 1892--1986) was a renowned Buddhist monk, teacher and cultivator.	Guang Qin	1986
date of death	Gugsa Araya Selassie (1885 -- 28 April 1932) was an army commander and a member of the royal family of the Ethiopian Empire.	Gugsa Araya Selassie	28 April 1932
date of death	Gregorios Xenopoulos (; December 9, 1867 -- 14 January 1951) was a novelist, journalist and writer of plays from Zakynthos.	Gregorios Xenopoulos	14 January 1951
date of death	John Beirne, Jnr (died 23 October 1967) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician.	John Beirne, Jnr	23 October 1967
date of death	Frederick Octavius Pickard-Cambridge (3 November 1860 -- 9 February 1905) was an English arachnologist.	Frederick Octavius Pickard-Cambridge	9 February 1905
date of death	Henry James, 1st Baron James of Hereford GCVO PC QC (30 October 1828 -- 18 August 1911), known as Sir Henry James between 1873 and 1895, was an Anglo-Welsh lawyer and statesman.	Henry James, 1st Baron James of Hereford	18 August 1911
date of death	Novica Čanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Новица Чановић; 29 November 1961 -- 3 July 1993) was a Serb high jumper.	Novica Čanović	3 July 1993
date of death	Wilbur Marshall Urban (1873--1952) was an American philosopher of language, influenced by Ernst Cassirer.	Wilbur Marshall Urban	1952
date of death	Ali Jawad Al Taher (1911?/1922? -- 10 October 1996) was an Iraqi critic and literary scholar.	Ali Jawad Al Taher	1996
date of death	Dan Apostol (12 July 1957 Bucharest -- 4 March 2013 Bucharest) was a Romanian writer and researcher, specialized in several border domains of aviation, history, archeology, ancient civilisations, art, biology, anthropology, palaeontology and cryptozoology.	Dan Apostol	4 March 2013
date of death	Thomas Tropenell, sometimes Tropenelle and Tropnell (c. 1405 -- 1488), was an English lawyer and landowner in Wiltshire in the west of England.	Thomas Tropenell	1488
date of death	Moses A. McLaughlin (1834 - 1899) Irish born, California Militia officer, Union Army officer, farmer, later a doctor.	Moses A. McLaughlin	1899
date of death	Marie-Jean-Augustin Vestris, known as Auguste Vestris (27 March 1760 - 5 December 1842), was a French dancer.	Auguste Vestris	5 December 1842
date of death	Frank Durkan (1930 -- 2006) was an Irish-American attorney best known for having represented numerous members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA), including avowed gun-runner and pivotal North American member of the IRA George Harrison, who stood trial, and was acquitted, in 1982.	Frank Durkan	2006
date of death	Pedro Sánchez de Castro, (fl. 1454-1484) was a Spanish Gothic painter.	Pedro Sánchez de Castro	1484
date of death	Cornelius Loos (1546 -- February 3, 1595), also known as Cornelius Losaeus Callidius, was a Roman Catholic priest, theologian, and professor of theology, and was the first Catholic official to write publicly against the witch trials then raging throughout Europe.	Cornelius Loos	1595
date of death	Delphin Strungk (or Strunck) (1600 or 1601 -- 12 October 1694) was a German composer and organist associated with the North German school.	Delphin Strungk	12 October 1694
date of death	Ideal Petrov died in his home city of Varna on 20 September 1983.	Ideal Petrov	20 September 1983
date of death	Huguet de Mataplana (after 1173 -- 28 November 1213) was a Catalan nobleman and poet.	Huguet de Mataplana	28 November 1213
date of death	Izet Dibra (1878-1964) born Izet Shatku was an Albanian politician and mayor of Tirana from 1927 to 1928.	Izet Dibra	1964
date of death	Robert Dibble (15 November 1882 - 1963) was an English rugby union international who represented England from 1906 to 1912.	Robert Dibble	1963
date of death	Charles James Roberts C.M.G., (29 March 1846 -- 14 August 1925) was a publican and politician in colonial New South Wales and Postmaster-General of New South Wales.	Charles James Roberts	14 August 1925
date of death	Reverend John Warneford MA, BD (1720 -- 20 November 1773) was an English clergyman and scholar.	John Warneford	20 November 1773
date of death	Michael Garber (1892-1977) was a Montreal based lawyer and a Canadian Jewish community activist.	Michael Garber	1977
date of death	Urani Rumbo (1895-1936) was an Albanian feminist, teacher and playwright.	Urani Rumbo	1936
date of death	Emanuel Wirth (18 October 1842 -- 5 January 1923) was a German violinist and violist.	Emanuel Wirth	5 January 1923
date of death	Boris Stavrev (Bulgarian: Борис Ставрев, 7 March 1935 -- 16 May 2003) was a Bulgarian fencer.	Boris Stavrev	16 May 2003
date of death	Walter Sherard Vines (1890 -- 1974) was an English writer and academic who wrote poetry, novels, and criticism.	Sherard Vines	1974
date of death	Ambassador Mohammed Lawal Rafindadi (1934-2007) was a Nigerian diplomat and security chief from Katsina state.	Mohammed Lawal Rafindadi	2007
date of death	Ulysses Grant Dailey (1885--1961) was an American surgeon, writer, and teacher.	Ulysses Grant Dailey	1961
date of death	Henri de Bailly (died October 1637) was a French composer.	Henri de Bailly	October 1637
date of death	Big Bill Neidjie (c. 1920 -- 23 May 2002) was the last surviving speaker of the Gaagudju language, an indigenous language from northern Kakadu after which the World Heritage-listed Kakadu National Park is named.	Big Bill Neidjie	23 May 2002
date of death	Giovanni Pettenella (28 March 1943 -- 19 February 2010) was an Italian track cyclist.	Giovanni Pettenella	19 February 2010
date of death	Charlie Lees (1887-1976) was a pioneer rugby league player in the Australian competition - the NSWRFL.	Charlie Lees	1976
date of death	Yiannis Vasiliadis (Greek: Γιάννης Βασιλειάδης; 1924 -- 30 March 2012) was a Greek politician and former naval admiral who served as a Member of Parliament from 1985 to 1993.	Yiannis Vasiliadis	30 March 2012
date of death	James Brown Lord (26 April 1859 -- 1 June 1902) was an American architect, working in a Beaux-Arts idiom, with a practice in New York City.	James Brown Lord	1902
date of death	André Eugène Marcel Pourchier (1 June 1897 -- 1 September 1944) was a French military officer whose last rank was Lieutenant-Colonel.	Marcel Pourchier	1 September 1944
date of death	Major General Robert Sedgwick (c. 1611 -- 1656) was an English colonist, born 1611 in Woburn, Bedfordshire, England, and baptised on 6 May 1613.	Robert Sedgwick	1656
date of death	Ron Baggott (16 January 1917--28 April 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ron Baggott	28 April 2013
date of death	Iqbal Masih (Punjabi, Urdu: اقبال مسیح; born: 1983, died: 16 April 1995) was a Pakistani child who became a symbol of abusive child labor in the developing world.	Iqbal Masih	16 April 1995
date of death	Count János Forgách de Ghymes et Gács (German: Johann Graf Forgách von Ghymes und Gács) (24 October 1870 -- 25 September 1935), was an Austro-Hungarian diplomat of Hungarian origin who played a prominent role during World War I and in particular the July Crisis.	János Forgách	25 September 1935
date of death	Iosef Mikhailovich Oranski (24 April 1923 - 16 May 1977), sometimes spelled Iosef Mikhailovich Oranskii, was a prominent Soviet linguist affiliated with the Leningrad Institute of Oriental Studies.	Iosef Mikhailovich Oranski	16 May 1977
date of death	Sir John Rankine Goody, FBA (/ˈɡʊdi/; 27 July 1919 -- 16 July 2015), known as Jack Goody, was a British social anthropologist.	Jack Goody	16 July 2015
date of death	Edmund Henry Gilpin (1876 -- 24 July 1950), known as Harry Gilpin, was a British politician and company director.	Harry Gilpin	24 July 1950
date of death	Aubrey Darmody (17 May 1921 -- 9 February 2006) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League as a full-back for Norwich City.	Aubrey Darmody	9 February 2006
date of death	Maxim Mazumdar (1952 -- 28 April 1988) was an Indo-Canadian playwright and director.	Maxim Mazumdar	28 April 1988
date of death	George of Antioch (died 1151 or 1152) was the first true ammiratus ammiratorum, successor of the great Christodulus.	George of Antioch	1151
date of death	Matti Merivirta (21 October 1866, Pori - 7 September 1944; born Mathias Sjöström) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician.	Matti Merivirta	7 September 1944
date of death	Nora Thompson Dean (1907--1984), also known as Weenjipahkihelexkwe, which translates as ``Touching Leaves Woman'' in Unami, was a member of the Delaware Tribe of Indians.	Nora Thompson Dean	1984
date of death	William H. Illingworth (1844--1893) was an English photographer who accompanied both Captain James L. Fisk's 1866 expedition to the Montana Territory and Lt. Colonel George Custer's 1874 U.S. military expedition into the Black Hills of the Dakota Territory (now western South Dakota).	William H. Illingworth	1893
date of death	Gustav Nezval (18 November 1907 -- 17 September 1998) by civil name Augustin Nezval, was a Czech stage and film actor.	Gustav Nezval	17 September 1998
date of death	Warren Tartaglia (aka Walid al-Taha) (March 13, 1944 - November 1965) was a jazz musician, poet and one of the six founders of the Moorish Orthodox Church of America.	Warren Tartaglia	November 1965
date of death	Bernard G. Amend (1 January 1821 -- 6 April 1911) was a German-born pharmacist.	Bernard G. Amend	6 April 1911
date of death	Richard Christopher Carrington (26 May 1826 -- 27 November 1875) was an English amateur astronomer whose 1859 astronomical observations demonstrated the existence of solar flares as well as suggesting their electrical influence upon the Earth and its aurorae; and whose 1863 records of sunspot observations revealed the differential rotation of the Sun.	Richard Christopher Carrington	27 November 1875
date of death	Hans Vollenweider (11 February 1908 - 18 October 1940) was a Swiss criminal.	Hans Vollenweider	18 October 1940
date of death	Maria Ivanovna Khlopova (died 1633), was a Russian noble, the fiancee of Tsar Michael I of Russia.	Maria Ivanovna Khlopova	1633
date of death	Casimiro Castro (24 April 1826 Tepetlaoxtoc - 8 January 1889 Mexico City), was a Mexican painter and lithographer, and is regarded as having been a leading graphic and landscape artist in nineteenth century Mexico.	Casimiro Castro	1889
date of death	Felix Ehrlich (born 1 June 1877 in Harriehausen (today incorporated in Bad Gandersheim), died in 1942 in Obernigk near Breslau) was a German chemist and biochemist.	Felix Ehrlich	1942
date of death	Henry Condell (baptised 5 September 1576-died December 1627) was an actor in the King's Men, the playing company for which William Shakespeare wrote.	Henry Condell	December 1627
date of death	Bonifacio del Carril (14 April 1911 -- 23 December 1994) was an Argentine writer, lawyer, diplomat, and historian.	Bonifacio del Carril	1994
date of death	Henrietta Maria Rice, Emma Fitch Rice, Mary Wood Rice, James Stephen Rice, and Harvey Rice, Jr. Harvey Rice died on 7 November 1891 in Cleveland and was buried at Cleveland's Lake View Cemetery.	Harvey Rice	7 November 1891
date of death	Isaac Kimber (1692--1755) was an English General Baptist minister, biographer, and journalist.	Isaac Kimber	1755
date of death	Joseph Tomlinson (11 November 1823 London -- 22 April 1894) was a British railroad engineer, and executive.	Joseph Tomlinson	22 April 1894
date of death	Artaldus who live the remainder of his days at Arvières, living until the age of 105, he died in 1206.	Artaldus	1206
date of death	Bernard Peyrilhe (1737--1804) was a French surgeon known as one of the founders of experimental cancer research.	Bernard Peyrilhe	1804
date of death	Kanō Michinobu (狩野 典信, 20 December 1730 -- 24 September 1790) was a Japanese painter of the Kanō school of painting.	Kanō Michinobu	24 September 1790
date of death	Hedayatollah Hatami (c. 1914 - September 1988) was an Iranian man who was allegedly hanged during the 1988 executions of Iranian political prisoners.	Hedayatollah Hatami	1988
date of death	William FitzAlan, 18th Earl of Arundel, 8th Baron Maltravers KG (1476 -- 23 January 1544) was an English peer, styled as Lord Maltravers from 1487 to 1524.	William FitzAlan, 18th Earl of Arundel	23 January 1544
date of death	Brewster Hughes (12 December 1912 -- 30 September 1986), born Ignatius Abiodun Oke and who later used the name Ernest Henley Oke Hughes, was a Nigerian guitarist, bandleader and community leader who was active in Britain as a highlife performer and recording artist after the Second World War.	Brewster Hughes	30 September 1986
date of death	Sayyid Mohammad Kazem Shariatmadari (Azerbaijani: Məhəmməd Kazım Şəriətmədari, Persian: محمد کاظم شریعتمداری‎‎), also spelled Shariat-Madari (1905 -- 3 April 1986 ), was an Iranian Grand Ayatollah.	Mohammad Kazem Shariatmadari	3 April 1986
date of death	Robin Bryans (24 April 1928 -- 11 June 2005), born Robert Harbinson Bryans, was a prolific author of popular travel and autobiographical works under the pen names Robin Bryans, Robert Harbinson, and Donald Cameron.	Robin Bryans	11 June 2005
date of death	William Brunsdon Yapp (1909 -- 1990) was a zoologist and author.	William Brunsdon Yapp	1990
date of death	Robert Woodcock (bap. 9 October 1690 -- died 10 April 1728) was an English marine painter, musician, and composer who lived during the Baroque period.	Robert Woodcock	10 April 1728
date of death	Frank Hardcastle (12 May 1844 - 6 November 1908) was a bleacher and businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.	Frank Hardcastle	6 November 1908
date of death	Heather Thatcher (3 September 1896 -- 15 February 1987) was an English actress in theatre and films.	Heather Thatcher	15 February 1987
date of death	Ray Jessel (born Raymond Jessel, 16 October 1929 -- 17 July 2015) was a Welsh songwriter, orchestrator, and musical theatre composer.	Ray Jessel	17 July 2015
date of death	Ignác Šechtl (26 May 1840 -- 6 July 1911), also known as Ignace Schächtl or Hynek Šechtl, was a pioneer of Czech photography (especially photojournalism) and cinematography.	Ignác Šechtl	6 July 1911
date of death	Esther Howard (4 April 1892 -- 8 March 1965) was a stage and film character actress who played a wide range of supporting roles, from man-hungry spinsters to amoral criminals, appearing in 108 films in her 23-year career.	Esther Howard	8 March 1965
date of death	Jane Heap (1883 -- 1964) was an American publisher and a significant figure in the development and promotion of literary modernism.	Jane Heap	1964
date of death	Albert Elias (16 May 1971 in Dallas - 18 December 2012) was an American NFL agent and chairman of the Elias Sports Management.	Albert Elias	18 December 2012
date of death	P. Patrick McKernan (April 19, 1941 - July 10, 2001) was one of the pioneers of minor league baseball.	P. Patrick McKernan	2001
date of death	Nemacolin died on the island in 1767, and European settlers soon laid claim to that land.	Nemacolin	1767
date of death	Michael Laurence (1935 - 23 March 2015) was an Australian actor, producer writer best known for creating Return to Eden.	Michael Laurence	23 March 2015
date of death	Christian Thomasius (1 January 1655 -- 23 September 1728) was a German jurist and philosopher.	Christian Thomasius	23 September 1728
date of death	Capt. Edward Levett Darwin (12 April 1821 -- 23 April 1901) was the author under the pen-name High Elms of Gameskeeper's Manual, a guide for gamekeepers on large estates which shows keen observation of the habits of various animals.	Edward Levett Darwin	23 April 1901
date of death	Emanuel Witz (27 June 1717 -- 11 December 1797) was a Swiss painter, born in Biel.	Emanuel Witz	11 December 1797
date of death	Edward Wetenhall (1636--1713) was an English bishop of the Church of Ireland.	Edward Wetenhall	1713
date of death	Erwin Axer (1 January 1917 -- 5 August 2012) was a Polish theatre director, writer and university professor.	Erwin Axer	5 August 2012
date of death	Heathoberht (Heathubeorht or Hathoberht; died 801) was a medieval Bishop of London.	Heathoberht	801
date of death	Saihei Hirose (June 16, 1828 -- 1914) was a Japanese mining businessman and former head of the board of directors of Sumitomo Zaibatsu from 1877 to 1894.	Saihei Hirose	1914
date of death	Mary Hemings, also known as Mary Hemings Bell (1753-after 1834), was born into slavery, most likely in Charles City County, Virginia, as the oldest child of Elizabeth Hemings, a mixed-race slave held by John Wayles.	Mary Hemings	1834
date of death	Horrie Clover (20 March 1895 -- 1 January 1984) was a leading Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League (VFL).	Horrie Clover	1 January 1984
date of death	Hana Meisel (Hebrew: חנה מייזל‎, born 25 December 1883, died 1972) was a Jewish agronomist, feminist and Zionist.	Hana Meisel	1972
date of death	John Wallop, Viscount Lymington (3 August 1718 -- 19 November 1749) was a British politician, styled Hon. John Wallop from 1720 to 1743.	John Wallop, Viscount Lymington	19 November 1749
date of death	Philip of Spanheim (also: Philip of Sponheim; † 22. July 1279) was elected Archbishop of Salzburg (1247--1257) and Patriarch of Aquileia (1269--1271).	Philip of Spanheim	22. July 1279
date of death	Mary Harper Sowell (1924-2005), was an Arkansas poet who deeply loved the Ozark Mountains and the people who lived there.	Mary Harper Sowell	2005
date of death	Maria Margarida Marante Rodrigues Anjos, known as Margarida Marante (29 June 1959 - 5 October 2012) was a Portuguese journalist and television presenter known for interviewing major public Portuguese figures.	Margarida Marante	5 October 2012
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal Sir Charles Warburton Meredith KBE CB AFC (1896 -- 19 April 1977) was a South African-born air force pilot and was Air Officer Commanding of the Rhodesian Air Training Group during the Second World War.	Charles Warburton Meredith	1977
date of death	Rewani, (c.1475 - 1524), Ilyas Shudja Celebi, was an Ottoman poet.	Rewani	1524
date of death	Olivier-David Benoît (6 February 1837 -- 19 February 1897) was a shoemaker by trade and attained importance in history as a trade union leader.	Olivier-David Benoît	19 February 1897
date of death	Alexei Kondratiev (1949--2010) was an American author, linguist, and teacher of Celtic languages, folklore and culture.	Alexei Kondratiev	2010
date of death	Robert Amadas (before 1490 -- 7 April 1532) was a London Goldsmith whose clients included King Henry VIII and his courtiers.	Robert Amadas	7 April 1532
date of death	Jacopino della Scala (died 1215), an Italian merchant and politician, was a member of the Scaliger family of future lords of Verona.	Jacopino della Scala	1215
date of death	Robert Stamm (16 July 1900 -- 4 November 1937) was a German politician, a Communist (KPD) member of the Reichstag from Bremen, and a victim of the Nazi régime.	Robert Stamm	4 November 1937
date of death	Charles Spencer Denman, 5th Baron Denman, 2nd Baronet CBE MC TD (7 July 1916 -- 21 November 2012) was a British businessman.	Charles Spencer Denman, 5th Baron Denman	21 November 2012
date of death	John Brickdale Blakeway (1765--1826) was an English barrister, cleric and topographer.	John Brickdale Blakeway	1826
date of death	Martin-Eloy Lignereux (1751-1809) is one of the most prestigious French marchands-merciers or art object creators.	Martin-Eloy Lignereux	1809
date of death	On 5 August 2005, Raul Roco died of prostate cancer, at St Luke's Medical Center in Quezon City.	Raul Roco	5 August 2005
date of death	Jay Kirby (January 28, 1920 -- July 30, 1964) was an American actor in films and television.	Jay Kirby	1964
date of death	Juan López de Palacios Rubios (1450--1524) was a Spanish jurist whose real name is Juan Lopez de Vivero.	Juan López de Palacios Rubios	1524
date of death	Bessica Faith Raiche née Medlar, known as Bessie Raiche, (April 1875 -- 11 April 1932) was a dentist, businesswoman, and physician, who was the first woman in the United States accredited with flying solo in an airplane.	Bessie Raiche	11 April 1932
date of death	Henry Prentiss (1801--1859) manufactured musical instruments, umbrellas and sheet music, which he sold from his shop on Court Street in Boston, Massachusetts in the 19th-century.	Henry Prentiss	1859
date of death	Marianne North (24 October 1830 -- 30 August 1890) was a prolific English Victorian biologist and botanical artist, notable for her plant and landscape paintings, her extensive foreign travels, her writings, her plant discoveries and the creation of her gallery at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.	Marianne North	30 August 1890
date of death	Cú Ceanain Ó Con Ceanainn,(died 1224) was King of Uí Díarmata, Ireland.	Cú Ceanain Ó Con Ceanainn	1224
date of death	Robert Burford (1791 - 30 Jan. 1861) was an English painter of panoramas.	Robert Burford	1861
date of death	Katherine Austen (1629 -- ca. 1683) was a British diarist and poet best known for Book M, her manuscript collection of meditations, journal entries, and verse.	Katherine Austen	1683
date of death	Walter Rice Howell Powell (1819 - 26 June 1889) was a Welsh landowner and Liberal politician.	Walter Rice Howell Powell	26 June 1889
date of death	Alfred Pontifex (17 March 1842 -- 25 August 1930) was an English first-class cricketer who made a single appearance for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club in 1871.	Alfred Pontifex	25 August 1930
date of death	Colm Ó Lochlainn (1892 - 26 June 1972) was a printer, typographer, collector of Irish ballads and traditional Irish Uilleann piper.	Colm Ó Lochlainn	26 June 1972
date of death	Wallace Mercer (4 June 1946 -- 17 January 2006) was chairman of the Scottish football club Heart of Midlothian from 1981 to 1994.	Wallace Mercer	17 January 2006
date of death	James Dennis, 1st Baron Tracton PC (1721--15 June 1782) was an Irish politician and judge.	James Dennis, 1st Baron Tracton	15 June 1782
date of death	Sergey Lazarevich Lashkarev (23 February 1739 -- 6 October 1814) (Russian: Сергей Лазаревич Лашкарёв, derived from Georgian: ლაშკარაშვილი ბიბილური, Lashkarashvili-Bibiluri), was a Russian Imperial Major-General of Georgian origin.	Sergey Lazarevich Lashkarev	6 October 1814
date of death	Lyubov Yanovska (Яновська Любов Олександрівна, 1861 -- 1933) was a Ukrainian writer and feminist.	Lyubov Yanovska	1933
date of death	Henry Cassidy Midgley, PC (NI), known as Harry Midgley (1893 -- 29 April 1957) was a prominent politician in Northern Ireland.	Harry Midgley	29 April 1957
date of death	Ole Nikolai Ingebrigtsen Strømme (23 February 1876 -- 17 February 1936) was Norwegian Minister of Social Affairs in 1933.	Ole Nikolai Ingebrigtsen Strømme	17 February 1936
date of death	Thomas Brinknell or Brynknell (died 1539?), was a professor at Oxford.	Thomas Brinknell	1539
date of death	Ramón I de Moncada (b. 1150 -- d. 1190 or 1191) was a Spanish noble from Tortosa of the House of Moncada and a diplomat in the service of the crown.	Ramón I de Moncada	1190
date of death	Kirpal Singh (6 February 1894 -- 21 August 1974) was a spiritual master (satguru).	Kirpal Singh	21 August 1974
date of death	Doris Hanson (October 24, 1925--November 8, 2006) was a Wisconsin politician and real estate broker.	Doris Hanson	2006
date of death	Hu Yinglin (Chinese: 胡應麟; 1551--1602), also known as Hu Yuanrui, was a Chinese scholar, writer and bibliophile during the late Ming dynasty.	Hu Yinglin	1602
date of death	Ernest Foster (23 November 1873 -- 16 April 1956) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club against the MCC at Lord's in 1901.	Ernest Foster	16 April 1956
date of death	Paddy Mullins (1919 -- 28 October 2010) was an Irish racehorse trainer in a career which spanned fifty two years.	Paddy Mullins	28 October 2010
date of death	Farinelli (Italian pronunciation: (fariˈnɛlːi)) (24 January 1705 -- 16 September 1782), was the stage name of Carlo Maria Michelangelo Nicola Broschi (pronounced (ˈkarlo ˈbrɔski)), celebrated Italian castrato singer of the 18th century and one of the greatest singers in the history of opera.	Farinelli	16 September 1782
date of death	Alasdair Crotach MacLeod (Scottish Gaelic: Alasdair Crotach MacLeòid) (1450 -- 1547) is considered to be the eighth chief of Scottish Clan MacLeod.	Alasdair Crotach MacLeod	1547
date of death	Alois Kaiser (November 10, 1840 - 1908) was an American chazzan and composer, considered to be the founder of American cantorate.	Alois Kaiser	1908
date of death	Claude Grahame-White (21 August 1879 -- 19 August 1959) was an English pioneer of aviation, and the first to make a night flight, during the Daily Mail sponsored 1910 London to Manchester air race.	Claude Grahame-White	19 August 1959
date of death	Byron B. Brainard (1894--1940) was an electrician, auto mechanic, auto salesman, real estate broker and community newspaper editor who was also a Los Angeles City Council member between 1933 and 1939.	Byron B. Brainard	1940
date of death	Edward Plunkett, 4th Baron of Dunsany (died 1521) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman: he was killed in battle during the Irish Rebellion of 1520-1.	Edward Plunkett, 4th Baron of Dunsany	1521
date of death	Jacopo Coppi called ``'Jacopo del Meglio''' (``the Best'') (Peretola, 1523 - 1591) was an Italian painter, mainly active in Florence in a Mannerist style.	Jacopo Coppi	1591
date of death	Roger Vandercruse Lacroix (1728--1799), often known as Roger Vandercruse, was a Parisian ébéniste whose highly refined furniture spans the rococo and the early neoclassical styles.	Roger Vandercruse Lacroix	1799
date of death	Vafa Guluzade (surname also spelled as Gulizade(h), Goulizade(h), Kulizade(h), Quluzade(h)) (Azerbaijani: Vəfa Mirzağa oğlu Quluzadə) (21 December 1940 -- 1 May 2015) was an Azerbaijani diplomat, political scientist and specialist in conflict resolution.	Vafa Guluzade	1 May 2015
date of death	Janet Colquhoun (pronounced /kəˈhuːn/; née Sinclair; also known as Janet Sinclair and Lady Colquhoun of Luss; 17 April 1781 -- 21 October 1846) was a British religious writer.	Janet Colquhoun	1846
date of death	Sir George Frederick Edmonstone (11 April 1813 -- 24 September 1864) Knight Indian Civilian(KCB), was an administrator in India.	George Frederick Edmonstone	24 September 1864
date of death	Salvarino Aliprandi (died 1344) was an Italian Legal Counsel of the 14th century.	Salvarino Aliprandi	1344
date of death	Andrew Allam (1655 -- 17 June 1685) was an English academic and miscellaneous writer.	Andrew Allam	17 June 1685
date of death	George Mackenzie, 3rd Earl of Cromartie (c. 1703--28 September 1766) was a Scottish nobleman.	George Mackenzie, 3rd Earl of Cromartie	28 September 1766
date of death	Arthur Montford (25 May 1929 -- 26 November 2014) was a Scottish Television sports journalist, best known for his 32-year tenure as the presenter of Scottish Television's Scotsport.	Arthur Montford	26 November 2014
date of death	William Coward (1657?--1725) was an English physician, controversial writer, and poet.	William Coward	1725
date of death	Constance of Greater Poland (also known as of Poznań) (Polish: Konstancja wielkopolska (poznańska)) (1245/46 -- 8 October 1281) was a princess of Greater Poland, a member of the House of Piast, and by marriage a Margravine of Brandenburg-Stendal.	Constance of Greater Poland	8 October 1281
date of death	Paul Ragueneau (18 March 1608 -- 3 September 1680) is known most notable as a Catholic Jesuit missionary.	Paul Ragueneau	3 September 1680
date of death	Robert Scott Burn (14 February 1825 -- 31 January 1901) was a Scottish engineer and author, known as prolific writer between 1850 and 1860 on a wide range of subjects ranging from agriculture, building construction and mechanical engineering to architectural and technical drawing.	Robert Scott Burn	31 January 1901
date of death	Dirck Storm (1630--1716) was an early colonial American famous for composing the history of the Dutch community at Sleepy Hollow and beginning the community's records.	Dirck Storm	1716
date of death	Harry Scott Bennett (1 June 1877 -- 24 May 1959), originally Henry Gilbert Scott Bennett, was an Australian socialist speaker and organiser.	Harry Scott Bennett	24 May 1959
date of death	John Keble (25 April 1792 -- 29 March 1866) was an English churchman and poet, one of the leaders of the Oxford Movement.	John Keble	29 March 1866
date of death	Alexander Lawton Mackall (Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, May 23, 1888 -- West New Brighton, Staten Island, New York, 1968) was an author, journalist and gastronomy expert and critic.	Alexander Lawton Mackall	1968
date of death	Fu Youde (Chinese: 傅友德; Wade--Giles: Fu Yu-te) (d. 20 December 1394) was a Chinese general and a highly competent commander in the Ming navy.	Fu Youde	20 December 1394
date of death	Ratu Osea Gavidi (born October 1943, died 3 April 2015 in Suva) was a Fijian politician and indigenous chief.	Osea Gavidi	3 April 2015
date of death	Ridley Haim Herschell (7 April 1807 -- 14 April 1864) was an Anglo-Polish minister who converted from Judaism to evangelical Christianity.	Ridley Haim Herschell	14 April 1864
date of death	José Bernardino de Portugal e Castro (20 May 1780 - 26 February 1840) was a Portuguese marquis and the President of the Council of Ministers from 4 to 5 November 1836.	José Bernardino de Portugal e Castro	26 February 1840
date of death	Claudius Buchanan Whish (5 January 1827 - 28 February 1890) was a prominent Queensland sugar-planter, civil servant and member of the Queensland Legislative Council.	Claudius Buchanan Whish	28 February 1890
date of death	Josep de Suelves i de Montagut, 9th Marquis of Tamarit (1850 -- 1926) was a Spanish Carlist politician.	Josep de Suelves i de Montagut	1926
date of death	George Nicolls (died 11 May 1942) was an Irish politician and solicitor.	George Nicolls	11 May 1942
date of death	Lawrence Stephen (died 2006) was a political figure from the Pacific nation of Nauru.	Lawrence Stephen	2006
date of death	Sibylla of Anjou (c. 1112--1165) was a countess consort of Flanders.	Sibylla of Anjou	1165
date of death	Prof William Barron Coutts FRSE (1885--1946) was a Scottish physicist specialising in military science.	William Barron Coutts	1946
date of death	Bruce Kiskaddon (1878--1950) has been called the quintessential cowboy poet of the 20th century and is widely considered to be the cowboy poet laureate of America.	Bruce Kiskaddon	1950
date of death	Jem Mace (8 April 1831 -- 30 November 1910) was an English boxing champion.	Jem Mace	30 November 1910
date of death	Alan Smithson (1 December 1936--17 June 2010, Edinburgh, United Kingdom) was Bishop of Jarrow from 1990 to 2001.	Alan Smithson	17 June 2010
date of death	Thomas Hewitt Key, FRS (20 March 1799 -- 29 November 1875) was an English classical scholar.	Thomas Hewitt Key	29 November 1875
date of death	Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro (21 March 1846 - 23 January 1905) was a Portuguese artist known for his illustration, caricatures, sculpture and ceramics designs, and is considered the first Portuguese comics creator.	Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro	23 January 1905
date of death	William Samuel Cox (1831--1895) was a pioneer of Thoroughbred racing in Australia.	William Samuel Cox	1895
date of death	Gustave Poncelet (1844-1903) was a Belgian clarinetist-saxophonist.	Gustave Poncelet	1903
date of death	Thomas Ewing III (21 May 1862, Leavenworth, Kansas, USA -- 7 December 1942, Yonkers, New York, USA) was the 33rd Commissoner of the U.S. Patent Office, serving between 1913 and 1917.	Thomas Ewing III	7 December 1942
date of death	Pragyananda Mahasthavir (Devanagari: प्रज्ञानन्द महास्थविर) (born Kul Man Singh Tuladhar) (2 May 1900 -- 11 March 1993) was a Nepalese Buddhist monk who was one of the leaders of the revival of Theravada Buddhism in Nepal.	Pragyananda Mahasthavir	11 March 1993
date of death	William Edward Ayrton, FRS (14 September 1847 -- 8 November 1908) was an English physicist and electrical engineer.	William Edward Ayrton	8 November 1908
date of death	Ross Erin Butler, Sr. (/ˈrɒss ˈɪərɛn ˈbʌtlər/; 16 June 1916 -- 3 July 2004) was an officer and original board of directors member of Ore-Ida Foods, and executive board director of Boy Scouts of America's (BSA) Ore-Ida Council for 64 years.	Ross Erin Butler, Sr.	3 July 2004
date of death	Roland-Benoît Jomphe, CM, CQ (1917-2003) was a Quebec poet from the Minganie region of Quebec.	Roland-Benoît Jomphe	2003
date of death	Jane Frazier (formerly Jane Bell and Jane McClain) was born January 1, 1735 in Winchester, Virginia and died April 14, 1815 in Schellsburg, (Bedford Co.) Pennsylvania.	Jane Frazier	1815
date of death	Mahmut Bajraktarević (1909, Sarajevo -- 1985, Bugojno) was a Bosnian mathematician and academician.	Mahmut Bajraktarević	1985
date of death	Charles Larkin (1775--1833) was an auctioneer and electoral reformer from Rochester, South East England.	Charles Larkin	1833
date of death	Gene Derwood (1909--1954) was an American poet, painter and wife of the poet and anthologist Oscar Williams.	Gene Derwood	1954
date of death	Fanny Arthur Robinson (September 1831 -- 31 October 1879) was an English pianist, music educator and composer who spent most of her active career in Dublin, Ireland.	Fanny Arthur Robinson	31 October 1879
date of death	Nuredin Loxha (1935--1992) is a Kosovar Albanian librettist, set designer, production designer and costume designer.	Nuredin Loxha	1992
date of death	K. S. Venkatakrishna Reddiar (1909 -- 14 January 1966) was an Indian politician and activist of the cooperative movement.	K. S. Venkatakrishna Reddiar	14 January 1966
date of death	Richard E. Berlin (1894-1986) was the president and chief executive officer of the Hearst Foundation.	Richard E. Berlin	1986
date of death	Abdul Ghafoor Bhurgri (Sindhi: عبدا لغفورڀرڳڙي ‎) (January 1921 - 10 February 2015), was an eminent lawyer, writer & politician from Larkana Pakistan.	Abdul Ghafoor Bhurgri	10 February 2015
date of death	Johan Kristian Kongstad (1867 -- 1929) was a Danish printer and illustrator.	Kristian Kongstad	1929
date of death	Johannes Laine (18 April 1866, Viipuri - 10 January 1933; original surname Päätiläinen) was a Finnish educationist, school director and politician.	Johannes Laine	10 January 1933
date of death	Ioannis Dimakopoulos (Greek: Ιωάννης Δημακόπουλος, 1833/35--1866) was an officer of the Greek Army from Arcadia.	Ioannis Dimakopoulos	1866
date of death	Alexander Adam (24 June 1741 -- 18 December 1809) was a Scottish teacher and writer on Roman antiquities.	Alexander Adam	18 December 1809
date of death	Major Kenneth Macdonald Beaumont CBE DSO (10 February 1884 -- 24 April 1965) was a British lawyer, Air Service Corps officer, and figure skater.	Kenneth Macdonald Beaumont	24 April 1965
date of death	Penrhyn Grant Jones CBE (1878-1945) was a British judge and diplomat who served in China.	Penrhyn Grant Jones	1945
date of death	Jacob Yost Shantz (2 May 1822 -- 28 October 1909) was a businessman from Ontario who helped Mennonites migrate from Russia to southern Manitoba.	Jacob Yost Shantz	28 October 1909
date of death	Ernest Hanbury Hankin (4 February 1865 -- 29 March 1939), was an English bacteriologist, aeronautical theorist and naturalist.	Ernest Hanbury Hankin	29 March 1939
date of death	Bartolomeo Neroni, also known as Il Riccio or Riccio Sanese (c.1505-1571) was an Italian painter, sculptor, architect and engineer of the Sienese School.	Bartolomeo Neroni	1571
date of death	Marguerite de Sablé, Dame de Sablé (c.1179 -- after June 1238), was a French noblewoman and one of the wealthiest heiresses in the counties of Anjou and Maine.	Marguerite de Sablé	1238
date of death	Bob Benny (18 May 1926 -- 29 March 2011), born Emilius Wagemans, was a Belgian singer and musical theatre performer, who participated in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1959 and 1961.	Bob Benny	29 March 2011
date of death	Elijah Fordham (April 12, 1798 -- 1879) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement, most well known for having been miraculously healed by Joseph Smith in 1839.	Elijah Fordham	1879
date of death	Edward Russell, 3rd Earl of Bedford (20 December 1572 -- 3 May 1627) was the son of Sir Francis Russell, Lord Russell and his wife, Eleanor Forster.	Edward Russell, 3rd Earl of Bedford	3 May 1627
date of death	Billy Amstell (20 August 1911 -- 19 December 2005) was a British jazz reedist.	Billy Amstell	19 December 2005
date of death	Stephen Teglatius (Theglatius, de Taleazis) (Serbian: Stefan Teglatije) (died 1514) served as an Archbishop of Antivari in the late 15th century.	Stephen Teglatius	1514
date of death	Caesar Litton Falkiner (26 September 1863 -- 5 August 1908) was an Irish Unionist Party politician, barrister and a writer on literary and historical topics.	Caesar Litton Falkiner	5 August 1908
date of death	Arne Magnussen (31 March 1884 -- 3 September 1970) was a Norwegian trade unionist, newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and the Social Democratic Labour parties.	Arne Magnussen	1970
date of death	Squadron Leader Lord George Wellesley MC (29 July 1889 -- 31 July 1967) was an English soldier and airman.	Lord George Wellesley	31 July 1967
date of death	Ruth Bleier (1923--1988) was a neurophysiologist who is also one of the first feminist scholars to explore how gender biases have shaped biology.	Ruth Bleier	1988
date of death	Sabinianus Magnus (died 481) was a general of the Eastern Roman Empire, who fought in the rebellion of Theodoric Strabo against Emperor Zeno.	Sabinianus Magnus	481
date of death	Dahd Sfeir (20 July 1932 -- 17 August 2015) was a notable Uruguayan actress of Lebanese descent.	Dahd Sfeir	17 August 2015
date of death	Ken Oosterbroek (14 February 1963 -- 18 April 1994), was a South African photojournalist and member of the Bang-Bang Club.	Ken Oosterbroek	18 April 1994
date of death	Dr. Herbert Sichel (1915 to 1995) was a statistician who made great advances in the areas of both theoretical and applied statistics.	Herbert Sichel	1995
date of death	Colonel Sir John Underwood Bateman-Champain KCMG (22 July 1835 -- 1 February 1887), born Champain, was a British army officer and engineer in India, who was instrumental in laying the first electric telegraph line from Britain to India by way of the Persian Gulf.	John Underwood Bateman-Champain	1 February 1887
date of death	Michael Mallin (Irish: Micheál Ó Mealláin; 1 December 1874 -- 8 May 1916) was an Irish rebel and socialist who took an active role in the 1916 Easter Rising.	Michael Mallin	8 May 1916
date of death	Henry Boyle, 1st Earl of Shannon, PC (Ire) (1682 -- 28 December 1764) was a prominent Irish politician.	Henry Boyle, 1st Earl of Shannon	28 December 1764
date of death	Elizabeth Porter Phelps (1747--1817) was a member of the eighteenth-century rural gentry in western Massachusetts; she is also recognized as an important diarist from late 18th century and early 19th century in Hadley, Massachusetts (USA).	Elizabeth Porter Phelps	1817
date of death	Reuben Ottenberg (1882, New York City - 1959) was an American physician and haematologist, who served Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City with distinction for 50 years.	Reuben Ottenberg	1959
date of death	Howard Breslin (23 December 1912 -- 30 May 1964) was an American novelist and radio script writer.	Howard Breslin	30 May 1964
date of death	Sir John Alan, or Alen (c.1500--1561) was a leading statesman in sixteenth century Ireland.	John Alan	1561
date of death	Arthur Benison Hubback (13 April 1871 -- 8 May 1948) was a British architect and soldier who designed several important buildings in British Malaya.	Arthur Benison Hubback	8 May 1948
date of death	Pope Pius VII (14 August 1742 -- 20 August 1823), born Barnaba Niccolò Maria Luigi Chiaramonti, reigned as Pope from 14 March 1800 to his death in 1823.	Pope Pius VII	20 August 1823
date of death	Antonio Bonazza (1698 -- c. 1762) was an Italian sculptor of the Rococo.	Antonio Bonazza	1762
date of death	John Leslie Breck (1859 - 1899) was an American artist who died at the age of 39.	John Leslie Breck	1899
date of death	Franciscus Xaverius Seda, AM (4 October 1926 -- 31 December 2009), popularly known as Frans Seda, was an Indonesian finance minister in the early days of Suharto's presidency.	Frans Seda	31 December 2009
date of death	Ida Silverman (31 October 1882 -- 1 November 1973) was a Jewish philanthropist, who with her husband helped found approximately 100 synagogues, mostly in Israel.	Ida Silverman	1 November 1973
date of death	Aleksy Ćwiakowski (1885 -- 4 August 1953) was a Polish political activist of the 1920s whose influence rested in his status as the co-founder and leader of the country's monarchist movement.	Aleksy Ćwiakowski	4 August 1953
date of death	María Turgenova (1900-1972) was a Spanish actress, singer and vedette, as a well as an Argentine silent film star.	María Turgenova	1972
date of death	Linda Gilbert (13 May 1847 Rochester, New York -- 24 October 1895 Mount Vernon, New York) was a prison reformer.	Linda Gilbert	24 October 1895
date of death	Jaime Guadalupe González Domínguez (1975 -- 3 March 2013) was a Mexican journalist and director of the online news portal Ojinaga Noticias, which shut down shortly after he was assassinated.	Jaime Guadalupe González Domínguez	3 March 2013
date of death	Christopher Wandesford (24 September 1592 -- 3 December 1640) was an English administrator and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1629.	Christopher Wandesford	3 December 1640
date of death	Efisio Melis (1890--1970) was a Sardinian folk musician.	Efisio Melis	1970
date of death	Mary Gartside (active 1781--1809) was an English water colourist and colour theorist.	Mary Gartside	1809
date of death	Sir Christopher Danby (1503-1571), of Farnley, Masham and Thorpe Perrow, Yorkshire;	Christopher Danby	1571
date of death	Sir Gilbert Roberts (18 February 1899 - 1 January 1978) was a British civil engineer.	Gilbert Roberts	1 January 1978
date of death	Zsolt Vadaszffy, (3 April 1937 -- 3 May 2008) was a Hungarian foil fencer.	Zsolt Vadaszffy	3 May 2008
date of death	Babu Varghese (born 28 January 1951, Kerala, India; died 18 October 2011) helped to make the South Indian state of Kerala, and in particular the image of houseboats on the Kerala backwaters, a notable tourist destination.	Babu Varghese	18 October 2011
date of death	James William Slessor Marr (1902 -- 30 April 1965) was a Scottish marine biologist and polar explorer.	James William Slessor Marr	30 April 1965
date of death	Allan McHardy (28 November 1914 -- 25 March 1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Allan McHardy	25 March 1986
date of death	Amedeo Saluzzo (1361-28 June 1419) was a cardinal during the Western Schism.	Amedeo Saluzzo	28 June 1419
date of death	Frederick Joss (born Vienna1908, died Hong Kong 1967) was a political caricaturist, satirist, cartoonist, author and adventurer.	Frederick Joss	1967
date of death	Sima Ying (司馬穎) (279--306), courtesy name Zhangdu (章度), was a Jin Dynasty (265-420) imperial prince who served briefly as his brother Emperor Hui's regent and crown prince.	Sima Ying	306
date of death	William E. Parsons (1872-1939) was an architect and city planner known for his works in the Philippines during the early period of American colonization in the country.	William E. Parsons	1939
date of death	Matteo Vittucci (1919--2011) was an American dancer, choreographer, teacher, and scholar.	Matteo Vittucci	2011
date of death	William Henry Benson (1803, probably in Dublin - 27 January 1870) was a civil servant in British India and an amateur malacologist.	William Henry Benson	27 January 1870
date of death	Colonel Sir Vivian Dering Majendie KCB, CB, RA (1836 -- 1898) was one of the first bomb disposal experts and Chief Inspector of Explosives to Queen Victoria from 1871 until his death in 1898.	Vivian Dering Majendie	1898
date of death	Pir Sultan Abdal (ca. 1480--1550) was a Turkish Alevi poet, whose direct and clear language as well as the richness of his imagination and the beauty of his verses led him to become loved among the Turkish people.	Pir Sultan Abdal	1550
date of death	Reginald Robin Farquharson (3 October 1930 -- 1 April 1973) was an academic whose interest in mathematics and politics led him to work on game theory.	Robin Farquharson	1 April 1973
date of death	John Abley (1 October 1930 -- 19 August 2011) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) between 1950 and 1961.	John Abley	19 August 2011
date of death	Ragenfrid (also Ragenfred, Raganfrid, or Ragamfred) (died 731) was the mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy from 715, when he filled the vacuum in Neustria caused by the death of Pepin of Heristal, until 718, when Charles Martel finally established himself over the whole Frankish kingdom.	Ragenfrid	731
date of death	Robert Brandling (1575--1636) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622.	Robert Brandling	1636
date of death	Sir James Timmins Chance, 1st Baronet (22 March 1814 -- 6 January 1902) was an English industrialist, philanthropist, director of the London and North Western Railway, and an expert in lighthouse optics.	James Timmins Chance	6 January 1902
date of death	Jean Hyacinthe de Magellan (Portuguese: João Jacinto de Magalhães) (1723--1790) was a Portuguese natural philosopher.	Jean Hyacinthe de Magellan	1790
date of death	Faidiva of Toulouse (unknown -- 1154), was a Countess Consort of Savoy; married in 1151 to Humbert III, Count of Savoy.	Faidiva of Toulouse	1154
date of death	Martin Szentiványi (born at Szentiván (Liptovský Ján), 20 October 1633; died at Nagyszombat (Trnava), 5 March 1708) was a polymathic Hungarian or Slovak Jesuit writer.	Martin Szentiványi	1708
date of death	Antoine Massoulié (born at Toulouse, 28 October 1632; died at Rome, 23 January 1706) was a French Dominican theologian.	Antoine Massoulié	23 January 1706
date of death	Madhav S Shinde (Marathi: माधव एस शिंदे) (c. 1929 -- 28 September 2012), credited as M. S. Shinde, was a Bollywood film editor who edited over 100 films, notably the cult hit Sholay (1975).	M. S. Shinde	28 September 2012
date of death	Sir Edmund Shaa or Shaw (died 20 April 1488) was a London goldsmith, Sheriff of London in 1475 and Lord Mayor of London in 1482.	Edmund Shaa	20 April 1488
date of death	Mother Frances Mary Teresa Ball (born in Dublin 9 January 1794; died 19 May 1861) was the foundress of the Irish Branch of the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary (IBVM).	Frances Mary Teresa Ball	19 May 1861
date of death	R. T. Layton (16 April 1884 -- 3 November 1941) was an English special effects artist.	R. T. Layton	3 November 1941
date of death	John Dawson, 2nd Earl of Portarlington (26 February 1781 -- 28 December 1845) was a British Army officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars.	John Dawson, 2nd Earl of Portarlington	28 December 1845
date of death	Gherardello da Firenze (also Niccolò di Francesco or Ghirardellus de Florentia) (c. 1320-1325 -- 1362 or 1363) was an Italian composer of the Trecento.	Gherardello da Firenze	1362
date of death	Irene Grootboom (c. 1969 -- 2008) was a South African housing rights activist best known for her victory before the Constitutional Court in 2000.	Irene Grootboom	2008
date of death	Sidney Perley (1858 -- 1928) was a lawyer, writer, poet, author, editor, and historian.	Sidney Perley	1928
date of death	Einar Sæter (6 December 1917 -- 10 November 2010) was a Norwegian triple jumper, resistance member, newspaper editor and writer.	Einar Sæter	10 November 2010
date of death	Ma Linyi (1864--1938) was a Chinese Muslim born in Hunan province during the Qing Dynasty.	Ma Linyi	1938
date of death	Thomas Arthur Nelson (died on 9 April 1917, aged 40) was a Scottish rugby union player, in business as a book publisher.	Thomas Arthur Nelson	9 April 1917
date of death	Béla Sebestyén (23 January 1885 -- 19 December 1959) was a Hungarian international footballer who played as a winger.	Béla Sebestyén	19 December 1959
date of death	Percy John Daniell (9 January 1889 -- 25 May 1946) was a pure and applied mathematician.	Percy John Daniell	25 May 1946
date of death	Fernando Bengoetxea Altuna (1764 - 1823), commonly known as Pernando Amezketarra or--not so often--	Pernando Amezketarra	1823
date of death	Wacław Zagórski, nom-de-guerre ``Lech Grzybowski'' (1909--1982) was a Polish lawyer, soldier, a participant in the Warsaw Uprising with the rank of captain and a commander in the famous Chrobry II Battalion.	Wacław Zagórski	1982
date of death	Rita Abatzi (also spelled Abadzi; Greek: Ρίτα Αμπατζή) (1914 -- 17 June 1969) was a Greek rebetiko musician who began her career in the first part of the 1930s.	Rita Abatzi	17 June 1969
date of death	Edward I'Anson (1812--1888) was an English architect who became a leading designer of commercial buildings in the City of London.	Edward I'Anson	1888
date of death	Carlo Giannini (10 July 1948, Brescia -- 11 September 2004, Pavia) was an econometrician and mathematical economist who taught at the Universities of Ancona, Bergamo, Calabria, Milan and Pavia during the period 1976--2004.	Carlo Giannini	2004
date of death	George W. Snyder (1780-1841) was a watchmaker and inventor.	George W. Snyder	1841
date of death	Flavius Appallius Illus Trocundus (Greek: Τρὁκονδος; died 485) was a general of the Eastern Roman Empire, involved in the rise and fall of Emperor Basiliscus and the rebellion against Emperor Zeno.	Trocundus	485
date of death	Agnes Okoh (1905--1995) was a Nigerian, an Igbo of humble origin, who became a Christian evangelist.	Agnes Okoh	1995
date of death	Jon Eydmann (1968 -- 2 September 2009) was a British band manager and music executive.	Jon Eydmann	2 September 2009
date of death	Edmund Davall (London, 1763 -- Orbe, 26 September 1798) was a Swiss-English botanist.	Edmund Davall	1798
date of death	Matteo Carcassi (1792 -- 16 January 1853) was a famous Italian guitarist and composer.	Matteo Carcassi	16 January 1853
date of death	Sir Arthur Moseley Channell, QC (13 November 1838 - 4 October 1928) was an English rower and High Court judge.	Arthur Moseley Channell	4 October 1928
date of death	Arnold Fitz Thedmar (August 9, 1201 -- 1274 or 1275) was a London chronicler and merchant; he was born in London.	Arnold Fitz Thedmar	1274
date of death	Saint Ermelinde (born 510 in Lovenjoel, died 590 in Meldert), is a Brabant Saint of the 6th century.	Ermelinde	590
date of death	John Wakeman (died 1549) was an English Benedictine, the last Abbot of Tewkesbury and first Bishop of Gloucester, both posts in the English county of Gloucestershire.	John Wakeman	1549
date of death	Stephen Slaughter (baptised 1697, died 1765) was an English portrait painter.	Stephen Slaughter	1765
date of death	Dorothy Wadham (née Petre) (1534/1535 -- 16 May 1618) was the wife of Nicholas Wadham (1531-1609) of Merryfield, Ilton, Somerset, and of Edge, Branscombe in Devon, and as his widow in pursuance of his wishes, was the foundress of Wadham College, Oxford.	Dorothy Wadham	1618
date of death	Brigadier General William Kaye Legge CMG DSO (1869-1946) was a senior British Army officer during the First World War.	William Kaye Legge	1946
date of death	Trần Minh Tông (4 September 1300 -- 10 March 1357), given name Trần Mạnh (陳奣), was the fifth emperor of the Trần dynasty who ruled Đại Việt from 1314 to 1329.	Trần Minh Tông	10 March 1357
date of death	Alexander Fuks (Breslau, German Empire, 30 May 1917 -- 29 November 1978) was a German-born, later Israeli historian, archaeologist and papyrologist.	Alexander Fuks	29 November 1978
date of death	Hillel Yaffe (1864--1936) (Hebrew: הלל יפה‎) was a Russian Jewish physician and Zionist leader who immigrated to Palestine during the First Aliyah.	Hillel Yaffe	1936
date of death	Dominic Chacko Kizhakemuri (born 12 January 1914 -- 26 January 1999), better known as D. C. Kizhakemuri, was a well-known writer, activist, freedom-fighter and book publisher from Kerala.	D. C. Kizhakemuri	1999
date of death	St. George Richard Gore (26 March 1812 -- 16 August 1871) was a grazier and politician in colonial Queensland, a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly and, later, the Queensland Legislative Council.	St. George Richard Gore	16 August 1871
date of death	Colin Niven (6 September 1903 - 1 December 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Colin Niven	1 December 1968
date of death	George Abbotts or Abbot (1602 -- 1645) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1640 and 1645.	George Abbotts	1645
date of death	François Desjordy Moreau de Cabanac (1666--1726) was a soldier, seigneur and administrator in New France.	François Desjordy Moreau de Cabanac	1726
date of death	Abdolmajid Pirzadeh Jahromi (better known as Majid Pirzad, 1954--1976) was an Iranian political activist.	Abdolmajid Pirzadeh Jahromi	1976
date of death	Louis François Auguste Souleyet (8 January 1811 -- 7 October 1852) was a French zoologist, malacologist and naval surgeon.	Louis François Auguste Souleyet	1852
date of death	Nikolaos Zervas (Greek: Νικόλαος Ζέρβας, 1800--1869) was a Greek revolutionary and Army general.	Nikolaos Zervas	1869
date of death	Bartholomew Legate (c. 1575 -- 18 March 1612) was an English anti-Trinitarian martyr.	Bartholomew Legate	18 March 1612
date of death	Francisco Vázquez Gómez (23 September 1860 -- 16 August 1933) served as personal physician to Mexican president Porfirio Díaz, as Minister of Public Instruction to President Francisco León de la Barra and as a running mate to Francisco I. Madero during the 1910 presidential elections.	Francisco Vázquez Gómez	16 August 1933
date of death	Professor Julius Jolly (28 December 1849 - 24 April 1932) was a German scholar and translator of Indian law and medicine.	Julius Jolly	24 April 1932
date of death	Suryavarman I (Khmer: សូរ្យវរ្ម័នទី១; posthumously Nirvanapada) was king of the Khmer Empire from 1006 to 1050.	Suryavarman I	1050
date of death	John Maxwell, 1st Baron Farnham (1687 -- 6 August 1759) was an Irish peer and politician.	John Maxwell, 1st Baron Farnham	6 August 1759
date of death	Ján Zimmer (16 May 1926 -- 21 January 1993) was a Slovak post-romantic composer and pianist.	Ján Zimmer	21 January 1993
date of death	Carl Hoffmann (1885--1947) was a German cinematographer and film director.	Carl Hoffmann	1947
date of death	Thomas Coventry, 2nd Earl of Coventry (died August 1710) was an English peer and member of the House of Lords, styled Hon. Thomas Coventry from 1685 to 1697 and Viscount Deerhurst until 1699.	Thomas Coventry, 2nd Earl of Coventry	1710
date of death	Nicholas Austin (1736-1821) was one of the first Quakers in the province of Quebec and the founder of a Quaker settlement named Austin in Bolton Township, Brome County, Quebec, ``on the west side of Lake Memphremagog in the 1790s.''	Nicholas Austin	1821
date of death	Gervase Parker Bushe (1744 --13 August 1793) was an Irish landowner and MP.	Gervase Parker Bushe	13 August 1793
date of death	Charles Sedelmeyer (1837--1925) was an Austrian art dealer, collector, and publisher active in Paris from 1866, with premises at 6 rue de la Rochefoucauld.	Charles Sedelmeyer	1925
date of death	Takashi Shimokawara (July 25, 1907 -- March 11, 2011) was a Japanese centinarian from Kamaishi, Iwate.	Takashi Shimokawara	2011
date of death	Carlos Manuel de Céspedes y García-Menocal (16 July 1936 -- 3 January 2014) was a Cuban Roman Catholic priest, theologian and writer.	Carlos Manuel de Céspedes y García-Menocal	3 January 2014
date of death	Martin Martin (Scottish Gaelic: Màrtainn Màrtainn) (? -- 9 October 1718) was a Scottish writer best known for his work A Description of the Western Islands of Scotland (1703; second edition 1716).	Martin Martin	1718
date of death	Gábor Tánczos (22 January 1872 - 11 August 1953) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1919 for few days.	Gábor Tánczos	11 August 1953
date of death	Lieutenant-General Lord William Henry Cavendish-Bentinck GCB GCH PC (14 September 1774 -- 17 June 1839), known as Lord William Bentinck, was a British soldier and statesman.	Lord William Bentinck	17 June 1839
date of death	John Lancelot Blades Percival, known as Lance Percival (26 July 1933 -- 6 January 2015), was an English actor, comedian and singer, best known for his appearances in satirical comedy shows of the early 1960s and his ability to improvise comic calypsos about current news stories.	Lance Percival	6 January 2015
date of death	Rolland Fisher (1900-1982) was a minister and evangelist who actively promoted the temperance movement.	Rolland Fisher	1982
date of death	Yehiel Segal (1924 --1996) (Hebrew: יחיאל סגל‎) was an Israeli painter.	Yehiel Segal	1996
date of death	SS-Unterscharführer Paul Bredow (1902 -- December 1945) was a member of the German SS in World War II and Holocaust perpetrator who worked at Treblinka extermination camp during the Operation Reinhard phase of the Holocaust in Poland.	Paul Bredow	December 1945
date of death	Thomas Wainfleet (by 1463--1515), of Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.	Thomas Wainfleet	1515
date of death	James Lionel Michael (October 1824 -- 26 April 1868) was an Anglo-Australian solicitor and poet.	James Lionel Michael	26 April 1868
date of death	Dora Askowith (1884--1958) was a college professor, author and historian.	Dora Askowith	1958
date of death	Paul Buissière or Bussière (died 1739) was a French surgeon and anatomist, who settled in England.	Paul Buissière	1739
date of death	Lieutenant Emil Meinecke (20 July 1892 -- 2 May 1975) was a German flying ace during World War I. Post war, he stayed in aviation, rising to the post of chief test pilot for Fokker.	Emil Meinecke	2 May 1975
date of death	Elena Meissner also called Elena Buznea-Meissner, (born Elena Buznea; 1867--1940) was a Romanian feminist and suffragist.	Elena Meissner	1940
date of death	Mavis Doering (1929--2007) was a Cherokee Nation basketmaker from Oklahoma.	Mavis Doering	2007
date of death	Nguyễn Bình born Nguyễn Phương Thảo (1906-1951) was a Lieutenant-general in the Viet Minh.	Nguyễn Bình	1951
date of death	Ïnanch Sonqur (died 1169) was the amir of Ray from 1160 at the latest until his death.	Ïnanch Sonqur	1169
date of death	Michael Lachanodrakon (Greek: Μιχαήλ Λαχανοδράκων; died 20 July 792) was a distinguished Byzantine general and fanatical supporter of Byzantine Iconoclasm under Emperor Constantine V (r. 741--775).	Michael Lachanodrakon	792
date of death	Halvdan Eyvind Stokke (20 November 1900 -- 15 December 1977), birth name Halvdan Eyvind Johannessen, commonly known as H. E. Stokke was a Norwegian railway director and politician.	H. E. Stokke	15 December 1977
date of death	Sigmund Feyling (8 May 1895 -- 1980) was a priest who served as a civil servant representing Nasjonal Samling during the Second World War.	Sigmund Feyling	1980
date of death	Thomas Charles (14 October 1755 -- 5 October 1814) was a Welsh Calvinistic Methodist clergyman of considerable importance in the history of modern Wales.	Thomas Charles	5 October 1814
date of death	John Lagey (20 April 1920 -- 19 January 1994), better known by his ring name Johnny Kwango, was an English professional wrestler.	Johnny Kwango	19 January 1994
date of death	Harry Newbound (25 September 1881 -- 2 October 1961) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Newbound	2 October 1961
date of death	Ernestine Hill (21 January 1899 -- 21 August 1972) was an Australian journalist, travel writer and novelist.	Ernestine Hill	1972
date of death	Dimitrie Cornea (1816--1884) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from April 4, 1876 until April 26, 1876 during the existence of United Principalities.	Dimitrie Cornea	1884
date of death	Antonio DeVity (1901--1993), born Reggio Calbria, was an Italian painter born in Naples.	Antonio DeVity	1993
date of death	Dora Thewlis (1890--1976) was a British suffragette.	Dora Thewlis	1976
date of death	Matthew Barker (1619 in Great Cransley, Northamptonshire -- 25 March 1698 in London) was an English Independent minister and parliamentarian, known for his work on natural theology and for his participation in English 17th-century politics.	Matthew Barker	25 March 1698
date of death	K. P. Kittappa Pillai (May 5, 1913 -- 1999) was the son of Sangita Kalanidhi Sri K. Ponniah Pillai, a scion of the famous Tanjore Quartet, codifiers of the Bharatanatyam format.	K. P. Kittappa Pillai	1999
date of death	Subha Devakul (also known as Supa Devaku) (1928 -- 1993) was a Thai writer.	Subha Devakul	1993
date of death	Henri Paul (3 July 1956 -- 31 August 1997) was the driver of the Mercedes S280 in which Princess Diana died on 31 August 1997.	Henri Paul	31 August 1997
date of death	George Gall Sim CSI CIE (17 January 1878 -- 20 August 1930) was a British administrator in India and later a businessman.	George Gall Sim	20 August 1930
date of death	Colonel Charles R. Ray (September 14, 1938 -- January 18, 1982) was a US Army officer and Assistant Army Attaché stationed in Paris.	Charles R. Ray	1982
date of death	Umberto Abronzino (16 November 1920 -- 1 July 2006) was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1971 for his lifelong dedication to building the sport of soccer.	Umberto Abronzino	1 July 2006
date of death	Frederick Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Denmark (Danish: Arveprins Ferdinand) (22 November 1792 -- 29 June 1863) was grandson of King Frederick V and heir presumptive to the throne from 1848 until his death.	Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Denmark	29 June 1863
date of death	William Edward Soothill (1861 -- 1935) was a Methodist missionary to China who later became Professor of Chinese at Oxford University and a leading British sinologist.	William Edward Soothill	1935
date of death	Pietro Martellanza (30 September 1938 -- 1 February 2010), best known as Peter Martell, was an Italian film actor, best known for his roles in Spaghetti westerns.	Peter Martell	1 February 2010
date of death	Klaus Grawe (29 April 1943 -- 10 July 2005) was a German psychotherapeutic researcher.	Klaus Grawe	10 July 2005
date of death	Edward Tangye Lean (23 February 1911 -- 28 October 1974) was a British author and original founder of the Inklings literary club in Oxford.	Edward Tangye Lean	28 October 1974
date of death	Val Crawley (14 February 1887 -- 31 August 1946) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Val Crawley	31 August 1946
date of death	Dirk Hubers (Amersfoort, 24 September 1913 -- Guanajuato, 1 November 2003) was a Dutch ceramist, who lived and worked in Bergen, North Holland and since 1958 in the United States.	Dirk Hubers	1 November 2003
date of death	Roy Alon (1942 -- 1 February 2006) was a British stuntman.	Roy Alon	1 February 2006
date of death	Dan Henry (1913-2012) is the inventor of directional pavement markings commonly used to guide participants along the route of organized bicycling events.	Dan Henry	2012
date of death	John MacDonald of Garth (1771 -- 25 January 1866) was a colourful character involved in the Canadian fur trade.	John MacDonald of Garth	25 January 1866
date of death	Tom McCaffrey (21 December 1905 -- 5 February 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom McCaffrey	5 February 1975
date of death	Uberto Coconati (Cocconato, de Coconatis) (died 13 July 1276), a Roman Catholic Cardinal, was born at Asti in the Piedmont region of Italy, a member of the family of the Counts of Cocconato, who were vassals of the Marchese di Monferrato.	Uberto Coconati	13 July 1276
date of death	Pedro Espinosa Lorenzo (1934--2007) was a Spanish pianist and pedagogue.	Pedro Espinosa Lorenzo	2007
date of death	Bernard de Lavinheta (died c. 1530) was a Basque Franciscan from Béarn, known as a teacher of the methods of Raymond Lull.	Bernard de Lavinheta	1530
date of death	William Kean Seymour (1887--1975) was a British writer, by profession a bank manager.	William Kean Seymour	1975
date of death	Alexander Murray of Elibank (9 December 1712 -- 27 February 1778) was the fourth son of Alexander Murray, 4th Lord Elibank and brother of Patrick Murray, 5th Lord Elibank.	Alexander Murray of Elibank	27 February 1778
date of death	Douglas Bunn (1 March 1928 - 16 June 2009) was a British barrister, businessman and founder and chairman of the All England Jumping Course at Hickstead.	Douglas Bunn	16 June 2009
date of death	Robert Needham Cust (21 February 1821 -- 27 October 1909) was a British colonial administrator and linguist.	Robert Needham Cust	1909
date of death	Julie Ege (Norwegian pronunciation: (jʉːliə ˈeːɡə); 12 November 1943 -- 29 April 2008) was a Norwegian actress and model.	Julie Ege	29 April 2008
date of death	Cristóbal de Rojas (1555 in Baeza -- 1614 in Cadiz) was a Spanish military engineer and architect.	Cristóbal de Rojas	1614
date of death	Gertrud Vasegaard, née Hjorth, (1913--2007) was a Danish ceramist, remembered above all for her tea set (1956) which was included in the Danish Culture Canon.	Gertrud Vasegaard	2007
date of death	Sidney Godolphin, 1st Earl of Godolphin KG PC (15 June 1645 -- 15 September 1712) was a leading British politician of the late 17th and early 18th centuries.	Sidney Godolphin, 1st Earl of Godolphin	15 September 1712
date of death	Ernest Redford Ketcheson (November 30, 1875 -- 1938) was a farmer, merchant, civil official and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Ernest Redford Ketcheson	1938
date of death	George Wood, better known as Wee Georgie Wood, (17 December 1894 in Jarrow, County Durham -- 19 February 1979) was a British actor and comedian who appeared in films, plays and music hall revues.	Wee Georgie Wood	19 February 1979
date of death	John Maxwell, 8th Lord Maxwell (24 April 1553 -- 7 December 1593) was a Scottish Catholic nobleman.	John Maxwell, 8th Lord Maxwell	7 December 1593
date of death	Giuseppe Bruno (30 June 1875 -- 10 November 1954) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Secretary of the Sacred Congregation of the Council and as Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura.	Giuseppe Bruno	10 November 1954
date of death	Eliezer Karpeles was an Austrian rabbi; born at Prague about 1754; died 27 April 1832 at Libeň, near Prague.	Eliezer Karpeles	27 April 1832
date of death	Shem Tov ibn Shem Tov (c. 1390 -- c. 1440) (Hebrew: שם טוב אבן שם טוב) was a Spanish kabbalist and fierce opponent of rationalistic philosophy.	Shem Tov ibn Shem Tov	1440
date of death	Josef Moriggl (1841--1908) was a master woodcarver and teacher whose work covered both religious and folk themes.	Josef Moriggl	1908
date of death	Wang Xu (王緒) (d. 886) was a warlord the late Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Guang Prefecture (光州, in modern Xinyang, Henan) as its prefect from 881 to 885.	Wang Xu	886
date of death	James Hla Kyaw (1866-1919), also known as U Hla Kyaw (Burmese: ဦးလှကျော်), was a pioneer Burmese novelist and author of the first Burmese novel titled Maung Yin Maung, Ma Me Ma.	James Hla Kyaw	1919
date of death	Giuseppe Maria Bozzi (6 January 1772 - 14 December 1833) was an Italian priest who became Bishop of Mantua, based in the city of Mantua, Italy.	Giuseppe Maria Bozzi	14 December 1833
date of death	Gheorghe Briceag (15 April 1928 -- 16 August 2008) was a Moldovan human rights activist notable for his opposition to Soviet rule.	Gheorghe Briceag	16 August 2008
date of death	Johan Samuelsen (29 April 1882 -- 28 May 1943) was a Norwegian shoemaker, trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party and Social Democratic Labour parties.	Johan Samuelsen	28 May 1943
date of death	Clifford Frank de Grey (1918--2007), better known as Slim De Grey was an English-Australian actor, compere, musician and comedian.	Slim De Grey	2007
date of death	Vasant Desai went back home on 22 December 1975 after a full day recording of a special musical programme at HMV Studios attended by high profile musicians as it was in praise of Indira Gandhi.	Vasant Desai	22 December 1975
date of death	Robert Moresby (15 June 1794 -- 15 June 1854) was a captain of the East India Company's Bombay Marine/Indian Navy who distinguished himself as a hydrographer, maritime surveyor and draughtsman.	Robert Moresby	15 June 1854
date of death	Oliver John Nilsen CBE JP(17 August 1884 -- 24 October 1977) was a businessman and Lord Mayor of Melbourne.	Oliver John Nilsen	24 October 1977
date of death	Maelsuthan Ua Cerbhail, Maelsuthain O'Carroll, or Maelsuthain O'Cearbhail (d. 1010) was a political and academic figure in medieval Ireland.	Maelsuthan Ua Cerbhail	1010
date of death	Sir William Tennant Gairdner (8 November 1824 -- 28 June 1907) was a Professor of Medicine in the University of Glasgow.	William Tennant Gairdner	28 June 1907
date of death	Guglielmo Achille Cavellini (11 September 1914 -- 20 November 1990), also known as GAC, was an Italian artist and art collector.	Guglielmo Achille Cavellini	20 November 1990
date of death	Bartolomeo Ignazio Capello (Borgo di Valsugana, Trento, Italy, 1689 - 1768) was an Italian painter in a late Baroque style.	Bartolomeo Ignazio Capello	1768
date of death	Sir Erasmus Henry Dryden, 5th Baronet (1669--1710) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	Sir Erasmus Henry Dryden, 5th Baronet	1710
date of death	Charles Codman Cabot (November 22, 1900 -- 1976) was an American judge of the Supreme Court of Massachusetts.	Charles Codman Cabot	1976
date of death	Admiral Sir Clement Moody KCB (1891--1960) was a Royal Navy who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, East Indies Station.	Clement Moody	1960
date of death	Peter Rouw II (17 April 1771-- 9 December 1852) was a London-based sculptor specialising in bas-reliefs in marble, often in the form of mural church monuments, and in wax miniature portraits, often of a pink hue on black glass.	Peter Rouw	9 December 1852
date of death	Aurora Nilsson, also known as Rora Asim Khan (Västerhaninge 1 January 1894 - Södertälje 1972), was a Swedish writer who became known for her autobiographical novel about her experiences in Afghanistan during her marriage to an Afghan diplomat, Asim Khan, in the 1920s.	Aurora Nilsson	1972
date of death	Edward Teach or Edward Thatch (c. 1680 -- 22 November 1718), better known as Blackbeard, was a notorious English pirate who operated around the West Indies and the eastern coast of the American colonies.	Blackbeard	22 November 1718
director	Benvenuti al Sud (English: Welcome to the South) is an Italian comedy film directed by Luca Miniero.	Benvenuti al Sud	Luca Miniero
director	Waarish (Bengali: ওয়ারিশ) is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Kaushik Ganguly.	Waarish	Kaushik Ganguly
director	His Lordship is a 1932 British musical comedy film directed by Michael Powell.	His Lordship	Michael Powell
director	Xuxa Requebra (English: Xuxa Gets Down) is a 1999 Brazilian film, directed by Tizuka Yamasaki and starring Xuxa Meneghel and Daniel.	Xuxa Requebra	Tizuka Yamasaki
director	New Waterford Girl is a Canadian drama-comedy film, released in 1999, directed by Allan Moyle, and written by Tricia Fish.	New Waterford Girl	Allan Moyle
director	Kajra Mohabbat Wala is the first movie produced and directed by Harish Jaiswal from his production house named P J Films Productions.	Kajra Mohabbat Wala	Harish Jaiswal
director	Trapped in the Closet is a rap opera by American R&B singer R. Kelly, which currently consists of 33 ``chapters'' released from 2005 to 2012.	Trapped in the Closet	R. Kelly
director	Father Won't Allow It (German:Papa kann's nicht lassen) is a 1921 German silent comedy film directed by Erich Schönfelder.	Father Won't Allow It	Erich Schönfelder
director	Puthukavithai is a Tamil film is directed by SP. Muthuraman.	Puthukavithai	SP. Muthuraman
director	Manik Jodi (1963) (Odia: ମାଣିକ ଯୋଡ଼ି) is an Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee	Manik Jodi	Prabhat Mukherjee
director	Salaam Kashmier (Malayalam: സലാം കാശ്മീർ) is a Malayalam action drama film directed by Joshiy and produced by Mahaa Subair for Varnachithra.	Salaam Kashmier	Joshiy
director	Evil Aliens is a British slapstick horror-comedy film directed by Jake West, in the tradition of films such as Braindead, House, and Evil Dead.	Evil Aliens	Jake West
director	The Peak Scaler (German:Gipfelstürmer) is a 1933 German drama film directed by Franz Wenzler and starring Franz Schmid, Walter Krieger and Mizzl Bardorf.	The Peak Scaler	Franz Wenzler
director	Beijing Bastards (simplified Chinese: 北京杂种; traditional Chinese: 北京雜种; pinyin: Běijīng Zázhǒng) is a 1993 drama film by sixth generation director Zhang Yuan, and is one of the first independently produced Chinese films.	Beijing Bastards	Zhang Yuan
director	The Elusive Avengers (Russian: Неуловимые мстители, translit. Neulovimye mstiteli) is a 1966 Soviet adventure film directed by Edmond Keosayan and made by Mosfilm.	The Elusive Avengers	Edmond Keosayan
director	I Can't Go Home is a 2007 Lebanese film and the third film directed by Joana Hadjithomas and Khalil Joreige.	I Can't Go Home	Joana Hadjithomas	Khalil Joreige
director	Hurdy-Gurdy Hare is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short, copyrighted in 1948 and released in 1950 and re-issued in 1961 as a Blue Ribbon, which is directed by Robert McKimson and written by Warren Foster.	Hurdy-Gurdy Hare	Robert McKimson
director	Building Bombs is a 1991 American documentary film produced and directed by Mark Mori and Susan J. Robinson.	Building Bombs	Mark Mori
director	Racketeers of the Range is a 1939 American western film directed by D. Ross Lederman from a screenplay by Oliver Drake, based on Bernard McConville's story.	Racketeers of the Range	D. Ross Lederman
director	Rakht (English: Blood) is a 2004 Indian supernatural horror film, written and directed by Mahesh Manjrekar.	Rakht	Mahesh Manjrekar
director	Dodging the Dole is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Roy Barbour, Dan Young and Jenny Howard.	Dodging the Dole	John E. Blakeley
director	Beware of Loose Women (German:Hütet euch vor leichten Frauen) is a 1929 German silent film directed by Siegfried Philippi and starring Rudolf Lettinger, André Mattoni and Margarete Schön.	Beware of Loose Women	Siegfried Philippi
director	Always Brando is a 2011 film directed by Tunisian director Ridha Behi.	Always Brando	Ridha Behi
director	The Sender is a 1982 horror film directed by Roger Christian and written by Thomas Baum.	The Sender	Roger Christian
director	Bhakta Kumbara (Kannada: ಭಕ್ತ ಕುಂಬಾರ) is a 1974 Indian Kannada film directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy.	Bhakta Kumbara	Hunsur Krishnamurthy
director	The Law and Jake Wade is a 1958 Metrocolor western released by MGM in CinemaScope, based on the 1956 novel by Marvin H. Albert and directed by John Sturges.	The Law and Jake Wade	John Sturges
director	Guns of War (Serbo-Croatian: Užička republika/Ужичка република, meaning ``Republic of Užice'') is a 1974 Yugoslav film directed by Žika Mitrović.	Guns of War	Žika Mitrović
director	Orphan of the Pecos is a 1937 American Western film produced and directed by Sam Katzman and starring Tom Tyler, Jeanne Martel, Howard Bryant, and Forrest Taylor.	Orphan of the Pecos	Sam Katzman
director	Straight-Jacket is a 2004 comedy film written and directed by Richard Day, based on his play.	Straight-Jacket	Richard Day
director	Das Vermächtnis des Inka, also known as Legacy of the Incas, is a 1965 Spanish, Italian and German adventure film directed by Georg Marischka.	Das Vermächtnis des Inka	Georg Marischka
director	A Sweet Scent of Death (Spanish: Un dulce olor a muerte) is a 1999 Mexican drama film directed by Gabriel Retes based on the novel of the same name by Guillermo Arriaga who also wrote the screenplay.	A Sweet Scent of Death	Gabriel Retes
director	The Fighting American is a surviving 1924 silent film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by Tom Forman.	The Fighting American	Tom Forman
director	Velayudham is a 2011 Indian Tamil masala film written and directed by M. Raja.	Velayudham	M. Raja
director	Cross Shot (originally titled La legge violenta della squadra anticrimine) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi.	Cross Shot	Stelvio Massi
director	Confession of a Child of the Century (French: La confession d'un enfant du siècle) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Sylvie Verheyde.	Confession of a Child of the Century	Sylvie Verheyde
director	The Sin Ship is a 1931 Pre-code drama film produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and directed by the actor Louis Wolheim in his only directorial effort.	The Sin Ship	Louis Wolheim
director	Sathyam Shivam Sundaram (Kannada: ಸತ್ಯಂ ಶಿವಂ ಸುಂದರಂ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by G. R. K. Raju.	Sathyam Shivam Sundaram	K. S. R. Das
director	Hello Caesar! (German:Halloh - Caesar!) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Schünzel, Mary Nolan and Wilhelm Diegelmann.	Hello Caesar!	Reinhold Schünzel
director	Om Jai Jagadish is a 2002 Bollywood film directed by Anupam Kher and was his directorial debut.	Om Jai Jagadish	Anupam Kher
director	Road to Perdition is a 2002 American crime thriller film directed by Sam Mendes.	Road to Perdition	Sam Mendes
director	The Wonders of Aladdin (Italian: Le meraviglie di Aladino) is a 1961 Italian fantasy film directed by Mario Bava and Henry Levin and presented by Joseph E. Levine for MGM.	The Wonders of Aladdin	Mario Bava	Henry Levin
director	Korowód, or Twists of Fate, is a 2007 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Stuhr.	Twists of Fate	Jerzy Stuhr
director	I'm Not Angry! (Persian: عصبانی نیستم‎‎, translit. Asabani Nistam!) is a 2014 Iranian drama film written and directed by Reza Dormishian.	I'm Not Angry!	Reza Dormishian
director	Muž v povětří is a 1956 Czechoslovak comedy film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Muž v povětří	Miroslav Cikán
director	You'll Like My Mother is a 1972 American horror-thriller film based on the Naomi A. Hintze novel and directed by Lamont Johnson.	You'll Like My Mother	Lamont Johnson
director	Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez.	Culture Clash in AmeriCCa	Emilio Estevez
director	Boss Engira Bhaskaran (English: Boss alias Bhaskaran) is a 2010 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh who earlier directed Siva Manasula Sakthi (2009).	Boss Engira Bhaskaran	M. Rajesh
director	The Man Who Killed Don Quixote is an unfinished feature film project directed and co-written by Terry Gilliam, based on the novel Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes.	The Man Who Killed Don Quixote	Terry Gilliam
director	The Jaguar's Claws is a 1917 American Western silent film directed by Marshall Neilan and written by William M. McCoy, Beatrice DeMille and Leighton Osmun.	The Jaguar's Claws	Marshall Neilan
director	The American Astronaut is a 2001 space-western/musical, directed by and starring Cory McAbee.	The American Astronaut	Cory McAbee
director	Field of Lost Shoes is a 2014 American war drama film directed by Sean McNamara and written by Dave Kennedy and Thomas Farrell.	Field of Lost Shoes	Sean McNamara
director	Based on the National Magazine Award-winning Washingtonian magazine article ``Like Something the Lord Made'' by Katie McCabe, the film was directed by Joseph Sargent and written by Peter Silverman and Robert Caswell.	Something the Lord Made	Joseph Sargent
director	Conquest of Cheyenne is a 1946 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Earle Snell.	Conquest of Cheyenne	R. G. Springsteen
director	The Summer Guest (Hungarian: A nyaraló) is a 1992 Hungarian drama film directed by Can Togay.	The Summer Guest	Can Togay
director	Penn & Teller Get Killed is a 1989 black comedy film directed by Arthur Penn starring the magicians Penn & Teller.	Penn & Teller Get Killed	Arthur Penn
director	Nawab Naarkali (Tamil: நவாப் நாற்காலி) is a 1972 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by K. Balakrishnan.	Nawab Naarkali	C. V. Rajendran
director	Dora-heita (どら平太) (English:Alley Cat) is a 2000 Japanese film by Director Kon Ichikawa.	Dora-heita	Kon Ichikawa
director	Guys and Balls (German: Männer wie wir, literally Men like us) is a 2004 sports comedy/romance film by German American director Sherry Hormann about a gay goalkeeper who assembles a gay-only soccer team to play against his ex-team, which fired him due to homophobia.	Guys and Balls	Sherry Hormann
director	Breathing Room (also known as A Room to Breathe) is a 2008 horror film written and directed by John Suits and Gabriel Cowan.	Breathing Room	Gabriel Cowan
director	Macadam Stories (French: Asphalte) is a 2015 French comedy-drama film written and directed by Samuel Benchetrit, and based on the first volume of Benchetrit's autobiography Les Chroniques de l'Asphalte.	Macadam Stories	Samuel Benchetrit
director	Dumb and Dumber To is a 2014 American road buddy comedy film co-written and directed by Bobby and Peter Farrelly.	Dumb and Dumber To	Peter Farrelly
director	Hare Kanch Ki Chooriyan (Green Glass Bangles) is a 1967 Hindi, social family drama film, produced and directed by Kishore Sahu.	Hare Kanch Ki Chooriyan	Kishore Sahu
director	Under the Top is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Donald Crisp and written by John Emerson, Gardner Hunting, and Anita Loos.	Under the Top	Donald Crisp
director	Martian Through Georgia is a 1962 Looney Tunes cartoon, directed by Chuck Jones, Maurice Noble (credited as a co-director), and Abe Levitow, and produced by Warner Bros., although it features none of the established Warner Bros. characters.	Martian Through Georgia	Chuck Jones
director	Suburban Roulette is a 1968 American drama film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis starring, among others, William Kerwin and Allison Louise Downe who are involved in wife swapping to overcome the boredom of living in the suburbs.	Suburban Roulette	Herschell Gordon Lewis
director	Scattergood Survives a Murder is a 1942 American mystery film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by Michael L. Simmons, based on the series of short stories about ``Scattergood Baines'', penned by Clarence Budington Kelland.	Scattergood Survives a Murder	Christy Cabanne
director	Why Has Bodhi-Dharma Left for the East? (달마가 동쪽으로 간 까닭은? - Dalmaga dongjjok-euro gan ggadakeun?) (1989) is an award-winning South Korean film written, produced and directed by Bae Yong-kyun, a professor at Dongguk University in Seoul.	Why Has Bodhi-Dharma Left for the East?	Bae Yong-kyun
director	Express 13 (German:D-Zug 13 hat Verspätung) is a 1931 German drama film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Charlotte Susa, Heinz Könecke and Fee Malten.	Express 13	Alfred Zeisler
director	The Chrysalis is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Qiu Chuji.	The Chrysalis	Qiu Chuji
director	Gary Cooper, Who Art in Heaven (Spanish: Gary Cooper, que estás en los cielos) is a 1980 Spanish drama film directed by Pilar Miró.	Gary Cooper, Who Art in Heaven	Pilar Miró
director	Frits and Freddy (Dutch: Frits en Freddy) is a 2010 Flemish-Belgian comedy film directed by Guy Goossens.	Frits and Freddy	Guy Goossens
director	Bride of Re-Animator is a 1990 American science fiction horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and was written by Yuzna, Rick Fry and Woody Keith.	Bride of Re-Animator	Brian Yuzna
director	24 Exposures is a 2013 erotic thriller film written and directed by Joe Swanberg.	24 Exposures	Joe Swanberg
director	Suburban Romance (Czech: Žižkovská romance) is a 1958 Czechoslovak romance film directed by Zbyněk Brynych.	Suburban Romance	Zbyněk Brynych
director	Chatriyan (The warrior) is a 1990 Indian Tamil crime-drama film written and produced by Mani Ratnam, and directed by K. Subash, assistant of Mani Ratnam.	Chatriyan	K. Subash
director	Reach for Glory is a 1962 British film adaptation of John Rae's 1961 novel, The Custard Boys, directed by Philip Leacock.	Reach for Glory	Philip Leacock
director	Les Nanas (The Chicks) is a 1985 French comedy with an entirely female cast, directed by Annick Lanoë.	Les Nanas	Annick Lanoë
director	Black Rodeo is a 1972 documentary by filmmaker Jeff Kanew.	Black Rodeo	Jeff Kanew
director	Aakhari Poratam (English: The Final Battle) is a 1988 Telugu action film produced by C. Ashwini Dutt on Vyjayanthi Movies banner, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.	Aakhari Poratam	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Kumaré is an American 2011 documentary film directed by Vikram Gandhi.	Kumaré	Vikram Gandhi
director	Forty Thousand Horsemen (aka 40,000 Horsemen) is a 1940 Australian war film directed by Charles Chauvel.	Forty Thousand Horsemen	Charles Chauvel
director	Faccia di spia (also known as C.I.A. Secret Story) is a 1975 Italian political drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Ferrara.	Faccia di spia	Giuseppe Ferrara
director	The Revenge of Spartacus or La vendetta di Spartacus (US title: Revenge of the Gladiators) is a 1965 Italian film directed by Michele Lupo.	The Revenge of Spartacus	Michele Lupo
director	Seducing Doctor Lewis (French: La grande séduction) is a 2003 Quebec comedy film and the first film directed by Jean-François Pouliot.	Seducing Doctor Lewis	Jean-François Pouliot
director	Don't Go Breaking My Heart 2 is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Johnnie To.	Don't Go Breaking My Heart 2	Johnnie To
director	The Warrior's Heart (Norwegian: Krigerens hjerte) is a 1992 Norwegian film, directed by Leidulv Risan and starring Anneke von der Lippe, Peter Snickars, Thomas Kretschmann, Bjørn Sundquist and Iren Reppen.	The Warrior's Heart	Leidulv Risan
director	Weather Is Good on Deribasovskaya, It Rains Again on Brighton Beach (Russian: На Дерибасовской хорошая погода, или На Брайтон-Бич опять идут дожди) is a 1992 joint Russian-American production comedy film directed by Leonid Gaidai.	Weather Is Good on Deribasovskaya, It Rains Again on Brighton Beach	Leonid Gaidai
director	La bisarca is a 1950 Italian science fiction-comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	La bisarca	Giorgio Simonelli
director	Cry Woman (Chinese: 哭泣的女人; pinyin: Kū qì de nǔ rén) is a 2002 Chinese film directed by Liu Bingjian.	Cry Woman	Liu Bingjian
director	Begrijpt U Nu Waarom Ik Huil? (Now Do You Get It Why I'm Crying?) is a 1969 documentary film by Dutch director Louis van Gasteren.	Begrijpt U Nu Waarom Ik Huil?	Louis van Gasteren
director	Agnee 2 (Bengali: অগ্নি ২) is a 2015 Bangladeshi-Indian action film directed by Iftakar Chowdhury.	Agnee 2	Iftakar Chowdhury
director	Deb and Sisi is a blue comedy/dark comedy feature film, written, produced and directed by Mark Kenneth Woods, which had its debut at the Out On Screen Vancouver Queer Film Festival in August, 2008.	Deb and Sisi	Mark Kenneth Woods
director	The Violent Ones (1967) is a film directed by Fernando Lamas.	The Violent Ones	Fernando Lamas
director	The Hunchback and the Dancer (German: Der Bucklige und die Tänzerin) is a 1920 silent German horror film directed by F. W. Murnau.	The Hunchback and the Dancer	F. W. Murnau
director	The Newcomer in The Cabbage (Russian: Пришелец в капусте) is a 1989 short Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich.	The Newcomer in The Cabbage	Vladimir Danilevich
director	Thunder on the Hill is a 1951 mystery drama film directed by Douglas Sirk.	Thunder on the Hill	Douglas Sirk
director	Coordinates of Death (alternative title Target for Death ; Russian: Координаты смерти, Vietnamese: 'Tọa độ chết') is a 1985 film by Samvel Gasparov (USSR) and Nguyen Xuan Chan (Vietnam).	Coordinates of Death	Samvel Gasparov
director	Maria Rosa is a surviving 1916 silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille.	Maria Rosa	Cecil B. DeMille
director	I Sing of a Well is a 2009 Ghanaian film directed by Leila Djansi.	I Sing of a Well	Leila Djansi
director	Danger Street is a 1947 American mystery film directed by Lew Landers and written by Winston Miller, Kae Salkow and Maxwell Shane.	Danger Street	Lew Landers
director	Much Too Shy is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby, Kathleen Harrison, Hilda Bayley and Eileen Bennett.	Much Too Shy	Marcel Varnel
director	Old Spanish Customers is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Leslie Fuller, Binnie Barnes and Drusilla Wills.	Old Spanish Customers	Lupino Lane
director	Madhurappathinezhu is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Hariharan and produced by TE Vasudevan.	Madhurappathinezhu	Hariharan
director	Ice People is a documentary film directed by Anne Aghion about the research of Allan Ashworth and Adam Lewis in Antarctica.	Ice People	Anne Aghion
director	Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things (also known as Revenge of the Living Dead, Things From the Dead, and Zreaks) is a 1972 comedic horror film directed by Bob Clark.	Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things	Bob Clark
director	When Trumpets Fade is a TV war film from 1998 directed by John Irvin, produced by John Kemeny and written by W.W. Vought.	When Trumpets Fade	John Irvin
director	Crazy Sexy Cancer is a documentary film created by actress/photographer Kris Carr.	Crazy Sexy Cancer	Kris Carr
director	A Ruined Life (Swedish: Ett hemligt giftermål) is a 1912 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström.	A Ruined Life	Victor Sjöström
director	Singer Jim McKee is a 1924 American Western silent film directed by Clifford Smith and written by William S. Hart and J.G. Hawks.	Singer Jim McKee	Clifford Smith
director	Pattiyal is a 2006 Indian Tamil gangster thriller film directed by Vishnuvardhan.	Pattiyal	Vishnuvardhan
director	The Black Ghost Bandit is a 1915 American silent short Western directed by Tom Ricketts.	The Black Ghost Bandit	Tom Ricketts
director	Tokio Jokio is a 1943 Looney Tunes short directed by Norman McCabe (Cpl. was added after the film finished production, as McCabe was drafted into the Armed Forces before its release).	Tokio Jokio	Norman McCabe
director	La matassa ((The skein) is a 2009 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giambattista Avellino and by Ficarra e Picone. The film was a box office success, ranking first for two weeks at the Italian box office and grossing $10,007,765.	La matassa	Giambattista Avellino
director	Rokk í Reykjavík ( pronunciation ) is a documentary directed by Icelandic Friðrik Þór Friðriksson during the Icelandic winter of 1981-1982 and released for the local television the same year.	Rokk í Reykjavík	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
director	No One Would Tell is a 1996 American teen crime drama television film directed by Noel Nosseck from an original script by Steven Loring.	No One Would Tell	Noel Nosseck
director	Holiday for Lovers is a 1959 De Luxe in CinemaScope comedy film directed by Henry Levin.	Holiday for Lovers	Henry Levin
director	Frontier Badmen is a 1943 romantic western directed by Ford Beebe and produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.	Frontier Badmen	Ford Beebe
director	The New China (Russian: Освобождённый Китай, Osvobozhdyonnyy Kitay) is a 1950 Soviet documentary film directed by Sergei Gerasimov.	The New China	Sergei Gerasimov
director	Vaska Easoff (Hungarian: Haggyállógva, Vászka) is a 1996 Hungarian comedy film directed by Péter Gothár.	Vaska Easoff	Péter Gothár
director	When Women Were Called Virgins (Italian: Quando le donne si chiamavano madonne) is a 1972 commedia sexy all'italiana written and directed by Aldo Grimaldi.	When Women Were Called Virgins	Aldo Grimaldi
director	Tale in the Darkness (Russian: Сказка про темноту, translit. Skazka pro temnotu) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Nikolay Khomeriki.	Tale in the Darkness	Nikolay Khomeriki
director	Peck's Bad Boy with the Circus is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline, based on the book of the same name by George W. Peck.	Peck's Bad Boy with the Circus	Edward F. Cline
director	Invasion of the Star Creatures is a 1962, science fiction/comedy film directed by Bruno VeSota and starring Bob Ball and Frankie Ray.	Invasion of the Star Creatures	Bruno VeSota
director	Grama Devathe (translation: Village Deity) is a 2001 Indian Kannada religious film written and directed by Sai Prakash.	Grama Devathe	Sai Prakash
director	Saluti e baci is a Franco-Italian comedy-drama film directed by Maurice Labro and Giorgio Simonelli and released in 1953.	Saluti e baci	Giorgio Simonelli
director	Gaston's War is a 1997 drama film directed by Robbe De Hert and starring Werner De Smedt, Mapi Galán and Peter Firth.	Gaston's War	Robbe De Hert
director	Anandhapurathu Veedu is a 2010 Indian Tamil supernatural mystery film directed by Tamil television director Naga, who has directed serials like Marmadesam, Vidathu Karuppu and Chidambara Rahasiyam.	Anandhapurathu Veedu	Naga
director	Just Before Losing Everything (original title Avant que de tout perdre) is a 2013 short film by French film maker Xavier Legrand.	Just Before Losing Everything	Xavier Legrand
director	The Automatic Motorist is a 1911 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a robot chauffeur taking an inventor and a young honeymooning couple on a wild ride around the planets and under the sea.	The Automatic Motorist	Walter R. Booth
director	Darna Zaroori Hai (Hindi: डरना ज़रूरी है, translation: Getting scared is necessary) is a 2006 Indian anthology horror thriller film produced by Satish Kaushik, and Ram Gopal Varma.	Darna Zaroori Hai	Ram Gopal Varma
director	Meet Me on Cassiopeia (Danish: Mød mig på Cassiopeia) is a 1951 Danish musical film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen.	Meet Me on Cassiopeia	Torben Anton Svendsen
director	Confusion Na Wa is a 2013 Nigerian dark comedy drama film directed by Kenneth Gyang, starring Ramsey Nouah, OC Ukeje, Ali Nuhu and Tunde Aladese.	Confusion Na Wa	Kenneth Gyang
director	Rammbock (also Rammbock: Berlin Undead and Siege of the Dead) is a 2010 German horror film directed by Marvin Kren, written by Benjamin Hessler, and starring Michael Fuith, Theo Trebs, Anka Graczyk, and Emily Cox as survivors of a rage virus in Berlin.	Rammbock	Marvin Kren
director	Cape Karma is a 2007 adult thriller drama film directed by Pankaj Advani, with a ``dark secrets'' plot, shot in Scotland.	Cape Karma	Pankaj Advani
director	The Notorious Mr. Bout is a 2014 documentary film directed by Tony Gerber and Maxim Pozdorovkin.	The Notorious Mr. Bout	Tony Gerber
director	Vengeance Is My Forgiveness (Italian: La vendetta è il mio perdono, also known as Shotgun) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Roberto Mauri.	Vengeance Is My Forgiveness	Roberto Mauri
director	One Against All (German:Einer gegen alle) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Nunzio Malasomma and starring Carlo Aldini.	One Against All	Nunzio Malasomma
director	Oridathu (1987) is an Indian Malayalam satirical drama film written and directed by G. Aravindan.	Oridathu	G. Aravindan
director	Taking Woodstock is a 2009 American comedy-drama film about the Woodstock Festival of 1969, directed by Ang Lee.	Taking Woodstock	Ang Lee
director	I Was Born in Buenos Aires (Spanish: He nacido en Buenos Aires) is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Francisco Múgica.	I Was Born in Buenos Aires	Francisco Múgica
director	Here, Beneath the North Star (Finnish: Täällä Pohjantähden alla) is a 1968 Finnish drama film directed by Edvin Laine.	Here, Beneath the North Star	Edvin Laine
director	Bad Ol' Putty Tat is a 1949 Merrie Melodies (1957 Blue Ribbon reissued in the opening, with original ending) animated cartoon released by Warner Bros. starring Tweety Bird and directed by Friz Freleng.	Bad Ol' Putty Tat	Friz Freleng
director	The Hordern Mystery is an Australian feature length film directed by Harry Southwell based on an 1889 novel by Edmund Finn (son of Edmund Finn).	The Hordern Mystery	Harry Southwell
director	Kaba Sone Hti (Burmese: ကမ္ဘာဆုံးထိ (ɡəbà zóʊɴ tʰḭ); lit. Till the End of the World) is a 2005 Burmese musical drama film directed by Khin Maung Oo and Soe Thein Htut.	Kaba Sone Hti	Khin Maung Oo
director	Chronicle of Flaming Years (Russian: Повесть пламенных лет, translit. Povest plamennykh let) is a 1961 Soviet drama film directed by Yuliya Solntseva.	Chronicle of Flaming Years	Yuliya Solntseva
director	Namma Ooru Nayagan (Tamil: நம்ம ஊரு நாயகன்) is a 1988 Indian Tamil film, directed by Yaar Kannan and produced by V. Anbukarasu.	Namma Ooru Nayagan	Yaar Kannan
director	Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown is a 1977 animated film produced by United Feature Syndicate for Paramount Pictures, directed by Bill Melendez and Phil Roman, and the third in a series of films based on the Peanuts comic strip.	Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown	Bill Melendez	Phil Roman
director	Julius Sizzer (1931) is an American two-reel short film directed by Edward Ludwig.	Julius Sizzer	Edward Ludwig
director	The Ditch, also known as Goodbye Jiabiangou is a 2010 film produced and directed by Wang Bing, an independent Chinese filmmaker better known for his work on documentaries.	The Ditch	Wang Bing
director	The Hills Have Eyes 2 was directed by German film director Martin Weisz and written by father and son team Wes and Jonathan Craven.	The Hills Have Eyes 2	Martin Weisz
director	Some Call It Loving, also known as Sleeping Beauty is a 1973 drama film written, produced, and directed by James B. Harris, based on a short story by John Collier.	Some Call It Loving	James B. Harris
director	Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri is a 1990 Indian Bollywood comedy film directed by Aziz Sejawal and produced by Iqbal Baig.	Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri	Aziz Sejawal
director	``The Beta Test Initiation'' was directed by Mark Cendrowski.	The Beta Test Initiation	Mark Cendrowski
director	Drink-Drank-Drunk (Chinese: 千杯不醉; Jyutping: Cin1 bui1 bat1 zeoi3) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Derek Yee.	Drink-Drank-Drunk	Derek Yee
director	Patrani (Hindi: पटरानी; English: Chief Queen) is a 1956 Hindi Black-and-white Costume drama written by R. S. Choudhury and directed by Vijay Bhatt.	Patrani	Vijay Bhatt
director	Happy Ghost III (Chinese: 開心鬼撞鬼; pinyin: Kai xin gui zhuang gui) is a 1986 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Johnnie To.	Happy Ghost III	Johnnie To
director	Composer Sathyam scored the title track ``Debbaku Tha Dongala Mutha'' for Dongala Mutha, his second collaboration with Ram Gopal Varma after Deyyam.	Deyyam	Ram Gopal Varma
director	Boston Kickout is a 1995 British drama feature film written and directed by Paul Hills.	Boston Kickout	Paul Hills
director	Cento piccole mamme is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Giulio Morelli.	Cento piccole mamme	Giulio Morelli
director	All for Free (Bosnian: Sve džaba) is a 2006 Bosnian-Croatian film directed by Antonio Nuić.	All for Free	Antonio Nuić
director	I'd Receive the Worst News from Your Beautiful Lips (Portuguese: Eu Receberia as Piores Notícias dos Seus Lindos Lábios) is a 2011 Brazilian romance drama film directed by Beto Brant and Renato Ciasca.	I'd Receive the Worst News from Your Beautiful Lips	Beto Brant
director	A Saintly Switch is an American made for TV comedy film directed by Peter Bogdanovich (The Last Picture Show, Mask, Paper Moon) and produced in 1999 in by Walt Disney Entertainment, first exhibited on ABC's The Wonderful World of Disney.	A Saintly Switch	Peter Bogdanovich
director	Khan Kluay is directed by Kompin Kemgumnird, an animator who had worked on Disney films such as The Lion King, Atlantis:	Khan Kluay	Kompin Kemgumnird
director	The Third Side of the River (Spanish: La tercera orilla) is a 2014 Argentine drama film directed by Celina Murga, with Martin Scorsese as an executive producer.	The Third Side of the River	Celina Murga
director	The Yellow Canary is a 1963 film thriller directed by Buzz Kulik.	The Yellow Canary	Buzz Kulik
director	Hurricane Streets (aka Hurricane) is a 1997 American coming-of-age drama which was the debut feature film from writer-director Morgan J. Freeman (not to be confused with actor Morgan Freeman).	Hurricane Streets	Morgan J. Freeman
director	The Billion Dollar Bubble is a 1976 film made for the BBC series Horizon and directed by Brian Gibson about the story of the two billion dollar insurance embezzlement scheme involving Equity Funding Corporation of America.	The Billion Dollar Bubble	Brian Gibson
director	Three for Breakfast is a 1948 American animated short film directed by Jack Hannah.	Three for Breakfast	Jack Hannah
director	Aanandha Kummi is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Gokula Krishnan and produced by Jeeva Ilaiyaraaja for Ilaiyaraaja Pictures.	Aanandha Kummi	Gokula Krishnan
director	Arrête ton char... bidasse! is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Michel Gérard.	Arrête ton char... bidasse!	Michel Gérard
director	Prithvi Vallabh is a historical drama Bollywood film directed by Sohrab Modi.	Prithvi Vallabh	Sohrab Modi
director	Baharon Ke Sapne is a 1967 Hindi movie under Nasir Hussain films banner.	Baharon Ke Sapne	Nasir Hussain
director	A Deadly Adoption is a 2015 American made for television dramatic-thriller parody film directed by Rachel Lee Goldenberg and written by Andrew Steele.	A Deadly Adoption	Rachel Lee Goldenberg
director	Muktir Gaan (Bengali : মুক্তির গান The Song of Freedom) is a 1995 Bangladeshi documentary film Directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud.	Muktir Gaan	Tareque Masud	Catherine Masud
director	Klopka (English: The Trap, Serbian: Клопка, Klopka) is a 2007 psychological thriller directed by Srdan Golubović, based on the novel of the same name, written by Nenad Teofilović.	Klopka	Srdan Golubović
director	Mutham (English: Kiss) is a 2002 Tamil slasher film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar.	Mutham	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times.	My Little Eye	Marc Evans
director	Carmen, Baby is a 1967 German-Yugoslav-American romantic drama film directed by Radley Metzger.	Carmen, Baby	Radley Metzger
director	Goliath and the Sins of Babylon (Italian: Maciste l'eroe più grande del mondo) is a 1963 peplum film directed by Michele Lupo.	Goliath and the Sins of Babylon	Michele Lupo
director	Paranthe Wali Gali is a 2014 Indian romance comedy film directed and produced by the award winning playwright and theatre director Sachin Gupta under Chilsag-Civitech Motion Pictures.	Paranthe Wali Gali	Sachin Gupta
director	Noi siamo due evasi is a 1959 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	Noi siamo due evasi	Giorgio Simonelli
director	The Shadow King is an upcoming stop-motion animated 3D dark fantasy thriller film written and directed by Henry Selick.	The Shadow King	Henry Selick
director	The Grocery Clerk is a 1919 American silent short comedy film directed by and starring Larry Semon, Lucille Carlisle, Monty Banks, Frank Hayes, Frank Alexander, Pete Gordon, and Jack Duffy.	The Grocery Clerk	Larry Semon
director	Praptham (Tamil: பிராப்தம்) is a 1971 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by Savitri.	Praptham	Savitri
director	Serpent of the Nile is a 1953 low budget Technicolor historical adventure film produced by Sam Katzman and directed by William Castle.	Serpent of the Nile	William Castle
director	Deham (The Body) is a 2001 film directed by Govind Nihalani based on playwright Manjula Padmanabhan's play Harvest.	Deham	Govind Nihalani
director	Naiyaandi (English: Satire) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by A. Sarkunam.	Naiyaandi	A. Sarkunam
director	Mystery Street is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by John Sturges with cinematography by cinematographer John Alton.	Mystery Street	John Sturges
director	Let the Game Begin is a 2010 American film romantic comedy from Twisted Light Productions, directed by Amit Gupta.	Let the Game Begin	Amit Gupta
director	Smash-Up on Interstate 5 is a 1976 made-for-TV disaster film directed by John Llewellyn Moxey.	Smash-Up on Interstate 5	John Llewellyn Moxey
director	Shannon's Rainbow (also listed as Amazing Racer) is a 2011 drama and family film both produced and directed by Frank E. Johnson.	Shannon's Rainbow	Frank E. Johnson
director	Pelli Chesi Choodu (English: Try to conduct a marriage) is a 1952 Indian bilingual satirical comedy film directed by L. V. Prasad and produced by B. Nagi Reddy and Aluri Chakrapani under their company Vijaya Vauhini Studios.	Pelli Chesi Choodu	L. V. Prasad
director	Beauty and the Rogue is a 1918 American silent comedy crime drama film directed by Henry King.	Beauty and the Rogue	Henry King
director	Escape from Red Rock is a 1957 American Western film written and directed by Edward Bernds.	Escape from Red Rock	Edward Bernds
director	Are These Our Parents? is a 1944 American romantic drama film directed by William Nigh.	Are These Our Parents?	William Nigh
director	El Santo de la Espada (in English, The Saint of the Sword) is a 1970 Argentine historical epic film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and starring Alfredo Alcón.	El Santo de la Espada	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
dissolved or abolished	The Taos Society of Artists was an organization of visual arts founded in Taos, New Mexico in 1915; it disbanded in 1927.	Taos Society of Artists	1927
dissolved or abolished	The County palatine of Cephalonia and Zakynthos existed from 1185 until 1479, as part of the Kingdom of Sicily.	County palatine of Cephalonia and Zakynthos	1479
educated at	Serapio Rukundo holds the degree of Bachelor of Commerce, majoring in Accounting, obtained from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest university.	Serapio Rukundo	Makerere University
educated at	Henry Sylvester Jacoby (born 1857, died 1955) was an American educator, born at Springtown, Pennsylvania, He was graduated from Lehigh University in 1877 and during the season of 1878 was connected with the topographical corps of the Pennsylvania Geological Survey.	Henry Sylvester Jacoby	Lehigh University
employer	Antônio Ferreira Cesarino Júnior (16 March 1906 -- 10 March 1992) was a Brazilian jurist and professor at the University of São Paulo (USP).	Antônio Ferreira Cesarino Júnior	University of São Paulo
employer	Birgit Meyer (born 21 March 1960) is a German professor of Religious Studies at Utrecht University.	Birgit Meyer	Utrecht University
father	Harsh Goenka (born December 1957) has been the chairman of RPG Enterprises, one of India's largest business groups, since 1988, when he took over from his father R. P. Goenka.	Harsh Goenka	R. P. Goenka
father	The only son of fashionable society doctor Sir Alfred Cooper and Lady Agnes Duff, daughter of James Duff, 5th Earl Fife, Duff Cooper was the youngest of their four children.	Duff Cooper	Alfred Cooper
father	Henry Cromwell (20 January 1628 -- 23 March 1674) was the fourth son of Oliver Cromwell and Elizabeth Bourchier, and an important figure in the Parliamentarian regime in Ireland.	Henry Cromwell	Oliver Cromwell
father	Togarmah is listed in Genesis 10:3 as the third son of Gomer, and grandson of Japheth, brother of Ashkenaz and Riphat.	Togarmah	Gomer
father	Gregoire Boonzaier was the fifth child of political cartoonist Daniël Cornelis Boonzaier and his cousin Maria Elizabeth Boonzaier.	Gregoire Boonzaier	Daniël Cornelis Boonzaier
father	Bred in Kentucky, Seattle Song was sired by 1977 U.S. Triple Crown winner Seattle Slew.	Seattle Song	Seattle Slew
father	Bred and owned by Ogden Phipps, Easy Goer was a son of Alydar out of the 1981 American Champion Older Female Horse Relaxing (by Buckpasser).	Easy Goer	Alydar
father	Claude Mauriac (25 April 1914, Paris -- 22 March 1996) was a French author and journalist, eldest son of the author François Mauriac.	Claude Mauriac	François Mauriac
father	Out of the mare Nandi, for whom the Nandi Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack is named, Windfields was sired by Bunty Lawless, who in 1951 was voted Canada's ``Horse of the Half-Century.''	Windfields	Bunty Lawless
father	Born in Paris, Georges Philippe de Rothschild was the younger son of Baron Henri de Rothschild (1872--1947) (who was a noted playwright under the name André Pascal) and Mathilde Sophie Henriette von Weissweiller (1872--1926).	Philippe de Rothschild	Henri de Rothschild
father	Sea Sovereign was an American Thoroughbred stallion foaled in 1942 and bred by the owner of Seabiscuit:	Sea Sovereign	Seabiscuit
father	Agesipolis II (Greek: Ἀγησίπολις Bʹ; died 369 BC), son of the king Cleombrotus I, succeeded his father and reigned as Agiad King of Sparta.	Agesipolis II	Cleombrotus I
father	Karthik Raja is the eldest son of musician Mastro Ilaiyaraaja.	Karthik Raja	Ilaiyaraaja
father	Evgenios Spatharis was born in Kifissia in 1924, son of Sotiris Spatharis, himself a famous puppeteer.	Evgenios Spatharis	Sotiris Spatharis
father	Stig Inge Bjørnebye was born in Elverum, the son of skier Jo Inge Bjørnebye, who competed in the 1968 and 1972 Winter Olympics.	Stig Inge Bjørnebye	Jo Inge Bjørnebye
father	Harry Bassett was a chestnut stallion, foaled on 27 April 1868, that was sired by Lexington and out of the mare Canary Bird.	Harry Bassett	Lexington
father	Lady Lucy Somerset, Baroness Latimer (c.1524 -- 23 February 1583) was an English noblewoman and the daughter of Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester though there is disagreement as to whether her mother was his first wife Lady Margaret Courtenay or his second wife, Elizabeth Browne.	Lucy Somerset	Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester
father	Kanishka was the successor of Vima Kadphises, as demonstrated by an impressive genealogy of the Kushan kings, known as the Rabatak inscription.	Kanishka	Vima Kadphises
father	Prince Jinan (1354 -- January 15, 1394) born Yi Bang-woo, was a Korean prince and the first-born son of King Taejo of Joseon Dynasty and his consort Queen Sin-ui.	Prince Jinan	Taejo of Joseon
father	José de San Martín was the fifth and last son of Juan de San Martín, an unsuccessful Spanish soldier, and Gregoria Matorras del Ser. He was born in Yapeyú, Corrientes, an Indian reduction of Guaraní people.	José de San Martín	Juan de San Martín
father	Great Heavens is the daughter of Galileo, who won the Epsom Derby, Irish Derby and King George and multiple Champion sire.	Great Heavens	Galileo
father	Olympic three-day event rider Boyd Martin was born to Toy Dorgan, an American speedskater, and Ross Martin, an Australian cross-country skier.	Boyd Martin	Ross Martin
father	Magdalena Stenbock was born to Count Erik Stenbock, a descendant to Queen Catherine Stenbock, and Catharina von Schwerin.	Magdalena Stenbock	Erik Stenbock
father	Jean-Philippe Toussaint was born in Brussels, son of the Belgian journalist and writer Yvon Toussaint (1933-2013) and a bookseller mother of lituanian ascendance Monique Toussaint (née Lanskoronskis), but mostly raised in Paris where his father was the correspondent in France of the Belgian newspaper Le Soir.	Jean-Philippe Toussaint	Yvon Toussaint
father	Sir Richard Wynn, 4th Baronet (1625--1674) succeeded his father Sir Owen Wynn, 3rd Baronet at Gwydir in 1660.	Sir Richard Wynn, 4th Baronet	Sir Owen Wynn, 3rd Baronet
father	William Herbert Shipman (also known as ``Willie'' Shipman) was born December 17, 1854, at Lahaina, Hawaii, the son of missionary parents, William Cornelius Shipman (1824--1861) and Jane Stobie Shipman (1827--1904).	William Herbert Shipman	William Cornelius Shipman
father	Godomar (or Gundomar), son of king Gundobad, was king of Burgundy.	Godomar	Gundobad
father	Adolph Tidemand was born in Mandal, Norway as the son of customs inspector and Storting representative Christen Tidemand (1779--1838) and Johanne Henriette Henrikke Haste (1779--1859).	Adolph Tidemand	Christen Tidemand
father	Jacques Cassini (18 February 1677 -- 16 April 1756) was a French astronomer, son of the famous Italian astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini.	Jacques Cassini	Giovanni Domenico Cassini
father	Gemma Files was born in 1968 in London, England, the daughter of actors Elva Mai Hoover and Gary Files.	Gemma Files	Gary Files
father	Matsudaira Teru was born as the third daughter of Hoshina Masamoto, daimyo of the Iino han in Kazusa.	Matsudaira Teru	Hoshina Masamoto
father	Máel Muire ingen Cináeda was a daughter of Kenneth MacAlpin, King of the Dal Riada.	Máel Muire ingen Cináeda	Kenneth MacAlpin
father	Zenyatta was sired by Street Cry, who also sired 2007 Kentucky Derby-winner Street Sense, multiple Group 1 Australian Weight for Age champion Whobegotyou, and 2009 Melbourne Cup winner Shocking.	Zenyatta	Street Cry
father	John Hastings, 3rd Earl of Pembroke (October 1372 -- 30 December 1389) was the son of John Hastings, 2nd Earl of Pembroke and Anne Manny, 2nd Baroness Manny.	John Hastings, 3rd Earl of Pembroke	John Hastings, 2nd Earl of Pembroke
father	Anna Gould (June 5, 1875 -- November 30, 1961) was an American heiress and socialite, the daughter of financier Jay Gould.	Anna Gould	Jay Gould
father	Admiral Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk, KG PC (24 August 1561 -- 28 May 1626) was a son of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk by his second wife Margaret Audley, Duchess of Norfolk, the daughter and heiress of the 1st Baron Audley of Walden.	Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk	Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk
father	Anatole von Hügel (29 September 1854, in Florence -- 15 August 1928, in Cambridge) was the second son of the Austrian nobleman Charles von Hügel and his Scottish wife Elizabeth Farquharson.	Anatole von Hügel	Charles von Hügel
father	Second of the seven recorded sons of William Garden Blaikie, minister of Pilrig Free Church, and Margaret Catherine Biggar, Walter Biggar Blaikie was educated at Edinburgh Academy and Edinburgh University.	Walter Biggar Blaikie	William Garden Blaikie
father	Ignace-Michel-Louis-Antoine d'Irumberry de Salaberry (4 July 1752 -- 22 March 1828) was the son of Michel de Sallaberry and he was the first member of the family to develop permanent roots in Canada.	Ignace-Michel-Louis-Antoine d'Irumberry de Salaberry	Michel de Sallaberry
father	Frida Ånnevik (born 18 June 1984 in Hamar, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz singer and the daughter of folk singer Tor Karseth.	Frida Ånnevik	Tor Karseth
father	Lucius Aelius Caesar (January 13, 101 -- January 1, 138) became the adopted son and intended successor of Roman Emperor Hadrian (January 24, 76 AD -- July 10, 138 AD), but never attained the throne.	Lucius Aelius	Hadrian
father	Raymond Asquith (6 November 1878 -- 15 September 1916) was an English barrister and son of British Prime Minister H. H. Asquith.	Raymond Asquith	H. H. Asquith
father	Mu'awiya ibn Hisham (fl. 725--737) was an Arab general, the son of the Umayyad Caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik (r. 723--743), who distinguished himself in the Arab--	Mu'awiya ibn Hisham	Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik
father	Henry Goldman (September 21, 1857 -- April 4, 1937) was an American banker, son of Marcus Goldman.	Henry Goldman	Marcus Goldman
father	Eleanor Percy, Duchess of Buckingham (ca. 1474 -- 13 February 1530), also known as Alianore, was the eldest daughter of Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland by his wife, Lady Maud Herbert, daughter of William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.	Eleanor Percy, Duchess of Buckingham	Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland
father	Provideo was a small, compact brown colt bred by his owner Ahmed Foustok and sired by the sprinter Godswalk.	Provideo	Godswalk
father	A son of U.S. Racing Hall of Famer Alydar, Strike the Gold was purchased in 1990 for $500,000 from breeder Calumet Farm by B. Giles Brophy, William J. Condren, and Joseph M. Cornacchia, who raced him under the name BCC Stable.	Strike the Gold	Alydar
father	He was born Philip Davis Guggenheim in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, the son of Marion Davis (née Streett) and film director and producer Charles Guggenheim.	Davis Guggenheim	Charles Guggenheim
father	Viktor Bulla was the son of photographer Karl Bulla.	Viktor Bulla	Karl Bulla
father	Peroz I was the eldest son of Yazdegerd II (438--457).	Peroz I	Yazdegerd II
father	Brocco was out of the mare Anytime Ms. and was a son of Kris S.,who sired five Breeders' Cup winners and three Eclipse Award winners.	Brocco	Kris S.
headquarters location	Algeta ASA (ALGETA:NO) was founded in 1997 in Oslo, Norway as a private biotechnology and pharmaceutical company.	Algeta	Oslo
headquarters location	Ponsard-Ansaloni was the brand name of a power pack conversion manufactured in France only in 1898.	Ponsard-Ansaloni	France
headquarters location	White, Smith & Company (est. 1874) was a music publishing firm in Boston, Massachusetts.	White, Smith & Company	Boston
headquarters location	Kirkland & Ellis LLP is an international law firm headquartered and founded in Chicago.	Kirkland & Ellis	Chicago
headquarters location	Monolith Productions (or simply Monolith) is a Kirkland, Washington-based computer game developer known for their games Blood, the No One Lives Forever series, F.E.A.R and more recently, Middle-earth:	Monolith Productions	Kirkland
headquarters location	Designit headquarters is located in Copenhagen, Denmark, with offices in Aarhus, Barcelona, Stockholm, Madrid, Medellín, Munich, Oslo, San Francisco, São Paulo, Shanghai, Tel Aviv and Tokyo.	Designit	Copenhagen
headquarters location	The Carrian Group was a Hong Kong conglomerate founded by George Tan, a Singaporean civil engineer working in Hong Kong as a project manager for a land development company.	Carrian Group	Hong Kong
headquarters location	TeST Gliders is a manufacturer of ultralight sailplanes and motorgliders based in Brno, Czech Republic.	TeST Gliders	Brno
headquarters location	Provogue is an Indian clothing and accessories retailer based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Provogue	Mumbai
headquarters location	Securitas Direct is a security company based in Malmö, Sweden and active in 12 countries in Europe and South America.	Securitas Direct	Malmö
headquarters location	SATS Ltd., commonly abbreviated as SATS (Simplified Chinese:新翔集团有限公司) is the chief ground-handling and in-flight catering service provider at Singapore Changi Airport.	SATS Ltd	Singapore
headquarters location	The Eichbaum beer brewing company is located in Mannheim/Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Eichbaum	Mannheim
headquarters location	Headquartered in Helsinki, Finland, Rightware has offices in United States, China, Taiwan and Germany.	Rightware	Helsinki
headquarters location	Firstmark Credit Union (formerly San Antonio Teachers Credit Union) is a federally insured, state-chartered, member-owned, not-for-profit financial cooperative.	Firstmark Credit Union	San Antonio
headquarters location	Raymond Jungles Inc. is a landscape architecture firm located in Miami, Florida.	Raymond Jungles Inc.	Miami
headquarters location	Adventa secured a 3-year contract with Parkway Malaysia, Singapore and Turkey.	Adventa	Malaysia
headquarters location	The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is a charitable foundation with more than $800 million U.S. dollars in assets.	Bradley Foundation	Milwaukee
headquarters location	Chukong Technologies (also known as Chukong) is an international mobile entertainment platform company headquartered in Beijing.	Chukong Technologies	Beijing
headquarters location	Groundforce Portugal employs over 2,000 people who handle passenger, cargo, ramp and technical services for airlines at Lisbon Portela Airport.	Groundforce Portugal	Lisbon
headquarters location	C. Lorenz AG (1880-1958) was a German electrical and electronics firm primarily located in Berlin.	C. Lorenz AG	Berlin
headquarters location	Loblolly Stable was a Thoroughbred horse breeding and racing stable in Lake Hamilton, Arkansas owned by businessman John Ed Anthony and his former wife Mary Lynn.	Loblolly Stable	Lake Hamilton
headquarters location	Argyll Ferries is a ferry company formed in January 2011 by parent company David MacBrayne Ltd to tender for the Dunoon to Gourock route.	Argyll Ferries	Gourock
headquarters location	Motobloc was a French automobile manufacturer, building vehicles from 1902 to 1931 in a factory in Bordeaux.	Motobloc	Bordeaux
headquarters location	Panda Energy International, Inc. is an American privately held company headquartered in Dallas, Texas which constructs, maintains and operates environmentally friendly power plants.	Panda Energy International	Dallas
headquarters location	Rhön-Klinikum is a German cooperation of hospitals and clinics headquartered in Bad Neustadt an der Saale, Germany.	Rhön-Klinikum	Bad Neustadt an der Saale
headquarters location	Newmarket Capital Group is a Los Angeles based film production and distribution company.	Newmarket Capital Group	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Seddon Atkinson Vehicles Limited, a manufacturer of large goods vehicles based in Oldham, Greater Manchester, England, was formed in mid 1970 when Atkinson Vehicles Limited of Preston was acquired by Seddon Diesel Vehicles Limited of Oldham.	Seddon Atkinson	Oldham
headquarters location	Seaspeed started cross-Channel services from Dover, England to Calais and Boulogne-sur-Mer, France using SR-N4 hovercraft in August 1968.	Seaspeed	Dover
headquarters location	Sagamore Farm is an American Thoroughbred horse breeding farm on Belmont Avenue in Reisterstown, Baltimore County, Maryland.	Sagamore Farm	Reisterstown
headquarters location	Limb Music is an independent record label based in Hamburg, Germany and specialized in various subgenres of heavy metal music.	Limb Music	Hamburg
headquarters location	Triple E Recreational Vehicles, a division of Triple E Canada, is a Canadian recreational vehicle manufacturing company located in Winkler, Manitoba established in 1965.	Triple E Recreational Vehicles	Winkler
headquarters location	Radio Entreolas is a radio station located in Pichilemu.	Radio Entreolas	Pichilemu
headquarters location	Mikawaya was founded as a small, traditional Japanese wagashi confectionery store in Los Angeles in 1910.	Mikawaya	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Air Berlin is headquartered in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, a borough of Berlin.	Air Berlin	Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
headquarters location	Böker or Tree Brand is a commercial manufacturer and distributor of knives, based in Solingen, Germany.	Böker	Solingen
headquarters location	Sakhalin Energy Investment Company Ltd. (Sakhalin Energy) is a consortium for developing the Sakhalin-II oil and gas project with corporate head office in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk.	Sakhalin Energy	Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
headquarters location	Preston & Barbieri is an amusement ride manufacturing company based in Reggio Emilia, Italy.	Preston & Barbieri	Reggio Emilia
headquarters location	Local food establishments in Anaheim sponsored Learn To Be's first benefit dinner in August 2009.	Learn To Be	Anaheim
headquarters location	Orient News is a Syrian media group owned by Syrian opposition Ghaasan Aboud, based in Dubai, providing news service to the Middle East with a focus on Syria.	Orient News	Dubai
headquarters location	Gull Petroleum is a Perth, Western Australian based petroleum company, which retails fuel in Western Australia and New Zealand.	Gull Petroleum	Perth
headquarters location	RNA Automation, a member of Rhein-Nadel Automation, was established in Birmingham UK in 1986, and has progressed into becoming the major supplier of parts handling equipment in the UK.	RNA Automation	Birmingham
headquarters location	Zhongsheng Group Holdings Limited is a multinational automotive retail and services company headquartered in Beijing, China.	Zhongsheng Group	Beijing
headquarters location	Carapelli (full name is Carapelli Firenze SpA ) is an Italian food company based in Tavarnelle Val di Pesa, which is a small town in the province of Florence, most famous for its extra virgin olive oil.	Carapelli	Tavarnelle Val di Pesa
headquarters location	SL Corporation (hangul:에스엘코포레이션) is a multinational automotive components manufacturing company headquartered in Gyeongsan, South Korea.	SL Corporation	Gyeongsan
headquarters location	Costain Group plc is a British construction and civil engineering company headquartered in Maidenhead.	Costain Group	Maidenhead
headquarters location	The Kposowa Foundation is a non-profit organization based out of Long Beach, California, USA.	Kposowa Foundation	Long Beach
headquarters location	Mousel is a beer founded in 1511 in Luxembourg.	Mousel	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Soldano (full name: Soldano Custom Amplification) is a guitar amplifier manufacturing company, founded in 1986 by Michael Soldano in Los Angeles, California and later relocated to Seattle, Washington.	Soldano Custom Amplification	Seattle
headquarters location	The London-based Isokon firm was founded in 1929 to design and construct modernist houses and flats, and subsequently furniture and fittings for them.	Isokon	London
headquarters location	Travel Guard remains based in Stevens Point, Wisconsin with a new CEO, Dean Sivley, to serve as the company's Chief Executive Officer.	Travel Guard	Stevens Point
headquarters location	Shougang Concord International is one of the most historical red chip shares in Hong Kong.	Shougang Concord International	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Tucher Bräu is a brewery and beer brand based in Fürth, Nuremberg, Germany.	Tucher Bräu	Nuremberg
headquarters location	InnoCentive is a Waltham, Massachusetts-based crowdsourcing company that accepts by commission research and development problems in engineering, computer science, math, chemistry, life sciences, physical sciences and business.	InnoCentive	Waltham
headquarters location	King Pharmaceuticals, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer based in Bristol, Tennessee.	King Pharmaceuticals	Bristol, Tennessee
headquarters location	AMR Corporation was a commercial aviation business and airline holding company based in Fort Worth, Texas, which was the parent company of American Airlines, American Eagle Airlines, AmericanConnection and Executive Airlines.	AMR Corporation	Fort Worth
headquarters location	Banesco's Caracas headquarters, Ciudad Banesco, at 65,000 m², is Latin America's largest bank headquarters.	Banesco	Caracas
headquarters location	National Cheng Kung University (NCKU; Chinese: 國立成功大學; pinyin: Guólì Chénggōng Dàxué) is a research-led comprehensive university in Tainan City, Taiwan.	National Cheng Kung University	Tainan
headquarters location	Private limited liability company Vilniaus prekyba is a private holding company, headquartered in Vilnius, Lithuania, that oversees, controls and manages the group of subsidiary companies operating the chains of retail stores and pharmacies in the Baltic States, Poland and Bulgaria.	Vilniaus prekyba	Vilnius
headquarters location	ASEA was founded 1883 by Ludvig Fredholm in Stockholm as manufacturer of electrical light and generators.	ASEA	Stockholm
headquarters location	The XBIZ Los Angeles Conference features adult entertainment business seminars, industry debates, state-of-the-industry discussions, keynotes from industry luminaries, and celebrity appearances.	XBIZ	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Stevens Vehicles Ltd is a British electric car and van manufacturer based in Port Talbot.	Stevens Vehicles	Port Talbot
headquarters location	Walchandnagar Industries Limited (WIL) (NSE: WALCHANNAG, BSE: 507410) is a heavy engineering products and EP&C services company, based in Mumbai, India.	Walchandnagar Industries	Mumbai
headquarters location	SkyBitz is an American company based in Herndon, Virginia, that provides machine to machine (M2M) solutions for the tracking and management of mobile assets.	SkyBitz	Herndon
headquarters location	EMTEC is part of the Dexxon Group headquartered in Gennevilliers, France and markets consumer computer data storage products and other computer related consumables.	EMTEC	Gennevilliers
headquarters location	L'Express Airlines, Inc. was an airline that was conceived as a regional airline to provide service to cities throughout Louisiana from its hub at New Orleans International Airport from 1989 to 1992.	L'Express Airlines	New Orleans
headquarters location	The manufacturer, also called Elgato, was founded in 1992 by Markus Fest and is headquartered in Munich, Germany.	Elgato	Munich
headquarters location	Atomico is an international technology investment firm headquartered in London, with offices in Beijing, Istanbul, São Paulo, and Tokyo.	Atomico	London
headquarters location	Unitus Impact is a social venture capital firm headquartered in San Francisco, California, with regional offices in India and Cambodia.	Unitus Impact	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Founder Institute is an American business incubator, entrepreneur training and startup launch program that was founded in Palo Alto, California in 2009.	The Founder Institute	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction Company (a.k.a. Lockheed Shipbuilding), was a shipyard in Seattle, Washington on Harbor Island at the mouth of the Duwamish River.	Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction Company	Seattle
headquarters location	FRS Iberia/Maroc operates services across the Strait of Gibraltar from Tarifa and Algeciras to Ceuta, Tangier and Tanger-Med.	FRS Iberia/Maroc	Tangier
headquarters location	Insurance Australia Group Limited (informally IAG) is a multinational insurance company headquartered in Sydney, Australia.	Insurance Australia Group	Sydney
headquarters location	API Healthcare is a GE Healthcare company, based in Hartford, WI and is a developer of healthcare-specific workforce management software.	API Healthcare	Hartford
headquarters location	The Wag-Aero Group is an American aircraft manufacturer, that was founded by Dick and Bobbie Wagner in the 1960s and is based in Lyons, Wisconsin.	Wag-Aero	Lyons
headquarters location	Affiliated Foods Midwest is a retailers' cooperative based in Norfolk, Nebraska and Elwood, Kansas and serving the states of Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, Wyoming, Nebraska, Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, South Dakota, North Dakota, Minnesota, and Michigan.	Affiliated Foods Midwest	Norfolk
headquarters location	LayerWalker had offices in Taipei.	LayerWalker	Taipei
headquarters location	Slovenská sporiteľňa, a.s., Tomášikova 48, Bratislava, 832 37, Slovakia	Slovenská sporiteľňa	Bratislava
headquarters location	Jr. Food Stores was founded in 1968 by the Reeves family of Bowling Green, Kentucky, which operated up to 9 larger supermarkets called Reeves Food Centers in and around their hometown.	Jr. Food Stores	Bowling Green
headquarters location	Mater Health Services is a public and private collocated hospital and health care provider located in and around the corner of Stanley Street and Annerley Road (known as Clarence Corner), South Brisbane, Queensland.	Mater Health Services	Brisbane
headquarters location	The Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway, opened in 1846, ran between the towns of Clifton and Bury in what is now Greater Manchester, and the district of Rossendale in Lancashire, England.	Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway	Greater Manchester
headquarters location	Disciplined Growth Investors, Inc. (or DGI) is a SEC-registered independent asset management firm founded in February 1997 by Fred Martin in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Disciplined Growth Investors	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Invesco Ltd. is an American independent investment management company that is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, and has branch offices in 20 countries.	Invesco	Atlanta
headquarters location	Gray Coach was an inter-city bus line based in Toronto, Ontario, from 1927 to 1991.	Gray Coach	Toronto
headquarters location	Age Concern was the banner title used by a number of charitable organisations (NGOs) specifically concerned with the needs and interests of all older people (defined as those over the age of 50) based chiefly in the four countries of the United Kingdom.	Age Concern	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Ab Initio Software is an American multinational enterprise software corporation based in Lexington, Massachusetts.	Ab Initio Software	Lexington
headquarters location	St Christopher Iba Mar Diop College of Medicine was a medical training establishment in Luton, England, as a college within the University El Hadji Ibrahima Niasse of Dakar, Senegal.	St Christopher Iba Mar Diop College of Medicine	Luton
headquarters location	The Pearl Brewing Company (also known as the Pearl Brewery or just Pearl) was an American brewery, established in 1883 in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Pearl Brewing Company	San Antonio
headquarters location	Mälarenergi AB is a city-owned electric power and district heating provider based in Västerås, Sweden.	Mälarenergi	Västerås
headquarters location	IKSU (Idrottsklubben Studenterna i Umeå) is a sports club and nonprofit organization in Umeå.	IKSU	Umeå
headquarters location	Conexus Credit Union is a credit union based in Regina, Saskatchewan.	Conexus Credit Union	Regina
headquarters location	Techreturns was founded in 2009, is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands and is a part of Social Enterprise Nederland.	Techreturns	Amsterdam
headquarters location	The company was established by Franz Zentis on 20 June 1893 in Aachen as a trading company.	Zentis	Aachen
headquarters location	The Scottish American Investment Company is managed by Baillie Gifford & Co Limited, the Edinburgh based investment management partnership.	Scottish American Investment Company	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Fairman's is a well-known skate, snow and surf shop located in West Chester, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Fairman's	West Chester
headquarters location	CBRE Group, Inc. is an American commercial real estate company with headquarters in Los Angeles, California.	CBRE Group	Los Angeles
headquarters location	DivX, Inc. (now DivX, LLC and also formerly known as DivXNetworks, Inc.), based in San Diego, California, is a subsidiary of NeuLion, Inc. as of January, 2015.	DivX, Inc.	San Diego
headquarters location	Avelgood Apps is mobile phone applications development company based in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.	Avelgood	Bulawayo
headquarters location	The New Jersey Library Association (NJLA) is a library organization located in Trenton, New Jersey.	New Jersey Library Association	Trenton
headquarters location	She purchased 850 acres (3.4 km2) in Upperville, Virginia, again using the name Brookmeade Stable.	Brookmeade Stable	Upperville, Virginia
headquarters location	Think Brownstone, Inc. is an American experience design firm with studios in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, and Center City, Philadelphia.	Think Brownstone	Conshohocken
headquarters location	The company, Diino Systems AB, was founded 2004 and is based Stockholm, Sweden, with sales offices in Atlanta, London and Mexico City.	Diino	Stockholm
headquarters location	The Faculty of Advocates is a constituent part of the College of Justice and is based in Edinburgh.	Faculty of Advocates	Edinburgh
headquarters location	NES Financial is based in San Jose, California and maintains a regional office in Boston.	NES Financial	San Jose
headquarters location	THD Electronics, Ltd. is a manufacturer of vacuum-tube guitar amplifiers and amplifier accessories, and is located in Seattle, Washington.	THD Electronics	Seattle
headquarters location	Raw Thrills, Inc. is an arcade game entertainment company based in Skokie, Illinois.	Raw Thrills	Skokie
headquarters location	Seabridge Gold is a Toronto-based North American resource exploration company.	Seabridge Gold	Toronto
headquarters location	Waha Capital (traded as ADX: WAHA:UH) is an Abu Dhabi-based investment company focused on opportunities across the global emerging Middle East markets.	Waha Capital	Abu Dhabi
headquarters location	Infinity Property & Casualty Corporation, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a national provider of car insurance.	Infinity Property & Casualty Corporation	Birmingham
headquarters location	International Network Services Inc. (INS) was a network architecture services provider based in Mountain View, California.	International Network Services Inc.	Mountain View
headquarters location	After BodyMap was shown at a ``New London in New York'' show designed to introduce young British design talent to American audiences, and garnered substantial publicity from the U.S. fashion press, it then attracted interest from the UK press.	BodyMap	London
headquarters location	Breadtop (Chinese: 包店, pinyin: bāo diàn) is an Australia-based bakery franchise selling a wide range of bread, cakes, buns and pastries.	Breadtop	Australia
headquarters location	Tired Hands Brewing Company is a brew-cafe founded in 2011 in Ardmore, Pennsylvania, USA by Jean Broillet IV. The current location at 16 Ardmore Ave has a 1,000 barrel per year capacity.	Tired Hands Brewing Company	Ardmore
headquarters location	Chantiers Dubigeon was a shipyard established in 1760 by Julien Dubigeon in Nantes, France.	Chantiers Dubigeon	Nantes
headquarters location	The AMT Genova, formally known as the Azienda Mobilità e Trasporti and formerly as the Azienda Municipalizzata Trasporti, is a joint stock company that holds the concession for public transport in the Italian city of Genoa.	AMT Genova	Genoa
headquarters location	Telelift is headquartered in Maisach, near Munich in Germany and has three subsidiaries in Berlin, Stuttgart and Singapore.	Telelift	Maisach
headquarters location	The Cape Higher Education Consortium (CHEC) is an association whose members are the four universities in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Cape Higher Education Consortium	Western Cape
headquarters location	In 2009, EMI Latin ended its partnership with Televisa, moved from Miami to Los Angeles, and was renamed to Capitol Latin.	Capitol Latin	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Allens Boots is a retail store in Austin, Texas, that specializes in western wear.	Allens Boots	Austin
headquarters location	Network Automation was a Los Angeles-based software company.	Network Automation	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Color Climax Corporation ApS (CCC) is a Danish pornography producer headquartered in Copenhagen.	Color Climax Corporation	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Nameless Sound is an organization based in Houston, Texas founded by musician David Dove, which presents international contemporary music and new methods in arts education.	Nameless Sound	Houston
headquarters location	Rönesans Holding operates in Turkey, Commonwealth of Independent States, Europe, Middle East and North Africa.	Rönesans Holding	Turkey
headquarters location	D. Reidel was an academic publishing company based in Dordrecht.	D. Reidel	Dordrecht
headquarters location	Effects Associates is a physical-effects facility based in Pinewood Studios and one of the longest serving such companies in Europe.	Effects Associates	Pinewood Studios
headquarters location	Charged with writing and passing laws for the island of Oʻahu, the Honolulu City Council meets in chambers at Honolulu Hale year-round.	Honolulu City Council	Honolulu Hale
headquarters location	Just days after the appellate court's second ruling, executives of Ben Cooper, Inc. announced they were moving the company to Greensboro, North Carolina.	Ben Cooper, Inc.	Greensboro
headquarters location	Ticknor and Fields (1854-1889) was an American publishing company based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Ticknor and Fields	Boston
headquarters location	Hart Energy is an energy industry publisher based in Houston.	Hart Energy	Houston
headquarters location	LaPorte CPAs and Business Advisors is an accounting and business advisory firm based in New Orleans, USA.	LaPorte CPAs and Business Advisors	New Orleans
headquarters location	E2open is headquartered in Foster City, California, with operations in Benelux, China, France, Germany, India, Malaysia, and the United Kingdom.	E2open	Foster City
headquarters location	Bento Box Entertainment (also known as Bento Box Animation) is an American animation studio located in Burbank, California.	Bento Box Entertainment	Burbank
headquarters location	Riverside Partners is an American investment firm, specializing in private equity, based in Boston.	Riverside Partners	Boston
headquarters location	Rupp Industries was a Mansfield, Ohio based manufacturer of go-karts, minibikes, snowmobiles and other off-road vehicles founded by Mickey Rupp in 1959.	Rupp Industries	Mansfield
headquarters location	Wright's Biscuits (also Wright's (South Shields)) were established in 1790 by L Wright & Son.	Wright's Biscuits	South Shields
headquarters location	IndieVest, founded in 2004, is an independent film studio, financier, distributor based in Los Angeles.	IndieVest	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Maxim Healthcare Services is a privately held medical staffing company headquartered in Columbia, Maryland.	Maxim Healthcare Services	Columbia
headquarters location	BLU Products is an American mobile phone manufacturer founded in 2009 and headquartered in Doral, a suburb of Miami, Florida.	BLU Products	Doral
headquarters location	Equity Office Properties Trust, formed in 1976 by Samuel Zell and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, was the largest owner of office buildings in the United States until the Blackstone Group acquired them in February 2007 for $23 billion plus the assumption of $16 billion in debt.	Equity Office	Chicago
headquarters location	The Rodda Paint Company was founded in 1932 by Arthur Rodda along with his first employee Thomas 'Morey' Braden in Portland, Oregon.	Rodda Paint	Portland
headquarters location	The Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security (CIAS) was established at The University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) in 2001 as part of UTSA's creation of a cyber security program.	Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security	San Antonio
headquarters location	Deliv is a Menlo Park-based crowdsourced, same-day delivery startup.	Deliv	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Pro Mach, Inc. is a packaging machinery company headquartered in Loveland, Ohio.	Pro Mach	Loveland
headquarters location	The HollyFrontier Corporation is a Fortune 500 company based in Dallas, TX.	HollyFrontier	Dallas
headquarters location	The Alternative Port Working Party is a community action group based in Whyalla, South Australia on the shore of northern Spencer Gulf.	Alternative Port Working Party	Whyalla
headquarters location	The Game Bakers is an independent game studio based in Montpellier, France.	The Game Bakers	Montpellier
headquarters location	The Manuel Rivera-Ortiz Foundation for Documentary Photography & Film is a non-profit private operating foundation headquartered in Rochester, New York.	The Manuel Rivera-Ortiz Foundation for Documentary Photography & Film	Rochester
headquarters location	Media Molecule is a British video game developer based in Guildford in Surrey.	Media Molecule	Guildford
headquarters location	OneUnited Bank is an African-American-owned and managed Massachusetts-chartered trust company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.	OneUnited Bank	Boston
headquarters location	I-GO was a Chicago-based car sharing organization owned by Enterprise Holdings.	I-GO	Chicago
headquarters location	Naseej is a Limited Liability Company (LLC) headquartered in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia providing IT solutions for libraries, knowledge centers and higher education in the Arab world.	Naseej	Riyadh
headquarters location	Banca Transilvania (BT) is a banking institution with headquarters in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Banca Transilvania	Cluj-Napoca
headquarters location	Otelco, Inc. is a publicly traded telecommunications holding company based in Oneonta, Alabama.	Otelco	Oneonta
headquarters location	Crestline Hotels & Resorts, Inc. is an independent hospitality management company headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia, United States.	Crestline Hotels & Resorts	Fairfax
headquarters location	Adder Technology is a manufacturer of information technology hardware based in Cambridge, England, UK.	Adder Technology	Cambridge
headquarters location	Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Arts (ASUCA; Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Dövlət Mədəniyyət və İncəsənət Universiteti) was founded in 1923 on the basis of the Baku Theatrical College.	Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Arts	Baku
headquarters location	Built by a M. Louis Jousset of Bellac in Haute Vienne, they were Ruby or CIME engined sports and touring cars of 1099 cc and 1496 cc.	Jousset	Bellac
headquarters location	The 4th Street Food Co-op is a food cooperative located in New York City.	4th Street Food Co-op	New York City
headquarters location	The first Storables was located in Beaverton Town Square outside of Portland, Oregon.	Storables	Portland
headquarters location	Capricode is a privately owned company having the head office in Oulu, Finland.	Capricode	Oulu
headquarters location	VDL Nedcar is an automotive manufacturing company based in Born, Netherlands.	VDL Nedcar	Born
headquarters location	The Lost Abbey Brewing Company is a brewery in San Marcos, run by Director of Brewery Operations Tomme Arthur.	Lost Abbey	San Marcos
headquarters location	Auslogics is a privately owned developer and publisher of computer maintenance and optimization software for the Microsoft Windows operating system based in Pacific Highway, Sydney, Australia.	Auslogics	Sydney
headquarters location	Western Publishing, also known as Western Printing and Lithographing Company, was a Racine, Wisconsin, firm responsible for publishing the Little Golden Books.	Western Publishing	Racine
headquarters location	Xonox, based in Minnesota, started developing Atari cartridges during the height of the 2600's popularity.	Xonox	Minnesota
headquarters location	Gazprom Neft was created under the name Sibneft (Russian: Сибнефть) in 1995 by the transfer of state owned shares in Noyabrskneftegas (production unit), the Omsk Refinery (Russia's largest oil refining complex), Noyabrskneftegasgeophysica (exploration) and Omsknefteprodukt (oil products distribution network) from Rosneft.	Gazprom Neft	Omsk
headquarters location	In December, 2013 the Lotus Group made the '1,000 Companies to Inspire Britain' list of the UK's most exciting small and medium-sized companies, drawn up by the London Stock Exchange.	Lotus Group	London
headquarters location	Cinéaste One is an arts and cultural organization based in Karachi formed for the purpose of establishing an infrastructure to encourage and promote short film making in Pakistan.	Cinéaste One	Karachi
headquarters location	I/Gear, Inc. is a software and solutions company based in Louisville, Kentucky.	I/Gear	Louisville
headquarters location	Ellis Guitars is a company based in Perth, Western Australia producing handmade acoustic guitars and acoustic stompboxes.	Ellis Guitars	Perth
headquarters location	Double Eleven is a British video game developer and video game publisher based in Middlesbrough, United Kingdom.	Double Eleven	Middlesbrough
headquarters location	Cheapass Games is a game company founded and run by game designer James Ernest, based in Seattle, Washington.	Cheapass Games	Seattle
headquarters location	Liquid Entertainment is a small American independent video game developer based in Pasadena, California.	Liquid Entertainment	Pasadena
headquarters location	Arsenal AD (Bulgarian: Арсенал АД) is a Bulgarian joint-stock company based in Kazanlak, engaged primarily in the manufacture of firearms and military equipment.	Arsenal AD	Kazanlak
headquarters location	Camps International Ltd is an international volunteer travel operator headquartered in Ringwood, Hampshire UK and Dubai, UAE.	Camps International	Ringwood
headquarters location	Coopers Brewery Limited, the largest Australian-owned brewery, is based in the Adelaide suburb of Regency Park.	Coopers Brewery	Adelaide
headquarters location	Texas Precious Metals, based in Shiner, Texas, is one of the largest precious metals dealer in the United States.	Texas Precious Metals	Shiner
headquarters location	Simba Technologies Inc. is a software company based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Simba Technologies	Vancouver
headquarters location	Rex, Rex Motorcycles, Rex-Acme, was a motorcycle company which began in Birmingham, England in 1900.	Rex-Acme	Birmingham
headquarters location	The CITS Group Corporation (Chinese: 中国国旅集团有限公司; pinyin: Zhōngguó Guólǚ Jítuán Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a state-owned leisure and tourism corporation based in Beijing, China.	CITS Group Corporation	Beijing
headquarters location	Surreal World is a digital visual effects and animation studio based in Melbourne, Australia.	Surreal World	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Columbia River Shipbuilding Company was a small shipyard in Portland, Oregon, United States, located on the west bank of the Willamette River.	Columbia River Shipbuilding Company	Portland
headquarters location	Woodland Pattern Book Center is a nonprofit organization in Milwaukee, Wisconsin's Riverwest neighborhood that seeks to present small press literature, readings, visual art, and experimental music with a focus on contemporary practice.	Woodland Pattern Book Center	Milwaukee
headquarters location	The Hypo Real Estate Holding AG is a holding company based in Munich, Germany which comprises a number of real estate financing banks.	Hypo Real Estate	Munich
headquarters location	The Tri-State Transportation Campaign (TSTC) is a non-profit advocacy and policy organization dedicated to reducing car and truck dependency and promoting a ``more balanced, environmentally sound and equitable transportation network'' in downstate New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.	Tri-State Transportation Campaign	New York
headquarters location	Banfield Pet Hospital is a privately owned company based in Portland, Oregon, United States, that operates veterinary clinics.	Banfield Pet Hospital	Portland
headquarters location	Based in Oakland, California, the No Kill Advocacy Center is a non-profit organization led by Nathan Winograd, dedicated to expanding no kill animal sheltering across the United States.	No Kill Advocacy Center	Oakland
headquarters location	Eckel Industries is an acoustics noise control company founded 1952 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Eckel Industries	Cambridge
headquarters location	Canalside Studios is a games company within the University of Huddersfield.	Canalside Studios	Huddersfield
headquarters location	Grupo Salvador Caetano, SGPS, SA or simply Salvador Caetano is a Portuguese holding based in Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal that controls some enterprises on vehicle assembly, components and distribution business.	Salvador Caetano	Vila Nova de Gaia
headquarters location	The Democratic Governors Association (DGA) is a Washington, D.C. based 527 organization founded in 1983, consisting of U.S. state and territorial governors affiliated with the Democratic Party.	Democratic Governors Association	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Zaner-Bloser, Inc., headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, publishes research-based handwriting, reading, writing, spelling, and vocabulary programs.	Zaner-Bloser	Columbus
headquarters location	Mechanism Digital is a motion graphics production company in New York City.	Mechanism Digital	New York
headquarters location	Ad Perpetuam Memoriam (APM) was an independent record label based in Borlänge, Sweden.	Ad Perpetuam Memoriam	Borlänge
headquarters location	In May 2014, Kimberly-Clark announced that the Form 10 for the spin-off plan had been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and that the new company, Halyard Health, would be headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia.	Halyard Health	Alpharetta
headquarters location	Air Marshall Islands is an airline based in Majuro, in the Marshall Islands.	Air Marshall Islands	Majuro
headquarters location	St. Martin's Press is a book publisher headquartered in the Flatiron Building in New York City.	St. Martin's Press	New York City
headquarters location	The Artaria String Quartet (originally the Artaria Quartet of Boston) is a Minnesota--based string quartet in residence at Sundin Music Hall on the campus of Hamline University.	Artaria String Quartet	Boston
headquarters location	RasGas operates seven LNG trains located in Ras Laffan Industrial City.	RasGas	Ras Laffan Industrial City
headquarters location	Hero Cycles Limited, based in Ludhiana Punjab, India, is a manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle related products.	Hero Cycles	Ludhiana
headquarters location	Wagram Music is a French independent record label located in Paris.	Wagram Music	Paris
headquarters location	Zojoi, LLC is a video game software development company based in Charlottesville, Virginia.	Zojoi	Charlottesville
headquarters location	Livefyre is a San Francisco-based technology company with offices in New York, London and Sydney.	Livefyre	San Francisco
headquarters location	Reelkandi was an online entertainment and lifestyle video-on-demand television channel, based in London, United Kingdom.	Reelkandi	London
headquarters location	Coachmaster was an Australian bus bodybuilder in Sydney.	Coachmaster	Sydney
headquarters location	VakıfBank was established in Ankara and quickly began conducting banking activities with branch offices in Istanbul, Ankara and İzmir.	VakıfBank	Istanbul
headquarters location	Adaptive Insights, Inc., formerly Adaptive Planning, Inc., is a privately held software as a service company headquartered in Palo Alto, California.	Adaptive Insights	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Kindermusik International, Inc. is a corporation headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Kindermusik International	Greensboro
headquarters location	The Slavic Greek Latin Academy (Russian: Славяно-греко-латинская академия) is the first higher education establishment in Moscow, Russia and the most important in issues regarding the studies of Orthodox Christian theology.	Slavic Greek Latin Academy	Moscow
headquarters location	Shake Shack is an American fast casual restaurant chain based in New York City.	Shake Shack	New York City
headquarters location	Vodafone Egypt was initially headquartered in Maadi, Cairo since 1998 and until 2003; when Vodafone moved its headquarters to the Sixth of October City.	Vodafone Egypt	Cairo
headquarters location	Åbo Skeppswarfs Aktie Bolaget was a shipbuilding company that operated in Turku, Finland Proper, in 1741--1883.	Åbo Skeppswarf	Turku
headquarters location	Piaggio Aerospace, formerly Piaggio Aero Industries S.p.A., is a multinational aerospace manufacturing company headquartered in Genoa, Italy.	Piaggio Aerospace	Genoa
headquarters location	Coal India Limited (CIL) is an Indian state-controlled coal mining company headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Coal India	Kolkata
headquarters location	LifeSpring Hospitals is an Indian hospital chain, which provides maternity care to women from the low-income group in Hyderabad, India.	LifeSpring Hospitals	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Artcurial is a French auction house headquartered in the historic Hôtel Marcel Dassault in Paris.	Artcurial	Paris
headquarters location	Spirent Communications plc is a multinational telecommunications testing company headquartered in Crawley, West Sussex, in the United Kingdom.	Spirent	Crawley
headquarters location	The Vignerons indépendants de France (VIF) (English: Independent winemakers of France) is a viticultural trade association based in Paris that promotes and assists small and independent winemakers within France, similar to the British Society of Independent Brewers(SIBA).	Vignerons indépendants de France	Paris
headquarters location	Mary Kay is based in Addison, Texas, outside Dallas.	Mary Kay	Addison, Texas
headquarters location	Bjarke Ingels Group, often referred to as BIG, is a Copenhagen and New York based group of architects, designers, builders and thinkers operating within the fields of architecture, urbanism, research and development.	Bjarke Ingels Group	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Fortune International Group is a real estate development, sales and brokerage company based in Miami founded in the early 1980s.	Fortune International Group	Miami
headquarters location	Ikano Group is a privately held international group of companies with the parent company Ikano S.A. based in Luxembourg.	Ikano	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Pearson's Candy Company is an American chocolate and confectionery manufacturer headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Pearson's Candy Company	Saint Paul
headquarters location	Certina Holding AG is a holding company for niche manufacturers, specialised construction and IT companies with its headquarters in Grünwald near Munich in Germany, growing organically and through acquisitions.	Certina Holding	Grünwald
headquarters location	Hilton Grand Vacations Company, LLC, a subsidiary of Hilton Worldwide, is based in Orlando, Florida.	Hilton Grand Vacations Company	Orlando
headquarters location	The original Lionel Corporation was founded in 1900 by Joshua Lionel Cowen and Harry C. Grant in New York City.	Lionel Corporation	New York City
headquarters location	Manyata Embassy Business Park (also called Manyata Tech Park) is a software technology park in Bangalore, Karnataka India.	Manyata Embassy Business Park	Bangalore
headquarters location	Patton & Fisher was an architectural firm in Chicago, Illinois.	Patton & Fisher	Chicago
headquarters location	PACE Sports Management is a British athlete management company based in the outskirts of London in Teddington, directed by former Irish under-23 runner Ricky Simms.	PACE Sports Management	London
headquarters location	Maxi D is a Macedonian discount supermarket chain, a part of the Skopski pazar AD Skopje company.	Maxi D	Skopje
headquarters location	Telemundo is headquartered in the Miami suburb of Hialeah, Florida, and has 1,900 employees worldwide.	Telemundo	Hialeah
headquarters location	Carpet One Floor & Home and its parent, CCA Global Partners, are based in Manchester, New Hampshire and St. Louis, Missouri.	Carpet One	Manchester
headquarters location	Meomi Design Inc is a Canadian/American design studio based in Vancouver and Los Angeles founded by Vicki Wong and Michael C. Murphy.	Meomi Design	Vancouver	Los Angeles
headquarters location	La Bou is a chain of bakery-café cafe restaurants in the Sacramento area which sells sandwiches, soups, salads, breads, and bakery items.	La Bou	Sacramento
headquarters location	Promens' headquarters are in Kópavogur, Iceland.	Promens	Kópavogur
headquarters location	In 1883, his 3 sons, Max Bunzl, Ludwig Bunzl and Julius Bunzl, changed the name of the company to Bunzl & Biach AG, and moved the headquarters to Vienna, Austria.	Bunzl	Vienna
headquarters location	For Summer 2007 EasyCruise relocated to the Greek Islands for a 14-night itinerary taking in the ports of Piraeus (Athens), Mykonos, Paros, Sifnos, Poros, Spetses, Milos, Ios, Amorgos, Naxos, Folegandros and Serifos.	EasyCruise	Athens
headquarters location	It was also announced that InstantAction would be split into two divisions, one in Portland, Oregon and the other in Las Vegas, Nevada.	InstantAction	Las Vegas
headquarters location	Adcor Defense is a firearms manufacturer located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Adcor Defense	Baltimore
headquarters location	DSP Media, formerly known as DSP Entertainment, is a Korean entertainment company, headquartered in Seoul, South Korea that was established in 1991 by Lee HoYeon.	DSP Media	Seoul
headquarters location	The Mills Novelty Company, Incorporated of Chicago, Illinois was once a leading manufacturer of coin operated machines, including slot machines, vending machines, and jukeboxes, in the United States.	Mills Novelty Company	Chicago
headquarters location	Bath Ales is a brewery located in the town of Warmley, Bristol, north-west of Bath, England.	Bath Ales	Warmley
headquarters location	The Prince William Chamber of Commerce is the local chamber of commerce for Prince William County, Virginia, and the cities of Manassas and Manassas Park.	Prince William Chamber of Commerce	Prince William County
headquarters location	Zotye Auto (Chinese: 众泰汽车; pinyin: Zhòngtài Qìchē; officially Zotye International Automobile Trading Co., Ltd.) is a privately owned Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Yongkang, Zhejiang, China.	Zotye Auto	Zhejiang
headquarters location	Hagstrom Map, based in Maspeth, Queens, was the best-selling brand of road maps in the New York City metropolitan area in the 20th and early 21st century.	Hagstrom Map	Maspeth, Queens
headquarters location	The American Bankers Association (ABA) is a Washington, D.C.-based trade association for the U.S. banking industry.	American Bankers Association	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Founded in 1980, Marina Rinaldi Group takes its name from the great-grandmother of the founder of Max Mara Fashion Group, Achille Maramotti, who in 1850 owned a fashion atelier in Reggio Emilia, Italy.	Marina Rinaldi	Reggio Emilia
inception	The church and most of its monastic buildings survived, with the monastic buildings converted as barracks and billets for the Bavarian Army, and the church as a customs hall, a drill hall and a hotel until it became the location of the Regensburg Museum of History in 1931.	Regensburg Museum of History	1931
inception	Nile Badrawi Hospital is a private hospital that was established in 1985 in Cairo, Egypt.	Nile Badrawi Hospital	1985
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Furnese, 2nd Baronet (1 August 1687 -- 7 March 1733) was an English politician who sat in the British House of Commons from 1708 until his death.	Robert Furnese	English
languages spoken or written	Wojciech Korfanty (born Adalbert Korfanty, IPA: (ˈvɔjt͡ɕɛx kɔɾˈfantɨ)) (20 April 1873 - 17 August 1939) was a Polish activist, journalist and politician, who served as a member of the German parliaments, the Reichstag and the Prussian Landtag, and later, in the Polish Sejm.	Wojciech Korfanty	German
languages spoken or written	André Raffray (1925--2010) was a French graphic artist.	André Raffray	French
languages spoken or written	Daniele Del Giudice (b. 1949, Rome) is an Italian author and lecturer.	Daniele Del Giudice	Italian
languages spoken or written	Detlev Glanert (born 6 September 1960) is a German opera composer, who has also composed numerous works for chamber and full orchestra, including three symphonies.	Detlev Glanert	German
languages spoken or written	Zao Wou-Ki (pinyin: Zhào Wújí; Wade--Giles: Chao Wu-chi; 13 February 1920 -- 9 April 2013) was a Chinese-French painter.	Zao Wou-Ki	French
languages spoken or written	Eduard Fuchs (31 January 1870, Göppingen -- 26 January 1940, Paris) was a German Marxist scholar of culture and history, writer, art collector, and political activist.	Eduard Fuchs	German
languages spoken or written	François Alluaud (21 September 1778, Limoges -- 18 February 1866, Limoges) was a French manufacturer of Limoges porcelain, geologist and mineralogist.	François Alluaud	French
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Kehrer (born 21 January 1956) is a graduated educationalist who is known as a German author whose success led to a substantial change in German crime fiction and who brought a new industry to his chosen home town Münster.	Jürgen Kehrer	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Pörtner (25 January 1925 -- 16 November 1984) was a German playwright, novelist, translator, and editor.	Paul Pörtner	German
languages spoken or written	Svein Erik Brodal (born 21 February 1939 in Østre Toten, Oppland) is a Norwegian actor, theatre director, poet, novelist and politician.	Svein Erik Brodal	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Benvenuto Rambaldi da Imola, or simply and perhaps more accurately Benvenuto da Imola (Latin: Benevenutus Imolensis) (1320? -- 1388) was an Italian scholar and historian, a lecturer at Bologna.	Benvenuto Rambaldi da Imola	Latin
languages spoken or written	Ilona Staller (born 26 November 1951), widely known by her stage name, Cicciolina, is a Hungarian-Italian porn star, politician, and singer.	Ilona Staller	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luis Recasens Siches (1903, Guatemala City -- 1977) was a Spanish politician and a legal philosopher.	Luis Recasens	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francesco Bocchi (1548 - March 31, 1613 or 1618) was an Italian writer of the late Renaissance, active in Florence.	Francesco Bocchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georges Lefebvre (6 August 1874 -- 28 August 1959) was a French historian, best known for his work on the French Revolution and peasant life.	Georges Lefebvre	French
languages spoken or written	François Joseph Westermann (5 September 1751 -- 5 April 1794) was a French general of the Revolutionary Wars and political figure of the French Revolution.	François Joseph Westermann	French
languages spoken or written	Boris Ephrussi (Russian: Борис Самойлович Эфрусси; 9 May 1901 -- 2 May 1979), Professor of Genetics at the University of Paris, was a Russo-French geneticist.	Boris Ephrussi	French
languages spoken or written	Teresa Franchini (19 September, 1877-- 11 August, 1972) was an Italian stage and film actress.	Teresa Franchini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bram Dijkstra (born 5 July 1938) is a retired professor of English literature and the author of seven books on literary and artistic subjects.	Bram Dijkstra	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Gandon was a French illustrator and engraver of postage stamps.	Pierre Gandon	French
languages spoken or written	Guichard Joseph Duverney or Joseph-Guichard Du Verney (5 August 1648 -- 10 September 1730) was a French anatomist.	Guichard Joseph Duverney	French
languages spoken or written	Ivan Kamenec (August 27, 1938 Nitra) is a Slovak historian.	Ivan Kamenec	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Andrea De Carlo (born on December 11, 1952 in Milan) is a popular Italian writer.	Andrea De Carlo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Archer, 1st Baron Archer (21 July 1695 -- 19 October 1768) was an English Member of Parliament, who was created Baron Archer in 1747.	Thomas Archer, 1st Baron Archer	English
languages spoken or written	Abraham Gotthelf Kästner (27 September 1719 -- 20 June 1800) was a German mathematician and epigrammatist.	Abraham Gotthelf Kästner	German
languages spoken or written	Vladimir Lukov (Bulgarian : Владимир Луков) (June 2, 1949) is a Bulgarian poet.	Vladimir Lukov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Baron Detlev von Liliencron born Friedrich Adolf Axel Detlev Liliencron (June 3, 1844 in Kiel -- July 22, 1909) was a German lyric poet and novelist from Kiel.	Detlev von Liliencron	German
languages spoken or written	Viivi Luik (born 6 November 1946, in Tänassilma, Estonia) is an Estonian poet and prosaist.	Viivi Luik	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Jean Girard (8 August 1696 -- 23 February 1765) was a French organist, serpent player, and schoolmaster who was primarily active in Canada.	Jean Girard	French
languages spoken or written	Luciano Violante (born 25 September 1941) is an Italian judge and politician, Member of Parliament since 1979.	Luciano Violante	Italian
languages spoken or written	Odd Nerdrum (born 8 April 1944 in Helsingborg, Sweden) is a Norwegian figurative painter.	Odd Nerdrum	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Michael Stausberg (born April 28, 1966) is a German scholar on religion.	Michael Stausberg	German
languages spoken or written	Mihail Dragomirescu (March 22, 1868 -- November 25, 1942) was a Romanian aesthetician, literary theorist and critic.	Mihail Dragomirescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Satprem (30 October 1923 -- 9 April 2007) was a French author and a disciple of Mirra Alfassa.	Satprem	French
languages spoken or written	Theodore Lyman (English pronunciation: /ˈlaɪmən/; November 23, 1874 -- October 11, 1954) was a U.S. physicist and spectroscopist, born in Boston.	Theodore Lyman	English
languages spoken or written	Conrad Paumann (c. 1410 -- January 24, 1473) was a German organist, lutenist and composer of the early Renaissance.	Conrad Paumann	German
languages spoken or written	Albert Houtin (4 October 1867 -- 28 July 1926) was a French Catholic theologian and historian with a focus on the history of doctrine and on modernism in French religion.	Albert Houtin	French
languages spoken or written	Emilio Lussu (December 4, 1890 -- March 5, 1975) was an Italian soldier, politician and a writer.	Emilio Lussu	Italian
languages spoken or written	Oh Sangwon (Hangul: 오상원) was a South Korean writer and journalist.	Oh Sangwon	Korean
languages spoken or written	Marcel Gimond (1894--1961) was a French sculptor born in the Ardèche region of France.	Marcel Gimond	French
languages spoken or written	Qiu Zhijie (邱志杰; born 1969) is a contemporary Chinese artist who works primarily in video and photography.	Qiu Zhijie	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Hélène Martin (French: (elɛn maʁtɛ̃), born in Paris, 1928) is a French singer and songwriter.	Hélène Martin	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Restany (24 June 1930 -- 29 May 2003), was an internationally known French art critic and cultural philosopher.	Pierre Restany	French
languages spoken or written	Maud Diver (born Katherine Helen Maud Marshall; 9 September 1867 -- 14 October 1945) was an English author in British India who wrote novels, short stories, biographies and journalistic pieces primarily on Indian topics and Englishmen in India.	Maud Diver	English
languages spoken or written	Literature by and about Klaus Hemmerle in the German National Library catalogue Ekkart Sauser (1998).	Klaus Hemmerle	German
languages spoken or written	Joseph Wittig (January 22, 1879 -- August 22, 1949) was a German theologian and writer born in Neusorge, a village in the district of Neurode, Silesia.	Joseph Wittig	German
languages spoken or written	Slavenka Drakulić (born July 4, 1949) is a Croatian novelist and non-fiction writer who lives in Sweden.	Slavenka Drakulić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Sigitas Parulskis (born February 10, 1965 in Obeliai, Rokiškis) is a Lithuanian poet, essayist, playwright and reviewer.	Sigitas Parulskis	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Chinni Jayanth (born Krishnamurthy Narayanan on 26 July 1960) is a Tamil director, Producer, Comedian, Actor, and Mimicry Artist, who has appeared in many Main, Character and Supporting roles in Tamil films.	Chinni Jayanth	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Trude Dothan (Hebrew: טרודה דותן‎; 12 October 1922 -- 28 January 2016) was an Israeli archaeologist who focused on the Late Bronze and Iron Ages in the region, in particular in Philistine culture.	Trude Dothan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Pierre Brébiette (1598 ? - 1642) was a French painter, who produced several drawings but has left only one signed and identified work.	Pierre Brébiette	French
languages spoken or written	Ovid Densusianu (Romanian pronunciation: (oˈvid densuʃiˈanu); also known under his pen name Ervin; 29 December 1873, Făgăraș -- 9 June 1938, Bucharest) was a Romanian poet, philologist, linguist, folklorist, literary historian and critic, şef de şcoală poetică, university professor and journalist.	Ovid Densusianu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Dariush Shayegan (born 2 February 1935, in Tehran) (Persian: داریوش شایگان‎‎) is one of Iran's prominent thinkers, cultural theorists and comparative philosophers.	Dariush Shayegan	Persian
languages spoken or written	French artist, painter and designer, Claude-Max Lochu was born in 1951 in Delle in Territoire de Belfort, Franche-Comté and completed his degree at the École des Beaux-Arts of Besançon.	Claude-Max Lochu	French
languages spoken or written	Cipriano Rivas Cherif (1891--1967) was a Spanish playwright and director, owner of the Caracol Theatre Club and one of the pioneering directors of the Spanish theatrical avant-garde in the early twentieth century.	Cipriano Rivas Cherif	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Raymond Asso (2 June 1901 -- 24 October 1968) was a French lyricist.	Raymond Asso	French
languages spoken or written	Alain Senderens (born 2 December 1939 in Hyères, Var) is a leading French chef credited as one of the founders of Nouvelle Cuisine.	Alain Senderens	French
languages spoken or written	Maria Banuș (born Marioara Banuș; April 10, 1914 -- July 14, 1999) was a Romanian poet, essayist, prose writer and translator.	Maria Banuș	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Sigmund Moren (27 November 1913 -- 4 February 1996) was a Norwegian philologist, encyclopedist, literary critic, theatre critic and children's writer.	Sigmund Moren	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Radhika Chaudhari is an Indian actress, who has worked in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu film industries, predominantly in the early 2000s.	Radhika Chaudhari	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Lee Hyeon-sook (Hangul: 이현숙; born November 12, 1971) is a South Korean manhwa artist who made her debut in 1992.	Lee Hyeon-sook	Korean
languages spoken or written	Francesco Maria Brancaccio (15 April 1592, Canneto, near Bari -- 9 January 1675) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal.	Francesco Maria Brancaccio	Italian
languages spoken or written	André Gernez (25 January 1923 -- 8 January 2014) was a French non-conventional physician.	André Gernez	French
languages spoken or written	Shraddha Das is an Indian film actress who has appeared in Telugu, Hindi, Malayalam, Kannada and Bengali films.	Shraddha Das	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Hugh Edwin Strickland (2 March 1811 -- 14 September 1853) was an English geologist, ornithologist, naturalist, and systematist.	Hugh Edwin Strickland	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Christian Polycarp Erxleben (22 June 1744 -- 19 August 1777) was a German naturalist from Quedlinburg.	Johann Christian Polycarp Erxleben	German
languages spoken or written	Huỳnh Thúc Kháng (黃叔抗; 1876--1947) was a Vietnamese anti-colonialist and associate of Phan Chu Trinh.	Huỳnh Thúc Kháng	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Najm Allal (Arabic: الناجم علال‎, born 1966) is a singer, guitarist and writer of lyrics in Spanish from Western Sahara.	Najm Allal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Curtius (December 13, 1874 -- April 10, 1954) was a German archaeologist born in Augsburg.	Ludwig Curtius	German
languages spoken or written	Maud Gonne MacBride (Irish: Maud Nic Ghoinn Bean Mac Giolla Bhríghde, 21 December 1866 -- 27 April 1953) was an English-born Irish revolutionary, suffragette and actress, best remembered for her turbulent relationship with the poet William Butler Yeats.	Maud Gonne	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Geoffrey Bibby (14 October 1917 -- 6 February 2001, Aarhus) was an English-born archaeologist.	Geoffrey Bibby	English
languages spoken or written	Liana Millu (b.Pisa, December 21, 1914 -- February 6, 2005) was a Jewish-Italian journalist, resistance fighter and Holocaust survivor, best known for her autobiography ``Smoke over Birkenau''.	Liana Millu	Italian
languages spoken or written	Virginia González Polo (Valladolid, 2 April 1873 -- Madrid, 15 August 1923) was a political and feminist leader, socialist, and Spanish communist.	Virginia González Polo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Godfrey Ho (Chinese language: 何志强 or 何致强) (1948--) is a former Hong Kong-based prolific film director and screenwriter, sometimes considered the Ed Wood of Hong Kong cinema.	Godfrey Ho	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Stefano Borgia (3 December 1731 -- 1804) was an Italian Cardinal, theologian, antiquarian, and historian.	Stefano Borgia	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Ramón Muro Pereg (born 14 July 1954 in Bilbao, Vizcaya) is a Spanish painter, specialist in hyperrealist paintings.	José Ramón Muro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Francastel (8 June 1900 -- 2 January 1970) was a French art historian, best known for his use of sociological method.	Pierre Francastel	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Canestrini (December 26, 1835 -- February 14, 1900) was an Italian naturalist and biologist who was a native of Revò.	Giovanni Canestrini	Italian
languages spoken or written	A Bilingual Edition of the Love Songs of Bernart de Ventadorn in Occitan and English:	Bernart de Ventadorn	Occitan
languages spoken or written	Eugenio de Ochoa (1815--72) was a Spanish author, writer, and translator.	Eugenio de Ochoa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Götz Friedrich (4 August 1930 in Naumburg, Germany -- 12 December 2000 in Berlin, Germany) was a German opera and theatre director.	Götz Friedrich	German
languages spoken or written	Abū Muhammad Abd-Allāh ibn Muslim ibn Qutayba al-Dīnawarī al-Marwazī or simply Ibn Qutaybah (Arabic: ابن قتيبة‎, translit. Ibn Qutaybah; 828 -- 13 November 889 CE / 213 -- 15 Rajab 276 AH) was a renowned Islamic scholar of Kurdish or Persian origin.	Ibn Qutaybah	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Olivier Masmonteil (born September 23, 1973, (Romilly-sur-Seine, France)) is a French (artist).	Olivier Masmonteil	French
languages spoken or written	May Grethe Lerum (born May 5, 1965 in Sogn) is a Norwegian novelist.	May Grethe Lerum	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Noton Barclay (11 May 1872 -- 24 November 1957) was an English export shipping merchant and banker and a Liberal Party politician.	Robert Noton Barclay	English
languages spoken or written	Åsne Seierstad (born 10 February 1970) is a Norwegian freelance journalist and writer, best known for her accounts of everyday life in war zones -- most notably Kabul after 2001, Baghdad in 2002 and the ruined Grozny in 2006.	Åsne Seierstad	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	John William Polidori (7 September 1795 -- 24 August 1821) was an English writer and physician.	John William Polidori	English
languages spoken or written	David Alagna (Paris, 1975) is a French stage director and composer.	David Alagna	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Frenay Sandoval (1905-1988) was a French military officer and French resistance member.	Henri Frenay	French
languages spoken or written	Henry Teonge (born 18 March 1621 at Wolverton, Warwickshire, died 21 March 1690 at Spernall, Warwickshire) was an English cleric and Royal Navy chaplain who kept informative diaries of voyages he made in 1675--76 and 1678--79.	Henry Teonge	English
languages spoken or written	Stjepan Babić (born November 29, 1925, Oriovac) is a Croatian linguist and academic.	Stjepan Babić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Per Hohle (5 December 1918 -- 24 November 1999) was a Norwegian writer.	Per Hohle	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Marianne Grunberg-Manago (January 6, 1921 -- January 3, 2013) was a Soviet-born French biochemist.	Marianne Grunberg-Manago	French
languages spoken or written	Andreas Umland (born 1967 in Jena, Germany) is a German political scientist, historian and Russian interpreter, specializing in contemporary Russian and Ukrainian history.	Andreas Umland	German
languages spoken or written	Ernst Friedrich Löhndorff was a German sailor, adventurer, and writer.	Ernst Friedrich Löhndorff	German
languages spoken or written	Ole Henrik Laub (born 3 December 1937 in Aarhus) is a Danish novelist and author of short-stories and children books.	Ole Henrik Laub	Danish
languages spoken or written	Anja Sicking (born 1965, The Hague) is a Dutch writer of novels and short stories.	Anja Sicking	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Xiao San (simplified Chinese: 萧三; traditional Chinese: 蕭三; pinyin: Xiāo Sān; 10 October 1896 -- 4 February 1983) was a Chinese poet and translator.	Xiao San	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Shabtai Rosenne (Hebrew: שבתאי רוזן), formerly known as Sefton Wilfred David Rowson (24 November 1917 -- 21 September 2010) was a Professor of International Law and an Israeli diplomat.	Shabtai Rosenne	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Élie-Miriam Delaborde, born Eraïm-Miriam Delaborde, (7 February 1839 -- 9 December 1913) was a French pianist and composer.	Élie-Miriam Delaborde	French
languages spoken or written	Miguel Laparra Navarro (born in 1962 in Cher, France) is a Spanish politician and sociologist.	Miguel Laparra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Julian Schmidt (March 7, 1818 -- March 27, 1886) was a German journalist and historian of literature.	Heinrich Julian Schmidt	German
languages spoken or written	Andreu Mas-Colell (Catalan: (ənˈdɾew ˈmas kuˈɫeʎ), born 29 June 1944) is a Spanish economist, an expert in microeconomics and one of the world's leading mathematical economists.	Andreu Mas-Colell	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arnold Aletrino (1 April 1858 -- 16 January 1916) was a Dutch physician, criminal anthropologist and writer, who published works on homosexuality in Dutch and French.	Arnold Aletrino	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Valentini (14 December 1681 -- November 1753), nicknamed Straccioncino (Little Ragamuffin), was an Italian violinist, painter, poet, and composer, though he is known chiefly as a composer of inventive instrumental music.	Giuseppe Valentini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jakub Deml (August 20, 1878 -- February 10, 1961) was a Czech Catholic priest and writer.	Jakub Deml	Czech
languages spoken or written	Kaushik Ganguly is an Indian director, screenwriter and actor in Bengali cinema.	Kaushik Ganguly	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Annemarie Schimmel (7 April 1922 -- 26 January 2003) was an influential German Orientalist and scholar who wrote extensively on Islam and Sufism.	Annemarie Schimmel	German
languages spoken or written	Jill Craigie (7 March 1911 -- 13 December 1999) was an English documentary film director, screenwriter and feminist.	Jill Craigie	English
languages spoken or written	Edmond Jean François Barbier (16 January 1689 -- 29 January 1771) was a French jurisconsult of the parliament and author of a historical journal of the time of Louis XV.	Edmond Jean François Barbier	French
languages spoken or written	Ninan Koshy (Malayalam: നൈനാൻ കോശി; 1 February 1934 -- 4 March 2015) was an Indian political thinker, foreign affairs expert, theologian and social analyst.	Ninan Koshy	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Werner Schroeter (7 April 1945 -- 12 April 2010) was a German film director, screenwriter, and opera director known for his stylistic excess.	Werner Schroeter	German
languages spoken or written	Ellen Kean (12 December 1805 -- 20 August 1880) was an English actress.	Ellen Kean	English
languages spoken or written	Ashutosh Lobo Gajiwala (Hindi: आशुतोष लोबो गज्जीवाला) (born 17 May 1993) is an Indian actor best known for his role as Salim Malik in the 2008 film Slumdog Millionaire.	Ashutosh Lobo Gajiwala	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Frédéric Hélein (born 22 April 1963) is a French mathematician.	Frédéric Hélein	French
languages spoken or written	Carlos Zorrinho (born 28 May 1959) is a Portuguese politician and university professor.	Carlos Zorrinho	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Gilles-William Goldnadel (born 1954) is a French-Israeli lawyer, author and columnist.	Gilles-William Goldnadel	French
languages spoken or written	Josep Maria Margall Tauler (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛb məˈɾi.ə mərˈɣaʎ); born March 17, 1955 in Calella, Catalonia, Spain) is a retired basketball player.	Josep Maria Margall	Catalan
languages spoken or written	James Hulkes (1770--1821) was an English brewer, banker and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1802 to 1806.	James Hulkes	English
languages spoken or written	Donald Margulies (September 2, 1954) is an American playwright and a professor of English and Theater Studies at Yale University.	Donald Margulies	English
languages spoken or written	Carmen Posadas (born August 13, 1953, Montevideo) is a prize-winning Uruguayan-Spanish author of books for children.	Carmen Posadas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Teed (born c. 1770; died before 1837) was an English merchant, banker, and politician.	John Teed	English
languages spoken or written	Georges Jean-Aubry (also Gérard Jean-Aubry, or G Jean-Aubry) was the pen-name of Jean-Frédéric-Emile Aubry (1882-1950), a French music critic and translator.	Georges Jean-Aubry	French
languages spoken or written	Hèctor Parra i Esteve is a Spanish composer.	Hèctor Parra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Wilkins, KH, FRS (1749 -- 13 May 1836), was an English typographer and Orientalist, notable as the first translator of Bhagavad Gita into English, and as the creator, alongside Panchanan Karmakar, of the first Bengali typeface.	Charles Wilkins	English
languages spoken or written	Verónica Forqué Vázquez-Vigo (Spanish pronunciation: (beˈɾonika forˈke)) (born 1 December 1955) is a Spanish actress of stage, film and television who comes from an artistic and theatrical family.	Verónica Forqué	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Augustus Charles Gregory, KCMG (1 August 1819 -- 25 June 1905) was an English-born Australian explorer.	Augustus Charles Gregory	English
languages spoken or written	Rutu Modan (Hebrew: רותו מודן‎, born 1966) is an Israeli illustrator and comic book artist.	Rutu Modan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Robert von Pöhlmann (31 October 1852, Nuremberg -- 27 September 1914, Munich) was a German ancient historian (German: Althistoriker).	Robert von Pöhlmann	German
languages spoken or written	István Pálfi (23 September 1966, Berettyóújfalu - 15 July 2006, Berettyóújfalu) was a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Hungarian Civic Party, part of the European People's Party and sit on the European Parliament's Committee on Budgetary Control and its Committee on Regional Development.	István Pálfi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Tim Greve (20 February 1928 -- 27 April 1986) was a Norwegian historian, biographer, civil servant, diplomat and newspaper editor.	Tim Greve	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Roselius (2 June 1874 -- 15 May 1943) was a German coffee merchant and founder of the company KAFFEE HAG.	Ludwig Roselius	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Renouvin (January 9, 1893 -- December 7, 1974) was a French historian concerned with the field of international relations.	Pierre Renouvin	French
languages spoken or written	Andrés Piquer (1711--1772) was a Spanish physician, philosopher, logician and writer.	Andrés Piquer	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Anton Benedikt Niese (24 November 1849 -- 1 February 1910), also known as Benedict, Benediktus or Benedictus Niese, was a German classical scholar.	Benedikt Niese	German
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Kuryłowicz (Polish: (ˈjɛʐɨ kurɨˈwɔvit͡ʂ); 26 August 1895 -- 28 January 1978) was a Polish linguist who studied Indo-European languages.	Jerzy Kuryłowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	José Mário dos Santos Mourinho Félix, GOIH (born 26 January 1963), known as José Mourinho (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛ moˈɾiɲu)), is a Portuguese football manager and former football player.	José Mourinho	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Priya A. S. is a Malayalam-language writer from Kerala state, India.	Priya A. S.	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Mohlaroyim (Uzbek: Mohlaroyim, Моҳларойим) (1792-1842), most commonly known by her penname Nodira, was an Uzbek poet and stateswoman.	Nodira	Uzbek
languages spoken or written	Marie Luise Kaschnitz (born Marie Luise von Holzing-Berslett; 31 January 1901 -- 10 October 1974) was a German short story writer, novelist, essayist and poet.	Marie Luise Kaschnitz	German
languages spoken or written	Ihsan Abdel Quddous (Arabic: إحسان عبد القدوس‎ ʼIḥsān ʻAbd al-Quddūs, IPA: (ʔeħˈsæːn ʕæbdel.qʊdˈduːs)) (1 January 1919 -- 11 January 1990) was an Egyptian writer, novelist, and journalist and editor in the Al Akhbar and Al-Ahram newspapers.	Ihsan Abdel Quddous	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ivan Nenov (Bulgarian: Иван Василев Ненов) is a Bulgarian painter born in Kyustendil (1902-1997).	Ivan Nenov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Fritz Gause (4 August 1893 -- 24 December 1973) was a German historian, archivist, and curator described as the last great historian of his native city, Königsberg (now Kaliningrad), East Prussia.	Fritz Gause	German
languages spoken or written	Francesco Cairo (26 September 1607 -- 27 July 1665) was an Italian Baroque painter active in Lombardy and Piedmont.	Francesco Cairo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hermann Ebbinghaus (January 24, 1850 -- February 26, 1909) was a German psychologist who pioneered the experimental study of memory, and is known for his discovery of the forgetting curve and the spacing effect.	Hermann Ebbinghaus	German
languages spoken or written	Claudio Pavone (born 30 November 1920 in Rome) is an Italian historian.	Claudio Pavone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Rushout Cullen, 3rd Baronet (1661--1730), of Upton, Ratley, Warwickshire and Isleham, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	Rushout Cullen	English
languages spoken or written	Julio Llorente Gento (born 14 June 1966) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right back.	Julio Llorente	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giambattista Nolli (or Giovanni Battista, April 9, 1701 -- July 1, 1756) was an Italian architect and surveyor.	Giambattista Nolli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Ruiz Anchía (born 1949) is a Spanish cinematographer, perhaps most notable for James Foley's adaptation of David Mamet's Glengarry Glen Ross and At Close Range.	Juan Ruiz Anchía	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abdul-Salam Ojeili (1917 - April 5, 2006) (Arabic: عبد السلام العجيلي‎), or Abd al-Salam Ujayli, was a Syrian novelist and politician.	Abdul-Salam Ojeili	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Nina Bawden CBE FRSL JP (19 January 1925 -- 22 August 2012) was an English novelist and children's writer.	Nina Bawden	English
languages spoken or written	Girard Desargues (French: (dezaʁɡ); 21 February 1591--September 1661) was a French mathematician and engineer, who is considered one of the founders of projective geometry.	Girard Desargues	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Emery Walker (2 April 1851 -- 22 July 1933) was an English engraver, photographer and printer.	Emery Walker	English
languages spoken or written	Luis Cancer de Barbastro or Luis de Cancer (1500 -- June 26, 1549) was a Dominican priest and pioneer Spanish missionary to the New World.	Luis Cancer	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Don Marcelino Sanz de Sautuola or Marcelino de Sautuola was a Spanish jurist and amateur archaeologist who owned the land where the Altamira cave was found.	Marcelino Sanz de Sautuola	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henry Davis Pochin (1824--1895) was an English industrial chemist.	Henry Davis Pochin	English
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Jeantet (1906--1978) was a French far right activist, journalist and polemicist.	Gabriel Jeantet	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Balbis (17 November 1765 -- 3 February 1831) was an Italian botanist and politician who worked in Italy and France.	Giovanni Battista Balbis	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francis Douce (/ˈdaʊs/; 1757 -- 30 March 1834) was an English antiquary.	Francis Douce	English
languages spoken or written	Jaime Nunó Roca (September 8, 1824 -- July 18, 1908) was a Spanish composer who composed music for Mexico's national anthem.	Jaime Nunó	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Diego de Saavedra Fajardo (6 May 1584 -- 1648) was a Spanish diplomat and man of letters.	Diego de Saavedra Fajardo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Victor Cosson (11 October 1915 -- 18 June 2009) was a French professional road bicycle racer from 1937 to 1950.	Victor Cosson	French
languages spoken or written	Adelardo Rodríguez Sánchez, usually referred to simply as Adelardo (born 26 September 1939 in Badajoz) is a former Spanish footballer.	Adelardo Rodríguez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vincent Desportes (born 24 February 1953) is a retired French Army general and military theorist.	Vincent Desportes	French
languages spoken or written	Adrianus Marinus Kyvon (born Adrianus Marinus Kloot; 20 February 1947), known by his stage name André van Duin, is a Dutch comedian, actor, singer-songwriter, author, television presenter, television director, television producer and screenwriter.	André van Duin	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Princessa, born Mónica Capel Cruz, is a Spanish pop/dance singer.	Princessa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles Tellier (1828--1913) was a French engineer, born in Amiens.	Charles Tellier	French
languages spoken or written	Guido Podestà (born on 1 April 1947 in Milan) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North-West with the Forza Italia, part of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.	Guido Podestà	Italian
languages spoken or written	Her father, John Sarkisian, was an Armenian-American truck driver with drug and gambling problems, and her mother, Jackie Jean Crouch, was an occasional model and bit-part actress with Irish, English, German and Cherokee ancestry.	Cher	English
languages spoken or written	Régis Wargnier (born 18 April 1948) is a French film director, film producer, screenwriter and film score composer.	Régis Wargnier	French
languages spoken or written	Raffaele Pettazzoni (3 February 1883 -- 8 December 1959) was a historian of Italian religion.	Raffaele Pettazzoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Robert Benson, 1st Baron Bingley, PC (c. 1676 -- 9 April 1731) was an English politician of the 18th century.	Robert Benson, 1st Baron Bingley	English
languages spoken or written	Alfonso Balcázar (2 March 1926 -- 28 December 1993) was a Spanish screenwriter, film director and producer.	Alfonso Balcázar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Blas Taracena Aguirre (Spanish: Andrés Carretero Pérez, 1955, Madrid), Spanish historian, Doctor in Geography and History.	Blas Taracena Aguirre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bai Hua (白桦) (born 1930 in Xinyang, Henan), originally named Chen Youhua (陈佑华), is a Chinese playwright and poet.	Bai Hua	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Ida Marie Lipsius (30 December 1837 in Leipzig -- 2 March 1927 in Schmölen), alias La Mara, was a German writer and music historian.	Ida Marie Lipsius	German
languages spoken or written	Walter Andrae (February 18, 1875 -- July 28, 1956) was a German archaeologist and architect born near Leipzig.	Walter Andrae	German
languages spoken or written	John Hughlings Jackson, FRS (4 April 1835 -- 7 October 1911) was an English neurologist.	John Hughlings Jackson	English
languages spoken or written	Oskar Davičo (Serbian Cyrillic: Оскар Давичо; 1909--1989) was a distinguished Serbian and Yugoslavian novelist and poet.	Oskar Davičo	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Eichelmann (born in 1962) is a leading German wine critic with an international influence on German wine.	Gerhard Eichelmann	German
languages spoken or written	Edward Stachura (ˈɛdvard sta'xura) (18 August 1937 -- 24 July 1979) was a Polish poet and writer.	Edward Stachura	Polish
languages spoken or written	Małgorzata Musierowicz (born January 9, 1945) is a popular Polish writer, author of many stories and novels for children and teenagers, but read with pleasure by adults too.	Małgorzata Musierowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Justinus or Justin Heinrich Knecht (30 September 1752 -- 1 December 1817) was a German composer, organist, and music theorist.	Justin Heinrich Knecht	German
languages spoken or written	Joannes Charles Melchior Chatin (19 August 1847 -- 4 July 1912) was a French botanist and zoologist.	Joannes Charles Melchior Chatin	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Albert (born February 8, 1921) is a German philosopher.	Hans Albert	German
languages spoken or written	Franck Cammas (born 22 December 1972 in Aix-en-Provence) is a French yachtsman.	Franck Cammas	French
languages spoken or written	Henny Koch (22 September 1854 -- 13 June 1925) was a translator and a German children's author.	Henny Koch	German
languages spoken or written	Giulio Monteverde (8 October 1837 -- 3 October 1917) was an Italian naturalist sculptor and teacher.	Giulio Monteverde	Italian
languages spoken or written	Enzo Dara (born 13 October 1938 in Mantua) is an Italian basso buffo.	Enzo Dara	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rabbi Dr Hayyim Samuel Jacob Falk (Hebrew: חיים שמואל יעקב פאלק‎; Also known as the Baal Shem of London and Doctor Falckon; 1708 -- 17 April 1782) was a rabbi, Practical Kabbalist and alchemist.	Baal Shem of London	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Stock (born Juli 5, 1959 in Hannover) is a German journalist, author, professor and managing partner of Convincet, a business consultancy for corporate communications.	Wolfgang Stock	German
languages spoken or written	Jordi Galceran Ferrer (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒɔrði ɣəɫsəˈɾan)) (born in Barcelona, March 5, 1964) is a Catalan playwright, screenwriter and translator, known internationally for his play El mètode Grönholm (The Grönholm Method. 2003).	Jordi Galceran	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Manuel De Sica (24 February 1949 -- 5 December 2014) was an Italian composer.	Manuel De Sica	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mayilsamy (Tamil: மயில்சாமி) (born 5 June 1965) is a Tamil comedian actor who prominently plays supporting roles.	Mayilsamy	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Herculano de Carvalho e Araújo (March 28, 1810 -- September 13, 1877), was a Portuguese novelist and historian.	Alexandre Herculano	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Victor Charles Hanot (6 July 1844 -- 28 October 1896) was a French physician remembered for his work in the field of hepatology.	Victor Charles Hanot	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Ciseri (25 October 1821 -- 8 March 1891) was a Swiss-Italian painter of religious subjects.	Antonio Ciseri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Sackville, 1st Earl of Dorset (1536 -- 19 April 1608) was an English statesman, poet, and dramatist.	Thomas Sackville, 1st Earl of Dorset	English
languages spoken or written	Dr. Andrey Kovatchev (Bulgarian: Андрей Ковачев) (born 13 December 1967 in Sofia), is a Bulgarian politician, Member of the European Parliament, a federalist and Head of the Bulgarian Delegation in the EPP Group in the European Parliament.	Andrey Kovatchev	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Sergio Ramos García (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈserxjo ˈramoz ɣarˈθi.a); born 30 March 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Madrid and the Spain national football team.	Sergio Ramos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alberto Ardines (born July 4, 1970) is a Spanish musician.	Alberto Ardines	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Harald Cramér (Swedish: (kraˈmeːr); 25 September 1893 -- 5 October 1985) was a Swedish mathematician, actuary, and statistician, specializing in mathematical statistics and probabilistic number theory.	Harald Cramér	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Of his work in this field, Tocqueville scholar, Matthew Mancini, author of a comprehensive survey of Tocqueville and American intellectuals (2006), calls Seymour Drescher ``arguably the finest Tocqueville scholar writing in English....''	Seymour Drescher	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Lang (9 June 1939 -- 24 April 2014) was a French film and television director, best remembered for his comedy films in the late 1970s and 1980s.	Michel Lang	French
languages spoken or written	Wang Shuo (Chinese: 王朔; pinyin: Wáng Shuò, born August 23, 1958) is a Chinese author, director, actor, and cultural icon.	Wang Shuo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Adina-Ioana Vălean (born 16 February 1968) is a Romanian politician and social activist.	Adina-Ioana Vălean	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Françoise Cachin (8 May 1936, Paris -- 5 February 2011, Paris) was a French art historian and curator.	Françoise Cachin	French
languages spoken or written	Dr. Fakrul Alam (Bengali: ফকরুল আলম, born 20 July 1951) is a Bangladeshi academic, writer, and translator.	Fakrul Alam	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Oscar Paul (8 April 1836 -- 18 April 1898) was a German musicologist and a music writer, critic, and teacher.	Oscar Paul	German
languages spoken or written	Dionisio Aguado y García (8 April 1784 -- 29 December 1849) was a Spanish classical guitarist and composer.	Dionisio Aguado y García	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Josef Stoer (21 June 1934, Meschede - ) is a German mathematician specializing in numerical analysis and professor emeritus of the Institut für Mathematik of Universität Würzburg.	Josef Stoer	German
languages spoken or written	Sangeeth Sivan is an Indian film director and screenwriter who works in Malayalam and Hindi film industries.	Sangeeth Sivan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	François Delfau (born 1637 at Montel in Auvergne, France; died 13 October 1676, at Landevenec in Normandy) was a French Benedictine theologian, an authority on patristic theology.	François Delfau	French
languages spoken or written	Francis Whichcote (c.1692-1775), of Quy Hall, Cambridgeshire and Aswarby, Lincolnshire, was an English politician.	Francis Whichcote	English
languages spoken or written	Gabrielle Bossis (1874--1950) was a French Catholic laywoman, actress and mystic, best known for her mystical journal published as ``He and I''.	Gabrielle Bossis	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Fridolin Kehr (28 December 1860, Waltershausen -- 9 November 1944) was a German historian and archivist.	Paul Fridolin Kehr	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Calot (17 May 1861 -- 1 March 1944) was a French surgeon best known for describing treatment of curvature of the spine in Pott's disease.	Jean-François Calot	French
languages spoken or written	Giuliano Briganti (January 2, 1918 -- 17 December 1992) was an Italian art historian.	Giuliano Briganti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pierre François Keraudren (15 May 1769 - 16 August 1858) was a scientist and physician in the French Navy.	Pierre François Keraudren	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Baldung Grien or Grün (c. 1484 -- September 1545) was a German artist in painting and printmaking who was considered the most gifted student of Albrecht Dürer.	Hans Baldung	German
languages spoken or written	Robert of Ketton (Latin: Robertus Cetenensis; c. 1110 -- c. 1160 AD) was an English medieval theologian, astronomer, translator and Arabist.	Robert of Ketton	Latin
languages spoken or written	Joseph-Philibert Girault de Prangey (21 October 1804 -- 7 December 1892) was a French photographer and draughtsman who was active in the Middle East.	Joseph-Philibert Girault de Prangey	French
languages spoken or written	Piotr Gontarczyk (born April 29, 1970 in Żyrardów) is a Polish historian with a doctorate in history and political science.	Piotr Gontarczyk	Polish
languages spoken or written	Joachim Carlos Martini (4 May 1931 -- 29 November 2015) was a Chilean-born German conductor.	Joachim Carlos Martini	German
languages spoken or written	Agnolo Firenzuola (28 September 1493 - 1543) was an Italian poet and litterateur.	Agnolo Firenzuola	Italian
languages spoken or written	George Purefoy-Jervoise (10 April 1770 -- 1 December 1847) was an English politician.	George Purefoy-Jervoise	English
languages spoken or written	William Stephen Poyntz (20 January 1770 -- 8 April 1840) was an English Whig and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1800 and 1837.	William Stephen Poyntz	English
languages spoken or written	Francis Salabert (27 July 1884 -- 22 or 28 December 1946) was an innovative and influential French music publisher, who was the head of Éditions Salabert in the first half of the twentieth century.	Francis Salabert	French
languages spoken or written	Birutė Vėsaitė or Vėsaitė (born August 19, 1951) is a Lithuanian politician.	Birutė Vėsaitė	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Georges Bénézé (1888--1978) was a French philosopher Bénézé was a disciple and editor of Alain.	Georges Bénézé	French
languages spoken or written	Josef Magnus Wehner (November 14, 1891 -- December 14, 1973) was a German writer and playwright.	Josef Magnus Wehner	German
languages spoken or written	Sir John Robert Seeley, KCMG (10 September 1834 in London -- 13 January 1895 in Cambridge) was an English essayist and historian.	John Robert Seeley	English
languages spoken or written	Louis Charles Émile Lortet (22 August 1836 -- 26 December 1909) was a French physician, botanist, zoologist and Egyptologist who was a native of Oullins.	Louis Charles Émile Lortet	French
languages spoken or written	Prof. Dr. Hossein Farhady (Persian: حسین فرهادی‎) is an Iranian applied linguist with more than forty years of studying, teaching and researching in and out of Iran.	Hossein Farhady	Persian
languages spoken or written	Count Emil Dessewffy de Csernek et Tarkeő (24 February 1814, Eperjes - 28 January 1866, Pozsony) was a Hungarian conservative politician who served as President of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1855 until his death.	Emil Dessewffy	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Vittorio Feltri (born 25 June 1943) is an Italian journalist and editor in chief.	Vittorio Feltri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Michael Mertes (born March 26, 1953 in Bonn) is a German chief officer and author.	Michael Mertes	German
languages spoken or written	William Praed (24 June 1747 -- 9 October 1833) was an English businessman, banker, and politician.	William Praed	English
languages spoken or written	Miklós Vámos originally Tibor Vámos, (born 29 January 1950 in Budapest) is a Hungarian writer, novelist, screenwriter, translator and talkshow host, who has published 33 books.	Miklós Vámos	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Paco Plaza is a Spanish film director best known for writing and directing REC and REC 2 with Jaume Balagueró.	Paco Plaza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Achener (1881--1963) was a French illustrator, painter, and print maker.	Maurice Achener	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Baptista von Schweitzer (July 12, 1833 -- July 28, 1875) was a German politician and dramatic poet.	Jean Baptista von Schweitzer	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Sacheverell Reresby Sitwell, 6th Baronet CH ( /sæˈʃɛvərəl/; 15 November 1897 -- 1 October 1988) was an English writer, best known as an art critic, music critic (his books on Mozart, Liszt, and Domenico Scarlatti are still consulted), and writer on architecture, particularly the baroque.	Reresby Sitwell	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Grey Skipwith, 8th Baronet (17 September 1771 -- 13 May 1852) was an English politician from Warwickshire.	Grey Skipwith	English
languages spoken or written	Edmund Gurney (23 March 1847 -- 23 June 1888) was an English psychologist and psychic researcher.	Edmund Gurney	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Samuel Garth FRS (1661 -- 18 January 1719) was an English physician and poet.	Samuel Garth	English
languages spoken or written	Julius Meier-Graefe (June 10, 1867 -- June 5, 1935) was a German art critic and novelist.	Julius Meier-Graefe	German
languages spoken or written	Dante Gabriel Rossetti (/ˈdænti ˈɡeɪbriəl rəˈzɛti/; 12 May 1828 -- 9 April 1882) was an English poet, illustrator, painter and translator.	Dante Gabriel Rossetti	English
languages spoken or written	Gu Zhun (Chinese: 顾准; 1915--1974) was a Chinese intellectual, economist and pioneer of post-Marxist Chinese liberalism.	Gu Zhun	Chinese
languages spoken or written	François Villiers (2 March 1920 -- 29 January 2009) Chevalier of the Legion of Honor was a French film director.	François Villiers	French
languages spoken or written	Victor Manuel Bonilla Amela, better known as Víctor Amela (Barcelona, September 30, 1960) is a Spanish writer and journalist present in several media.	Víctor Amela	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Else Højgaard (18 April 1906--11 July 1979) was a Danish ballerina and an actress of stage and screen.	Else Højgaard	Danish
languages spoken or written	The Letters of the Late Ignatius Sancho, an African, edited and published two years after his death, is one of the earliest accounts of African slavery written in English by a former slave of Spanish and English families.	Ignatius Sancho	English
languages spoken or written	Prof. Lech Szczucki (born 1933), is a Polish historian of philosophy and culture, particularly noted since the 1960s for his work on the Polish Brethren.	Lech Szczucki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Martin Haspelmath (born 2 February 1963 in Hoya, Lower Saxony) is a German linguist working in the field of linguistic typology.	Martin Haspelmath	German
languages spoken or written	Caroline Schelling, née Michaelis, widowed Böhmer, divorced Schlegel (2 September 1763 -- 7 September 1809) was a noted German intellectual.	Caroline Schelling	German
languages spoken or written	Edmund Colledge (14 August 1910 -- 16 November 1999) was an English academic, military officer, and Roman Catholic priest.	Edmund Colledge	English
languages spoken or written	Cecco Angiolieri (Italian pronunciation: (ˈtʃekko andʒoˈljɛːri); c. 1260 - c. 1312) was an Italian poet.	Cecco Angiolieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Blessed Eugénie Smet A.P. (25 March 1825 in Lille -- 7 February 1871), also known as sœur Marie de la Providence, was a French nun who founded the Society of the Helpers of the Holy Souls in 1856.	Eugénie Smet	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Guillaume (born 1940) is a French political activist.	Pierre Guillaume	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Broué (May 8, 1926 -- July 26, 2005) was a French historian and Trotskyist.	Pierre Broué	French
languages spoken or written	Georges Charpy, full name Georges Augustin Albert Charpy (1 September 1865 -- 25 November 1945) was the French scientist who created the Charpy impact test.	Georges Charpy	French
languages spoken or written	Bernard Pullman (19 March 1919, Wloclawek Poland -- 9 June 1996) was a French theoretical quantum chemist and quantum biochemist.	Bernard Pullman	French
languages spoken or written	Krishnakumar Ramakumar, also credited as Five Star Krishna, is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil films in supporting roles.	Five Star Krishna	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Antoine Choquet de Lindu (7 November 1712, Brest -- 7 October 1790, Brest) was a French architect and military engineer in the service of the French Navy	Antoine Choquet de Lindu	French
languages spoken or written	Léon Gaumont (May 10, 1864 -- August 9, 1946) was a French inventor, engineer, and industrialist who was a pioneer of the motion picture industry.	Léon Gaumont	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Walther Darré (born Ricardo Walther Oscar Darré; 14 July 1895 -- 5 September 1953), was one of the leading Nazi ``blood and soil'' (German: Blut und Boden) ideologists and served as Reichsminister of Food and Agriculture from 1933 to 1942.	Richard Walther Darré	German
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Morone (or Moroni) (25 January 1509 -- 1 December 1580) was an Italian cardinal.	Giovanni Morone	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Diaper (1685--1717) was an English poet of the Augustan era.	William Diaper	English
languages spoken or written	John Nalson (1638?-1686) was an English clergyman, historian and early Tory pamphleteer.	John Nalson	English
languages spoken or written	Markus Liebherr (30 March 1948 -- 10 August 2010) was a German-born Swiss businessman and a member of one of Europe's top family business dynasties.	Markus Liebherr	German
languages spoken or written	Michael Hofmann (born 25 August 1957 in Freiburg, West Germany) is a German-born poet who writes in English and a translator of texts from German.	Michael Hofmann	German	English
languages spoken or written	Jean Royère (1902--1981) was a French designer.	Jean Royère	French
languages spoken or written	Irving Feldman (born September 22, 1928) is an American poet and professor of English.	Irving Feldman	English
languages spoken or written	Lisa St Aubin de Terán (born 2 October 1953) is an English novelist, writer of autobiographical fictions, and memoirist.	Lisa St Aubin de Terán	English
languages spoken or written	Clément Ader (2 April 1841 -- 3 May 1925) was a French inventor and engineer who was born in Muret, Haute Garonne (a distant suburb of Toulouse) and died in Toulouse.	Clément Ader	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Teixeira Albernaz was a Portuguese cartographer born in 1595 in Lisbon, Kingdom of Portugal.	Pedro Teixeira Albernaz	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Zdzisław Wąsik (born 3 May 1947) is a Polish linguist and semiotician, rector and professor ordinarius at the Philological School of Higher Education in Wrocław and professor ordinarius at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań.	Zdzisław Wąsik	Polish
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Văn Vĩnh (1882 -- 1936) was a Vietnamese journalist and translator of Western literature in colonial Vietnam.	Nguyễn Văn Vĩnh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Admiral Segismundo Bermejo y Merelo (1832--1899) served as the Spanish Minister of the Navy during the first part of its war with the United States.	Segismundo Bermejo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sunny Deol (born Ajay Singh Deol, 19 October 1957) is an Indian film actor, director and producer known for his works exclusively in Hindi cinema.	Sunny Deol	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Sebastian Borger (* 1964 in Kronach) is a German journalist and author based in London.	Sebastian Borger	German
languages spoken or written	Nikolai Ivanovich Kuznetsov (Russian: Николай Иванович Кузнецов) (July 27, 1911--March 9, 1944) was a semi-legendary Soviet intelligence agent and partisan who operated in Nazi-occupied Ukraine (Reichskommissariat Ukraine) during World War II who personally killed six high-ranking German officials.	Nikolai Ivanovich Kuznetsov	Russian	German
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Rautenberg (27 February 1936 − 4 September 2011) was a German mathematician and logician whose areas of research were model theory, non-classical logic, modal logic, temporal logic and self reference.	Wolfgang Rautenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Ephrussi (24 December 1849 -- 30 September 1905) was a Jewish-French art critic, art historian, and art collector.	Charles Ephrussi	French
languages spoken or written	Cristoforo Negri (1809-1896) was an Italian geographer, economist and diplomat.	Cristoforo Negri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leonard Cox (or Coxe) (c. 1495 -- c. 1549) was an English humanist, author of the first book in English on rhetoric.	Leonard Cox	English
languages spoken or written	Dino Campana (20 August 1885 -- 1 March 1932) was an Italian visionary poet.	Dino Campana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacob ben Wolf Kranz of Dubno (Hebrew: יעקב קרנץ‎), the Dubner Maggid (מגיד מדובנא), was a Lithuanian (Belarus)-born preacher (maggid).	Jacob ben Wolf Kranz	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Ernst Jaakson (11 August 1905, Riga, Livonia (then Russian Empire) -- 4 September 1998, New York, USA) was an Estonian diplomat whose unique contribution was to maintain Estonia's legal continuity with his uninterrupted diplomatic service for 69 years.	Ernst Jaakson	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Piasecki (1900 - 1941) was a Polish right-wing activist, politician and journalist.	Stanisław Piasecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Miguel de Molinos (30 June 1628 -- 29 December 1696) was a Spanish mystic, the chief representative of the religious revival known as Quietism.	Miguel de Molinos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gordon Hølmebakk (born 26 February 1928) is a Norwegian publishing editor, essayist and novelist.	Gordon Hølmebakk	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Stéphane Heuet (Brest) is a French comics artist.	Stéphane Heuet	French
languages spoken or written	Bernhard Wolff (3 March 1811 -- 11 May 1879) was a German media mogul.	Bernhard Wolff	German
languages spoken or written	Herbert List (7 October 1903 -- 4 April 1975) was a German photographer, who worked for magazines, including Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, and Life, and was associated with Magnum Photos.	Herbert List	German
languages spoken or written	Egbert of Liège, in Latin Ecbertus Leodiensis, was an 11th-century educator and author, working at the cathedral school in Liège (in what is now Belgium).	Egbert of Liège	Latin
languages spoken or written	Maria Sophie von La Roche (née Gutermann von Gutershofen) (6 December 1730 -- 18 February 1807) was a German novelist.	Sophie von La Roche	German
languages spoken or written	Arnold Ipolyi (family name originally Stummer) (20 October 1823 -- 2 December 1886) was a Hungarian bishop and historian.	Arnold Ipolyi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Walter Kolbenhoff, born as Walter Hoffman (20 May 1908 - 29 January 1993), was a German novelist.	Walter Kolbenhoff	German
languages spoken or written	Fernando Martín Espina (March 25, 1962 -- December 3, 1989) is considered one of the best Spanish basketball players ever.	Fernando Martín Espina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Royston Tan (Chinese: 陈子谦; pinyin: Chén Zǐqiān; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Chí-khiam; born 5 October 1976) is a Singaporean filmmaker.	Royston Tan	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Frank Bochow (born Dresden 12 August 1937: died Berlin 10 April 2012) was an East German Trades Union diplomat.	Frank Bochow	German
languages spoken or written	Domingo Patricio Meagher (1703--1772), known as the Father Meagher (Aita Meagher in Basque) was a Spanish Jesuit priest, university professor and writer of Irish descent.	Domingo Patricio Meagher	Basque	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Viktor Bredt (2 March 1879 -- 12 December 1940) was a German Weimar era justice minister.	Johann Viktor Bredt	German
languages spoken or written	Hans-Joachim Klein (born 1947) is a former member of the German left-wing militant group Revolutionary Cells (RZ).	Hans-Joachim Klein	German
languages spoken or written	Richard Whiteing ( 27 July 1840 - 29 June 1928), English author and journalist.	Richard Whiteing	English
languages spoken or written	Ye Wenling (simplified Chinese: 叶文玲; traditional Chinese: 葉文玲; pinyin: Yè Wénlíng; born 4 November 1942) is a Chinese novelist and politician.	Ye Wenling	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Sir Joseph Amable Thomas Chapais, FRSC (March 23, 1858 -- July 15, 1946) was a French Canadian author, editor, historian, journalist, professor, and politician.	Thomas Chapais	French
languages spoken or written	Andrei Șaguna (20 January 1809, Miskolc, Hungary -- 28 June 1873, Nagyszeben, Hungary) was a Metropolitan bishop of the Romanian Orthodox Church in Transylvania, and one of the Romanian community political leaders in the Habsburg Monarchy, especially active during the 1848 Revolution.	Andrei Șaguna	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Alfred Charles Auguste Foucher (1865--1952), a French scholar, identified the Buddha image as having Greek origins.	Alfred Charles Auguste Foucher	French
languages spoken or written	István Orosz (born 24 October 1951 in Kecskemét) is a Hungarian painter, printmaker, graphic designer and animated film director.	István Orosz	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Patrick Pelloux, born in 1963 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, is a French physician and activist.	Patrick Pelloux	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Augustus Vansittart Conybeare (1 June 1853 -- 18 February 1919) was an English barrister and a radical Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1895.	Charles Augustus Vansittart Conybeare	English
languages spoken or written	Ahmet Muhip Dıranas (1909 -- June 27, 1980) was a leading Turkish poet and author.	Ahmet Muhip Dıranas	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Juan José Padilla is a Spanish torero ('bullfighter').	Juan José Padilla	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jaroslav Šerých (Czech: (ˈjaroslaf ˈʃɛriːx); February 27, 1928 -- March 23, 2014) was a Czech painter, printmaker and illustrator.	Jaroslav Šerých	Czech
languages spoken or written	Gheorghe Păun (Romanian: (ˈɡe̯orɡe pəˈun); born December 6, 1950 in Cicănești, Argeș County) is a computer scientist from Romania, prominent for work on membrane computing and the P system.	Gheorghe Păun	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Samuel Jackson Pratt (25 December 1749 -- 4 October 1814) was a prolific English poet, dramatist and novelist, writing under the pseudonym of ``Courtney Melmoth'' as well as under his own name.	Samuel Jackson Pratt	English
languages spoken or written	Adrien Loir (December 15, 1862 -- 1941) was a French bacteriologist born in Lyon.	Adrien Loir	French
languages spoken or written	Eugène Lemercier (7 November 1886 -- 6 April 1915) was a French artist and soldier in World War I. His letters to his mother are a first-hand account of the war, and are preserved in the National Library of Ireland.	Eugène Lemercier	French
languages spoken or written	Philippe Risoli (born 9 September 1953 in Paris) is a French television host with Italian origins.	Philippe Risoli	French
languages spoken or written	Eilífr kúlnasveinn is an Icelandic skald who lived in the 12th or 13th century.	Eilífr kúlnasveinn	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Ferdinand de Géramb (14 January 1772 -- 15 March 1848) was a French supposed aristocrat and Trappist monk (name in religion Brother Mary Joseph).	Ferdinand de Géramb	French
languages spoken or written	Christian Molina is a Spanish director, producer, writer and actor.	Christian Molina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Armand (17 January 1905 -- 30 August 1971) was a French engineer who managed several public companies, and had a significant role during World War II as an officer in the Resistance.	Louis Armand	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Dunoyer de Segonzac (10 March 1906, Toulon -- 13 March 1968) was a French general.	Pierre Dunoyer de Segonzac	French
languages spoken or written	C. S. Lakshmi (born 1944) is a Tamil feminist writer and independent researcher in women's studies from India.	C. S. Lakshmi	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Patrick Sabatier (born 12 November 1951 in Paris) is a French presenter for both radio and television.	Patrick Sabatier	French
languages spoken or written	John Charles Durant (15 July 1846 -- 14 December 1929) was an English printer and a Liberal politician.	John Charles Durant	English
languages spoken or written	Count Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt (Russian: Гу́став Мо́риц А́рмфельт; 31 March 1757 -- 19 August 1814) was a Finnish, Swedish and Russian courtier and diplomat.	Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Umberto Zanotti Bianco (22 January 1889 -- 28 August 1963) was an Italian archaeologist, environmentalist and lifetime senator (1952--1963).	Umberto Zanotti Bianco	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tommaso Fazello (New Latin Fazellus, 1498 -- 8 April 1570) was an Italian Dominican friar, historian and antiquarian.	Tommaso Fazello	Latin
languages spoken or written	Myroslav Popovych (Ukrainian: Мирослав Володимирович Попович) (born 12 April 1930, Zhytomyr) is a Ukrainian philosopher, DA, professor, Academician of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.	Myroslav Popovych	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Giordano Bruno (Italian: (dʒorˈdano ˈbruno); Latin: Iordanus Brunus Nolanus; 1548 -- 17 February 1600), born Filippo Bruno, was an Italian Dominican friar, philosopher, mathematician, poet, and astrologer.	Giordano Bruno	Latin
languages spoken or written	Joachim Lelewel (22 March 1786 -- 29 May 1861) was a Polish historian, bibliographer, polyglot and politician, from a Polonized branch of a Prussian family.	Joachim Lelewel	Polish
languages spoken or written	Avraham Barkai (born 1921 in Berlin) is a German-born Israeli historian and researcher of antisemitism.	Avraham Barkai	German
languages spoken or written	Frédéric Montenard (21 May 1849, Paris - 11 February 1926, Besse-sur-Issole) was a French landscape and seascape painter.	Frédéric Montenard	French
languages spoken or written	John William Dominic Hibberd FRSL (3 November 1941 -- 12 August 2012) was an English freelance author, academic and broadcaster, best known for his biographies of the poets Wilfred Owen and Harold Monro and his collections (edited with John Onions) of First World War poetry.	Dominic Hibberd	English
languages spoken or written	Joseph-François Lafitau (French: (lafito); May 31, 1681 -- July 3, 1746) was a French Jesuit missionary, ethnologist, and naturalist.	Joseph-François Lafitau	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio de Solís y Ribadeneyra (1610 -- April 19, 1686) was a Spanish dramatist and historian.	Antonio de Solís y Ribadeneyra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jules René Bourguignat (19 August 1829, Brienne-Napoléon, Aube -- 7 April 1892) was a French malacologist, a scientist who studied mollusks.	Jules René Bourguignat	French
languages spoken or written	Édith Lejet (born July 19, 1941 in Paris) is a French composer and music educator.	Édith Lejet	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Drucker (12 August 1941 -- 18 April 2003), was a French Television executive.	Jean Drucker	French
languages spoken or written	Léo Joannon (21 August 1904 -- 28 March 1969) was a French writer and film director.	Léo Joannon	French
languages spoken or written	Mehmet Aksoy (born 1939) is a Turkish sculptor, called the ``Anatolian Michelangelo''.	Mehmet Aksoy	Turkish
languages spoken or written	François-Émile André (August 22, 1871 -- March 10, 1933) was a French architect, artist, and furniture designer.	Émile André	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Franck (3 January 1858 -- 22 January 1938) was a German pianist, composer and teacher.	Richard Franck	German
languages spoken or written	Orazio Antinori (28 October 1811 -- 26 August 1882) was an Italian explorer and zoologist.	Orazio Antinori	Italian
languages spoken or written	Robert Lee Wolff (26 December 1915, New York City -- 11 November 1980, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a Harvard history professor, known for his 1956 book The Balkans in our time and his library collection of English novels of the Victorian period with over 18,000 items.	Robert Lee Wolff	English
languages spoken or written	Bernard Zimmer (1893--1964) was a French screenwriter who worked on over thirty films between 1932 and 1956.	Bernard Zimmer	French
languages spoken or written	Ivan Grafenauer (7 March 1880 - 29 December 1964) was a Slovenian literary historian and ethnologist of Carinthian Slovene origin.	Ivan Grafenauer	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Dino Battaglia (1 August 1923 -- 4 October 1983) was an Italian comic artist, noted for a distinctive and expressive style, best known for his visual adaptations of classic novels.	Dino Battaglia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Yosef Dayan (born Mexico in 1945) is a rabbi and the author of several books in Hebrew, Spanish and Italian.	Yosef Dayan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Schrader (November 19, 1865 -- August 28, 1922) was a German philologist of oriental languages, orientalist, art historian, writer, social democrat, translator and journalist.	Friedrich Schrader	German
languages spoken or written	Vibius Sequester (active in the 4th or 5th century AD) is the Latin author of lists of geographical names.	Vibius Sequester	Latin
languages spoken or written	Angelo Anelli (10 November 1761 -- 9 April 1820) was an Italian poet and librettist who also wrote under the pseudonyms Marco Landi and Niccolò Liprandi.	Angelo Anelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	David Benedictus (born 16 September 1938) is an English-Jewish writer and theatre director, best known for his novels.	David Benedictus	English
languages spoken or written	Mike Taylor (born 1964), also known by the alias Taylor MH, is an English athlete, public speaker, and author from Stourbridge, England.	Taylor MH	English
languages spoken or written	Michael Zohary (Hebrew: מיכאל זהרי‎) (born 1898 Michael Schein in Bóbrka, Galicia (Austria-Hungary); died 16 April 1983 in Israel) was a pioneering Israeli botanist.	Michael Zohary	Hebrew
licensed to broadcast to	WSHU-FM (91.1 FM) is a National Public Radio-affiliated radio station operated by Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Connecticut servicing Connecticut and Long Island, New York.	WSHU-FM	Fairfield
licensed to broadcast to	CKNR-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts an adult contemporary format at FM 94.1 MHz in Elliot Lake, Ontario.	CKNR-FM	Elliot Lake
licensed to broadcast to	WMVY (88.7 FM; ``Mvyradio'') is a non-commercial community-oriented adult album alternative radio station based in the town of Tisbury, Massachusetts and licensed to serve Edgartown, both on the island of Martha's Vineyard.	WMVY	Edgartown
licensed to broadcast to	WPID (1280 AM, ``E-Z 1280'') is a radio station licensed to serve Piedmont, Alabama, USA.	WPID	Piedmont
licensed to broadcast to	WSSG (1300 AM) is a radio station licensed to Goldsboro, North Carolina.	WSSG	Goldsboro
licensed to broadcast to	WMC-FM (99.7 FM, known as ``FM 100'') is a hot adult contemporary radio station serving the market of Memphis, Tennessee.	WMC-FM	Memphis
licensed to broadcast to	WLKT, also known as 104.5 The Cat, is a Mainstream Top 40 station broadcasting in Lexington, Kentucky.	WLKT	Lexington
licensed to broadcast to	WKXN (95.7 FM, ``The Big Station'') is a radio station licensed to the community of Fort Deposit, Alabama, USA, and serving the Montgomery, Alabama, area.	WKXN	Fort Deposit
licensed to broadcast to	WKSK-FM is a Classic Hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to South Hill, Virginia, serving South Hill, Lawrenceville and Victoria in Virginia.	WKSK-FM	South Hill, Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	KGVW (640 AM) was a radio station licensed to serve Belgrade, Montana.	KGVW	Belgrade, Montana
licensed to broadcast to	On January 10, 2014, WQNS completed its move to Woodfin, North Carolina by moving its tower into Asheville, North Carolina and moving from 104.9 FM to 105.1 FM and rebranded as ``Rock 105.1''.	WQNS	Woodfin, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	KOLA is a commercial classic hits music radio station in Redlands, California, broadcasting to the Riverside-San Bernardino, California, area on 99.9 FM.	KOLA	Redlands
licensed to broadcast to	KIOA, ``93.3 KIOA,'' is a classic hits radio station serving the Des Moines, Iowa, area.	KIOA	Des Moines
licensed to broadcast to	CFTX-FM (Capitale Rock) is a French-language radio station based in Gatineau, Quebec.	CFTX-FM	Gatineau
licensed to broadcast to	WPOB (88.5 FM) is high school radio station in Plainview, New York, USA.	WPOB	Plainview, New York
licensed to broadcast to	979fm (call sign: 3RIM) is a radio station based in the city of Melton, Victoria and is run by 3RIM Incorporated.	979fm	Melton
licensed to broadcast to	KFLR-FM is the Phoenix area affiliate of Tucson-based Family Life Radio, not to be confused with Family Radio, which is based in Oakland, California.	KFLR-FM	Phoenix
licensed to broadcast to	WVTY (92.1 FM, ``The Shore'') is an adult hits-formatted radio station in Racine in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.	WVTY	Racine
licensed to broadcast to	WNPQ is a commercial FM radio station licensed to New Philadelphia, Ohio, USA, serving the Canton market.	WNPQ	New Philadelphia
licensed to broadcast to	WCFO, known on air as ``News/Talk 1160'', is a news and talk radio station, licensed to East Point, Georgia, serving the Atlanta, Georgia radio market.	WCFO	East Point, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	KAKQ-FM is a commercial adult contemporary music radio station in Fairbanks, Alaska, broadcasting on 101.1 FM.	KAKQ-FM	Fairbanks
licensed to broadcast to	In 2008, Sud Radio moved its studios to Labège near Toulouse and has a permanent correspondent in Marseille.	Sud Radio	Labège
licensed to broadcast to	KEZE (96.9 FM), ``Hot 96.9'') is a rhythmic contemporary formatted radio station licensed to Spokane, Washington, USA.	KEZE	Spokane
licensed to broadcast to	WSMW (``98.7 Simon FM'') is a Variety Hits station licensed to Greensboro, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, including High Point and Winston-Salem.	WSMW	Greensboro
licensed to broadcast to	WMLL (96.5 FM; ``96.5 The Mill'') is an American radio station licensed to Bedford, New Hampshire, with studios located on Commercial Street in Manchester, New Hampshire.	WMLL	Bedford, New Hampshire
licensed to broadcast to	KZEE (branded as Hot Pepper 1220 AM) is a brokered South Asian AM radio station that serves the Weatherford, Texas, area, and is owned by Tarrant Radio Broadcasters.	KZEE	Weatherford
licensed to broadcast to	CKBL-FM, branded as 92.9 The Bull, is a country radio station located in the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	CKBL-FM	Saskatoon
licensed to broadcast to	KRSK is an American broadcast commercial radio station in Molalla, Oregon, broadcasting to the Portland, Oregon area on 105.1 FM, airing an adult top 40 music format branded as ``The Buzz'', playing current and 2000s hits.	KRSK	Molalla
licensed to broadcast to	KMAJ-FM changed its city of license to Carbondale on June 25, 2009.	KMAJ-FM	Carbondale
licensed to broadcast to	KAOI-FM (95.1 FM, ``iFM'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Wailuku, Hawaii, USA.	KAOI-FM	Wailuku
licensed to broadcast to	CBUF-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts Radio-Canada's Ici Radio-Canada Première network on FM 97.7 MHz in Vancouver and on a chain of rebroadcasters around British Columbia.	CBUF-FM	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	WGMF is an AM radio station licensed to the city of Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania and is part of the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre radio market.	WGMF	Tunkhannock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litton Cheney is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in south-west England.	Litton Cheney	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Marz (Persian: شاه مرز‎, also Romanized as Shāh Marz; also known as Shāh) is a village in Forg Rural District, Forg District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shah Marz	Forg District
manufacturer	The ICE TD was fitted with an electro-mechanic tilting actuator system developed by Siemens, rather than the Fiat (Alstom) Pendolino hydraulic system used in the ICE T. Also, the secondary suspension between bogie and carbody is air springs rather than metal coils for higher ride comfort.	ICE TD	Alstom
manufacturer	Star Princess was built by Fincantieri in Monfalcone, Italy in 2002, and has hull number 6051.	Star Princess	Fincantieri
manufacturer	The Teat-fire cartridge was a .32 caliber pistol cartridge designed by Daniel Moore and manufactured by Moore and his partner David Williamson for their Pocket Revolver, was produced under both the Moore and National Arms marques by the National Arms Company of Brooklyn, New York in the mid-19th century.	Teat-fire cartridge	National Arms Company
manufacturer	The Bristol 406 was a luxury car produced between 1958 and 1961 by British manufacturer Bristol Aeroplane Co. (whose car division later became Bristol Cars).	Bristol 406	Bristol Cars
manufacturer	Squad 51 is a 1972 Dodge D-300 truck, one of 3 different rescue squad vehicles (``squads'') that were used in the filming of the television series Emergency!	Squad 51	Dodge
manufacturer	The Infiniti J30, or Nissan Leopard J Ferie (férié is French for ``holiday'') in Japan, was a rear wheel drive luxury car.	Infiniti J30	Nissan
manufacturer	An EMD SW8 is a diesel shunting/switching locomotive manufactured by General Motors Electro-Motive Division and General Motors Diesel between September 1950 and February 1954.	EMD SW8	General Motors Diesel
manufacturer	The 2011 model was sold as the Lancia Thema in Europe, except in the United Kingdom and Ireland, where it was sold as the Chrysler 300C.	Chrysler 300	Lancia
manufacturer	Diet Coke, (called Coca-Cola light in some countries), is a sugar-free soft drink produced and distributed by The Coca-Cola Company.	Diet Coke	The Coca-Cola Company
manufacturer	The Steyr M1912, also known as the Steyr-Hahn, is a semi-automatic pistol developed in 1911 by the Austrian firm Steyr Mannlicher and designed by Karel Krnka, based on the mechanism of the Roth--	Steyr M1912	Steyr Mannlicher
manufacturer	Mirinda has been owned by PepsiCo since 1970 and is primarily commercialized outside United States.	Mirinda	PepsiCo
manufacturer	The BYD L3 (or BYD New F3 in Latin America) is a car manufactured by BYD Auto Co., Ltd., a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province.	BYD L3	BYD Auto
manufacturer	The Wright R-1820 Cyclone 9 was an American radial engine developed by Curtiss-Wright, widely used on aircraft in the 1930s through 1950s.	Wright R-1820 Cyclone	Curtiss-Wright
manufacturer	The Navistar 7000 series is a line of military heavy lift vehicles based on Navistar International's WorkStar truck chassis, and produced by Navistar Defense.	Navistar 7000 series	Navistar International
manufacturer	USS Neoga (YTB-263) was laid down as YT--263, 24 December 1943, by the J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp., Tacoma, Washington; named Neoga 28 April 1944; reclassified YTB--263, 15 May 1944; launched 13 June 1944; and placed in service 21 October 1944.	USS Neoga (YTB-263)	J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp.
manufacturer	OpenCL was initially developed by Apple Inc., which holds trademark rights, and refined into an initial proposal in collaboration with technical teams at AMD, IBM, Qualcomm, Intel, and Nvidia.	OpenCL	Apple Inc.
manufacturer	The Remington Semi Automatic Sniper System, or RSASS, is a semi-automatic sniper rifle manufactured by Remington Arms.	Remington Semi Automatic Sniper System	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The Iveco Daily is a large light commercial vehicle produced by Iveco since 1978; it was also sold as the Fiat Daily by Fiat until 1983.	Iveco Daily	Fiat
manufacturer	The Aston Martin Razor Blade team car was built in 1923 to break the one-hour light car record of 101.39 mph (163.17 km/h) held by AC Cars.	Razor Blade	Aston Martin
manufacturer	Brilliance BS6, in China sold as Zhonghua Zunchi (Chinese: 中华尊驰), and more recently as the Brilliance M1 is a car produced by Brilliance Auto in the People's Republic of China.	Brilliance BS6	Brilliance Auto
manufacturer	The Dacia Duster is a compact SUV produced jointly by the French manufacturer Renault and its Romanian subsidiary Dacia since 2010.	Dacia Duster	Renault
manufacturer	The twin-turbo Ruf CTR (Group C, Turbo Ruf) also known as the CTR Yellowbird or simply Yellowbird, was a limited-production, high performance sports car produced by Ruf Automobile of Germany.	Ruf CTR	Ruf Automobile
manufacturer	MSC Bruxelles was built by Samsung Heavy Industries in yard 1511 and was finished in November 2005.	MSC Bruxelles	Samsung Heavy Industries
manufacturer	The Bristol 401 saloon and Bristol 402 cabriolet are British luxury sporting cars, produced between 1948 and 1953 by Bristol Cars, an offshoot of the Bristol Aeroplane Co..	Bristol 401	Bristol Cars
manufacturer	The MG 15 was developed from the MG 30 which was designed by Rheinmetall using the locking system invented by Louis Stange in the mid to late 1920s.	MG 15	Rheinmetall
member of political party	Antonio Barbosa Heldt (died September 18, 1973) was a teacher and Mexican politician, member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Antonio Barbosa Heldt	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Emilio González Márquez (born November 12, 1960 in Lagos de Moreno, Jalisco) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN).	Emilio González Márquez	National Action Party
member of sports team	Linus Fagemo is a Swedish professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Frölunda HC of the Elitserien.	Linus Fagemo	Frölunda HC
member of sports team	Peter Motley (born 24 September 1964 in Adelaide, South Australia) is a former professional Australian rules footballer, representing Sturt Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Carlton Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Peter Motley	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	William Ansel ``Bill'' Salisbury (November 12, 1876 -- January 17, 1952), commonly known as Solly Salisbury, was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in 1902 with the Philadelphia Phillies.	Solly Salisbury	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Randy Livingston (born April 2, 1975) is a former American professional basketball player who last played point guard for the NBA Development League's Idaho Stampede.	Randy Livingston	Idaho Stampede
member of sports team	Wolfgang Strobel (17 October 1896 -- 19 April 1945) was a German football forward who played for 1. FC Nürnberg.	Wolfgang Strobel	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	Richard Tardits (born July 30, 1965 in Bayonne, France), is a former American football linebacker for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.	Richard Tardits	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Michael Dax McCarty (born April 30, 1987 in Winter Park, Florida) is an American soccer player who currently plays for and captains New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer.	Dax McCarty	New York Red Bulls
member of sports team	Jean Desclaux (1922 - 24 March 2006) was a French rugby union player and coach who played for US Dax as flanker.	Jean Desclaux	US Dax
member of sports team	Márkó Sós (born 29 December 1990) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE.	Márkó Sós	Gyirmót SE
member of sports team	Kang Jung-hun (Hangul: 강정훈; born 16 December 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Busan Transportation Corporation on loan from FC Seoul in the K League Classic.	Kang Jung-hun	FC Seoul
member of sports team	Andrew Sweetland (born October 21, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League on loan from the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL.	Andrew Sweetland	Binghamton Senators
member of sports team	Antonio Bareiro Álvarez (born April 24, 1989) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and forward for Paraguayan side Club Libertad.	Antonio Bareiro	Club Libertad
member of sports team	Fabrice Elysée Kouadio Kouakou (born October 3, 1990) nickname Manucho is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a striker for USM Alger in Ligue 1, The Algerian football league.	Fabrice Elysée Kouadio Kouakou	USM Alger
member of sports team	On 26 February 2013, Artur Kotenko signed 1-year contract with Belarusian club FC Dnepr Mogilev.	Artur Kotenko	FC Dnepr Mogilev
member of sports team	Martin Kaalma (born 14 April 1977 in Tallinn) is an Estonian professional footballer, who plays in Estonian Meistriliiga, for Paide Linnameeskond.	Martin Kaalma	Paide Linnameeskond
member of sports team	Silvio Cavrić (born 10 July 1985 in Sisak) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a defender or defensive midfielder for Albanian Superliga club KF Laçi.	Silvio Cavrić	KF Laçi
member of sports team	Taylor Hine is an Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Taylor Hine	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Jaime Frías Flores, Jr. (born February 18, 1993) is a Mexican American soccer player who plays as a defender for C.D. Guadalajara.	Jaime Frías	C.D. Guadalajara
member of sports team	Cristo Díaz Martín (born 20 June 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Algeciras CF on loan from CD Tenerife as a central midfielder.	Cristo Díaz Martín	Algeciras CF
member of sports team	Mike Torchia (born February 23, 1972 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey goalie who played six games in the National Hockey League for the Dallas Stars during the 1994--95 NHL season.	Mike Torchia	Dallas Stars
member of sports team	Selda Akgöz (born June 9, 1993) is a Turkish women's football goalkeeper currently playing in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Trabzon İdmanocağı with jersey number 1.	Selda Akgöz	Trabzon İdmanocağı
member of sports team	Clarence Matt Blank (born April 5, 1976) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played for the Montreal Expos.	Matt Blank	Montreal Expos
member of sports team	Vedran Gerc (born 14 February 1986 in Rijeka) is a Croatian football Forward who currently plays for Al-Hussein SC (Irbid) in Jordan's AL-Manaseer Jordanian Pro League.	Vedran Gerc	Al-Hussein
member of sports team	Johannes Reichel (born April 29, 1982) is an Austrian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for EC KAC in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Johannes Reichel	EC KAC
member of sports team	Wilfred Bouma (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɪlfrəd ˈbʌu̯ma); born 15 June 1978) is a Dutch former footballer who played most notably for PSV Eindhoven, Aston Villa and the Netherlands national team.	Wilfred Bouma	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Windsor Noncent (born 12 June 1984 in Clichy-la-Garenne) is a Haitian-French footballer, who currently plays for Don Bosco FC.	Windsor Noncent	Don Bosco FC
member of sports team	Yevhen Odyntsov (Ukrainian: Євген Юрійович Одинцов; born 23 August 1986 in Yevpatoria, Krym Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Yevhen Odyntsov	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Loukas Karakatsanis (born 22 October 1981 in Livadeia, Greece) is a professional football midfielder who last played for Diagoras F.C. in the Greek second division.	Loukas Karakatsanis	Diagoras F.C.
member of sports team	Sergei Dorofeyev (born 26 August 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Sergei Dorofeyev	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
member of sports team	Kristoffer Haugen (born 21 February 1994) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for Norwegian Premier League side Viking FK.	Kristoffer Haugen	Viking FK
member of sports team	Giannis Takidis (Greek: Γιάννης Τακίδης) (born 17 April 1981 in Thessaloniki, Greece) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Rot-Weiss Frankfurt.	Giannis Takidis	Rot-Weiss Frankfurt
member of sports team	Atef Abu Bilal (Arabic: عاطف ابو بلال‎) is a Palestinian footballer currently playing for Shabab Al-Khaleel as a winger.	Atef Abu Bilal	Shabab Al-Khaleel
member of sports team	Drew Bagnall (born October 26, 1983) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played briefly with the Minnesota Wild in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Drew Bagnall	Minnesota Wild
member of sports team	Steffen Hofmann (born 9 September 1980 in Würzburg, Germany) is a German footballer, playing for SK Rapid Wien of the Austrian Bundesliga.	Steffen Hofmann	SK Rapid Wien
member of sports team	Thaddeus Coleman (born June 20, 1985) is an American football offensive lineman who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Thaddeus Coleman	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Hryhoriy Yarmash (Ukrainian: Григорій Петрович Ярмаш; born 4 January 1985 in Zaliztsi, in the Ternopil Oblast, in the Ukrainian SSR, of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender currently playing for FC Zorya Luhansk after 5 seasons with FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Hryhoriy Yarmash	FC Zorya Luhansk
member of sports team	Pascal Olmeta (born 7 April 1961 in Bastia) is a French football goalkeeper who played for Olympique de Marseille and Olympique Lyonnais in the 1990s.	Pascal Olmeta	Olympique de Marseille	Olympique Lyonnais
member of sports team	Tarek Berguiga (born September 11, 1985) is an Algerian football goalkeeper who plays for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Tarek Berguiga	ES Sétif
member of sports team	Tony Gigot (born 27 December 1990 in Avignon, France) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Catalans Dragons and at international level for France.	Tony Gigot	Catalans Dragons
member of sports team	Anja Prša (born 9 June 1994) is a Slovenian football defender currently playing in the 1.SŽNL for ŽNK Pomurje, with which she has also played the Champions League.	Anja Prša	ŽNK Pomurje
member of sports team	Jason Gram (born 27 April 1984) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who previously played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jason Gram	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Ralph Perretta was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for six seasons for the San Diego Chargers and New York Giants.	Ralph Perretta	San Diego Chargers	New York Giants
member of sports team	Emil Rilke (born 19 November 1983) is a Czech footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Ústí nad Labem, after leaving Romanian Universitatea Cluj.	Emil Rilke	FK Ústí nad Labem
member of sports team	Milancy Khongstia (born 13 January 1993) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Royal Wahingdoh F.C. in the I-League.	Milancy Khongstia	Royal Wahingdoh F.C.
member of sports team	Jordy de Wijs (born 8 January 1995) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a centre back for PSV Eindhoven in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Jordy de Wijs	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Edoardo Lancini (born 10 April 1994) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio as a center back.	Edoardo Lancini	Brescia Calcio
member of sports team	Ahren Spylo (born Ahren Nittel on December 6, 1983) is a German-Canadian professional ice hockey player, who plays for EHC Biel in the Swiss National League.	Ahren Spylo	EHC Biel
member of sports team	Abdelkabir El Ouadi (born 20 February 1993) is a Moroccan professional footballer, who plays as a Winger for Raja Casablanca.	Abdelkabir El Ouadi	Raja Casablanca
member of sports team	Anton Sytnykov (Ukrainian: Антон Олександрович Ситников; born 12 July 1991 in Dniprorudne, Zaporizhia Oblast) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk in the Ukrainian Second League.	Anton Sytnykov	FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk
member of sports team	Dawa Gyeltshen (born 7 June 1986) is a Bhutanese international footballer, currently playing for Transport United.	Dawa Gyeltshen	Transport United
member of sports team	Siim Roops (born 4 March 1986 in Tartu) is an Estonian footballer, who plays for FK Jerv in the Norwegian Second Division.	Siim Roops	FK Jerv
member of sports team	Salim Mramboini (born August 26, 1984 in Marseille) is a French-born Comorian professional football player, who currently plays for GS Consolat Marseille.	Salim Mramboini	GS Consolat
member of sports team	Klaus Wunder (born 13 September 1950 in Erfurt) is a former German footballer who played for FC Bayern Munich and was part of their European Cup victory in 1975.	Klaus Wunder	FC Bayern Munich
member of sports team	Patrick Deyto (born 15 February 1990) is a Filipino professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Global F.C. in the United Football League (UFL) and the Philippines national football team.	Patrick Deyto	Global F.C.
member of sports team	Mario Gómez Martín (born 6 October 1992), simply known as Mario, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano B as a central defender.	Mario Gómez Martín	Rayo Vallecano B
member of sports team	Jason Crumb (born April 26, 1973) is a former Canadian football defensive back who played six seasons with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Jason Crumb	BC Lions
member of sports team	Chris Lewis-Harris (born February 11, 1989) is an American football Cornerback who is currently playing for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League.	Chris Lewis-Harris	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Travis Lulay (born September 27, 1983) is a professional American and Canadian football quarterback for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Travis Lulay	BC Lions
member of sports team	Kaspars Saulietis (born June 12, 1987) is a Latvian ice hockey right winger, currently playing for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Kaspars Saulietis	Dinamo Riga
member of sports team	Marat Fakhrutdinov (born November 27, 1988) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Marat Fakhrutdinov	Traktor Chelyabinsk
member of sports team	István Verpecz (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈvɛrpɛt͡s); born 4 February 1987 in Szikszó) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	István Verpecz	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Detinho signed with Leixões S.C. in the third tier in late September 2001.	Detinho	Leixões S.C.
member of sports team	Ayanda Gcaba (born 8 March 1986) is a South African international footballer who plays professionally for Orlando Pirates, as a defender.	Ayanda Gcaba	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Karl Chandler is a former professional American football player who played six seasons as an offensive lineman for the New York Giants and Detroit Lions.	Karl Chandler	New York Giants	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Mauro Andrés Caballero Aguilera (born 27 September 1994) is a Paraguayan football Striker who plays for Liechtenstein club FC Vaduz in Swiss Super League on loan from Porto B In the Primeira Liga.	Mauro Andrés Caballero	FC Vaduz
member of sports team	Ivan Terziyski (Bulgarian: Иван Терзийски) (born 6 December 1980) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for FC Sportist Svoge as a midfielder.	Ivan Terziyski	FC Sportist Svoge
member of sports team	Emueje Ogbiagbevha is a Nigerian football striker currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt in the Kazakhstani Championship.	Emueje Ogbiagbevha	BIIK Kazygurt
member of sports team	Jan van Deinsen (born June 19, 1953 in Tiel, Gelderland) is a retired football midfielder and forward from the Netherlands, who played for NEC Nijmegen, Go Ahead Eagles and Feyenoord Rotterdam during his professional career.	Jan van Deinsen	Go Ahead Eagles	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Born in Amparo, São Paulo, Luisão represented Clube Atlético Juventus and Cruzeiro Esporte Clube in his country, scoring a career-best six goals in 24 matches in his third season with the latter.	Luisão	Clube Atlético Juventus
member of sports team	Alexandru Suvorov (born 2 February 1987 in Chişinău) is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Milsami Orhei and the Moldova national team.	Alexandru Suvorov	FC Milsami
member of sports team	Aleksandr Yevgenyevich Nikulin (Russian: Александр Евгеньевич Никулин; born January 19, 1985) is a Russian professional football player who plays for Jõhvi FC Lokomotiv.	Aleksandr Yevgenyevich Nikulin	Jõhvi FC Lokomotiv
member of sports team	Herve Tonye-Tonye (born May 15, 1988 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a professional Canadian football linebacker for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Herve Tonye-Tonye	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Keiron Bigby (born February 27, 1966 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.	Keiron Bigby	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Neiron Ball (born August 20, 1992) is an American football outside linebacker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL).	Neiron Ball	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Ben Kinnear (born 27 February 1979) is a former Australian footballer who played with Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Central District Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Ben Kinnear	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Caleb Stanko (born July 23, 1993) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a midfielder for SC Freiburg.	Caleb Stanko	SC Freiburg
member of sports team	Austin Amutu (born 20 February 1993) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays as a forward for Israeli Premier League side,Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C., and the Nigeria U-23 team.	Austin Amutu	Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C.
member of sports team	Chris Ciezki (born January 6, 1981 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former professional Canadian football fullback for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Chris Ciezki	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Karim Baïteche (born July 10, 1991) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for USM Alger.	Karim Baïteche	USM Alger
member of sports team	Laurent Courtois began his career in the youth ranks of top French club Olympique Lyonnais.	Laurent Courtois	Olympique Lyonnais
member of sports team	Farell Duclair (born May 10, 1972) is a former Canadian football fullback who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Calgary Stampeders and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Farell Duclair	Calgary Stampeders	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Herve Xavier Zengue or simply Xavier (born 22 January 1984 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football player who last played for FC Terek Grozny.	Herve Xavier Zengue	FC Terek Grozny
member of sports team	Ao Feifan (Chinese: 敖飞帆; pinyin: Áo Fēifān; born January 24, 1989 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Jiangxi Liansheng in the China League One.	Ao Feifan	Jiangxi Liansheng
member of sports team	Joachim Svendsen (born October 16, 1994) is a Norwegian ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with Lørenskog IK in the GET-ligaen.	Joachim Svendsen	Lørenskog IK
member of sports team	Miroslav Keresteš (born 30 July 1989) is an Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for SYNOT liga club FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Miroslav Keresteš	FC Zbrojovka Brno
member of sports team	Javier Velayos Rodríguez (born 6 April 1987) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Romanian club ASA Târgu Mureș on loan from CFR Cluj as a right back.	Javier Velayos	CFR Cluj
member of sports team	Sture Mårtensson (27 April 1916 -- 15 February 2004) was a Swedish footballer who played his entire professional career at Malmö FF as a defender.	Sture Mårtensson	Malmö FF
member of sports team	Lukáš Migaľa (born 4 July 1990) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová as a right back.	Lukáš Migaľa	ŽP Šport Podbrezová
member of sports team	Aliassou Sanou is a Burkina Faso professional footballer, who plays as a Midfielder for AS SONABEL and the Burkina Faso national football team.	Aliassou Sanou	AS SONABEL
member of sports team	Allison Whitworth (born in Birmingham, Alabama) is a former American football goalkeeper who last played for the Atlanta Beat of Women's Professional Soccer.	Allison Whitworth	Atlanta Beat
member of sports team	Stefano Minelli (born 5 March 1994) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio as a goalkeeper.	Stefano Minelli	Brescia Calcio
member of sports team	Greg Pipes (born August 4, 1946) is a former award winning and all-star defensive tackle in the Canadian Football League with the Edmonton Eskimos from 1968 to 1972.	Greg Pipes	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Denys Andriyenko (Ukrainian: Денис Андрієнко, born 12 April 1980 in Yevpatoria) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Denys Andriyenko	FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
member of sports team	Julien Rinaldi (born 24 April 1979 in Villeneuve-lès-Avignon, France) is a French former rugby league footballer who played for Wakefield Trinity, Catalans Dragons, London Broncos and Bradford Bulls in Super League.	Julien Rinaldi	Catalans Dragons	London Broncos	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Tom Arscott (born 25 August 1984) is a rugby union player Arscott joined Bristol from Plymouth Albion R.F.C. before the start of the 07-08 Guinness Premiership season, joining his brother Luke who had joined from the same team the season before.	Tom Arscott	Plymouth Albion R.F.C.
member of sports team	Hamed Sarlak (Persian: حامد سرلک‎) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the IPL.	Hamed Sarlak	Sanat Naft F.C.
member of sports team	Hélios Sessolo (born 26 May 1993 in Commugny) is a Swiss footballer of Spanish descent who currently plays for BSC Young Boys in the Swiss Super League.	Hélios Sessolo	BSC Young Boys
member of sports team	Aloysius Pennie (born April 17, 1984) is a Liberian footballer, who plays for Liberia Ship Corporate Registry Football Club, as a defender.	Aloysius Pennie	Liberia Ship Corporate Registry Football Club
member of sports team	Dino Arslanagić (born 24 April 1993) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Belgian club Standard Liège.	Dino Arslanagić	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Juanito Sequeira (born 14 March 1982) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder Sequeira is currently without a club after having formerly played for Excelsior, FC Dordrecht and Helmond Sport.	Juanito Sequeira	FC Dordrecht	Helmond Sport
member of sports team	John Douglas Wyatt Doug Wyatt is a former professional American football player who played defensive back in the National Football League for five seasons for the New Orleans Saints and Detroit Lions.	Doug Wyatt	New Orleans Saints	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Courtney Stephen (born October 27, 1989 in Brampton, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football defensive back who is currently a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Courtney Stephen	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Severin Blindenbacher (born March 15, 1983 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a professional ice hockey defenceman, who currently plays for the ZSC Lions in the Swiss National League A. Blindenbacher has also played for the Swiss national ice hockey team.	Severin Blindenbacher	ZSC Lions
member of sports team	Armando Navarrete García (born 22 November 1980 in Jacona, Michoacán) is a professional Mexican football goalkeeper who currently plays for Cimarrones de Sonora on loan from Club América in the Ascenso MX, second division league of Mexico.	Armando Navarrete	Club América
member of sports team	Lewis Tierney (born 20 October 1994) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Wigan Warriors in the European Super League.	Lewis Tierney	Wigan Warriors
member of sports team	Hasan Emini (born in Kavajë) is a retired Albanian footballer who played as a defender for Besa Kavajë during the 1980s.	Hasan Emini	Besa Kavajë
member of sports team	Darius Sanders (born September 25, 1983) is an American football defensive end for the San Francisco 49ers.	Darius Sanders	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Yasser Al-Rawashdeh (born in 1990) is a Jordanian footballer who is a right back for Al-Arabi (Irbid).	Yasser Al-Rawashdeh	Al-Arabi
member of sports team	Mladen Brkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mлaдeн Бpкић; born October 30, 1980) is a Serbian footballer playing for FK Karađorđe Topola in the Serbian League West.	Mladen Brkić	FK Karađorđe Topola
member of sports team	Matthew Larkin (born 19 August 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club.	Matthew Larkin	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Mohamed Ali Nafkha (born January 25, 1986 in Sousse) is a Tunisian football player who is currently playing for Étoile du Sahel on loan from FC Zürich.	Mohamed Ali Nafkha	FC Zürich
member of sports team	Born in Arrentela, Seixal, Setúbal, José Henrique first played at Amora FC (three seasons), then with Seixal F.C. and Atlético Clube de Portugal (one apiece), all clubs in the Lisbon area.	José Henrique	Seixal F.C.	Atlético Clube de Portugal
member of sports team	Mike Strickland (born August 11, 1951) was a Canadian Football League running back for the BC Lions from 1975 through 1977, and for the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1978 and 1979.	Mike Strickland	BC Lions
member of sports team	Jesús Cañizares Sánchez (born 21 April 1992), most known as Cañi, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD As Pontes as an attacking midfielder.	Jesús Cañizares Sánchez	CD As Pontes
member of sports team	Tim Melia (/ˈmiːliə/; born May 15, 1986) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer.	Tim Melia	Sporting Kansas City
member of sports team	Starting at the age of four, Volker Abramczik played for the youth sides of FC Schalke 04.	Volker Abramczik	FC Schalke 04
member of sports team	Rashid Chidi Gumbo (born 14 October 1988 in Dar es Salaam) is a Tanzanian football midfield who plays for Young Africans S.C..	Rashid Chidi Gumbo	Young Africans S.C.
member of sports team	Ari-Pekka Hakala (born 15 May 1985, in Urjala, Finland), is a Finnish semi-professional ice hockey player, who plays right wing for the Canberra Knights in the AIHL.	Ari-Pekka Hakala	Canberra Knights
member of sports team	Gabriel Özkan (ˈœzkan) (born May 23, 1986 in Stockholm) is a Swedish-Assyrian football player who currently plays for IF Brommapojkarna Gabriel joined AIK in the summer of 2006 from Brommapojkarna, after coming through their youth academy and eventually becoming a first-team player, although still being a teenager.	Gabriel Özkan	IF Brommapojkarna
member of sports team	Jonas Dal Andersen (born 7 July 1976) is a former Danish professional football defender who currently is working as manager of Danish Superliga side Esbjerg fB.	Jonas Dal	Esbjerg fB
member of sports team	After that Catanha went pretty much unnoticed, representing FC Krylia Sovetov Samara, Belenenses, Marília Atlético Clube and Clube Atlético Mineiro.	Catanha	FC Krylia Sovetov Samara	Marília Atlético Clube	Clube Atlético Mineiro
member of sports team	Giel Deferm (born 30 June 1988 in Belgium) is a professional football (soccer) left back, who plays for Lommel United in the Belgian Second Division.	Giel Deferm	Lommel United
member of sports team	Saad Al-Yami is a Saudi Arabian football Midfielder who played for Al Ittifaq and Hajer and Al-Nahda .	Saad Al-Yami	Al-Nahda
member of sports team	Lukáš Gašparovič (Croatian: Luka Gašparović, German: Lukas Gaschparowitz; born 17 February 1993 in Bratislava, Slovakia) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Lukáš Gašparovič	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Sébastien Fauqué is a French rugby union player, born 6 March 1977 in Tarbes (Hautes-Pyrénées), who plays as fly half for Atlantique Stade Rochelais.	Sébastien Fauqué	Atlantique Stade Rochelais
member of sports team	Chinonso Christian Obiozor (born 31 October 1994) is a Nigerian football forward who plays for Kano Pillars F.C..	Christian Obiozor	Kano Pillars
member of sports team	Allan Cooke (9 April 1930 -- 12 May 2010) was an Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1949 and 1958 for the Richmond Football Club.	Allan Cooke	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Fatih Ceylan (born 25 November 1980) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a left winger for 1. CfR Pforzheim.	Fatih Ceylan	1. CfR Pforzheim
member of sports team	Ray Durham was originally a 5th round pick by the Chicago White Sox in 1990.	Ray Durham	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Alejandro de la Cruz Bentos (born May 3, 1978 in Corrientes, Argentina) is an Argentinan Footballer who currently plays for C.D. FAS in El Salvador.	Alejandro de la Cruz Bentos	C.D. FAS
member of sports team	Gabriele Zerbo (born 16 May 1994) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian Serie A club (U.S. Città di Palermo).	Gabriele Zerbo	U.S. Città di Palermo
member of sports team	Ivan Nielsen (born 9 October 1956) is a Danish former professional football player, who most prominently played professionally for Dutch clubs Feyenoord Rotterdam and PSV Eindhoven, winning the European Cup with PSV.	Ivan Nielsen	Feyenoord	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Kelvin Edwards is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the New Orleans Saints and Dallas Cowboys.	Kelvin Edwards	New Orleans Saints	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Travis Varcoe (born 10 April 1988) is an Australian rules footballer for the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Travis Varcoe	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	On 22 May 2008, Deportivo de La Coruña announced an agreement between the club and Omar Bravo for the next three years.	Omar Bravo	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Juan Pablo Pereyra (born 30 May 1984 in San Lorenzo) is an Argentine football midfielder or forward who plays for Independiente Rivadavia.	Juan Pablo Pereyra	Independiente Rivadavia
member of sports team	Dominik Bielke (born August 22, 1990 in Germany) is a German ice hockey defenseman currently playing for EHC München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Dominik Bielke	EHC München
member of sports team	Mark DeBolla (born 1 January 1983) is an English football forward who is currently unattached after being released in the summer of 2008 from AFC Wimbledon.	Mark DeBolla	AFC Wimbledon
member of sports team	Vermelhinho closed out his career at first club Sanjoanense at the age of 36, also having represented in one-season spells G.D. Chaves, S.C. Braga and S.C. Espinho.	Vermelhinho	G.D. Chaves	S.C. Braga	S.C. Espinho
member of sports team	Dušan Nestorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Душaн Hecтopoвић; born June 26, 1986) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Rudar Pljevlja.	Dušan Nestorović	FK Rudar Pljevlja
member of sports team	Mauro Jörg (born April 29, 1990) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for HC Davos in the National League A (NLA).	Mauro Jörg	HC Davos
member of sports team	Akis Agiomamitis is a retired Cypriot international footballer who played as a defender for OFI Crete and is now a football manager.	Akis Agiomamitis	OFI Crete
member of sports team	Emil Berger (born 23 May 1991 in Degerfors) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Fylkir on loan from Örebro SK as a midfielder.	Emil Berger	Örebro SK
member of sports team	Jerry van Ewijk (born 12 March 1992) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger for Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jerry van Ewijk	Go Ahead Eagles
member of sports team	Peter Aubry (born May 19, 1977 in Windsor, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Ducs d'Angers of the Ligue Magnus in France.	Peter Aubry	Ducs d'Angers
member of sports team	Stefan Aigner (born 20 August 1987) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga.	Stefan Aigner	Eintracht Frankfurt
member of sports team	Bolu Fagborun was a rugby league player for the Sheffield Eagles in National League One.	Bolu Fagborun	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Larry Highbaugh (born January 14, 1950 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a former defensive back for the British Columbia Lions from 1971--1972 and the Edmonton Eskimos from 1972--1983 of the Canadian Football League.	Larry Highbaugh	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Gustavo Ibáñez (born July 30, 1979 in Tucuman, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for Juventud Antoniana.	Gustavo Ibáñez	Juventud Antoniana
member of sports team	Taiwo Awoniyi Micheal (born August 12, 1997) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for FSV Frankfurt on loan from English side Liverpool.	Taiwo Awoniyi	FSV Frankfurt
member of sports team	Ivan Opačak (born April 23, 1980) is a Bosnian professional basketball player for HKK Široki of the Adriatic League and Bosnian League.	Ivan Opačak	HKK Široki
member of sports team	Park Won-jae (Hangul: 박원재, Hanja: 朴原載, born 28 May 1984 in Pohang) is a South Korea footballer, who currently plays as Full back for K League side Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.	Park Won-jae	Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
member of sports team	Rodger Saffold III (born June 6, 1988) is an American football offensive guard for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL).	Rodger Saffold	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Israa Hamwiah (Arabic: إسراء حموية‎, born 11 February 1991 in Homs) is a Syrian footballer who currently plays for Al-Sheikh Hussein FC in Jordan.	Israa Hamwiah	Al-Sheikh Hussein FC
member of sports team	Artem Schedryi (Ukrainian: Артем Альбертович Щедрий; born 9 November 1992 in Beryslav, Kherson Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Zirka Kirovohrad.	Artem Schedryi	FC Zirka Kirovohrad
member of sports team	Shyqyri Rreli (born in 1930) is a former Albanian football player for who spent the majority of his career with Dinamo Tirana, having previously played for KF Erzeni and Puna Tirana, which is the modern day KF Tirana.	Shyqyri Rreli	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Ippey Sinodzuka or Ippei Shinozuka (篠塚 一平, Russian: Иппэй Синодзука; born March 20, 1995 in Abiko, Chiba, Japan) is a Russian football player of Japanese descent who currently plays for FC Spartak-2 Moscow.	Ippey Sinodzuka	FC Spartak-2 Moscow
member of sports team	Jorrit Kunst (born 11 May 1989 in Uithuizermeeden) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for WKE in the Dutch Topklasse.	Jorrit Kunst	WKE
member of sports team	Aristeidis Lottas (Greek: Άρης Λωττας; born 16 September 1988 in Ioannina) is a Greek footballer currently playing for PGS Kissamikos F.C in the Football League (Greece) as a Midfielder.	Aristeidis Lottas	Kissamikos F.C
member of sports team	Toni Datković (born 6 November 1993) is a Croatian football defender who plays for FC Koper in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Toni Datković	FC Koper
member of sports team	Ville-Joonas Peltola (born February 16, 1985) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who plays for Lempäälän Kisa.	Ville-Joonas Peltola	Lempäälän Kisa
member of sports team	Shaun Perry (born 4 May 1978) is a former English rugby union footballer, who last played for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership.	Shaun Perry	Worcester Warriors
member of sports team	Sérgio André Oliveira da Silva (born 19 September 1980 in Matosinhos), known as Pedras, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Leixões S.C. as a striker.	Sérgio André Oliveira da Silva	Leixões S.C.
member of sports team	Aleksei Olegovich Alekseyev (Russian: Алексей Олегович Алексеев; born 14 April 1989) is a Russian professional football player, who last played for the A Lyga club FK Banga Gargždai.	Aleksei Olegovich Alekseyev	FK Banga Gargždai
member of sports team	Javier Paredes Arango (born 5 July 1982) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié mainly as a left back.	Javier Paredes	Albacete Balompié
member of sports team	Pat Coleman is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the New England Patriots and Houston Oilers.	Pat Coleman	New England Patriots	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Burak Eris (born 17 July 1989) is a Liechtensteiner footballer of Turkish descent who currently plays for FC Chur 97 in Switzerland.	Burak Eris	FC Chur 97
member of sports team	Dennis Van Zant (born June 1, 1952) is a professional basketball power forward who played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA) as a member of the San Antonio Spurs (1975--76).	Dennis Van Zant	San Antonio Spurs
member of sports team	Damien Germanier (born 30 March 1988 in Sion) is a Swiss football midfielder, who currently plays for FC Echallens on loan from FC Sion.	Damien Germanier	FC Echallens	FC Sion
member of sports team	Igor Karačić (Macedonian: Игор Карачиќ; born 2 November 1988) is a Croatian professional handball player who plays for RK Vardar of the Macedonian VIP Super League.	Igor Karačić	RK Vardar
member of sports team	Jakub Orsava (born February 27, 1991) is a Czech hockey player, who currently plays for HC Oceláři Třinec.	Jakub Orsava	HC Oceláři Třinec
member of sports team	In 1980, Juary embarked on an Italian adventure that would last five seasons, as he mainly represented modest teams (U.S. Avellino, Ascoli Calcio 1898 and U.S. Cremonese -- additionally, in 1982--83, he played with Inter Milan, scoring twice in Serie A).	Juary	U.S. Cremonese
member of sports team	Veljko Nikitović (Serbian Cyrillic: Beљкo Hикитoвић ; born 3 October 1980 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Górnik Łęczna.	Veljko Nikitović	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Karl Pratt (born 18 July 1980) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for England, and Great Britain, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, Leeds Rhinos and Bradford Bulls (with whom he won the 2003 Super League Grand Final and Challenge Cup).	Karl Pratt	Featherstone Rovers	Leeds Rhinos	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Abu Bakar Fadzim is a Malaysian football coach of PKNP F.C. He played for Perak FA from 1991 to 2003, except for 1999 when he played for Perlis FA.	Abu Bakar Fadzim	Perak FA	Perlis FA
member of sports team	Farrukh Ismayilov (Azerbaijani: Fərrux İsmayılov); (born on 30 August 1978) is a Retired Azerbaijani footballer who last played for FK Mughan.	Farrukh Ismayilov	FK Mughan
member of sports team	Antonio Rojas (born March 27, 1984) is a Paraguayan footballer, who currently plays for Halmstads BK as a midfielder.	Antonio Rojas	Halmstads BK
member of sports team	Jordan Larsson (born 20 June 1997) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Helsingborgs IF in Allsvenskan as a forward.	Jordan Larsson	Helsingborgs IF
member of sports team	Ryan Young (born June 28, 1976 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former American football offensive tackle who played in the National Football League for the New York Jets, Houston Texans and the Dallas Cowboys.	Ryan Young	New York Jets	Houston Texans	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Curtis McGriff (born May 17, 1958) is a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the New York Giants and the Washington Redskins.	Curtis McGriff	New York Giants	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Srđan Ajković (Cyrillic: Cpђaн Ajкoвић, born 15 October 1991) is a Montenegrin football midfielder playing with FK Zemun.	Srđan Ajković	FK Zemun
member of sports team	A defender and sweeper in his professional career, Bernard Dietz played in 495 Bundesliga matches for MSV Duisburg and FC Schalke 04, scoring 70 goals in his Duisburg years and seven in his days with FC Schalke 04 in the top tier of German football.	Bernard Dietz	MSV Duisburg	FC Schalke 04
member of sports team	Legi Matiu disputes European competitions in 19 games, including eight in the European Cup with Biarritz and 11 European challenge with Biarritz and FC Grenoble.	Legi Matiu	FC Grenoble
member of sports team	Giannis Zapropoulos (Greek: Γιάννης Ζαπρόπουλος; born 20 March 1982) is a Greek football defender who plays for Ionikos F.C. in the Beta Ethniki.	Giannis Zapropoulos	Ionikos F.C.
member of sports team	Simon McIntyre is an English rugby union prop forward who plays for Wasps RFC.	Simon McIntyre	Wasps RFC
member of sports team	Marvin Phillips (born December 28, 1983) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Étoile de Charleville-Mézières of the LNB Pro B. He most notably won the NBL Canada Finals Most Valuable Player Award in 2013, after leading the London Lightning to a National Basketball League of Canada championship that season.	Marvin Phillips	Étoile de Charleville-Mézières
member of sports team	Igor Lozo (born 2 March 1984) is a Croatian football player playing for NK Međimurje.	Igor Lozo	NK Međimurje
member of sports team	Born in Zvornik, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Milenko Milošević played his early career in Serbia with FK Loznica from where he moved to Red Star Belgrade.	Milenko Milošević	FK Loznica
member of sports team	Aaron Scheffer (born August 15, 1975 in Ypsilanti, Michigan) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners (1999).	Aaron Scheffer	Seattle Mariners
member of sports team	Syed Sabir Pasha (born 5 November 1972) is a former Indian football player and is the current head coach of the AIFF Elite Academy.	Syed Sabir Pasha	AIFF Elite Academy
member of sports team	Grégoire Gael Nkama is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a centre forward for JS Kabylie.	Grégoire Gael Nkama	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Ben Pienaar (born 10 September 1986) is a rugby union player for London Welsh in the Aviva Premiership, having formerly played for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership.	Ben Pienaar	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Claudio Lustenberger (born 6 January 1987) is a Swiss football defender who currently plays as a left-back for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League.	Claudio Lustenberger	FC Luzern
member of sports team	Stefan Nenadović (born 4 January 1991) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for Montenegrin First League club OFK Bar.	Stefan Nenadović	OFK Bar
member of sports team	Fernando Emanuel Dening (born 4 July 1988 in Goya) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Boca Unidos.	Emanuel Dening	Boca Unidos
member of sports team	Marco Franin (born 1 February 1992) is a Swiss/Croatian footballer currently playing for FC Chiasso in the Swiss Super League.	Marco Franin	FC Chiasso
member of sports team	Eric Ayuk Mbu (born 17 February 1997) is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for the Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer as a winger.	Eric Ayuk	Philadelphia Union
military branch	Hector Quintanilla, Jr. (May 7, 1923 -- May 18, 1998) was a United States Air Force (USAF) Lieutenant Colonel, best known as the last chief officer of Project Blue Book, the USAF's official unidentified flying object investigative arm.	Hector Quintanilla	United States Air Force
military branch	Rear-Admiral Valentine Collard (c. 1770 -- 18 March 1846) was a Royal Navy officer of the early nineteenth century who is best known for his service in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Valentine Collard	Royal Navy
named after	In 1991 FIT launched the idea of an officially recognised International Translation Day to show solidarity of the worldwide translation community in an effort to promote the translation profession in different countries (not necessarily only in Christian ones).	International Translation Day	translation
named after	The Province of Jülich-Cleves-Berg (German: Provinz Jülich-Kleve-Berg) was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1815--22.	Province of Jülich-Cleves-Berg	Kleve
named after	The Beilby Medal and Prize is awarded in memory of Scottish scientist Sir George Thomas Beilby FRS.	Beilby Medal and Prize	George Thomas Beilby
named after	The Varga Katalin Secondary School (since 2007 officially Varga Katalin Gimnázium -- Varga Katalin Secondary School) is a secondary school in Szolnok, Hungary established in 1930, which was named after Katalin Bánffy between 1936 and 1951.	Varga Katalin Secondary School	Katalin Bánffy
named after	The Adam style (or Adamesque and ``Style of the Brothers Adam'') is an 18th-century neoclassical style of interior design and architecture, as practised by three Scottish brothers, of whom Robert Adam (1728--1792) and James Adam (1732--1794) were the most widely known.	Adam style	Robert Adam	James Adam
named after	The Kantorovich inequality is named after Soviet economist, mathematician, and Nobel Prize winner Leonid Kantorovich, a pioneer in the field of linear programming.	Kantorovich inequality	Leonid Kantorovich
named after	Eleutherodactylus zeus (common name: Zeus' robber frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus zeus	Zeus
named after	Riemannian geometry originated with the vision of Bernhard Riemann expressed in his inaugurational lecture Ueber die Hypothesen, welche der Geometrie zu Grunde liegen (On the Hypotheses which lie at the Bases of Geometry).	Riemannian geometry	Bernhard Riemann
named after	The Mössbauer effect, or recoilless nuclear resonance fluorescence, is a physical phenomenon discovered by Rudolf Mössbauer in 1958.	Mössbauer effect	Rudolf Mössbauer
named after	Jacques-Cartier National Park is located in the Laurentian Mountains along the Jacques-Cartier River valley, to the west of Quebec Route 175.	Jacques-Cartier National Park	Jacques-Cartier River
named after	The Kuznetsov Design Bureau (OKB-276) was a Soviet design bureau for aircraft engines, administrated by Nikolai Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov.	Kuznetsov Design Bureau	Nikolai Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov
named after	The Jonathan B. Postel Service Award is an award named after Jon Postel.	Jonathan B. Postel Service Award	Jon Postel
named after	In mathematics, the Thom space, Thom complex, or Pontryagin-Thom construction (named after René Thom and Lev Pontryagin) of algebraic topology and differential topology is a topological space associated to a vector bundle, over any paracompact space.	Thom space	René Thom
named after	The Delaware River is named in honor of Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr (1577--1618), an English nobleman and the Virginia colony's first royal governor who defended the colony during the First Anglo-Powhatan War.	Delaware River	Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr
named after	Beagle Rupes is named after the HMS Beagle, a ship made famous by Charles Darwin.	Beagle Rupes	HMS Beagle
named after	The Queen Elizabeth Way was named for the wife of King George VI who would later become known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.	Queen Elizabeth Way	Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother
named after	The Karl Liebknecht School (German: Karl-Liebknecht-Schule), named after Karl Liebknecht, was a German-language elementary school in Moscow.	Karl Liebknecht School	Karl-Liebknecht
named after	Bank of Montreal Canadian Women's Open, Omnium canadien féminin Banque de Montréal 2003--2005:	Canadian Women's Open	Bank of Montreal
named after	In mathematics, the Poincaré inequality is a result in the theory of Sobolev spaces, named after the French mathematician Henri Poincaré.	Poincaré inequality	Henri Poincaré
named after	The Pinard horn was invented by Dr. Adolphe Pinard, a French obstetrician, during the 19th century.	Pinard horn	Adolphe Pinard
named after	The Shannon number, named after Claude Shannon, is an estimated lower bound on the game-tree complexity of chess of 10120, based on about 103 initial moves for White and Black and a typical game lasting about 40 pairs of moves.	Shannon number	Claude Shannon
named after	Marcq-en-Baroeul Airport is a civil airport, located 6.1 km north-northeast of Lille, French Flanders, France	Marcq-en-Baroeul Airport	Lille
named after	In mathematics, the Wiener process is a continuous-time stochastic process named in honor of Norbert Wiener.	Wiener process	Norbert Wiener
named after	Cox's theorem, named after the physicist Richard Threlkeld Cox, is a derivation of the laws of probability theory from a certain set of postulates.	Cox's theorem	Richard Threlkeld Cox
named after	The £10,000 prize was founded in the United Kingdom in 2000, and was named in memory of Sir Michael Harris Caine, former Chairman of Booker Group plc. Because of the Caine Prize's connection to the Booker Prize, the award is sometimes called the ``African Booker''.	Caine Prize	Michael Harris Caine
named after	The London Bach Society is a society devoted to performing the music of Johann Sebastian Bach (1685--1750) with small, professional forces, using period instruments in order to obtain an authentic style of interpretation.	London Bach Society	Johann Sebastian Bach
named after	Hilbert's seventh problem is one of David Hilbert's list of open mathematical problems posed in 1900.	Hilbert's seventh problem	David Hilbert
named after	The progenitor of the Ayyubid dynasty, Najm ad-Din Ayyub bin Shadhi, belonged to a Kurdish tribe whose ancestors settled in the town of Dvin, in northern Armenia.	Ayyubid dynasty	Najm ad-Din Ayyub
narrative location	House of Leaves begins with a first-person narrative by Johnny Truant, a Los Angeles tattoo parlor employee and professed unreliable narrator.	House of Leaves	Los Angeles
narrative location	Shotgun Stories is a 2007 drama film about a feud between two sets of half-brothers following the death of their father in rural Arkansas.	Shotgun Stories	Arkansas
narrative location	Over Sea, Under Stone features the Drew children, Simon, Jane and Barney, on holiday with their parents and their great-uncle Merriman Lyon in the fictional fishing village of Trewissick on the southern coast of Cornwall.	Over Sea, Under Stone	Cornwall
narrative location	The Forbidden Tree is a novel of manners by the American writer Elizabeth Moorhead (1865--1955) set in 1920s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Forbidden Tree	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Teachers Only is an American sitcom on NBC that centered on the faculty of a Los Angeles high school; in the first season the school was named Millard Fillmore High, but in the second it is Woodrow Wilson High with a changed cast.	Teachers Only	Los Angeles
narrative location	Wythnos yng Nghymru Fydd (A Week in the Wales of the Future, literally A week in the Wales that will be) is a science fiction novel in the Welsh language written by Islwyn Ffowc Elis and published by Plaid Cymru in 1957.	Wythnos yng Nghymru Fydd	Wales
narrative location	Three Days (of Hamlet) is an American documentary film from independent production company TMG, The Martindale Group, based in Los Angeles, California.	Three Days (of Hamlet)	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Brave Bulls (aka Toros Bravos and The Brave Bulls, A Novel) is a 1949 Western novel written by Tom Lea (his first) about the raising of bulls, on the ranch Las Astas, for bullfighting in Mexico.	The Brave Bulls	Mexico
narrative location	Top Hat is a 1935 American screwball musical comedy film in which Fred Astaire plays an American dancer named Jerry Travers, who comes to London to star in a show produced by Horace Hardwick (Edward Everett Horton).	Top Hat	London
narrative location	On November 2, 2008, Baron Cohen, dressed as Brüno, and his film crew were spotted at a Los Angeles rally that was in support of California's Proposition 8.	Brüno	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Yellow Birds is the debut novel from American writer, poet, and Iraq war veteran Kevin Powers.	The Yellow Birds	Iraq
narrative location	The Viral Factor is a 2012 Hong Kong-Chinese action film directed by Dante Lam and starring Jay Chou and Nicholas Tse.	The Viral Factor	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Persistent Image is a novel by the American writer Gladys Schmitt (1909--1972) set in a fictional version of 1950s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	The Persistent Image	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Flight from Ashiya is a 1964 film about the U.S. Air Force's Air Rescue Service, flying out of Ashiya Air Base, Japan.	Flight from Ashiya	Japan
narrative location	Porky's is a 1981 Canadian-American sex comedy film, written and directed by Bob Clark about the escapades of teenagers at the fictional Angel Beach High School in Florida in 1954.	Porky's	Florida
narrative location	Star Runner (Chinese: 少年阿虎), (also known in the United States as The Kumite), is a 2003 Hong Kong action/romance film co-written and directed by Daniel Lee.	Star Runner	Hong Kong
narrative location	La Fabuleuse aventure de Marco Polo or Marco the Magnificent is a 1965 International co-production (Afghanistan, Yugoslavia, Egypt, France, Italy) adventure film directed by Denys de La Patellière and Raoul Lévy.	Marco the Magnificent	Italy
narrative location	Pantyhose Hero, also known as Pantyhose Killer, is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film produced by and directed by Sammo Hung.	Pantyhose Hero	Hong Kong
narrative location	Filmed on location in Rome and Venice, The Lady Without Camelias was released on 25 February 1953 in Italy.	The Lady Without Camelias	Italy
narrative location	The Wilding is a 2012 Australian gay drama film written and directed by Grant Scicluna and funded through Springboard, an initiative of Screen Australia.	The Wilding	Australia
narrative location	The series dealt with the New South Wales Police Rescue Squad based in Sydney and their work attending to various incidents from road accidents to train crashes.	Police Rescue	Sydney
narrative location	There But For The is a 2011 novel by Scottish author Ali Smith, first published in the UK by Hamish Hamilton and in the US by Pantheon, and set in 2009 and 2010 in Greenwich, London.	There But For The	London
narrative location	A rethinking of the genre of the ``western'', The Last Crossing is a tale of interwoven lives and stories taking place in the last half of the 19th century, travelling from England to the United States and the Canadian west.	The Last Crossing	England
narrative location	The Wimbledon Trilogy consists of three books written by Nigel Williams set in Wimbledon, London and published by Faber & Faber:	The Wimbledon Trilogy	London
narrative location	Lung Fung Restaurant is a 1990 Hong Kong action romantic comedy film directed by Poon Man-kit and starring Max Mok, Stephen Chow, Ellen Chan and Charine Chan.	Lung Fung Restaurant	Hong Kong
occupation	Tony Giglio is an American film director (born June 3, 1971) from Medford, Massachusetts.	Tony Giglio	film director
occupation	Deena Metzger (born September 17, 1936) is an American writer, novelist, poet, playwright, essayist, and counselor.	Deena Metzger	writer	novelist
occupation	David Della Rocco (born May 4, 1952) is an American comedian and actor best known for his supporting role in the 1999 film The Boondock Saints.	David Della Rocco	actor
occupation	Ross F. Littell (July 14, 1924 - April 17, 2000) was an American textile and furniture designer known for his practical, innovative, and minimalist style as part of the Good Design movement of the 1950s.	Ross F. Littell	designer
occupation	Hana Hajjar (Arabic: هناء حجار‎) is an artist and political cartoonist for the Arab News.	Hana Hajjar	artist	cartoonist
occupation	Richard W. Rahn (born January 9, 1942 in Rochester, New York) is an American economist who frequently writes for The Washington Times.	Richard W. Rahn	economist
occupation	Laura Duncan, advocate and Sheriff of Glasgow and Strathkelvin.	Laura Duncan	advocate
occupation	Ross Hull (born August 25, 1975) is a Canadian actor and television personality.	Ross Hull	actor
occupation	Wes Gordon (born Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American fashion designer.	Wes Gordon	fashion designer
occupation	Vytautas Lesčinskas (born in 1922) was a Lithuanian basketball player.	Vytautas Lesčinskas	basketball player
occupation	Paul Bauer (December 29, 1896 -- January 9, 1990) was a German poet and mountaineer.	Paul Bauer	poet
occupation	Gufi Paintal is an Indian actor who appeared in some notable Bollywood movies in 1980s, as well as television serials and plays.	Gufi Paintal	actor
occupation	Dustin Ruth is a singer-songwriter who resides in Battle Ground, Washington.	Dustin Ruth	singer-songwriter
occupation	David Allan Coe (born September 6, 1939) is an American songwriter, outlaw country music singer, and guitarist who achieved popularity in the 1970s and 1980s.	David Allan Coe	singer
occupation	Rich Glas was named the head men's basketball coach at Concordia College, Moorhead on March 19, 2008.	Rich Glas	basketball coach
occupation	Bob McDermott (born August 5, 1963) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Hawaii House of Representatives since January 16, 2013 representing District 40.	Bob McDermott	politician
occupation	August Wilhelm Malm (July 23, 1821 in Gothenburg -- March 5, 1882) was a Swedish zoologist.	August Wilhelm Malm	zoologist
occupation	Radulph of Rivo (also Radulph of Tongres, Radulph van der Beken, Raoul de Tongres, Radulphus de Rivo) was a Dutch Roman Catholic historian and liturgist (van der Beken is probably his birthname, as rivus usually stands for the Dutch beek).	Radulph of Rivo	historian
occupation	Bryant Butler Brooks (February 5, 1861 -- December 8, 1944) was an American businessman, rancher and politician.	Bryant Butler Brooks	politician
occupation	Dan Ackerman (born March 13, 1974) is a former radio DJ turned technology and video game journalist.	Dan Ackerman	journalist
occupation	Albert M. Ottenheimer (September 6, 1904 -- January 25, 1980) was an American stage actor who was blacklisted in the 1950s.	Albert M. Ottenheimer	actor
occupation	Serguei Beloussov (born August 2, 1971) Ph.D. is a Russian-born Singaporean businessman, entrepreneur, investor and speaker.	Serguei Beloussov	entrepreneur
occupation	Sir Abdullah Haroon (1872--1942) (Urdu: عبداللہ ہارون‎) was a British Indian politician who contributed towards the role of Muslims in economic, educational, social and political fields in South Asia.	Abdullah Haroon	politician
occupation	Mia Young (born January 9, 1970), better known by her stage name Mia X, is an American rapper, singer-songwriter and actress.	Mia X	rapper	singer-songwriter
occupation	Maria Oakey Dewing (October 27, 1845 -- December 13, 1927) was an American painter known for her depiction of flowers.	Maria Oakey Dewing	painter
occupation	Shaun Evaristo is a Filipino-American professional dancer and choreographer and currently CEO of Movement Lifestyle, a management company for choreographers.	Shaun Evaristo	choreographer
occupation	Anders Vilhelm Lundstedt (September 11, 1882 -- August 20, 1955) was a Swedish jurist and legislator, particularly known as a proponent of Scandinavian Legal Realism, having been strongly influenced by his compatriot, the charismatic philosopher Axel Hägerström.	Anders Vilhelm Lundstedt	philosopher
occupation	Giennadij Jerszow (Gennadij Jerszow, Геннадій Олексійович Єршов) is a Polish-Ukrainian sculptor and feldsher.	Giennadij Jerszow	sculptor
occupation	Murray Perahia KBE (born April 19, 1947) is an American concert pianist and conductor.	Murray Perahia	pianist	conductor
occupation	Henry Augustus Purdie (December 16, 1840 -- March 29, 1911) was an American ornithologist and naturalist.	Henry Augustus Purdie	ornithologist
occupation	Larry Larson is an American playwright, actor, and director.	Larry Larson	actor
occupation	Balqees Ahmed Fathi (Arabic: بلقيس أحمد فتحي‎) (born October 20, 1988 UAE), is a Yemeni singer.	Balqees Ahmed Fathi	singer
occupation	Jelena Petrova (born June 6, 1989) is an Estonian former swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events.	Jelena Petrova	swimmer
occupation	Yevgeny Akulov, first name often spelled Yevgeni or Evgeni, (Russian: Евгений Акулов) was a Soviet conductor.	Yevgeny Akulov	conductor
occupation	Mike Carrell (April 10, 1944 -- May 29, 2013) was an American politician and educator.	Mike Carrell	politician
occupation	Gregory Keyes (born April 11, 1963) is an American writer of science fiction and fantasy who has written both original and media-related novels under both the names J. Gregory Keyes and Greg Keyes.	Gregory Keyes	writer
occupation	Lindy Vopnfjörð, previously credited as Lindy, is a Canadian singer-songwriter, who has performed both as a solo artist and as a member of several bands.	Lindy Vopnfjörð	singer-songwriter
occupation	Benjamin Castleman (born May 17, 1906, Everett, Massachusetts; died June 29, 1982, Boston, Massachusetts) was an American physician and pathologist best known for describing Castleman's disease (angiofollicular lymphoid hyperplasia), which is named after him.	Benjamin Castleman	physician
occupation	Herman Badillo (pronounced bah-DEE-yoh; August 21, 1929 -- December 3, 2014) was an American politician who served as borough president of The Bronx and United States Representative, and ran for Mayor of New York City.	Herman Badillo	politician
occupation	Édouard Ferlet is a pianist of the French jazz scene.	Édouard Ferlet	pianist
occupation	Edward Henry Davey (January 19, 1854 -- March 10, 1911) architect and politician born St. John's is best known, along with his brother George, as builders of the city of St. John's after the great fire of 1892.	Edward Henry Davey	politician
occupation	Rikke Emma Niebuhr (born in Aarhus, Denmark) is a singer who rose to popularity as the winner of Idols Denmark 2, the Danish version of Pop Idol.	Rikke Emma Niebuhr	singer
occupation	Paul Herlinger (May 1, 1929 -- February 2, 2010) was an American voice actor, best known for his role as John Avery ``Whit'' Whittaker on the radio drama, Adventures in Odyssey (1996--2008).	Paul Herlinger	voice actor
occupation	Tekla Iita (born January 27, 1985) better known as Tequila (often stylized as TeQuila) is a Namibian singer.	TeQuila	singer
occupation	Dika Newlin (November 22, 1923 -- July 22, 2006) was a pianist, professor, musicologist, composer and punk rock singer.	Dika Newlin	composer
occupation	Chantal Boulanger-Maloney (January 4, 1957 -- December 27, 2004) was an anthropologist who wrote widely on South India and Tamil culture, including on the myriad of ways to wrap a Sari, documenting over 100.	Chantal Boulanger	anthropologist
occupation	Ann Cottrell Free (June 4, 1916 -- October 30, 2004) was an American journalist who wrote extensively on animal protection issues.	Ann Cottrell Free	journalist
occupation	Bernhard Wagner (born in Caracas, living in Zürich) is a guitar player, composer, software engineer and software engineering lecturer.	Bernhard Wagner	composer
occupation	Travis Gillespie (born September 14, 1979 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a lacrosse player for the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League.	Travis Gillespie	lacrosse player
occupation	Doloonjingiin Idevkhten (Mongolian: Долоонжингийн Идэвхтэн) is a Mongolian diplomat and the current Ambassador of Mongolia to Russia, presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 16 December 2009.	Doloonjingiin Idevkhten	diplomat
occupation	William Lucking (born June 17, 1941) is an American film, television, and stage actor, possibly best known for his role as ``Piney Winston'' in Sons of Anarchy.	William Lucking	actor
occupation	Michael E. Arth is an American artist, home/landscape/urban designer, public policy analyst, advocate for the homeless, futurist, documentary filmmaker and author.	Michael E. Arth	artist
occupation	Nathan Daboll (May 5 1750 (O.S. April 24, 1750) -- March 9, 1818) was an American teacher who wrote the mathematics textbook most commonly used in American schools in the first half of the 19th century.	Nathan Daboll	teacher
occupation	Kazuhiko Aomoto is a Japanese mathematician who introduced the Aomoto-Gel'fand hypergeometric function and the Aomoto integral.	Kazuhiko Aomoto	mathematician
occupation	Olive Ann Alcorn (March 10, 1900 -- January 8, 1975) was an American dancer, model, and silent film actress of the 1910s and 1920s.	Olive Ann Alcorn	dancer	model
occupation	Carlo Martelli is an English composer of classical music.	Carlo Martelli	composer
occupation	Jenő Egerváry (or Eugene Egerváry) (April 16, 1891 -- November 30, 1958) was a Hungarian mathematician.	Jenő Egerváry	mathematician
occupation	Gus Meins (March 6, 1893 -- August 1, 1940 as Gustave Peter Ludwig Luley) was a German-American film director.	Gus Meins	film director
occupation	Marius de Zayas Enriquez y Calmet (March 13, 1880-January 10, 1961), was an early 20th-century Mexican artist, writer and art gallery owner who was influential in the New York arts circles of the 1910s and 1920s.	Marius de Zayas	writer
occupation	Chen Mingshu (simplified Chinese: 陈铭枢; traditional Chinese: 陳銘枢; October 15, 1889 -- May 15, 1965) was a Chinese general and politician.	Chen Mingshu	politician
occupation	Huda Akil is a neuroscientist whose pioneering research has contributed to the understanding of the neurobiology of emotions, including pain, anxiety, depression, and substance abuse.	Huda Akil	neuroscientist
occupation	Philippe Courbois (fl. 1710-1728) was a French Baroque composer.	Philippe Courbois	composer
occupation	Vytautas Kernagis (May 19, 1951 -- March 15, 2008) was a Lithuanian singer-songwriter, bard, actor, director, and television announcer.	Vytautas Kernagis	singer
occupation	Stanley Chow is an artist and illustrator from Manchester, England whose iconic work has found worldwide acclaim.	Stanley Chow	illustrator
occupation	Alonzo Church (June 14, 1903 -- August 11, 1995) was an American mathematician and logician who made major contributions to mathematical logic and the foundations of theoretical computer science.	Alonzo Church	mathematician
occupation	Christie Goodwin (born 27 July 1962) is an English art photographer who specialises in music photography.	Christie Goodwin	photographer
occupation	Marietta von Hausswolff von Baumgarten (née von Baumgarten, her mother is Journalist Marianne von Baumgarten-Lindberg) is a Swedish screenwriter from Stockholm.	Marietta von Hausswolff von Baumgarten	screenwriter
occupation	Jan Jelinek is a German electronic musician who also operates under the names of Farben, Gramm and The Exposures.	Jan Jelinek	musician
occupation	Jaye Robinson is a Canadian politician who was elected to Toronto City Council in the 2010 city council election, defeating Cliff Jenkins in Ward 25.	Jaye Robinson	politician
occupation	Ibn Al Ouardy, also known by name Alwardy or Al Wardy, was an Arab geographer, writer, and 14th-century poet.	Ibn Al Ouardy	geographer
occupation	Edward Schumacher-Matos is an American-Colombian journalist, lecturer and columnist.	Edward Schumacher-Matos	journalist
occupation	Hamid Rasaee (Persian: حمید رسایی‎‎) is an Iranian Shia cleric and principlist politician, who is a Member of Islamic Consultative Assembly.	Hamid Rasaee	politician
occupation	Adamantios Sampson (Greek: Αδαμάντιος Σάμψων) is a Greek archaeologist.	Adamantios Sampson	archaeologist
occupation	Marcel Léger (June 8, 1930 -- February 5, 1993) was a Canadian politician and a supporter of Quebec sovereignty, and founder of the polling firm Leger Marketing.	Marcel Léger	politician
occupation	Harry Elmore Hurd (April 23, 1889 -- August 21, 1958) was an American poet, and minister.	Harry Elmore Hurd	poet
occupation	Chris Tulloch is a British animator, musician, singer, songwriter, writer and director, who has worked on children's series such as TUGS, Salty's Lighthouse and Dream Street.	Chris Tulloch	animator
occupation	Maximilian Hell (Hungarian: Hell Miksa) (May 15, 1720 -- April 14, 1792) was a Hungarian astronomer and an ordained Jesuit priest from the Kingdom of Hungary.	Maximilian Hell	astronomer
occupation	Aldino Muianga (born May 1, 1950 in Lourenço Marques) is a Mozambican physician and writer.	Aldino Muianga	writer
occupation	Gu Li (Chinese: 古力; Pinyin: Gǔ Lì; born February 3, 1983) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Gu Li	Go player
occupation	Jutta Abromeit (born 17 September 1959) is a retired East German rower who won a world title in the coxed fours in 1985, together with Kerstin Spittler, Carola Lichey, Steffi Götzelt and Daniela Neunast.	Jutta Abromeit	rower
occupation	Bobby Wheelock (August 6, 1864 -- March 13, 1928) was an American baseball player who played from for the Boston Beaneaters in 1887 and the Columbus Solons from 1890 to 1891.	Bobby Wheelock	baseball player
occupation	Saul Isaac Kaempf (born at Lissa, Posen, May 6, 1818; died at Prague October 16, 1892) was an Austrian rabbi and Orientalist.	Saul Isaac Kaempf	rabbi
occupation	David H. Rosen (born February 25, 1945 in Port Chester, New York) is an American psychiatrist, Jungian analyst, and author, who was the first holder of the McMillan Professorship in Analytical Psychology, Professor of Psychiatry & Behavioral Science, and Professor of Humanities and Medicine at Texas A&M University.	David H. Rosen	psychiatrist
occupation	Catherine Mary Wisnicki (née Chard, 1919) is a Canadian architect, planner and educator.	Catherine Mary Wisnicki	architect
occupation	Krystian Zimerman (born December 5, 1956) is a Polish classical pianist who has been hailed as one of the finest living pianists.	Krystian Zimerman	pianist
occupation	Nino Pisano (fl. 1349 -- 1368) was an Italian sculptor, the son of Andrea Pisano.	Nino Pisano	sculptor
occupation	Pam Arciero (born May 8, 1954), is a puppeteer and voice-over artist who portrays Oscar the Grouch's girlfriend, Grundgetta, on the PBS children's television series Sesame Street.	Pam Arciero	puppeteer
occupation	Edmund C. Hinde (April 6, 1830 -- December 20, 1909) was a gold miner and laborer.	Edmund C. Hinde	miner
occupation	Donald McAlpine (born 1934), ACS and ASC is an Australian cinematographer.	Donald McAlpine	cinematographer
occupation	Brian Elwin Haner, Jr. (born July 7, 1981), better known by his stage name Synyster Gates or simply Syn, is an American musician, best known for being the lead guitarist and backing vocalist of the band Avenged Sevenfold.	Synyster Gates	musician	guitarist
occupation	Manolo Muñoz (April 20, 1941 --October 30, 2000) was a Mexican singer and actor, who was famous for an interpretation of the song ``Speedy Gonzales'' in the 1960s.	Manolo Muñoz	singer	actor
occupation	Chan Chin-wei (Chinese: 詹謹瑋, born January 8, 1985) is a professional Taiwanese tennis player playing in the ITF Women's Circuit.	Chan Chin-wei	tennis player
occupation	Nate Mohr (born March 3, 1983) is an American mixed martial artist, formerly fought in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Nate Mohr	mixed martial artist
occupation	Anovelo da Imbonate was an Italian painter and manuscript illuminator of the 14th and 15th century, active in a Gothic style in Milan.	Anovelo da Imbonate	painter	illuminator
occupation	Dr. Carlos Alzugaray Treto (born 1943 in Havana) is a Cuban diplomat and educator.	Carlos Alzugaray Treto	diplomat
occupation	Rino Thunder was an American actor best known for such films and television series as Geronimo:	Rino Thunder	actor
occupation	Jay Dee Daugherty (born March 22, 1952) is an American drummer and songwriter most known for his work with Patti Smith.	Jay Dee Daugherty	songwriter
occupation	Travis Bracht is a Seattle-based singer and guitarist best known for his work with the post-grunge band Second Coming.	Travis Bracht	singer
occupation	Lewis H. Moore (born December 22, 1958) is an American politician in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Lewis H. Moore	politician
occupation	Henry Waldo Coe (November 4, 1857 -- February 15, 1927) was a United States frontier physician and politician.	Henry Waldo Coe	politician
occupation	Justin Chart (born February 6, 1960) is a Los Angeles based singer-songwriter and producer.	Justin Chart	singer
occupation	Ylljet Aliçka (born 1951) is an Albanian writer and scriptwriter.	Ylljet Aliçka	writer
occupation	Kristina Stykos is a music producer, recording engineer, songwriter and performer based in Vermont.	Kristina Stykos	engineer	songwriter
occupation	Rosemarie Springer (also Rosemarie Alsen, née Lorenz, born July 5, 1920) is a German equestrian.	Rosemarie Springer	equestrian
occupation	David Bedein (born August 31, 1950) is an MSW, a community organizer by profession, a writer, and an investigative journalist.	David Bedein	journalist
occupation	Benny Bartlett (August 16, 1924 -- December 26, 1999) was an American child actor, musician, and later a member of the longest running feature-film series The Bowery Boys.	Benny Bartlett	actor
occupation	Matti Herrera Bower is a Cuban-born American politician and retired dental assistant.	Matti Herrera Bower	politician
occupation	Ken Burton (born 1970) is a British choral and orchestral conductor, composer, performer, presenter, arranger and judge.	Ken Burton	composer
occupation	Joseph Dave Petitjean, Jr. (January 11, 1928 -- June 18, 2013) was an American actor and humorist of Cajun stories.	Dave Petitjean	actor
occupation	Joshua Marie Wilkinson is an American poet, editor, publisher, and filmmaker.	Joshua Marie Wilkinson	poet
occupation	Delbert Daisey (born March 6, 1924 in Virginia), known as Cigar Daisey, is an American waterfowl wood carver.	Delbert Daisey	wood carver
occupation	Ellenor Fenn (1743--1813) (née Frere) was a prolific 18th-century writer of children's books.	Ellenor Fenn	writer
occupation	Janusz Kruk (August 7, 1946 -- May 18, 1992) was a Polish singer, guitarist and composer, the leader of the popular band 2 Plus 1.	Janusz Kruk	singer	composer
occupation	Keith Scribner is an American novelist, short-story writer, screenwriter, essayist, and educator.	Keith Scribner	novelist
occupation	Henry Oliver Walker (May 14, 1843 -- January 14, 1929) was an American painter of figures and portraits best known for his mural decorations.	Henry Oliver Walker	painter
occupation	Arlotto Mainardi (1396--1484), known variously as Pievano Arlotto or Piovano Arlotto, was a priest known for jests and ``pleasantries.''	Piovano Arlotto	priest
occupation	Roan Carneiro (born June 2, 1978) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Roan Carneiro	mixed martial artist
occupation	Ritchie Yorke is an Australian-born author, broadcaster, historian and music journalist.	Ritchie Yorke	journalist
occupation	Joshua Reed Giddings (October 6, 1795 -- May 27, 1864) was an American attorney, politician and a prominent opponent of slavery.	Joshua Reed Giddings	politician
occupation	Nadimpalli Seetharamaraju is a Telugu language journalist.	Nadimpalli Seetharamaraju	journalist
occupation	Robert Wastell (fl. 1406-1410) of Totnes, Devon, was an English politician.	Robert Wastell	politician
occupation	Kai Curry-Lindahl, Ph.D. (May 10, 1917 -- December 5, 1990), was a Swedish zoologist and author.	Kai Curry-Lindahl	zoologist
occupation	Adrien Carpentiers, also known as Carpentière or Charpentière (fl. 1739, d.1778) was a portrait painter, possibly from the Low Countries, active in England from about 1739.	Adrien Carpentiers	painter
occupation	Gero Camilo (born Paulo Rogério da Silva on December 18, 1970) is a Brazilian actor, dramatist, singer-songwriter and poet.	Gero Camilo	actor
occupation	Camille Tan Hojilla, better known as Miles Ocampo (born May 1, 1997) is a child Filipino actress, commercial model print-ads model, and singer.	Miles Ocampo	model	singer
occupation	Giuseppe Addobbati (December 31, 1909 -- January 4, 1986) was an Italian film actor known for his roles in Spaghetti Western and action films in the 1960s and 1970s.	Giuseppe Addobbati	actor
occupation	Renoly Santiago (born March 15, 1974) is a Puerto Rican actor, singer and writer known for his appearances in films such as Dangerous Minds, Hackers and Con Air, and in television series such as Touched by an Angel and Law & Order:	Renoly Santiago	actor	singer
occupation	Dr. Rovenia M. Brock, also known as Dr. Ro, is an American nutritionist, lecturer, health reporter, entrepreneur, and author.	Rovenia M. Brock	nutritionist
occupation	Diane Swanson (born 5 April 1944) is a Canadian writer of science books for children.	Diane Swanson	writer
occupation	Wang Qiucen (Chinese: 王秋岑; pinyin: Wáng Qiūcén, 1913--1993), born in Jiangsu Province, was a Chinese painter who specialized in traditional Chinese portrait and landscape paintings.	Wang Qiucen	painter
occupation	Edward Chancellor is a financial historian, journalist and investment strategist.	Edward Chancellor	journalist
occupation	Anshuman Mohanty (born November 7, 1982), is a politician , engineer, entrepreneur and former information technician.	Anshuman Mohanty	politician
occupation	Corina Căprioriu (Romanian pronunciation: (koˈrina kəpriˈorju); born 18 July 1986) is a Romanian judoka.	Corina Căprioriu	judoka
occupation	Richard Orr is a Northern Irish stage actor who has worked in films, television and for radio.	Richard Orr	actor
occupation	Anna Castelli Ferrieri was an Italian architect and industrial designer.	Anna Castelli Ferrieri	architect	designer
occupation	Ed O'Ross (born July 4, 1946) is an American actor known for his work as Itchy in Dick Tracy, Colonel Perry in Universal Soldier, ruthless Georgian mobster Viktor Rostavili in Red Heat, and police detective Cliff Willis in The Hidden.	Ed O'Ross	actor
occupation	Rhodanthe Lipsett OAM is an Australian midwife and author.	Rhodanthe Lipsett	midwife
occupation	Lajos Takács (August 21, 1924 (Maglód) - December 4, 2015 ) was a Hungarian mathematician, known for his contributions to probability theory and in particular, queueing theory.	Lajos Takács	mathematician
occupation	Teea Goans (pronounced TEE-uh GO-uhnz) is an American country music singer.	Teea Goans	singer
occupation	Liu Wanting (Chinese: 刘婉婷, born February 16, 1989) is a Chinese professional tennis player.	Liu Wanting	tennis player
occupation	Ahmad Hassan is a Syrian diplomat and politician who served as information minister from 2003 to 2004.	Ahmad Hassan	diplomat
occupation	Constantin Climescu (November 30, 1844--August 6, 1926) was a Moldavian-born Romanian mathematician and politician.	Constantin Climescu	mathematician
occupation	Theodore Dakpogan is a Beninois Vodou artist.	Theodore Dakpogan	artist
occupation	Aodhagan O'Neill (born October 28, 1959) is an Irish darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Aodhagan O'Neill	darts player
occupation	Paul Newsome is a gold selling musician originally from Royton, Oldham, England and living in Los Angeles.	Paul Newsome	musician
occupation	Eileen MacDonagh was born in Geevagh, County Sligo in 1956 and has worked as a sculptor since the 1980s.	Eileen MacDonagh	sculptor
occupation	Charles Haynes Haswell (May 22, 1809 -- May 12, 1907) was a naval engineer, New York City politician and historian.	Charles Haynes Haswell	engineer
occupation	Atanasio Echeverría y Godoy was an 18th-century Mexican botanical artist and naturalist.	Atanasio Echeverría y Godoy	artist	naturalist
occupation	Gary Bryan is a radio disc jockey, currently on the air in Los Angeles, California at KRTH 101.1 FM.	Gary Bryan	disc jockey
occupation	Ronald L. Iman is an American statistician, currently president of Southwest Technology Consultants in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Ronald L. Iman	statistician
occupation	Bolívar Pagán Lucca (May 16, 1897 -- February 9, 1961) was a Puerto Rican historian, journalist, and politician.	Bolívar Pagán	politician
occupation	Miko Marks is an American country singer.	Miko Marks	singer
occupation	John Andrew Boyle (1916−1978), was a British orientalist and historian.	John Andrew Boyle	historian
occupation	Tobe Sexton (born September 6, 1968) is an American actor and producer.	Tobe Sexton	actor
occupation	Semajay Thomas (born April 12, 1993 Chicago, Illinois) is an American professional boxer.	Semajay Thomas	boxer
occupation	Andile Jho is a South African rugby union player, who most recently played with the Eastern Province Kings.	Andile Jho	rugby union player
occupation	Regula Tschumi is a Swiss social anthropologist and art historian.	Regula Tschumi	anthropologist	art historian
occupation	Zaki Rostom (Arabic: زكي رستم‎) (1903--1972) Zaki Moharram Mahmoud Rostom Egyptian actor belongs to a school of integration, and is one of the most important actors of the Egyptian cinema.	Zaki Rostom	actor
occupation	Michał Grynberg (1909-2000) was a Polish historian of Jewish origin.	Michał Grynberg	historian
occupation	Elizabeth Youatt or Mrs. W.H. Coates (1816 -- 1879) was a British novelist.	Elizabeth Youatt	novelist
occupation	Joseph M. Barr (May 28, 1906 -- August 26, 1982) was an American politician who held a variety of positions, including an eleven-year tenure as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1959 to 1970.	Joseph M. Barr	politician
occupation	André de Cortanze is a French motorsport engineer.	André de Cortanze	engineer
occupation	Tiffany Jenkins is a sociologist, cultural commentator and writer, and is Culture Editor for the journal Sociology Compass.	Tiffany Jenkins	sociologist
occupation	Maurice Manson (January 31, 1913 -- September 21, 2002) was a Canadian character actor who appeared in several film and Broadway productions as well as numerous television appearances in a career spanning over thirty years.	Maurice Manson	actor
occupation	Tolibjon Sadikov (March 14, 1907 -- 1957) was among the founders of professional music in Uzbekistan, as well as the composer of musical dramas, quartets, operas, and romances.	Tolibjon Sadikov	composer
occupation	Raymon Lee Cramton (June 11, 1937 -- July 24, 2012), known professionally as Chad Everett, was an American actor who appeared in more than 40 films and television series.	Chad Everett	actor
occupation	Charbonnet has written about 75 books under her own name, her pseudonym Cate Tiernan, and miscellaneous other pen names as a ghost writer.	Cate Tiernan	writer
occupation	Pat Lewis is an American soul singer and backing vocalist since the 1960s.	Pat Lewis	singer
occupation	Samuel Dushkin (December 13, 1891 -- June 24, 1976) was an American violinist, composer and pedagogue of Polish birth and Jewish origin.	Samuel Dushkin	violinist
occupation	Harry Bluestone (September 30, 1907 -- December 22, 1992) was a British violinist who composed music for TV and Movie.	Harry Bluestone	violinist
occupation	Mary Helen Wright Greuter (December 20, 1914 -- October 23, 1997) was an American astronomer and historian, who wrote and edited on the history and methodology of sciences, including anthropology, archeology, mathematics, and physics.	Mary Helen Wright Greuter	astronomer	historian
occupation	Jan Schweiterman is an American former film and television actor who has appeared in several movies, including Good Burger and Warlock III.	Jan Schweiterman	actor
occupation	István Bujtor (May 5, 1942 -- September 25, 2009), born István Frenreisz, was a Hungarian actor, director, producer and screenplay writer.	István Bujtor	actor
occupation	Brent Maddock is an American screenwriter, producer and film director who has worked on several high profile projects like Short Circuit, Tremors, Wild Wild West and *batteries not included.	Brent Maddock	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Dr. Wesley Muhammad is an American author, historian, professor, scholar, and a minister in the Nation of Islam.	Wesley Muhammad	historian
occupation	Ronald Halpin is a Canadian public servant and diplomat.	Ronald Halpin	diplomat
occupation	Joel Derfner (born January 12, 1973) is an American writer and composer.	Joel Derfner	composer
occupation	Seneca M. Dorr (August 14, 1820 -- December 3, 1884) was a Vermont lawyer, judge and politician who served as President of the Vermont Senate.	Seneca M. Dorr	lawyer	politician
occupation	Dick Braggins (December 25, 1879 -- August 16, 1963) was an American baseball player that pitched in only four games over the course of about six weeks for the 1901 Cleveland Blues.	Dick Braggins	baseball player
occupation	Richard Bekins (born July 17, 1954) is an American actor best known for his role as Jamie Frame on the soap opera Another World (1979--1983).	Richard Bekins	actor
occupation	Jiří Džmura (born April 8, 1963) is a Czechoslovakian-Czech bobsledder who competed from the early 1990s to 2005.	Jiří Džmura	bobsledder
occupation	Dr. Charles E. Schaefer is an American psychologist considered by many to be the ``Father of Play Therapy'' who has appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show, The Today Show and Good Morning America.	Charles E. Schaefer	psychologist
occupation	Christie Blatchford (born May 20, 1951) is a Canadian newspaper columnist, journalist and broadcaster.	Christie Blatchford	columnist	journalist
occupation	Joyce Kilmer (born as Alfred Joyce Kilmer; December 6, 1886 -- July 30, 1918) was an American writer and poet mainly remembered for a short poem titled ``Trees'' (1913), which was published in the collection Trees and Other Poems in 1914.	Joyce Kilmer	poet
occupation	Dragon Lee (born August 12, 1958) is an actor and practitioner of Taekwondo and Hapkido.	Dragon Lee	actor
occupation	Eddie Tagoe is a Ghanaian actor best known in the U.K. for playing ``Presuming Ed'' in the 1986 film production of Withnail and I, a role which he resumed in 2000 in a stage production of the same work.	Eddie Tagoe	actor
occupation	Peter Bacon Hales (November 13, 1950 -- August 26, 2014) was an American historian, photographer, author and musician specializing in American spaces and landscapes, the history of photography and contemporary art.	Peter Bacon Hales	historian	musician
occupation	Liselotte Grschebina (Grjebina) was an Israeli photographer.	Liselotte Grschebina	photographer
occupation	Justin Welborn is an actor and singer best known for his roles in the films The Signal, Dance of the Dead, and The Final Destination.	Justin Welborn	actor	singer
occupation	Lucien Stryk (April 7, 1924 - January 24, 2013) was an American poet, translator of Buddhist literature and Zen poetry, and former English professor at Northern Illinois University (NIU).	Lucien Stryk	translator
occupation	Guido Fiorini (1897--1966) was an Italian engineer, architect and art director.	Guido Fiorini	architect
occupation	Kyrillos Makarios was born in Scenaineh in 1867 and was ordained a priest in 1891.	Kyrillos Makarios	priest
occupation	Roger Fairchild was a Republican politician from Idaho active in the 1980s and early 1990s.	Roger Fairchild	politician
occupation	Hans-Paul Schwefel (born December 4, 1940 in Berlin) is a German computer scientist and professor emeritus at University of Dortmund (now Dortmund University of Technology), where he held the chair of systems analysis from 1985 until 2006.	Hans-Paul Schwefel	computer scientist
occupation	S. F. Brownrigg (September 30, 1937 -- September 20, 1996), born Sherald Brownrigg, was an American film director and producer.	S. F. Brownrigg	film director
occupation	Junaid Akbar (Pashto:جنید اکبر) is a Pakistani politician and social worker.	Junaid Akbar	politician
occupation	Jeong Bo-seok (Hangul: 정보석; born May 2, 1961) is a South Korean actor.	Jeong Bo-seok	actor
occupation	Mark J. Blechner (born November 6, 1950, in Manhattan, New York) is an American psychologist and psychoanalyst.	Mark J. Blechner	psychologist
occupation	William Francis Deegan (December 28, 1882 -- April 3, 1932) was an architect, organizer of the American Legion, major in the Army Corps of Engineers, and Democratic political leader in New York City.	William Francis Deegan	architect
occupation	Anahí Giovanna Puente Portilla de Velasco known mononymously as Anahí (Spanish pronunciation: (anaˈi)), (born May 14, 1983), is a Mexican singer-songwriter and actress.	Anahí	singer
occupation	Asclepigenia (Greek: Ἀσκληπιγένεια; fl. 430 AD) was an Athenian philosopher and mystic whose life is known from an account in Marinus' Life of Proclus.	Asclepigenia	philosopher
occupation	Emil Isac (Romanian pronunciation: (eˈmil iˈsak); May 27, 1886 -- March 25, 1954) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian poet, dramatist, short story writer and critic.	Emil Isac	poet
occupation	Michael de Koningh is a contemporary British music journalist specialising in Jamaican music, reggae afrobeat and afrofunk.	Michael de Koningh	journalist
occupation	Celso Aguirre Bernal was a Mexican writer and historian.	Celso Aguirre Bernal	historian
occupation	Wilhelm Heinrich Walter Baade (March 24, 1893 -- June 25, 1960) was a German astronomer who worked in the USA from 1931 to 1959.	Walter Baade	astronomer
occupation	Margaret Florey is an Australian linguist whose work focuses on the revitalization and maintenance of Indigenous Australian languages.	Margaret Florey	linguist
occupation	Chris DePiero (born August 18, 1968) is the former head coach and general manager of the Oshawa Generals of the Ontario Hockey League.	Chris DePiero	head coach
occupation	Jamiul Alam is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes known by his nickname Bablu.	Jamiul Alam	cricketer
occupation	Marcus Barone is a motion picture music executive, supervisor, composer, publisher and studio musician.	Marcus Barone	composer
occupation	Ed Caraeff is a photographer, illustrator and graphic designer, who has worked largely in the music industry.	Ed Caraeff	photographer
occupation	Chloe Hayward is an English fashion model and actress from Surrey, England.	Chloe Hayward	model
occupation	Yoram Hazony is an Israeli philosopher and political theorist.	Yoram Hazony	philosopher
occupation	Carl Valentin Wunderle (April 13, 1866 - February 16, 1944) was a German-American musician and composer.	Carl Valentin Wunderle	composer
occupation	Carson Kreitzer is an American playwright currently based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Carson Kreitzer	playwright
occupation	Nikola Todev (Bulgarian: Никола Тодев, pronounced (niˈkola ˈtodef)) was a Bulgarian theater and film actor born in 1928, deceased in 1991.	Nikola Todev	actor
occupation	Professor Ramaswami Venkataswami is a plastic surgeon, founder of the Institute for the Research and Rehabilitation of Hand and the Department of Plastic Surgery (IRRH and DPS) of Stanley Medical College and Hospitals (SMC), Chennai, India.	Ramaswami Venkataswami	plastic surgeon
occupation	William Douglas Figg, Sr. (born Owensboro, Kentucky August 22, 1963) is an American scientist (pharmacologist) at the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland.	William Douglas Figg, Sr.	pharmacologist
occupation	Josep Maria Mauri i Prior (born 1941) is a Catalan Catholic priest and the current personal representative of the episcopal Co-Prince of Andorra, Archbishop Joan Enric Vives Sicília.	Josep Maria Mauri	Catholic priest
occupation	Patrick Callaerts is a Belgian molecular biologist and researcher at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven, Belgium).	Patrick Callaerts	molecular biologist
occupation	A.E.K. Ashiabor was an economist and a Governor of the Bank of Ghana.	A.E.K. Ashiabor	economist
occupation	Suzana Ardeleanu (née Suzana Tași; born 8 March 1946) is a Romanian fencer.	Suzana Ardeleanu	fencer
occupation	Chris Van Allsburg (born June 18, 1949) is an American illustrator and writer of children's books.	Chris Van Allsburg	writer
occupation	John Belasise (fl. 1393-1411), of Lincoln, was an English politician.	John Belasise	politician
occupation	Barbara Kanam (born September 27, 1973) is an award-winning Congolese singer-songwriter, music producer and actress.	Barbara Kanam	singer
occupation	Jimmy Jean-Louis (born August 8, 1968) is a Haitian actor and model best known for his role as ``the Haitian'' on the NBC television series Heroes.	Jimmy Jean-Louis	actor	model
occupation	Karl Lentzner (1842--1905) was a German-born linguist who published works pertaining to Australian English vocabulary in the late 19th century.	Karl Lentzner	linguist
occupation	Albert Breer (born January 26, 1980) is a current American football journalist and reporter for the National Football League.	Albert Breer	journalist
occupation	Philip Ball (born 1962) is a British science writer.	Philip Ball	writer
occupation	Noemi Cantele (born July 17, 1981) is a professional road bicycle racer.	Noemi Cantele	bicycle racer
occupation	Alexia Massalin (born Henry Massalin) is an American computer scientist and programmer.	Alexia Massalin	computer scientist
occupation	Jani Lax (born October 26, 1977) is a Swedish professional mixed martial artist and occasional kickboxer, who competes in the Lightweight division.	Jani Lax	mixed martial artist
occupation	Beth Bauer (born March 15, 1980) is an American former professional golfer.	Beth Bauer	golfer
occupation	Emanuel Murant (December 22, 1622 -- ca.1700) is a rather unknown Dutch Golden Age painter of landscapes and houses.	Emanuel Murant	painter
occupation	Mariano Recalde is an Argentine politician, member of La Cámpora.	Mariano Recalde	politician
occupation	Olivier Schultheis (born April 29, 1965) is a musician, a lyricist, a composer and a conductor.	Olivier Schultheis	composer	conductor
occupation	Leonard Cutler Sanford (September 19, 1868 -- December 7, 1950) was an American surgeon and amateur ornithologist who served as a trustee of the American Museum of Natural History for nearly thirty years and who was instrumental in building up its bird collections.	Leonard Cutler Sanford	ornithologist
occupation	Henry Lomb (November 24, 1828 -- June 13, 1908) was an American optician who co-founded Bausch & Lomb (with John Jacob Bausch) and led a group of businessmen to found The Mechanics Institute.	Henry Lomb	optician
occupation	Sean Tillmann is known in the United States' independent music community as a singer-songwriter (other projects include Calvin Krime and Sean Na Na), but is best known in the UK indie rock/dance scene as R&B alter ego Har Mar Superstar.	Har Mar Superstar	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jon Shain (born Jonathan Bruce Shain, November 18, 1967 in Haverhill, Massachusetts, United States) is an American folk musician, guitarist, singer-songwriter and recording artist based in Durham, North Carolina.	Jon Shain	guitarist	singer-songwriter
occupation	Gustavo Ojeda (September 8, 1958 -- August 23, 1989) was a 20th-century Cuban-American painter.	Gustavo Ojeda	painter
occupation	Nathan Tysen (born January 15, 1977) is an American songwriter and lyricist for the musical theatre.	Nathan Tysen	songwriter
occupation	Kovi is the professional name used by a Hungarian pornographic film director.	Kovi	film director
occupation	Mervyn De Silva was a Sri Lankan journalist.	Mervyn De Silva	journalist
occupation	Leo Sowerby (May 1, 1895 -- July 7, 1968), American composer and church musician, was the winner of the Pulitzer Prize for music in 1946, and was often called the ``Dean of American church music'' in the early to mid 20th century.	Leo Sowerby	composer
occupation	Marc Cartwright (born January 15, 1975), is an American celebrity portrait photographer who runs a photography studio based in Los Angeles, California.	Marc Cartwright	photographer
occupation	Susan Sills is an American artist who has been involved in the international art scene since the early 1990s.	Susan Sills	artist
occupation	Mathira (born as Mathira Mohammad) is a Pakistani model, singer and actress.	Mathira	singer
occupation	Denis Lalor is a former hurling and Gaelic football player from County Laois in Ireland.	Denis Lalor	Gaelic football player
occupation	Siemion Fajtlowicz is a Polish mathematician, currently a professor at the University of Houston.	Siemion Fajtlowicz	mathematician
occupation	Josh Guzdek (born 23 April 1995) is a professional rugby league player for Hull KR. A former Skirlaugh Bulls player, he has been with Hull KR since the age of 13 and progressed through the academy system.	Josh Guzdek	rugby league player
occupation	Danny Leiner is a film director whose credits include The Great New Wonderful, Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle, Dude, Where's My Car?, Layin' Low, and Time Expired.	Danny Leiner	film director
occupation	Buschi Niebergall (July 18, 1938 -- January 9, 1990) was a German free jazz musician.	Buschi Niebergall	jazz musician
occupation	Harry Brighouse is a British political philosopher at the University of Wisconsin--	Harry Brighouse	philosopher
occupation	Malaquías Montoya is an American born Chicano poster artist and a major figure in the Chicano Art Movement of the 1960s and 1970s.	Malaquías Montoya	artist
occupation	Courtlandt Nicoll (December 2, 1880 in New York City -- September 20, 1938 in Water Mill, Suffolk County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Courtlandt Nicoll	politician
occupation	Florentius of Carracedo was Benedictine abbot at Carracedo, Spain, who was held with great regard by King Aiphonsus VII of Leon and Castile, Spain.	Florentius of Carracedo	abbot
occupation	Willem Muurling (April 27, 1805, Bolsward - December 9, 1882, The Hague) was a Dutch theologian who was a native of Bolsward.	Willem Muurling	theologian
occupation	Richard Farson Ph.D., (born November 16, 1926) is a psychologist, author, and educator.	Richard Farson	psychologist
occupation	Clement Hue (died 23 June 1861 aged 82) was a British physician.	Clement Hue	physician
occupation	Fr. Juan Ignacio Molina (June 24, 1740 -- September 12, 1829) was a Chilean Jesuit priest, naturalist, historian, botanist, ornithologist and geographer.	Juan Ignacio Molina	naturalist	historian	botanist	ornithologist	geographer
occupation	Bud Cort (born Walter Edward Cox; March 29, 1948) is an American film and stage actor, comedian, writer, director and voice artist widely known for his portrayals of Harold in Hal Ashby's 1971 film Harold and Maude and the eponymous hero in Robert Altman's 1970 film Brewster McCloud.	Bud Cort	actor
occupation	Scott Rudin (born July 14, 1958) is an American film producer and a theatrical producer.	Scott Rudin	film producer
occupation	Arnold Børud (born 28 October 1947) is a Norwegian singer, musician and record producer.	Arnold Børud	singer
occupation	Pascual Romero is a film producer and musician from Los Angeles, California.	Pascual Romero	film producer
occupation	Perry Miller Adato is an award-winning American documentary film producer and director and writer.	Perry Miller Adato	film producer
occupation	Ophelia Benson is an American author, editor, blogger, and feminist.	Ophelia Benson	blogger
occupation	Bob Martens (born 1961 in Eindhoven) is an architect and associate professor specialised on simulation and interior design.	Bob Martens	architect
occupation	William Bellers (fl. 1749--1773) was an English landscape painter.	William Bellers	painter
occupation	Aristodama of Smyrna (c. 218 BC) was a poet of ancient Ionia.	Aristodama	poet
occupation	Lorne Lanning is an American game designer, director, writer and voice actor.	Lorne Lanning	writer	voice actor
occupation	Ian Richard Hodgkinson (born May 31, 1967), better known by his ring name Vampiro, is a Canadian professional wrestler currently working for Lucha Underground as a color commentator.	Vampiro	professional wrestler
occupation	Tommy Kilby (born January 27, 1964) is a Tennessee politician and a former member of the Tennessee Senate for the 12th district, which encompasses Campbell, Fentress, Morgan, Rhea, Roane, and Scott counties.	Tommy Kilby	politician
occupation	James Balog (pronounced BAY-log; born July 15, 1952) is an American photographer whose work explores the relationship between humans and nature.	James Balog	photographer
occupation	Jan van Heelu (lived 13th century) was a Flemish writer.	Jan van Heelu	writer
occupation	Ljubomir Nedić (1858--1902) was a popular Serbian writer, philosopher, and literary critic.	Ljubomir Nedić	philosopher
occupation	Yilin Zhong (simplified Chinese: 钟宜霖; traditional Chinese: 鍾宜霖) is a British Chinese writer born in China, an award-winning Journalist, film writer and No.3 Amazon(China) bestselling author, known as one of leading contemporary women writers of Chinese Post 70s Generation.	Yilin Zhong	writer
occupation	Paul Downes is an English folk guitarist, singer and composer.	Paul Downes	composer
occupation	Carl Wilhelm Heine (later von Heine) (April 26, 1838 in Cannstatt - September 9, 1877 in Cannstatt) was a famous German physician, surgeon and President of the German medical fraternity of Prague.	Carl Wilhelm Heine	physician
occupation	John C. Tully is a theoretical chemist, Sterling Professor of Chemistry at Yale University.	John C. Tully	chemist
occupation	Dmytro Kosynskyy (Ukrainian: Дмитро Косинський, born March 31, 1989) is a Ukrainian javelin thrower.	Dmytro Kosynskyy	javelin thrower
occupation	Carlo Bacchiocco was an Italian painter, born in Milan.	Carlo Bacchiocco	painter
occupation	Zhou Xiaochuan (Chinese: 周小川; pinyin: Zhōu Xiǎochuān) (born January 29, 1948) is a Chinese economist, banker, reformist and bureaucrat.	Zhou Xiaochuan	economist
occupation	Hussein Abdi Halane (Somali: Xuseen Cabdi Xalane, Arabic: حسين عبدي هالاني‎) is a Somali economist and politician.	Hussein Abdi Halane	politician
occupation	Martina Batini (born 17 April 1989) is an Italian foil fencer, who won the individual silver medal and team gold medal in the 2014 European Fencing Championships.	Martina Batini	fencer
occupation	Vallabh Bhatt was a medieval Gujarati poet.	Vallabh Bhatt	poet
occupation	Galgamuwa Vidanalage Susantha Punchinilame is a Sri Lankan politician, originally from Ratnapura and the son of late G.V Punchinilame.	Susantha Punchinilame	politician
occupation	Colonel William Rickart Hepburn (died 1807) was a Scottish noble and politician who lived in Kincardineshire, Scotland.	William Rickart Hepburn	politician
occupation	Deni Ellis Béchard (born British Columbia) is a Canadian-American novelist.	Deni Ellis Béchard	novelist
occupation	Lam took over as director for Po-Chih Leong after he had finished about one-third of the film Esprit d'amour as The film's producer Karl Maka needed a cheap replacement and hired Ringo Lam.	Ringo Lam	film's producer
occupation	Linda Florkevich (married name: Gilmour) (born February 3, 1970 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian figure skater who competed in ladies singles.	Linda Florkevich	figure skater
occupation	Herbie Faye (February 2, 1899--June 28, 1980) was an American actor who appeared in both of Phil Silvers' CBS television series, The Phil Silvers Show (1955--1959) and The New Phil Silvers Show (1963--1964).	Herbie Faye	actor
occupation	Herbert Halpert (August 23, 1911 -- December 29, 2000) was an American anthropologist and folklorist, specialised in the collection and study of both folk song and narrative.	Herbert Halpert	anthropologist
occupation	Dr Malik Dohan al-Hassan(Arabic: مالك دوهان الحسن‎) (born 1919), is an Iraqi politician who was the Minister of Justice in the Iraqi Interim Government from June 2004 to May 2005.	Malik Dohan al-Hassan	politician
occupation	Irina Volodymyrivna ``Russya'' Poryvai (Ukrainian: Руся; born June 9, 1968) is a Ukrainian singer, and musician.	Russya	singer
occupation	Henry Smith Craven (14 October 1845, Bound Brook, New Jersey - 7 December 1889, Brooklyn, New York) was a United States inventor, civil and military engineer.	Henry Smith Craven	engineer
occupation	Sefis Anastasakos (died January 25, 2010) was a Greek politician, author, lawyer and activist.	Sefis Anastasakos	politician
occupation	Moray Hunter (born 9 July 1958, Motherwell, Scotland) is a Scottish comedian, writer and performer.	Moray Hunter	comedian
occupation	Mustafa Khalil (Arabic: مصطفى خليل‎, IPA: (mosˈtˤɑfɑ xæˈliːl)) (November 18, 1920 -- June 7, 2008) was an Egyptian politician.	Mustafa Khalil	politician
occupation	Crates of Mallus (Greek: Κράτης ὁ Μαλλώτης, Krátēs o Mallṓtēs; fl. 2nd century BC) was a Greek language grammarian and Stoic philosopher, leader of the literary school and head of the library of Pergamum.	Crates of Mallus	philosopher
occupation	Sarah Phelps is a British television, radio, film and freelance playwright who was working for the Royal Shakespeare Company when she took part in a BBC initiative to find new writers.	Sarah Phelps	playwright
occupation	Pasta Dioguardi is an Argentine film and TV actor.	Pasta Dioguardi	actor
occupation	Natasha Trethewey (born April 26, 1966) is an American poet who was appointed United States Poet Laureate in June 2012; she began her official duties in September.	Natasha Trethewey	poet
occupation	Larry Siegel is a writer who has worked in television, stage, magazines, records, and books.	Larry Siegel	writer
occupation	Bobby Valentín a.k.a. ``El Rey del Bajo'' (King of the Bass), (born June 9, 1941), is a musician and salsa bandleader.	Bobby Valentín	musician
occupation	Christian Siriano (born November 18, 1985) is an American fashion designer and member of the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA).	Christian Siriano	fashion designer
occupation	Serafin Gabriel (October 12, 1928 -- February 9, 1992), better known by his stage name Apeng Daldal, was a Filipino actor, comedian, vaudevillian, singer and writer.	Apeng Daldal	actor	comedian	writer
occupation	Pablo Espinosa Doncel (born March 10, 1992) is a Spanish actor, singer and musician.	Pablo Espinosa	actor
occupation	Dwayne Kelly is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Eastern Province Kings in the domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions.	Dwayne Kelly	rugby union player
occupation	Lensey Namioka née Chao (simplified Chinese: 赵来思; traditional Chinese: 趙來思; pinyin: Zhào Láisī; born June 14, 1929) is a Chinese-born American writer of books for young adults and children.	Lensey Namioka	writer
occupation	Flavius Dagalaiphus (fl. 461-475) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire.	Dagalaiphus	politician
occupation	Marine Oussedik, born on May 20, 1967, is a painter, sculptor and an illustrator specialized in horses.	Marine Oussedik	painter
occupation	Samantha Strauss is a Logie Award-winning and international Emmy Award-nominated Australian screenwriter.	Samantha Strauss	screenwriter
occupation	Judy Baldwin (November 12, 1973 -- September 19, 2010) was an American commercial, music video and film director.	Judy Baldwin	film director
occupation	Kristen Kish is an American chef best known for winning Season 10 of Top Chef.	Kristen Kish	chef
occupation	Daniel Shak (born May 7, 1959) is an American semi-professional poker player and hedge fund manager known for his accomplishments in high buy-in poker events.	Daniel Shak	poker player
occupation	Benjamin Glazer (May 7, 1887 -- March 18, 1956) was a screenwriter, producer, foley artist, and director of American films from the 1920s through the 1950s.	Benjamin Glazer	screenwriter
occupation	Dean Garcia (born 3 May 1958 in London) is an English multi-instrumentalist musician, best known as a member of the alternative rock duo Curve from 1990 to 2005.	Dean Garcia	musician
occupation	Dolar Mahmud (Bengali: ডলার মাহমুদ) (born December 30, 1988) is a Bangladeshi first class cricketer.	Dolar Mahmud	cricketer
occupation	Michael Richards, better known as Adisa Andwele, is a rhythm poet from Barbados.	Adisa Andwele	poet
occupation	Zaima Beleño is an Argentine singer, actress, dancer and vedette.	Zaima Beleño	singer
occupation	Daniel Dociu is a Romanian video game art director and concept artist.	Daniel Dociu	art director
occupation	Dinesh Lal Yadav is a Bhojpuri film singer, actor, and television presenter.	Dinesh Lal Yadav	actor
occupation	Yohanes Surya (born in Jakarta, November 6, 1963) is an Indonesian physicist and coach of Indonesian Physics Team for the Olympiad (TOFI) since 1993.	Yohanes Surya	physicist
occupation	Giuseppe Novelli (born February 27, 1959) is an Italian geneticist and the president of University of Rome Tor Vergata.	Giuseppe Novelli	geneticist
occupation	Anna Ziaja (born August 1, 1954 in Wrocław) is a Polish contemporary painter and print maker.	Anna Ziaja	painter
occupation	Judah Friedlander (born March 16, 1969) is an American actor and comedian, known for playing the role of writer Frank Rossitano on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock.	Judah Friedlander	actor	writer
occupation	Nathaniel Kramer (born 1961) is a film director, director of photography and cinematographer, as well as a fashion photographer, film producer, and documentary film director.	Nathaniel Kramer	film director
occupation	Edwin Lewis Snyder (July 2, 1887 -- March 28, 1969) was an architect and pioneer in the use of Spanish Colonial Revival Style architecture, building homes in Northern California for decades from the early to mid-twentieth century.	Edwin Lewis Snyder	architect
occupation	Pavel Sidorov (Kazakh: Павел Сидоров; born August 8, 1976) is a Kazakh former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and backstroke events.	Pavel Sidorov	swimmer
occupation	Cid Ricketts Sumner (September 27, 1890 -- October 15, 1970) was a novelist from the United States.	Cid Ricketts Sumner	novelist
occupation	Rafael Román Meléndez is a teacher and school principal, and the current Secretary of Education of Puerto Rico.	Rafael Román Meléndez	teacher
occupation	Dany Morin (born December 19, 1985) is a Canadian businessman and former politician, who served in the Canadian House of Commons from 2011 to 2015.	Dany Morin	politician
occupation	Antoine Marc Gaudin (August 8, 1900 -- August 23, 1974) was a distinguished American mineral engineer, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a founding member of the National Academy of Engineering.	Antoine Marc Gaudin	engineer
occupation	William Edward Bauer (born c. 1926 in Ontario, Canada) is a former Canadian diplomat.	William Edward Bauer	diplomat
occupation	Denis Héroux, OC (French pronunciation: ​(dəni eʁu); July 15, 1940 -- December 10, 2015) was a Canadian film director and producer.	Denis Héroux	film director
occupation	Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle (German pronunciation: (ˈeːfi ˈzaxənbaxɐˈʃteːlə); born 27 November 1980) is a retired German cross-country skier and biathlete from Reit im Winkl who has competed since 1998.	Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle	cross-country skier	biathlete
occupation	Fernando Coimbra is a Brazilian film director, known for directing A Wolf at the Door (2013) and the upcoming Sand Castle.	Fernando Coimbra	film director
occupation	Coque Malla is a Spanish musician and actor, frontman of the group Los Ronaldos.	Coque Malla	actor
occupation	Henry Larcom Abbot (August 13, 1831 -- October 1, 1927) was a military engineer and career officer in the United States Army.	Henry Larcom Abbot	engineer	officer
occupation	Ahmed Aflal Jawad, SLOS is a Sri Lankan diplomat.	Ahmed Aflal Jawad	diplomat
occupation	Zichmni is the name of an explorer-prince who appears in a 1558 book by Caterino Zeno of Venice, allegedly based on letters and a map (called the Zeno map) dating to the year 1400 by the author's ancestors, brothers Nicolò and Antonio Zeno.	Zichmni	explorer
occupation	Ustad Ali Maryam (Persian: استاد علی مریم‎) was a famous architect of 19th century Persia.	Ustad Ali Maryam	architect
occupation	Captain William John MacKenzie was an American flying ace who served with British naval aviation during World War I. He was one of the combatants in Manfred von Richthofen's last fight, being wounded in action.	William John MacKenzie	flying ace
occupation	Dale Kirby MHA (born May 19, 1971) is a Canadian politician and university professor, who was first elected to the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly in the 2011 provincial election.	Dale Kirby	politician
occupation	Roy Herron (born September 30, 1953) is an American politician, attorney and author.	Roy Herron	politician
occupation	Serge Halimi (August 2, 1955 ) is a journalist with the Le Monde diplomatique since 1992.	Serge Halimi	journalist
occupation	Okabayashi Shoken was a Japanese samurai of the Sengoku period, who served the Aki clan of Tosa Province.	Okabayashi Shoken	samurai
occupation	Adriaan van Dis is a prolific writer whose work is very popular in the Netherlands, where he is a household name.	Adriaan van Dis	writer
occupation	Alec Taylor, Sr. (1821--1894) was a successful British Thoroughbred horse trainer running Manton stables, ``one of the finest training centres''.	Alec Taylor, Sr.	horse trainer
occupation	Gennaro Negri (fl. 1810s) was an early 19th Century Italian song composer.	Gennaro Negri	composer
occupation	Efraim Zuroff (born August 5, 1948) is an American-born Israeli historian,leftist political activist and Nazi hunter who has played a key role in bringing indicted Nazi and fascist war criminals to trial.	Efraim Zuroff	Nazi hunter
occupation	Byttering (also Bytering, Bytteryng, or Biteryng; possible first name Thomas) (fl. c. 1400 -- 1420) was an English composer during the transitional period from Medieval to Renaissance styles.	Byttering	composer
occupation	Paula Lazos (b.June 30, 1940 -- d. January 27, 2010 ) was a Mexican painter whose work has been exhibited in both North and South America and recognized with membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.	Paula Lazos	painter
occupation	Jay Cassidy is an American film editor with more than 30 credits since 1978.	Jay Cassidy	film editor
occupation	Matthew Heiti is a Canadian actor, screenwriter, novelist and playwright.	Matthew Heiti	novelist
occupation	Samantha Aquim is a Brazilian chef, owner of Aquim Gastronomia in Ipanema, Rio de Janeiro and founder of Q-Zero Chocolate.	Samantha Aquim	chef
occupation	Joan Heather Duncan (born October 30, 1941) is a pharmacist and former politician in Saskatchewan.	Joan Heather Duncan	politician
occupation	Peter S. Albin (December 20, 1934 -- February 20, 2008) was an American economist who wrote and taught primarily in New York City.	Peter S. Albin	economist
occupation	Paul Watzlawick (July 25, 1921 -- March 31, 2007) was an Austrian-American family therapist, psychologist, communications theorist, and philosopher.	Paul Watzlawick	psychologist	philosopher
occupation	Rosie Burgess (born 6 January 1978) is an Australian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Rosie Burgess	singer
occupation	Simon of Faversham (also Simon Favershamensis, Simon de Faverisham, Simon von Faversham, or Simon Anglicus; c.1260--1306) was an English medieval scholastic philosopher and later a university chancellor.	Simon of Faversham	philosopher
occupation	Carrie Donovan (March 22, 1928 -- November 12, 2001) was fashion editor for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar and The New York Times Magazine.	Carrie Donovan	fashion editor
occupation	Peter D. T. A. Elliott (born 1941) is an American mathematician, working in the field of number theory.	Peter D. T. A. Elliott	mathematician
occupation	Shyam Sunder Rao is a former Indian volleyball player and coach.	Shyam Sunder Rao	volleyball player
occupation	John A. Mallin was a Czech-American mural and fresco painter in the Chicago area in the 20th century.	John A. Mallin	painter
occupation	Hartmut Schreiber (born January 28, 1944 in Wittich) is a German rower, who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.	Hartmut Schreiber	rower
occupation	Patrick Leafa is a professional rugby union player with the Melbourne Rebels.	Patrick Leafa	rugby union player
occupation	Frazer Will (born May 10, 1982 in Star City, Saskatchewan) is a judoka from Star City, Saskatchewan, Canada, who won gold medals at the 2006 and 2007 Pan American Judo Championships, the 2007 Chinese Open and four national championships in the lightweight (60 kg) division.	Frazer Will	judoka
occupation	Hanna Eady is a Palestinian-American actor and playwright best known for co-writing Suhmata, a play about the destruction of the Palestinian Arab village of Suhmata, near Acre in what is now northern Israel.	Hanna Eady	playwright
occupation	Keni Styles is a British former pornographic actor of Thai origin.	Keni Styles	pornographic actor
occupation	David N. Levinson is a real estate businessman and a former politician from Delaware.	David N. Levinson	politician
occupation	Manie van Dyk is a South African politician, a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance, and the Shadow Minister of Public Enterprises.	Manie van Dyk	politician
occupation	Cumianus (c. 641 -- c. 736) was an Irish monk who became abbot of San Columbano di Bobbio around 715.	Cumianus	abbot
occupation	Alan K. Avery (born May 24, 1961 in North Carolina) is an Atlanta, Georgia art dealer.	Alan K. Avery	art dealer
occupation	Shawn Skelly (born January 1, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey player, who last played for the organization of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL.	Shawn Skelly	ice hockey player
occupation	Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay is an Indian politician and the present Minister for the departments of Technical Education and Training,Science and Technology and Biotechnology in the Government of West Bengal.	Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay	politician
occupation	Adrián Gómez González was a Mexican drug trafficker and a Sinaloa Cartel drug lord.	Adrián Gómez González	drug trafficker
occupation	Robert J. Horner (September 14, 1894 -- May 4, 1935) was an American film producer, director, and screenwriter.	Robert J. Horner	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Deane Rykerson is an American politician and architect from Maine.	Deane Rykerson	politician
occupation	Kalle Lasn (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈkɑlˑɛ ˈlɑsn̥)) (born March 24, 1942) is an Estonian-Canadian film maker, author, magazine editor and activist.	Kalle Lasn	editor
occupation	Hwee Hwee Tan (or Tan Hwee Hwee in traditional order; Tan is the family name) is a Singaporean writer.	Hwee Hwee Tan	writer
occupation	Aaron ben Mordecai of Rödelheim was a German Jewish translator, who flourished early in the eighteenth century.	Aaron ben Mordecai of Rödelheim	translator
occupation	Takeyuki Nakayama (中山竹通, Nakayama Takeyuki; born December 20, 1959 in Ikeda, Nagano) was a Japanese world-class marathon runner.	Takeyuki Nakayama	marathon runner
occupation	Sergio Sendel Santaella is a Mexican actor, born on November 4, 1966, most notable for playing villainous roles in Mexican telenovelas.	Sergio Sendel	actor
occupation	Eduard Wald (March 10, 1905 -- November 5, 1978) was a Communist politician, trade unionist and member of the German Resistance against Nazism.	Eduard Wald	politician
occupation	John Dalby (born April 22, 1929) is an English singer, pianist and composer.	John Dalby	composer
occupation	Jorge Francisco Sotomayor Chávez (born 5 February 1980) is a Mexican independent politician formerly affiliated to the PAN.	Jorge Francisco Sotomayor	politician
occupation	Jesse Tobias (born April 1, 1972) is an American guitarist who has been the guitarist/co-writer for Morrissey since 2005.	Jesse Tobias	guitarist
occupation	John Workman (born June 20, 1950) is an editor, writer, artist, designer, colorist and letterer in the comic book industry.	John Workman	letterer
occupation	Henry Reuterdahl (August 12, 1870 -- December 21, 1925) was a Swedish-American painter highly acclaimed for his nautical artwork.	Henry Reuterdahl	painter
occupation	Edward L. Wilson (born September 5, 1931 in Ferndale, California) is an American civil engineer and academic who is known for his contributions to the development of finite element method.	Edward L. Wilson	engineer
occupation	Lizzie Miles was the stage name taken by Elizabeth Mary Landreaux (March 31, 1895 -- March 17, 1963), a Creole blues singer.	Lizzie Miles	singer
occupation	Scott Sutton (born June 3, 1970) is the men's basketball coach for the Oral Roberts Golden Eagles.	Scott Sutton	basketball coach
occupation	Charles William Jefferys (August 25, 1869 -- October 8, 1951) was a Canadian painter, illustrator, author, and teacher best known as a historical illustrator.	Charles William Jefferys	painter	teacher
occupation	E. Burton Swanson (born ca 1940) is an American computer scientist, and Professor Emeritus of Information Systems at the UCLA Anderson School of Management.	E. Burton Swanson	computer scientist
occupation	Jacques du Broeucq (c.1505--c.1584) was a sculptor and architect from Southern Netherlands.	Jacques du Broeucq	sculptor	architect
occupation	Eva Hesse (January 11, 1936 -- May 29, 1970), was a Jewish German-born American sculptor, known for her pioneering work in materials such as latex, fiberglass, and plastics.	Eva Hesse	sculptor
occupation	Vittore Carpaccio (Italian pronunciation: (vitˈtoːre karˈpattʃo); c. 1465 -- 1525/1526) was a Venetian painter of the Venetian school, who studied under Gentile Bellini.	Vittore Carpaccio	painter
occupation	Jeffrey Lynch is an American animator and graphic artist.	Jeffrey Lynch	animator
occupation	Qanta A. Ahmed is a Muslim British physician specializing in sleep disorders.	Qanta A. Ahmed	physician
occupation	Ed Kretz, Sr. (September 24, 1911 -- January 30, 1996), aka Ed ``Iron Man'' Kretz, was a motorcycle racer in the 1930s and 1940s.	Ed Kretz	motorcycle racer
occupation	Suzanna Choffel (born March 4, 1980) is an American singer-songwriter and musician who has appeared on national television and in film.	Suzanna Choffel	singer
occupation	Andres Levin is a Venezuelan-born American record producer, bandleader, filmmaker, recording engineer and philanthropist.	Andres Levin	record producer
occupation	Louis Malcolm (Mal) Boyd, popularly known as L. M. Boyd (June 9, 1927 in Spokane, Washington, USA -- January 22, 2007, in Seattle) was a newspaper columnist whose nationally syndicated column was a collection of miscellaneous trivial and amusing facts.	L. M. Boyd	columnist
occupation	Antun Karlo Bakotić (Kaštel Gomilica, November 4, 1831 - Zadar, January 13, 1887) was a Croatian writer and physicist.	Antun Karlo Bakotić	physicist
occupation	Engin Çeber (May 5, 1979 -- October 8, 2008) was a Turkish human rights activist who was tortured and killed while in police custody.	Engin Çeber	human rights activist
occupation	Luther H. Cary was a politician in Wisconsin and California.	Luther H. Cary	politician
occupation	Peter Early (June 20, 1773 -- August 15, 1817) was an American lawyer, jurist and politician.	Peter Early	lawyer	politician
occupation	Ateed is a German singer, born to a Greek Turkish mother and Iranian father.	Ateed	singer
occupation	Steve Diet Goedde (born Steven Paul Goedde on February 20, 1965) is an American fetish photographer.	Steve Diet Goedde	photographer
occupation	Eric André (born April 4, 1983) is an American actor, comedian and television host.	Eric André	actor
occupation	Seaborn Reese (November 28, 1846 -- March 1, 1907) was an American politician, jurist and lawyer.	Seaborn Reese	politician	lawyer
occupation	Frances Lewine (January 20, 1921 -- January 19, 2008) was an American journalist and White House Correspondent.	Frances Lewine	journalist
occupation	Charles Vess (born June 10, 1951) is an American fantasy artist and comic-book illustrator who has specialized in the illustration of myths and fairy tales.	Charles Vess	artist
occupation	Joe Kearns (born October 1986) is an English record producer, mixer and engineer from London.	Joe Kearns	engineer
occupation	Rehman Khan (born August 21, 1979) is an Indian stand up comedian and a film actor.	Rehman Khan	actor
occupation	Matthias Qualle (1470--1518), born Matija Hvale, was a Slovene philosopher.	Matthias Qualle	philosopher
occupation	Norbert Holl is a German diplomat who served as Head of the United Nations special mission to Afghanistan from 1996 to 1997.	Norbert Holl	diplomat
occupation	In 2004 Yao Chen married the Chinese actor Ling Xiao Su, but they divorced in January 2011.	Yao Chen	actor
occupation	Abner Silver was an American songwriter who worked primarily during the Tin Pan Alley era of the craft.	Abner Silver	songwriter
occupation	Kathryn Doby is an American dancer, actresses, choreographer, and assistant to Bob Fosse.	Kathryn Doby	dancer
occupation	Karl Harst (fl. 1540) was a sixteenth-century diplomat from the German Duchy of Cleves.	Karl Harst	diplomat
occupation	Denan Kemp is a retired Australian professional rugby league player, best known for his stints in the National Rugby League (NRL).	Denan Kemp	rugby league player
occupation	Ray Peterson (April 23, 1939 -- January 25, 2005) was an American pop singer who was best remembered for singing ``Tell Laura I Love Her'' and ``Corrina, Corrina'' (incorrectly printed as ``Corrine, Corrina'' on some record labels) in the 1960s.	Ray Peterson	singer
occupation	John Brittas (Malayalam:ജോൺ ബ്രിട്ടാസ്) is a journalist, managing director of Kairali TV (Malayalam Communications, Ltd.) and former Business Head of Asianet Communications.	John Brittas	journalist
occupation	Jerrold Fisher is an American composer, conductor, singer, arranger and musician.	Jerrold Fisher	composer	conductor	singer
occupation	Brigade General Salvador Pardo Cruz is a Cuban politician and the Cuban Minister of Heavy Industries (2009--present), replacing Fernando Acosta Santana after the 2009 shake-up by Raúl Castro.	Salvador Pardo Cruz	politician
occupation	Thomas Alfred Wardle (October 31, 1913 -- June 20, 2005) was a Canadian politician, who represented Beaches-Woodbine in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1971 to 1975 as a Progressive Conservative member in the majority government headed by Bill Davis.	Thomas Alfred Wardle	politician
occupation	Marcelo Falcão Custódio (born May 31, 1973 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian musician, the lead singer of the group O Rappa.	Marcelo Falcão	singer
occupation	Janice Torre was a songwriter and lyricist best known for the song Paper Roses, which she wrote with composer Fred Spielman.	Janice Torre	composer
occupation	Halima Namakula (born January 1, 1960) is a Ugandan musician, actress, entrepreneur and humanitarian who in 2009 was nominated to represent Uganda in the Mrs. World beauty pageant.	Halima Namakula	entrepreneur
occupation	Cress Williams (born July 26, 1970) is a German-born American film and television actor, best known for playing the hitman Wyatt in Prison Break and detective Ed Williams in Close to Home.	Cress Williams	actor
occupation	Mike Schuppan is an American mixing engineer.	Mike Schuppan	engineer
occupation	William Christian Bullitt, Jr. (January 25, 1891 -- February 15, 1967) was an American diplomat, journalist, and novelist.	William Christian Bullitt, Jr.	diplomat	journalist
occupation	Richard Link is a Canadian composer, musical director, teacher, and performer living in London.	Richard Link	composer
occupation	Kevin Bivona is an American musician and audio engineer best known for his work with The Transplants and Tim Armstrong.	Kevin Bivona	audio engineer
occupation	Bathyllus was a dancer/performer of pantomimus in Rome during the period of Augustus.	Bathyllus	dancer
occupation	Kenneth Tigar (born September 24, 1942) is an American actor and translator.	Kenneth Tigar	actor	translator
occupation	Sujoy Ghosh is an Indian film director, actor and screenwriter.	Sujoy Ghosh	film director	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Ramananda Sengupta (born 8 May 1916) is India's oldest living cinematographer.	Ramananda Sengupta	cinematographer
occupation	Mike Fedorko (born September 13, 1956 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player who played four games with the Houston Aeros of the World Hockey Association in 1977.	Mike Fedorko	ice hockey player
occupation	Giuseppe Moriani was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Tuscany in the late 17th and early 18th century.	Giuseppe Moriani	painter
occupation	Pacal Bayley (born October 21, 1983), better known by his stage name DJ Pain 1, is an American record producer and DJ from Madison, Wisconsin.	DJ Pain 1	record producer
occupation	Brian McConnachie (born December 23, 1942) is an American actor, comedy writer, and children's book author.	Brian McConnachie	actor
occupation	Olle Petrusson (born November 14, 1943) is a Swedish biathlete and Olympic medalist.	Olle Petrusson	biathlete
occupation	Arnold Weinstein (June 10, 1927--September 4, 2005) was an American poet, playwright and librettist, who referred to himself as a ``theatre poet''.	Arnold Weinstein	librettist
occupation	Isaac ben Joseph ibn Pulgar was a Spanish Jewish philosopher, poet, and controversialist, who flourished in the first half of the fourteenth century.	Isaac ben Joseph ibn Pulgar	philosopher	poet
occupation	James Harlan Steele was an American veterinarian recognized as the ``the father of veterinary public health'' who led some of the first efforts to prevent the spread of disease from animals to humans.	James Harlan Steele	veterinarian
occupation	Hilton A. Green (March 3, 1929 -- October 2, 2013) was an American film producer and assistant director.	Hilton A. Green	film producer
occupation	Brian Patrick Carroll (born May 13, 1969), known professionally as Buckethead, is an American guitarist and multi-instrumentalist who has worked within many genres of music.	Buckethead	guitarist
occupation	Chad Villella is an American actor, writer, producer and director.	Chad Villella	actor	writer
occupation	Kunchacko was an Indian film producer and director who worked in the Malayalam film industry.	Kunchacko	film producer
occupation	Shane R. Jimerson, Ph.D., is a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara in the Department of Counseling, Clinical, and School Psychology and a nationally-certified school psychologist.	Shane R. Jimerson	psychologist
occupation	The two became lifelong friends, Roosevelt later saying of Bullock, ``Seth Bullock is a true Westerner, the finest type of frontiersman.''	Seth Bullock	frontiersman
occupation	Greg Bearup is an Australian journalist, author and international election expert.	Greg Bearup	journalist	author
occupation	Professor Anders Krogh is a bioinformatician at the University of Copenhagen, where he leads the university's bioinformatics center.	Anders Krogh	bioinformatician
occupation	He began his professional music career at sixteen and led the big band Horace Heidt, Jr. and his Modern Musical Knights, in addition to becoming a lawyer and serving in the U.S. Army Reserves as an officer.	Horace Heidt, Jr.	lawyer
occupation	Al Sack (January 3, 1911 -- December 6, 1947) was a conductor, composer, arranger, and violinist whose career spanned from the late 1920s up until his death in 1947.	Al Sack	composer	violinist
occupation	John Evans (died 1779), was curate of Portsmouth.	John Evans (died 1779)	curate
occupation	Pedro Rosa Nales is a Puerto Rican journalist and a recognized martial artist.	Pedro Rosa Nales	journalist
occupation	Wendy Miller (born March 3, 1981 in Fredericton, New Brunswick) is a Canadian curler, who currently throws lead stones out of the Yellowknife Curling Club in Yellowknife.	Wendy Miller	curler
occupation	Hagit Yaso (Hebrew: חגית יאסו‎; born October 8, 1989) is an Israeli singer.	Hagit Yaso	singer
occupation	Clyde Brion Davis (May 22, 1894--July 19, 1962) was an American author and freelance journalist active from the mid-1920s until his death.	Clyde Brion Davis	journalist
occupation	Linn Boyd (November 22, 1800 -- December 17, 1859) (also spelled ``Lynn'') was a prominent US politician of the 1840s and 1850s, and served as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1851 to 1855.	Linn Boyd	politician
occupation	Jiří Mahen (December 12, 1882 -- May 22, 1939) was a Czech novelist, playwright and essayist.	Jiří Mahen	playwright
occupation	Kevin David Petersen (born December 14, 1964) is a Wisconsin, USA, politician.	Kevin David Petersen	politician
occupation	Hillel Weinberg (Hebrew: יוסף הלל וינברג‎) is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi at Aish HaTorah.	Hillel Weinberg	rabbi
occupation	Ernest William Haslehust (12 November 1866 -- 3 July 1949) was an English landscape painter and book illustrator who worked in watercolours.	Ernest William Haslehust	painter
occupation	Emanuel Celler (May 6, 1888 -- January 15, 1981) was an American politician from New York who served in the United States House of Representatives for almost 50 years, from March 1923 to January 1973.	Emanuel Celler	politician
occupation	Allen Shawn (born 1948) is an American composer, pianist, educator, and author who lives in Vermont.	Allen Shawn	composer
occupation	Robt Ptak (born October 13, 1970) is an American rock singer-songwriter, guitarist, bassist, and record producer who is the co-founding member and bassist/backing vocalist for 1990s pop punk band Size 14.	Robt Ptak	singer	songwriter
occupation	David D. Busch is a photographer and well-known award-winning author of more than 200 books with a total of more than two million copies in print, and thousands of photography- and technology-related articles for Popular Photography, Rangefinder, Professional Photographer, Computer Shopper, and other magazines.	David D. Busch	photographer
occupation	Paolo Pietropaolo is a Canadian radio host, producer, writer and musician based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Paolo Pietropaolo	radio host
occupation	Steven Pasquale (pronounced pahs-QWAL; born November 18, 1976) is an American actor.	Steven Pasquale	actor
occupation	Tomislav Kezarovski (Macedonian: Томислав Kежаровски, born 1965) is a Macedonian journalist.	Tomislav Kezarovski	journalist
occupation	Matthew Perryman Jones (born 1973) is an American singer-songwriter who currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee.	Matthew Perryman Jones	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mark Kiely is an American actor, probably best known for his recurring guest appearance as Gil Meyers in Beverly Hills, 90210.	Mark Kiely	actor
occupation	Ken Thorley is an actor who has portrayed various characters in television and film.	Ken Thorley	actor
occupation	Lester Rodney (April 17, 1911 -- December 20, 2009) was an American journalist who helped break down the color barrier in baseball as sports writer for the Daily Worker.	Lester Rodney	journalist	writer
occupation	Carmen Acevedo Vega (July 16, 1913 -- April 28, 2006) was an Ecuadorian poet, writer, and journalist.	Carmen Acevedo Vega	journalist
occupation	Harold Takooshian is an American psychologist and academic perhaps best known as a premier authority on the Kitty Genovese case, having spent many years studying the subject.	Harold Takooshian	psychologist
occupation	Will Vodery (October 8, 1885 - November 18, 1951) was an African-American composer, conductor, orchestrator, and arranger, and one of the few black Americans of his time to make a name for himself as a composer on Broadway, working largely for Florenz Ziegfeld.	Will Vodery	composer	conductor
occupation	Marjorie Helen Orwig (June 3, 1924, Madera, California -- June 14, 2000, Oceanside, California, better known as Margie Rayburn) was an American singer.	Margie Rayburn	singer
occupation	David Harbour (born April 10, 1974) is an American actor who has performed in film, television and in the theater.	David Harbour	actor
occupation	Abner Doble (March 26, 1890 -- July 17, 1961), was an American mechanical engineer who built and sold steam-powered automobiles.	Abner Doble	engineer
occupation	W. C. Nock (born in the West Indies, 1869 or 1870, death details unknown) was a West Indian cricketer who was manager of the first West Indian touring team to England in 1900.	W. C. Nock	cricketer
occupation	The Reverend Thomas J. Quinlan (April 23, 1929 -- April 24, 2012) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Richmond diocese.	Thomas J. Quinlan	priest
occupation	Andy Harter FREng CEng FIET FBCS CITP, FRSA (born 1961 in Yorkshire, England) is a British computer scientist, best known as the founder and CEO of RealVNC.	Andy Harter	computer scientist
occupation	Shanmukha Srinivas, (born N. Shanmukha Srinivas) is an Indian film actor, and an accomplished Kuchipudi dancer.	Shanmukha Srinivas	actor
occupation	Dara Tucker began writing in Switzerland in 2003, and in 2004, moved to Nashville to pursue a career as a singer/songwriter.	Dara Tucker	songwriter
occupation	Jackie Mason (born June 9, 1931) is an American stand-up comedian and film and television actor.	Jackie Mason	actor
occupation	Jean Elizabeth Hampton (June 1, 1954 -- April 2, 1996) was an American political philosopher, author of Hobbes and the Social Contract Tradition, Political Philosophy, The Authority of Reason, The Intrinsic Worth of Persons and, with Jeffrie G Murphy, Forgiveness and Mercy.	Jean Elizabeth Hampton	philosopher
occupation	Morten M. Kristiansen (born 30 May 1948) is a Norwegian illustrator, known by his signature Morten M. He was born in Oslo.	Morten M. Kristiansen	illustrator
occupation	Gertrude Himmelfarb (born August 8, 1922), also known as Bea Kristol, is an American historian.	Gertrude Himmelfarb	historian
occupation	Robert A. Rescorla (born May 9, 1940) is an American psychologist that specialized in the involvement of cognitive processes in classical conditioning focusing on animal learning and behavior.	Robert A. Rescorla	psychologist
occupation	Susan Norris Fitkin (March 31, 1870 -- October 18, 1951) was a Canadian ordained minister, who served successively in the Society of Friends, the Association of Pentecostal Churches of America, and finally in the Church of the Nazarene.	Susan Norris Fitkin	minister
occupation	Diane Sher Lutovich (died June 2, 2004) was an American poet, and writing teacher.	Diane Sher Lutovich	poet
occupation	Radu Stanca (March 5, 1920 -- December 26, 1962) was a Romanian poet, playwright, theatre director, theatre critic and theoretician.	Radu Stanca	playwright	theatre director
occupation	William R. Hollingsworth, Jr. (1910-1944) was an American painter.	William R. Hollingsworth, Jr.	painter
occupation	Marina Eglevsky is an American ballet dancer born in New York City.	Marina Eglevsky	ballet dancer
occupation	William Schatzkamer (August 17, 1916 - September 12, 2012) was an American educator, pianist, and conductor.	William Schatzkamer	conductor
occupation	Arif Şirin, commonly known as Ozan Arif (``Arif the Bard'') (June 10, 1949 in Alucra district) is a Turkish lyricist, composer, singer, and bağlama performer, foremost known for his songs with lyrics propagating the Turkish nationalist cause.	Arif Şirin	composer	singer
occupation	Sir Cormac MacBaron O'Neill was an Irish soldier and landowner of the Elizabethan and early Stuart eras.	Cormac MacBaron O'Neill	soldier
occupation	Paolo Benetazzo (born July 16, 1976) is an Italian film director, actor, screenwriter, producer, editor and visual artist.	Paolo Benetazzo	film director
occupation	Holley Mims (February 10, 1929 -- January 13, 1970) was a highly regarded middleweight boxer during the 1950s and 1960s.	Holley Mims	boxer
occupation	Brennan LaBrie (born September 21, 1999) is a journalist for Time for Kids.	Brennan LaBrie	journalist
occupation	Unlike his good friend Rammohan Roy, who pleaded for the rights of the poor ryots, Dwarkanath Tagore was the best corporate minded entrepreneur of his contemporary age.	Dwarkanath Tagore	entrepreneur
occupation	Steven Jay Russell (born September 14, 1957) is an American con artist known for escaping from prison multiple times.	Steven Jay Russell	con artist
occupation	Mohammad Mohammadi-Malayeri (Persian: محمد محمدی ملایری‎‎) was an Iranian historian, linguist, and literary scholar.	Mohammad Mohammadi-Malayeri	historian	literary
occupation	Paul Neilan is an American novelist, writer of Apathy and Other Small Victories.	Paul Neilan	novelist
occupation	Steve Rivkin is a marketing and communications consultant, author and speaker.	Steve Rivkin	author
occupation	Hassan Ayariga is a Ghanaian accountant, entrepreneur and politician.	Hassan Ayariga	accountant	entrepreneur	politician
occupation	Tania Langlais (born 1979) is a Quebec poet and educator.	Tania Langlais	poet
occupation	Anna Saeki (冴木 杏奈(さえき あんな)) is a singer with Moon Music.	Anna Saeki	singer
occupation	Peter Siebold (born 1971) is a member of the Scaled Composites astronaut team.	Peter Siebold	astronaut
occupation	Malik Azmani (born January 20, 1976 in Heerenveen) is a Dutch politician and former lawyer and civil servant of partly Moroccan descent.	Malik Azmani	politician
occupation	Emil Holub (October 7, 1847 -- February 21, 1902) was a Czech physician, explorer, cartographer, and ethnographer in Africa.	Emil Holub	physician	explorer	cartographer
occupation	Tanita Tikaram (born 12 August 1969) is a German-born British pop/folk singer-songwriter.	Tanita Tikaram	singer
occupation	Dr. Ralph Brazelton Peck (June 23, 1912 -- February 18, 2008) was an eminent civil engineer specializing in soil mechanics.	Ralph Brazelton Peck	civil engineer
occupation	Vijay Prashad is an Indian historian, journalist, commentator and a Marxist intellectual.	Vijay Prashad	historian
occupation	Valério Nascimento was a Brazilian owner, editor, and journalist for the Panorama Geral, which had published issues that were critical of local authorities in São Paulo state.	Valério Nascimento	journalist
occupation	Louis Amateis, American sculptor born in Turin, Italy on December 13, 1855.	Louis Amateis	sculptor
occupation	Patricia Ford (born March 17, 1969) is an American glamour model and actress known for her appearances in swimsuit magazines, lingerie catalogs, softcore nude layouts in the Playboy Newsstand Specials and more explicit layouts in magazines like Mayfair.	Patricia Ford	model
occupation	Antonios Gioulbas (also Antonios Gkioulmpas, Greek: Αντώνιος Γκιούλμπας; born April 17, 1986) is a Greek former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke events.	Antonios Gioulbas	swimmer
occupation	Alexander Grant MacKay (March 7, 1860 -- April 25, 1920) was a Canadian teacher, lawyer and provincial level politician.	Alexander Grant MacKay	politician
occupation	Trevor Adamson is a country/gospel singer best known for his song Nyanpi Matilda, a Pitjantjatjara version of Waltzing Matilda.	Trevor Adamson	singer
occupation	Leland L. Jones is an American actor and author of Djibouti Pier 17.	Leland L. Jones	actor	author
occupation	Brenno Ambrosini is an Italian pianist, born in Venetia, who is active in Spain.	Brenno Ambrosini	pianist
occupation	François Fournier de Pescay (born 7 September 1771 -- 8 July 1833), is a French physician and surgeon.	François Fournier de Pescay	physician
occupation	Joy Dunlop is a Scottish Gaelic speaker, singer and Scottish step dancer from the village of Connel in Argyll, Scotland.	Joy Dunlop	singer	dancer
occupation	Carl-Einar Häckner, also Charlie Häckner, (born October 8, 1969) is a Swedish illusionist, actor and comedian.	Carl-Einar Häckner	actor
occupation	Dan Fredenburgh is a British actor and screenwriter known for The Bourne Ultimatum (2007), Love Actually (2003) and the role of John Knightley in the BBC's adaptation of Emma (2009).	Dan Fredenburgh	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Rodolfo Casamiquela (Ingeniero Jacobacci, Río Negro Province, December 11, 1932 -- Cipolletti, Río Negro, December 5, 2008) was an Argentinian paleontologist, archeologist, historian, writer, and teacher, best known for his discovering of dinosaur Pisanosaurus mertii in 1967.	Rodolfo Casamiquela	paleontologist	historian
occupation	Baldur Preiml (born July 8, 1939 in Bruggen) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed from 1960 to 1968.	Baldur Preiml	ski jumper
occupation	Winslow Shelby Coates III, better known as Win Coates, (March 28, 1960 -- February 7, 1990) was an American documentary photographer and a follower of Meher Baba.	Win Coates	photographer
occupation	Claude Blanchard (May 19, 1932 -- August 20, 2006) was a Québécois pop singer and actor.	Claude Blanchard	actor
occupation	Bo Derek (born Mary Cathleen Collins; November 20, 1956) is an American film and television actress, movie producer, and model perhaps best known for her role in the 1979 film 10.	Bo Derek	model
occupation	Gianni A. Sarcone (born March 20, 1962) is a visual artist and an author of columns and articles for newspapers and magazines featuring visual puzzles and mathematical brain teasers.	Gianni A. Sarcone	artist
occupation	Cormac de Barra is a harpist, singer and television presenter and is part of the Moya Brennan Band.	Cormac de Barra	singer
occupation	Mac Allen (born June 7, 1985) is a lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League and formerly of the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse.	Mac Allen	lacrosse player
occupation	Wallace Turner (March 15, 1921 -- September 18, 2010) was an American journalist and government administrator.	Wallace Turner	journalist
occupation	William Ewin (October 8, 1808 -- November 25, 1886) was an American artisan, lawyer, civil servant and State Senator.	William Ewin	lawyer
occupation	Michael Gardner (born 1964 in Safford, Arizona) is an American Democratic Party politician.	Michael Gardner	politician
occupation	Sy Gomberg (August 19, 1918 -- February 11, 2001) was an Oscar-nominated film screenwriter and producer who taught screenwriting to University of Southern California students for over ten years.	Sy Gomberg	screenwriter
occupation	Emilija Đonin (Serbian Cyrillic: Емилија Ђонин, born 18 August 2000) is a Serbian teen singer from Vojvodina.	Emilija Đonin	singer
occupation	Marilyn Nelson (born April 26, 1946) is an American poet, translator and children's book author.	Marilyn Nelson	translator
occupation	Jorge Luis Velosa Ruiz, better known as Jorge Velosa (born October 8, 1949), is a Colombian veterinary physician and singer-songwriter born in the small town of Ráquira in the Boyacá Department, widely famous in his country for being the creator of the folk musical genre known as carranga.	Jorge Velosa	singer-songwriter
occupation	Donnell Clyde Cooley (December 17, 1910 -- November 23, 1969), better known as Spade Cooley, was an American Western swing musician, big band leader, actor, and television personality.	Spade Cooley	actor
occupation	Theodor Seuss Geisel (/ˈsɔɪs/ i/ˈɡaɪzəl/; March 2, 1904 -- September 24, 1991) was an American writer and illustrator best known for authoring popular children's books under the pen name Dr. Seuss (/suːs/).	Dr. Seuss	writer	illustrator
occupation	Gheorghe Asachi (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe aˈsaki), surname also spelled Asaki; March 1, 1788 -- November 12, 1869) was a Moldavian-born Romanian prose writer, poet, painter, historian, dramatist and translator.	Gheorghe Asachi	writer	poet	painter	historian
occupation	Robin Meloy Goldsby is an American pianist, composer, and memoirist.	Robin Meloy Goldsby	composer
occupation	Dave Jerden is an American record producer, engineer and mixer who has worked with artists in all genres including alternative rock, punk rock and metal genres.	Dave Jerden	record producer
occupation	Mai Ginge Jensen (born 1984) is a Danish ten-pin bowler.	Mai Ginge Jensen	bowler
occupation	Michael Carbonaro (born circa 1976) is an Italian American actor, magician, and improv artist.	Michael Carbonaro	actor
occupation	Moira Stilwell (born 1953 or 1954) is a Canadian politician, who was elected as a member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in 2009 to represent the riding of Vancouver-Langara.	Moira Stilwell	politician
occupation	Edith Marie McGuire (born June 3, 1944), later known as Edith McGuire Duvall, is an American former sprinter.	Edith McGuire	sprinter
occupation	Zomby is a British electronic musician who began releasing music in 2007.	Zomby	musician
occupation	Mia Aegerter is a Swiss musician, model, and stage and film actor.	Mia Aegerter	actor
occupation	Édouard Ignacz Weiczorkiewicz (Russian: Эдуард Виецз; July 17, 1926 -- October 30, 2010) was a Canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name Édouard Carpentier.	Édouard Carpentier	professional wrestler
occupation	Jessica ``Jess'' Ruffner (also known as Jessica Ruffner-Booth) is a colorist who has worked in the comics industry.	Jessica Ruffner	colorist
occupation	Royston Campbell Crane (November 22, 1901 -- July 7, 1977), who signed his work Roy Crane, was an influential American cartoonist who created the comic strip characters Wash Tubbs, Captain Easy and Buz Sawyer.	Roy Crane	cartoonist
occupation	Irene Tomaszewski, or Irena Tomaszewska, is a Polish-Canadian writer and editor.	Irene Tomaszewski	writer
occupation	Victor Rabinowitz (July 2, 1911 -- November 16, 2007) was an American lawyer known for representing high-profile dissidents and causes.	Victor Rabinowitz	lawyer
occupation	Ivor Royston, M.D., is an oncologist, researcher, scientist, entrepreneur and venture capitalist, recognized for his efforts to develop treatments for multiple disease targets and to fund biotechnology companies with promising science, technology or medicines.	Ivor Royston	oncologist	venture capitalist
occupation	James A. Owen is an American comic book illustrator, publisher and writer.	James A. Owen	illustrator	writer
occupation	Some anti-Judaic allegations ascribed by Josephus to the Greek writer Apion, and myths accredited to Manetho are also addressed.	Josephus	writer
occupation	Rivka Zohar (Hebrew: רבקה זהר‎; June 30, 1948) is an Israeli singer.	Rivka Zohar	singer
occupation	Annie Yi (Chinese: 伊能靜; pinyin: Yī Néngjìng; Japanese: Inō Shizuka; born March 4, 1969), also known as Annie Shizuka Inoh, is a Taiwanese singer, actress, and writer.	Annie Yi	singer
occupation	Henry George Glyde (Born June 18, 1906 in Luton, England. Died March 31, 1998 in Victoria, Canada) was a Canadian painter and art educator.	Henry George Glyde	painter
occupation	Pimsiri Sirikaew (Thai: พิมศิริ ศิริแก้ว; rtgs: Phimsiri Sirikaeo; born April 25, 1990) is a Thai weightlifter.	Pimsiri Sirikaew	weightlifter
occupation	Jason Colwick (born January 25, 1988 in San Marcos, Texas) is a two-time NCAA champion American pole vaulter.	Jason Colwick	pole vaulter
occupation	Oviatt Cole was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was Ohio State Auditor 1863--1864.	Oviatt Cole	politician
occupation	Marty Raymond (born October 2, 1964) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is the current head coach of the Hungarian club SAPA Fehérvár AV19 in the Austrian Hockey League.	Marty Raymond	ice hockey player
occupation	Daniel Vidart (born October 7, 1920 in Paysandú) is a Uruguayan anthropologist, writer, historian, and essayist.	Daniel Vidart	anthropologist	historian
occupation	Vishal Chandrasekhar is an Indian film score and soundtrack composer, who has predominantly scored music for Tamil and Telugu films.	Vishal Chandrasekhar	composer
occupation	Susan Sackett is an American author and screenwriter, best known for her involvement in the Star Trek franchise.	Susan Sackett	screenwriter
occupation	George Luther Stearns (January 8, 1809 -- April 9, 1867) was an American industrialist and merchant, as well as an abolitionist and a noted recruiter of blacks for the Union Army during the American Civil War.	George Luther Stearns	merchant
occupation	Joseph Cohen (August 12, 1891 -- September 24, 1973) was a Canadian lawyer, academic, and politician.	Joseph Cohen	lawyer	politician
occupation	In 2006, Camille Zamora joined with fellow opera singer and Juilliard graduate Monica Yunus to form Sing For Hope, a New York City-based non-profit organization that brings arts outreach programs to communities in need and provides a network of support for artists who want to give back to their communities.	Camille Zamora	opera singer
occupation	Pamela Eells O'Connell (formally credited as Pamela Eells) is an American television producer and writer.	Pamela Eells O'Connell	writer
occupation	Mike Nofs is a Republican politician from Michigan currently serving in the Michigan Senate after having served three terms in the Michigan House of Representatives.	Mike Nofs	politician
occupation	Jerome Cabeen (born July 18, 1967) is an author, speaker, social justice advocate and missionary originally from Houston, Texas (USA).	Jerome Cabeen	missionary
occupation	Val Williams is a British curator and author who has become an authority on British photography.	Val Williams	curator
occupation	James Ellsworth De Kay (alternatively spelled DeKay or Dekay) (October 12, 1792 -- November 21, 1851) was an American zoologist.	James Ellsworth De Kay	zoologist
occupation	Vaishali Desai (Hindi: वैशाली देसाई) (born December 18, 1989) is an Indian model and actor.	Vaishali Desai	model	actor
occupation	Fritz Thiedemann (March 3, 1918 -- January 8, 2000) was a German equestrian, considered to be one of the greatest show jumpers of his time.	Fritz Thiedemann	equestrian
occupation	Marika Papagika (Greek: Μαρίκα Παπαγκίκα, née Katsoris; September 1, 1890 -- August 2, 1943) was a popular Greek singer in the early 20th century and one of the first Greek women singers to be heard on sound recordings.	Marika Papagika	singer
occupation	Yoko Yamaguchi (May 10, 1937 -- September 6, 2014) was a Japanese lyricist and novelist.	Yoko Yamaguchi	novelist
occupation	Leigh Tesfatsion is a computational economist who teaches at Iowa State University.	Leigh Tesfatsion	economist
occupation	William Allen White (February 10, 1868 -- January 29, 1944) was a renowned American newspaper editor, politician, author, and leader of the Progressive movement.	William Allen White	newspaper editor	politician	author
occupation	Lilla Maldura (fl. 1876--1887) was a painter, mostly of interior, often church, but also exterior landscapes, in oil and watercolor.	Lilla Maldura	painter
occupation	Paul Jelfs is an Australian former professional rugby league player for Sydney's Eastern Suburbs and South Sydney clubs in the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL) competition.	Paul Jelfs	rugby league player
occupation	Kim Matulova is an American fashion model, actress and jewelry maker.	Kim Matulova	model
occupation	Graciela Daniele (born December 8, 1939) is an Argentine-American dancer, choreographer, and theatre director.	Graciela Daniele	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Flavius Plinta (floruit 418--438) was a politician and general of the Eastern Roman Empire.	Plinta	politician
occupation	Earle L. Reynolds (October 18, 1910 -- January 11, 1998) was an anthropologist, educator, author, Quaker, and peace activist.	Earle L. Reynolds	anthropologist
occupation	Józef Szermentowski, or Szermętowski (1833-1876) was a Polish landscape painter; influenced by the Barbizon School.	Józef Szermentowski	painter
occupation	David T. Beito (born 1956) is a historian and professor of history at the University of Alabama.	David T. Beito	historian
occupation	Brad Field is an English professional rugby union player who is dual registered and plays for both Hartpury College R.F.C. and Gloucester	Brad Field	rugby union player
occupation	Sarah Gaugler is a Filipino-American tattoo artist, visual artist, designer, illustrator, model, actress and musician.	Sarah Gaugler	artist	model
occupation	Ian Boddy is a British electronic musician and composer.	Ian Boddy	composer
occupation	Anton Hahn (born 4 October 1984) is a German speed skater who is specialized in short distances.	Anton Hahn	speed skater
occupation	Newell Convers Wyeth (October 22, 1882 -- October 19, 1945), known as N. C. Wyeth, was an American artist and illustrator.	N. C. Wyeth	illustrator
occupation	Sharman DiVono is a science fiction novelist, short story writer and television writer.	Sharman DiVono	novelist
occupation	Natvar Bhavsar (born 1934) is an Indian - American artist, based in Soho, New York City for nearly 50 years, noted as an abstract expressionist and color field artist.	Natvar Bhavsar	artist
occupation	Andrew Rock (born January 23, 1982) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 400 meter dash.	Andrew Rock	sprinter
occupation	Quincy Howe (August 17, 1900 -- February 17, 1977) was an American journalist, best known for his CBS radio broadcasts during World War II. He was the son of Mark Anthony De Wolfe Howe.	Quincy Howe	journalist
occupation	Gregory Mugisha Muntuyera, commonly referred to as Mugisha Muntu, is a Ugandan politician and retired military officer.	Mugisha Muntu	politician
occupation	John Robert McCloskey (September 15, 1914 -- June 30, 2003) was an American writer and illustrator of children's books.	Robert McCloskey	writer	illustrator
occupation	After a 40-year career as a Belgian diplomat, baron Jan Grauls, born 12 February 1948, is now a senior advisor at EY (formerly known as Ernst & Young).	Jan Grauls	diplomat
occupation	Swinton O. Scott III is an animation director best known for his work on The Simpsons.	Swinton O. Scott III	animation director
occupation	Fenton Whitlock Booth (May 12, 1869 -- July 26, 1947) was an Illinois State Representative, and later a long-serving judge on the United States Court of Claims.	Fenton Whitlock Booth	judge
occupation	Amri Hernández-Pellerano is a Puerto Rican electronics engineer and scientist who designs, builds and tests the electronics that will regulate the solar array power in order to charge the spacecraft battery and distribute power to the different loads or users inside various spacecraft at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.	Amri Hernández-Pellerano	scientist
occupation	Matt Greenberg is an American screenwriter and producer, most notable for his work on the horror films Halloween H20: 20 Years Later and 1408.	Matt Greenberg	screenwriter
occupation	Kevin Pina is an American journalist, filmmaker and educator.	Kevin Pina	journalist
occupation	Peter Paul Felner (1884--1927) was an Austrian-Hungarian screenwriter and film director.	Peter Paul Felner	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Mark Cuban (born July 31, 1958) is an American businessman, investor, film producer, author, television personality and philanthropist.	Mark Cuban	film producer
occupation	Leila Williams (born 1937) is a former British beauty queen and television presenter.	Leila Williams	television presenter
occupation	Jane Dornacker (October 1, 1947 -- October 22, 1986) was an American rock musician, actress, and comedienne turned traffic reporter.	Jane Dornacker	musician
occupation	Kanwal Feroze is a Pakistani scholar, poet, writer and journalist.	Kanwal Feroze	journalist
occupation	Mrs. Edith Clampton was a pseudonymous writer to the ``Post Bag'' (the letters to the editor section) of the Thai English newspaper, the Bangkok Post.	Edith Clampton	writer
occupation	Seyed Karim Amiri Firuzkuhi or Firozkohi (Persian: سید کریم امیری فیروزکوهی) was a renowned contemporary Iranian poet.	Seyed Karim Amiri Firuzkuhi	poet
occupation	Saurav Mohapatra is an Indian comic book writer based out of California, USA.	Saurav Mohapatra	writer
occupation	Mark Dresser (born 1952 in Los Angeles) is an American double bass player and composer.	Mark Dresser	composer
occupation	Petar Čurović is a volleyball player from Montenegro, currently playing for NIS Vojvodina Novi Sad.	Petar Čurović	volleyball player
occupation	Ilmir Hazetdinov (Tatar: Илмир Ришат улы Хәзетдинов, Russian: Ильмир Ришатович Хазетдинов; born October 28, 1991 in Ufa) is a Russian ski jumper.	Ilmir Hazetdinov	ski jumper
occupation	Georgie Bingham (born London 1976) is a British radio and television presenter best known for her role as host of the Weekend Sports Breakfast on talkSPORT.	Georgie Bingham	television presenter
occupation	Vicki Sue Robinson (May 31, 1954 -- April 27, 2000) was an American theatre and film actress and singer, closely associated with the disco era of late 1970s pop music; she is most famous for her 1976 hit, ``Turn the Beat Around.''	Vicki Sue Robinson	singer
occupation	Halszka Osmólska (September 15, 1930 -- March 31, 2008) was a Polish paleontologist who had specialized in Mongolian dinosaurs.	Halszka Osmólska	paleontologist
occupation	Neil Risch is an American human geneticist and professor at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF).	Neil Risch	geneticist
occupation	Jonathan Firstenberg is an American television composer and music supervisor.	Jonathan Firstenberg	composer
occupation	Bob Ferrari is the drummer for the band Wild Minds, Dixie Whiskey and formerly the drummer for The Pink Spiders.	Bob Ferrari	drummer
occupation	John J. Bradley (1831 New York City -- August 24, 1891 Mahopac, Putnam County, New York) was an American politician from New York and one of the members of the infamous Tweed Ring.	John J. Bradley	politician
occupation	Rishi Bhutani is an Indian actor who made his debut with the Hindi movie Bolo Raam.	Rishi Bhutani	actor
occupation	Mervyn Sharp is a long distance swimmer from Weymouth, Dorset.	Mervyn Sharp	swimmer
occupation	Alan Forbes is a rock music poster artist.	Alan Forbes	artist
occupation	Paco Jamandreu (October 17, 1925 -- March 9, 1995) was an Argentine fashion designer and actor.	Paco Jamandreu	fashion designer
occupation	Francis Glisson (1599? -- 14 October 1677) was a British physician, anatomist, and writer on medical subjects.	Francis Glisson	anatomist
occupation	Kal Hourd (pronounced Hurd, born May 9) is a Canadian country music singer.	Kal Hourd	singer
occupation	Elvie Villasanta (died February 8, 2013) was a Filipino comedian.	Elvie Villasanta	comedian
occupation	Jacques Villain (French: (vilɛ̃); born March 13, 1934) is a French physicist.	Jacques Villain	physicist
occupation	Bill Emery (born 28 June 1951) is an engineer who has been the chief executive officer of the Office of Rail Regulation since 2005.	Bill Emery	engineer
occupation	Mary Beth McKenzie, N.A. (born 1946) is an American painter of contemporary figures in the realism style.	Mary Beth McKenzie	painter
occupation	Boris Banga (born August 9, 1949) is a Swiss politician and longtime mayor of Grenchen (1991--2013).	Boris Banga	politician
occupation	Ferenc Vozar (April 19, 1945 -- February 15, 1999) was a Hungarian-born ice hockey player who played for the West German national team.	Ferenc Vozar	ice hockey player
occupation	Garrett Weber-Gale (born August 6, 1985) is an American competition swimmer, two-time Olympic gold medalist, and world record-holder in two events.	Garrett Weber-Gale	swimmer
occupation	Sattar Bhagat (full name Abdul Sattar Bhagat) was a Pakistani cricketer who played for Kalat.	Sattar Bhagat	cricketer
occupation	Hugh Riminton (born 1961 in Sri Lanka) is a journalist, foreign correspondent and television news presenter.	Hugh Riminton	journalist
occupation	Hu Huanyong (simplified Chinese: 胡焕庸; traditional Chinese: 胡煥庸, November 20, 1901 -- April 30, 1998) was a Chinese demographer and the founder of China's population geography.	Hu Huanyong	demographer
occupation	Frans Hubert Edouard Arthur Walter Robyns, known as Walter Robyns, was a Belgian botanist.	Frans Hubert Edouard Arthur Walter Robyns	botanist
occupation	William Norman Pittenger (July 23, 1905 -- June 19, 1997) was an Anglican priest, teacher, and theologian.	Norman Pittenger	theologian
occupation	Daniel Nagrin (May 22, 1917 -- December 29, 2008) was an American modern dancer, choreographer, teacher, and author.	Daniel Nagrin	choreographer
occupation	Dr. Reinhold Ewald (born December 18, 1956) is a German physicist and ESA astronaut.	Reinhold Ewald	physicist	astronaut
occupation	Richard Whorf (June 4, 1906 -- December 14, 1966) was an American actor, author, director, and designer.	Richard Whorf	actor
occupation	Greg Watanabe is an American actor who played Isaac on the MyNetworkTV serial Watch Over Me.	Greg Watanabe	actor
occupation	Rev Dr. James Walshe DD was a catholic priest and Bishop in Kildare and Leighlin, before becoming a bishop he was President of Carlow College where he had previously been a professor.	James Walshe	priest
occupation	Johannes Schöning is a computer scientist best known for his research in ubiquitous computing, mobile computing, and human-computer interaction.	Johannes Schöning	scientist
occupation	Shawn Jordan (born October 24, 1984) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Heavyweight division.	Shawn Jordan	mixed martial artist
occupation	Chris Kilmore (born January 21, 1973) is an American musician and DJ. He is the turntablist and keyboardist of the rock band Incubus.	Chris Kilmore	musician
occupation	Maja Odžaklievska (Macedonian: Маја Оџаклиевска; born April 21, 1954 in Skopje), often credited as Maja Odzaklievska and Maja Odzaklijevska, is a Serbian and Macedonian singer and song-writer popular across the entire area of ex-Yugoslavia.	Maja Odžaklievska	singer
occupation	Saul Chaplin (February 19, 1912 -- November 15, 1997) was an American composer and musical director.	Saul Chaplin	composer
occupation	Selami Kolonja born October 25, 1969 in Struga, Macedonia is an Albanian singer and composer of over 120 songs.	Selami Kolonja	singer	composer
occupation	Matt Grabe (born 1985 in Phoenix, AZ) is a record producer based out of Los Angeles, California.	Matt Grabe	record producer
occupation	Maria Auböck (born 1951) is an Austrian landscape architect and educator.	Maria Auböck	landscape architect
occupation	Terino da Castelfiorentino (born 1230s/1240s) was a Florentine poet from Castelfiorentino in the Valdelsa.	Terino da Castelfiorentino	poet
occupation	Pierre Moreau (born December 12, 1957 in Vercheres, Quebec) is a lawyer and a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Pierre Moreau	lawyer	politician
occupation	Paul Roazen (August 14, 1936, in Boston -- November 3, 2005) was a political scientist who became a preeminent historian of psychoanalysis.	Paul Roazen	political scientist
occupation	Helen Cohan (September 13, 1910 -- September 14, 1996) was an American stage dancer and briefly a Hollywood film actress.	Helen Cohan	dancer
occupation	Steffan Rhodri (born 1 March 1967) is a Welsh film actor, best known for portraying Dave Coaches on Gavin & Stacey and as Reg Cattermole in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part I.	Steffan Rhodri	actor
occupation	Roman Stolyar (born December 6, 1967) is a Russian composer, piano improviser and educator.	Roman Stolyar	composer
occupation	Mitch MacDonald (born October 22, 1985 Port Hood) is a Canadian singer who was runner-up in season 6 of the reality series Canadian Idol.	Mitch MacDonald	singer
occupation	Vincent Pagano (born October 13, 1967 in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American film and television actor and screenwriter.	Vincent Pagano	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Chris Batchelor is a British jazz trumpeter and composer.	Chris Batchelor	trumpeter
occupation	Liu Chih-kung (Chinese: 劉志攻; pinyin: Liú Zhìgōng) is a diplomat in the Republic of China (ROC).	Liu Chih-kung	diplomat
occupation	Randall H. McGuire is an American archaeologist, known for his theoretical contributions to Marxist archaeology.	Randall H. McGuire	archaeologist
occupation	Mary Epworth is a British singer and songwriter who makes music influenced by traditional English songs, 60s west coast psychedelia, and Greek progressive rock.	Mary Epworth	singer
occupation	Jack Travis (born March 2, 1952) is an American interior designer, architect, author and educator based in Harlem, New York City.	Jack Travis	architect
occupation	Dean Mathey (November 23, 1890 -- April 16, 1972) was an American tennis player active in the early 20th century.	Dean Mathey	tennis player
occupation	Lawrence Steven Bliss, commonly known as Larry Bliss, is an American educator and former politician from the state of Maine.	Larry Bliss	politician
occupation	Carlos Eduardo Kuhrau (born July 12, 1981), also known as Carlos Eduardo Rocha, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.	Carlos Eduardo Rocha	mixed martial artist
occupation	Thakin Ohn Myint (Burmese: သခင် အုန်းမြင့်) was a notable Burmese journalist, best known for his political involvement in British Burma.	Ohn Myint	journalist
occupation	Charles F. Lettow (born February 10, 1941) is a judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, appointed to that court in 2003 by President George W. Bush.	Charles F. Lettow	judge
occupation	Matthew Josephson (February 15, 1899 -- March 13, 1978) was an American journalist and author of works on nineteenth-century French literature and twentieth-century American economic history.	Matthew Josephson	journalist
occupation	Abu al-Sha'tha Jābir ibn Zayd al-Zahrani al-Azdi was a Muslim theologian and one of the founding figures of the Ibadis, the third major denomination of Islam.	Jābir ibn Zayd	theologian
occupation	Jim Donnelly (born June 13, 1946) is a Scottish former professional snooker player who now coaches.	Jim Donnelly	snooker player
occupation	Tom Gerety, a lawyer, philosopher, is the former president of both Trinity College (Connecticut) (1989-1994) and Amherst College (1994--2003).	Tom Gerety	philosopher
occupation	Louis Mendes (born June 5, 1940) is a photographer from New York City who is known for his signature press camera, portraits and street portraits.	Louis Mendes	photographer
occupation	Niara Sudarkasa (born August 14, 1938) is an American scholar, educator, Africanist and anthropologist who holds thirteen honorary degrees, and is the recipient of nearly 100 civic and professional awards.	Niara Sudarkasa	anthropologist
occupation	Jacob Ziv (Hebrew: יעקב זיו‎; born 1931) is an Israeli electrical engineer who, along with Abraham Lempel, developed the LZ family of lossless data compression algorithms.	Jacob Ziv	engineer
occupation	Kerry Gene Adkisson (February 3, 1960 -- February 18, 1993) was an American professional wrestler under the ring names Kerry Von Erich, The Modern Day Warrior and The Texas Tornado.	Kerry Von Erich	professional wrestler
occupation	Terrance Carroll (born January 16, 1969) is an American lawyer, minister, former Colorado legislator and former Speaker of the Colorado House of Representatives, the first African American ever to hold that office in Colorado.	Terrance Carroll	lawyer
occupation	Alois Provazník (January 9, 1856 in Prague -- January 31, 1938 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou) was a Czech composer and musical pedagogue.	Alois Provazník	composer
occupation	Brian Jude is an American screenwriter, film producer, director, actor, internet radio host and motivational speaker.	Brian Jude	screenwriter
occupation	Joshua Sinclair (born May 7, 1953) is an American writer, producer, actor and director born in New York.	Joshua Sinclair	writer	actor
occupation	Vadal Peterson (May 2, 1892 -- September 1, 1976) was an American basketball coach with the distinction of coaching the most wins in University of Utah history.	Vadal Peterson	basketball coach
occupation	Len Lungo is a Scottish champion race horse trainer and former jockey.	Len Lungo	horse trainer	jockey
occupation	Dr. Hilowle Imam Omar is a Somali politician who hails from the Harti abgaal clan (a subclan of abgaal).	Hilowle Imam Omar	politician
occupation	John Hunter Herndon (1813-1878) was a planter, lawyer, and judge in Texas.	John Hunter Herndon	lawyer
occupation	Giovanni di Giacomo Gavazzi, also called Giacomo Gavasio (16th-century) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance style.	Giovanni di Giacomo Gavazzi	painter
occupation	Pedro Adigue, Jr (born November 16, 1943) was a world champion boxer.	Pedro Adigue	boxer
occupation	Elphas Mukonoweshuro was a Zimbabwean political scientist and politician.	Elphas Mukonoweshuro	politician
occupation	Julian Wagstaff (born 1970) is a Scottish composer of classical music, musical theatre and opera.	Julian Wagstaff	composer
occupation	Dag Frogner (born 29 May 1929) is a Norwegian painter and scenographer.	Dag Frogner	painter
occupation	George Provis (1908--1989) was a British art director who worked on over a hundred films during a lengthy career.	George Provis	art director
occupation	John Paul White is an American singer-songwriter, and was a member of the Grammy Award-winning duo The Civil Wars.	John Paul White	singer-songwriter
occupation	Fidel Pintos (August 29, 1905 -- May 11, 1974) was an Argentine comedy film actor.	Fidel Pintos	actor
occupation	Nathaniel Greene Foster (August 25, 1809 -- October 19, 1869) was an American politician, lawyer, and military officer.	Nathaniel Greene Foster	politician	lawyer
occupation	Kelvin Tong Weng Kian (Simplified Chinese: 唐永健) is a Singaporean film director, screenwriter and producer.	Kelvin Tong	film director
occupation	Roswitha Augusta is an American entrepreneur, and filmmaker.	Roswitha Augusta	entrepreneur
occupation	Jim Conroy (born February 6, 1977) is an American voice actor and television writer.	Jim Conroy	voice actor
occupation	William Raoul Reagle Transue (January 31, 1937 -- December 17, 2008) was an American mathematician and topologist.	William Raoul Reagle Transue	mathematician
occupation	Jay Blakesberg (born December 1, 1961) is an American, San Francisco-based, photographer and film maker.	Jay Blakesberg	photographer
occupation	Werner Aro (17 August 1873, Hausjärvi - 24 November 1929; original surname Flink) was a Finnish tailor and politician.	Werner Aro	politician
occupation	Stella Southern was an Australian actor best known for her performances in the silent films A Girl of the Bush (1921) and The Bushwhackers (1925).	Stella Southern	actor
occupation	Giovanni Battista Recchi was an Italian painter of the 17th century, a pupil of Pier Francesco Mazzucchelli, and brother of Giovanni Paolo Recchi.	Giovanni Battista Recchi	painter
occupation	Luke Clippinger (born September 24, 1972) is an American politician and lawyer from Maryland.	Luke Clippinger	politician
occupation	Paul Hipp (born July 16, 1963) is an American actor, singer, songwriter and filmmaker.	Paul Hipp	actor
occupation	Oludemilade Martin Alejo (born January 29, 1993), popularly known by his stage name YCEE, is a Nigerian rapper and songwriter currently signed to Tinny Entertainment.	YCEE	rapper
occupation	Mara Corday (born Marilyn Joan Watts on January 3, 1930) is a showgirl, model, actress, Playboy Playmate and a 1950s cult figure.	Mara Corday	model	Playboy Playmate
occupation	Jason Ensler is an American film director, television director, producer, and screenwriter.	Jason Ensler	film director
occupation	Clara Mathilda Faisst (22 June 1872 -- 22 November 1948) was a German pianist, composer and writer.	Clara Mathilda Faisst	composer
occupation	Christina Machamer (born March 13, 1982) is an American chef who won the fourth season of Fox Network's reality cooking show Hell's Kitchen.	Christina Machamer	chef
occupation	Jayant Prasad is a former Indian diplomat who is Director General of the Delhi-based Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, a think-tank affiliated with the Indian Ministry of Defence.	Jayant Prasad	diplomat
occupation	Radomir Belaćević was a Serbian film director, actor, producer and a writer.	Radomir Belaćević	film director
occupation	Frederick William Kaess (December 1, 1910 -- March 30, 1979) was a United States federal judge, chief judge 1972-75 in the Eastern District of Michigan.	Frederick William Kaess	judge
occupation	Carl Otte (June 24, 1924 -- January 13, 2011) was an American Democratic politician and legislator from Wisconsin.	Carl Otte	politician
occupation	John Blennerhassett Martin (September 5, 1797 - October 27, 1857), was an American painter, engraver and lithographer.	John Blennerhassett Martin	painter
occupation	Nahum Tevet (Hebrew: נחום טבת‎) is an Israeli sculptor.	Nahum Tevet	sculptor
occupation	Jane Arraf is a journalist currently based in the Middle East for Al Jazeera English.	Jane Arraf	journalist
occupation	NeonSeon is the pen name of American writer and illustrator Seon Ricks.	NeonSeon	writer
occupation	Domhnall mac Dáire Mac Bruaideadha (fl. c. 1600) was an Irish poet.	Domhnall mac Dáire Mac Bruaideadha	poet
occupation	Tim Mohr is a New York-based translator, writer, and editor.	Tim Mohr	translator
occupation	Juliet Dunlop is a Scottish freelance broadcast journalist.	Juliet Dunlop	journalist
occupation	Manoa Rasigatale is a Fijian politician and television personality.	Manoa Rasigatale	politician
occupation	Caroline Cave is a Canadian film, television and stage actor, known for her roles in the films This Beautiful City, One Week, The War Bride and Saw VI, and the television series Cra$h & Burn.	Caroline Cave	actor
occupation	Ray Atherton (March 28, 1883 -- March 14, 1960) was a United States diplomat who served as the first United States Ambassador to Canada (1943--48).	Ray Atherton	diplomat
occupation	Brian Stauffer (born May 20, 1966 in Prescott, Arizona) is an American artist, and illustrator.	Brian Stauffer	artist
occupation	Perry Arthur Satullo (born October 25, 1966) is an American professional wrestler known by his ring name, Perry Saturn.	Perry Saturn	professional wrestler
occupation	Jan Gniński (died c.1685) was a Polish-Lithuanian diplomat, Treasurer of the Crown Court.	Jan Gniński	diplomat
occupation	Vic Roschkov Sr. is a Canadian editorial cartoonist and illustrator, now living in London, Ontario, Canada.	Vic Roschkov Sr.	cartoonist
occupation	Nazir Leghari (Urdu: نذیر لغاری‎, born 11 November) is a Pakistani journalist and known among his colleagues and fellow journalists as a fearless, humble and thorough professional.	Nazir Leghari	journalist
occupation	Aymeric Picaud was a 12th-century French scholar, monk and pilgrim from Parthenay-le-Vieux in Poitou.	Aymeric Picaud	monk
occupation	Darrel Verner Heald (August 27, 1919 -- August 8, 2010) was a lawyer and political figure in Saskatchewan and a Canadian federal judge.	Darrel Verner Heald	judge
occupation	Graciliano Ramos de Oliveira (October 27, 1892 -- March 20, 1953) was a Brazilian modernist writer, politician and journalist.	Graciliano Ramos	writer	politician	journalist
occupation	Sidney Grapes was a British comedian, the owner of a bicycle shop and later a garage in Potter Heigham, a village in northeast Norfolk.	Sidney Grapes	comedian
occupation	Enrique Moreno (born December 28, 1955) is a personal-injury and product liability lawyer in El Paso, Texas and a former federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.	Enrique Moreno	lawyer
occupation	Jakub Węgrzynkiewicz (born July 21, 1928 in Szczyrk, died June 20, 2006 in Szczyrk) was a Polish ski jumper who competed from 1952 to 1957.	Jakub Węgrzynkiewicz	ski jumper
occupation	Omar Sosa (born April 10, 1965) is a Cuban-born composer, bandleader, and jazz pianist.	Omar Sosa	composer	pianist
occupation	Mark Michael Hutchinson is an actor who won the 1993 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical for his performance as Eddie in Blood Brothers.	Mark Michael Hutchinson	actor
occupation	Chhet Sovan Panya (also romanised as ``Chhet Sovan Panha'', ``Chhet Sovannpanha'' or ``ឈិត សុវណ្ណបញ្ញា'', born January 9, 1986) is a Cambodian singer.	Chhet Sovan Panya	singer
occupation	Howard Nathaniel Lee (born July 28, 1934 in Georgia) is an American politician from the U.S. state of North Carolina.	Howard Nathaniel Lee	politician
occupation	Lamar Stringfield (October 10, 1897 -- January 21, 1959) was a classical composer, ﬂutist, symphony conductor, and anthologist of American folk music.	Lamar Stringfield	conductor
occupation	Arthur Edmund Carewe (December 30, 1884 -- April 22, 1937) was an Armenian-American stage and film actor of the silent and early sound film era.	Arthur Edmund Carewe	actor
occupation	Damian Stanisław Wandycz (January 2, 1892 (Dobrzyń) -- May 12, 1974) was a Polish-American émigré social and political activist, engineer, chemist, as well as a petroleum and natural gas industrialist.	Damian Stanisław Wandycz	engineer
occupation	John Venimore Godwin was an early photographer and Mayor of Bradford in 1865-1866.	John Venimore Godwin	photographer
occupation	Emery Dobyns is an American record producer, engineer mixer and songwriter, formerly based in Manhattan in New York City, but now based in Nashville.	Emery Dobyns	engineer
occupation	Bentley Mitchum (born February 22, 1967) is an American actor who has appeared in about 40 films and TV series, including Sundance grand jury prize winner Ruby in Paradise, Man in the Moon, The Wonder Years, Conviction, Susie Q, Meatballs 4 and Demonic Toys and Shark Attack.	Bentley Mitchum	actor
occupation	József Kossics, also known in Slovene as Jožef Košič (around October 9, 1788 -- December 26, 1867), was a Hungarian-Slovenian writer, Catholic priest, ethnologist, linguist, poet, and historian.	József Kossics	Catholic priest	poet
occupation	Jay McCarroll (born October 11, 1974) is a fashion designer who gained fame after winning the debut season of the competitive reality show Project Runway in 2005.	Jay McCarroll	fashion designer
occupation	Earl Shorris (Chicago, June 25, 1936 -- New York City, May 27, 2012) was an American writer and social critic.	Earl Shorris	writer
occupation	Buck Ram (November 21, 1907 -- January 1, 1991), also known as Ande Rand, Lynn Paul or Jean Miles, was an American songwriter, and popular music producer and arranger.	Buck Ram	songwriter
occupation	Seongho Cha (also known as Jimmy Cha) is a South Korean ballet and classical Chinese dancer currently with the New York-based Shen Yun Performing Arts.	Seongho Cha	dancer
occupation	Tamrat Layne (born 1965) is an Ethiopian former politician and a converted born-again Christian.	Tamrat Layne	politician
occupation	Gavin Devlin is a two-time All-Ireland winning Gaelic football player who plays for Ardboe.	Gavin Devlin	Gaelic football player
occupation	Steven Alan (born 'Steven Alan Grossman') is an American fashion designer, and founder of the chain of Steven Alan boutiques and Steven Alan Collection, a heritage-inspired line of men's and women's casual wear.	Steven Alan	fashion designer
occupation	Bethenny Frankel (born November 4, 1970) is an American reality television personality, talk show host, author, chef, and entrepreneur.	Bethenny Frankel	chef
occupation	Craig Ricci Shaynak (born July 14, 1969), sometimes credited as Craig Shaynak, is a character actor based in Los Angeles, CA.	Craig Ricci Shaynak	actor
occupation	Alex Agnew (born December 22, 1972) is a Belgian stand-up comedian and hard rock vocalist.	Alex Agnew	stand-up comedian	vocalist
occupation	Hala Jaber is a Lebanese-British journalist.	Hala Jaber	journalist
occupation	Jean Lafitte (c. 1780 -- c. 1823) was a French-American pirate and privateer in the Gulf of Mexico in the early 19th century.	Jean Lafitte	privateer
occupation	Gwendolyn Willow Wilson (born August 31, 1982), known professionally as G. Willow Wilson, is an American comics writer, prose author, essayist, and journalist.	G. Willow Wilson	comics writer	journalist
occupation	Braden Danner (/ˈbreɪdɛn dænnər/ BRAY-den DAN-ner; born July 13, 1975) is an American actor, writer, director and producer who has worked in theatre, television, and film.	Braden Danner	actor
occupation	A. Sarkunam (Tamil: சற்குணம்) is an Indian film director, working in the Tamil film industry.	A. Sarkunam	film director
occupation	El Kazovsky (July 13, 1948 -- July 21, 2008) was a Russian-born Hungarian painter; one of the leading Hungarian painters of his time.	El Kazovsky	painter
occupation	James Melcher (born November 5, 1939) is an American hedge fund manager and former Olympic fencer.	James Melcher	fencer
occupation	Carlos Berrocal (born May 18, 1957) is a former backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico.	Carlos Berrocal	swimmer
occupation	Taegoon (born Kim Tae Goon; Korean: 김태군; born January 17, 1986) is a Korean pop singer and dancer.	Taegoon	singer
occupation	Renê Nazare-Azevedo, also known as simply Nazare, is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who previously competed Bellator's Lightweight division.	Renê Nazare	mixed martial artist
occupation	The Hernandez brothers, also known as Los Bros Hernandez, are the three American cartoonist brothers Mario (b. 1953), Gilbert (b. 1957), and Jaime Hernandez (b. 1959).	Hernandez brothers	cartoonist
occupation	Johann Heinrich Pabst (January 25, 1785 -- July 28, 1838) was a German-Austrian physician, philosopher and lay theologian who was a native of Lindau in Eichsfeld.	Johann Heinrich Pabst	philosopher
occupation	Robert W. Wiley is a Republican United States politician from Rockingham County, New Hampshire .	Robert W. Wiley	politician
occupation	Gareth Morton (born in Perth, Scotland) is a Scottish rugby league player.	Gareth Morton	rugby league player
occupation	José Ingenieros (April 24, 1877 -- October 31, 1925) was an Argentine physician, pharmaceutic, positivist philosopher and essayist.	José Ingenieros	philosopher
occupation	Harvey Magee Watterson (November 23, 1811 -- October 1, 1891) was an American lawyer, newspaper editor, and politician.	Harvey Magee Watterson	lawyer	politician
occupation	Bob Drogin is a journalist who covers intelligence and national security in the Washington bureau of the Los Angeles Times.	Bob Drogin	journalist
occupation	Li Yao (born 1992) is a Chinese handball player.	Li Yao	handball player
occupation	Cory Lopez is an elite professional surfer born on March 21, 1977 in Dunedin, Florida, USA.	Cory Lopez	surfer
occupation	Robert K. Cousins is a contemporary American playwright and founding contributor to phenomenalism, a neo-existential 'post post modern' approach to theatre that has grown out of the experimental performance work staged by Odd Act Theatre Group.	Robert K. Cousins	playwright
occupation	Henriette Nissen-Saloman, (January 18, 1819 -- August 27, 1879), was a Swedish opera singer (mezzosoprano) and singing pedagogue.	Henriette Nissen-Saloman	opera singer
occupation	Róbert Lovas (date of birth unknown), PhD, is a Hungarian computer scientist at MTA-SZTAKI, Budapest, Hungary.	Róbert Lovas	computer scientist
occupation	Alfred Solman (May 6, 1868 -- November 15, 1937) was a prominent composer of popular songs in America in the first two decades of the twentieth century.	Alfred Solman	composer
occupation	Aziz Salihu (born May 1, 1954 in Pristina, Yugoslavia) is a retired Super heavyweight boxer of Kosovar Albanian descent.	Aziz Salihu	boxer
occupation	Mike Walls (born December 10, 1972), better known as Mr. Mike, is an American rapper best known for his time spent with Suave House Records from the mid to late 90s.	Mr. Mike	rapper
occupation	Joe M. Turner (born November 23, 1969) is an American magician, mentalist, and professional speaker.	Joe M. Turner	magician
occupation	Ellen Forney (born March 8, 1968) is a cartoonist and teacher based in Seattle, Washington, whose work has been published by Fantagraphics Books and The Stranger (an alternative newspaper), among other publications.	Ellen Forney	cartoonist
occupation	John Plowman was an architect based in Oxford, England.	John Plowman	architect
occupation	Lucho Avilés (born in Montevideo, Uruguay in 1938) is an Uruguayan-born Argentine journalist and television presenter.	Lucho Avilés	journalist	television presenter
occupation	Josiah Grout, Jr. (May 28, 1841 -- July 19, 1925) was an American lawyer and politician in the US state of Vermont.	Josiah Grout	lawyer	politician
occupation	Fito Blanko (born Roberto E. Testa) is a Panamanian-Canadian Tropical Urban singer/songwriter from Mississauga, Ontario.	Fito Blanko	singer
occupation	Richard Coe Henders (July 6, 1853 -- May 2, 1932) was a Canadian farmer, Methodist minister, and politician.	Richard Coe Henders	politician
occupation	Anja McCloskey (born c. 1982) is a German-American singer-songwriter signed to UK (United Kingdom) label Sotones Records.	Anja McCloskey	singer-songwriter
occupation	Hopwood DePree is an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Hopwood DePree	actor	film director
occupation	Jeff Dye is an American comedian and actor who has hosted two series for MTV--	Jeff Dye	actor
occupation	Ernesto Zavala (born December 2, 1972 in Burbank, California) is a Mexican-American professional boxer in the Welterweight division.	Ernesto Zavala	boxer
occupation	José Bianco (1908--1986) was an Argentine essayist, translator and writer.	José Bianco	writer
occupation	Florian Cajori (February 28, 1859 -- August 14 or 15, 1930) was a Swiss-American historian of mathematics.	Florian Cajori	historian of mathematics
occupation	G. Gordon Hurlburt was a Toronto politician and Toronto Transit Commission Chairman in the 1970s.	G. Gordon Hurlburt	politician
occupation	Carla Piluso is an American politician and former police officer.	Carla Piluso	politician
occupation	Erik Kilpatrick is an American actor who is best known for playing Curtis Jackson on the CBS television series The White Shadow.	Erik Kilpatrick	actor
occupation	Pete Snyder (born August 5, 1972) is an American entrepreneur and marketing executive who is best known as the founder and former chief executive officer of New Media Strategies (NMS), a social media marketing agency that he started in 1999.	Pete Snyder	entrepreneur
occupation	Wulfad was ordained a priest by Archbishop Ebbo of Reims, who had been deposed in 835 and re-instated in 840.	Wulfad	priest
occupation	Jon-Erik Hexum (November 5, 1957 -- October 18, 1984) was an American model and actor.	Jon-Erik Hexum	actor
occupation	Dannell Stevens, better known as D-Shot is an American rapper from Vallejo, California.	D-Shot	rapper
occupation	Diane Pfister is an American artist and art lecturer whose work was first recognized in London, England, and other territories of the United Kingdom.	Diane Pfister	artist
occupation	Thomas Hübner (born April 9, 1980), better known by his stage name Clueso (pronounced (klyˈzo)), is a German singer, rapper, songwriter and producer.	Clueso	songwriter
occupation	Mit 1074 Aufgaben und vollständigen Lösungen auf CD-ROM (Springer, 2003, 2005) Christian Gerthsen, author and Dieter Meschede, editor Gerthsen Physik (Springer; 23 edition, 2007) This textbook is cited as having 1157 pages.	Christian Gerthsen	author
occupation	Brad Garfield (born June 18, 1957) is a television director who won two Emmys, for his role as part of the team covering the Atlanta and Sydney Olympics for NBC.	Brad Garfield	television director
occupation	Winai Senniam (? - October 20, 2009) was a Thai politician and parliamentarian who served in the House of Representatives of Thailand.	Winai Senniam	politician
occupation	Dave Johns is an English stand-up comedian, writer and actor.	Dave Johns	comedian
occupation	Hedvig Ulrika De la Gardie was given the portraits of the Russian empresses, was given and served as lady-in-waiting to the Empress in 1820-1822.	Hedvig Ulrika De la Gardie	lady-in-waiting
occupation	Jakub Świnka (died March 4, 1314) was a Polish Catholic priest, the Archbishop of Gniezno and a notable politician, supporter of the idea of unification of all Polish lands under the rule of Władysław I the Elbow-high (``the Short'').	Jakub Świnka	priest
occupation	Estefania Cortes-Vargas (born 1991) is a Canadian politician who was elected in the Alberta general election, 2015 to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the electoral district of Strathcona-Sherwood Park as a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party.	Estefania Cortes-Vargas	politician
occupation	Neil Fitzwiliam is an English actor who has made several appearances in theatre, film and television productions.	Neil Fitzwiliam	actor
occupation	Rick Seibold (/ˈsaɪboʊld/ SY-bohld; born April 16, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter from Wilmington, North Carolina, now based in Los Angeles, CA.	Rick Seibold	singer-songwriter
occupation	Unni Kristiansen is a former Norwegian biathlete.	Unni Kristiansen	biathlete
occupation	Harold Hongju Koh (Hangul: 고홍주; hanja: 高洪柱; born December 8, 1954) is an American lawyer and legal scholar.	Harold Hongju Koh	lawyer
occupation	Owen Von Richter (born April 7, 1975) is a Canadian former competitive swimmer who swam in the mixed-stroke medley events in international championships.	Owen Von Richter	swimmer
occupation	Bruce Kingma (born October 4, 1961 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American economist and academic entrepreneur.	Bruce Kingma	economist
occupation	MF Cardamone, also known as Maryfran Cardamone (born December 24, 1958), is an American born contemporary artist who works primarily in painting and printmaking.	MF Cardamone	artist
occupation	Helen Vatsikopoulos is an Australian journalist and news presenter for the Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).	Helen Vatsikopoulos	journalist
occupation	Gil Troy (born 1961) is an American presidential historian and a popular commentator on politics and other issues.	Gil Troy	historian
occupation	Mario López Valdez (born January 18, 1957 in Cubiri de la Loma, Sinaloa), popularly known as Malova, is a Mexican businessman and politician, a member of the National Action Party.	Mario López Valdez	politician
occupation	Ivy Ho Sai-Hong (Chinese: 岸西) is a Hong Kong screenwriter and film director.	Ivy Ho	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Akis Katsoupakis (Greek : Άκης Κατσουπάκης) is a Greek musician, arranger and record producer.	Akis Katsoupakis	musician	record producer
occupation	Mo Cassara (born July 10, 1973) is an American basketball coach and was Hofstra University's head men's coach from 2010-2013.	Mo Cassara	basketball coach
occupation	Patrick Stolley (born July 31, 1970) is an American audio engineer, singer, songwriter, and producer.	Patrick Stolley	audio engineer	singer, songwriter
occupation	Jean-Marie Robine (born ca 1960) is a French demographer and gerontologist who is best known as being the co-validator of the Jeanne Calment case, the oldest verified supercentenarian of all time, whom he has also collaborated with.	Jean-Marie Robine	demographer
occupation	Stefan Arngrim (born December 23, 1955), sometimes credited as Stephan Arngrim, is a Canadian actor and former child actor.	Stefan Arngrim	actor
occupation	Yonason Sacks is an Orthodox rabbi and the Rosh Yeshiva of Lander College for Men, a division of Touro College, as well as the spiritual leader of the Agudas Yisroel of Passaic Park in Passaic, New Jersey.	Yonason Sacks	rabbi
occupation	Shelomo Selinger (born May 31, 1928) is a French-Israeli sculptor and artist, living and working in Paris since 1956.	Shelomo Selinger	sculptor
occupation	Wayne M. Meyers, MD, PhD is an American physician, microbiologist, chemist, humanitarian, and medical missionary.	Wayne M. Meyers	missionary
occupation	Madhukar Bhosale (Marathi: मधुकर भोसले) is an Indian politician.	Madhukar Bhosale	politician
occupation	Linda Kaye Henning (born September 16, 1944) is an American actress and singer most notable for starring in the 1960s sitcom Petticoat Junction.	Linda Kaye Henning	singer
occupation	Ben Pon was a personal friend of Formula One driver Carel Godin de Beaufort.	Ben Pon	Formula One driver
occupation	Michel Étiévent (born 10 July 1947) is a French journalist, historian and writer.	Michel Étiévent	journalist	historian
occupation	Johann Helfrich von Müller (January 16, 1746 -- 1830) was an engineer in the Hessian army who conceived the Difference Engine in 1786, an idea that later evolved into modern computers.	Johann Helfrich von Müller	engineer
occupation	William Lamb Picknell (October 23, 1853 -- August 8, 1897) was a United States painter of landscapes, coastal views, and figure genres, known for his rapid painting style.	William Lamb Picknell	painter
occupation	Vondie Curtis-Hall (born September 30, 1956) is an American actor, screenwriter, film director and television director.	Vondie Curtis-Hall	actor	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Matt Kelty, is an Indiana politician, an architect and founder of Kelty Tappy Design.	Matt Kelty	architect
occupation	Joe Regalbuto (born August 24, 1949) is an American actor and director known for his role as Frank Fontana on the CBS television comedy Murphy Brown.	Joe Regalbuto	actor
occupation	Rafi Escudero (born December 30, 1945) is a Puerto Rican musician, singer, composer, poet and a political activist.	Rafi Escudero	singer	composer
occupation	Joby Baker (born March 26, 1934) is a Canadian born actor and painter.	Joby Baker	actor	painter
occupation	Jeremy Ellis (15 February 1866 -- 14 August 1943) was an English cricketer active from 1892 to 1898 who played for Lancashire.	Jeremy Ellis	cricketer
occupation	Marina Köhncke (née Loheit, born March 8, 1968 in Hamburg-Wandsbek) is a German equestrian rider, who competes in Eventing competitions.	Marina Köhncke	equestrian
occupation	Carla Robbins is an American journalist and the former deputy editorial page editor of The New York Times.	Carla Robbins	journalist
occupation	Douglas Dryburgh (born 30 January 1966 in Kirkcaldy, Scotland) is an olympic curler.	Douglas Dryburgh	curler
occupation	Ken Peplowski (born May 23, 1959) is a jazz clarinetist and tenor saxophonist born in Cleveland, Ohio, known primarily for playing in the swing music idiom.	Ken Peplowski	clarinetist
occupation	John Carter Cash, having been involved in music all his life, spends much of his time working as a record producer.	John Carter Cash	record producer
occupation	In his early age, Tohpati was already interested in becoming a musician and often played on many shows around Jakarta, although it was not as a professional career.	Tohpati	musician
occupation	Andrew Housser is a financial expert and entrepreneur who co-founded, with Bradford Stroh, Freedom Financial Network, which provides consumer finance services through its divisions:	Andrew Housser	entrepreneur
occupation	Joey Pollari (born April 9, 1994) is an American actor best known for his role as Tyler in the Disney XD first original movie, Skyrunners, which premiered on November 27, 2009.	Joey Pollari	actor
occupation	Ed Cuff, Jr. (born August 15, 1961) is an American amateur golfer.	Ed Cuff, Jr.	golfer
occupation	Leonard King Lesser (December 3, 1922 -- February 16, 2011) was an American actor, known as Len Lesser.	Len Lesser	actor
occupation	Wilfrid-Étienne Brunet (October 21, 1832 -- March 7, 1899) was a Canadian pharmacist and the founder of the company Brunet.	Wilfrid-Étienne Brunet	pharmacist
occupation	Katrín Fjeldsted (born November 6, 1946) is an Icelandic politician and medical doctor.	Katrín Fjeldsted	politician
occupation	Booth Savage (born May 21, 1948) is a Canadian film, stage, and television veteran actor.	Booth Savage	actor
occupation	Daniel Sturm (born December 27, 1970) is a German-American progressive journalist, researcher and author.	Daniel Sturm	journalist
occupation	Sadraldin Mustafa Sheykhoghlu (Turkish: Sadrüddin Mustafa Şeyhoğlu) (1340/1341 -- ~1410) was Turkish poet and translator who had major influence on Ottoman diwan poetry especially the masnavi genre.	Mustafa Sheykhoghlu	poet	translator
occupation	Jason Bredle (February 16, 1976 -- ) is an American poet and translator.	Jason Bredle	poet
occupation	Antiochus of Ascalon (/ænˈtaɪəkəs/; Greek: Άντίοχος ὁ Ἀσκαλώνιος; c. 125 -- c. 68 BC) was an Academic philosopher.	Antiochus of Ascalon	philosopher
occupation	Hossein Ardabili (born 1297 hegira in Ardabil, died 20th of Ramadhan 1336 Hegria) was an Iranian politician.	Hossein Ardabili	politician
occupation	Nancy Rubin Stuart (née Nancy R. Zimman; b.1944 ), also known as Nancy Rubin, is an author, journalist, Executive Director of the Cape Cod Writers Center, and a board member of the Women Writing Women's Lives Seminar for the City University of New York Graduate Center.	Nancy Rubin Stuart	journalist
occupation	Ivory Joe Hunter (October 10, 1914 -- November 8, 1974) was an American rhythm and blues singer, songwriter, and pianist.	Ivory Joe Hunter	singer, songwriter	pianist
occupation	Madoka Harada (原田窓香, born December 15, 1985) is a Japanese luger who has competed since 2004.	Madoka Harada	luger
occupation	Johann Karl Wilhelm Vatke, known as Wilhelm Vatke (March 14, 1806 - April 18, 1882), German Protestant theologian, was born at Behnsdorf, near Magdeburg.	Johann Karl Wilhelm Vatke	theologian
occupation	Thomas N. George (born May 2, 1938 in Worcester, Massachusetts ) is a Massachusetts politician who represented the First Barnstable District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1997--2005 and served 25 years as the Town Moderator of Yarmouth, Massachusetts.	Thomas N. George	politician
occupation	Brian D. Levine is a Republican politician from Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, who has served on the Somerset County Board of Chosen Freeholders since 2015, prior to which he had served as mayor of Franklin Township a community with more than 60,000 residents.	Brian D. Levine	politician
occupation	Patrick J. Miller is a computer scientist and high performance parallel applications developer with a Ph.D. in Computer Science from University of California, Davis, in run-time error detection and correction.	Patrick J. Miller	computer scientist
occupation	Khondokar Mohammad Rajin Saleh Alam (Bengali: খন্দকার মোহাম্মদ রাজিন সালেহ আলম) (born November 20, 1983, in Sylhet) is a Bangladeshi cricketer.	Rajin Saleh	cricketer
occupation	Charles McEwen Hyde (1832--1899) was a Congregationalist missionary who arrived in Hawaii in 1877.	Charles McEwen Hyde	missionary
occupation	Tony Mauro is an American journalist and author who has covered the United States Supreme Court since 1979, most recently for The National Law Journal and other ALM publications.	Tony Mauro	journalist
occupation	Robert Smigel (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor, humorist, comedian and writer known for his Saturday Night Live ``TV Funhouse'' cartoon shorts and as the puppeteer and voice behind Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog.	Robert Smigel	actor	puppeteer
occupation	Jay Bulger (b. August 19, 1982) is an American film director and writer from Washington, D.C.	Jay Bulger	film director
occupation	Begum Tahira Bukhari is a Pakistani politician and parliamentarian.	Begum Tahira Bukhari	politician
occupation	Smeep Kang is a Punjabi actor, film producer and director.	Smeep Kang	actor	film producer
occupation	Maestro Giorgio Santelli (November 25, 1897 -- October 8, 1985) was a fencer and fencing master who was the largest mid-20th century influence in raising the quality and popularity of fencing in the United States, and creator of one of the best-known fencing equipment manufacturers.	Giorgio Santelli	fencer
occupation	Brad Cohen is an American motivational speaker, teacher, school administrator, and author who has severe Tourette syndrome (TS).	Brad Cohen	teacher
occupation	Jamie Lee Rattray (born September 30, 1992) is a Canadian women's ice hockey player for the Brampton Thunder.	Jamie Lee Rattray	ice hockey player
occupation	Charles S. Martz (November 21, 1903 -- April 5, 1966) was an American photographer, painter, inventor and entrepreneur.	Charles S. Martz	photographer	painter
occupation	Christy Haubegger (born August 15, 1968) is the founder of Latina magazine and a film producer, and has received numerous awards for her work.	Christy Haubegger	film producer
occupation	Jamie Drummond (born November 7, 1971) is a Canadian sommelier, wine consultant, and writer who acts as Senior Editor and Director of Programs for Toronto not-for-profit Good Food Revolution.	Jamie Drummond	sommelier
occupation	Rahul Ram is an Indian bass guitarist, social activist and music composer.	Rahul Ram	composer
occupation	Madeleine Monette is a Canadian novelist, short story writer, and poet from Quebec.	Madeleine Monette	novelist	writer
occupation	Samuel Edwin McKim (October 31, 1868 - March 31, 1942) was an actor and director of American silent films.	Edwin McKim	actor
occupation	Chris Koster (born August 31, 1964) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Missouri and is the current Attorney General of Missouri.	Chris Koster	politician
occupation	Ebba Tove Elsa Nilsson (born October 29, 1987), better known by her stage name Tove Lo (/ˌtoʊvˈloʊ/ TOHV LOH Swedish pronunciation: (ˈtuːˈvɛ ˈluː)), is a Swedish singer and songwriter.	Tove Lo	singer	songwriter
occupation	Lynn Carey (born October 29, 1946) is an American singer, songwriter, model, and actress best known as the lead vocalist in the band Mama Lion.	Lynn Carey	singer, songwriter	model
occupation	Jeremy Inman is an American anime voice actor.	Jeremy Inman	voice actor
occupation	Philippe Perrin (Colonel, French Air Force) (born January 6, 1963) is a French test pilot and former CNES and European Space Agency astronaut.	Philippe Perrin	astronaut
occupation	Oliver Page is a voice actor whose best-known role to date is the voice of Klank, member of the Machine Empire, in 1996's Power Rangers Zeo.	Oliver Page	actor
occupation	Eviatar Banai (also spelled Evyatar or (incorrectly) Evitar; Hebrew: אביתר בנאי‎; born February 8, 1973) is an Israeli musician, singer and songwriter.	Eviatar Banai	singer
occupation	Susan Oliver (February 13, 1932 -- May 10, 1990) was an American actress, television director and aviator.	Susan Oliver	aviator
occupation	Mahalia Jackson (/məˈheɪljə/ mə-HAYL-yə; October 26, 1911 -- January 27, 1972) was an American gospel singer.	Mahalia Jackson	singer
occupation	Emil Abderhalden (March 9, 1877 -- August 5, 1950) was a Swiss biochemist and physiologist.	Emil Abderhalden	biochemist
occupation	Twila Paris (born December 28, 1958) is a Contemporary Christian Music singer-songwriter, author, and pianist.	Twila Paris	singer
occupation	Ariana Kukors (born June 1, 1989) is an American former competition swimmer and former world record holder in the 200-meter individual medley (long course).	Ariana Kukors	swimmer
occupation	Cesare Bazzani (1873 - 1939) was a prominent and prolific Italian architect.	Cesare Bazzani	architect
occupation	Philip O'Sullivan is an Irish actor with contributions to Irish arts and culture through his roles and performances in theatre, on film and on television.	Philip O'Sullivan	actor
occupation	Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi and rosh yeshiva of the Lakewood East yeshiva in Ramot, Jerusalem, Israel.	Yaakov Eliezer Schwartzman	rabbi
occupation	Karl Kielblock is a South African writer, born on 23 October 1907 in the Karoo town of Beaufort-Wes.	Karl Kielblock	writer
occupation	Qaushiq Mukherjee (popularly known as Q) is an Indian film director known for his controversial cult film Gandu.	Qaushiq Mukherjee	film director
occupation	Edwin Dolby was an English Victorian architect who practised in Abingdon.	Edwin Dolby	architect
occupation	Sarah Natochenny (born September 20, 1987) is an American actress, voice actress, film editor, and fashion model.	Sarah Natochenny	model
occupation	James Foulis (22 August 1871 -- 3 March 1928) was a Scottish-American professional golfer who won the second U.S. Open in 1896.	James Foulis	golfer
occupation	William Lindsay Gresham (/ˈɡrɛʃəm/; August 20, 1909 -- September 14, 1962) was an American novelist and non-fiction author particularly well-regarded among readers of noir.	William Lindsay Gresham	novelist
occupation	Johan Ernst Nilson is a Swedish explorer also known as ``environmental explorer'' because of his interest for environment and climate-related issues.	Johan Ernst Nilson	explorer
occupation	Terry Mike Jeffrey is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, musical director, arranger and actor.	Terry Mike Jeffrey	actor
occupation	Janet McDonald (August 10, 1953 -- April 11, 2007) was an American writer of young adult novels as well as the author of Project Girl, a memoir about her early life in the Brooklyn projects and struggle to achieve an Ivy League education.	Janet McDonald	writer
occupation	William Quigley (born April 29, 1961) is an American painter from Pennsylvania.	William Quigley	painter
occupation	Patricia Nogueira Ribeiro (Almada, 11 October 1981), better known as Patricia Ribeiro is a Portuguese transsexual singer, songwriter, model and dancer.	Patricia Ribeiro	singer
occupation	John Egli was a college men's basketball coach.	John Egli	basketball coach
occupation	Edward Boatner (1898--1981) was an African-American composer who wrote many popular concert arrangements of Negro spirituals.	Edward Boatner	composer
occupation	June Allyson (October 7, 1917 -- July 8, 2006) was an American stage, film, and television actress, dancer, and singer.	June Allyson	dancer
occupation	Timo Salonen (born October 8, 1951) is a Finnish former rally driver and the 1985 world champion for Peugeot.	Timo Salonen	rally driver
occupation	Kurt Hockerup (December 18, 1944 -- March 29, 2010) was a Danish politician, who served as mayor of Vallensbæk Municipality from 1994 until his death, elected for Conservative People's Party.	Kurt Hockerup	politician
occupation	Florence Douglas was a West Indian cricketer from Trinidad and Tobago who played for her country in 1973.	Florence Douglas	cricketer
occupation	Lee Embree (July 9, 1915 -- January 24, 2008) was an American Army staff sergeant and photographer who took the first American air-to-air photographs of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.	Lee Embree	photographer
occupation	Herbert Goldstein (June 26, 1922 -- January 12, 2005) was an American physicist and the author of the standard graduate textbook Classical Mechanics.	Herbert Goldstein	physicist
occupation	Fletcher Markle (March 27, 1921 -- May 23, 1991) was a Canadian actor, screenwriter, television producer and director.	Fletcher Markle	actor	screenwriter	television producer
occupation	Lawrence D'Souza is an Indian film director (earlier worked as cinematographer) known for his Hindi films of the 1990s.	Lawrence D'Souza	film director	cinematographer
occupation	Francis William Edmonds (November 22, 1806 -- February 7, 1863) was an American painter of genre subjects.	Francis William Edmonds	painter
occupation	Clément Gascon is a Canadian judge, who was nominated to the Supreme Court of Canada by Prime Minister Stephen Harper on June 3, 2014, and officially appointed the Court on June 9, 2014.	Clément Gascon	judge
occupation	Ralph Blane (July 26, 1914 -- November 13, 1995) was an American composer, lyricist, and performer.	Ralph Blane	composer
occupation	Mahmoud Ahmed (born May 18, 1941) (Amharic: መሀሙድ አህመድ) is an Ethiopian singer of Gurage ancestry.	Mahmoud Ahmed	singer
occupation	John McCandlish Phillips, Jr. (December 4, 1927 -- April 9, 2013) was an American journalist and author on religious subjects.	McCandlish Phillips	journalist
occupation	Bruce Greer (born October 2, 1961 in Longview, Texas) is an award winning American pianist, singer and composer.	Bruce Greer	composer
occupation	José Mármol (1818 -- 1871) was an Argentine journalist, politician, librarian, and writer of the Romantic school.	José Mármol	journalist	librarian	writer
occupation	Gilberto Passani (born April 23, 1961 in Parma, Emilia-Romagna) is a former Italian volleyball player, who earned a total number of 54 caps for the Men's National Team in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Gilberto Passani	volleyball player
occupation	Vivian de Buffrénil is a French histologist and paleobiologist who has been working at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris since 1982.	Vivian de Buffrénil	histologist	paleobiologist
occupation	A.F. Salahuddin Ahmed (September 24, 1924 -- October 19, 2014) was a Bangladeshi historian, and a humanist and a rationalist thinker.	A.F. Salahuddin Ahmed	historian
occupation	Amar Upadhyay is an Indian television actor and model.	Amar Upadhyay	actor	model
occupation	Qodir Zokirov (July 25, 1906--August 9, 1992) was an Uzbek-Soviet scientist, botanist, educator and a member of Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union.	Qodir Zokirov	botanist
occupation	Rabbi Yissocher Frand is an American Charedi Orthodox rabbi and author.	Yissocher Frand	rabbi
occupation	Aleksandr Gazov (Russian: Александр Васильевич Газов; born June 17, 1946) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.	Aleksandr Gazov	sport shooter
occupation	Peter Quilter is a West End and Broadway playwright whose plays have been translated into 27 languages and performed in over 40 countries.	Peter Quilter	playwright
occupation	George Hay, Earl of Gifford (26 April 1822 -- 22 December 1862) was a British Liberal Party politician.	George Hay, Earl of Gifford	politician
occupation	Jorge Stanbury Escudero, better known by his stage name Jorge Escudero, was a Peruvian-born Venezuelan singer and composer of popular Tango music in the 1950s, who has been called ``The successor to Gardel.''	Jorge Stanbury Escudero	singer
occupation	Daidō Kenji (大道 健二) (born August 21, 1982 as Kenji Nakanishi, in Katsushika ward, Tokyo) was a professional sumo wrestler or rikishi.	Daidō Kenji	rikishi
occupation	General Gheorghe Magheru (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe maˈɡeru); 1802, Bârzeiul de Gilort, Gorj County -- 23 March 1880) was a Romanian revolutionary and soldier from Wallachia, and political ally of Nicolae Bălcescu.	Gheorghe Magheru	soldier
occupation	Mike Hammer is a no-holds-barred private investigator who carries a .45 Colt M1911A1 in a shoulder harness under his left arm.	Mike Hammer	private investigator
occupation	Ralph Fasanella (September 2, 1914 -- December 16, 1997) was a self-taught painter whose large, detailed works depicted urban working life and critiqued post-World War II America.	Ralph Fasanella	painter
occupation	Ted Russell Kamp is an American singer-songwriter active in the country music and southern rock genres.	Ted Russell Kamp	singer-songwriter
occupation	Hasan Bozer (born 1944) is a politician.	Hasan Bozer	politician
occupation	Lew Johnson was an African-American owner and business manager of blackface minstrel troupes composed of African-American performers.	Lew Johnson	business manager
occupation	William Youmans is an American Broadway, film and television actor and singer, best known for originating the roles of John Jacob Astor in Titanic: the Musical, and Doctor Dillamond in Wicked.	William Youmans	actor
occupation	Frankie Trull is an American science advocate and lobbyist.	Frankie Trull	lobbyist
occupation	Christopher Ashton Kutcher (/ˈkʊtʃər/; born February 7, 1978) is an American actor, producer, investor and former model.	Ashton Kutcher	model
occupation	Wilkinson Call (January 9, 1834 -- August 24, 1910) was an American lawyer and politician who represented Florida in the United States Senate from 1879 to 1897.	Wilkinson Call	politician
occupation	Arjun Appadurai (born 1949) is a contemporary social-cultural anthropologist recognised as a major theorist in globalization studies.	Arjun Appadurai	anthropologist
occupation	Walter C. Wardwell (January 27, 1859- ) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the Mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Walter C. Wardwell	politician
occupation	Luis Germán Cajiga is Puerto Rican painter.	Luis Germán Cajiga	painter
occupation	Thomas Pereira or Tomás Pereira (November 1, 1645 -- 1708), also known as Tomé Pereira, was a Portuguese Jesuit, mathematician and scientist who worked as a missionary in Qing China.	Thomas Pereira	mathematician
occupation	Alva Johnston (August 1, 1888 -- November 23, 1950) was an American journalist and biographer who won a Pulitzer Prize for journalism in 1923.	Alva Johnston	journalist
occupation	Stumpy Cromer (died June 8, 2013) was an American comedian and dancer.	Stumpy Cromer	dancer
occupation	Alfred Cyril Lovesey CBE, AFRAeS, was an English engineer who was a key figure in the development of the Rolls-Royce Merlin aero engine.	Cyril Lovesey	engineer
occupation	Diane Vachon (February 14, 1944 -- August 24, 1991) was a Canadian professional wrestler, best known by her ring name Vivian Vachon.	Vivian Vachon	professional wrestler
occupation	Melanie Harrold is a British singer/songwriter, best known for her 1970s albums for DJM (Fancy That and Blue Angel) plus recording with Gerry Rafferty, and singing with Hank Wangford.	Melanie Harrold	singer
occupation	Ingeman Arbnor (born 1949) is a Swedish economist, Professor at the Lund University, Lund, known for his international bestseller ``Methodology for Creating Business Knowledge'' written with Björn Bjerke.	Ingeman Arbnor	economist
occupation	Ella Washington is an African-American former R&B and gospel singer, described as ``an outstanding Southern soul vocalist'' and best known for her 1969 hit ``He Called Me Baby''.	Ella Washington	singer
occupation	Carlos Be became a playwright at age 22, when in 1997 he decided to quit a medical degree program to devote himself to writing on a full-time basis.	Carlos Be	playwright
occupation	Lois Romano is an American journalist who is the editor of Washington Post Live, the news organization's editorial events business.	Lois Romano	journalist
occupation	Mylène Brodeur (born April 17, 1987) is a Canadian figure skater who is best known for her pairs career with partner John Mattatall.	Mylène Brodeur	figure skater
occupation	Sir Francis Vincent, 10th Baronet (3 March 1803 -- 6 July 1880) was a British Whig politician.	Sir Francis Vincent, 10th Baronet	politician
occupation	Ernest W. Twining (March 29, 1875 - September 10, 1956) was a modelmaker, artist, and engineer.	Ernest W. Twining	engineer
occupation	Harold Varner III is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour.	Harold Varner III	golfer
occupation	Anaximander was the first astronomer to consider the Sun as a huge mass, and consequently, to realize how far from Earth it might be, and the first to present a system where the celestial bodies turned at different distances.	Anaximander	astronomer
occupation	Judith Butler (born February 24, 1956) is an American philosopher and gender theorist whose work has influenced political philosophy, ethics and the fields of feminist, queer and literary theory.	Judith Butler	philosopher
occupation	Vixen Romeo, is an American singer-songwriter, pin up model and dancer.	Vixen Romeo	singer-songwriter	model	dancer
occupation	Timothy Feruka (May 3, 1954 -- December 8, 2003) was a Zambian boxer and coach.	Timothy Feruka	boxer
occupation	Helen Hardin (May 28, 1943 -- June 9, 1984) (also known as Tsa-sah-wee-eh, which means ``Little Standing Spruce'') was an American painter.	Helen Hardin	painter
occupation	Eric Draper is an American news photographer who also worked as the White House Photo Director and personal photographer for U.S. President George W. Bush.	Eric Draper	photographer
occupation	Angus Morrison Gidney (May 4, 1803 -- January 20, 1882) was a Canadian educator, poet and journalist.	Angus Morrison Gidney	journalist
occupation	Peter Hodgkinson is a British sculptor, born in Preston.	Peter Hodgkinson	sculptor
occupation	Renata Laxova, Ph.D., (born July 15, 1931) an American pediatric geneticist, is Emeritus Professor of Genetics at the Departments of Pediatrics and Medical Genetics, Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin--	Renata Laxova	geneticist
occupation	Wesley Johnson (born 1977), known by his stage name 2Play, is a British musician, record producer, and mixed martial artist.	2Play	mixed martial artist
occupation	Maynard Dixon (January 24, 1875 -- November 11, 1946) was a 20th-century American artist whose body of work focused on the American West.	Maynard Dixon	artist
occupation	Dimitri Alekseyevich Isayev (also tr. Dmitriy Isaev; Russian: Дмитрий Алексеевич Исаев, born 23 January 1973) is a Russian actor who has had a number of prominent roles in film and television.	Dimitri Alekseyevich Isayev	actor
occupation	Mariyka Pidhiryanka (Ukrainian: Марійка Підгірянка, 1881--1963) was a Ukrainian poet, best remembered for her children's poetry though she also wrote adult work on patriotic themes.	Mariyka Pidhiryanka	poet
occupation	Alfred Silver is a Canadian novelist and playwright.	Alfred Silver	novelist
occupation	Michel Le Moignan (November 7, 1919 -- December 21, 2000) was a Catholic priest and a Canadian politician from Quebec.	Michel Le Moignan	politician
occupation	Tim Arango is an American journalist and current Baghdad bureau chief of The New York Times.	Tim Arango	journalist
occupation	Louise Arnold is an English writer of Children's literature.	Louise Arnold	writer
occupation	Wendell Brunious (b. October 27, 1954, New Orleans) is an American jazz trumpeter and bandleader.	Wendell Brunious	bandleader
occupation	Martina Sorbara (born November 13, 1978) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and frontwoman of the band Dragonette.	Martina Sorbara	singer
occupation	Georgia Carr (born Mary Louise Thomas, June 20, 1925 -- July 4, 1971) was an African-American singer and actress who performed and recorded between the 1940s and 1960s.	Georgia Carr	singer
occupation	Nels Ackerson is a lawyer and head of the law firm that bears his name, based in Washington, D.C. He has represented clients in 46 states and 16 countries on issues involving property rights, constitutional rights, agriculture, eminent domain, commercial and financial disputes, public policy, and international disputes.	Nels Ackerson	lawyer
occupation	Kate Lambert, known professionally as ``Kato'', is a British model, fashion designer and entrepreneur.	Kate Lambert	model
occupation	The film's version of the Phantom Rider is a skeleton in a cowboy outfit riding a skeletal flaming horse.	Phantom Rider	cowboy
occupation	Hugh Raffles is an anthropologist whose work explores relationships among people, animals, and things.	Hugh Raffles	anthropologist
occupation	Ross Cullum (born 1957 in Fulham, London, England) is a British composer, record producer, songwriter, mixer, A&R and music industry consultant.	Ross Cullum	composer
occupation	Gary Ouellet (January 9, 1945 -- June 8, 2002) was a French-Canadian television producer and magician who lived and worked in the United States.	Gary Ouellet	magician
occupation	David Geiser (born June 18, 1948) is an American painter and creator of several underground comix.	David Geiser	painter
occupation	David Samuel Benjamin Stannard (born around 1882), who went by Dave Stannard, was a journalist and advertising representative named to the Los Angeles, California, City Council in 1942 to replace Harold Harby, who had been stripped of his seat because he used a city car to go on vacation in Montana.	Dave Stannard	journalist
occupation	Elizabeth Holtzman (born August 11, 1941) is an American politician and former member of the United States House of Representatives.	Elizabeth Holtzman	politician
occupation	Werknesh Kidane (born November 21, 1981), is an Ethiopian long distance runner who competes in both 5000 and 10,000 metres.	Werknesh Kidane	long distance runner
occupation	Bachar Zarkan (بشار زرقان: Arabic ) is a Syrian musician, singer, and actor known for his Sufi music.	Bachar Zarkan	singer
occupation	Michael F. Collins (September 27, 1854 in Troy, Rensselaer County, New York -- December 22, 1928) was an American newspaper publisher and politician from New York.	Michael F. Collins	politician
occupation	Robert DoQui (April 20, 1934 -- February 9, 2008) was an American actor who starred in film and on television.	Robert DoQui	actor
occupation	Abu Khaled (dates of birth and death unknown) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played one List A match for Khulna Division in the 2002/03 cricket season.	Abu Khaled	cricketer
occupation	James Soong Chu-yu (Chinese: 宋楚瑜; pinyin: Sòng Chǔyú; Wade--Giles: Sung Ch'u-yü; born 16 March 1941) is a Taiwanese politician.	James Soong	politician
occupation	Veronica Nunn (born October 7, 1957 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American jazz singer most known as the featured vocalist with Michael Franks since 1992.	Veronica Nunn	singer
occupation	Valentin Friedland (February 14, 1490 -- April 26, 1556), also called Valentin Troitschendorf (or Trozendorf or Trotzendorf or Trocedorfius) after his birthplace, was an eminent German scholar and educationist of the Reformation.	Valentin Friedland	educationist
occupation	Moses Fellows (November 7, 1803 -- September 25, 1879) was an American politician who served as the third mayor of Manchester, New Hampshire.	Moses Fellows	politician
occupation	Safar Naeimi Raz (Persian: ‌‌صفر نعیمی رز‎‎; born 1968) is an Iranian politician.	Safar Naeimi	politician
occupation	Valentin Toledo is a Spanish painter currently living in Los Angeles, California.	Valentin Toledo	painter
occupation	Jack Smight (March 9, 1925 -- September 1, 2003) was an American theatre and film director.	Jack Smight	film director
occupation	Professor Jane Visvader is a scientist specialising in breast cancer research who works for the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute in Melbourne, Australia.	Jane Visvader	scientist
occupation	Sy Kattelson (born Seymour Kattelson, February 11, 1923, New York, New York) is an American photographer whose earliest work documents working class New Yorkers during the years immediately following World War Two.	Sy Kattelson	photographer
occupation	Adam Tinworth is a business journalist and writer, resident in London.	Adam Tinworth	journalist
occupation	John Murray Anderson (September 20, 1886 -- January 30, 1954) was a theatre director and producer, songwriter, actor, screenwriter, dancer and lighting designer, who made his career in the United States, primarily in New York City and Hollywood.	John Murray Anderson	theatre director	screenwriter
occupation	Michael Glenn Williams (born October 23, 1957 in Lancaster, California) is an American composer, pianist and technologist.	Michael Glenn Williams	composer
occupation	John Gatins (born April 16, 1968) is an American screenwriter, director, and actor.	John Gatins	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Joshua Fernandez (born April 19, 1974), is a Malaysian film director who believes in creative collaboration.	Joshua Fernandez	film director
occupation	Esther Pohl Lovejoy (November 16, 1869 -- August 31, 1967) was an American physician, public health pioneer, suffrage activist, congressional candidate, and a central figure in early efforts to organize international medical relief work.	Esther Pohl Lovejoy	physician
occupation	E. Jean Carroll (born December 12, 1943) is an American journalist and advice columnist.	E. Jean Carroll	journalist
occupation	Franklyn Farnum, screen name of William Smith (June 5, 1878 -- July 4, 1961), was an American character actor and Hollywood extra who appeared in 433 productions between the years 1916 and 1961.	Franklyn Farnum	actor
occupation	Andy Vine is a Welsh-born Canadian folk musician from Vancouver.	Andy Vine	musician
occupation	Dimitris Ververelis, also known as D.T. Ververelis, is a Greek helicopter pilot nicknamed ``The Wizard.''	Dimitris Ververelis	helicopter pilot
occupation	Tatiana Mollmann (born February 1, 1983 in Santa Monica, CA) is a professional Competitive dancer.	Tatiana Mollmann	dancer
occupation	Granville Henderson Oury (March 12, 1825 -- January 11, 1891) was a nineteenth-century American politician, lawyer, judge, soldier and miner.	Granville Henderson Oury	lawyer	judge
occupation	Lee Hawkins (born c. 1951) is an American dentist and politician from Gainesville, Georgia.	Lee Hawkins	politician
occupation	Nenad Ivanković (born March 18, 1948) is a Croatian author, journalist and politician.	Nenad Ivanković	journalist
occupation	Greg Nixon (born September 12, 1981) is an American sprinter who specialises in the 400 meters.	Greg Nixon	sprinter
occupation	Samuel Clesson Allen (January 5, 1772--February 8, 1842) was a U.S. politician from Massachusetts during the first third of the 19th century.	Samuel Clesson Allen	politician
occupation	Christian Lane (born May 9, 1975) is an American born singer-songwriter.	Christian Lane	singer-songwriter
occupation	Rusudan Sikharulidze is a former artistic gymnast from Georgia, representing the Soviet Union in international competition.	Rusudan Sikharulidze	artistic gymnast
occupation	Oton Postružnik (1900-1978) was a Croatian artist, painter, graphic artist, and ceramist.	Oton Postružnik	painter
occupation	John Maginnes (born July 14, 1968) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour and is currently a golf analyst with his own show on Sirius XM Radio.	John Maginnes	golfer
occupation	William Alexander Henry (December 30, 1816 -- May 3, 1888) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, judge.	William Alexander Henry	politician
occupation	Ivan Shaw is a Taiwanese-born American actor who made his daytime debut in December 2002, playing young Henry Chin in the ABC daytime show All My Children.	Ivan Shaw	actor
occupation	Mazaris (Greek: Μάζαρις; fl. c. 1415) was a late Byzantine writer.	Mazaris	writer
occupation	Steven D. Silverman (born October 28, 1966) is an American trial lawyer best known for his work on various cases, including the decade-long representation of former undisputed heavyweight boxing champion Riddick Bowe.	Steven D. Silverman	lawyer
occupation	Python of Catana was a dramatic poet of the time of Alexander, whom he accompanied into Asia, and whose army he entertained with a satyric drama, called Agen (Ἀγήν) when they were celebrating the Dionysia on the banks of the Hydaspes.	Python of Catana	poet
occupation	Kimmey Raschke Martínez (born January 17, 1974 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a politician and Senator.	Kimmey Raschke	politician
occupation	Robert Lemelson is a cultural anthropologist, ethnographic filmmaker and philanthropist.	Robert Lemelson	anthropologist
occupation	Sage Brocklebank (born January 14, 1978) is a Canadian actor best known for his role as Buzz McNab, a long-standing role on the comedy-drama Psych.	Sage Brocklebank	actor
occupation	Frida Blumenberg (May 24, 1935) is a visual artist and sculptor working primarily in neon, acrylic, and bronze.	Frida Blumenberg	sculptor
occupation	Vonthongchai Intarawat (Thai: วันธงชัย อินทรวัตร) (born December 23, 1987) is a Thai singer-songwriter and the runner-up of the 4th season of reality talent show True Visions's Academy Fantasia.	Vonthongchai Intarawat	singer
occupation	Byron Rojas is a Nicaraguan professional boxer.	Byron Rojas	boxer
occupation	Maher El-Adawy (Arabic: ماهر العدوي‎) (born April 16, 1964) is a distinguished Egyptian career diplomat, he joined the Egyptian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1985.	Maher El-Adawy	diplomat
occupation	Shaun Tan is an Australian artist, writer and film maker.	Shaun Tan	writer
occupation	William Morris Kinnersley is an American physicist who is well known for his contributions to general relativity.	William Morris Kinnersley	physicist
occupation	Mark Rydell (born March 23, 1928) is an American actor, film director and producer.	Mark Rydell	actor	film director
occupation	Anoushiravan Nourian (Persian: انوشیروان نوریان‎; born January 25, 1972 in Tehran) is a retired amateur Iranian-born Australian boxer.	Anoushiravan Nourian	boxer
occupation	Giuseppe Antonio Luchi, also known as il Diecimino, (July 17, 1709 - May 12, 1774) was an Italian painter.	Giuseppe Antonio Luchi	painter
occupation	Klaus Jankuhn (born 12 January 1965) is a German record producer and musician, considered a pioneer in the early German techno scene.	Klaus Jankuhn	record producer
occupation	Dan Wilde is an English singer-songwriter and musician from Blackpool, now living in Cambridge.	Dan Wilde	singer-songwriter
occupation	Forrest Gander (born 1956) is an American poet, essayist, novelist, critic, and translator.	Forrest Gander	translator
occupation	Dennis Esteban Dominguez Baldivia (born February 9, 1962), better known as Dennis Padilla, is a Filipino comedian, radio broadcaster and actor.	Dennis Padilla	comedian
occupation	Adrian Kantrowitz (October 4, 1918 -- November 14, 2008) was an American cardiac surgeon whose team,Bjørnstad PG, Lindberg HL, Smevik B, Rian R, Sørland SJ, Tjønneland S, performed the world's first pediatric heart transplant at Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn on December 6, 1967.	Adrian Kantrowitz	cardiac surgeon
occupation	Alonzo Clemons is an American animal sculptor and a savant.	Alonzo Clemons	sculptor
occupation	Septimius Bassus (fl. 317--319) was a Roman politician.	Septimius Bassus	politician
occupation	Lawrence Darmani is a Ghanaian novelist and publisher.	Lawrence Darmani	novelist
occupation	Dean Karnazes (b. Constantine Karnazes August 23, 1962) (pronounced car-NAH-sis), is an American ultramarathon runner, and author of Ultramarathon Man:	Dean Karnazes	ultramarathon runner
occupation	Andrée Lescot was a singer, showgirl, soprano and daughter of Haitian president Élie Lescot.	Andrée Lescot	singer
occupation	Adam Possamai is a sociologist and novelist born in Belgium and living in Australia.	Adam Possamai	sociologist
occupation	Lei Kit Meng (born December 30, 1967 in Macau) is an auto racing driver from Macau.	Lei Kit Meng	racing driver
occupation	Liza Kennedy (born July 5, 1989), better known by her stage name Liza (often stylized as LIZA), is a Japanese fashion model.	Liza Kennedy	model
occupation	Cornelis Hulsman is a Dutch sociologist who has been living in Egypt since 1994.	Cornelis Hulsman	sociologist
occupation	Walt Cobb is a Canadian politician, who served as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005, representing the riding of Cariboo South.	Walt Cobb	politician
occupation	David W. Guion (December 15, 1892, Ballinger, Texas -- October 17, 1981), Texan composer, was best known for his arrangements of cowboy tunes, African American spirituals, and original compositions often inspired by the soundscape of west Texas.	David W. Guion	composer
occupation	Ravdangiin Davaadalai (Mongolian: Равдангийн Даваадалай; born March 20, 1954) is a retired Mongolian judoka.	Ravdangiin Davaadalai	judoka
occupation	Alan C. Carey is an American author and historian who specializes in military aviation topics.	Alan C. Carey	historian
occupation	As a James Bond novelist, Raymond Benson was initially controversial for being American, and for ignoring much of the continuity established by Gardner.	Raymond Benson	novelist
occupation	Ron Wynn is a music critic, author, and allmusic editor.	Ron Wynn	music critic	author
occupation	Julián Carrillo Trujillo (January 28, 1875--September 9, 1965) was a Mexican composer, conductor, violinist and music theorist, famous for developing a theory of microtonal music which he dubbed ``The Thirteenth Sound'' (Sonido 13).	Julián Carrillo	composer	conductor	music theorist
occupation	Scott Charles Bigelow (September 1, 1961 -- January 19, 2007) was an American professional wrestler, best known by the ring name Bam Bam Bigelow.	Bam Bam Bigelow	professional wrestler
occupation	Francisco Dornelles (born January 7, 1935) is a Brazilian lawyer, economist and politician.	Francisco Dornelles	politician
occupation	Paul Marcarelli is an American actor best known as the ``Test Man'' character in commercials (``Can you hear me now?'') for Verizon Wireless.	Paul Marcarelli	actor
occupation	Eberhard Keindorff (1902--1975) was a German playright and screenwriter.	Eberhard Keindorff	screenwriter
occupation	Rena Galibova (Russian: Рена Абрамовна Галибова, Tajik: Раъно Абрамовна Ғолибова, Persian: رعنا غالبوا‎) (born May 24, 1915, died September 10, 1995, age 80) was a Tajikistani actress and opera singer who was named the People's Artist of Tajikistan.	Rena Galibova	opera singer
occupation	Shankar Mokashi Punekar (May 8, 1928 -- August 11, 2004) was a well known writer in the kannada language.	Shankar Mokashi Punekar	writer
occupation	Patrick Paradis (August 23, 1953, Augusta, Maine) is an American politician.	Patrick Paradis	politician
occupation	John H. Bryden (born July 15, 1943 in Dundas, Ontario) is a Canadian politician, journalist, and historian.	John H. Bryden	politician	journalist	historian
occupation	George Henry Hamilton Tate (April 30, 1894 - December 24, 1953) was an English-born American zoologist and botanist, who worked as a mammalogist for the American Museum of Natural History in New York.	George Henry Hamilton Tate	zoologist	botanist
occupation	Curtis Gates Lloyd (July 17, 1859 -- November 11, 1926) was an American mycologist known for both his research on the Gasteromycetes, as well as his controversial views on naming conventions in taxonomy.	Curtis Gates Lloyd	mycologist
occupation	Lee Hwi-jae (born Lee Young-jae on December 29, 1972) is a South Korean TV presenter, comedian actor, and singer.	Lee Hwi-jae	singer
occupation	Professor Theraphan Luangthongkum (also cited variously as L-Thongkum, L. Thongkum or Thongkum in publications) is a Thai linguist, specializing in phonetics, linguistic fieldwork, lexicography and minority languages of Southeast Asia.	Theraphan Luangthongkum	linguist
occupation	Victor DiNapoli is an American television director and production designer.	Victor DiNapoli	television director
occupation	Gregory James is an American guitarist and composer from San Francisco, CA.	Gregory James	composer
occupation	Tao Jiaming (陶嘉明; born October 25, 1985) is a badminton player from China.	Tao Jiaming	badminton player
occupation	Adlan Khasanov (May 25, 1970 -- May 9, 2004) was a Chechen, Russian journalist and photographer, killed in action in Grozny.	Adlan Khasanov	journalist
occupation	Maurice Cass (October 12, 1884 -- June 8, 1954) was a character actor in numerous films and television shows.	Maurice Cass	actor
occupation	Mircea Ciumara (September 13, 1943 -- January 14, 2012) was a Romanian politician and former cabinet minister.	Mircea Ciumara	politician
occupation	Malika Kishino (jap. 岸野 末利加, Kishino Marika; born July 16, 1971) is a japanese composer based in Cologne / Germany.	Malika Kishino	composer
occupation	Danilo Montero is a Costa Rican Contemporary Christian Music singer, author, and pastor.	Danilo Montero	singer
occupation	Pier Francesco Cavazza (1675 -- 14 October 1755) was an Italian painter and art collector, active in his native Bologna.	Pier Francesco Cavazza	painter
occupation	George Alfred Joy Ricker (June 30, 1863 - November 3, 1933) was a civil engineer in Buffalo, New York who built the Niagara Falls Gorge Railway and supervised the construction of the Storm King Highway.	George Alfred Joy Ricker	engineer
occupation	Professor Stephen Westaby is a British heart surgeon at John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford, England.	Stephen Westaby	surgeon
occupation	Raúl Jorge Tignanelli Mascaró, known as Raúl Taibo (born 17 January 1954) is an Argentine actor, whose work has been mainly in television.	Raúl Taibo	actor
occupation	Damaris Lewis (born October 10, 1990) is an American model who appeared in the 2009, 2010, and 2011 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issues.	Damaris Lewis	model
occupation	Dr. John Wesson Ashford is an American psychiatrist and neuroscientist whose expertise includes Alzheimer's disease and its effects on human memory.	John Wesson Ashford	psychiatrist	neuroscientist
occupation	John Tooby is an American anthropologist, who, together with psychologist wife Leda Cosmides, helped pioneer the field of evolutionary psychology.	John Tooby	anthropologist	psychologist
occupation	Arturo Somohano Portela (September 1, 1910 -- March 23, 1977) was a musical composer and director of the San Juan Symphony Orchestra, which is now named after him.	Arturo Somohano	composer
occupation	Sean Strickland is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Welterweight division.	Sean Strickland	mixed martial artist
occupation	Luis Miguel Leal is a Venezuelan Latin Grammy Award-winner music video director.	Luis Miguel Leal	music video director
occupation	Thomas Damett (?1389-90 to 15 July 1436/14 April 1437) was an English composer of the late Medieval and early Renaissance eras.	Thomas Damett	composer
occupation	Dirk Coster (October 5, 1889 -- February 12, 1950), was a Dutch physicist.	Dirk Coster	physicist
occupation	Ahmet Akça is a Turkish entrepreneur, the Chairman of the leading Turkish mobile network operator and technology company Turkcell and a philanthropist.	Ahmet Akça	entrepreneur
occupation	Carl von Voit (October 31, 1831 -- January 31, 1908) was a German physiologist and dietitian.	Carl von Voit	physiologist
occupation	Vinod Kumar Shukla(Hindi: विनोद कुमार शुक्ला) (born 1 January 1937) is a modern Hindi writer known for his style that often borders on magic-realism.	Vinod Kumar Shukla	writer
occupation	Marcelo Nova is a Brazilian singer born in the state of Bahia.	Marcelo Nova	singer
occupation	Ásgeir Jónsson (born June 21, 1970) is an Icelandic economist, teacher and author.	Ásgeir Jónsson	economist
occupation	Josh Ramsay is a Canadian singer, songwriter, producer, recording engineer, actor, and the lead vocalist of pop rock band Marianas Trench.	Josh Ramsay	singer
occupation	Wendy Pritchard (née Butcher) is a former Western Australian field hockey player.	Wendy Pritchard	field hockey player
occupation	Cyril Vetter is an American songwriter with a career has spanned a variety of industries, including music, broadcasting and publishing.	Cyril Vetter	songwriter
occupation	Dan Levinson Born July 8, 1965 in Los Angeles, CA as Daniel A. Levinson is a jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, and bandleader.	Dan Levinson	clarinetist	saxophonist
occupation	Don Li Yat-long is a Hong Kong singer and actor of the Emperor Entertainment Group, Music Icon Records.	Don Li	singer
occupation	Osvaldo Genazzani was an Italian actor who appeared in more than forty films.	Osvaldo Genazzani	actor
occupation	Baron Axel Fredrik Cronstedt (/kroonstet/ December 23, 1722 -- August 19, 1765) was a Swedish mineralogist and chemist who discovered nickel in 1751 as a mining expert with the Bureau of Mines.	Axel Fredrik Cronstedt	chemist
occupation	Martin Grams, Jr. (born April 19, 1977) is a radio historian who has written extensively on radio, television and films.	Martin Grams, Jr.	historian
occupation	Daniel-Leon Kit (born June 14, 1998) is an American actor, singer, dancer, writer, and songwriter, best known as Vincent Ellis Ross, III in Stretch: the Movie, Walter Rat in the stage play of Thumbelina, and Santa Claus in the musical of Santa Dot Claus.	Daniel-Leon Kit	actor
occupation	Pindar (/ˈpɪndər/; Greek: Πίνδαρος Pindaros, pronounced (píndaros); Latin: Pindarus) (c. 522 -- c. 443 BC) was an Ancient Greek lyric poet from Thebes.	Pindar	poet
occupation	Patricia Rodas (n. 1960) is a Honduran politician.	Patricia Rodas	politician
occupation	Edward Rombo is a retired Kenyan rugby union and rugby league player.	Edward Rombo	rugby league player
occupation	Tamer Ashor (Arabic: تامر عاشور‎, born January 2, 1984) is an Egyptian singer and composer.	Tamer Ashor	singer
occupation	Vanessa Renee Reece (born November 11, 1990), better known by her stage name V-Nasty, is an American rapper from Oakland, California.	V-Nasty	rapper
occupation	Robert A. Gordon (born August 10, 1932) is an American sociologist best known for his work on intelligence, criminality, and race.	Robert A. Gordon	sociologist
occupation	Lili Bita, or Lili Bita Zaller, is a Greek-American author, poet, translator, artist and drama teacher.	Lili Bita	translator	artist
occupation	George Chkiantz is a recording engineer based in London who has been responsible for the engineering on a number of well-known albums, many of which are considered classics, owing in part to the high quality of the recordings.	George Chkiantz	engineer
occupation	Frederick Gordon Bradley, PC, QC (March 21, 1886 -- March 30, 1966) was a Canadian and Dominion of Newfoundland politician.	Frederick Gordon Bradley	politician
occupation	Merton Yarwood Williams (June 21, 1883 -- February 3, 1974) was a Canadian geologist and academic.	Merton Yarwood Williams	geologist
occupation	Daniel Negreanu (/nᵻˈɡrɑːnoʊ/; born July 26, 1974) is a Canadian professional poker player who has won six World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelets and two World Poker Tour (WPT) championship titles.	Daniel Negreanu	poker player
occupation	Ellen Dahrendorf, Lady Dahrendorf (née Ellen Joan Krug) is a British historian and translator of Russian political works, and the former wife (1980--2004) of the late German/British academic and politician Ralf Dahrendorf.	Ellen Dahrendorf	historian
occupation	Maurice Bourget, PC (October 20, 1907 -- March 29, 1979) was a Canadian politician who was Speaker of the Canadian Senate from April 27, 1963 to January 6, 1966.	Maurice Bourget	politician
occupation	Jacob Kraemer is a Canadian actor, from Fonthill, Ontario.	Jacob Kraemer	actor
occupation	Davendra Pathik was a Fiji Indian lawyer and judge who graduated as a lawyer from the University of Tasmania in 1957 and was admitted to the Supreme Court of Tasmania in 1957 and in Fiji in 1958.	Davendra Pathik	judge
occupation	Herschel Saltzman (October 27, 1915 -- September 28, 1994), better known as Harry Saltzman, was a Canadian theatre and film producer, best known for his role in co-producing the James Bond film series with Albert R. Broccoli.	Harry Saltzman	film producer
occupation	Dr. Izzat Traboulsi LL.M Ph.D.Econ (born. Damascus, Syria; November 20, 1913 -- December 6, 2000;) (Arabic: الدكتور عزة الطرابلسي‎; alternate spelling: Ezzat Traboulsi, عزت الطرابلسي), was a Syrian politician, economist, banker, and writer.	Izzat Traboulsi	economist
occupation	Ralph Acton (fl. 14th century), was a supposed English theologian and philosopher, apparently primarily known for his writings, some of which still exist.	Ralph Acton	philosopher
occupation	Shariful Haque (born January 15, 1976, Mymensingh District, Dhaka) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in one ODI in 1998.	Shariful Haque	cricketer
occupation	Robert Latham Brown (born June 20, 1947) is a film producer, line producer, production manager, author, and teacher.	Robert Latham Brown	film producer
occupation	Yang Zhixian is a Chinese swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley.	Yang Zhixian	swimmer
occupation	Javier Arau (September 30, 1975) is an American composer, saxophonist, conductor, theorist, author, and entrepreneur.	Javier Arau	composer	saxophonist	conductor
occupation	Erika Heynatz (born 25 March 1975, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea) is an Australian model, actress, singer and television personality.	Erika Heynatz	model
occupation	Ken Shapiro is a Jewish-American writer, producer, adult film star and former child actor.	Ken Shapiro	actor
occupation	Joel McNeely (born March 28, 1959) is an American composer, arranger, musician, and songwriter.	Joel McNeely	composer
occupation	Betty Parsons, born Betty Bierne Pierson, (January 31, 1900 -- July 23, 1982) was an American artist, art dealer, and collector known for her early promotion of Abstract Expressionism.	Betty Parsons	artist
occupation	Alan Huffman is an American author and journalist from Bolton, Mississippi.	Alan Huffman	journalist
occupation	Gary Cowan (born October 28, 1938) is a Canadian golfer who has achieved outstanding results at the highest class in amateur competition.	Gary Cowan	golfer
occupation	Janaki Ramachandran, commonly known as V. N. Janaki, was an Indian Tamil actress and politician.	V. N. Janaki	politician
occupation	Franne Golde is an American songwriter, musician, singer and writer.	Franne Golde	singer
occupation	Bradley Stryker (born June 29, 1977 in Seattle, Washington) is an American actor, who performed the character Trey Atwood on the FOX series The O.C..	Bradley Stryker	actor
occupation	Józef Arkusz (March 18, 1921 -- June 19, 1995) was a Polish film director and producer of over 70 educational films.	Józef Arkusz	film director
occupation	Derek Tolan (born October 21, 1985) is a professional golfer and graduate from the University of Colorado.	Derek Tolan	golfer
occupation	Thomas M. Madden (March 28, 1907 -- March 29, 1976) was a Federal judge who served on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.	Thomas M. Madden	judge
occupation	Claire Holden Rothman is a Canadian novelist, short story writer and translator.	Claire Holden Rothman	novelist	translator
occupation	Mino Reitano (December 7, 1944 -- January 27, 2009) was an Italian singer and actor.	Mino Reitano	singer	actor
occupation	Charles Hamilton Houston (September 3, 1895 -- April 22, 1950) was a prominent African-American lawyer, Dean of Howard University Law School, and NAACP Litigation Director who played a significant role in dismantling the Jim Crow laws, which earned him the title ``The Man Who Killed Jim Crow''.	Charles Hamilton Houston	lawyer
occupation	Katti Lanner married ballet master and company director Johann-Baptist Alfred Karl Viktor Geraldini in 1868.	Katti Lanner	ballet master
occupation	Hala Al Turk (Arabic: حلا الترك‎) is a singer from Bahrain.	Hala Al Turk	singer
occupation	Sultan Al-Otaibi (Arabic: سلطان العتيبي‎; born May 21, 1970) is a Kuwaiti former swimmer, who specialized in individual medley, but also competed in backstroke, breaststroke, and butterfly.	Sultan Al-Otaibi	swimmer
occupation	Nathaniel Massie (December 28, 1763 -- November 13, 1813) was a frontier surveyor in the Ohio Country who became a prominent land owner, politician, and soldier.	Nathaniel Massie	politician
occupation	Trivikram Srinivas (born Akella Naga Srinivasa Sarma, 07 November 1971) is an Indian film screenwriter and director known for his works exclusively in Telugu Cinema.	Trivikram Srinivas	screenwriter
occupation	Phat Kat (b. Ronnie Euro) is a rapper from Detroit, Michigan, best known as a favorite collaborator of the late J Dilla.	Phat Kat	rapper
occupation	Angus MacLane is an American film director, animator, screenwriter, and voice actor currently working at Pixar Animation Studios.	Angus MacLane	voice actor
occupation	Jujeath Nagaowa (born August 5, 1987) is a Filipina mixed martial artist and boxer, who has fought for world titles for International Female Boxers Association and Women's International Boxing Association.	Jujeath Nagaowa	mixed martial artist	boxer
occupation	Kim Dong-ryool (Hangul: 김동률; or spelled Kim Dong-ryul; born March 15, 1974) is a South Korean pop singer-songwriter.	Kim Dong-ryool	singer
occupation	Endre Bohem (May 1, 1901 -- May 5, 1990) was a Hungarian American screenwriter, film producer and television writer.	Endre Bohem	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Jerry Adler (born February 4, 1929) is an American theatre director, production supervisor and a television and film actor.	Jerry Adler	theatre director	film actor
occupation	Yves Malatier is a French retired competitive ice dancer.	Yves Malatier	ice dancer
occupation	Hal E. Chester (born Harold Rapatsky; March 6, 1921 in Brooklyn, New York -- March 25, 2012 in London), was an American film producer, writer, director, and former child actor.	Hal E. Chester	film producer	actor
occupation	Roland Bautista (May 30, 1951 -- February 29, 2012) was an American guitarist and session musician who was a former member of the band Earth, Wind & Fire.	Roland Bautista	guitarist
original network	Australian Idol was televised on Network Ten for all seven series, and was broadcast on the Southern Cross Austereo Radio Network between 2005 and 2007.	Australian Idol	Network Ten
original network	The Peter Serafinowicz Show is a BBC Two comedy sketch show written by and starring Peter Serafinowicz.	The Peter Serafinowicz Show	BBC Two
parent taxon	Incilius macrocristatus (formerly Bufo macrocristatus; common name large-crested toad or huge-crested toad) a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius macrocristatus	Bufo
parent taxon	Allocasuarina is a genus of trees in the flowering plant family Casuarinaceae.	Allocasuarina	Casuarinaceae
participant of	Kevin Neufeld (born November 6, 1960 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a Canadian rower, who was a member of the Canadian men's eights team that won the gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Kevin Neufeld	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kapka Georgieva (later Panayotova, Bulgarian: Капка Георгиева, later Панайотова, born 30 September 1951) is a Bulgarian rower who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Kapka Georgieva	1976 Summer Olympics
performer	``Geschwisterliebe'' (Sibling love) is a controversial song by German punk band Die Ärzte from the album Die Ärzte.	Geschwisterliebe	Die Ärzte
performer	Still Doubted? is the fifth studio album by rapper Lil Wyte, released on June 19, 2012.	Still Doubted?	Lil Wyte
performer	Prelude to History is the second studio album by German pop group Preluders, released on September 27, 2004 (see 2004 in music) on Polydor's sublabel Cheyenne Records.	Prelude to History	Preluders
performer	Kids in Philly is the second studio album by the band Marah, released in 2000.	Kids in Philly	Marah
performer	All the Right Wrongs is the debut EP by American singer-songwriter Emily Osment.	All the Right Wrongs	Emily Osment
performer	Drums Between the Bells is a collaboration album by Brian Eno and poet Rick Holland.	Drums Between the Bells	Brian Eno
performer	Earth vs the Wildhearts is the debut studio album by British rock band The Wildhearts, released in 1993.	Earth vs the Wildhearts	The Wildhearts
performer	Emotion & Commotion is the tenth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck, released in April 2010 on ATCO Records.	Emotion & Commotion	Jeff Beck
performer	``All That I Can Say'' is a song by American hip hop soul recording artist Mary J. Blige, released as the lead single from her fifth studio album Mary (1999).	All That I Can Say	Mary J. Blige
performer	Someone Here Is Missing is the eighth studio album by The Pineapple Thief, featuring cover art by Storm Thorgerson.	Someone Here Is Missing	The Pineapple Thief
performer	``Found Love in a Graveyard'' is the first single of the debut self-titled studio album, Veronica Falls by British indie pop band, Veronica Falls.	Found Love in a Graveyard	Veronica Falls
performer	Streets of Rock & Roll is a studio album by heavy metal band Keel, released in 2010.	Streets of Rock & Roll	Keel
performer	``Bus durch London'' is a single by Christina Stürmer released in 2004.	Bus durch London	Christina Stürmer
performer	Rejoicing with the Light is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1983 and featuring performances of five of Abrams' compositions by a fourteen member orchestra.	Rejoicing with the Light	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	'Lil' Hand' is the debut album from Fish Go Deep, that showcases their collaboration with Dublin based vocalist/lyricist Tracey Kelliher.	Lil' Hand	Fish Go Deep
performer	Life in Cartoon Motion is the debut album released by British recording artist Mika.	Life in Cartoon Motion	Mika
performer	``Tomber la chemise'' (English: literally ``Take Off Your Shirt'' but the meaning is ``Get ready to play hard'') is a 1998 song by the Toulousian collective Zebda.	Tomber la chemise	Zebda
performer	``Jóga'' is a song by Björk, released as the first single from her 1997 album Homogenic.	Jóga	Björk
performer	Sentimental Hygiene is the sixth studio album by rock singer/songwriter Warren Zevon.	Sentimental Hygiene	Warren Zevon
performer	The Long Road Back is the fourth studio album released by Australian singer-songwriter Peter Andre.	The Long Road Back	Peter Andre
performer	``People Hold On'' is a song recorded by British band Coldcut and singer Lisa Stansfield, released as the first single from Coldcut's debut album, What's That Noise? (1989).	People Hold On	Coldcut	Lisa Stansfield
performer	Try Anything Once is the first solo album created by Alan Parsons following the split of The Alan Parsons Project.	Try Anything Once	Alan Parsons
performer	The Forgotten Arm is an album by singer-songwriter Aimee Mann with illustrations by artist Owen Smith.	The Forgotten Arm	Aimee Mann
performer	Don't Get Comfortable is first studio album from contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath.	Don't Get Comfortable	Brandon Heath
performer	``Christmas Time (Don't Let the Bells End)'' is a single released by British hard rock band The Darkness.	Christmas Time (Don't Let the Bells End)	The Darkness
performer	Turning the Mind is the second album from Northampton-based band Maps, released in 2009.	Turning the Mind	Maps
performer	Holding Together is an album by American jazz saxophonist Oliver Lake recorded in 1975 for the Italian Black Saint label.	Holding Together	Oliver Lake
performer	``Jugband Blues'' is a song by the English psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd, and is featured on their second album, A Saucerful of Secrets, released in 1968.	Jugband Blues	Pink Floyd
performer	``Runnin' Away with My Heart'' is a song performed by American country music band Lonestar.	Runnin' Away with My Heart	Lonestar
performer	Hey, Y'all is the first major-label album of country music singer Elizabeth Cook.	Hey, Y'all	Elizabeth Cook
performer	``All Your Reasons'' is a song from Matchbox Twenty's fourth album, Exile on Mainstream.	All Your Reasons	Matchbox Twenty
performer	The Pinkprint is the third studio album by Trinidadian-born American recording artist Nicki Minaj.	The Pinkprint	Nicki Minaj
performer	Final Attraction is the debut studio album by German band Cinema Bizarre.	Final Attraction	Cinema Bizarre
performer	``Propane Nightmares'' is the second single from Australian drum and bass band Pendulum's second album In Silico.	Propane Nightmares	Pendulum
performer	Freedom Run is the third studio album by The Rifles released 19 September 2011, produced by Charles Rees and Chris Potter.	Freedom Run	The Rifles
performer	Popaganda is the second album by rock group Head Automatica.	Popaganda	Head Automatica
performer	``Natural One'' is an alternative rock song by the band The Folk Implosion.	Natural One	The Folk Implosion
performer	Uncle Charlie & His Dog Teddy is the 1970 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band that contains the hit song ``Mr. Bojangles''.	Uncle Charlie & His Dog Teddy	Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
performer	Faces, Forms & Illusions is an album by the Canadian ambient/electronic music group Delerium that was released on January 6, 1989 on the Dossier label.	Faces, Forms & Illusions	Delerium
performer	``Bir Oluruz Yolunda'' (English: We are united on your way) also known as ``Milli Takım'' is a modified version of the song Taş on Tarkan's previous album Karma.	Bir Oluruz Yolunda	Tarkan
performer	The Meaning of 8 is the seventh studio album by the experimental indie rock band Cloud Cult.	The Meaning of 8	Cloud Cult
performer	``Sex Is Not the Enemy'' was a single released from Garbage's fourth album Bleed Like Me in June 2005 in United Kingdom.	Sex Is Not the Enemy	Garbage
performer	Johnny Harper is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., played by Ryan Donowho.	Johnny Harper	Ryan Donowho
performer	``Uh La La La'' is a song recorded by the Italian singer Alexia released in 1997 featuring additional vocals by an uncredited male rapper.	Uh La La La	Alexia
performer	Country Hit Time is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb, released in 1968 (see 1968 in music).	Country Hit Time	Ernest Tubb
performer	``Gotta Work'' is a song by American R&B singer-songwriter Amerie, and is the second international single from her third studio album, Because I Love It (2007).	Gotta Work	Amerie
performer	Flying the Corporate Jet is an album by American alternative rock band Nine Days.	Flying the Corporate Jet	Nine Days
performer	The Sheik of Scrubby Creek is the debut album of country singer Chad Morgan.	The Sheik of Scrubby Creek	Chad Morgan
performer	``Grazing in the Grass'' is an instrumental composed by Philemon Hou and first recorded by the South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela.	Grazing in the Grass	Hugh Masekela
performer	Faith and Failure is the debut album of Century, released in 2006.	Faith and Failure	Century
performer	``Why Can't You Free Some Time'' is the first and only single from U.S. DJ Armand Van Helden's fifth album, Gandhi Khan.	Why Can't You Free Some Time	Armand Van Helden
performer	Covered in Guns is a cover album released by Phil Lewis's version of L.A. Guns in 2010.	Covered in Guns	L.A. Guns
performer	Secession Makes Post-Modern Music is the first, self-produced demo by Italian band Klimt 1918.	Secession Makes Post-Modern Music	Klimt 1918
performer	``Tonight It's You'' is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as the lead single from their 1985 album Standing on the Edge.	Tonight It's You	Cheap Trick
performer	Stephilosophy is an album by Stephy Tang, and was released on December 20, 2007 in conjunction with her first concert.	Stephilosophy	Stephy Tang
performer	Beaus$Eros (pronounced ``bows & arrows'') is a studio album by American alternative hip hop artist Busdriver.	Beaus$Eros	Busdriver
performer	Ancestral Romance is the eighth full-length album by the Spanish power metal band Dark Moor, released on 24 November 2010.	Ancestral Romance	Dark Moor
performer	``Supersatellite'' is a song by Canadian music group Our Lady Peace.	Supersatellite	Our Lady Peace
performer	``Prove It All Night'' is the penultimate song on Bruce Springsteen's fourth studio album Darkness on the Edge of Town, and the first single released from it.	Prove It All Night	Bruce Springsteen
performer	In Search of Angels is a 1999 album, the tenth by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.	In Search of Angels	Runrig
performer	``As the Years Go By'' is the first single by rock fusion band Mashmakhan from their self-titled debut album.	As the Years Go By	Mashmakhan
performer	Graduated Fool is the third studio album from Dutch singer Anouk, released on November 22, 2002.	Graduated Fool	Anouk
performer	Smak ciszy is the second studio album by the Polish heavy metal band Turbo.	Smak ciszy	Turbo
performer	Hearts of the Innocent is the fourth album released by the Christian rock band Kutless.	Hearts of the Innocent	Kutless
performer	Can't Run from Yourself is an album by Country singer Tanya Tucker.	Can't Run from Yourself	Tanya Tucker
performer	Red Silent Tides is the sixth album by Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking.	Red Silent Tides	Elvenking
performer	Superwombling was the fourth and final album (apart from compilations) released by The Wombles.	Superwombling	The Wombles
performer	Murder Squad Nationwide is an album by American rap group South Central Cartel and friends.	Murder Squad Nationwide	South Central Cartel
performer	``Koi Kogarete'' is the third single from Beni under the label Universal Japan.	Koi Kogarete	Beni
performer	``You Don't Know What It's Like'' is a song by the Canadian rock band Econoline Crush from their third studio album, Brand New History.	You Don't Know What It's Like	Econoline Crush
performer	Educação Sentimental (English: Sentimental education) is the second studio album released by Brazilian pop music band Kid Abelha.	Educação Sentimental	Kid Abelha
performer	``Send Me a Lover'' is a single performed by Taylor Dayne, written by Rick Hahn and George Thatcher, and released on September 6, 1993 from her Soul Dancing album (July 12, 1993).	Send Me a Lover	Taylor Dayne
performer	``I Feel Like a Bullet (In the Gun of Robert Ford)'' is a song on British pop singer Elton John's 1975 album Rock of the Westies.	I Feel Like a Bullet (In the Gun of Robert Ford)	Elton John
performer	The Magician's Birthday is the fifth album released by British rock band Uriah Heep.	The Magician's Birthday	Uriah Heep
performer	Sick Love is an remix album by V/Vm consisting of remixed pop songs about love.	Sick Love	V/Vm
performer	Danseparc was Martha and the Muffins' fourth album, recorded in 1982 at Grant Avenue Studios in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada and released in 1983.	Danseparc	Martha and the Muffins
performer	``Por Amarte Así'' (English: ``Loving You This Way'') is a song written by Alejandro Montalbán and Eduardo Reyes and performed by Mexican recording artist Cristian Castro.	Por Amarte Así	Cristian Castro
performer	Favourite Fears is the debut album by New Zealand band The Earlybirds.	Favourite Fears	The Earlybirds
performer	Welcome to Blue Island was the final recording of new studio material by Enuff Z'nuff before lead singer Donnie Vie left the group in 2002.	Welcome to Blue Island	Enuff Z'nuff
performer	I Am the Blues is the sixth studio Chicago blues album released in 1970 by the well-known bluesman Willie Dixon.	I Am the Blues	Willie Dixon
performer	The Green Fields of Foreverland is the first album released by Isobel Campbell's solo project, The Gentle Waves.	The Green Fields of Foreverland	Isobel Campbell
performer	``Angel Trip'' is the sixth single by Vamps, released on June 9, 2010.	Angel Trip	Vamps
performer	``Dov'è l'amore'' (Italian pronunciation: (doˈvɛ laˈmoːɾe); English: Where's the Love) is the fourth international single by American singer-actress Cher from her twenty-second studio album, Believe.	Dov'è l'amore	Cher
performer	B.L.E.V.E. is the debut studio album by Kansas City rapper Kutt Calhoun, released on August 10, 2004.	B.L.E.V.E.	Kutt Calhoun
performer	Limelite, Luv & Niteclubz is the fourth and most recent studio album by American rapper Da Brat.	Limelite, Luv & Niteclubz	Da Brat
performer	For the Songs by Sinatra radio program, see The Frank Sinatra Show (radio program).	Songs by Sinatra	Frank Sinatra
performer	``Alone Again Or'' is a song originally recorded in 1967 by the rock group Love and written by band member Bryan MacLean.	Alone Again Or	Love
performer	How Are We Getting Home? is a 2004 album by Gaelic Storm.	How Are We Getting Home?	Gaelic Storm
performer	``Lay Your Hands on Me'' is a song written by Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora and recorded by the American rock band Bon Jovi.	Lay Your Hands on Me	Bon Jovi
performer	``Finish What We Started'' is a song written Michael Noble and Monty Powell, and recorded by American country music group Diamond Rio.	Finish What We Started	Diamond Rio
performer	Shame, Shame is the sixth album by psychedelic rock band Dr. Dog.	Shame, Shame	Dr. Dog
performer	Screaming Fields of Sonic Love is a compilation album of songs culled from Sonic Youth's various releases from the 1980s.	Screaming Fields of Sonic Love	Sonic Youth
performer	In2ition is the second studio album by Croatian cello duo, 2Cellos.	In2ition	2Cellos
performer	``Your Imagination'' is a song written by Brian Wilson, Joe Thomas and Steve Dahl for Brian Wilson's 1998 solo album Imagination.	Your Imagination	Brian Wilson
performer	Traced in Air is the second full-length album by the progressive metal band Cynic.	Traced in Air	Cynic
performer	``Grillz'' is a song by American rapper Nelly from his compilation album Sweatsuit.	Grillz	Nelly
performer	Get Warmer is the fourth full-length album by DIY collective Bomb the Music Industry!.	Get Warmer	Bomb the Music Industry
performer	``When You're Mad'' is the third U.S. single from American R&B-pop singer Ne-Yo's debut album, In My Own Words.	When You're Mad	Ne-Yo
performer	``C-lebrity'' is the second single from The Cosmos Rocks album by Queen + Paul Rodgers.	C-lebrity	Queen + Paul Rodgers
performer	Looks Like Rain is the 1969 concept album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury.	Looks Like Rain	Mickey Newbury
performer	Hell of a Tester (sometimes written Hellofatester) is the third studio album by The Rasmus, then called Rasmus.	Hell of a Tester	The Rasmus
performer	``Indépendance Cha Cha'' (French; ``Independence cha cha'') was a song performed by Joseph Kabasele (best known by his stage name, Le Grand Kallé) from the group L'African Jazz in the popular African Rumba style.	Indépendance Cha Cha	Le Grand Kallé
performer	The Snake Decides is an album by British jazz saxophonist Evan Parker.	The Snake Decides	Evan Parker
performer	``The Gravedigger's Song'' is a song by American alternative rock musician Mark Lanegan.	The Gravedigger's Song	Mark Lanegan
performer	Age of Feminine is the first album released by American rapper, Kellee Maize.	Age of Feminine	Kellee Maize
performer	``A Swingin' Safari'' is an instrumental composed by Bert Kaempfert in 1962.	A Swingin' Safari	Bert Kaempfert
performer	This Ole Boy is the sixth studio album by American country music singer Craig Morgan.	This Ole Boy	Craig Morgan
performer	Idealno loša (English: Ideally Bad) is the thirteenth studio album by Serbian pop-folk singer Ceca.	Idealno loša	Ceca
performer	``Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)'' is a song by Samantha Fox that appeared on her second album and was released as a single in 1988.	Naughty Girls (Need Love Too)	Samantha Fox
performer	Sex, Drugs & Video Games is a mixtape by American rapper David Banner; it was released on May 22, 2012.	Sex, Drugs & Video Games	David Banner
performer	``Sounds of Then (This is Australia)'' is a 1985 song by Australian band Gang Gajang from their self-titled debut album, Gang Gajang.	Sounds of Then	Gang Gajang
performer	Prove You Wrong is the third album by the metal band Prong.	Prove You Wrong	Prong
performer	``Stop, Listen, Look & Think'' is a song by the American girl group Exposé.	Stop, Listen, Look & Think	Exposé
performer	One Life Stand is the fourth studio album by English electronic band Hot Chip, released digitally on 1 February 2010.	One Life Stand	Hot Chip
performer	``One Man in My Heart'' is a song recorded by British synthpop band The Human League.	One Man in My Heart	The Human League
performer	``Min kärlek'' (Swedish: My Love) is the greatest hit and fourth official single from the Swedish pop singer Shirley Clamp.	Min kärlek	Shirley Clamp
performer	'Les Vierges du Québec' is the twelfth studio album by Canadian Singer/Songwriter Jean-Pierre Ferland.	Les Vierges du Québec	Jean-Pierre Ferland
performer	``If You Change Your Mind'' is a song co-written recorded by American country music artist Rosanne Cash who co-wrote the song with Hank DeVito.	If You Change Your Mind	Rosanne Cash
performer	``Sorry, I'm a Lady'' is a song co-written by Rolf Soja and Frank Dostal, performed by the Spanish duo Baccara.	Sorry, I'm a Lady	Baccara
performer	``Pon de Replay'' is the debut single recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, from her debut studio album Music of the Sun (2005).	Pon de Replay	Rihanna
performer	``You Can't Catch Me'' is a song written and performed by Chuck Berry, released as a single in 1956.	You Can't Catch Me	Chuck Berry
performer	Con Todo Mi Corazón (English: With All My Heart) is the second album from Latin music singer and winner of the second season of Objetivo Fama, Anaís.	Con Todo Mi Corazón	Anaís
performer	``She Cries Your Name'' is a song by Beth Orton, released as her third single and found on her 1996 release Trailer Park.	She Cries Your Name	Beth Orton
performer	Rare Demos & Freestyles Vol. 2 is the second rarities compilation by American hip hop musician Necro, released on May 1, 2001 by Psycho+Logical-Records.	Rare Demos & Freestyles Vol. 2	Necro
performer	Nine-Thirty is the tenth album by Jandek, and one of two released in 1985, and was released as Corwood 0748.	Nine-Thirty	Jandek
performer	Beat the Boots II is a box set by Frank Zappa.	Beat the Boots II	Frank Zappa
performer	``Click Clack'' is a song recorded by Dutch teen singer Ralf Mackenbach.	Click Clack	Ralf Mackenbach
performer	Do the Bambi is Stereo Total's sixth album.	Do the Bambi	Stereo Total
performer	Throwin' Down is a Rick James album from 1982.	Throwin' Down	Rick James
performer	Curiosum is the ninth album by the electronic music outfit Cluster.	Curiosum	Cluster
performer	Meccano Mind is the first album and currently the only album of the electronic music duo Syntax, released by Illustrious Records in 2004.	Meccano Mind	Syntax
performer	9th Empyrean is the second studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic, released in 2000.	9th Empyrean	Chthonic
performer	The Battle of the Ivory Plains is the debut album by the Power metal band Dragonland, based on the first part of The Dragonland Chronicles saga.	The Battle of the Ivory Plains	Dragonland
performer	``So Sad About Us'' is a 1966 song by British rock band The Who, first released on the band's second album A Quick One.	So Sad About Us	The Who
performer	``Turn My Life Up'' is the first studio album of the Christian rap artist, Sho Baraka.	Turn My Life Up	Sho Baraka
performer	``I Need a Girl (Part Two)'' is a 2002 single by American rapper P. Diddy with the collaboration of Ginuwine, Loon, Mario Winans and Tammy Ruggeri from the album We Invented the Remix.	I Need a Girl (Part Two)	Ginuwine	Loon	Mario Winans
performer	Who Knows What Tomorrow's Gonna Bring? is an album by American organist Brother Jack McDuff recorded in 1970 and released on the Blue Note label.	Who Knows What Tomorrow's Gonna Bring?	Jack McDuff
performer	Country Church Time is the 1959 country/gospel music studio album released by George Jones on January 20, 1959.	Country Church Time	George Jones
performer	Pretties for You is the debut album by the Alice Cooper band.	Pretties for You	Alice Cooper
performer	``My Mistake (Was to Love You)'' is a song recorded as a duet by Diana Ross and Marvin Gaye which was the second single released off the singers' duet album Diana & Marvin in February 1974.	My Mistake (Was to Love You)	Diana Ross	Marvin Gaye
performer	La La La Love Thang is the ninth studio album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota, released on December 2, 1996.	La La La Love Thang	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	L'Échec du matériel (English: Failure of Materiality) is the fifth studio album by Québécois singer and musician Daniel Bélanger.	L'Échec du matériel	Daniel Bélanger
performer	``Belfast Child'' is a song by Simple Minds, first released as the lead track on the ``Ballad of the Streets'' EP on 6 February 1989.	Belfast Child	Simple Minds
performer	``Gimme All Your Lovin''' is a song by ZZ Top from their 1983 album Eliminator.	Gimme All Your Lovin'	ZZ Top
performer	Bayreuth 3 is the twelfth studio album and the final chapter of the Bayreuth trilogy, released by Joachim Witt in 2006.	Bayreuth 3	Joachim Witt
performer	The End of an Ear is the debut solo album by Soft Machine's Robert Wyatt.	The End of an Ear	Robert Wyatt
performer	``Take Your Chance'', is a song written by Bülent Aris, Rainer Kesselbauer, Toni Cottura, and Rodney Hardison and performed by Fun Factory.	Take Your Chance	Fun Factory
performer	Swamp of Love was the third LP release by the Montreal-based Canadian garage-rock band Deja Voodoo.	Swamp of Love	Deja Voodoo
performer	``Tváre pred zrkadlom'' (``Faces in Front of the Mirror'') is a song by Slovak singer-songwriter Marika Gombitová, released on OPUS in 1989.	Tváre pred zrkadlom	Marika Gombitová
performer	The Bedroom Tapes is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's 24th album, and 20th studio album, released in 2000.	The Bedroom Tapes	Carly Simon
performer	``You Found Me'' is the first single by Denver-based piano rock band The Fray from their eponymous, second studio album.	You Found Me	The Fray
performer	``Mr. Big Stuff'' is a song by singer Jean Knight.	Mr. Big Stuff	Jean Knight
performer	``She Makes Me Go'' is a song by Iranian-Swedish singer, entertainer and producer Arash released as a single from his fourth studio album, Superman, which was released in November 2014.	She Makes Me Go	Arash
performer	``Swimming with the Kids'' is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus, originally released on the band's third album Hell of a Tester on 2 November 1998.	Swimming with the Kids	The Rasmus
performer	``Grapevyne'' is a single by American R&B vocal group Brownstone.	Grapevyne	Brownstone
performer	Highway to Hangovers is debut studio album by Bourbon Crow, released in 2006.	Highway to Hangovers	Bourbon Crow
performer	Automatic Thrill is the fifth and last album released by the Norwegian band Gluecifer.	Automatic Thrill	Gluecifer
performer	``Neuköln'' is an instrumental piece written by David Bowie and Brian Eno in 1977 for the album ``Heroes''.	Neuköln	David Bowie
performer	God Bless Satan is the debut album of ska punk band Mephiskapheles.	God Bless Satan	Mephiskapheles
performer	``Does He Love You'' is a song written by Sandy Knox and Billy Stritch, and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Reba McEntire and Linda Davis.	Does He Love You	Reba McEntire	Linda Davis
performer	``Misty Morning, Albert Bridge'' is a 1989 single by the British-Irish folk rock band The Pogues.	Misty Morning, Albert Bridge	The Pogues
performer	Det har jag ångrat tusenfalt is a 2004 studio album by Swedish band the Drifters.	Det har jag ångrat tusenfalt	Drifters
performer	``I Lie Around'' is a song by Paul McCartney & Wings that was released as the B-side to the ``Live and Let Die'' single in 1973.	I Lie Around	Wings
performer	Bankstatement is a solo project by Genesis keyboardist Tony Banks, issued under a band name.	Bankstatement	Tony Banks
performer	Totally Hot is Olivia Newton-John's ninth US and tenth international studio album.	Totally Hot	Olivia Newton-John
performer	Romance at Short Notice is the second and last album by Dirty Pretty Things, released in the UK on 30 June 2008.	Romance at Short Notice	Dirty Pretty Things
performer	Culture of Ascent is the tenth studio album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer, released on October 23rd, 2007.	Culture of Ascent	Glass Hammer
performer	Iaora Tahiti is the second album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars, released in 1995.	Iaora Tahiti	Mouse on Mars
performer	Won't Be Blue Anymore is the fifth studio album by country music artist Dan Seals.	Won't Be Blue Anymore	Dan Seals
performer	Smashing Anthems is the eleventh studio album released by Japanese voice actress and pop singer Nana Mizuki on November 11, 2015.	Smashing Anthems	Nana Mizuki
performer	``Resignation Superman'' is the first track and first single released from Colorado rock band Big Head Todd & the Monsters' album Beautiful World.	Resignation Superman	Big Head Todd & the Monsters
performer	Guide to Extinction is the third studio album of industrial rock band, Nocturne.	Guide to Extinction	Nocturne
performer	Ko To No O To is a 7`` release by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.	Ko To No O To	Merzbow
performer	``I Wanna Come Over'' is a song written by Richard Berardi and Michael Berardi, and performed by American country music band Alabama.	I Wanna Come Over	Alabama
performer	Noctourniquet is the sixth and final studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta, released on March 26, 2012 on Warner Bros..	Noctourniquet	The Mars Volta
performer	Rum & Coke is a 2009 album by British electronica band Dub Pistols.	Rum & Coke	Dub Pistols
performer	I Am the Golden Gate Bridge is the first album by rock band Creature with the Atom Brain.	I Am the Golden Gate Bridge	Creature with the Atom Brain
performer	Mechtatel (Russian: Мечтатель, English: Dreamer) is the sixth album by Russian singer-songwriter Dima Bilan.	Mechtatel	Dima Bilan
performer	``Cut You In'' is a song by American rock musician Jerry Cantrell.	Cut You In	Jerry Cantrell
performer	Calling Card is the sixth studio release by Irish singer/guitarist Rory Gallagher.	Calling Card	Rory Gallagher
performer	This Is the Way That I Feel is the name of the fourth solo studio album released by American country music singer, Marie Osmond.	This Is the Way That I Feel	Marie Osmond
performer	There Are Debts is an album by David Hopkins, released in December 2010.	There Are Debts	David Hopkins
performer	In 1981, Ronnie Milsap covered ``Am I Losing You'' for his album Out Where the Bright Lights Are Glowing.	Am I Losing You	Ronnie Milsap
performer	``The Battle Hymn of Love'' is a song written by Paul Overstreet and Don Schlitz, and recorded by American country music artists Kathy Mattea and Tim O'Brien as a duet.	The Battle Hymn of Love	Kathy Mattea	Tim O'Brien
performer	The Butcher's Ballroom is Swedish avant-garde metal band Diablo Swing Orchestra's first full length album, released in 2006.	The Butcher's Ballroom	Diablo Swing Orchestra
performer	The Eight Dimensions (simplified Chinese: 八度空间; traditional Chinese: 八度空間; pinyin: bā dù kōng jīan) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's third Mandarin studio album.	The Eight Dimensions	Jay Chou
performer	``Weihnachtsmann vom Dach'' (Santa Claus from the roof) is a Christmas song by Die Toten Hosen, released as Die Roten Rosen.	Weihnachtsmann vom Dach	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``Darts of Pleasure'' is the debut single by the Glasgow-based indie rock band Franz Ferdinand, released in the United Kingdom on 8 September 2003 and in North America on 18 November 2003, both through Domino Records.	Darts of Pleasure	Franz Ferdinand
performer	Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy is the second album by Sheffield band Little Man Tate released on 15 September 2008.	Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy	Little Man Tate
performer	Spoken For is the second studio album by Christian rock band MercyMe.	Spoken For	MercyMe
performer	A Woman Needs Love is a 1981 album by American band Raydio, led by guitarist singer/songwriter Ray Parker, Jr..	A Woman Needs Love	Raydio
performer	Movin' Melodies is André Tanneberger's debut studio album under the stage name of ATB.	Movin' Melodies	ATB
performer	``Star Generation'' is a song recorded by James Brown.	Star Generation	James Brown
performer	Born in Babylon is the third full-length studio album by reggae band SOJA.	Born in Babylon	SOJA
performer	All Women Are Bitches is a single by the Toronto band Fifth Column.	All Women Are Bitches	Fifth Column
performer	``The Stuff That Dreams Are Made Of'' is the third single from Carly Simon's 1987 album Coming Around Again.	The Stuff That Dreams Are Made Of	Carly Simon
performer	``No Rain'' is a song by American alternative rock group Blind Melon, which was written by the bass player Brad Smith.	No Rain	Blind Melon
performer	Expect No Mercy is the ninth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth, released in 1977.	Expect No Mercy	Nazareth
performer	``Catch Me I'm Falling'' is a 1984 song by Australian band Real Life, released on the album Heartland.	Catch Me I'm Falling	Real Life
performer	``Velcro Fly'' is the fifth single off ZZ Top's 1985 album Afterburner.	Velcro Fly	ZZ Top
performer	More Fuel For the Fire is an EP released by American indie-rock band Deer Tick.	More Fuel For the Fire	Deer Tick
performer	The Final Requiem is the fourth studio album released by power metal band Axenstar.	The Final Requiem	Axenstar
performer	``Hella Good'' is a song by the American rock band No Doubt, taken from their fifth studio album Rock Steady (2001).	Hella Good	No Doubt
performer	Drive Through Charisma is the 1993 debut album by the Australian rock band The Fauves, released on Polydor.	Drive Through Charisma	The Fauves
performer	``It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry'' is a song written by Bob Dylan, that was originally released on his seminal album Highway 61 Revisited.	It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry	Bob Dylan
performer	Another Workout is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on December 5, 1961 and first released on the Blue Note label in 1985.	Another Workout	Hank Mobley
performer	While Passing Along This Way is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1994.	While Passing Along This Way	Norman Blake
performer	This Time It's Personal is the second studio album by American contemporary R&B group Somethin' for the People, released September 23, 1997 via Warner Bros. Records.	This Time It's Personal	Somethin' for the People
performer	Sometimes Like This I Talk is the second studio album by tenor saxophonist Steve Mackay.	Sometimes Like This I Talk	Steve Mackay
performer	``Them Heavy People'' is a song written and recorded by Kate Bush, from her debut album The Kick Inside.	Them Heavy People	Kate Bush
performer	GHV2 (an abbreviation of Greatest Hits Volume 2) is the second greatest hits compilation album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on November 12, 2001, by Maverick Records.	GHV2	Madonna
performer	``It's Been Awhile'' is a song recorded by rock band Staind.	It's Been Awhile	Staind
performer	The People Dem is reggae, dancehall artist Capleton's twelfith studio album.	The People Dem	Capleton
performer	Goin' to the Meeting is an album by saxophonist Eddie ``Lockjaw'' Davis recorded in 1962 for the Prestige label.	Goin' to the Meeting	Eddie ``Lockjaw'' Davis
performer	``On the Backs of Angels'' is a song by American progressive metal/rock band Dream Theater, featured on their 11th studio album A Dramatic Turn of Events.	On the Backs of Angels	Dream Theater
performer	Tall Blonde Helicopter is the third studio album from British musician Francis Dunnery, released in 1995.	Tall Blonde Helicopter	Francis Dunnery
performer	Many Pieces is the fifth album of the Japanese pop rock group Every Little Thing, released on March 19, 2003.	Many Pieces	Every Little Thing
performer	Can I Burn? 2 is the fifth album released by the rapper Fiend.	Can I Burn? 2	Fiend
performer	Soul Shoutin' is a collaboration studio album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 for Prestige and issued in 1964 as PRLP 7312.	Soul Shoutin'	Shirley Scott
performer	...art is the third album from the Australian rock band, Regurgitator, released in 1999.	...art	Regurgitator
performer	``Baila Mi Corazón'' (My Heart Dances) is the lead single from Belanova's third studio album, Fantasía Pop. The song premiered on July 2, 2007 in Mexico, followed by release in Argentina, Spain, the United States and the rest of Latin America.	Baila Mi Corazón	Belanova
performer	``Oildale (Leave Me Alone)'' is the lead single from Korn's ninth studio album, Korn III:	Oildale (Leave Me Alone)	Korn
performer	How to Get Everything You Ever Wanted in Ten Easy Steps is the third album by English indie band The Ordinary Boys, released following on from lead singer Preston's appearance on Celebrity Big Brother in January 2006.	How to Get Everything You Ever Wanted in Ten Easy Steps	The Ordinary Boys
performer	Blues and Haikus is the American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac's second album and was released in 1959.	Blues and Haikus	Jack Kerouac
performer	Live Volume is a live album released by metal band Corrosion of Conformity on August 7, 2001.	Live Volume	Corrosion of Conformity
performer	``Kalpsizsin'' is a pop song by Turkish girl group Hepsi.	Kalpsizsin	Hepsi
performer	``Never Knew I Needed'' is a 2009 single written and performed by American R&B singer Ne-Yo for the 2009 Walt Disney Pictures film The Princess and the Frog.	Never Knew I Needed	Ne-Yo
performer	U Make Ai Dream will be performed by the J-pop singer, Kotoko which will be composed and arranged by the I've Sound founder, Kazuya Takase.	U Make Ai Dream	Kotoko
performer	``Fire in Your New Shoes'' is the second single from Dynasty, an album by American house DJ Kaskade.	Fire in Your New Shoes	Kaskade
performer	Moody Pike, the second LP from Pale Horse and Rider, featured Gerald Menke (ex-Mercury Rev), Mike Pride, as well as Palace Brothers' Paul Oldham.	Moody Pike	Pale Horse and Rider
performer	``Subterraneans'' is a song by David Bowie, the closing track of his 1977 album Low.	Subterraneans	David Bowie
performer	``Bye and Bye'' is a song written by Bob Dylan, released in 2001 as the fourth track on his album Love and Theft.	Bye and Bye	Bob Dylan
performer	The Orange Album is the debut album by Stefy, released on August 29, 2006.	The Orange Album	Stefy
performer	En Adir, subtitled Traditional Jewish Songs, is an album by Brazilian jazz saxophonist Ivo Perelman, which was recorded in 1996 and released on the Music & Arts label.	En Adir	Ivo Perelman
performer	``La Llamada'' (English: ``The Phone Call'') is a song recorded by American recording artist Selena for her first live album Live! (1993).	La Llamada	Selena
performer	``Yung Rapunxel'' (stylized as #YUNGRAPUNXEL) is a song recorded by American singer/rapper Azealia Banks for her debut studio album titled Broke with Expensive Taste.	Yung Rapunxel	Azealia Banks
performer	Rejected Unknown is a 2001 album by acclaimed outsider musician Daniel Johnston.	Rejected Unknown	Daniel Johnston
performer	``Shor Macha'' (Urdu: شور مچا, literal English translation: ``make noise'') is a song by the Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm.	Shor Macha	Entity Paradigm
performer	``On and On and On'' is a pop song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA in 1980 for their Super Trouper album.	On and On and On	ABBA
performer	``Please Don't Break My Heart'' is a song by Greek pop singer Kalomoira, featuring American rapper Fatman Scoop.	Please Don't Break My Heart	Fatman Scoop
performer	Perverted by Language is the sixth studio album by English Post-punk band The Fall.	Perverted by Language	The Fall
performer	Della by Starlight is the seventh album by jazz singer Della Reese, and her second for RCA Victor.	Della by Starlight	Della Reese
performer	``Nowhere Without You'' is the second single from Kevin Mitchell, in the guise of ``Bob Evans'', taken from the second Evans album, Suburban Songbook.	Nowhere Without You	Bob Evans
performer	Soul Samba (aka Bossa Nova Soul Samba) is an album by American saxophonist Ike Quebec recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label.	Soul Samba	Ike Quebec
performer	``Shut Up (and Sleep with Me)'' is a song by German eurodance artist Sin With Sebastian.	Shut Up (and Sleep with Me)	Sin With Sebastian
performer	Sleep Forever is the second album by San Diego rock band Crocodiles.	Sleep Forever	Crocodiles
performer	``Cook of the House'' is a song written by Paul McCartney that was first released on Wings' 1976 album Wings at the Speed of Sound.	Cook of the House	Wings
performer	Super Flight is the second album by Casiopea recorded and released in 1979.	Super Flight	Casiopea
performer	``People of the South Wind'' is a progressive rock single recorded by Kansas and written by Kerry Livgren for their 1979 album Monolith.	People of the South Wind	Kansas
performer	``Something Deep Inside'' is the second single taken from Billie Piper's second album, Walk of Life.	Something Deep Inside	Billie Piper
performer	``Mer du Japon'' is a song by the French duo Air and is the eighth track on their 2007 studio album Pocket Symphony.	Mer du Japon	Air
performer	``Cannot Be Saved'' is the third single by Welsh rock band The Automatic, taken from their third album Tear the Signs Down.	Cannot Be Saved	The Automatic
performer	``Flying the Flag (For You)'' is a song performed by British pop/bubblegum dance group Scooch.	Flying the Flag (For You)	Scooch
performer	The Wretched Spawn is the ninth studio album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse.	The Wretched Spawn	Cannibal Corpse
performer	``Sending All My Love'' is the debut single released by freestyle/pop group Linear from their 1990 eponymous debut album.	Sending All My Love	Linear
performer	Stranded in Suburbia is the title of Melissa McClelland's second album.	Stranded in Suburbia	Melissa McClelland
performer	``Enough Cryin'' a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige from her seventh studio album, The Breakthrough (2005).	Enough Cryin	Mary J. Blige
performer	``Planet Caravan'' is a psychedelic song by the English rock band Black Sabbath.	Planet Caravan	Black Sabbath
performer	Saviorz Day is the second official album by hip hop group Sunz of Man.	Saviorz Day	Sunz of Man
performer	Song for My Daughter is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.	Song for My Daughter	Jack Wilson
performer	Diamanter is a 2001 album from Swedish ``dansband'' Arvingarna.	Diamanter	Arvingarna
performer	12 (American Song Book) is an album by Italian singer Mina, released in 2012.	12 (American Song Book)	Mina
performer	Cosa succederà alla ragazza (What will happen to the girl) is an album by the Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti.	Cosa succederà alla ragazza	Lucio Battisti
performer	Better Than Heavy is the debut album from supergroup Mongrel.	Better Than Heavy	Mongrel
performer	Brujo is an album by the American country rock band New Riders of the Purple Sage.	Brujo	New Riders of the Purple Sage
performer	Beat the Devil's Tattoo is the sixth album by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, released on March 8, 2010 in Europe and on March 9, 2010 in North America.	Beat the Devil's Tattoo	Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
performer	Yesterday's Love Songs/Today's Blues is a 1963 album by Nancy Wilson, arranged by Gerald Wilson.	Yesterday's Love Songs/Today's Blues	Nancy Wilson
performer	``Finally Made Me Happy'' is the lead single from Macy Gray's fourth studio album, Big (2007).	Finally Made Me Happy	Macy Gray
performer	``Good Lovin' Ain't Easy to Come By'' is a duet released in 1969 on the Tamla label by renowned singers Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell.	Good Lovin' Ain't Easy to Come By	Marvin Gaye	Tammi Terrell
performer	The Dark Side of the Moonnezz is the sixth studio album by Neapolitan parody singer-songwriter Tony Tammaro.	The Dark Side of the Moonnezz	Tony Tammaro
performer	``I Know Enough (I Don't Get Enough)'' is a song by Theaudience from their self-titled debut album, Theaudience.	I Know Enough (I Don't Get Enough)	Theaudience
performer	Creep On Creepin' On is the fourth studio album by Timber Timbre, released on April 5, 2011 on Arts & Crafts.	Creep On Creepin' On	Timber Timbre
performer	Nothing But Your Love is the tenth studio album of Japanese singer, Toshinobu Kubota (credited under Toshi Kubota), released on June 28, 2000.	Nothing But Your Love	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	``We Danced Together'' is the first single from The Rakes' second album Ten New Messages.	We Danced Together	The Rakes
performer	McLaren Furnace Room is the first major label album by Canadian band, The Watchmen.	McLaren Furnace Room	The Watchmen
performer	``Alien Days'' is the first single released from MGMT, the third album by MGMT, which was released as a cassette single on April 20, 2013.	Alien Days	MGMT
performer	``Mi Gente'' is a cover of Hector Lavoe's song by Marc Anthony for the movie El Cantante as he plays Lavoe himself.	Mi Gente	Marc Anthony
performer	Snockgrass is a 1980 folk album by Michael Hurley.	Snockgrass	Michael Hurley
performer	In Due Time is the 2004 debut studio album by Submersed, a hard rock band from Stephenville, Texas.	In Due Time	Submersed
performer	``Make Me Your Baby'' is a song written by Helen Miller and Roger Atkins which was a hit for Barbara Lewis in 1965.	Make Me Your Baby	Barbara Lewis
performer	Road Salt One is the seventh studio album by Swedish band Pain of Salvation, released 17 May 2010 on InsideOut.	Road Salt One	Pain of Salvation
performer	Country After All These Years is an album by guitarist Chet Atkins.	Country After All These Years	Chet Atkins
performer	``So Pure'' is a rock song written and produced by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard for Morissette's fourth album Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie (1998).	So Pure	Alanis Morissette
performer	To the Pain is the fourth album released by the nu metal band Nonpoint.	To the Pain	Nonpoint
performer	Dark Blue Dream is the second studio album by composer and keyboardest Steve Weingart.	Dark Blue Dream	Steve Weingart
performer	Gaetana is the debut album by Italian pop singer Giusy Ferreri, it was released on November 14, 2008 in Italy, and digitally in many other European countries.	Gaetana	Giusy Ferreri
performer	Soul Connection is an album by American organist John Patton recorded in 1983 and released on the Nilva label.	Soul Connection	John Patton
performer	Spooky Songs for Creepy Kids is a compilation album released in 2010 by Cuban American dark cabaret singer Voltaire.	Spooky Songs for Creepy Kids	Voltaire
performer	``Futureal'' is a single from the Iron Maiden album Virtual XI, released in 1998.	Futureal	Iron Maiden
performer	From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah is a live album by the American alternative rock band Nirvana.	From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah	Nirvana
performer	Kuka teki huorin is the fourth album of Finnish rock band Sielun Veljet.	Kuka teki huorin	Sielun Veljet
performer	``Tu Cosa Fai Stasera'' is a song by Dario Baldan Bembo, Amerigo Cassella which came third in the 1981 the competition at the Sanremo Music Festival and later made famous by Sarah Brightman, under the title Just Show Me How to Love You, when translated into English.	Just Show Me How to Love You	Sarah Brightman
performer	Shin'ai Naru Kimi e (To my beloved you) is Jun Shibata's 6th studio album.	Shin'ai Naru Kimi e	Jun Shibata
performer	Girados en Concierto (Girados Live) is a live-concert double-album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor, Miguel Bosé and Spanish singer Ana Torroja, formerly of the group Mecano.	Girados	Miguel Bosé
performer	Take It to the Floor is the debut full-length album of band Cash Cash.	Take It to the Floor	Cash Cash
performer	By the Light of the Northern Star is the fifth full-length album by the Faroese folk metal band Týr.	By the Light of the Northern Star	Týr
performer	``Walking in Memphis'' is a song composed and originally recorded by the Jewish-American singer-songwriter Marc Cohn, for whom it remains his signature song.	Walking in Memphis	Marc Cohn
performer	Whistle Rymes is the second solo album by John Entwistle, bassist for British rock band The Who.	Whistle Rymes	John Entwistle
performer	Bonded by Blood is the debut studio album by the San Francisco thrash metal band Exodus.	Bonded by Blood	Exodus
performer	Daughter of Cloud is a compilation album by psychedelic pop group of Montreal.	Daughter of Cloud	of Montreal
performer	``Nine in the Afternoon'' is a song by American rock band Panic! at the Disco, and the first single from their second album Pretty Odd.	Nine in the Afternoon	Panic! at the Disco
performer	``Glad to Be Gay'' is a song by British punk rock/new wave group Tom Robinson Band.	Glad to Be Gay	Tom Robinson Band
performer	Killing Peace is the fourth studio album by English thrash metal band Onslaught, released in 2007.	Killing Peace	Onslaught
performer	``Modern Way'' is the fourth and final single to be released by Kaiser Chiefs from their debut album Employment on 7 November 2005.	Modern Way	Kaiser Chiefs
performer	Burning Spirits is a double album by saxophonist Sonny Simmons (credited as Huey Simmons on the initial release) which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Contemporary label.	Burning Spirits	Sonny Simmons
performer	``Locked Out'' is a 1993 song by rock group Crowded House, from the group's fourth studio album Together Alone.	Locked Out	Crowded House
performer	New Arrival is the fourth and final studio album by the A-Teens, released in 2003.	New Arrival	A-Teens
performer	A Real Dead One is a live album by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, recorded in 1992/93 at concerts across Europe, and released on 25 October 1993.	A Real Dead One	Iron Maiden
performer	Bag-a-Trix is the fifth album by the hip-hop group Whodini.	Bag-a-Trix	Whodini
performer	Ding Dong Who Rang the Bell was the debut album by Franciscus Henri, released in 1972 by Fable Records, on 33 rpm vinyl record.	Ding Dong Who Rang the Bell	Franciscus Henri
performer	``Make Me Crazy'' is the second and final single by Scandal'us from their debut album Startin' Somethin‍ '​.	Make Me Crazy	Scandal'us
performer	I'm in You is Peter Frampton's fifth studio album, released in 1977.	I'm in You	Peter Frampton
performer	``Bow Chicka Wow Wow'' is a song by American recording artist Mike Posner from his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff (2010).	Bow Chicka Wow Wow	Mike Posner
performer	Dead Son Rising is the nineteenth studio album by the British musician Gary Numan, released on 15 September 2011.	Dead Son Rising	Gary Numan
performer	Distant Sounds of Summer is an album released in October 2005 by Japanese electronic musician Susumu Yokota and London-based ambient band Rothko.	Distant Sounds of Summer	Susumu Yokota
performer	``Been to Hell'' is a song by the rap rock band Hollywood Undead, the second single from their second full-length album, American Tragedy, and the first track on that album.	Been to Hell	Hollywood Undead
performer	In the Moment is the second studio album by American DJ and producer Kaskade.	In the Moment	Kaskade
performer	Heart for Sale is the second studio album by Belgian singer-songwriter, Tom Dice.	Heart for Sale	Tom Dice
performer	Saint o'Clock is the first studio album by South Korean boy band 2AM.	Saint o'Clock	2AM
performer	The Road to Rampton is a 2007 album released on CD by the Anti-Nowhere League.	The Road to Rampton	Anti-Nowhere League
performer	``Star Guitar'' is the second single from The Chemical Brothers 2002 studio album Come with Us.	Star Guitar	The Chemical Brothers
performer	La Revancha del Tango is the debut album of Gotan Project, released in 2001.	La Revancha del Tango	Gotan Project
performer	Se Dice Bisonte, No Búfalo (English: It's called bison, not buffalo) is a 10-track full-length album by Omar Rodríguez-López and the second in the ``Amsterdam series''.	Se Dice Bisonte, No Búfalo	Omar Rodríguez-López
performer	``Shake Me Down'' is the first single and fourth track on Cage the Elephant's second album Thank You, Happy Birthday.	Shake Me Down	Cage the Elephant
performer	``I Feel the Magic'' is the second single from Belinda Carlisle's debut album as a solo singer, entitled Belinda, and released in 1986.	I Feel the Magic	Belinda Carlisle
performer	Who Are the Brain Police? is a Frank Zappa song, performed by The Mothers of Invention, released on the Mothers' debut album, Freak Out!.	Who Are the Brain Police?	Frank Zappa
performer	Lives in the Balance is the eighth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).	Lives in the Balance	Jackson Browne
performer	Big Disco is Escanaba Firing Line's first full-length studio album, released in 2006.	Big Disco	Escanaba Firing Line
performer	``I Do!!'' is the debut single by American R&B singer Toya, it served as lead single from her debut Toya.	I Do!!	Toya
performer	Hot Potato Soup is the 15th studio album & 21st album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX.	Hot Potato Soup	ApologetiX
performer	Prendilo tu questo frutto amaro is a music album by Italian singer Antonello Venditti, released in 1995.	Prendilo tu questo frutto amaro	Antonello Venditti
performer	Frengers is the third album by Danish band Mew, originally released in April 2003.	Frengers	Mew
performer	Get Ready for Eytan! is the second album recorded by singer-songwriter Eytan Mirsky, released in 1999.	Get Ready for Eytan!	Eytan Mirsky
performer	``I Have Nothing'' is a song by American singer Whitney Houston and released as the third single from The Bodyguard:	I Have Nothing	Whitney Houston
performer	``Can't Nobody'' is an song performed by American recording artist Kelly Rowland.	Can't Nobody	Kelly Rowland
performer	``Time of Our Lives/Connected'' is a double A-side single written and released by Paul van Dyk.	Time of Our Lives/Connected	Paul van Dyk
performer	The Grind Date is the seventh album from hip-hop group De La Soul, released on October 5, 2004.	The Grind Date	De La Soul
performer	Scene 14 is the first full-length album by Illinois indie rock band Park.	Scene 14	Park
performer	Sinking the Eight Ball is debut album by Ruby Joe.	Sinking the Eight Ball	Ruby Joe
performer	``Me Haces Falta'' (English: I Need You) is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her fifth studio album, Como Ama una Mujer (2007).	Me Haces Falta	Jennifer Lopez
performer	``Winter Winds'' is the second single by the London folk quartet Mumford & Sons, released from their debut album, Sigh No More.	Winter Winds	Mumford & Sons
performer	The Older I Get is the third single released by the Christian rock band Skillet from their seventh album Comatose in 2007.	The Older I Get	Skillet
performer	66° Pohjoista Leveyttä was the 13th album by Mandopop singer Valen Hsu.	66° Pohjoista Leveyttä	Valen Hsu
performer	Feel the Darkness is an album released by the American hardcore punk band Poison Idea in 1990.	Feel the Darkness	Poison Idea
performer	Kings of Crunk is the fourth studio album by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.	Kings of Crunk	Lil Jon
performer	Local Business is the third album by the American punk/indie rock band Titus Andronicus.	Local Business	Titus Andronicus
performer	La Niña Buena is the second album by the Mexican singer Mariana Seoane, released in 2005.	La Niña Buena	Mariana Seoane
performer	Worse Than a Fairy Tale is the second album from Colorado band Drop Dead, Gorgeous.	Worse Than a Fairy Tale	Drop Dead, Gorgeous
performer	W spodniach czy w sukience? is the third studio album by Polish singer Ania, released in 2008.	W spodniach czy w sukience?	Ania
performer	Viaje infinito (Spanish: Infinite trip) is the fourth album by Chilean singer Nicole.	Viaje infinito	Nicole
performer	Complete Discocrappy is a double-disc discography album by Charles Bronson.	Complete Discocrappy	Charles Bronson
performer	Sex and Travel is the second album by British pop group Right Said Fred, released in 1993.	Sex and Travel	Right Said Fred
performer	``Song for Guy'' is a mainly instrumental piece of music by Elton John.	Song for Guy	Elton John
performer	African Venus is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman featuring performances recorded in 1992 and released on the Evidence label.	African Venus	Dewey Redman
performer	``Big Ole Brew'' is a song written by Russell Smith, and recorded by American country music artist, Mel McDaniel.	Big Ole Brew	Mel McDaniel
performer	The Resignation is the fourth full length release from American ska punk band Rx Bandits.	The Resignation	Rx Bandits
performer	Sensuous (センシュアス) is the 2006-2007 release by Japanese musician Cornelius.	Sensuous	Cornelius
performer	Pacific Dust is the seventh studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips.	Pacific Dust	The Mother Hips
performer	``Cartoon Heroes'' is a song by the Danish-Norwegian dance-pop group Aqua from their second studio album, Aquarius.	Cartoon Heroes	Aqua
performer	``Crocodile Rock'' is a song written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, and recorded in summer 1972 at the Château d'Hérouville studio in France (it was listed as ``Strawberry Studios'' in the album's credits), where John and his team had previously recorded the Honky Château album.	Crocodile Rock	Elton John
performer	Uncle Tony's Coloring Book is the third studio album by American hip hop producer Blockhead, released on August 14, 2007.	Uncle Tony's Coloring Book	Blockhead
performer	``The Chemicals Between Us'' is a song by alternative band Bush from their third album The Science of Things.	The Chemicals Between Us	Bush
performer	Of Breath and Bone is the third studio album by Australian melodic death metal band, Be'lakor.	Of Breath and Bone	Be'lakor
performer	Rasta Got Soul is reggae, dancehall artist Buju Banton's ninth studio album.	Rasta Got Soul	Buju Banton
performer	``State of Love and Trust'' is a song by the American alternative band Pearl Jam.	State of Love and Trust	Pearl Jam
performer	Of Cities is the second studio album by American hip hop producer DJ Signify.	Of Cities	DJ Signify
performer	Drunken Trees is the debut release by Swedish folk duo First Aid Kit.	Drunken Trees	First Aid Kit
performer	Paegan Terrorism Tactics is the second and final album by American sludge metal band Acid Bath.	Paegan Terrorism Tactics	Acid Bath
performer	``Don't Let It End'' is the third track on the 1983 album Kilroy Was Here, by Styx.	Don't Let It End	Styx
performer	You Can't Fall Off the Floor is the third studio album by the indie band What Made Milwaukee Famous released on January 22, 2013.	You Can't Fall Off the Floor	What Made Milwaukee Famous
performer	In the opinion of author Dave Lewis, Physical Graffiti: ``was a massive outpouring of (Led) Zeppelin music that proved to be the definitive summary of their studio work...	Physical Graffiti	Led) Zeppelin
performer	Blue Light, Red Light, a big band album by American artist Harry Connick Jr., released in 1991.	Blue Light, Red Light	Harry Connick
performer	``Your Love Is a Song'' was written and recorded by the alternative rock band Switchfoot.	Your Love Is a Song	Switchfoot
performer	Má Jí Motorovou is the first album by Czech hard rock band Kabát, released on November 15, 1991.	Má Jí Motorovou	Kabát
performer	``One More Red Nightmare'' is a song by progressive rock band King Crimson, the third track on their 1974 album Red.	One More Red Nightmare	King Crimson
performer	Miles from Our Home is an album by Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies, which was released in 1998.	Miles from Our Home	Cowboy Junkies
performer	Glory Bumps is the 11th full-length album by the long-standing rock band Shriekback.	Glory Bumps	Shriekback
performer	``Lover of the Light'' is a song performed by British rock band Mumford & Sons, released as the second single from their second studio album Babel (2012).	Lover of the Light	Mumford & Sons
performer	Song of Youth is a 2012 music video album by Yuvan Shankar Raja and directed by Dhanapal Padmanabhan.	Song of Youth	Yuvan Shankar Raja
performer	Counting Down is the second album by Australian boy band and pop vocal group Human Nature, released on 25 May 1999.	Counting Down	Human Nature
performer	Millbrook U.S.A. is an album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring, released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).	Millbrook U.S.A.	Golden Earring
performer	``Crazy Train'' is the first single from British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne's debut solo album, Blizzard of Ozz, released in 1980.	Crazy Train	Ozzy Osbourne
performer	``I Still Love H.E.R.'' is a song by J-hip-hop group, Teriyaki Boyz released as the first single from their studio album Serious Japanese.	I Still Love H.E.R.	Teriyaki Boyz
performer	Air Stereo is The Damnwells' second full-length album, released on August 15, 2006.	Air Stereo	The Damnwells
performer	Baby I'm Bored is an album by Evan Dando, released on February 25, 2003.	Baby I'm Bored	Evan Dando
performer	One Minute Science is the debut studio album from the British industrial music/hard rock band Sunna.	One Minute Science	Sunna
performer	Dezembros is an album by Brazilian singer Maria Bethânia released in 1987.	Dezembros	Maria Bethânia
performer	Pulya (Russian: Пуля, Bullet) is the first album by the Russian ska-punk band Leningrad.	Pulya	Leningrad
performer	Flight Tribe (Chinese: 飛行部落) is Taiwanese Mandopop band F.I.R.'s third Mandarin studio album.	Flight Tribe	F.I.R.
performer	It's Christmas Again is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1984 for the Italian Soul Note label.	It's Christmas Again	Max Roach
performer	``(If You're Wondering If I Want You To) I Want You To'' is a song by American alternative rock/power pop band Weezer.	(If You're Wondering If I Want You To) I Want You To	Weezer
performer	``My Neighbour's House'' is the first single released by The Bluetones from their fifth album, The Bluetones, in 2006.	My Neighbour's House	The Bluetones
performer	Resesi (literally Recession) is a 1983 album by the Indonesian singer Chrisye.	Resesi	Chrisye
performer	``Walking Slow'' is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne, released as the initial single from his 1974 classic album, Late for the Sky, however, the single failed to chart.	Walking Slow	Jackson Browne
performer	Bring the Family is John Hiatt's eighth album.	Bring the Family	John Hiatt
performer	Miracles for Beginners is the sixth studio album from UK singer-songwriter Nick Harper.	Miracles for Beginners	Nick Harper
performer	Back in the Circus (2004) is the fourth studio album released by Jonatha Brooke.	Back in the Circus	Jonatha Brooke
performer	``Tres Deseos'' (Three Wishes) is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as a promotional single from her second Spanish album, Abriendo Puertas.	Tres Deseos	Gloria Estefan
performer	``Ciega, Sordomuda'' (English: Blind, deaf-mute) is a song written and performed by Colombian-born singer Shakira from her second studio album Dónde Están los Ladrones? (1998).	Ciega, Sordomuda	Shakira
performer	``Slave to the Habit'' is the debut title of a song recorded by American country music artist Shane Minor.	Slave to the Habit	Shane Minor
performer	Passing Ships is the thirteenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded in 1969 but not released on the Blue Note label until 2003.	Passing Ships	Andrew Hill
performer	Let's Smile (Chinese: 讓我們一起微笑吧) is F.I.R.'s 5th Anniversary album, which was released on December 25, 2009.	Let's Smile	F.I.R.
performer	Intelligence Failure is the eighth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen and seventh with the avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, released in 2005.	Intelligence Failure	Buckethead
performer	Plan of Action is the third full-length album by Ska band The Kingpins on the Stomp record label.	Plan of Action	The Kingpins
performer	Back Up Against the Wall is the second album - the first with Ronnie Hammond on lead vocals -- by the southern rock band Atlanta Rhythm Section, released in 1973.	Back Up Against the Wall	Atlanta Rhythm Section
performer	Raise the Dead is the fourth studio album by rock band Phantom Planet.	Raise the Dead	Phantom Planet
performer	More Songs from Pooh Corner is a children's music album released in 2000 by Kenny Loggins.	More Songs from Pooh Corner	Kenny Loggins
performer	``Rock 'n' Roll Damnation'' is a single by the Australian rock band AC/DC, and the first track on their Powerage album, released in 1978.	Rock 'n' Roll Damnation	AC/DC
performer	Moe Rocks Terrastock is the second live album released by Maureen Tucker.	Moe Rocks Terrastock	Maureen Tucker
performer	``Tha Block Is Hot'' is the debut single by New Orleans rapper Lil Wayne, released as the first single from his debut album of the same name.	Tha Block Is Hot	Lil Wayne
performer	Impeccable Blahs is the fourth full-length album by Seattle-based indie rock band Say Hi.	Impeccable Blahs	Say Hi
performer	``We Belong'' is a song made popular by American rock singer Pat Benatar, released as the lead single from her sixth studio album, Tropico (1984).	We Belong	Pat Benatar
performer	Living with the Past (2002) is a live album by Jethro Tull.	Living with the Past	Jethro Tull
performer	``Keep Hope Alive'' is a single featured on the studio album Vegas by the electronica group The Crystal Method.	Keep Hope Alive	The Crystal Method
performer	It's What's Happenin' (subtitled The Varitone Sound of Clark Terry) is an album by American jazz trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Impulse! label.	It's What's Happenin'	Clark Terry
performer	``Rockit'' is a composition recorded by Herbie Hancock.	Rockit	Herbie Hancock
performer	A Tiger Dancing is the third album by the hip hop group Heiruspecs.	A Tiger Dancing	Heiruspecs
performer	``Mr. Rager'' is a song written and recorded by American recording artist Kid Cudi, taken from his second studio album Man on the Moon II:	Mr. Rager	Kid Cudi
performer	``Mi Deseo'' (``My Wish'') is a song written, produced and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís as the lead member of the band Los Bukis.	Mi Deseo	Los Bukis
performer	RoadKillOvercoat is a studio album by American Indie hip hop artist Busdriver.	RoadKillOvercoat	Busdriver
performer	``Yoru no Hate'' ( 夜の果て, End of the Night), is the first major single by the Japanese band Nico Touches the Walls from their debut album Who Are You?.	Yoru no Hate	Nico Touches the Walls
performer	``Deja Vu (Uptown Baby)'' is a song by American hip hop duo Lord Tariq and Peter Gunz, released in January 1998, as the lead single from their debut album, Make It Reign.	Deja Vu (Uptown Baby)	Lord Tariq and Peter Gunz
performer	``This Wheel's on Fire'' is a song written by Bob Dylan and Rick Danko.	This Wheel's on Fire	Bob Dylan
performer	Mastered by Guy at The Exchange is the second studio album by Ben Jacobs under his stage name of Max Tundra.	Mastered by Guy at The Exchange	Max Tundra
performer	``You Don't Care About Us'' is a single by British alternative rock band Placebo, taken as the second single from their second album, Without You I'm Nothing.	You Don't Care About Us	Placebo
performer	F.T.T.W. is the title of the third album released by H2O.	F.T.T.W.	H2O
performer	``You've Got My Number (Why Don't You Use It?)'' is a 1979 punk rock song originally written and recorded by Northern Irish band The Undertones.	You've Got My Number (Why Don't You Use It?)	The Undertones
performer	``Ocean Breathes Salty'' is the second single released from Modest Mouse's album Good News for People Who Love Bad News.	Ocean Breathes Salty	Modest Mouse
performer	``Si No Te Hubiera Conocido'' (English: ``If I Hadn't Known You'') is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera and Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi.	Si No Te Hubiera Conocido	Christina Aguilera	Luis Fonsi
performer	Try This is the third studio album by recording artist Pink.	Try This	Pink
performer	``Call Me Up in Dreamland'' is a song that was written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter, Van Morrison and included on his 1970 album, His Band and the Street Choir.	Call Me Up in Dreamland	Van Morrison
performer	``Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)'' is the opening track of the Talking Heads 1980 album Remain in Light.	Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)	Talking Heads
performer	Forever Begins Tonight is the second album by Italian baritone Patrizio Buanne.	Forever Begins Tonight	Patrizio Buanne
performer	3 + 3 is the eleventh album released by The Isley Brothers for the Epic label under their T-Neck imprint in August 7, 1973.	3 + 3	The Isley Brothers
performer	It Crawled into My Hand, Honest is the second 1968 studio album by The Fugs, a band composed of anti-war poets.	It Crawled into My Hand, Honest	The Fugs
performer	``La Tribu de Dana'' is a 1998 song recorded by the French hip hop band Manau, available on their debut album, Panique celtique, on which it features as second track.	La Tribu de Dana	Manau
performer	``Bird in Flight''/``Tribal Look'' is the third single by Toyah, released on February 1, 1980, by Safari Records.	Bird in Flight	Toyah
performer	Jalan Terbaik is the debut album Indonesia band ST 12, released on September 7, 2005.	Jalan Terbaik	ST 12
performer	Rising Fawn Gathering is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake, Nancy Blake, Jim and Rachel Bryan and the Celtic music group Boys of the Lough, released in 2009.	Rising Fawn Gathering	Norman Blake
performer	``6 Underground'' is a song by the English band Sneaker Pimps, from their 1996 studio album Becoming X. First released as a single in the United Kingdom in September 1996, the song reached number 15 on the UK Singles Chart and had moderate radio airplay in the United States.	6 Underground	Sneaker Pimps
performer	Uzbuna! (trans. Alarm!) is the nineteenth studio album from Serbian rock band Riblja Čorba, released in 2012.	Uzbuna!	Riblja Čorba
performer	Toppatakkeja ja Toledon terästä (1994) is a concept album by the Finnish rock group YUP.	Toppatakkeja ja Toledon terästä	YUP
performer	The Origin of the Feces is the second album by the Brooklyn band Type O Negative, which was released in 1992.	The Origin of the Feces	Type O Negative
performer	Ride This Train is the eighth album by country singer Johnny Cash.	Ride This Train	Johnny Cash
performer	Playground Psychotics is a two-CD live album by Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention.	Playground Psychotics	Frank Zappa
performer	Truths and Rights is a 1980 reggae album by Johnny Osbourne.	Truths and Rights	Johnny Osbourne
performer	``En Que Fallamos'' (English: ``In Which We Fail'') is a song by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen, from her sixth studio album, Sentimiento (2007).	En Que Fallamos	Ivy Queen
performer	Under the Blue Moon is a concept album released by R&B/pop group New Edition by MCA on November 24, 1986.	Under the Blue Moon	New Edition
performer	Look into the Eyeball is an album by musician David Byrne, released on May 8, 2001.	Look into the Eyeball	David Byrne
performer	``How's It Goin' Down'' is the third single by American rapper DMX featuring R&B singer Faith Evans who is used in the introduction monologue, from his debut studio album It's Dark and Hell Is Hot.	How's It Goin' Down	DMX	Faith Evans
performer	Listen to Cliff! is the fourth album by singer Cliff Richard.	Listen to Cliff!	Cliff Richard
performer	As Long as It Takes is the third studio album released by Christian singer Meredith Andrews.	As Long as It Takes	Meredith Andrews
performer	``One of Those Things'' is a song co-written and recorded by the American country music artist Pam Tillis.	One of Those Things	Pam Tillis
performer	Sympathy Sessions is the first compilation album released by the Oblivians.	Sympathy Sessions	Oblivians
performer	From a Basement on the Hill is the sixth and final studio album by the late American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith.	From a Basement on the Hill	Elliott Smith
performer	Union Jacks is The Babys fourth album, which peaked at number 42 on the Billboard 200 in 1980.	Union Jacks	The Babys
performer	The Mighty Sky is the Grammy-nominated tenth studio album by Beth Nielsen Chapman.	The Mighty Sky	Beth Nielsen Chapman
performer	Todo El Mundo is the fourth studio album of Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito.	Todo El Mundo	Miguelito
performer	Takin' It 2 the Next Level is the fourteenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their second on the Canadian Justin Time label.	Takin' It 2 the Next Level	World Saxophone Quartet
performer	``When I Come Around'' is a song released by American punk rock band Green Day.	When I Come Around	Green Day
performer	``Mess of Me'' is a song written and recorded by the alternative rock band Switchfoot and was the lead single from their seventh studio album, Hello Hurricane.	Mess of Me	Switchfoot
performer	``Make It Bun Dem'' is a song by Skrillex and Damian ``Jr. Gong'' Marley.	Make It Bun Dem	Skrillex
performer	Born 2 B Blue is a 1988 solo album by Steve Miller, and his only one to date.	Born 2 B Blue	Steve Miller
performer	The Overdose is the fourth album released by rap group, 11/5.	The Overdose	11/5
performer	Oomalama is the debut album by Scottish Pop rock band Eugenius released in 1992.	Oomalama	Eugenius
performer	Stare At is the second studio album released by singer Ken Hirai under the label Sony Records.	Stare At	Ken Hirai
performer	``3 a.m. Eternal'' is a song by the British acid house group The KLF.	3 a.m. Eternal	The KLF
performer	``One Thing Leads 2 Another'' is the first CD single released from Vanessa Amorosi's second studio album Change.	One Thing Leads 2 Another	Vanessa Amorosi
performer	Dying Vine is a 2005 studio album by the band Aletheian.	Dying Vine	Aletheian
performer	Yang Terbaik is a greatest hits album by Indonesian singer Ari Lasso.	Yang Terbaik	Ari Lasso
performer	``Bust Your Windows'' is the second single by R&B singer-songwriter Jazmine Sullivan from her debut Grammy-nominated album Fearless.	Bust Your Windows	Jazmine Sullivan
performer	Fake Noise from a Box of Toys is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band The Autumns, released in 2007.	Fake Noise from a Box of Toys	The Autumns
performer	Zu alt (German for ``too old'') is a live album by German Heavy Metal band Knorkator, released in November 2005.	Zu alt	Knorkator
performer	``I'm Talking About You'' is a song by Chuck Berry, released by him in 1961.	I'm Talking About You	Chuck Berry
performer	``You Keep Coming Back Like a Song'' is a popular song written by Irving Berlin for the 1946 film Blue Skies, where it was introduced by Bing Crosby.	You Keep Coming Back Like a Song	Bing Crosby
performer	Guns in the Ghetto is the eleventh album by UB40, released on the DEP International label in 1997.	Guns in the Ghetto	UB40
performer	Demmamussabebonk is the third full-length studio album by English punk rock band, Snuff.	Demmamussabebonk	Snuff
performer	Innocence Is No Excuse is the seventh studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1985 (see 1985 in music).	Innocence Is No Excuse	Saxon
performer	A Million Vacations was the fourth album by Canadian rock band Max Webster.	A Million Vacations	Max Webster
performer	Ellington '55 is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Capitol label in 1953 and 1954 and released in 1955.	Ellington '55	Duke Ellington
performer	``Eternal Memories'' is Crystal Kay's debut single, released on July 1, 1999.	Eternal Memories	Crystal Kay
performer	``I Can't Quit You Baby'' is a blues standard written by Willie Dixon and first recorded by Chicago blues artist Otis Rush in 1956.	I Can't Quit You Baby	Otis Rush
performer	``Pushin' Weight'' is a single by Ice Cube from his album War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc).	Pushin' Weight	Ice Cube
performer	New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh) is the 5th studio album by American recording artist Erykah Badu, first released on March 30, 2010, through Universal Motown.	New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh)	Erykah Badu
performer	Bibidi Babidi Boo is a live internet-only 2004 album released by Deerhoof.	Bibidi Babidi Boo	Deerhoof
performer	This Loud Morning is the second major-label studio album by American singer-songwriter David Cook.	This Loud Morning	David Cook
performer	Party of One is an album by English singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.	Party of One	Nick Lowe
performer	Ejército de Paz (Peace Army) (2010) is the Sixth album by Mexican Ska, Rock band Panteón Rococó.	Ejército de Paz	Panteón Rococó
performer	She Rides Wild Horses is the twenty-third studio album by American country music singer Kenny Rogers.	She Rides Wild Horses	Kenny Rogers
performer	Sophisticated Giant is a 1977 jazz album by Dexter Gordon recorded in 1977 (after the saxophonist's return from Europe) by an eleven-piece band playing tunes arranged by trombone player Slide Hampton.	Sophisticated Giant	Dexter Gordon
performer	OC Confidential is the fourth album by the American punk rock band the Adolescents.	OC Confidential	Adolescents
performer	Jazz, dwa, trzy (Polish pronunciation: (ˌjaz dva ˈtʂɨ), English: Jazz, Two, Three (Jazz is pronounced similar to ``raz'', which means when counting ``one'')) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 22, 2011.	Jazz, dwa, trzy	O.S.T.R.
performer	``Money Love'' is a 1992 song performed by Neneh Cherry and the first single from Cherry's second album Homebrew.	Money Love	Neneh Cherry
performer	``Crazy in the Night (Barking at Airplanes)'' is a 1985 hit single released from Kim Carnes's album Barking at Airplanes.	Crazy in the Night (Barking at Airplanes)	Kim Carnes
performer	The Wind Is Strong... is the 1990 album from Cindytalk released by Midnight Music.	The Wind Is Strong...	Cindytalk
performer	Friends and Legends was the second solo album from Michael Stanley.	Friends and Legends	Michael Stanley
performer	Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor is the fifth solo studio album by former White Zombie frontman Rob Zombie.	Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor	Rob Zombie
performer	Balada Shalawat (Ballad of Salah) is an Islamic religious album released in 2010 by Gita Gutawa.	Balada Shalawat	Gita Gutawa
performer	From Fathoms is the second studio album by American post rock band Gifts From Enola.	From Fathoms	Gifts From Enola
performer	Lou Takes Off is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Donaldson's Sextet with Donald Byrd, Curtis Fuller, Sonny Clark, Jamil Nasser, and Art Taylor.	Lou Takes Off	Lou Donaldson
performer	If You're Going Through Hell is the second studio album released by country singer Rodney Atkins.	If You're Going Through Hell	Rodney Atkins
performer	``What God Wants, Part I'' is the first song in a series of songs written and released by former Pink Floyd bassist, Roger Waters on his third solo album, Amused to Death.	What God Wants, Part I	Roger Waters
performer	From Them, Through Us, to You is the debut album by Chicago-based rock band Madina Lake.	From Them, Through Us, to You	Madina Lake
performer	The Brass Project is an album by English saxophonist John Surman with a brass section conducted by John Warren recorded in 1992 and released on the ECM label.	The Brass Project	John Surman	John Warren
performer	``Them Kids'' is the first single by Canadian artist Sam Roberts from his third studio album, Love at the End of the World.	Them Kids	Sam Roberts
performer	From Q with Love is a two volume compilation album by Quincy Jones.	From Q with Love	Quincy Jones
performer	Doombound is the sixth album by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore, released on January 26, 2011.	Doombound	Battlelore
performer	Es hört nie auf (English: It never ends) is a pop/rock album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger.	Es hört nie auf	Schürzenjäger
performer	Days of Innocence is the debut album released by Australian band Moving Pictures in 1981.	Days of Innocence	Moving Pictures
performer	Auswärtsspiel (Away game) is the ninth studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen.	Auswärtsspiel	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``Reason Is Treason'' is the second single release from British rock band Kasabian.	Reason Is Treason	Kasabian
place of birth	Gérard Jaffrès (born in 1956 in Saint-Pol-de-Léon, Finistère) is a French singer, writer and performer.	Gérard Jaffrès	Saint-Pol-de-Léon
place of birth	Greg Howes (born March 26, 1977 in Tacoma, Washington) is an American soccer player, most recently coach for Las Vegas Legends in the Professional Arena Soccer League.	Greg Howes	Tacoma
place of birth	Filippo Spitoni (born April 17, 1984 in Fabriano) is an Italian professional football player, who currently plays for AC Pavia.	Filippo Spitoni	Fabriano
place of birth	Bernadett Heidum (born May 26, 1988 in Budapest) is a Hungarian short track speed skater.	Bernadett Heidum	Budapest
place of birth	Marie Allard was born in 1742 to a poor family in Marseille.	Marie Allard	Marseille
place of birth	Barat Shakinskaya was born in Shusha into a bey family.	Barat Shakinskaya	Shusha
place of birth	Marco Masini (born September 18, 1964 in Florence), is an Italian singer-songwriter and musician.	Marco Masini	Florence
place of birth	Conradus de Pistoria (also Coradus, de Pistoia, de Pistoja) (fl. early 15th century) was an Italian composer of the late medieval era and early Renaissance, active in Florence and elsewhere in northern Italy.	Conradus de Pistoria	Pistoia
place of birth	Irma Thomas (born February 18, 1941, Ponchatoula, Louisiana, United States) is an American singer from New Orleans.	Irma Thomas	Ponchatoula, Louisiana
place of birth	Seth Pomeroy (May 20, 1706 -- February 9, 1777) was an American gunsmith and soldier from Northampton, Massachusetts.	Seth Pomeroy	Northampton
place of birth	Rabenau was born in Berlin to the physician Friedrich von Rabenau (1847--1885) and Wally, née Noebel.	Friedrich von Rabenau	Berlin
place of birth	Ruslan Gritsan (born 7 December 1978 in Moscow) is a Russian competitor and multiple world champion in both ski-orienteering and mountain bike orienteering.	Ruslan Gritsan	Moscow
place of birth	Yue Xin (Chinese: 岳鑫, born 10 November 1995 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Wuhan Zall in the China League One.	Yue Xin	Wuhan
place of birth	Stefan Brijs was born in 1969 in Genk, where he lived most of his life.	Stefan Brijs	Genk
place of birth	Zhang Ke would make his senior club debut on June 20, 2004 for Shenyang Ginde in a league game vs Liaoning Zhongyu that Shenyang Ginde lost 1-0.	Zhang Ke	Shenyang
place of birth	Navíd Akhavan (Persian: نوید اخوان‎; born 9 June 1980, Tehran) is an Iranian-German actor best known for his role as Hakan in the German comedy television series König von Kreuzberg.	Navíd Akhavan	Tehran
place of birth	James Fanchone (born 21 February 1980 in Le Mans) is a French soccer player, currently with Le Havre AC. On the 23 June 2011 James Fanchone move to Ligue 2 club Le Havre for an undisclosed fee.	James Fanchone	Le Mans
place of birth	Murray the K reached his peak of popularity in the mid-1960s when, as the top-rated radio host in New York City, he became an early and ardent supporter and friend of The Beatles.	Murray the K	New York City
place of birth	Şükran Moral (born in 1962 In Terme, Samsun) is a Turkish artist, best known for her exhibitions with her performances, videos and installations.	Şükran Moral	Terme
place of birth	Giampaolo Pazzini (Italian pronunciation: (dʒamˈpaolo patˈtsini); born 2 August 1984 in Pescia), nicknamed Il Pazzo (The Madman) by his fans, is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hellas Verona and formerly for the Italian national team.	Giampaolo Pazzini	Pescia
place of birth	Valentinus Smalcius (German: Valentin Schmalz or Schmaltz; Polish: Walenty Smalc) (Gotha, 1572 -- Raków, Kielce county 1622) was a German Socinian theologian.	Valentinus Smalcius	Gotha
place of birth	Jimmy Payne (10 March 1926 -- ca 23 January 2013) was a professional footballer, and one of a select number of players to have played for both Liverpool and Everton.	Jimmy Payne	Liverpool
place of birth	Frederic Eugene Ives (1856--1937) was a U.S. inventor, born at Litchfield, Connecticut.	Frederic Eugene Ives	Litchfield
place of birth	Zlatko Dalić (born 26 October 1966 in Livno) is Croatian football coach.	Zlatko Dalić	Livno
place of birth	Lucia Ronchetti studied composition and computer music at the Conservatory of Santa Cecilia in Rome and took part in composition seminars with Sylvano Bussotti at the Scuola di Musica of Fiesole (1981--85) and with Salvatore Sciarrino at the Corsi Internazionali of Città di Castello (1988--1989).	Lucia Ronchetti	Rome
place of birth	Hans Albers was born in Hamburg, the son of a butcher, and grew up in the district of St. Georg.	Hans Albers	Hamburg
place of birth	Carlos Parteli Keller (Rivera, 8 March 1910 -- Montevideo, 26 May 1999) was a Uruguayan Roman Catholic cleric.	Carlos Parteli	Rivera
place of birth	Vedran Turkalj went through the ranks of NK Rijeka, becoming a Croatian youth international in 2005.	Vedran Turkalj	Rijeka
place of birth	Charles Sumner Woolworth, known by everyone as Sum, was born on August 1, 1856, in Rodman, New York, to John Hubbell Woolworth and Fanny McBrier.	Charles Sumner Woolworth	Rodman, New York
place of birth	Daniel Simmes (born August 12, 1966 in Dortmund) is a retired German football player and currently the manager of the woman team of Lierse.	Daniel Simmes	Dortmund
place of birth	Daire Doyle (born 18 October 1980 in Dublin, Ireland) is a footballer currently playing for League of Ireland side, Shelbourne .	Daire Doyle	Dublin
place of birth	Christine Rimmer (born January 28 in California, U.S.) is a USA Today and Waldenbooks bestselling U.S. writer of over 60 romance novels since 1987.	Christine Rimmer	California
place of birth	Rosy Lamb (born 1973 in Tamworth, New Hampshire) is an expatriate American sculptor, painter and author living in Paris, France.	Rosy Lamb	Tamworth
place of birth	Marc Würgler, better known by his stage name Remady, (born on 12 December 1977), is a Swiss music producer from Zürich.	Remady	Zürich
place of birth	Timothy Joseph McGhee (born April 27, 1973) is a convicted killer and Toonerville Rifa 13 gang member of Scottish and Mexican descent from the Atwater Village neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Timothy Joseph McGhee	Los Angeles
place of birth	Svetlana Buraga (Belarusian: Святлана Бурага; born 4 September 1965 in Minsk, Belarusian SSR) is a retired Belarusian heptathlete.	Svetlana Buraga	Minsk
place of birth	Pedro Ken Morimoto Moreira, or simply Pedro Ken (born 20 March 1987 in Curitiba) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Terek Grozny in Russia.	Pedro Ken	Curitiba
place of birth	Marshall Jefferson (born September 19, 1959 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American musician, working in house music, in particular, the subgenres of Chicago house and deep house.	Marshall Jefferson	Chicago
place of birth	Jaromír Musil (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaromiːr ˈmusɪl); born May 28, 1988 in Prague) is a Czech judoka.	Jaromír Musil	Prague
place of birth	Sava Damjanov graduated from the University of Novi Sad in 1980, and received his Ph.D. in 1996.	Sava Damjanov	Novi Sad
place of birth	Peter Swales (25 December 1932 -- 2 May 1996) was a businessman who served as the chairman of Manchester City F.C. from 1973 until 1993.	Peter Swales	Manchester
place of birth	Dr. Meda Mládková, born Marie Magdalena Františka ``Meda'' Sokolová (*September 8, 1919 in Zákupy) is an art collector.	Meda Mládková	Zákupy
place of birth	Kathryn Feller (May 27, 1969), or Kat, is an animation voice actress born in Rochester, New York and raised in Texas.	Kathryn Feller	Rochester
place of birth	Rafael Amirbekov (born 23 February 1976 in Qusar) is a retired Azerbaijani professional footballer who last played for FK Baku.	Rafael Amirbekov	Baku
place of birth	John Hieftje (pronounced /hiːft.jɛ/, HEEFT-yeh or /hiːft.dʒə/, HEEFT-ja) is the former mayor of Ann Arbor, Michigan.	John Hieftje	Ann Arbor
place of birth	Sadia Dehlvi (born 1957) is a Delhi-based media person, activist, writer and a columnist with the daily newspaper, the Hindustan Times, and frequently published in Frontline Urdu, Hindi and English newspapers and magazines.	Sadia Dehlvi	Delhi
place of birth	Michael Patrick Jann (born May 15, 1970, Albany, New York) is an American actor, writer, and director best known as a cast member on MTV's The State.	Michael Patrick Jann	Albany
place of birth	Rebecca Ann King (born 1950, in Hancock, Iowa) is most noted as holder of the 1974 Miss America title.	Rebecca Ann King	Hancock
place of birth	Aleksey Cheglakov (Uzbek: Алексей Чеглаков; born March 13, 1974 in Kirov, Kirov Oblast) is a retired amateur Russian and Uzbekistani Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's heavyweight category.	Aleksey Cheglakov	Kirov
place of birth	Charles Leroux (born as Joseph Johnson; 31 October 1856 in Waterbury, Connecticut, United States -- 24 September (O.S. 12 September) 1889 in Reval, Estonia) was an American balloonist and parachutist.	Charles Leroux	Waterbury
place of birth	Bernard Foccroulle (born in Liège, 23 November 1953) is a Belgian organist, composer, conductor and opera director.	Bernard Foccroulle	Liège
place of birth	Harolyn Blackwell was born in Washington, D.C. on November 23, 1955, the eldest of five children.	Harolyn Blackwell	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Bai Xiaolei (Chinese: 柏小磊; Pinyin: Bǎi Xiǎolěi; born 4 September 1985 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Harbin Yiteng in the China League One.	Bai Xiaolei	Dalian
place of birth	James Abrahams (born 1867 in New Mills, England) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Notts County.	James Abrahams	New Mills
place of birth	Marco Piccinini (born in Rome in 1952) is a Monegasque sport personality, businessman and politician.	Marco Piccinini	Rome
place of birth	Elli Parvo (17 October 1915 -- 19 February 2010) was an Italian film actress, born in Milan as Elvira Gobbo.	Elli Parvo	Milan
place of birth	Ashraf Mahmud Linkon (born 06 June 1990) is a Bangladeshi footballer who plays as a Midfielder, Defender for Sheikh Russell and Bangladesh national football team.	Ashraf Mahmud Linkon	Bangladesh
place of birth	Majid Majidi (Persian: مجید مجیدی‎‎ Persian pronunciation: (mæˌd͡ʒiːde mæd͡ʒiːˈdi), born 17 April 1959, Tehran) is an Iranian film director, film producer, and screenwriter.	Majid Majidi	Tehran
place of birth	Charles Louis Ferdinand Dutert was born on 21 October 1845 in Douai, son of a merchant of that town.	Ferdinand Dutert	Douai
place of birth	Danilo Alves de Freitas or simply Danilo Alves (born February 12, 1989 in Mato Grosso), is a Brazilian centre midfielder.	Danilo Alves de Freitas	Mato Grosso
place of birth	Andrew Bujalski, born April 29, 1977 in Boston, Massachusetts, is an American film director, screenwriter and actor, who has been called the ``Godfather of Mumblecore.''	Andrew Bujalski	Boston
place of birth	Rusty Shoop, born in Dallas, Texas, is a retired meteorologist for American TV station KERO-TV.	Rusty Shoop	Dallas
place of birth	Urs Zimmermann (born on 29 November 1959 in Mühledorf) is a Swiss former professional road racing cyclist.	Urs Zimmermann	Mühledorf
place of birth	Shou Wan Por (Chinese: 仇雲波, born July 17, 1960), known professionally as Robin Shou, is a Hong Kong martial artist and actor.	Robin Shou	Hong Kong
place of birth	Félix Mwamba Musasa (born November 25, 1982 in Lubumbashi) is a Congolese football player who plays for, and captains, the Mpumalanga Black Aces in South African Premier Soccer League.	Félix Mwamba Musasa	Lubumbashi
place of birth	Nemanja Tomić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Томић; born 21 January 1988 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Turkish club Gençlerbirliği.	Nemanja Tomić	Kragujevac
place of birth	Michael Makkai (Hungarian: Makkai Mihály, 24 June 1939, Budapest, Hungary) is Canadian mathematician of Hungarian origin, specializing in mathematical logic.	Michael Makkai	Budapest
place of birth	Izzet Celasin (born 1958 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Norwegian author of Turkish descent.	Izzet Celasin	Istanbul
place of birth	Jeetendra was born Ravi Kapoor in Amritsar, Punjab to Amarnath and Krishna Kapoor whose business dealt with imitation jewellery.	Jeetendra	Amritsar
place of birth	Born at Mill Hill, North London, Roy Charles Crowden took the stage name of ``Roy Royston'' while still a boy.	Roy Royston	Mill Hill
place of birth	Sherod Santos (born September 9, 1948 in Greenville, South Carolina) is an American poet, essayist, translator and playwright.	Sherod Santos	Greenville
place of birth	Gorki Águila (born November 11, 1968 in Havana) is a Cuban rock musician, who has publicly criticized communism.	Gorki Águila	Havana
place of birth	Luis Valdez was born in Delano, California to migrant farm worker parents.	Luis Valdez	Delano
place of birth	Robert Parris Moses (born January 23, 1935 in Harlem, New York, also known as Bob Moses) is an American educator and civil rights activist, known for his work as a leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee on voter education and registration in Mississippi during the 1960s Civil Rights Movement.	Robert Parris Moses	Harlem
place of birth	Ifa Isfansyah (born Yogyakarta, 1979) is an Indonesian film director.	Ifa Isfansyah	Yogyakarta
place of birth	Charles Bray was a prosperous ribbon manufacturer who owned the Coventry Herald newspaper.	Charles Bray	Coventry
place of birth	Andrea Bertolini (born 1 December 1973 in Sassuolo) is an Italian professional racing driver currently driving for AF Corse in the FIA World Endurance Championship.	Andrea Bertolini	Sassuolo
place of birth	Charles-Laurent Maréchal was born of poor parents at Metz in 1801.	Charles-Laurent Maréchal	Metz
place of birth	Maria Tore Barbina (July 22, 1940, Udine -- August 28, 2007) was an Italian poet and translator.	Maria Tore Barbina	Udine
place of birth	Timur was born in Transoxiana near the city of Kesh (modern Shahrisabz, Uzbekistan) some 80 kilometres (50 mi) south of Samarkand, part of what was then the Chagatai Khanate.	Timur	Shahrisabz
place of birth	Leszek Blanik (born 1 March 1977 in Wodzisław Śląski) is a Polish gymnast, World and Olympic champion in vault.	Leszek Blanik	Wodzisław Śląski
place of birth	Andrzej Mularczyk (born 13 June 1930 in Warsaw), is a Polish writer, screenwriter, reporter, and author of radio dramas.	Andrzej Mularczyk	Warsaw
place of birth	Felice Bauer was born in Neustadt in Upper Silesia (today Prudnik), into a Jewish family.	Felice Bauer	Prudnik
place of birth	Michael Lusch (born 16 June 1964 in Hamm) is a German football coach and a retired player.	Michael Lusch	Hamm
place of birth	Brian Andreas (born 1956 in Iowa City, Iowa) is an American writer, painter, sculptor, technologist and publisher widely known for an ongoing series of works presented by the author as StoryPeople.	Brian Andreas	Iowa City
place of birth	Princess Sibilla of Luxembourg (née Sibilla Sandra Weiller (y Torlonia)); born 12 June 1968 in Neuilly-sur-Seine).	Princess Sibilla of Luxembourg	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Mohammed Shbair (Arabic: محمد شبير‎, born 16 December 1986 in Gaza, Palestine) is a Palestinian footballer.	Mohammed Shbair	Gaza
place of birth	Allen Ludden, born Allen Packard Ellsworth, was the first child of Elmer Ellsworth, a Nebraska native living in Mineral Point, Wisconsin and working as an ice dealer; and his wife Leila M. Allen, a Wisconsin native and housewife.	Allen Ludden	Mineral Point
place of birth	Steve Coll was born on October 8, 1958, in Washington, D.C. He attended Thomas S. Wootton High School in Rockville, Maryland, graduating in 1976.	Steve Coll	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Marga Tjoa was born Tjoa Liang Tjoe (Chinese: 蔡良珠; Hokkien: Chhoà Liâng-chu) to a Catholic Chinese Indonesian (peranakan) family in Jakarta in 1943.	Marga T	Jakarta
place of birth	Evstaphiy Pechlevanidis, also known as Yevstafi Alkiviadorovich Pekhlevanidi (Russian: Евстафий Алкивиадорович Пехлеваниди; born 29 October 1960 in Shymkent, Kazakh SSR) is a retired Soviet and Greek professional football player.	Evstaphiy Pechlevanidis	Shymkent
place of birth	Pat Kelch (born 5 May 1966 in Dublin) was an Irish soccer player.	Pat Kelch	Dublin
place of birth	Stefania Cicali (born October 20, 1987 in Bagno a Ripoli) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s.	Stefania Cicali	Bagno a Ripoli
place of birth	Ginevra Sforza was born in Ancona in 1440, the illegitimate daughter of Alessandro Sforza, Lord of Pesaro.	Ginevra Sforza	Ancona
place of birth	Edward J. Fraughton (born March 22, 1939, Park City, Utah), American artist, sculptor and inventor is primarily known for his epic monumental works and individual collector editions that often relate to the history of the American West.	Edward J. Fraughton	Park City
place of birth	Heather Mills was born in Aldershot, Hampshire, to John ``Mark'' Francis Mills, a former British paratrooper, and his wife, Beatrice Mary Mills, née Finlay, who was the daughter of a colonel in the British Army.	Heather Mills	Aldershot
place of birth	Ahmed Toufiq Hejira or Hjira (Arabic: ٱحمد توفيق أحجيرة‎ -- born 1959, Oujda) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party.	Ahmed Toufiq Hejira	Oujda
place of birth	Marija Šestak (Serbian Cyrillic: Марија Шестак; born Martinović, Мартиновић on 17 April 1979 in Kragujevac, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian triple jumper of Serbian descent.	Marija Šestak	Kragujevac
place of birth	Roland Vieira (born 16 August 1979 in Mâcon, Saône-et-Loire) is a former French football striker who is currently the manager of Le Puy.	Roland Vieira	Mâcon
place of birth	Liu Han was born in 1965 in Guanghan, Sichuan province, the middle child in a family with three sons and two daughters.	Liu Han	Guanghan
place of birth	Djamel Bouras (born 11 August 1971 in Givors, Rhône) is a French judoka of Algerian origin.	Djamel Bouras	Givors
place of birth	Toivo Joel Rinne (6 June 1897, Asikkala - 3 December 1981) was a prolific Finnish actor of stage and screen.	Joel Rinne	Asikkala
place of birth	Giorgi Davitnidze (born 18 July 1978 in Rustavi) is a Georgian professional football player who played for Hapoel Bney Lod Rakevet in the 2008-2009 season.	Giorgi Davitnidze	Rustavi
place of birth	Dietmar Lorenz (born September 23, 1950 in Schleiz, Thuringia) is an East German judoka, who competed for SC Dynamo Hoppegarten under the Sportvereinigung Dynamo.	Dietmar Lorenz	Thuringia
place of birth	Lee Kiefer (born June, 15, 1994 in Cleveland) is a Filipino American foil fencer.	Lee Kiefer	Cleveland
place of birth	Cecil Kilborn (born 1902 in Desborough, England) was a footballer who played inside left for Bradford City.	Cecil Kilborn	Desborough
place of birth	Francis Leclerc (born 1971 in Quebec City) is a Canadian film and television director, screenwriter and film editor.	Francis Leclerc	Quebec City
place of birth	Mike Enzi was born on February 1, 1944 in Bremerton, Washington, the son of Dorothy M. (née Bradley) and Elmer Jacob Enzi.	Mike Enzi	Bremerton
place of birth	Mark Featherstone-Witty RNOM OBE (born 2 June 1946 in London) is an educator and entrepreneur.	Mark Featherstone-Witty	London
place of birth	Renate Bertlmann (February 28, 1943 in Vienna) is an Austrian artist, living and working in Vienna.	Renate Bertlmann	Vienna
place of birth	Abraham Jefferson Seay was born to Cam and Lucy J. Seay at Amherst Court House, Amherst County, Virginia on November 28, 1832.	Abraham Jefferson Seay	Amherst County
place of birth	Meriwether Lewis was born in Albemarle County, Virginia, in the present-day community of Ivy.	Meriwether Lewis	Albemarle County
place of birth	Christophe Keckeis (born 18 April 1945 in Neuchâtel) is a Swiss Lieutenant-General.	Christophe Keckeis	Neuchâtel
place of birth	Antonino Russo Giusti (Catania, February 23, 1876 - September 28, 1957) was an Italian dramatist.	Antonino Russo Giusti	Catania
place of birth	Jsu Garcia was born in New York City, to Cuban immigrant parents.	Jsu Garcia	New York City
place of birth	Giuseppe Fattoruso (17th century) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in his natal city of Naples.	Giuseppe Fattoruso	Naples
place of birth	Georges Schwob d'Héricourt was born in Lure, Haute-Saône on 21 January 1864, son of Eugène Georges Schwob d'Héricourt (1830--1912) and Clarisse Anna Cahen (1836--1919).	Georges Schwob d'Héricourt	Lure
place of birth	Gillian Avery was born in Reigate, Surrey, and attended Dunottar School there.	Gillian Avery	Reigate
place of birth	Piret Järvis (born 6 February 1984 in Tallinn) is an Estonian singer, guitarist, and songwriter of the popular girl group Vanilla Ninja.	Piret Järvis	Tallinn
place of birth	Antonio Bellavista (born 19 November 1977 in Bitonto) is an Italian footballer who is currently unattached.	Antonio Bellavista	Bitonto
place of birth	Srđan Čebinac (Serbian Cyrillic: Cpђaн Чeбинaц; born 8 December 1939 in Belgrade) is a Serbian former football midfielder and manager.	Srđan Čebinac	Belgrade
place of birth	Son of footballer Michele Paramatti Lorenzo Paramatti was born in Faenza, in the Emilia--	Lorenzo Paramatti	Faenza
place of birth	Nikolai Sorokin was born on February 15, 1952 in the Hutor Cossack Vesyolovsky District of Rostov Region, Russian's territory.	Nikolai Sorokin	Vesyolovsky District
place of birth	Rafael Spregelburd (born 1970 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine playwright, director and actor.	Rafael Spregelburd	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Aldrin Davis (born 1970), professionally known as DJ Toomp, is an American record producer from Atlanta, Georgia.	DJ Toomp	Atlanta
place of birth	Anthim I was born in Lozengrad in Eastern Thrace (today Kırklareli, Turkey) and became a monk in the Hilendar monastery on Mount Athos.	Anthim I	Kırklareli
place of birth	Raivis Broks (born February 20, 1984, Madona) is a Latvian bobsledder who has competed since 2007.	Raivis Broks	Madona
place of birth	The Briggs family of Massachusetts had a long maritime connection, and Benjamin Briggs himself spent most of his life at sea.	Benjamin Briggs	Massachusetts
place of birth	Brian McFayden (born October 1, 1976 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American television personality.	Brian McFayden	Omaha
place of birth	Born on 28 November 1893 in Metz, Joachim Degener joined the German military straight from school in 1912, and in the First World War, he was an Oberleutnant (First Lieutenant).	Joachim Degener	Metz
place of birth	Umberto Bossi was born in 1941 in Cassano Magnago, in the province of Varese, Lombardy.	Umberto Bossi	Cassano Magnago
place of birth	Antanas Škėma was born on November 29, 1910 (according to his birth certificate in 1911) in Łódź, Poland where his father was sent to work as a teacher.	Antanas Škėma	Łódź
place of birth	Petr Nekuda (born 27 April 1990 in Olomouc) is a professional Czech football player.	Petr Nekuda	Olomouc
place of birth	Charlemagne Anyamah (born January 23, 1938 in Le Lamentin, Martinique) is a French athlete who specialises in the men's decathlon.	Charlemagne Anyamah	Le Lamentin
place of birth	James Read Chadwick (2 November 1844, Boston -- 23 September 1905, Chocorua, New Hampshire) was an American gynecologist and medical librarian remembered for describing the Chadwick sign of early pregnancy in 1887.	James Read Chadwick	Boston
place of birth	Tricia McLaughlin (born January 29, 1964 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) is a New York City-based American visual artist whose works in animation, sculpture and painting often deal with the themes of fantastic or impossible architecture and their impact on potential inhabitants.	Tricia McLaughlin	Bryn Mawr
place of birth	Jacob Grimm was born in Hanau, in Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel).	Jacob Grimm	Hanau
place of birth	He was born in East Anglia, possibly in Norwich, to an apparently prosperous family of mixed English and Scandinavian ancestry, as is shown by the fact that Stigand's name was Norse but his brother's was English.	Stigand	East Anglia
place of birth	Dean Pooley (born 10 September 1986 in Sidcup) is an English footballer who plays for Ebbsfleet United.	Dean Pooley	Sidcup
place of birth	Paul Boertien (born 20 January 1979 in Haltwhistle, Northumberland, England) is a former English footballer who has played for six English clubs.	Paul Boertien	Haltwhistle
place of birth	Ellef Mohn (13 August 1894 -- 4 January 1974) was a Norwegian footballer who played for the clubs Lyn (Gjøvik) and SK Frigg and the Norwegian national team.	Ellef Mohn	Gjøvik
place of birth	Rosemary Byrne (born 3 March 1948, Irvine, North Ayrshire) is a Scottish political figure.	Rosemary Byrne	Irvine
place of birth	Shakey Graves (born Alejandro Rose-Garcia on June 4, 1987) is an Americana musician from Austin, Texas, United States.	Shakey Graves	Austin
place of birth	Mike Gent (born September 17, 1971, New Jersey, United States) is an American songwriter, guitarist, and vocalist in The Figgs, which he has performed in since 1987.	Mike Gent	New Jersey
place of birth	Gerda Schmidt-Panknin (born in Lüchow, Schleswig-Holstein, on August 9, 1920) is a German painter.	Gerda Schmidt-Panknin	Lüchow
place of birth	Leslie Schofield (born 12 December 1938 in Oldham, Lancashire) is an English actor who is most famous in the UK for his role as Jeff Healy in the popular soap opera, EastEnders who he played from 1997 to 2000.	Leslie Schofield	Oldham
place of birth	Branislau Samoilau (Belarusian: Браніслаў Самойлаў; born 25 May 1985 in Vitebsk) is a Belarusian professional road bicycle racer, who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team CCC-Sprandi-Polkowice.	Branislau Samoilau	Vitebsk
place of birth	Charles George Edward Patey CMG (27 February 1811 - 1881) was born at Chivelstone in Devon, England on 27 February 1811.	Charles George Edward Patey	Devon
place of birth	Percy Pilcher was born in Bath in 1866, and served in the Royal Navy for seven years from 1880.	Percy Pilcher	Bath
place of birth	Immodesty Blaize (born Kelly Fletcher in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England) is a British burlesque dancer who performs internationally.	Immodesty Blaize	Hitchin
place of birth	Johann Christian Gottlob Baumgarten (7 April 1765 -- 29 December 1843) was a German physician and botanist who was a native of Luckau in Lower Lusatia.	Johann Christian Gottlob Baumgarten	Luckau
place of birth	Tanyth Berkeley (born 1969) is an artist based in Brooklyn, NY Berkeley was born in Hollywood, CA.	Tanyth Berkeley	Hollywood
place of birth	Yang Yilin (born August 26, 1992 in Huadu, Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese gymnast.	Yang Yilin	Guangzhou
place of birth	Scott Nydam (born April 9, 1977 in Denver, Colorado, USA) is an American former professional cyclist.	Scott Nydam	Denver
place of birth	Ray William Clough, (born July 23, 1920 in Seattle), was Byron L. and Elvira E. Nishkian Professor of Structural Engineering in the department of Civil Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley and one of the founders of the Finite Element Method (FEM).	Ray William Clough	Seattle
place of birth	Andrew Cheng Kar-foo (Chinese: 鄭家富) BA, MA, MEd, PCLL (born 28 April 1960 in Hong Kong) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong representing the New Territories East geographical constituency.	Andrew Cheng	Hong Kong
place of birth	Emîr Xan Lepzêrîn (transliterated: Amir Khan Lepzerin) was a Kurdish ruler of Bradost near Urmia.	Amir Khan Lepzerin	Urmia
place of birth	Gina Ferris Wilkins, née Vaughan (born December 20, 1954 in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States) is a best-selling American author of over 85 romance novels.	Gina Ferris Wilkins	Little Rock
place of birth	Jenő Jendrassik (Budapest, 1860 - Kökényesd, 1919) was a Hungarian painter whose work is exhibited in the Hungarian National Gallery.	Jenő Jendrassik	Budapest
place of birth	Friedrich Daniel von Recklinghausen (German: (ˈʁɛklɪŋhaʊzən); 1833--1910) was a German pathologist born in Gütersloh, Westphalia.	Friedrich Daniel von Recklinghausen	Gütersloh
place of birth	Alviero Martini (born 1950) is an Italian fashion designer who was born in Cuneo and is known for the 1A Classe range of clothing and accessories, including watches, that is characterised by a ``map'' motif.	Alviero Martini	Cuneo
place of birth	Cedric Bixler-Zavala (born November 4, 1974 in Redwood City, California) is a Grammy Award-winning American musician known for his work as frontman and lyricist of the progressive rock band The Mars Volta, and as frontman and occasional guitarist of the post-hardcore group At the Drive-In.	Cedric Bixler-Zavala	Redwood City
place of birth	José da Costa Nunes was born in Candelária, Azores, to José da Costa Nunes and his wife Francisca Felizarda de Castro Nunes.	José da Costa Nunes	Azores
place of birth	Kitty Carlisle was born as Catherine Conn (Kitty is a nickname for Catherine; the surname was pronounced Cohen) in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Kitty Carlisle	New Orleans
place of birth	Xu Xiaobo (Chinese: 徐小波; born 16 February 1991 in Guizhou) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Chongqing Lifan.	Xu Xiaobo	Guizhou
place of birth	Francis Sanford was of American ancestry, but born and educated in Papeete.	Francis Sanford	Papeete
place of birth	Andy Pyle (born c. 1946, Luton, England) is an English bass guitarist.	Andy Pyle	Luton
place of birth	Anton Nuhn (June 21, 1814, Schriesheim, Baden - June 27, 1889) was a German anatomist.	Anton Nuhn	Schriesheim
place of birth	Alessandra Celi (born Rome, 15 August 1970) is an Italian actress.	Alessandra Celi	Rome
place of birth	Leading Aircraftman Lee Crooks (born 14 January 1978 in Wakefield, England) is a gunner in the RAF Regiment, and former professional footballer best known for having played for Manchester City.	Lee Crooks	Wakefield
place of birth	Maximilian Oberst (October 6, 1849 -- November 18, 1925) was a German physician and surgeon born in Regensburg.	Maximilian Oberst	Regensburg
place of birth	Jagdish Chandra Jain was born in 1909 in a village called Basera situated in the Doab region of western Uttar Pradesh, about 12 miles from Muzaffarnagar.	Jagdish Chandra Jain	Uttar Pradesh
place of birth	Herbert Anderson (March 30, 1917 -- June 11, 1994) was an American character actor from Oakland, California, probably best remembered for his role as Henry Mitchell, the father, in the CBS television sitcom Dennis the Menace, which was based on the Hank Ketcham comic strip of the same name.	Herbert Anderson	Oakland
place of birth	Tse Ka Kui (born 10 September 1948) is an active social entrepreneur in Hong Kong.	Tse Ka Kui	Hong Kong
place of birth	Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre (born 1978 Murdochville, Quebec) is a Montreal-based filmmaker most notable for her animated documentary films.	Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre	Murdochville
place of birth	Juan Vicente Chiarino (25 December 1901, Montevideo -- 29 June 1989) was a Uruguayan lawyer and politician.	Juan Vicente Chiarino	Montevideo
place of birth	Erin Blunt (born November 9, 1963 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor best known for his role as Ahmad Abdul-Rahim in The Bad News Bears, The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training, and The Bad News Bears Go to Japan.	Erin Blunt	Los Angeles
place of birth	Philistus was born in Syracuse around the time the Peloponnesian War began.	Philistus	Syracuse
place of birth	Geoffrey Lancashire was born in Oldham, Lancashire in 1933 and was educated at Oldham Municipal High School for Boys.	Geoffrey Lancashire	Oldham
place of birth	José de Villamil or José Villamil (1789--1866) was born in New Orleans, when Louisiana was a colony of Spain.	José de Villamil	New Orleans
place of birth	Antonio di Vincenzo (1350 − 1401/1402) was an Italian architect, active mainly in his native Bologna in a Gothic style.	Antonio di Vincenzo	Bologna
place of birth	Katrien Vermeire (born Ostend, 1979) is a Belgian photographer and film maker.	Katrien Vermeire	Ostend
place of birth	Emilie Benes Brzezinski (born Emilie Anna Benes in 1932 in Geneva, Switzerland) is an American sculptor.	Emilie Benes Brzezinski	Geneva
place of birth	Yuri Fudoh (Japanese: 不動 裕理, born 14 October 1976 in Kumamoto) is a Japanese golfer.	Yuri Fudoh	Kumamoto
place of birth	In 1958, Thongchai McIntyre was born in one of the slums inside Bangkok to parents James and Udom McIntyre.	Thongchai McIntyre	Bangkok
place of birth	Gervais Rioux (born November 17, 1960 in Mont-Joli, Quebec) is a Canadian former road bicycle racer.	Gervais Rioux	Mont-Joli
place of birth	James Potter was of Scots descent, (born in County Tyrone, Ireland).	James Potter	County Tyrone
place of birth	Stanisław Swianiewicz was born on November 7, 1899 in Dvinsk in Imperial Russia (modern Daugavpils, Latvia), to a Polish szlachta family.	Stanisław Swianiewicz	Daugavpils
place of birth	Admiral Pauli Juhani Kaskeala (born 26 July 1946, Kuopio) is a senior Finnish admiral and was Chief of Defence of the Finnish Defence Forces from 2001 to August 1, 2009.	Juhani Kaskeala	Kuopio
place of birth	Samuel Lamb or Lin Xiangao (simplified Chinese: 林献羔; traditional Chinese: 林獻羔; pinyin: Lín Xiàn-gāo; Wade--Giles: Lin2 Hsian4-Kao1; October 4, 1924 -- August 3, 2013) was a Christian pastor in Guangzhou, China.	Samuel Lamb	Guangzhou
place of birth	Daniela Navarro Santodomingo (February 27, 1984 in Caracas) better known as Daniela Navarro, is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Daniela Navarro	Caracas
place of birth	Samuel Didier Biang (Russian: Самюэль Дидье Бианг; born 23 May 1974 in Koutaba) is a Cameroonian football coach and a former player.	Samuel Didier Biang	Koutaba
place of birth	Adrian Frutiger was born in Unterseen, Canton of Bern, the son of a weaver.	Adrian Frutiger	Unterseen
place of birth	Richard Grunberger (7 March 1924 Vienna, Austria -- 15 February 2005) was a British historian, who specialised in study of the Third Reich.	Richard Grunberger	Vienna
place of birth	Tilly Bagshawe (born Matilda Emily N. Bagshawe, 12 June 1973 in London, England) is a British freelance journalist and author.	Tilly Bagshawe	London
place of birth	Afonso Poyart (born 1979, Santos, São Paulo) is a Brazilian film director, producer and writer.	Afonso Poyart	Santos
place of birth	Kym Valentine (born 24 May 1977 in Sydney) is an Australian actress best known for her long running intermittent portrayal of Libby Kennedy in the soap opera Neighbours.	Kym Valentine	Sydney
place of birth	Bobo Chan Man-Woon is a former Hong Kong singer and model.	Bobo Chan	Hong Kong
place of birth	James Chance, also known as James White (born April 20, 1953 as James Siegfried in Milwaukee, Wisconsin), is an American saxophonist, keyboard player, songwriter and singer.	James Chance	Milwaukee
place of birth	Roy Massey (born 10 September 1943 in Mexborough, Yorkshire) is an English former football player, now a coach.	Roy Massey	Mexborough
place of birth	Greil Marcus was born Greil Gerstley in San Francisco, the only son of Greil Gerstley and Eleanor Gerstley, née Hyman.	Greil Marcus	San Francisco
place of birth	Fwayo Tembo (born 2 May 1989 in Lusaka) is a Zambian professional footballer who is currently a free agent.	Fwayo Tembo	Lusaka
place of birth	Henry Phillpotts, D.D., Bishop of Exeter, was born on 6 May 1778 at Bridgwater, Somerset, England, the son of John Phillpotts, a factory owner, innkeeper, auctioneer and land agent to the Dean and Chapter of Gloucester Cathedral.	Henry Phillpotts	Bridgwater
place of birth	Tammo Harder (born 4 January 1994 in Dülmen) is a German footballer who plays for Borussia Dortmund II. He plays as a striker.	Tammo Harder	Dülmen
place of birth	Michael Ranseder (born 7 April 1986 in Antiesenhofen) is an Austrian motorcycle racer who participates in motorcycle Grand Prix race.	Michael Ranseder	Antiesenhofen
place of birth	Morton Subotnick (born April 14, 1933, in Los Angeles, California) is an American composer of electronic music, best known for his Silver Apples of the Moon, the first electronic work commissioned by a record company, Nonesuch.	Morton Subotnick	Los Angeles
place of birth	Billy Jennings (born 20 February 1952 in Hackney, London) is an English former footballer who played as a striker.	Billy Jennings	London
place of birth	Aleksandr Kaidarashvili (born 2 November 1978, in Tbilisi) is a Georgian professional football player who is currently unattached.	Aleksandr Kaidarashvili	Tbilisi
place of birth	Hugo Heermann (3 March 1844, Heilbronn -- 6 November 1935, Meran, Italy) was a German violinist.	Hugo Heermann	Heilbronn
place of birth	Joanna Liszowska (born 12 December 1978 in Kraków), is a Polish actress, singer and model.	Joanna Liszowska	Kraków
place of birth	Raja Bora (Assamese: ৰাজা বৰা) alias Polash Phukan was the personal bodyguard of Arabinda Rajkhowa, the chairman of ULFA, the banned terrorist group Assam.	Raja Bora	Assam
place of birth	Rick Cordeiro (born August 14, 1968) is a Canadian television and film actor and producer from Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Rick Cordeiro	Hamilton
place of birth	Adonis Jordan was born as the fourth son to Josephine Jordan in Brooklyn, New York.	Adonis Jordan	Brooklyn
place of birth	Donald Randolph (January 5, 1906 -- March 16, 1993) born in Cape Town was a film, television, and radio actor.	Donald Randolph	Cape Town
place of birth	Benjamin Jesty (c. 1736 -- 16 April 1816) was a farmer at Yetminster in Dorset, England, notable for his early experiment in inducing immunity against smallpox using cowpox.	Benjamin Jesty	Dorset
place of birth	Giovanni Antonio Galignani (1757--1821) was an Italian newspaper publisher born at Brescia.	Giovanni Antonio Galignani	Brescia
place of birth	Yvonne Davis (Joy Denalane) was born in the Berlin-Schöneberg., but grew up in the Berlin district of Kreuzberg.	Joy Denalane	Berlin
place of birth	Jorge Taiana was born in Buenos Aires as the fourth and second youngest child of Matilde Puebla and Jorge Alberto Taiana.	Jorge Taiana	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Milan Chvála (1936, Prague -- ) is a Czech entomologist who specialises in Diptera.	Milan Chvála	Prague
place of birth	Redfoo graduated from Palisades Charter High School in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, California in 1995.	Redfoo	Los Angeles
place of birth	Peter Monamy was baptised at the church of St Botolph's-without-Aldgate, London, England, on 12 January 1681 (new style).	Peter Monamy	London
place of birth	Austin da Luz (born October 9, 1987 in San Diego, California) is an American soccer player for Carolina RailHawks of the North American Soccer League.	Austin da Luz	San Diego
place of birth	Mikhail Glinka was born in the village of Novospasskoye, not far from the Desna River in the Smolensk Governorate of the Russian Empire (later in the Yelninsky District of the Smolensk Oblast).	Mikhail Glinka	Smolensk
place of birth	Sergiy Verigin (born March 24, 1868, Ljubljana, Slovenia -1938) was a Russian Orthodox converted to Catholicism.	Sergiy Verigin	Ljubljana
place of birth	Jonathan Sanger (born April 21, 1944, in Brooklyn, New York) is a film, television, and theater producer and director.	Jonathan Sanger	Brooklyn
place of birth	Hamidou Sinayoko (born 11 March 1986 in Ségou) is a Malian professional footballer, who plays for Djoliba AC.	Hamidou Sinayoko	Ségou
place of birth	Boris Braun (August 20, 1920, Đurđevac) is a Croatian University professor, Holocaust survivor and member of the Jewish community in Zagreb.	Boris Braun	Đurđevac
place of birth	Antoni Piechniczek (born 3 May 1942 in Chorzów) is a retired Polish football player and a football manager.	Antoni Piechniczek	Chorzów
place of birth	Gottlieb Matthias Carl Masch (also known as Carl Masch, Karl Masch or misspelled as Gottlieb Matthäus Carl Masch; 4 August 1794, Schlagsdorf - 28 June 1878, Demern) was a German theologian, rector, pastor, historian, numismatist and writer on heraldry.	Gottlieb Matthias Carl Masch	Schlagsdorf
place of birth	Francisco Javier Oliva commonly known as Francis Oliva or Paco Oliva (b. Gibraltar, 1962) is a Gibraltarian journalist and published author.	Francis Oliva	Gibraltar
place of birth	Vic Dana (born August 26, 1940, Buffalo, New York) is an American dancer and singer.	Vic Dana	Buffalo
place of birth	Edílson Abdala Júnior or simply Edílson (born January 25, 1987 in Uberaba), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder of Palestinian descent.	Edílson Abdala Júnior	Uberaba
place of birth	Mary Swanzy was born in Dublin on 15 February 1882, the second of three daughters of Sir Henry Rosborough Swanzy and his wife Mary (née Denham).	Mary Swanzy	Dublin
place of birth	Mitch Bevan (born 20 February 1991) in Brisbane) is an Australian footballer who plays for Far North Queensland FC in the National Premier Leagues Queensland.	Mitch Bevan	Brisbane
place of birth	Yuz Aleshkovsky was born in Krasnoyarsk in 1929, when his family resided there briefly for his father's business.	Yuz Aleshkovsky	Krasnoyarsk
place of birth	Born in Toulouse in 1867, son of a very strict watchmaker, Dynam-Victor Fumet began his musical studies at the municipal Conservatory where his exceptional talents were very quickly recognized, and where he received all the possible prizes.	Dynam-Victor Fumet	Toulouse
place of birth	Ronildo Pereira de Freitas (born 23 October 1977 in Montes Claros, Minas Gerais), known as Tininho, is a Brazilian retired footballer.	Tininho	Montes Claros
place of birth	Marco Angelini (* July 26, 1984 in Voitsberg, Steiermark) is an Austrian singer and songwriter, who has temporarily withdrawn from public life in 2014 and has worked as a doctor since then.	Marco Angelini	Voitsberg
place of birth	Manrico Ducceschi, a.k.a. Pippo, was born on September 11, 1920 in Capua (Caserta), the son of Fernando Ducceschi and Matilde Bonaccio.	Manrico Ducceschi	Capua
place of birth	Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Jon Drummond is known for being among the world's best starters.	Jon Drummond	Philadelphia
place of birth	Dick Lowry (born September 15, 1944 in Oklahoma) is an American director and film producer.	Dick Lowry	Oklahoma
place of birth	Rosella Sensi (born 18 December 1971 in Rome) is an entrepreneur and Italian professional sports executive.	Rosella Sensi	Rome
place of birth	Patrik Nagy (born 16 February 1991 in Győr) is a Hungarian Midfielder player who currently plays for Szombathelyi Haladás.	Patrik Nagy	Győr
place of birth	Billy Squier's first public performances were at a Boston nightclub in Kenmore Square called the Psychedelic Supermarket in 1968, which is where he saw Eric Clapton and the band Cream.	Billy Squier	Boston
place of birth	The son of Johann Kusser, a Protestant cantor in Pressburg (now Bratislava), Johann Sigismund and his parents moved to Stuttgart in 1674.	Johann Kusser	Bratislava
place of birth	Alexander Ploner (born in Bruneck on July 10, 1978) is an alpine skier and police officer.	Alexander Ploner	Bruneck
place of birth	Alfred Grindle was a Manchester-born architect.	Alfred Grindle	Manchester
place of birth	José de Jesús Arellano Alcocer (born May 8, 1973 in Monterrey, Nuevo León), is a retired Mexican football player.	Jesús Arellano	Monterrey
place of birth	George Henry Cram was born in Shamokin, Pennsylvania, and was a merchant before entering the military service.	George Henry Cram	Shamokin
place of birth	Thomas Maria Mamachi (December 4, 1713 in Chios -- June 7, 1792 in Corneto, near Montefiascone), was an Italo-Greek Dominican theologian and historian.	Thomas Maria Mamachi	Chios
place of birth	Florence Stanley was born as Florence Schwartz in Chicago, the daughter of Hanna (née Weil) and Jack Schwartz.	Florence Stanley	Chicago
place of birth	Tímea Tóth (born 16 September 1980 in Zalaszentgrót) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Érdi VSE and the Hungarian national team.	Tímea Tóth	Zalaszentgrót
place of birth	Michele Aquino (born September 11, 1989 in Naples) is an Italian-born American soccer player who is currently without a club.	Michele Aquino	Naples
place of birth	Kenan İmirzalıoğlu (born 18 June 1974, Ankara) is a Turkish actor, operatic tenor, and former model.	Kenan İmirzalıoğlu	Ankara
place of birth	Kosta Rodrigues (born 12 August 1979 in Rüsselsheim) is a retired German footballer who last played professionally for 1.	Kosta Rodrigues	Rüsselsheim
place of birth	Graciliano Ramos de Oliveira was born in the city of Quebrangulo, in the Brazilian state of Alagoas, on October 27, 1892, to Sebastião Ramos de Oliveira and Maria Amélia Ramos.	Graciliano Ramos	Quebrangulo
place of birth	Richard Lloyd Owen was born on 14 April 1966 at the Charing Cross Hospital in Westminster, London, England.	Lloyd Owen	Charing Cross
place of birth	Gordon Boshell was born in Blackburn, Lancashire and was a journalist and writer for more than 40 years.	Gordon Boshell	Blackburn
place of birth	Martin Bočko (born 22 April 1991) is a Slovak left defender and left midfielder player who currently plays for Spartak Trnava Juniori.	Martin Bočko	Trnava
place of birth	Levinia Brown (born in 1947 at Dawson Inlet, south of Whale Cove, Nunavut) is a Canadian politician, who served as the Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the electoral district of Rankin Inlet South/Whale Cove in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut from 2004 to 2008.	Levinia Brown	Nunavut
place of birth	Chen Muhua was born in 1921 in Qingtian County, Zhejiang Province, during the Republic of China period.	Chen Muhua	Qingtian
place of birth	P. K. Rajasekharan was born on February 21, 1966 in Karippuru, near Malayinkeezh, in Thiruvananthapuram District.	P. K. Rajasekharan	Thiruvananthapuram
place of birth	He was born as Edward Douglas Brown in Kasauli, Dagshai, India.	Edward Douglas Brown	Dagshai
place of birth	Herberts Cukurs (May 17, 1900 in Liepāja, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire -- February 23, 1965 in Shangrilá, Uruguay) was a Latvian aviator.	Herberts Cukurs	Liepāja
place of birth	Keri Arthur is a writer of fantasy, horror fiction, and romance novels from Melbourne, Australia.	Keri Arthur	Melbourne
place of birth	Gun Arvidssen (born 1 February 1977, in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian writer and musician.	Gun Arvidssen	Melbourne
place of birth	Dan Lin was born in Taipei, Taiwan, the son of an executive in the international food industry.	Dan Lin	Taiwan
place of birth	Jurgen Van Goolen (born 28 November 1980 in Leuven, Flanders), is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer.	Jurgen Van Goolen	Leuven
place of birth	Robert Ssejjemba (born 5 December 1980 in Kampala, Uganda) is a retired Ugandan professional soccer player and the current coach of the University of the Southwest men's soccer program.	Robert Ssejjemba	Kampala
place of birth	Vasyl Kuybida (Ukrainian: Василь Степанович Куйбіда, born May 8, 1958 in Inta, Komi ASSR) is a Ukrainian politician, statesman, scientist, son of veterans of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (both father and mother) who were exiled to the Russian North.	Vasyl Kuybida	Inta
place of birth	Bashir Abdi (born 10 February 1989 in Mogadishu) is a Somalian-Belgian athlete who specialises in cross-country and middle and long-distance track running.	Bashir Abdi	Mogadishu
place of birth	James Buel Lile, known as Jimmy Lile or The Arkansas Knifesmith (August 22, 1933 -- May 5, 1991), was an American knifemaker from Russellville in Pope County, Arkansas, who made the Rambo Knife for the films First Blood and Rambo:	Jimmy Lile	Russellville
place of birth	Dinshah Irani was born in Bombay (now Mumbai) to parents of the Irani Zoroastrian community of India.	Dinshah Irani	Mumbai
place of birth	Finian Hanley (born 4 January 1985 in Galway) is a Gaelic footballer from Galway.	Finian Hanley	Galway
place of birth	Barry O'Neill is an Irish sports broadcaster, producer and politician from County Donegal.	Barry O'Neill	County Donegal
place of birth	Lucas Kruspzky (born 6 April 1992) is an Argentine but also Russian football left back who plays for Dinamo Buenos Aires in the Argentine Primera División Russa.	Lucas Kruspzky	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Wubbo de Boer (born 27 May 1948, Amsterdam) is a Dutch civil servant.	Wubbo de Boer	Amsterdam
place of birth	Norman MacLeod of MacLeod was born on 18 July 1812 at Dunvegan, Skye.	Norman MacLeod of MacLeod	Dunvegan
place of birth	Mine Teber (born in 1961, Cyprus) is a Turkish Cypriot actress.	Mine Teber	Cyprus
place of birth	Egwin of Evesham, O.S.B., (died 30 December 717) (also Ecgwin, Ecgwine and Eegwine) was a Benedictine monk and, later, the third Bishop of Worcester in England.	Egwin of Evesham	Worcester
place of birth	José Manuel Torres Félix was born on 28 February 1958 in the town of Llanos del Refugio in Cosalá, Sinaloa.	Manuel Torres Félix	Cosalá
place of birth	Roman Sikora (born 3 July 1970 in Třinec) is a contemporary Czech playwright and journalist.	Roman Sikora	Třinec
place of birth	Tamatoa Wagemann (born 18 March 1980) is a footballer from Papeete, Tahiti currently playing for AS Dragon.	Tamatoa Wagemann	Papeete
place of birth	Luciano Pietronero (born in Rome on December 15, 1949) is an Italian physicist (statistical physics) and full professor at the department of Physics at University of Rome ``Sapienza''.	Luciano Pietronero	Rome
place of birth	Josh Blake (born Joshua Buxbaum on January 7, 1975 in New York City) is an American actor best known for his role Jake Ochmonek, in the sitcom ALF.	Josh Blake	New York City
place of birth	John W. Rollins was born in Keith, Catoosa County, Georgia, the son of John William Rollins and Claudia Nace Rollins, a farmer father and a schoolteacher mother.	John W. Rollins	Georgia
place of birth	Andy Hui Chi-On (born 12 August 1967) is a Hong Kong singer and film actor.	Andy Hui	Hong Kong
place of birth	H.E. Bailiff Jean-Pierre Mazery (born 5 December 1942 in Paris) is a French economist and was the Grand Chancellor (and Foreign Minister) of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (SMOM), a post he has held from 2005 - 2014.	Jean-Pierre Mazery	Paris
place of birth	Dublin born Eimear Quinn joined her first choir at four years of age and at fifteen she started formal vocal training at the College of Music under the tutelage of Jody Beggan.	Eimear Quinn	Dublin
place of birth	N. N. Pillai was born in 1918 at Vaikom, Kottayam district to Ullilakkiru Parambil Narayana Pillai and Vaikom Thekkathil Parukkutty Amma.	N. N. Pillai	Vaikom
place of birth	Margarita Ramos Villar (born 26 June 1966 in Cea) is a retired Spanish athlete who specialised in the shot put.	Margarita Ramos	Cea
place of birth	Léon Metzler (4 June 1896 -- 13 March 1930) was a Luxembourgian football player who played for the club FCM Young Boys Diekirch.	Léon Metzler	Diekirch
place of birth	Rosalba Forciniti (born 13 February 1986 in Cosenza) is an Italian Judoka.	Rosalba Forciniti	Cosenza
place of birth	Dieter Noll was born in Riesa, Saxony to a pharmacist.	Dieter Noll	Riesa
place of birth	Anupam Sinha was born in 1962 at Kanpur to Mr. Awdhesh K. Sinha, a government officer and his wife Mrs. Leilawati Sinha.	Anupam Sinha	Kanpur
place of birth	Piotr Nowak (Polish pronunciation: (pʲɔtr ˈnɔvak); born 5 July 1964 in Pabianice) is a Polish former professional football player.	Piotr Nowak	Pabianice
place of birth	Francesco I Ordelaffi (better known as Cecco I, c. 1300 -- 1332) was lord of Forlì and Bertinoro from 1315 to 1331.	Francesco I Ordelaffi	Forlì
place of birth	Étienne Mimard (1862 in Sens -- 1944) was a French arms manufacturer who, with Pierre Blachon, another arms manufacturer, founded the Manufacture Française d'Armes et Cycles de Saint-Étienne, which became Manufrance in 1947.	Étienne Mimard	Sens
place of birth	Nora Aceval (born 1953, Tousnina) is a traditional storyteller and writer from Algeria.	Nora Aceval	Tousnina
place of birth	Thomas Whitcombe was born in London between 1752 and 19 May 1763, with the latter date frequently cited.	Thomas Whitcombe	London
place of birth	Kristi Marku (born 13 April 1995 in Durrës) is an Albanian football player who currently plays for Flamurtari .	Kristi Marku	Durrës
place of birth	Sue Price (born 29 March 1965 in Mount Prospect, Illinois, USA) is an American professional bodybuilder and actress, probably best known for playing Alex Sinclair in the Nemesis film series, a character inspired by the movie's original hero, Alex Rayne, a member of the LAPD.	Sue Price	Mount Prospect
place of birth	Ivan Leko (born 7 February 1978 in Split) is a Croatian a former football player and currently the assistant manager of PAOK FC.	Ivan Leko	Split
place of birth	As a youth player Gatis Kalniņš played for his local club FK Valmiera, being taken to the first team in 2000.	Gatis Kalniņš	Valmiera
place of birth	Maryam Şahinyan (1911 in Sivas -- 1996 in Istanbul, Turkey) was a famed photographer who is considered the first woman studio photographer in Turkey.	Maryam Şahinyan	Sivas
place of birth	Erich Kleiber (5 August 1890, Alsergrund, Vienna -- 27 January 1956, Zurich) was an Austrian conductor.	Erich Kleiber	Vienna
place of birth	Leonardo di Bisuccio (15th century) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, who painted in the style of the school of Milan.	Leonardo di Bisuccio	Milan
place of birth	Louis Hayes (born May 31, 1937, Detroit, Michigan) is an American jazz drummer.	Louis Hayes	Detroit
place of birth	Carlo Grante (L'Aquila, 1960) is an Italian classical pianist.	Carlo Grante	L'Aquila
place of birth	Boscana (birth name: Lucy Boscana Bravo) was born in the city of Mayagüez which is located on the west coast of Puerto Rico.	Lucy Boscana	Mayagüez
place of birth	Ruslana was born on 24 May 1973 in Lviv, Ukraine to Ukrainian father Stepan Lyzhychko and Russian mother Nina Sapegina.	Ruslana	Lviv
place of birth	Georgi Ulyanov (born 12 September 1985 in Yaroslavl) is a Russian footballer, who last played for Daugava Daugavpils in the Latvian Higher League.	Georgi Ulyanov	Yaroslavl
place of birth	Patrick Zimmerli is an American composer, arranger, producer and saxophonist currently living and working in Paris and New York City.	Patrick Zimmerli	New York City
place of birth	Hamsa Nandini was born and brought up in Pune and moved to Mumbai to become a model.	Hamsa Nandini	Pune
place of birth	Semir Osmanagić (born 1 June 1960 in Zenica, SFR Yugoslavia), also known as Sam Osmanagich, is best known for promoting the pseudo-archaeological projects related to the 'Bosnian pyramid'.	Semir Osmanagić	Zenica
place of birth	Nicholas French (1604 -- 23 August 1678), Roman Catholic Bishop of Ferns, was an Irish political activist and pamphleteer, who was born at Wexford.	Nicholas French	Wexford
place of birth	Barbara Hale was born in DeKalb, Illinois, to Luther Ezra Hale, a landscape gardener, and his wife, Wilma Colvin.	Barbara Hale	DeKalb
place of birth	Tsvi Misinai was born in 1946 in Jerusalem, Mandatory Palestine to Ashkenazi Jewish parents who immigrated from Ternopil in Galicia (now Ukraine) in 1939.	Tsvi Misinai	Jerusalem
place of birth	Álvaro García Cantó (born 7 July 1986 in La Romana, Alicante, Valencian Community) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Hércules CF as a left winger.	Álvaro García Cantó	La Romana
place of birth	Christopher M. (born 1975 in Oakland) Christopher Mangum, known as the ``Painter of Chefs'', is a contemporary oil painter who lives in San Diego, California.	Christopher Mangum	Oakland
place of birth	Patricia Robins (born 1 February 1921 in Hove, Sussex, England) is a British romance novelist, also known as Claire Lorrimer.	Patricia Robins	Hove
place of birth	Eraldo Pecci (born 12 April 1955 in San Giovanni in Marignano) is an Italian writer, pundit, and former footballer, who played as a Midfielder.	Eraldo Pecci	San Giovanni in Marignano
place of birth	Jerry Cronin was born in Currabeha, Fermoy, County Cork, the son of Alice (née Mulcahy) and Sean Cronin.	Jerry Cronin	Fermoy
place of birth	Bernold of Constance (c. 1054--Schaffhausen, September 16, 1100) was a chronicler and writer of tracts, and a defender of the Church reforms of Pope Gregory VII.	Bernold of Constance	Schaffhausen
place of birth	Ed Greenwood grew up in the upscale Toronto suburb of Don Mills.	Ed Greenwood	Toronto
place of birth	Richardson was born in El Segundo Barrio in El Paso, Texas, United States to Nolan Richardson Sr. and Clareast Richardson.	Nolan Richardson	El Paso
place of birth	Damian London (born November 12, 1931 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American stage and television actor.	Damian London	Chicago
place of birth	Stan Hanson (born Stan Hansen in Bootle, Lancashire, 27 December 1915 died 1987) was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers for his whole professional career.	Stan Hanson	Bootle
place of birth	Paolo Costa (born 23 July 1943 in Venice) is the President of the Venice Port Authority.	Paolo Costa	Venice
place of birth	Jenny Spain (born July 2, 1980 in San Diego, California) is an American actress of Spanish descent.	Jenny Spain	San Diego
place of birth	Mike Parisy (born 8 October 1984 in Pau) is a French racing driver, who formerly competed in the FIA GT1 World Championship.	Mike Parisy	Pau
place of birth	Hachivi Edgar Heap of Birds was born on November 22, 1954 in Wichita, Kansas, where his father worked in the aeronautical industry.	Edgar Heap of Birds	Wichita
place of birth	Andi Ribaji (born 21 November 1989 in Vlorë) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a Forward for Maccabi Kiryat Gat in Liga Leumit.	Andi Ribaj	Vlorë
place of birth	Deborah Lawrie was born in Sydney and her family later moved to Melbourne.	Deborah Lawrie	Sydney
place of birth	Joël Chenal (born October 10, 1973 in Moûtiers) is a French alpine skier.	Joël Chenal	Moûtiers
place of birth	Johan Lennarts was born on 18 December 1932 in Strijp, Eindhoven, the youngest one of a family with five children.	Johan Lennarts	Strijp
place of birth	Stephan Vujčić (Croatian: Štefan Vujčić; born 3 January 1986 in Hamburg) is a German professional footballer who currently plays for Macedonian club KF Shkëndija.	Stephan Vujčić	Hamburg
place of birth	Wanda Shelley (born April 12, 1969 in Atlanta, GA) is an American producer, best known as one of the pioneers of urban reality television, is a 10-year production veteran and Vice-President/ Co Owner of Simmons-Shelley Entertainment formerly B2 Entertainment Studios.	Wanda Shelley	Atlanta
place of birth	Ivan Gašparovič was born in Poltár, near Lučenec and Banská Bystrica in present-day south-central Slovakia, that time in the first Slovak Republic.	Ivan Gašparovič	Poltár
place of birth	André Kudelski (born on May 26, 1960 in Lausanne), is a Swiss engineer of a Polish descent, who is the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Kudelski Group.	André Kudelski	Lausanne
place of birth	Aurélien Cotentin (French pronunciation: ​(oʁeljɛ̃ kɔtɑ̃ˈtɛ̃); born 1 August 1982 in Alençon, Orne), better known by his stage name Orelsan, sometimes stylized as OrelSan ((ɔʁɛlˈsan)), is a French rapper, songwriter, record producer, actor and film director.	Orelsan	Alençon
place of birth	Christophor Araratov was born in a noble family on 18 June 1876 in Tbilisi (now the capital of Republic of Georgia).	Christophor Araratov	Tbilisi
place of birth	Herman Simm (born May 29, 1947 in Suure-Jaani) is a former chief of the Estonian Defence Ministry's security department and convicted Russian spy.	Herman Simm	Suure-Jaani
place of birth	Marla Heasley (born September 4, 1959 in Hollywood, California) is an American film and TV actress.	Marla Heasley	Hollywood
place of birth	Richard Hofstadter was born in Buffalo, New York, in 1916, to a Jewish father, Emil A. Hofstadter and a German American Lutheran mother, Katherine (née Hill), who died when Richard was ten.	Richard Hofstadter	Buffalo
place of birth	Geire Kami (pronounced /ˈɡɛərɑːˌkæmi/ GHAIR-ah KAM-ee) (b.Geire Pinnock 3 March 1974 Sydney) is an Australian actress, who has appeared in many Melbourne theatre productions.	Geire Kami	Sydney
place of birth	Thomas Hedley Jr., (born Rugby, Warwickshire) is a British magazine editor and screenwriter.	Thomas Hedley	Rugby
place of birth	William Anderton (born 1879 in Blackpool) was an English professional footballer.	William Anderton	Blackpool
place of birth	James Wolfe was born at the local vicarage on 2 January 1727 (New Style or 22 December 1726 Old Style) at Westerham, Kent, the older of two sons of Colonel (later Lieutenant General) Edward Wolfe, a veteran soldier of Irish origin, and the former Henrietta Thompson.	James Wolfe	Westerham
place of birth	Kelvin Mercer (born August 17, 1969, in The Bronx, New York) is a rapper, producer, and one-third of the hip hop trio De La Soul.	Kelvin Mercer	The Bronx
place of birth	Nii Amaa Ollennu was one of the Accra representatives in the Gold Coast Legislative Assembly during the early 1950s.	Nii Amaa Ollennu	Accra
place of birth	He was born Willet Melbourne MacDowell in Little Washington, New Jersey (now South River, New Jersey).	Melbourne MacDowell	South River, New Jersey
place of birth	Meagan Smith (born March 28, 1986 in Glendale, California) is a live film and voice actress.	Meagan Smith	Glendale
place of birth	Asher Benjamin was born in rural Hartland, Connecticut, shortly after which his father died.	Asher Benjamin	Hartland
place of birth	Stefán Hörður Grímsson (Hafnarfjörður, 1919--2002) was an Icelandic modernist, one of the so-called Atom Poets.	Stefán Hörður Grímsson	Hafnarfjörður
place of birth	Geraldo Pereira de Matos Filho (born 27 January 1953 in Além Paraíba) is a retired Brazilian professional footballer nicknamed Mazarópi who currently manages SER Santo Ângelo.	Mazarópi	Além Paraíba
place of birth	Luiza Erundina de Sousa (Portuguese pronunciation: (luˈizɐ ɛrũˈdjinɐ); November 30, 1934) is a Brazilian politician, born in Uiraúna.	Luiza Erundina	Uiraúna
place of birth	Ivan Paskevich was born in Poltava on 19 May 1782, to a well-known family of the Ukrainian Cossack gentry, he was educated at the imperial institution for pages, where his progress was rapid, and in 1800 received his commission in the Guards and was named aide-de-camp to the tsar.	Ivan Paskevich	Poltava
place of birth	Born in Siegen, Southern Westphalia, on 25 February 1896, Heinrich Gontermann grew into a tall slender man, full of vitality.	Heinrich Gontermann	Siegen
place of birth	Helène Aylon (born Helene Greenfield, February 4, 1931, Brooklyn, New York) is an American multimedia and ecofeminist artist.	Helène Aylon	Brooklyn
place of birth	Roald Poulsen (born 28 November 1950) is a Danish football (soccer) manager, who most prominently won the 1989 Danish championship with Odense BK and managed the Zambia national football team.	Roald Poulsen	Odense
place of birth	Vitaly Lunkin (born 7 May 1971) is a Russian professional poker player from Moscow, Russia who has won two World Series of Poker bracelets.	Vitaly Lunkin	Moscow
place of birth	Gérard Landry (16 October 1912 -- 18 September 1999) was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina and began acting in 1932 with his first movie Mirages de Paris.	Gérard Landry	Buenos Aires
place of birth	George Carey Foster (October 1835 -- 9 February 1919) was a chemist and physicist, born at Sabden in Lancashire.	Carey Foster	Sabden
place of birth	Eva Šuranová (née Kucmanová born April 24, 1946 in Ózd, Hungary) is a Czechoslovak athlete, who competed mainly in the long jump.	Eva Šuranová	Ózd
place of birth	Masoud Lavasani (Persian: مسعود لواسانی‎‎), (born 1979 Tehran) is an Iranian journalist and blogger.	Masoud Lavasani	Tehran
place of birth	Donghua Li (Chinese: 李东华, Pinyin: Lǐ Dōng Huá, born December 10, 1967 in Chengdu, China) is a Swiss gymnast from China.	Donghua Li	Chengdu
place of birth	Roy D'Arcy was born as Roy Francis Giusti in San Francisco but educated in Europe and studied painting in Paris.	Roy D'Arcy	San Francisco
place of birth	Chelsea Marshall (born August 14, 1986 in Randolph, Vermont) is an American alpine ski racer who has competed since 2002.	Chelsea Marshall	Randolph, Vermont
place of birth	Ján Valach (born August 19, 1973 in Myjava) is a retired Slovak professional road cyclist.	Ján Valach	Myjava
place of birth	Princess Michael of Kent was born on 15 January 1945, in Karlsbad, a town then in German-populated Sudetenland and now known as Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic.	Princess Michael of Kent	Karlovy Vary
place of birth	Luis Romano Peris Belmonte (born 7 June 1954 in Rome, Lazio), better known as Gary Low, is an Italian-born Spanish recording artist who was most active during the 1980s era of Italo disco.	Gary Low	Rome
place of birth	Patrick Harrington was born in Kennington and his secondary education was at the Pimlico Comprehensive School and Tenison's School.	Patrick Harrington	Kennington
place of birth	Born in Tetovo, coming from FK Teteks, Emran Ramadani joined Serbian club FK Hajduk Kula and played one game with them in the 2010--11 Serbian SuperLiga.	Emran Ramadani	Tetovo
place of birth	Vukašin Tomić (Serbian Cyrillic: Bукaшин Томић; born April 8, 1987 in Kruševac) is a Serbian footballer who last played for Radnik Surdulica in the Serbian Superliga.	Vukašin Tomić	Kruševac
place of birth	Dickie Stanford was born on 9 January 1956 in Highworth near Wiltshire but grew up in Swindon.	Dickie Stanford	Highworth
place of birth	Gennady Timchenko was born in Leninakan (now Gyumri), Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic (Soviet Union) in 1952.	Gennady Timchenko	Gyumri
place of birth	Terje Rollem was born in Bærum to a clerk named Theodor Georg Martinsen and his wife Margit Dagny Berner Høglund.	Terje Rollem	Bærum
place of birth	Mark Borkowski (born 1959 in Stroud, Gloucestershire) is a British PR agent and author with an interest in the history of public relations and the art of the publicity stunt.	Mark Borkowski	Stroud
place of birth	Marcelo Birmajer (born November 29, 1966 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine Jewish author.	Marcelo Birmajer	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Kristján Örn Sigurðsson (often spelled Sigurdsson) (born 7 October 1980 in Akureyri) is an Icelandic retired footballer.	Kristján Örn Sigurðsson	Akureyri
place of birth	Heinrich Streintz (May 7, 1848 in Vienna - November 11, 1892) was an Austrian physicist.	Heinrich Streintz	Vienna
place of birth	Dejan Joksimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дejaн Joкcимoвић, born January 10, 1965 in Belgrade) is a Serbian retired footballer and current players agent.	Dejan Joksimović	Belgrade
place of birth	William Bullein Johnson (13 June 1782 -- 2 October 1862) was one of the founders of the South Carolina State Baptist Convention in 1821, and later was the first president of the Southern Baptist Convention from 1845 to 1851.	William Bullein Johnson	South Carolina
place of birth	Dave Suzuki (born February 8, 1972, Suzuki Deibu) is a death metal multi-instrumentalist from Las Vegas, Nevada.	Dave Suzuki	Las Vegas
place of birth	Born Adam Russell Hunter in Glasgow, Hunter's childhood was spent with his maternal grandparents in Lanarkshire, until returning to his unemployed father and cleaner mother when he was 12.	Russell Hunter	Glasgow
place of birth	Christopher Tsui (born 1981 in Hong Kong) is a businessman and a Champion Thoroughbred racehorse owner.	Christopher Tsui	Hong Kong
place of birth	Born and raised in Akureyri, in northern Iceland, Páll Skúlason graduated from highschool in 1965.	Páll Skúlason	Akureyri
place of birth	Kevin Rigdon (born February 17, 1956 in Pontiac, Michigan, USA) is a scenic designer, lighting designer.	Kevin Rigdon	Pontiac
place of birth	Pablita Abeyta (Ta-Nez-Bah, Navajo, born 1953) is a Navajo sculptor and activist from New Mexico, United States.	Pablita Abeyta	New Mexico
place of birth	Joyce Hedy Kurtz (born June 25, 1958 in Cleveland, Ohio), better known as Joyce Kurtz or Joyce Kurtz Mahan, is a voice actress.	Joyce Kurtz	Cleveland
place of birth	Roberto Muzzi (born 21 September 1971 in Rome) is an Italian retired football striker.	Roberto Muzzi	Rome
place of birth	Léo Rispal (born 3 August 2000 in Roanne) is a French child singer and winner of second season of the French reality television series L'École des stars broadcast in 2009 with the final broadcast on 25 December 2009 on French television station Direct 8.	Léo Rispal	Roanne
place of birth	Adolphe Deledda (Villa Minozzo (Italy), 26 September 1919 -- Die, 9 October 2003) was an Italian/French professional road bicycle racer.	Adolphe Deledda	Villa Minozzo
place of birth	Celeste Johnson (Chicago, 1959) is an American model who became successful as a TV presenter and singer in Italy.	Celeste Johnson	Chicago
place of birth	Leslie Erganian was born in Oak Park, Illinois, attended William Fremd High School and became a pre-med biology student at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.	Leslie Erganian	Oak Park
place of birth	Vanessa Bell Armstrong (born Vanessa Bell on October 2, 1953 in Detroit, Michigan) is a gospel singer who released her debut album Peace Be Still in 1983.	Vanessa Bell Armstrong	Detroit
place of birth	Kenny De Ketele (born 5 June 1985 in Oudenaarde) is a Belgian professional racing cyclist with UCI Professional Continental team Topsport Vlaanderen-Baloise.	Kenny De Ketele	Oudenaarde
place of birth	Jean Chouan was the nom de guerre of the Frenchman, Jean Cottereau, who was born at Saint-Berthevin, near Laval, in the department of Mayenne on 30 October 1757 and died 18 July 1794 at Olivet, also in Mayenne.	Jean Chouan	Saint-Berthevin
place of birth	Pieter Smith (born April 3, 1987 in Upington) is a South African sprinter, who specialized in the 400 metres.	Pieter Smith	Upington
place of birth	Gilles Proulx grew up in the Montreal neighbourhood of Verdun.	Gilles Proulx	Montreal
place of birth	Sophie Tolstoy Regan (née Sophie Alexandra Tolstoy, born March 25, 1967 in Lidingö, Stockholm County) is a Swedish actress.	Sophie Tolstoy	Lidingö
place of birth	Brian Biggs (born March 9, 1968, in Little Rock, Arkansas) is a children's book author and illustrator.	Brian Biggs	Little Rock
place of birth	Theodric Romeyn Beck (April 11, 1791 -- November 19, 1855), alternatively Theodoric Romeyn Beck or T. Romeyn Beck, was an American physician in Albany, New York specializing in medical jurisprudence who authored the first significant American book on forensic medicine, Elements of Medical Jurisprudence in 1823.	Theodric Romeyn Beck	Albany
place of birth	Rocco Hunt (born Rocco Pagliarulo, November 21, 1994, Salerno) is an Italian rapper.	Rocco Hunt	Salerno
place of birth	Kahil El'Zabar (born November 11, 1953, Chicago, Illinois) is a jazz multi-instrumentalist (mainly a percussionist) and composer.	Kahil El'Zabar	Chicago
place of birth	Helen Kurup (born 9 September 1986 in North London) is an English actress best known for her role as Khush in the CBBC's I Dream.	Helen Kurup	London
place of birth	Menachem Birnbaum (born 1893 in Vienna, died probably 1944), was an Austrian Jewish book illustrator and portrait painter.	Menachem Birnbaum	Vienna
place of birth	On 23 May 1947, Ann Hui was born in Anshan, Liaoning province, Manchuria to a Chinese father and a Japanese mother.	Ann Hui	Anshan
place of birth	Willem Jan Derx was born in Elmina on the Dutch Gold Coast to governor Willem George Frederik Derx and Jacoba Araba Bartels, daughter of the Euro-African trader Carel Hendrik Bartels.	Willem Jan Derx	Elmina
place of birth	Rider left Gernsback Publishing to start his own publishing company, John F. Rider Publisher at 404 Fourth Avenue, New York, New York (later moved to 480 Canal St., New York, New York).	John F. Rider	New York
place of birth	Enrique Larrinaga Esnal (Basque: (en'ɾike la'rinaga es'nal) 20 June 1910 -- 8 May 1993) was a Spanish footballer from Sestao in the Basque Country who played as a Midfielder.	Enrique Larrinaga Esnal	Basque Country
place of birth	Dennis Rofe (born 1 June 1950, in Epping) is a former professional football player, who spent most of his playing career with Leicester City before spending many years in various coaching capacities at Southampton.	Dennis Rofe	Epping
place of birth	Karl Schügerl (born 22 June 1927 in Sopron, Hungary) completed his chemical engineering studies at the University of Budapest in 1949.	Karl Schügerl	Sopron
place of birth	Theodor Schneider (7 May 1911, Frankfurt am Main -- 31 October 1988, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German mathematician, best known for providing proof of what is now known as the Gelfond--	Theodor Schneider	Frankfurt
place of birth	Peter Williams, Jr. was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the son of Peter Williams, a Revolutionary War veteran, and his wife, an indentured servant from St. Kitts.	Peter Williams, Jr.	New Brunswick
place of birth	Goran Radonjić is a Montenegrin heavyweight kickboxer fighting out of Podgorica, Montenegro, captain of Montenegrin kickboxing team.	Goran Radonjić	Podgorica
place of birth	Mitchell Stephens was born in New York City, and was raised in Manhattan, Queens, and Long Island.	Mitchell Stephens	New York City
place of birth	John Du Prez (born Trevor Jones; 14 December 1946 in Sheffield, England) is a musician, conductor, and composer.	John Du Prez	Sheffield
place of birth	Evgeny Koptelov (Russian: Евгений Коптелов), (born 5 August 1998 in Volgograd, Volgograd Oblast, Russia) is a Russian swimmer.	Evgeny Koptelov	Volgograd
place of birth	Shmelke of Nikolsburg (1726 Chortkiv, Galicia -- April 28, 1778 Nikolsburg, Moravia) was one of the great early Chasidic Rebbes.	Shmelke of Nikolsburg	Galicia
place of birth	Hille Perl (born 1965 in Hildegard Perl, in Bremen) is a German virtuoso performer of the viola da gamba and lirone.	Hille Perl	Bremen
place of birth	Karl Riha (born 3 June 1935, Český Krumlov, Czechoslovakia) is a German author and literary scholar.	Karl Riha	Český Krumlov
place of birth	Thomas M. Connelly, Jr., born in Toledo, Ohio in June 1952, is an American business executive with a focus on chemical engineering.	Thomas M. Connelly	Toledo
place of birth	Borko Milenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бopкo Mилeнкoвић ; born July 10, 1984 in Paraćin) is a Serbian footballer, who plays for Tërbuni Pukë in the Albanian Superliga.	Borko Milenković	Paraćin
place of birth	Deniz Akkoyun (born November 5, 1984 in Amersfoort) is a Turkish-Dutch model and actress who was elected Miss Nederland 2008.	Deniz Akkoyun	Amersfoort
place of birth	Sarah-Quita Offringa (born 4 July 1991) is a Dutch professional sailor from Aruba.	Sarah-Quita Offringa	Aruba
place of birth	Born in Brescia, Desiderius was originally a royal officer, the dux Langobardorum et comes stabuli, ``constable and duke of the Lombards,'' an office apparently similar to the contemporaneous Frankish office of dux Francorum.	Desiderius	Brescia
place of birth	Zsuzsa Almássy (born October 8, 1950 in Budapest) is a Hungarian former Olympic figure skater.	Zsuzsa Almássy	Budapest
place of birth	Willard Harrison Bennett (June 13, 1903 -- September 28, 1987) was an American scientist and inventor, born in Findlay, Ohio.	Willard Harrison Bennett	Findlay
place of birth	Jaheim grew up in New Brunswick, New Jersey, in the Memorial Parkway Homes public housing.	Jaheim	New Brunswick
place of birth	Guillermo Amoedo Schultze (born 2 March 1983 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan director and screenwriter, working in Santiago, Chile since 2007.	Guillermo Amoedo	Montevideo
place of birth	Tanel Toom studied filmmaking at the Tallinn University, graduating with a BA in 2005.	Tanel Toom	Tallinn
place of birth	Fan Baiqun (Chinese: 范柏群; born 18 February 1987 in Tianjin) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Tianjin Teda.	Fan Baiqun	Tianjin
place of birth	Seo In-guk came from a family in Ulsan.	Seo In-guk	Ulsan
place of birth	David Nadien was born in Brooklyn, New York, on March 12, 1926, the son of Armenian-American George and Bertha Nadien.	David Nadien	Brooklyn
place of birth	Christian Schulz (born 1 April 1983 in Bassum, Lower Saxony) is a German footballer, currently with German Bundesliga club Hannover 96 as a centre back.	Christian Schulz	Bassum
place of birth	Hou Junjie (Chinese: 侯俊杰; born 8 July 1993 in Jiangsu) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin as a Midfielder.	Hou Junjie	Jiangsu
place of birth	Iasmin Latovlevici (born 11 May 1986 in Moldova Nouă) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Turkish club Gençlerbirliği as a left-sided full back.	Iasmin Latovlevici	Moldova Nouă
place of birth	Andrea Kruis (born October 22, 1962 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch comics artist.	Andrea Kruis	Rotterdam
place of birth	Pouvanaa a Oopa was born in 1895 in Maeva, on the island of Huahine.	Pouvanaa a Oopa	Huahine
place of birth	Born Marriah Bridget Andersen in Inglewood, California to Frank Glass and Teresa Andersen, Bridgette Andersen (as she was known professionally) was raised in Malibu, California, and from an early age, she showed exceptional intelligence.	Bridgette Andersen	Inglewood
place of birth	Luis Salgado (born August 30, 1980 in Bayamón, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican performer, director, choreographer, and producer.	Luis Salgado	Puerto Rico
place of birth	Born in Griffin, Georgia, her hometown honored her with the unveiling of the Wyomia Tyus Olympic Park in 1999.	Wyomia Tyus	Griffin
place of birth	Clive Granger was born in 1934 in Britain, in Swansea, south Wales, the son of Edward John Granger and Evelyn Granger.	Clive Granger	Swansea
place of birth	Daniel Waszkiewicz (born 17 January 1957 in Chocianów) is a former Polish team handball player.	Daniel Waszkiewicz	Chocianów
place of birth	Skerik (born Eric Walton) is an American saxophonist from Seattle, Washington.	Skerik	Seattle
place of birth	Antonio Iovine (San Cipriano d'Aversa, born September 20, 1964) is a powerful Italian Camorrista and one of the bosses of the Casalesi clan from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta between Naples and Lazio.	Antonio Iovine	San Cipriano d'Aversa
place of birth	Jeanine Assani Issouf (born 17 August 1992 in Marseille) is a French athlete whose specialty is the triple jump.	Jeanine Assani Issouf	Marseille
place of birth	Tryphon or Trypho (Greek: Τρύφων, gen.: Τρύφωνος) (ca. 60 BC-10 BC) was a Greek grammarian who lived and worked in Alexandria.	Tryphon	Alexandria
place of birth	David Woodard (birth registered April 6, 1964 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American businessman.	David Woodard	Santa Barbara
place of birth	Maithripala Sirisena was born on 3 September 1951 in Yagoda, a village in present-day Gampaha District.	Maithripala Sirisena	Gampaha District
place of birth	Ancuța Bobocel (born 3 October 1987 in Drobeta-Turnu Severin) is a Romanian long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Ancuța Bobocel	Drobeta-Turnu Severin
place of birth	Edin Karamazov (Zenica, 1965) is a Bosnian classical lutenist.	Edin Karamazov	Zenica
place of birth	Jack Renshaw was born on 8 August 1909 near Wellington in central New South Wales.	Jack Renshaw	Wellington
place of birth	Yekaterina Ananina (Екатерина Ананьина ; born 13 June 1991 in Yekaterinburg, Russian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian ice hockey forward.	Yekaterina Ananina	Yekaterinburg
place of birth	Lourdes Vázquez is a writer born in Puerto Rico and a resident of the United States.	Lourdes Vázquez	Puerto Rico
place of birth	Sri Raja Vairicherla Veerabhadra Raju Bahadur Garu (born September 6, 1877) was an Indian aristocrat and politician who served as the hereditary zamindar of Kurupam from September 1891 and as a member of the Madras Legislative Council	Veerabhadra Raju Bahadur	Kurupam
place of birth	Jamal Jumá, born in Baghdad, is an Iraqi poet and writer.	Jamal Jumá	Baghdad
place of birth	Pietro Marcellino Corradini was born to bourgeois parents on 2 June 1658 in Sezze to Torquato Corradini and Porzia Ciammarucone.	Pietro Marcellino Corradini	Sezze
place of birth	Joni Patry is the founder and Director of the Galactic Center in Dallas, Texas, and a teacher and Vedic astrologer.	Joni Patry	Dallas
place of birth	Pavel Zhagun (Russian: Павел Николаевич Жагун, born May 22, 1954 in Chelyabinsk, Russia) is a Russian poet, musician, record producer, artist, and curator.	Pavel Zhagun	Chelyabinsk
place of birth	Petar Fartunov (born June 3, 1989 in Samokov) is a Bulgarian ski jumper, born 1989.	Petar Fartunov	Samokov
place of birth	Omar Abdulrahman Ahmed Al Raaki Al Amoodi (Arabic: عمر عبد الرحمن أحمد الراقي العمودي‎; born 20 September 1991) nicknamed as Amoory, is an Emirati professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for UAE Arabian Gulf League club Al-Ain and the UAE national football team.	Omar Abdulrahman	Al-Ain
place of birth	Palito was born in Calamba, Laguna, near the house of Dr. José Rizal (known as the Rizal Shrine).	Palito	Calamba
place of birth	Edith van Dijk (born April 6, 1973 in Haastrecht) is a Dutch swimmer and 6-fold world champion.	Edith van Dijk	Haastrecht
place of birth	Dutch Schultz (born Arthur Simon Flegenheimer; August 6, 1902 -- October 24, 1935) was a New York City-area German Jewish-American mobster of the 1920s and 1930s who made his fortune in organized crime-related activities, including bootlegging and the numbers racket.	Dutch Schultz	New York City
place of birth	Eleftheria Arvanitaki (Greek: Ελευθερία Αρβανιτάκη) (born October 17, 1957 in Piraeus) is a Greek folk singer.	Eleftheria Arvanitaki	Piraeus
place of birth	About 1831, they moved to Schenectady, New York and son John Owen Dominis was born on March 10, 1832.	John Owen Dominis	Schenectady
place of birth	Angela Tooby (Angela Rosemary Tooby, married Tooby-Smith; born 24 October 1960 in Woolhope, Herefordshire, England) is a former British athlete who specialised in long-distance running.	Angela Tooby	Woolhope
place of birth	Martin Ruland the Elder (1532, in Freising -- 3 February 1602), also known as Martinus Rulandus or Martin Rulandt, was a German physician and alchemist.	Martin Ruland the Elder	Freising
place of birth	Jiří Kejval (born 30 November 1967 in Prague) is an entrepreneur, President of the Czech Olympic Committee and former international rower.	Jiří Kejval	Prague
place of birth	Gilles Marguet (born 3 December 1967 in Pontarlier, Doubs) is a retired French biathlete.	Gilles Marguet	Pontarlier
place of birth	Marc-Antoine Goulard is a French American artist, born in 1964 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, who defends abstract lyric painting.	Marc-Antoine Goulard	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Lucia Annunziata (Sarno, August 8, 1950) is an Italian journalist.	Lucia Annunziata	Sarno
place of birth	Karl Vaino (Russian: Карл Генрихович Вайно, Karl Genrihovich Vaino; born 28 May 1923 in Tomsk, Russia) is a former Estonian SSR politician.	Karl Vaino	Tomsk
place of birth	Hahneman was born in Puerto Castilla, Honduras, to a Honduran mother, Delia Pastore Ordonez, and an American father, the late William Frederick Hahneman, of San Francisco.	Frederick Hahneman	Puerto Castilla, Honduras
place of birth	Ben Mezrich (born February 7, 1969) is an American author from Princeton, New Jersey.	Ben Mezrich	Princeton
place of birth	Michele Cossato (born April 28, 1970 in Milan) is an Italian former professional footballer who now plays as a striker for Domegliara, a team that competes in Serie D of the Italian Championship.	Michele Cossato	Milan
place of birth	Adriano Francisco (born April 12, 1988 in Rio de Janeiro) is n Brazilian footballer who plays for Puerto Rico United in the USL Professional Division.	Adriano Francisco	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Ji Chao (Chinese: 纪超; born 1 January 1991 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player.	Ji Chao	Shenyang
place of birth	The club Neuchâtel Xamax, twice Swiss champions in the 1980s, is named after ``Xam'' Max Abegglen.	Max Abegglen	Neuchâtel
place of birth	Arnold Stoffers was born on 1 September 1910, near Kiel in Germany.	Arnold Stoffers	Kiel
place of birth	Paul Reichard was born on 2 December 1854 in Neuwied on the Rhine.	Paul Reichard	Neuwied
place of birth	Tomasz Sapryk (born November 17, 1966, in Warsaw) is a Polish actor.	Tomasz Sapryk	Warsaw
place of birth	Leung Chi Wing (Chinese: 梁志榮; Jyutping: loeng4 zi3 wing4; born 29 April 1978 in British Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong football player, who played for Kitchee in the Hong Kong First Division League.	Leung Chi Wing	Hong Kong
place of birth	Anton Elbel was born in Vienna on 6 January 1834 and attended the Polytechnic Institute there.	Anton Elbel	Vienna
place of birth	Heinrich Louis d'Arrest (13 August 1822 -- 14 June 1875; German pronunciation: (daˈʁɛ) ) was a German astronomer, born in Berlin.	Heinrich Louis d'Arrest	Berlin
place of birth	Brian Croucher (born 23 January 1942 in Surrey) is an English actor and director perhaps best known for his role as Ted Hills, which he played from 1995 to 1997, in the soap opera EastEnders.	Brian Croucher	Surrey
place of birth	Randi Rahm is an American fashion designer based in New York City and raised in Long Island.	Randi Rahm	New York City
place of birth	He Yang (simplified Chinese: 何杨; traditional Chinese: 何楊; pinyin: Hé Yáng; born 23 February 1983 in Tianjin) is a Chinese international footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon as a defender in the China League One.	He Yang	Tianjin
place of birth	John McGraw, Sr.'s first wife died, and he began moving around looking for work--a search that ultimately led him to Truxton, New York, in 1871.	John McGraw	Truxton
place of birth	David Nicholas Wilkinson (born 2 December 1955 in Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is the founder and Chairman of Guerilla Films Limited, a production and distribution company based in London.	David Nicholas Wilkinson	Leeds
place of birth	Christoph Wilhelm Jacob Gatterer (December 2, 1759 -- September 11, 1838) was a German cameralist and natural historian born in Göttingen.	Christoph Wilhelm Jacob Gatterer	Göttingen
place of birth	Kim Jong-hak was born on November 5, 1951 in Jecheon, North Chungcheong Province, the fourth son of seven siblings.	Kim Jong-hak	Jecheon
place of birth	Tim Feehan (born April 27, 1957 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian singer-songwriter, producer, LA area studio owner and mix master.	Tim Feehan	Edmonton
place of birth	Montague Haltrecht was born in Willesden, North London on 27 February 1932, the third son of immigrant Jewish parents.	Montague Haltrecht	Willesden
place of birth	Eduard Cuypers (April 18, 1859 Roermond -- June 1, 1927, The Hague) was a Dutch architect.	Eduard Cuypers	Roermond
place of birth	Born and raised in Caracas, Venezuela, T. J. MacGregor is bilingual and feels a deep kinship with South America.	T. J. MacGregor	Caracas
place of birth	Yang Kun joined Baotou Steel Company art troupe in 1989.	Yang Kun	Baotou
place of birth	Darren Tate (born 22 October 1972, London) is an English record producer and club DJ.	Darren Tate	London
place of birth	Oswaldo Novoa Mora, also known as El Gallito (born on 2 February 1982 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican professional boxer.	Oswaldo Novoa	Guadalajara
place of birth	Jan Ghyselinck (born February 24, 1988 in Tielt) is a Belgian professional road cyclist, who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team Wanty-Groupe Gobert.	Jan Ghyselinck	Tielt
place of birth	Arnd Schmitt (born 13 July 1965 in Heidenheim an der Brenz) is a German fencer and Olympic champion in the épée competition.	Arnd Schmitt	Heidenheim an der Brenz
place of birth	Harry Watts (15 June 1826 -- 23 April 1913) was a Sunderland sailor and diver, who rescued over 40 people from drowning during his lifetime -- and assisted in the rescue of another 120 people.	Harry Watts	Sunderland
place of birth	Enrico De Maria (born 20 December 1976 in Rüti) is a Swiss Olympic Star class sailor.	Enrico De Maria	Rüti
place of birth	Derby Makinka (born 5 September 1965, in Harare, Zimbabwe, died 27 April 1993) was a Zambian footballer and member of the national team.	Derby Makinka	Harare
place of birth	Tony Hajjar (born August 17, 1974 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese American drummer, best known for playing in At the Drive-In and Sparta.	Tony Hajjar	Beirut
place of birth	Augusto Andaveris Iriondo (born 5 May 1979 in the Chicaloma, La Paz Department) is a Bolivian football striker who currently plays for San José in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Augusto Andaveris	La Paz
place of birth	Richard Francis-Bruce (born 10 December 1948 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian film editor who has received several nominations for the Academy Award for Film Editing.	Richard Francis-Bruce	Sydney
place of birth	James H. Harris is specifically honored and memorialized by the United States Colored Troops Memorial Statue in Lexington Park, Maryland (in St. Mary's County, where he grew up and also worked as a farmer).	James H. Harris	St. Mary's County
place of birth	Alfredo Andreini (born on July 27, 1870 in Florence and died on December 11, 1943 in Lippiano) was an Italian physician and entomologist.	Alfredo Andreini	Florence
place of birth	Born Annie Lucasta Rogers in 1879 in the small lumbering town of Patten, Maine, Lou Rogers was the fourth of seven children born to Col. Luther Bailey ``L. B.'' Rogers and Mary Elizabeth Barker Rogers.	Lou Rogers	Patten
place of birth	Wailadmi Passah (born 22 February 1988 in Jowai in Meghalaya) is an Indian football player.	Wailadmi Passah	Jowai
place of birth	Alan Gifford, born John Lennox, (March 11, 1911-March 20, 1989) was an American-born actor from Taunton, Massachusetts, who worked mainly in Britain, where he died in Blairgowrie, Perthshire.	Alan Gifford	Taunton
place of birth	Maciej Skorża (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmat͡ɕɛj ˈskɔrʐa); born January 10, 1972 in Radom) is a Polish football manager.	Maciej Skorża	Radom
place of birth	Born in Mirano, Venice, in 1952, Maurizio Milan graduated in Civil Engineering from the University of Padua in 1977 and started his career designing concrete and steel prefabricated structures.	Maurizio Milan	Mirano
place of birth	Raja Rafe (Arabic: رجا رافع‎, born 1 May 1983 in Damascus, Syria) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Wahda, which competes in the Syrian Premier League and is a member of the Syria national football team.	Raja Rafe	Damascus
place of birth	Aleksander Jagiełło (born 2 February 1995 in Warsaw) is a Polish footballer who plays as a left winger for Dolcan Ząbki.	Aleksander Jagiełło	Warsaw
place of birth	Labor was born in the town of Hořovice in Bohemia to Josef Labor, an administrator of ironworks, and his wife Josefa Wallner, coming from a doctors-family.	Josef Labor	Hořovice
place of birth	Diego Scaglia (born Córdoba, 29 July 1967) is an Argentine-born Italian former rugby union player and a current coach.	Diego Scaglia	Córdoba
place of birth	Tseng Kwong Chi, known as Joseph Tseng prior to his professional career (Chinese: 曾廣智; c. 1950 -- March 10, 1990), was a Hong Kong-born American photographer who was active in the East Village art scene in the 1980s.	Tseng Kwong Chi	Hong Kong
place of birth	Rose Berryl (born 26 February 1982 in Mons) is a Belgian fantasy writer.	Rose Berryl	Mons
place of birth	Nuria Fernández Gómez, Nuria Fergó, (born Nerja, 18 April 1979) is a Spanish singer and actress.	Nuria Fergó	Nerja
place of birth	Matthias Simmen (born in Altdorf, Uri on February 3, 1972) is a retired Swiss biathlete.	Matthias Simmen	Altdorf
place of birth	She was born Anna Maria Massetani in Rome, but changed her name to Lea Massari when she was 22, after the death of her fiancé Leo.	Lea Massari	Rome
place of birth	Ömer Lütfi Argeşo or Ömer Lütfü Argeşo (1879; Constantinople (Istanbul) - December 16, 1942; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and of the Turkish Army.	Ömer Lütfi Argeşo	Istanbul
place of birth	Anton Schimser studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna and at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris.	Anton Schimser	Vienna
place of birth	Nuno Frederico Correia da Silva Lobato Markl (born 21 July 1971, Lisbon), known as Nuno Markl, is a Portuguese comedian, writer, radio host, television host, voice actor and screenwriter.	Nuno Markl	Lisbon
place of birth	Burnel Okana-Stazi (born July 10, 1983 in Gamboma) is a Congolese football player who is currently playing for Lane Xang Intra F.C..	Burnel Okana-Stazi	Gamboma
place of birth	Marcelo Kiremitdjian, nicknamed Marcelo Djian or just Marcelo, (born 6 November 1966 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian former footballer of Armenian descent.	Marcelo Djian	São Paulo
place of birth	A native of Cropani, a small town in Calabria, Italy, Clodoveo Ferri graduated Cum Laude from the University of Pisa and later specialized in internal medicine and rheumatology.	Clodoveo Ferri	Cropani
place of birth	Volkert Overlander (also Volcker and Volckert Overlander) (7 October 1570 -- 18 October 1630) was a Dutch noble, jurist, ship-owner, merchant and an Amsterdam regent from the Dutch Golden Age.	Volkert Overlander	Amsterdam
place of birth	Giachem Guidon (born September 4, 1961 in Bever) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1994.	Giachem Guidon	Bever
place of birth	Lin Lefeng (Chinese: 林乐丰; born October 16, 1955 in Liaoning) is a former Chinese international football player.	Lin Lefeng	Liaoning
place of birth	Carlos M. Rivera (born 1934) is the first Hispanic commissioner in the New York City Fire Department's 127-year history.	Carlos M. Rivera	New York City
place of birth	Gerhard Skiba (born 1947) of the Austrian Social Democratic Party was elected mayor of the city of Braunau am Inn in 1989.	Gerhard Skiba	Braunau am Inn
place of birth	Hella Kemper (born 2 February 1959 in Gummersbach) known by her stage name Hella von Sinnen (lit. Hella out of (her) mind, making pun of the aristocratic von) is a German entertainer.	Hella von Sinnen	Gummersbach
place of birth	Mário Sérgio Pontes de Paiva, more commonly known as Mário Sérgio (born September 7, 1950 in Rio de Janeiro), is a retired Brazilian footballer and manager.	Mário Sérgio Pontes de Paiva	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Antonio Pelle (San Luca, March 1, 1932 - November 4, 2009), also known as Ntoni Gambazza, la mamma or u Vanchelli, was a historically significant and some say charismatic 'Ndrangheta boss from San Luca in Calabria.	Antonio Pelle	San Luca
place of birth	Johann Gottfried Langermann (August 8, 1768 -- September 5, 1832) was a German psychiatrist and administrator born in Maxen, near Dresden.	Johann Gottfried Langermann	Maxen
place of birth	Clara Southmayd Ludlow was born on December 26, 1852 at Easton, Pennsylvania, the eldest child of Jacob Rapalje and Anna Mary (Hunt) Ludlow.	Clara Southmayd Ludlow	Easton
place of birth	Saira Mohan (born 1978 in Montreal, Canada) is a Canadian fashion model of Indian, Irish and French heritage.	Saira Mohan	Montreal
place of birth	Derek Clendening (born November 18, 1981 in Fort Erie, Ontario) is a Canadian writer who primarily focuses on horror fiction, related non-fiction and erotica.	Derek Clendening	Fort Erie
place of birth	Joseph VI Audo was born in Alqosh in 1790 and in 1814 he became a monk of the monastery of Rabban Hormizd.	Joseph VI Audo	Alqosh
place of birth	Benoît Georges de Najac (22 November 1748, Versailles - 26 November 1826, Paris) was a French nobleman, fleet commissioner, reformer and freemason.	Benoît Georges de Najac	Versailles
place of birth	Taylor Griffin was born on April 18, 1986, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, to Tommy, who is of Afro-Haitian descent, and to Gail Griffin, who is Caucasian.	Taylor Griffin	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Wolfgang Kauer was born in Linz, where he attended Adalbert-Stifter-Gymnasium until his graduation in 1975.	Wolfgang Kauer	Linz
place of birth	Julian Keith Levene (born 18 July 1957 in Wood Green, London) is an English songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Keith Levene	London
place of birth	Of Armenian descent, Shavarsh Krissian was born in the Beşiktaş district of Constantinople on July 22, 1886.	Shavarsh Krissian	Constantinople
place of birth	Umedzhon Sharipov (Tajik: Умедҷон Шарипов, Persian: امیدجان شریپف‎‎; born on 4 October 1991) is a Tajikistani footballer who last played for FC Istiklol, and the Tajikistan national football team.	Umedzhon Sharipov	Tajikistan
place of birth	Johann Paul Uhle (April 17, 1827 - November 4, 1861) was a German physician and pathologist born in Nossen, Saxony.	Johann Paul Uhle	Nossen
place of birth	César Caillet Álvarez is a Chilean actor (b. 1974 in Temuco), studied in the Instituto chileno-francés of the city of Temuco.	César Caillet	Temuco
place of birth	Kareem Ferguson (born in Belize), is an American actor on theater and in films and television.	Kareem Ferguson	Belize
place of birth	Dry was born in Launceston, Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania), the son of Richard Dry, an officer and pastoralist, and his wife Anne, née Maughan.	Richard Dry	Launceston
place of birth	William Joseph Mosconi (/mɒsˈkoʊni/; June 27, 1913 -- September 17, 1993), generally known as Willie Mosconi, was an American professional pool (pocket billiards) player from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Willie Mosconi	Philadelphia
place of birth	Elias Tahan (born September 11, 1986) is an American photographer currently located in Los Angeles.	Elias Tahan	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ben Jelen (born Benjamin Ivan Jelen, 8 July 1979, Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish-born American singer-songwriter who plays the piano, violin, and guitar.	Ben Jelen	Edinburgh
place of birth	Guilherme Weber born in 1975 in Curitiba, Paraná, is a Brazilian actor, author and director.	Guilherme Weber	Curitiba
place of birth	Pieter Nys (born 13 July 1989 in Hasselt) is a Belgian football player who plays as a defensive midfielder for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Pieter Nys	Hasselt
place of birth	Artur Balsam (February 8, 1906 in Warsaw, Poland -- September 1, 1994 in New York) was a Polish-born American classical pianist and pedagogue.	Artur Balsam	Warsaw
place of birth	Clement Eaton (23 February 1898 in Winston-Salem, NC -- 12 August 1980) was an American historian who specialized in the American South.	Clement Eaton	Winston-Salem
place of birth	Orhan Ölmez (born in Manavgat a town of Antalya on May 1, 1978) is a Turkish singer, composer, and songwriter.	Orhan Ölmez	Antalya
place of birth	Zhu Yunlai (Chinese: 朱雲來; pinyin: Zhū Yúnlái; born 1957; in Changsha, Hunan), also known as Levin Zhu, is a Chinese businessman.	Zhu Yunlai	Changsha
place of birth	Marco Pinotti (born 25 February 1976 in Osio Sotto, Lombardy) is an Italian former road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 1999 and 2013.	Marco Pinotti	Osio Sotto
place of birth	Yi Baidi (Chinese: 易白荻; born 10 October 1993 in Shenzhen) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.	Yi Baidi	Shenzhen
place of birth	Roberto Kreimerman (Montevideo, 1958) is a Uruguayan engineer and politician.	Roberto Kreimerman	Montevideo
place of birth	Hill was born Richard Ralston Hill in Cleveland, Ohio and raised in Oberlin, Ohio, where he graduated Oberlin High School in 1945.	Ralston Hill	Cleveland
place of birth	Casey Dunmore (born in Brooklyn, NY) is an American musician, composer, producer and recording artist.	Casey Dunmore	Brooklyn
place of birth	Christian Freeling (born 1 February 1947 in Enschede, the Netherlands) is a Dutch game designer and inventor of abstract strategy games, notably Grand Chess, Havannah, Hexdame and Dameo.	Christian Freeling	Enschede
place of birth	Born in Stockholm, capital of Sweden, Elia Ballardini started his career at A.C. Cesena.	Elia Ballardini	Stockholm
place of birth	Ayoub Skouma (born 22 March 1988 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan footballer who is currently attached to Difaâ El Jadidi.	Ayoub Skouma	Casablanca
place of birth	Arthur Stanley Pease was born in his grandfather's Somers, Connecticut parsonage.	Arthur Stanley Pease	Somers, Connecticut
place of birth	Maciej Zieliński - born in Warsaw on 29 March 1971, Polish composer.	Maciej Zieliński	Warsaw
place of birth	Ismar Schorsch (born November 3, 1935 in Hanover) is the son of Hanover Rabbi Emil Schorsch.	Ismar Schorsch	Hanover
place of birth	Ron Kuivila (born December 19, 1955) is an American sound artist from Boston, MA.	Ron Kuivila	Boston
place of birth	Jay Beyers was raised in the rural community of North Liberty, Indiana by his mother Mary Ellen Smith until he moved with his father Jeff Beyers when he became a teenager.	Jay Beyers	North Liberty, Indiana
place of birth	Born William Harry Marker Jr. on October 7, 1899 in Tipton, Indiana, he entered the film industry at the age of 17, as an editor on the 1918 silent film, Selfish Yates.	Harry Marker	Tipton
place of birth	John McCaa (born in Rantoul, Illinois) is a news anchor currently working for WFAA-TV in Dallas, Texas.	John McCaa	Rantoul
place of birth	Barbara Margaret Trimble (born February 21, 1921 in Holyhead, Anglesey, Wales -- d. 1995) was a British writer of over 20 crime, thriller and romance novels from 1967 to 1991, under the names of Margaret Blake, B. M. Gill and Barbara Gilmour.	Barbara Margaret Trimble	Holyhead
place of birth	Caroline Alexander (born 3 March 1968) is a cross country mountain biker and road cyclist born in Barrow in Furness, Lancashire.	Caroline Alexander	Barrow in Furness
place of birth	Ninos Gouriye (born 14 January 1991 in Hengelo) is a Dutch-Assyrian footballer who is now a free agent.	Ninos Gouriye	Hengelo
place of birth	William Stamps Farish III (born March 17, 1939 in Houston, Texas) is an American businessman and a former U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom (2001--2004).	William Stamps Farish III	Houston
place of birth	Troy Simmonds (born 13 July 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne, Fremantle and Richmond in the Australian Football League.	Troy Simmonds	Melbourne
place of birth	Daniel A. Bell (Chinese name: 贝淡宁; born May 1964, Montreal) is a prolific and controversial political theorist who has been teaching at Tsinghua University in Beijing since 2004.	Daniel A. Bell	Montreal
place of birth	Gilles Cioni (born 14 June 1984 in Bastia) is a French professional footballer, who plays for Ligue 1 side Bastia.	Gilles Cioni	Bastia
place of birth	Grove was born in Copiapó, Chile, the son of lawyer, José Marmaduke Grove Abalos and Ana Vallejo Burgoa.	Marmaduke Grove	Copiapó
place of birth	Jean-Édouard Vuillard, the son of a retired captain, spent his youth at Cuiseaux (Saône-et-Loire); in 1878 his family moved to Paris in modest circumstances.	Édouard Vuillard	Cuiseaux
place of birth	Sascha Weidner (1 August 1974 in Georgsmarienhütte - 9 April 2015 in Norden) was a German Photographer and Artist, who lived and worked in Belm and Berlin.	Sascha Weidner	Georgsmarienhütte
place of death	Antônio Francisco Braga was born in Rio de Janeiro, and studied with Luiz António de Moura and Carlos de Mesquita.	Antônio Francisco Braga	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Gertrud Bodenwieser (3 February 1890 in Vienna -- 10 November 1959 in Sydney), also known as ``Gertrude'', was a dancer, choreographer, dance teacher and pioneer of expressive dance.	Gertrud Bodenwieser	Sydney
position held	Archbishop John Njenga (born December 25, 1928) was Roman Catholic archbishop of Mombasa Diocese from 1990 to 2005.	John Njenga	archbishop
position held	Antonio Segni (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔnjo ˈseɲɲi); 2 February 1891 -- 1 December 1972) was an Italian politician who was the 34th Prime Minister of Italy (1955--1957, 1959--1960), and the fourth President of the Italian Republic from 1962 to 1964.	Antonio Segni	Prime Minister of Italy
position held	Martin Veillette (born 16 November 1936) is a Canadian bishop, theologian, philosopher, sociologist and teacher.	Martin Veillette	bishop
position held	Marino Faliero (1285 -- 17 April 1355) was the fifty-fifth Doge of Venice, appointed on 11 September 1354.	Marino Faliero	Doge of Venice
position held	Herbert Arlene (September 5, 1914 -- November 9, 1989) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, where he served from 1967 until 1980.	Herbert Arlene	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Lachhman Singh Gill was the 12th Chief Minister of Punjab.	Lachhman Singh Gill	Chief Minister of Punjab
position held	Walter H. Dalton (born May 21, 1949) is a North Carolina attorney who served as the 33rd Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina.	Walter H. Dalton	Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina
position held	Jim Mather (born 6 March 1947) is a Scottish politician, former Minister for Enterprise, Energy and Tourism and from 2003 to 2011 was an Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament.	Jim Mather	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Francis Xavier Gsell, OBE (30 June 1872 -- 12 July 1960) was an Australian Roman Catholic bishop and missionary, known as the ``Bishop with 150 wives''.	Francis Xavier Gsell	bishop
position held	Martin Elechi is the Former Governor of Ebonyi State in southeast Nigeria.	Martin Elechi	Governor of Ebonyi State
position held	Olivia Diaz (born 1978 in Las Vegas, Nevada), is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 7, 2011 representing District 11.	Olivia Diaz	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Dixie Bibb Graves (July 26, 1882 -- January 21, 1965) was a First Lady from the state of Alabama, and the first woman United States Senator from Alabama.	Dixie Bibb Graves	United States Senator
position held	Louis-Arsène Lavallée (2 February 1861 at Berthier-en-Haut, Province of Canada -- 19 November 1936 at Montreal) was a Mayor of Montreal, Canada.	Louis-Arsène Lavallée	Mayor of Montreal
position held	Guido Bentivoglio d'Aragona (4 October 1579 -- 7 September 1644) was an Italian cardinal, statesman and historian.	Guido Bentivoglio	cardinal
position held	Michael Sprinkle, (born in 1968 in San Francisco, California), is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 4, 2013 representing District 30.	Michael Sprinkle	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Alan D. Clemmons (born December 6, 1958) is a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, where he has served since 2002.	Alan D. Clemmons	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado (Spanish pronunciation: (miˈɣel delamaˈðɾið uɾˈtaðo); December 12, 1934 -- April 1, 2012) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who served as the 52nd President of Mexico from 1982 to 1988.	Miguel de la Madrid	President of Mexico
position held	Menkauhor Kaiu (also known as Ikauhor and in Greek as Mencherês) was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the Old Kingdom period.	Menkauhor Kaiu	pharaoh
position held	Tannhäuser, a prominent German Minnesänger and poet, was a contemporary of Pope Urban IV--the pope died in 1264, and the Minnesänger died shortly after 1265.	Pope Urban IV	pope
position held	Michael Del Bane (February 24, 1918 -- November 8, 1984) was a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives and chairman of the Public Utilities Commission.	Michael Del Bane	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Charles Helou (Arabic: شارل الحلو‎) (25 September 1913 -- 7 January 2001) was President of Lebanon from 1964 to 1970.	Charles Helou	President of Lebanon
position held	Ernest A. Heden (February 12, 1888 -- 1962), was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate.	Ernest A. Heden	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Ken Rocco is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, and a current member of the Cuyahoga County Court of Appeals.	Ken Rocco	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Alfred Brian Peckford, PC (born August 27, 1942) is a Canadian politician who served as the third Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador between March 26, 1979, and March 22, 1989.	Brian Peckford	Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador
position held	Desiderius of Vienne (died 607) was a martyred archbishop of Vienne and a chronicler.	Desiderius of Vienne	archbishop
position held	Ana Vilma de Escobar is a Salvadorean female politician who was Vice President of El Salvador from 1 June 2004 to 1 June 2009.	Ana Vilma de Escobar	Vice President of El Salvador
position held	Cantuar (from the Latin for ``Canterbury'') is a title that the Archbishop of Canterbury is legally permitted, in England, to use to sign his name as a substitute for the surname.	Cantuar	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Petros Protopapadakis (Greek: Πέτρος Πρωτοπαπαδάκης; 1854--1922) was a Greek politician and Prime Minister of Greece in 1922.	Petros Protopapadakis	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Steven Westra (born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota) is an American politician and a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 13 since January 11, 2013.	Steven Westra	member of the South Dakota House of Representatives
position held	Francesco Lorenzo Brancati di Lauria (10 April 1612, Lauria -- 30 November 1693, Rome) was an Italian cardinal and theologian.	Francesco Lorenzo Brancati di Lauria	cardinal
position held	Hailemariam Desalegn Boshe (Amharic: ኃይለማሪያም ደሳለኝ ቦሼ?; born 19 July 1965) is an Ethiopian politician who has served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia since 2012.	Hailemariam Desalegn	Prime Minister of Ethiopia
position held	Antonio Lanfranchi (17 May 1946 -- 17 February 2015) was a Roman Catholic archbishop.	Antonio Lanfranchi	archbishop
position held	Jean-François Hubert, (February 23, 1739 -- October 17, 1797), bishop of Quebec, trained at the Sulpician seminary in Montreal.	Jean-François Hubert	bishop
position held	Rosemary Mulligan (July 8, 1941 -- December 30, 2014) served as a Republican Party member of the Illinois House of Representatives for ten terms, representing the 65th District from 1993 until 2013.	Rosemary Mulligan	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Owen McCann (26 June 1907 -- 26 March 1994), was a South African cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and journalist.	Owen McCann	cardinal
position held	Étienne-Joseph Hurault (28 October 1873, Châlons-sur-Marne - 7 April 1934) was a French Roman Catholic bishop.	Étienne-Joseph Hurault	bishop
position held	In 2008, while still a member of the European Parliament, Marios Matsakis asked not to be sent ``offensive'' emails.	Marios Matsakis	member of the European Parliament
position held	Alaksandu or Alaksandus was a king of Wilusa who sealed a treaty with Hittite king Muwatalli II ca.	Alaksandu	king
position held	Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn KG KT KP PC GCB GCSI GCMG GCIE GCVO GBE VD TD ADC(P) (Arthur William Patrick Albert; 1 May 1850 -- 16 January 1942) was a member of the British Royal Family who served as the Governor General of Canada, the tenth since Canadian Confederation.	Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn	Governor General of Canada
position held	Ernest S. Brown (September 25, 1903 -- July 23, 1965) served briefly as a United States Senator from Nevada in 1954.	Ernest S. Brown	United States Senator
position held	Saint Pamphilus of Sulmona (Italian: Panfilo di Sulmona) (d. early 8th century) was bishop of Sulmona and a saint.	Pamphilus of Sulmona	bishop
position held	Emilio Aceval Marín was born in Asuncion on (October 16, 1853 -- April 15, 1931), was President of Paraguay November 25, 1898 --	Emilio Aceval	President of Paraguay
position held	Fuller Warren (October 3, 1905 -- September 23, 1973) was an American attorney and politician who served as the 30th Governor of Florida.	Fuller Warren	Governor of Florida
position held	John Bracken, PC (June 22, 1883 -- March 18, 1969) was an agronomist, the 11th Premier of Manitoba (1922--1943) and leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada (1942--1948).	John Bracken	Premier of Manitoba
position held	Seth Gordon Persons (February 5, 1902 -- May 29, 1965) was an American Democratic politician who was the 43rd Governor of Alabama from 1951 to 1955.	Gordon Persons	Governor of Alabama
position held	Donald L. Moffitt (born February 18, 1947) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 74th district since 1993.	Donald L. Moffitt	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Hassan Kazemi Qumi was the ambassador of Iran to Iraq.	Hassan Kazemi Qumi	ambassador
position held	Jean-Yves Leconte (born 31 October 1966 in Paris) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the constituency of French citizens living abroad.	Jean-Yves Leconte	member of the Senate of France
position held	Franz-Josef Hermann Bode (Paderborn, 16 February 1951) is bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Osnabrück, Germany, since 1995.	Franz-Josef Hermann Bode	bishop
position held	Billy Ray Skelton (born January 21, 1933), known as B. R. Skelton, is a former Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives.	B. R. Skelton	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Ivica Račan (pronounced (îʋit͡sa rât͡ʃan); 24 February 1944 -- 29 April 2007) was a Croatian politician who served as a Prime Minister of Croatia from 2000 to 2003, heading two centre-left coalition governments.	Ivica Račan	Prime Minister of Croatia
position held	Henry Conwell (c. 1745 -- 22 April 1842) was an Irish-born Catholic bishop in the United States.	Henry Conwell	bishop
position held	John Fredrik Reinfeldt (pronounced (ˈfreːdrɪk ˈrajn.ˈfɛlt); born 4 August 1965) is a Swedish economist, lecturer and former politician who was Prime Minister of Sweden from 2006 to 2014 and chairman of the liberal conservative Moderate Party from 2003 to 2015.	Fredrik Reinfeldt	Prime Minister of Sweden
position held	Antoine Nguyễn Văn Thiện (13 March 1906 -- 13 May 2012) was a Vietnamese Roman Catholic bishop and the oldest of the Catholic Church at 106 years of age.	Nguyễn Văn Thiện	bishop
position held	Néstor Guillén Olmos (January 28, 1890 -- March 12, 1966) was briefly President of Bolivia.	Néstor Guillén	President of Bolivia
position held	David Francis Hickey, S.J. (December 3, 1882 -- August 24, 1973) was an American-born bishop of the Catholic Church.	David Francis Hickey	bishop
position held	Terri Lynn Weaver (born September 19, 1957) also known simply as Terri Lynn is a resident of Lancaster, Tennessee and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 40th district, which is composed of DeKalb, Smith, and Macon counties.	Terri Lynn Weaver	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Larry Seaquist USN (Ret'd), BS (born July 6, 1938) was a Democratic member of the Washington House of Representatives, which is the lower house of the Washington State Legislature for the 26th District, from 2006 to 2015.	Larry Seaquist	member of the Washington House of Representatives
position held	Ludwig Anton von Pfalz-Neuburg (also sometimes called Ludwig Anton von Rhein zu Neuburg) (1660--1694) was the Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights from 1685 to 1694, and the Prince-Bishop of Worms from 1691 to 1694.	Ludwig Anton von Pfalz-Neuburg	Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights
position held	Leo Scheffczyk (Beuthen O.S., 21 February 1920 - Munich, 8 December 2005) was a German cardinal and theologian.	Leo Scheffczyk	cardinal
position held	Kashim Shettima (born 2 September 1966) is a Nigerian agricultural economist who was elected Governor of Borno State, Nigeria in the 26 April 2011 national elections, running on the All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP) platform.	Kashim Shettima	Governor of Borno State
position held	Peter Paludanus (Petrus de Palude) (c.1275--1342) was a French theologian and archbishop.	Peter Paludanus	archbishop
position held	Ferruccio Parri (Italian pronunciation: (ferˈruttʃo ˈparri); January 19, 1890 in Pinerolo -- December 8, 1981 in Rome) was an Italian partisan and politician who served as the 29th Prime Minister of Italy for several months in 1945.	Ferruccio Parri	Prime Minister of Italy
position held	In May 2007 Marta Vincenzi became mayor of Genoa with the Democratic Party.	Marta Vincenzi	mayor
position held	Francesco Carafa di Trajetto (29 April 1722, Naples - 20 September 1818, Rome) was an Italian cardinal.	Francesco Carafa di Trajetto	cardinal
position held	Arturs Alberings (8 January 1876, in Rūjiena, Valmiera district -- 26 April 1934, in Riga) held the office as Prime Minister of Latvia from 7 May 1926 to 18 December 1926.	Arturs Alberings	Prime Minister of Latvia
position held	Joseph M. Nixon, known as Joe Nixon (born September 15, 1956), is a lawyer in Houston, Texas, who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives.	Joe Nixon	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Guibert of Cors (French: Gilbert d'Escors/de Cors; died 1258) was a French knight and Baron of Mitopoli in the Principality of Achaea.	Guibert of Cors	knight
position held	Troy Findley (born July 11, 1964 in Lawrence, Kansas) was the 48th Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.	Troy Findley	Lieutenant Governor of Kansas
position held	Nikolaos Triantafyllakos (Greek: Νικόλαος Τριανταφυλλάκος) (8 November 1855, Tripoli - 16 September 1939) was a Prime Minister of Greece during a tumultuous time in Greek history in August/September 1922.	Nikolaos Triantafyllakos	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	John Potter, Jr. (May 10, 1821 -- January 29, 1879) was an American lawyer from Menasha, Wisconsin who was elected to two one-year terms as a Greenback Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Winnebago County but died in office on January 29, 1879.	John Potter, Jr.	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Jyotindra Nath Dixit (8 January 1936 -- 3 January 2005) was an Indian diplomat, who as served as Foreign Secretary (1991--1994), the top bureaucrat in the Ministry of External Affairs.	Jyotindra Nath Dixit	Foreign Secretary
position held	Frank LaGrotta (November 25, 1958) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 10th District from 1987 to 2006.	Frank LaGrotta	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Li Yuanchao (born 20 November 1950) is the Vice President of the People's Republic of China.	Li Yuanchao	Vice President of the People's Republic of China
position held	Pope John Paul I (Latin: Ioannes Paulus I; Italian: Giovanni Paolo I), born Albino Luciani (Italian pronunciation: (alˈbino luˈtʃani); 17 October 1912 -- 28 September 1978), served as pope from 26 August 1978 to his sudden death 33 days later.	Pope John Paul I	pope
position held	Tony Egginton (born 1951) was the first directly-elected Mayor of Mansfield in Nottinghamshire, England.	Tony Egginton	Mayor of Mansfield
position held	Heinrich Lützenkirchen (November 29, 1909 -- March 11, 1986) was a German politician (Christian Democratic Union of Germany) and mayor of Leverkusen from 1961 to 1964 and in 1979.	Heinrich Lützenkirchen	mayor
position held	George Norris Williams (1866-1949) was the acting Commissioner of Yukon from 1916 to 1918.	George Norris Williams	Commissioner of Yukon
position held	Henri Faraud, (17 June 1823 -- 26 September 1890), a bishop of the Roman Catholic Church, was the first Vicar Apostolic of Athabasca-Mackenzie in western Canada.	Henri Faraud	bishop
position held	Dimitrios Valvis (Δημήτριος Βάλβης; 1808 or 1814--30 November 1892) was a Greek politician and judge, who served briefly as Prime Minister of Greece in May 1886.	Dimitrios Valvis	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Peter Peacock (born 27 May 1952) is a former Labour regional list Member of the Scottish Parliament for Highlands and Islands between 1999 and 2011.	Peter Peacock	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Richard le Scrope (c. 1350 -- 8 June 1405), Bishop of Lichfield and Archbishop of York, was executed in 1405 for his participation in the Northern Rising against King Henry IV.	Richard le Scrope	Archbishop of York
position played on team / speciality	Karlo Primorac (born 1 June 1984 in Osijek) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward, currently with PKNS F.C. in the Malaysia Super League.	Karlo Primorac	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yussif Chibsah (born 30 December 1983) is a Ghanaian football midfielder, who is currently playing for Ljungskile SK in Sweden.	Yussif Chibsah	midfielder
present in work	Major Tom is a fictional astronaut referenced in David Bowie's songs ``Space Oddity'', ``Ashes to Ashes'', ``Hallo Spaceboy'' (particularly in the remix by the Pet Shop Boys) and ``Blackstar'' (in the music video and interpreted from the lyrics).	Major Tom	Space Oddity	Ashes to Ashes	Hallo Spaceboy
present in work	Fulgenius was a legendary king of the Britons, mentioned in Geoffrey of Monmouth' pseudohistorical Historia Regum Britanniae.	Fulgenius	Historia Regum Britanniae
publication date	Negro Colleges in War Time is a short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information in 1943.	Negro Colleges in War Time	1943
publication date	Auto Driver is a 1998 Telugu film, produced by D. Siva Prasad Reddy on Kamakshi Movies banner, directed by Suresh Krishna.	Auto Driver	1998
publication date	Ulagam Palavidham (Tamil: உலகம் பலவிதம்) is a 1955 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. A. Murugesh.	Ulagam Palavidham	1955
publication date	Virtual XI (pronounced: Virtual Eleven) is the eleventh studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 23 March 1998.	Virtual XI	23 March 1998
publication date	Onnanu Nammal (English :We are One)is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed by PG Vishwambharan.	Onnanu Nammal	1984
publication date	Kirathakudu (Telugu: కిరాతకుడు) is a 1986 Telugu Crime film, based on the novel write by Yandamuri Veerendranath.	Kirathakudu	1986
publication date	The Notorious Sophie Lang is a 1934 American crime drama film.	The Notorious Sophie Lang	1934
publication date	Mulberry Child is a 2011 documentary film that was written and directed by Susan Morgan Cooper, based on the book by the same name by Jian Ping.	Mulberry Child	2011
publication date	Ditsi Carolino received the Best Director award for the documentary film Bunso (The Youngest) at the OneWorld 2005 documentary films festival held in Prague, Czech Republic.	Bunso	2005
publication date	Techno Cop is a 1988 action video game for the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Apple II, Atari ST, Commodore 64, DOS and ZX Spectrum.	Techno Cop	1988
publication date	Nee Sneham (English: Your Friendship) is a 2002 film directed by Paruchuri Murali and produced by M S Raju.	Nee Sneham	2002
publication date	Furias desatadas (``Fury Unleashed'') is a 1957 Mexican film.	Furias desatadas	1957
publication date	Mystery of Chessboxing (international title Ninja Checkmate) is a kung fu film released in 1979 and directed by Joseph Kuo, starring Mark Long, Jack Long and Lee Yi Min.	Mystery of Chessboxing	1979
publication date	Mr. Bhatti on Chutti is a Hindi comedy film that was released on 18 May 2012.	Mr. Bhatti on Chutti	2012
publication date	Love Dot Com (Odia: ଲଭ୍ ଡଟ୍ କମ୍) is a 2009 Oriya film produced & directed by Raqhat Quddus.	Love Dot Com	2009
publication date	The Enchanted Square was a Noveltoon cartoon, produced by Famous Studios and released on May 9, 1947.	The Enchanted Square	1947
publication date	Abul Kasame is a 1968 Khmer film adapted from one of the many tales of 1001 Arabian Nights.	Abul Kasame	1968
publication date	Seoul Jesus (Hangul: 서울황제; RR: Seoul hwangjae; lit. ``Seoul Emperor'') is a 1986 South Korean film written and directed by Jang Sun-woo.	Seoul Jesus	1986
publication date	Hatred of a Minute is a 2002 thriller film directed by and starring Michael Kallio and produced by Bruce Campbell.	Hatred of a Minute	2002
publication date	Thousands Cheer is a 1943 American comedy musical film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Thousands Cheer	1943
publication date	The Work Habit is a 1913 short silent film, starring Lionel Barrymore in the early days of his film career in his second or fifth year of film (unknown if Barrymore's film appearance was in 1908 or 1911).	The Work Habit	1913
publication date	Madhanamala is a 1948 Tamil-language film starring Sriram, T.R. Rajani, P.B. Rangachari, Vidwan Srinivasan, P.S. Veerappan, R.N. Nambiar, S.R. Janaki, T.S. Jaya, V. Rajalakshmi and V. Kumar.	Madhanamala	1948
publication date	Coins in the Fountain is a television film which was released on September 28, 1990.	Coins in the Fountain	1990
publication date	Reheated is the eleventh album by Canned Heat, released in 1988.	Reheated	1988
publication date	Hamraaz (English: Confidant) is a 1967 Hindi musical and suspense thriller film produced and directed by B. R. Chopra.	Hamraaz	1967
publication date	Engal Swamy Ayyappan (English: Our god Ayyappan) is a 1990 Tamil devotional film directed by Dasarathan.	Engal Swamy Ayyappan	1990
publication date	Zaczarowany ołówek (Enchanted Pencil) is a Polish cartoon from 1964-1976 made by Se-ma-for.	Zaczarowany ołówek	1964
publication date	Nerves of Steel is a First-person shooter video game Developed by Rainmaker Software and BnB Software that was published by Merit Studios in 1995 for DOS Computers.	Nerves of Steel	1995
publication date	Bullies is a 1986 Canadian action-drama film about a feud between two families in a small town in a similar vein to the story of Romeo and Juliet.	Bullies	1986
publication date	Ek Gunah Aur Sahi is an Indian Hindi film which was released in 1980.	Ek Gunah Aur Sahi	1980
publication date	The Night of the Headless Horseman was a computer animated one-hour TV special that aired on Fox on October 28, 1999.	The Night of the Headless Horseman	1999
publication date	Played is a 2006 crime film produced by Caspar von Winterfeldt, Nick Simunek and Mick Rossi, executive produced by John Daly, co-produced by Nigel Mead and Lenny Bitondo, written by Sean Stanek and Mick Rossi and directed by Sean Stanek.	Played	2006
publication date	Detective Naani is an Indian Hindi language film released on 22 May 2009.	Detective Naani	2009
publication date	Becoming Traviata is a 2012 French documentary film chronicling rehearsals of the Verdi opera La traviata at the Aix-en-Provence Festival.	Becoming Traviata	2012
publication date	Bunny as a Reporter was released on June 3, 1913, in the United States, where it was presented as a split-reel with another Vitagraph comedy, Three to One.	Bunny as a Reporter	1913
publication date	Winter Stories (French: Histoires d'hiver) is a Canadian sports drama film, released in 1999.	Winter Stories	1999
publication date	The Sacred Mirror of Kofun is a 1996 puzzle video game/multimedia encyclopedia co-produced by Jean-Michel Cousteau with the cooperation of the National Center of Cinematography and the moving image and the French Ministry of Economy, Finances and Industry.	The Sacred Mirror of Kofun	1996
publication date	Operation Murder is a 1957 British crime film.	Operation Murder	1957
publication date	Cryptome is a 501(c)(3) private foundation created in 1996 by John Young and Deborah Natsios and sponsored by Natsios-Young Architects.	Cryptome	1996
publication date	Mrs. Brown's Boys D'Movie is a 2014 British and Irish comedy film based on the sitcom Mrs. Brown's Boys and is co-produced by That's Nice Films, Penalty Kick Films and BocFlix.	Mrs. Brown's Boys D'Movie	2014
publication date	Buddy and Towser is an American animated short film released on February 24, 1934, by Warner Bros..	Buddy and Towser	1934
publication date	Day on Fire is an American film which was produced by Lodestar Entertainment and filmed in New York City and Israel in 2006.	Day on Fire	2006
publication date	James Batman is a 1966 Filipino Batman/James Bond cinematic spoof crossover produced by Jose O. Vera and released by Sampaguita Pictures.	James Batman	1966
publication date	Chor Chor Super Chor is 2013 Hindi Comedy film directed by K. Rajesh and produced by Ved Kataria and Renu Kataria.	Chor Chor Super Chor	2013
publication date	Sunes familie is a Danish comedy, children's and family film opening on 10 October 1997.	Sunes familie	10 October 1997
publication date	Long Pigs is a 2007 ``Mocumentary'' horror/comedy about two documentary filmmakers who follow a serial killer who has a taste for cooking with human flesh.	Long Pigs	2007
publication date	Crying Wolf Exposing the Wolf Reintroduction to Yellowstone National Park is a 2011 independent documentary film by Jeffrey D. King, the founder of Broken Hints Media.	Crying Wolf	2011
publication date	She'll Be Sweet is a 1978 Australian TV movie about Captain Magee, a sailor whose boat is bought from under him by a millionaire tycoon.	She'll Be Sweet	1978
publication date	The Art of Woo is a 2001 Canadian romantic comedy.	The Art of Woo	2001
publication date	Speed to Spare is a 1948 American drama film directed by William Berke and written by Milton Raison.	Speed to Spare	1948
publication date	U raskoraku is a 1968 Yugoslavian drama film directed and written by Milenko Štrbac.	U raskoraku	1968
publication date	Killer Diller is a 2004 drama film with musical elements that had a limited release in 2006.	Killer Diller	2004
publication date	A Song of Kentucky is a 1929 American lost Pre-Code romantic drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation.	A Song of Kentucky	1929
publication date	Rajendrudu Gajendrudu is a 1993 Telugu comedy film starring Rajendra Prasad, Soundarya as the lead roles.	Rajendrudu Gajendrudu	1993
publication date	Real Women Have Curves (2002) is an American comedy-drama film that takes place in East Los Angeles.	Real Women Have Curves	2002
publication date	Munje! (Serbian Cyrillic: Муње; English: Dudes or Thunderbirds) is a 2001 film directed by Radivoje Andrić.	Munje!	2001
publication date	Castle of Deceit is a sidescrolling game for the NES released on 1990 by Bunch Games, where the player takes control of a wizard trapped in the titular castle with only one spell to defend himself.	Castle of Deceit	1990
publication date	The Bank Dick (released as The Bank Detective in the United Kingdom) is a 1940 comedy film.	The Bank Dick	1940
publication date	Una Croce senza nome is a 1952 Italian film directed by Tullio Covaz.	Una Croce senza nome	1952
publication date	Exsurge Domine (Latin for ``Arise O Lord'') is a papal bull promulgated on 15 June 1520 by Pope Leo X. It was written in response to the teachings of Martin Luther which opposed the views of the Church.	Exsurge Domine	15 June 1520
publication date	Murder in the Big House is a black-and-white American crime drama, released by Warner Bros in April 1942.	Murder in the Big House	1942
publication date	Os Trapalhões e o Mágico de Oróz is the 1984 entry in the Brazilian comedy film series Os Trapalhões.	Os Trapalhões e o Mágico de Oróz	1984
publication date	Clara et les Chics Types is a 1981 French comedy drama directed by Jacques Monnet.	Clara et les Chics Types	1981
publication date	Muzzy Comes Back (also known as Muzzy 2) is a sequel to the animated TV film Muzzy in Gondoland, created by the BBC in 1989 as a way of teaching English as a second language.	Muzzy Comes Back	1989
publication date	The Littlest Victims is a 1989 CBS produced bio-drama about Dr. James Oleske, the first U.S. physician to diagnose AIDS in children during the epidemic's early years when it was widely thought to be spread only though homosexual sex.	The Littlest Victims	1989
publication date	Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids is a computer-animated television special from Nelvana that premiered on Treehouse TV and Nick Jr. on March 31, 2003.	Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids	2003
publication date	Tender Comrade (1943) is a black-and-white film released by RKO Radio Pictures, showing women on the home front living communally while their husbands are away at war.	Tender Comrade	1943
publication date	Hart's War is a 2002 American thriller drama film about a World War II prisoner of war (POW) camp based on the novel by John Katzenbach.	Hart's War	2002
publication date	Ek Abla (English title - Sainted Devil) is 1928 Hindi language Black and White Silent movie directed by Bhagwati Prasad Mishra and starring Ermeline, Putli, Jilloo, Bhagwati Mishra, Yusuf, Ghori, Asooji and Rustom Irani.	Ek Abla	1928
publication date	Final Blow is a boxing arcade game created in 1988 by Taito.	Final Blow	1988
publication date	The Life of Na Woon-gyu (나운규 일생 Na Woon-Gyui ilsaeng) is 1967 South Korean film is about life and death of Na Woon-gyu who was film actor and director who struggled for rise of Korean cinema during Japanese rule of Korea.	The Life of Na Woon-gyu	1967
publication date	Busy Little Bears is a 1939 American short family film directed by John A. Haeseler.	Busy Little Bears	1939
publication date	The Schippan Mystery is a 1984 Australian TV movie about the murder of Bertha Schippan in 1902.	The Schippan Mystery	1984
publication date	Louis 19, King of the Airwaves (French: Louis 19, le roi des ondes) is a Canadian comedy film, released in 1994.	Louis 19, King of the Airwaves	1994
publication date	Ghashiram Kotwal is a Marathi play written by playwright Vijay Tendulkar in 1972 as a response to the rise of a local political party, Shiv Sena, in Maharashtra.	Ghashiram Kotwal	1972
publication date	Chandavalliya Thota (Kannada: ಚಂದವಳ್ಳಿಯ ತೋಟ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada language film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur, based on a novel of the same name written by T. R. Subba Rao.	Chandavalliya Thota	1964
publication date	Batang X is a 1995 Filipino film released under Regal Films.	Batang X	1995
publication date	Theresa's Lover (Hangul: 테레사의 연인; RR: Theresaui yeonin) is 1991 South Korean film by Park Chul-soo.	Theresa's Lover	1991
publication date	Missionaries in Darkest Africa is a 1912 American silent film produced by Kalem Company and distributed by General Film Company.	Missionaries in Darkest Africa	1912
publication date	Private Lies is a 2001 film directed by Sherry Hormann that was made for German television.	Private Lies	2001
publication date	Are Avaaj Konacha (Marathi: अरे आवाज कोणाचा) is a 2013 Marathi movie directed by Hemant Deodhar.	Are Avaaj Konacha	2013
publication date	L'amore difficile (internationally released as Of Wayward Love and as Sex Can Be Difficult) is a 1962 Italian comedy anthology film.	L'amore difficile	1962
publication date	Bhadaas is a 2013 Hindi thriller film directed and produced by Ajay Yadav.	Bhadaas	2013
publication date	Our Own (Russian: Свои, translit. Svoi) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Dmitri Meskhiyev.	Our Own	2004
publication date	Dhake Ki Malmal (Fine Silk) is a 1956 Hindi romantic musical comedy directed by J. K. Nanda and produced by Nanda Films banner.	Dhake Ki Malmal	1956
publication date	Onde (Waves) is a 2005 Italian romance film directed by Francesco Fei.	Onde	2005
publication date	Nizhale Nee Sakshi is a 1977 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Gopikumar and produced by Moideen, starring MG Soman, Vidhubala in lead roles.	Nizhale Nee Sakshi	1977
publication date	Kudumbam Oru Kadambam is a 1981 Tamil drama film about the role of money and working women in 1980s Indian middle-class society.	Kudumbam Oru Kadambam	1981
publication date	In the Spider's Web is a 2007 American made-for-television natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment and directed by Terry Winsor.	In the Spider's Web	2007
publication date	Bug Me Not! (traditional Chinese: 蟲不知; simplified Chinese: 虫不知; Cantonese Yale: Chung bat ji) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Law Chi-Leung.	Bug Me Not!	2005
publication date	Kohtalon kirja (The Book of Fate, though the website also uses The Booke of Fate) is a Finnish film released in 2003.	Kohtalon kirja	2003
publication date	Crying Fist (Hangul: 주먹이 운다; RR: Jumeoki Unda) is a 2005 South Korean film written and directed by Ryoo Seung-wan.	Crying Fist	2005
publication date	The Woman in the Dolphin (German: Die Frau im Delphin) is a 1920 silent German film directed by Artur Kiekebusch-Brenken and featuring Béla Lugosi.	The Woman in the Dolphin	1920
publication date	Southbound Train (Croatian: Vlakom prema jugu) is a 1981 Croatian comedy-drama film directed by Petar Krelja.	Southbound Train	1981
publication date	The Mafia Kills Only in Summer (Italian: La mafia uccide solo d'estate) is a 2013 Italian comedy-drama film.	The Mafia Kills Only in Summer	2013
publication date	``Touched by the Hand of God'' was a single released by New Order in December 1987.	Touched by the Hand of God	December 1987
publication date	Overdrawn at the Memory Bank is a 1983 made-for-television movie.	Overdrawn at the Memory Bank	1983
publication date	A Match Made in Heaven is a 1997 television film inspired by actual events.	A Match Made in Heaven	1997
publication date	A Free Soul is a 1931 American Pre-Code film which tells the story of an alcoholic defense attorney who must defend his daughter's ex-boyfriend on a charge of murdering the mobster she had started a relationship with; a mobster whom her father had previously got an acquittal for on a murder charge.	A Free Soul	1931
publication date	Dahek - A burning Passion is a 1999 Hindi Romance film directed by Lateef Binni.	Dahek	1999
publication date	Bangaarada Manushya (Kannada: ಬಂಗಾರದ ಮನುಷ್ಯ, English: Man of Gold) is a 1972 Indian Kannada language film based on T. K. Rama Rao's novel.	Bangaarada Manushya	1972
publication date	Scent of Mystery is a 1960 mystery film that featured the one and only use of Smell-O-Vision, a system that timed odors to points in the film's plot.	Scent of Mystery	1960
publication date	Presence of Mind is a 1999 drama film directed by Antoni Aloy.	Presence of Mind	1999
publication date	Alltynex is a Vertically Scrolling Shooter released for the FM Towns in 1997 and was developed by Satoshi Yoshida, who later formed Siter Skain.	Alltynex	1997
publication date	The Unknown Terror is a 1957 American science fiction/horror film.	The Unknown Terror	1957
publication date	Objective, Burma! is a 1945 war film which was loosely based on the six-month raid by Merrill's Marauders in the Burma Campaign during the Second World War.	Objective, Burma!	1945
publication date	Dilber's Eight Days (Turkish: Diber'in Sekiz Günü) is a 2008 Turkish drama film, written and directed by Cemal Şan, starring Nesrin Cevadzade as a young village woman who leaves with a stranger after being spurned by her lover.	Dilber's Eight Days	2008
publication date	Angachamayam is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Rajaji Babu and produced by Babu Jose.	Angachamayam	1982
publication date	Children of the Living Dead is a 2001 American direct-to-video zombie film written by Karen L. Wolf, directed by Tor Ramsey, and executive produced by John A. Russo.	Children of the Living Dead	2001
publication date	Honey, I Blew Up the Kid is a 1992 American comic science fiction film and the sequel to the 1989 film Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.	Honey, I Blew Up the Kid	1992
publication date	The Player of Games is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks, first published in 1988.	The Player of Games	1988
publication date	In 2002, the product was further developed, which resulted in the first versions of the VBS1 After Action Review (AAR) and Observer being developed.	VBS1	2002
publication date	Gallery of Fear (2013) is a four-part horror anthology, directed by Alan Rowe Kelly and Anthony G. Summer.	Gallery of Fear	2013
publication date	Dancing Darkies is an 1896 American, short, black-and-white, silent documentary film shot by William K.L. Dickson.	Dancing Darkies	1896
publication date	My House in Umbria is a 2003 HBO made-for-television movie, based on the novella of the same name by William Trevor and published along with another novella in the volume Two Lives.	My House in Umbria	2003
publication date	In Our Water is a 1982 American documentary film directed by Meg Switzgable, about a family in South Brunswick, New Jersey who discover their drinking water is contaminated by a nearby landfill.	In Our Water	1982
publication date	Monster on the Campus (Monster in the Night and Stranger on the Campus) is a 1958 American science fiction/horror film, released by Universal-International.	Monster on the Campus	1958
publication date	Joy Ride 3 (also known as Roadkill 3) is a 2014 American thriller horror film.	Joy Ride 3	2014
publication date	Dark at Noon (French: L'Œil qui ment) is a 1993 Chilean-French comedy film directed by Raúl Ruiz.It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.	Dark at Noon	1993
publication date	``Fuck Me, Ray Bradbury'' is a 2010 Internet music video nominated for a 2011 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form.	Fuck Me, Ray Bradbury	2010
publication date	Creature from Black Lake is a 1976 American horror film.	Creature from Black Lake	1976
publication date	Nippulanti Manishi (Telugu: నిప్పులాంటి మనిషి, English: Fire like man) is a 1974 Telugu Drama film directed by S. D. Lal and produced by Y. V. Rao.	Nippulanti Manishi	1974
publication date	Pure Heroine is the debut studio album by New Zealand singer Lorde, released on 27 September 2013 by Universal Music Group.	Pure Heroine	27 September 2013
publication date	Funny Bones is a 1995 British-American comedy-drama film from Hollywood Pictures.	Funny Bones	1995
publication date	X-Ray of a Lie (Spanish: Radiografía de una mentira) is a 2004 documentary film examining another film, The Revolution Will Not Be Televised about the events of the 2002 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt.	X-Ray of a Lie	2004
publication date	Memoirs of a French Whore (French: La Dérobade) is a French film released in 1979.	Memoirs of a French Whore	1979
publication date	Fighting Fear is a 2011 Australian documentary film about professional surfing.	Fighting Fear	2011
publication date	Alien Trespass is a 2009 science-fiction comedy film based on 1950s sci-fi B movies, directed by R.W. Goodwin.	Alien Trespass	2009
publication date	His Big White Self is a 2006 documentary film made by Nick Broomfield.	His Big White Self	2006
publication date	Tales of Kish (Persian: Ghessé hayé kish‎, and also known as Kish Tales) is a 1999 Iranian drama anthology film.	Tales of Kish	1999
publication date	On the Top of the Cherry Tree (Bulgarian: Горе на черешата / Gore na chereshata) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1984, directed by Mariana Evstatieva --	On the Top of the Cherry Tree	1984
publication date	VHS Kahloucha is a Tunisian 2006 documentary film.	VHS Kahloucha	2006
publication date	Miracle Landing (aka Panic in the Open Sky) is a 1990 television film based on an in-flight accident aboard Aloha Airlines Flight 243 that occurred in April 1988.	Miracle Landing	1990
publication date	Premotsava (Kannada: ಪ್ರೇಮೋತ್ಸವ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed and written by Dinesh Babu.	Premotsava	1999
publication date	Crazy Cukkad Family is a 2015 bollywood, comedy film directed by Ritesh Menon and produced by Prakash Jha.	Crazy Cukkad Family	2015
publication date	Murcheson Creek is a 1976 Australian TV film about a young Sydney doctor who returns to his home town and discovers his father is dead.	Murcheson Creek	1976
publication date	The Lazarus Project (formerly known as The Heaven Project) is a 2008 American drama/thriller film directed and written by John Patrick Glenn.	The Lazarus Project	2008
publication date	Chess-Nuts is a 1932 Fleischer Studios animated short films starring Betty Boop, and featuring Bimbo and Koko the Clown.	Chess-Nuts	1932
publication date	Dunked in the Deep was filmed between March 29-April 1, 1949 and was actually the 126th Stooge short filmed even though it was released as the 119th.	Dunked in the Deep	1949
publication date	We, the Women (also known as Of Life and Love and in Italian: Siamo donne) is a 1953 Italian pormanteau film divided into five segments and directed by five different directors.	We, the Women	1953
publication date	Sirphire is a 2012 Punjabi film directed by Harjit Ricky.	Sirphire	2012
publication date	Flagermusen is a 1966 Danish film directed by Annelise Meineche and starring Annette Blichmann.	Flagermusen	1966
publication date	Rock Slyde is a 2009 comedy film written and directed by Chris Dowling, and produced by Will Wallace, Josh Young, and Milan Chakraborty.	Rock Slyde	2009
publication date	Cinerama Adventure is a 2002 documentary about the history of the Cinerama widescreen film process.	Cinerama Adventure	2002
publication date	A Stranger (Croatian: Obrana i zaštita) is a 2013 Croatian drama film directed by Bobo Jelčić.	A Stranger	2013
publication date	Death in Gaza is a 2004 documentary film about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, opening in the West Bank but then moving to Gaza and eventually settling in Rafah where the film spends most of its time.	Death in Gaza	2004
publication date	Paglu (English: Mad) is a 2011 Tollywood romantic comedy film.	Paglu	2011
publication date	Space Empires V (SEV) is a 4X turn based strategy game that was released in 2006.	Space Empires V	2006
publication date	Mamalakalkkappurathu is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Ali Akbar.	Mamalakalkkappurathu	1988
publication date	The Path of Torment is a horror feature film that featured at the Action On Film International Film Festival in Pasadena, California, United States in 2009.	The Path of Torment	2009
publication date	The Lost Treasure of the Grand Canyon is a 2008 adventure sci-fi movie set in the Grand Canyon.	The Lost Treasure of the Grand Canyon	2008
publication date	Red Angel (Japanese title: 赤い天使, ``Akai Tenshi'') is a 1966 Japanese film directed by Yasuzo Masumura.	Red Angel	1966
publication date	Where Flamingos Fly is an album by jazz composer, arranger, conductor and pianist Gil Evans, originally recorded in 1971 for Capitol Records but not released until 1981, and performed by Evans with an orchestra featuring Billy Harper, Howard Johnson, Johnny Coles, and Don Preston.	Where Flamingos Fly	1981
publication date	Captain Eager and the Mark of Voth (2008) is a science-fiction/comedy film directed by Simon DaVision, starring James Vaughan, Tamsin Greig, Mark Heap and Richard Leaf.	Captain Eager and the Mark of Voth	2008
publication date	From Bedrooms to Billions is a 2014 documentary film by British filmmakers Anthony and Nicola Caulfield that tells the story of the British video games industry from 1979 to the present day.	From Bedrooms to Billions	2014
publication date	Delinquent Daughters, or Accent on Crime is a 1944 exploitation film.	Delinquent Daughters	1944
publication date	Life After Sex is a 1992 film directed by Serge Rodnunsky by Rojak Films.	Life After Sex	1992
publication date	The One Lamb is a 2009 American Christian film directed by Bryan Forrest, set to be released on March 30, 2009.	The One Lamb	2009
publication date	Plaster Caster is a 2001 documentary about Cynthia Plaster Caster, the legendary groupie who became famous for making plaster casts of rock stars' penises, including Jimi Hendrix's.	Plaster Caster	2001
publication date	The Return of 'Allo 'Allo! was broadcast live on BBC1 on 28 April 2007 at 9pm.	The Return of 'Allo 'Allo!	28 April 2007
publication date	Opapatika (Thai: โอปปาติก เกิดอมตะ) is a 2007 Thai fantasy-action film.	Opapatika	2007
publication date	Oženiše me muzikom (trans. They Married Me to Music) is a 3-piece compilation album from the Serbian rock band Galija, released in 2009.	Oženiše me muzikom	2009
publication date	A Plumm Summer is a 2007 adventure-family film directed by Caroline Zelder.	A Plumm Summer	2007
publication date	Bram Stoker's Dracula's Guest (also known as just Dracula's Guest) is a 2008 film that was written and directed by Michael Feifer.	Bram Stoker's Dracula's Guest	2008
publication date	Kallu Karthyayani is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film directed by PK Joseph, starring Jayan and Prameela in lead roles.	Kallu Karthyayani	1979
publication date	Haji Backpacker is a 2014 Indonesian film directed by Danial Rifki and released on October 2, 2014.	Haji Backpacker	2014
publication date	Hollywood Shuffle is a 1987 satirical comedy film about the racial stereotypes of African Americans in film and television.	Hollywood Shuffle	1987
publication date	George Lopez Why You Crying? is a 2004 stand up comedy film starring George Lopez.	George Lopez Why You Crying?	2004
publication date	Prince Planet was originally produced in Japan by TCJ (Television Corporation of Japan) for Dentsu advertising in conjunction with K. Fujita Associates and aired on the Fuji Television network in 1965.	Prince Planet	1965
publication date	Kiloblaster is a space shooter video game trilogy written by Allen Pilgrim and published by Epic MegaGames in 1992.	Kiloblaster	1992
publication date	Birthplace Unknown is a 1988 Dutch documentary film by director Karin Junger, featuring two South-Korean girls who were adopted by a Dutch family.	Birthplace Unknown	1988
publication date	Kurosawa's Way (French: Kurosawa, la voie) is a 2011 French documentary directed and written by Catherine Cadou.	Kurosawa's Way	2011
publication date	Chicken and Duck Talk (Chinese: 雞同鴨講; Jyutping: gai1 tung4 aap3 gong2; literally: ``Chicken with Duck Talk'') is an award-winning 1988 film co-written by Michael Hui, who also starred.	Chicken and Duck Talk	1988
publication date	King Gimp is a 1999 documentary that was awarded the 2000 Academy Award for Best Short Subject Documentary and 2000 Peabody Award.	King Gimp	1999
publication date	Infinite Sorrow (Russian: Скорбь бесконечная) is a 1922 Soviet/Russian film directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev about Russian famine of 1921.	Infinite Sorrow	1922
publication date	Un Animale utile is a 1951 Italian film written by Attilio Bertolucci and Giulio Bollati, and directed by Antonio Marchi.	Un Animale utile	1951
publication date	Roses Bloom Twice is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a woman's attempts to begin life again.	Roses Bloom Twice	1978
publication date	Lily C.A.T. is a science fiction/horror anime film released in 1987.	Lily C.A.T.	1987
publication date	Me and the Big Guy is a 1999 short film that parodies Nineteen Eighty-Four by way of lampooning the fact that Big Brother is watching everyone, even those he'd rather not.	Me and the Big Guy	1999
publication date	Universalove is a 2008 Austrian romantic tragedy film directed by Thomas Woschitz.	Universalove	2008
publication date	Kick-Heart is a 2013 Japanese anime short film that uses surreal animation and storytelling to tell a love story between a professional wrestler and a nun.	Kick-Heart	2013
publication date	Super Rhino is a 2009 Walt Disney computer animated direct-to video, comedy short film, starring the characters from feature film Bolt.	Super Rhino	2009
publication date	The Rosa Parks Story is a 2002 American television movie written by Paris Qualles and directed by Julie Dash.	The Rosa Parks Story	2002
publication date	We Shall See is a 1964 British drama film directed by Quentin Lawrence and starring Maurice Kaufmann, Faith Brook and Alec Mango.	We Shall See	1964
publication date	Loving Leah is a television film that aired on CBS as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie on January 25, 2009.	Loving Leah	2009
publication date	Bhoothnath Returns (The Lord of Ghosts Returns) is a 2014 Indian supernatural comedy film directed by Nitesh Tiwari and produced by Bhushan Kumar.	Bhoothnath Returns	2014
publication date	I Smile Back is a 2015 American drama film directed by Adam Salky and based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Amy Koppelman, who wrote the screenplay with Paige Dylan.	I Smile Back	2015
publication date	The Cocoanuts (1929) is the Marx Brothers' first feature-length film.	The Cocoanuts	1929
publication date	Sorry Enaku Kalyanamayidichu is a 2005 Indian Tamil film directed by Sagar.	Sorry Enaku Kalyanamayidichu	2005
publication date	Maïna is a Canadian drama film, released in 2013.	Maïna	2013
publication date	17 Girls (French: 17 filles) is a 2011 French film about 17 teenage girls who make a pregnancy pact.	17 Girls	2011
publication date	Hotel Angel (Thai: เทพธิดาโรงแรม, or Theptida rong ram, also known as Angel) is a 1974 Thai drama film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol, about a young woman (Viyada Umarin) who becomes involved in the sex trade in Bangkok.	Hotel Angel	1974
publication date	Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore is a 1983 Disney Winnie the Pooh animated featurette, based on two chapters from the books Winnie-the-Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner, originally released theatrically on March 25, 1983, with the 1983 re-issue of The Sword in the Stone.	Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore	1983
publication date	Jungle Master (Chinese: 绿林大冒险) is a 2013 Chinese computer-animated film directed by Kerr Xu.	Jungle Master	2013
publication date	The Invisible Man Returns is a 1940 American horror science fiction film from Universal.	The Invisible Man Returns	1940
publication date	Lindsay's Boy is a 1974 Australian film about a soldier who returns from World War Two.	Lindsay's Boy	1974
publication date	Pray for Japan is a 2012 Japanese documentary film about the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.	Pray for Japan	2012
publication date	Apple Cider Spider is a platform game written for the Apple II by Ivan Strand and published by Sierra On-Line in 1983.	Apple Cider Spider	1983
publication date	The Thorn is a comic, religious satire movie released on May 24, 1974, as The Divine Mr. J. It was first shown as The Greatest Story Overtold at the Detroit Institute of Art in 1971.	The Thorn	1974
publication date	Youth in Crisis is a 1943 American short documentary film produced by Louis De Rochemont as part of The March of Time series.	Youth in Crisis	1943
publication date	Chandhamama is a 2013 Tamil film written and directed by Radhakrishnan.	Chandhamama	2013
publication date	Starve Your Dog is a 2015 Moroccan drama film directed by Hicham Lasri.	Starve Your Dog	2015
publication date	Baseball Bugs is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon short released on February 2, 1946, starring Bugs Bunny.	Baseball Bugs	1946
publication date	Opie Gets Laid is a 2005 American independent romantic comedy film originally titled Sunnyvale for its film festival submissions.	Opie Gets Laid	2005
publication date	Anandabhadram (Malayalam: അനന്തഭദ്രം) is a 2005 Malayalam fantasy-thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Sunil Parameswaran.	Anandabhadram	2005
publication date	I'd Climb the Highest Mountain is a 1951 Technicolor religious drama film made by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.	I'd Climb the Highest Mountain	1951
publication date	Mami Sami (English: Blurred Shadow) is a 2008 Manipuri film directed by Ningthouja Lancha, produced by Hemam Pamhei and presented by Mamikon.	Mami Sami	2008
publication date	Sarah and Son is a 1930 Pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of a woman who searches for the son that her abusive husband sold to a wealthy family.	Sarah and Son	1930
publication date	Himmelsheim is a 1989 German comedy film directed by Manfred Stelzer and starring Elke Sommer, Sigi Zimmerschied and Hanns Zischler.	Himmelsheim	1989
publication date	Bride of Re-Animator was nominated for two awards by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films in 1991.	Bride of Re-Animator	1991
publication date	Deadly Intruder (aka The Deadly Intruder) is a 1985 horror film.	Deadly Intruder	1985
publication date	Tumaku Paruni Ta Bhuli (Odia: ତୁମକୁ ପାରୁନି ତ ଭୁଲି) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Chakradhara Sahu.	Tumaku Paruni Ta Bhuli	2007
publisher	Hate That Cat is a verse novel written by Sharon Creech and published by HarperCollins.	Hate That Cat	HarperCollins
publisher	Grand Prix Challenge is a Formula One video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Australian developer Melbourne House and published by Atari.	Grand Prix Challenge	Atari
publisher	Current Topics in Medicinal Chemistry is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers.	Current Topics in Medicinal Chemistry	Bentham Science Publishers
publisher	EA Playground is a video game for the Nintendo DS and Wii by Electronic Arts.	EA Playground	Electronic Arts
publisher	The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 12 November 1962 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in September 1963 under the shorter title of The Mirror Crack'd and with a copyright date of 1962.	The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side	Collins Crime Club
publisher	It was published as A History of Pi in 1976 by St. Martin's Press.	A History of Pi	St. Martin's Press
publisher	Historical Reflections (fr: Réflexions Historiques) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of history published by Berghahn Books.	Historical Reflections	Berghahn Books
publisher	Simon the Sorcerer 3D (also known as Simon 3D), is an adventure game released by Adventure Soft on 13 April 2002 for Microsoft Windows.	Simon the Sorcerer 3D	Adventure Soft
publisher	The Elegance of the Hedgehog was first published in August 2006 under the title L'élégance du hérisson by the leading French publisher Éditions Gallimard.	The Elegance of the Hedgehog	Éditions Gallimard
publisher	The Journal of Business & Securities Law is a student-edited law journal covering the areas of business and securities law and is an official journal of the Michigan State University College of Law.	Journal of Business & Securities Law	Michigan State University College of Law
publisher	The Harvard Theological Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1908 and published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Harvard Divinity School.	Harvard Theological Review	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Jenga World Tour is a video game published by Atari, which is based on the popular Jenga game.	Jenga World Tour	Atari
publisher	The Village by the Sea: an Indian family story is a novel for young people by the Indian writer Anita Desai, published in London by Heinemann in 1982.	The Village by the Sea	Heinemann
publisher	The Missing Ring is a 1982 computer game for the Apple II family of computers, published by Datamost.	The Missing Ring	Datamost
publisher	Leonardo Music Journal is an annual multimedia peer-reviewed academic journal (print and audio CD) published by the MIT Press on behalf of the International Society for the Arts, Sciences and Technology.	Leonardo Music Journal	MIT Press
publisher	The first book publication of the two stories brought them together in one volume as The Oakdale Affair and The Rider, issued by Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc. in February 1937; the book was reprinted by Grosset & Dunlap in 1937, 1938 and 1940.	The Oakdale Affair and The Rider	Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc.
publisher	Realm of Impossibility is a computer game created by Mike Edwards and published by Electronic Arts in 1984 for the Apple IIe, Atari 8-bit family and Commodore 64 computer systems.	Realm of Impossibility	Electronic Arts
publisher	African Political Systems is an academic anthology edited by the anthropologists Meyer Fortes and E. E. Evans-Pritchard which was published by Oxford University Press on the behalf of the International African Institute in 1940.	African Political Systems	Oxford University Press
publisher	The Cornell International Affairs Review (CIAR) is a biannual peer-reviewed student-run academic journal published by Cornell University.	Cornell International Affairs Review	Cornell University
publisher	Primitive Wars is a real time strategy computer game developed by Wizard Soft and published by Arxel Tribe.	Primitive Wars	Arxel Tribe
publisher	The Journal of African Economies is published five times a year by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Centre for the Study of African Economies, University of Oxford.	Journal of African Economies	Oxford University Press
publisher	The Summer Birds is a children's novel by British writer Penelope Farmer, published in 1962 by Chatto & Windus, and receiving a Carnegie Medal commendation.	The Summer Birds	Chatto & Windus
publisher	Season of Migration to the North (Arabic: موسم الهجرة إلى الشمال‎ Mawsim al-Hiǧra ilā ash-Shamāl) is a classic post-colonial Sudanese novel by the novelist Tayeb Salih.	Season of Migration to the North	Tayeb Salih
publisher	Pokémon Conquest, known in Japan as Pokémon + Nobunaga's Ambition (ポケモン＋ノブナガの野望 Pokemon Purasu Nobunaga no Yabō), is a role-playing strategy video game developed by Tecmo Koei and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. The game is a crossover between the Pokémon and Nobunaga's Ambition video game series.	Pokémon Conquest	Nintendo
publisher	PC2 Top Ballista was written by Carl Sargent and published by TSR in 1989.	Top Ballista	TSR
publisher	The New Market Wizards is a book by Jack D. Schwager published on January 26, 1992 by HarperCollins.	The New Market Wizards	HarperCollins
publisher	F-Zero X is a futuristic racing video game for the Nintendo 64 (N64) console.	F-Zero X	Nintendo
publisher	DMGR2 The Castle Guide was written by Grant Boucher, Troy Christensen, Arthur Collins, and Nigel Findley, with Timothy B. Brown and William W. Connors, and was published by TSR in 1990 as a 128-page book.	The Castle Guide	TSR
publisher	F1 Race Stars is a video game developed by Codemasters, released in November 2012.	F1 Race Stars	Codemasters
publisher	This delay is because the data is compiled and verified by local NWS offices and sent to the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) which does further refinements and publishes Storm Data in reports covering the entire country.	Storm Data	National Climatic Data Center
publisher	Although other volumes follow this one, ``The Thirteenth Pearl'' is the end of the original 56-book series published by Grosset & Dunlap.	The Thirteenth Pearl	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	The Journal of Biology was a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by BioMed Central.	Journal of Biology	BioMed Central
publisher	Notes and Records: the Royal Society Journal of the History of Science is an international, quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal which publishes original research in the history of science, technology, and medicine.	Notes and Records	Royal Society
publisher	Etyka (Polish for ``ethics'') is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering moral philosophy, published by the Institute of Philosophy (University of Warsaw).	Etyka	Institute of Philosophy (University of Warsaw
publisher	The Sense of an Ending is published by Random House (as a Jonathan Cape publication) in the United Kingdom.	The Sense of an Ending	Jonathan Cape
publisher	Wipeout 64 is a 1998 futuristic racing game developed by Psygnosis and published by Midway Games exclusively for the Nintendo 64.	Wipeout 64	Midway Games
publisher	Media Piracy in Emerging Economies is a report released by the Social Science Research Council in 2011.	Media Piracy in Emerging Economies	Social Science Research Council
publisher	Lost Saga officially launched its North American service on November 17, 2009, through publisher OGPlanet, with Z8Games becoming the current host on December 18, 2013.	Lost Saga	Z8Games
publisher	X-Change 2 is a Japanese erotic game produced by Crowd and distributed in English by Peach Princess.	X-Change 2	Peach Princess
publisher	Chameleon Twist 2 (カメレオンツイスト2 Kamereon Tsuisuto 2) is a video game developed by Japan System Supply and published by Sunsoft for the Nintendo 64 released in 1998.	Chameleon Twist 2	Sunsoft
publisher	Hearts Aflame is novel by Johanna Lindsey, originally published in June 1987 by Avon Books.	Hearts Aflame	Avon
publisher	The book was released on March 27, 2012 through Farrar, Straus and Giroux and is set in the fictional town of Hemlock Grove, Pennsylvania.	Hemlock Grove	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
publisher	The Nova Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Nova L. Rev.) is a tri-annual law review published by Nova Southeastern University's Shepard Broad Law Center.	Nova Law Review	Shepard Broad Law Center
publisher	Indoor Sports is a computer game developed by DesignStar's SportTime and first published in the US by Mindscape in 1987 for the Commodore 64.	Indoor Sports	Mindscape
publisher	Edinburgh Law Review is a triannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in January, May, and September of each year.	Edinburgh Law Review	Edinburgh University Press
series	``Bob Day Afternoon'' is the second episode of the second season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 15th episode, and is written by Dan Fybel and Rich Rinaldi and directed by Wes Archer.	Bob Day Afternoon	Bob's Burgers
series	Time-Flight is the seventh and final serial of the 19th season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four twice-weekly parts from 22 March to 30 March 1982.	Time-Flight	Doctor Who
series	``The Middle Men'' is the sixth episode of the fourth series of British science fiction television series Torchwood, and was broadcast in the United States on Starz on 12 August 2011.	The Middle Men	Torchwood
series	The Honda CR-X, originally launched as the Honda Ballade Sports CR-X in Japan, is a front-wheel-drive sport compact car manufactured by Honda between 1983 and 1991.	Honda CR-X	compact car
series	``Bart vs. Australia'' is the sixteenth episode of the sixth season of The Simpsons.	Bart vs. Australia	The Simpsons
series	The Stone Dogs (1990) by S. M. Stirling is the third book in the alternate history series, The Domination.	The Stone Dogs	The Domination
series	Women shall not Weep is the fourth episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.	Women shall not Weep	Upstairs, Downstairs
series	``Wet Hot Demonic Summer'' is the second season premiere of the American animated television series Ugly Americans, and the fifteenth overall episode of the series.	Wet Hot Demonic Summer	Ugly Americans
series	Varaha is listed as third in the Dashavatara, the ten principal avatars of Vishnu.	Varaha	Dashavatara
series	``Doublemeat Palace'' is the 12th episode of season 6 of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Doublemeat Palace	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	The Citroën Traction Avant (French pronunciation: ​(tʁaksjɔ̃ aˈvɑ̃)) is an executive car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën from 1934 to 1957.	Citroën Traction Avant	executive car
series	Mutants of the Yucatan is the fourth supplement for the After the Bomb role-playing game, originally based on and compatible with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness.	Mutants of the Yucatan	After the Bomb
series	The Grantville Gazette (Grantville Gazette I or more recently yet, Grantville Gazette, Volume 1) is the first of a series of professionally selected and edited paid fan fiction anthologies set within the 1632 series inspired by Eric Flint's novel 1632.	The Grantville Gazette	1632 series
series	``A Flight to Remember'' is episode ten in the first production season of Futurama.	A Flight to Remember	Futurama
series	Lost Light is the ninth novel in Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch series.	Lost Light	Harry Bosch
series	Divine Misdemeanors (December 8, 2009) is the eighth novel in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.	Divine Misdemeanors	Merry Gentry
series	Conan the Warrior is a 1967 collection of three fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan the Warrior	Conan the Barbarian
series	Rhapsody in Rivets is a 1941 Merrie Melodies cartoon directed in by Friz Freleng, and produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons.	Rhapsody in Rivets	Merrie Melodies
series	``The Beta Test Initiation'' is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.	The Beta Test Initiation	The Big Bang Theory
series	``Kennedy and Heidi'' is the eighty-third episode of the HBO television series The Sopranos.	Kennedy and Heidi	The Sopranos
series	``Slap Bet'' is the ninth episode in season 2 of the popular sitcom How I Met Your Mother.	Slap Bet	How I Met Your Mother
series	The Name of the Wind (The Kingkiller Chronicle: Day One) is a fantasy novel by Patrick Rothfuss, the first book in a series called The Kingkiller Chronicle.	The Name of the Wind	The Kingkiller Chronicle
series	The Empty Planet is a two-part story of The Sarah Jane Adventures which has been broadcast on CBBC on 1 and 2 November 2010.	The Empty Planet	The Sarah Jane Adventures
series	The Lamp of God is a novella that was written in 1935 by Ellery Queen.	The Lamp of God	Ellery Queen
series	``The Class of '62'' is an episode of the BBC sit-com Only Fools and Horses.	The Class of '62	Only Fools and Horses
series	``500 Keys'' is the twenty-first episode of the twenty-second season of The Simpsons.	500 Keys	The Simpsons
series	Shooting Sean is the fourth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 8 May 2001 through Harper Collins.	Shooting Sean	Dan Starkey
series	``Ferengi Love Songs'' is an episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the twentieth episode of the fifth season.	Ferengi Love Songs	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	The Audi A1 (internally designated Typ 8X) is a supermini sized economical car launched by Audi at the 2010 Geneva Motor Show.	Audi A1	supermini
series	``King Nine Will Not Return'' is the season two premiere episode, and 37th overall, of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	King Nine Will Not Return	The Twilight Zone
series	``Anthropology 101'' is the second season premiere of the American television series Community.	Anthropology 101	Community
series	``8 Simple Rules for Buying My Teenage Daughter'' is the eighth episode from the fourth season of the FOX animated series Family Guy which guest starred Joanna García as Stewie's babysitter, Liddane.	8 Simple Rules for Buying My Teenage Daughter	Family Guy
series	``Believe It or Not, Joe's Walking on Air'' is the third episode of the sixth season of the Fox animated comedy series Family Guy, an episode produced for season 5.	Believe It or Not, Joe's Walking on Air	Family Guy
series	``Extraordinary Merry Christmas'' is the ninth episode and mid-season finale of the third season of the American musical television series Glee, and the fifty-third overall.	Extraordinary Merry Christmas	Glee
series	Bugs Bunny Gets the Boid is a 1942 Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Bob Clampett, produced by Leon Schlesinger, and released to theatres by Warner Bros. Pictures.	Bugs Bunny Gets the Boid	Merrie Melodies
series	Tintin in the Congo (French: Tintin au Congo; French pronunciation: ​(tɛ̃tɛn o kɔ̃go)) is the second volume of The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.	Tintin in the Congo	The Adventures of Tintin
series	``Future-Drama'' is the fifteenth episode of The Simpsons' sixteenth season, the 350th episode overall, and originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 17, 2005.	Future-Drama	The Simpsons
series	Hastur Lord is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross in the Darkover series.	Hastur Lord	Darkover series
series	``Shadows of P'Jem'' is the fifteenth episode (production #115) of television series Star Trek: Enterprise, and was written by Rick Berman and Brannon Braga.	Shadows of P'Jem	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	Reifezeugnis is a 1977 German television film directed by Wolfgang Petersen and part of the Tatort television series.	Reifezeugnis	Tatort
series	Nasty Quacks is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series.	Nasty Quacks	Merrie Melodies
series	``Intersections in Real Time'' is the eighteenth episode from the fourth season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.	Intersections in Real Time	Babylon 5
series	``Emission Impossible'' is the 11th episode of the third season of Family Guy, that first aired November 8, 2001.	Emission Impossible	Family Guy
series	``Wilson's Heart'' is the sixteenth episode and season finale of the fourth season of House and the eighty-sixth episode overall.	Wilson's Heart	House
series	The 9th Judgment is the title for the ninth book in the Women's Murder Club series featuring Lindsay Boxer by New York Times Bestselling author James Patterson and was released in 2010.	The 9th Judgment	Women's Murder Club
series	``The Omega Directive'' is the 89th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager airing on the UPN network.	The Omega Directive	Star Trek: Voyager
series	The Web Planet is the fifth serial of the second season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in six weekly parts from 13 February 1965 to 20 March 1965.	The Web Planet	Doctor Who
series	The Fall of Neskaya is a fantasy novel written by Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross as part of the Darkover series and is set in The Hundred Kingdoms time period.	The Fall of Neskaya	Darkover series
series	``The One with All the Thanksgivings'' (also known as ``The One with the Thanksgiving Flashbacks'') is the eighth episode of the fifth season of Friends'.	The One with All the Thanksgivings	Friends
series	The Secret of Red Gate Farm is the sixth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series, written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene, It was first published in 1931.	The Secret of Red Gate Farm	Nancy Drew
series	Jolly Roger and Out was the twenty-ninth in the Huckleberry Hound cartoon series in the segment The Huckleberry Hound Show on September 26, 1959.	Jolly Roger and Out	The Huckleberry Hound Show
series	For years before the Baxter translation, Invasion of the Sea was one of four late Voyages Extraordinaires novels left unpublished in their whole form (the others being The Mighty Orinoco, The Kip Brothers, and Traveling Scholarships).	Invasion of the Sea	Voyages Extraordinaires
series	When Did You Last See Your Money? is the ninth episode of the fifth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on 1 December 1972.	When Did You Last See Your Money?	Dad's Army
series	Les Chouans (French pronunciation: ​(le ʃwɑ̃), The Chouans) is an 1829 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799--1850) and included in the Scènes de la vie militaire section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine.	Les Chouans	La Comédie humaine
series	Sweet Nothing in My Ear is a television movie that debuted on the CBS television network as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie on April 20, 2008.	Sweet Nothing in My Ear	Hallmark Hall of Fame
series	``Woodland Critter Christmas'' is episode 125 of the Comedy Central series South Park.	Woodland Critter Christmas	South Park
series	``The Lambda Factor'' is the nineteenth episode of the second series of Space: 1999 (and the forty-third episode overall of the programme).	The Lambda Factor	Space: 1999
sport	The International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) is the worldwide governing body for ice hockey and in-line hockey.	International Ice Hockey Federation	ice hockey
sport	Mindaugas Girdžiūnas (born 20 January 1989 in Klaipėda, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for Neptūnas in Lithuanian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League.	Mindaugas Girdžiūnas	basketball
sport	The 1998 Bausch & Lomb Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Amelia Island Plantation on Amelia Island, Florida in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Bausch & Lomb Championships	tennis
sport	The Curse of the Bambino was a superstition evolving from the failure of the Boston Red Sox baseball team to win the World Series in the 86-year period from 1918 to 2004.	Curse of the Bambino	baseball
sport	The King's Pawn Game is any chess opening starting with the move: 1.	King's Pawn Game	chess
sport	Kendrick Perry (born December 23, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for BC Körmend of the Hungarian Nemzeti Bajnokság I/A. He played college basketball at Youngstown State University.	Kendrick Perry	basketball
sport	Pogsak Khongkeaw born 31 January 1977 is a Thai association football player, and a member of the Thailand national beach soccer team, making two appearances in the 2005 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.	Pogsak Khongkeaw	association football
sport	Damian McKenzie (born 20 April 1995 in Invercargill, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a first five-eighth or fullback for Waikato in the ITM Cup.	Damian McKenzie	rugby union
sport	Pamela Fontaine is an American Paralympic table tennis player.	Pamela Fontaine	table tennis
sport	Alice Ruth ``Ruthie'' Bolton (born May 25, 1967), also known by her former married name of Ruthie Bolton-Holifield, is an American former professional women's basketball player.	Ruthie Bolton	basketball
sport	Renardo Sidney, Jr. (born December 6, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who most notably played college basketball for the Mississippi State Bulldogs from 2009-2012.	Renardo Sidney	basketball
sport	The Shell Houston Open is a regular golf tournament on the PGA Tour, currently played in late March or early April at the Golf Club of Houston (formerly known as Redstone Golf Club) in unincorporated area in Harris County, Texas, near Humble and northeast of Houston.	Houston Open	golf
sport	Werner Swanepoel is a former South African rugby union player.	Werner Swanepoel	rugby union
sport	Lamar Hunt (August 2, 1932 -- December 13, 2006) was an American sportsman and promoter of American football, soccer, basketball, tennis and ice hockey in the United States and an inductee into three sports' halls of fame.	Lamar Hunt	basketball
sport	The SV Eichede is a German association football club from the Eichede suburb of Steinburg, Schleswig-Holstein.	SV Eichede	association football
sport	The FIVB Volleyball Boys' U19 World Championship, called the FIVB Volleyball Boys' Youth World Championship between 2007 and 2011, is the world championship of volleyball for male players under the age of 19 organized by Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB).	FIVB Volleyball Boys' U19 World Championship	volleyball
sport	Bob Gaudet is an American ice hockey coach who has served as the head coach at Dartmouth since 1997.	Bob Gaudet	ice hockey
sport	Ramon López Suárez, known as Moncho López (born 10 July 1969 in Ferrol), is a Spanish basketball manager and the current coach of FC Porto and the Angola national basketball team.	Moncho López	basketball
sport	Imran Nazir (Punjabi: عمران نذیر) (born 16 December 1981) is a Pakistani cricket Opening batsman who plays in the Pakistan national cricket team in Test cricket, One Day International and Twenty20 cricket formats.	Imran Nazir	cricket
sport	George M. Steinbrenner Field (formerly known as Legends Field), is a baseball stadium located in Tampa, Florida across Dale Mabry Highway from Raymond James Stadium, home of the National Football League's Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	George M. Steinbrenner Field	baseball
sport	Mikhail Nikolayevich Smirnov (Russian: Михаил Николаевич Смирнов) (1881 in Moscow -- 1957) was an association football player.	Mikhail Nikolayevich Smirnov	association football
sport	The Superliga de Voleibol Masculina, (SVM) is the top level of the Spanish volleyball.	Superliga de Voleibol Masculina	volleyball
sport	The Bravos de Margarita (Margarita Braves) are a professional baseball team who plays in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League since the 2007-08 season.	Bravos de Margarita	baseball
sport	Ian Jardine (born 20 October 1964, in Dunfermline) is a former Scottish international rugby union player, normally playing at the Centre position.	Ian Jardine	rugby union
sport	J. P. Primm (born September 17, 1989) is an American basketball player, having previously played for the men's basketball teams of the UNC Asheville Bulldogs.	J. P. Primm	basketball
sport	RK Eglė Vilnius, a.k.a. Eglė-Šviesa for sponsorship reasons, is a Lithuanian women's handball club from Vilnius.	Eglė Vilnius	handball
sport	The 1999 AFL First Preliminary Final was an Australian rules football match contested between the Essendon Bombers and the Carlton Blues at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 18 September 1999.	1999 AFL First Preliminary Final	Australian rules football
sport	Gaël Fickou (born 26 March 1994) is a French rugby union player who plays for French club Toulouse.	Gaël Fickou	rugby union
sport	Paul de Borman (French pronunciation: ​(pɔl də bɔʁmɑ̃); 1 December 1879 -- 21 April 1948) was a Belgian tennis player who was active during the early part of the 20th century.	Paul de Borman	tennis
sport	Kevin Reddick (born December 28, 1989) is an American football linebacker who is currently a member of the Buffalo Bills in the National Football League (NFL).	Kevin Reddick	American football
sport	Victor Kaleb Canales (born July 7, 1978) is an American basketball assistant coach for the Dallas Mavericks of the NBA.	Kaleb Canales	basketball
sport	The 2015 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament was a postseason men's basketball tournament for the Western Athletic Conference, held from March 12--14, 2015 at the Orleans Arena in Paradise, Nevada.	2015 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Ricard Casas Gurt (born 12 September 1962 in Manresa, Catalonia, Spain) is Spanish basketball coach.	Ricard Casas	basketball
sport	Siri Lindley (born May 26, 1969) is an American triathlon coach and former professional triathlete.	Siri Lindley	triathlon
sport	Kristina Vengrytė (born 21 December 1981 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian women's basketball player who plays for the Kibirkstis Vilnius of the Lithuanian Women's Basketball League and is member of the Lithuanian national team.	Kristina Vengrytė	basketball
sport	Jason Lamy-Chappuis (born September 9, 1986) is a Franco-American ski jumper and cross-country skier who has represented France in Nordic combined ski events between 2002 and 2015.	Jason Lamy-Chappuis	Nordic combined
sport	Christo Steyn (born on 1 May 1961 in Springs, South Africa), is a former South African tennis player.	Christo Steyn	tennis
sport	The Ereklasse is the highest tier of the national rugby union competition in the Netherlands.	Ereklasse	rugby union
sport	The Nottingham Hoods are an English basketball club, which operates two Men's teams in the English Basketball League (EBL).	Nottingham Hoods	basketball
sport	Lise Gregory (born 29 August 1963) is a South African former tennis player who played primarily doubles.	Lise Gregory	tennis
sport	Shelford Rugby Club is an English rugby union football club based in Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire.	Shelford Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Thomas Salamon (born January 18, 1989) is an Austrian professional association football player, currently playing for Austria Wien.	Thomas Salamon	association football
sport	Émile Bongiorni (19 March 1921 -- 4 May 1949) was a French association football striker of Italian descent.	Émile Bongiorni	association football
sport	Bud Walton Arena (also known as the Basketball Palace of Mid-America) is the home to the men's and women's basketball teams of the University of Arkansas, known as the Razorbacks.	Bud Walton Arena	basketball
sport	Dragan Šolak (Serbian: Драган Шолак; born 30 March 1980, in Vrbas) is a Serbian-Turkish chess grandmaster.	Dragan Šolak	chess
sport	The Latino Legends Team was an all-time all-star baseball team selected in 2005 to honor the history of Latin American players in Major League Baseball.	Latino Legends Team	baseball
sport	The 2011 Great Alaska Shootout, was the 33rd Great Alaska Shootout competition, the annual college basketball tournament in Anchorage, Alaska that features colleges from all over the United States.	2011 Great Alaska Shootout	basketball
sport	Maiko Kano (狩野舞子 Kano Maiko, born July 15, 1988) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs.	Maiko Kano	volleyball
sport	NCAA Division I baseball teams Notre Dame Fighting Irish and Indiana Hoosiers played a game at Victory Field on April 21, 2015.	Victory Field	baseball
sport	Nathan Wynn is a rugby league player for the FC.Lézignan where they won the French Cup Final Lord Derby Cup and the Elite 1 in France and was named Scrum Half of the year in the 2010/2011 Season..	Nathan Wynn	rugby league
sport	Alon Greenfeld (Hebrew: אלון גרינפלד‎; born 17 April 1964, New York City) is an Israeli chess grandmaster (GM).	Alon Greenfeld	chess
sport	The 2014 LPGA of Korea Tour was the 37th season of the LPGA of Korea Tour, the professional golf tour for women operated by the Korea Ladies Professional Golf' Association.	2014 LPGA of Korea Tour	golf
sport	Rudolf Eklöw (15 January 1904 - 29 September 1986, in Stockholm), sports journalist, association football referee, and Swedish sports manager.	Rudolf Eklöw	association football
sport	The Wales Ladies Championship of Europe was a women's professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour.	Wales Ladies Championship of Europe	golf
sport	Valeri Fomenkov is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League.	Valeri Fomenkov	ice hockey
sport	Ratu Aca Ronald Gavidi Ratuva, better known as Aca Ratuva (born Sigatoka, 30 December 1978) is a Fijian rugby union player.	Aca Ratuva	rugby union
sport	Kueth Duany (born April 22, 1980) is a Sudanese former basketball player.	Kueth Duany	basketball
sport	Igor Sijsling (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈiɡɔr ˈsɛi̯slɪŋ); born 18 August 1987) is a Dutch professional tennis player.	Igor Sijsling	tennis
sport	En Avant de Guingamp Côtes-d'Armor (Breton: War-raok Gwengamp; commonly referred to as EA Guingamp, EAG, or simply Guingamp) is a French association football club based in the commune of Guingamp.	En Avant de Guingamp	association football
sport	Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. (Hebrew: מ.כ. מכבי פוקס תל-אביב‎), for sponsorship reasons Maccabi FOX Tel Aviv, is a professional basketball club based in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.	basketball
sport	Blackwood Bulldogs were a rugby league team based in Blackwood, Caerphilly, Wales.	Blackwood Bulldogs	rugby league
sport	Dušan Vemić (Cyrillic: Душан Вемић) is a Serbian former professional tennis player.	Dušan Vemić	tennis
sport	Han Qing (Chinese: 韩青; born 4 March 1970) is a Chinese former track and field athlete who competed in the 200 metres and 400 metres hurdles.	Han Qing	track and field
sport	ALM Évreux Basket is a French professional basketball club based in Evreux, France.	ALM Évreux Basket	basketball
sport	Jesse Broadwater (born 9 January 1984), is an athlete from Pennsylvania, United States, who competes in compound archery.	Jesse Broadwater	archery
sport	The Grand Prix du Nouvel-An also called after its sponsor Grand Prix Hotel Threeland is a cyclo-cross race held in Pétange, Luxembourg.	Grand Prix du Nouvel-An	cyclo-cross
sport	The 1950 Yugoslav Second League season was the 4th season of the Second Federal League (Serbo-Croatian: 'Druga savezna liga'), the second level association football competition of SFR Yugoslavia, since its establishment in 1946.	1950 Yugoslav Second League	association football
sport	Holstein Kiel (KSV Holstein or Kieler SV Holstein) is a German association football and sports club based in the city of Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein.	Holstein Kiel	association football
sport	The 2004 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Westside Tennis Club in Houston, Texas in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.	2004 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships	tennis
sport	When Dewsbury converted from the rugby union code to the rugby league code on 3 September 1898, William Stadden would have been approximately 37 years of age.	William Stadden	rugby league
sport	Marissa Janning is a college basketball player who plays for Creighton University.	Marissa Janning	basketball
sport	Timo Nieminen (born October 6, 1981 in Helsinki) is a retired professional Finnish tennis player.	Timo Nieminen	tennis
sport	Paris Volley was founded in the 1998 from the fusion of the volleyball section of the Paris université club (PUC) and the Paris Saint-Germain Racing Volley.	Paris Volley	volleyball
sport	The 2006 Singapore Open in badminton was held in Singapore, from June 5 to June 11, 2006.	2006 Singapore Open	badminton
sport	The 2009 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place on March 4, 2009 as a single-elimination tournament, with games being played at the higher seeds' home courts.	2009 Patriot League Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Carlisle Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located at Blackwell village, near Carlisle, Cumbria, England.	Carlisle Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Lara González Ortega (born 22 February 1992) is a Spanish handball player who play for Siófok KC.	Lara González Ortega	handball
sport	Miloš Holaň (born April 22, 1971) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey player and currently the head coach of HC Berkut of the Professional Hockey League.	Miloš Holaň	ice hockey
sport	Gianfranco Lombardi (born 20 March 1941) is an Italian basketball coach and retired player.	Gianfranco Lombardi	basketball
sport	Sarajevo Olympic Bobsleigh and Luge Track is a bobsleigh and luge track situated on Trebević mountain overlooking the City of Sarajevo, built for the 1984 Winter Olympics.	Sarajevo Olympic Bobsleigh and Luge Track	bobsleigh
sport	The WCPW Lightweight Championship was a professional wrestling lightweight title in Windy City Pro Wrestling (WCPW).	WCPW Lightweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Valence Sportif was a French rugby union club based in Valence, Drôme.	Valence Sportif	rugby union
sport	Gilles Dumas is the coach of the Toulouse Olympique rugby league club.	Gilles Dumas	rugby league
sport	The WCT Challenge Cup was a men's tennis tournament played from 1976--1980 in indoors carpet courts, that was part of the World Championship Tennis circuit.	WCT Challenge Cup	tennis
sport	Aleki Lutui (born 1 July 1978) in Tofoa, Tonga, is a Tongan rugby union international player.	Aleki Lutui	rugby union
sport	The 2011 Autumn International Series was a series of three rugby league test matches played between France, Ireland and Scotland in 2011.	2011 Autumn International Series	rugby league
sport	Adam Mogg (born 31 July 1977 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s.	Adam Mogg	rugby league
sport	The Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race also known as Great Ocean Road Race or Cadel Road Race is an annual professional one-day road bicycle racing for both men and women starting and finishing in Geelong, Victoria, Australia, and routed along the picturesque Great Ocean Road.	Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race	road bicycle racing
sport	Hendro Scholtz (born Bethlehem, Free State, 22 March 1979) is a former South African rugby union player and currently the head coach at Varsity Cup side UFS Shimlas.	Hendro Scholtz	rugby union
sport	Jana Bellin (née Malypetrová; born 9 December 1947) is a British, formerly Czechoslovak chess player.	Jana Bellin	chess
sport	The 2015 LPGA Tour was a series of professional golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world.	2015 LPGA Tour	golf
sport	Polska Liga Koszykówki (PLK), or in English, the Polish Basketball League, is the highest level league of professional basketball in Poland.	Polish Basketball League	basketball
sport	Susan King Borchardt (born Susan King on July 27, 1981) is an American professional women's basketball player.	Susan King Borchardt	basketball
sport	The 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup Final was a basketball game that took place on 14 September 2014 at Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid in Madrid, Spain, to determine the winner of the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.	2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup Final	basketball
sport	Brianna Decker (born May 13, 1991) is an American women's ice hockey player for the Boston Pride of the National Women's Hockey League.	Brianna Decker	ice hockey
sport	The New Haven Elm Citys was a professional baseball team based in New Haven, Connecticut.	New Haven Elm Citys	baseball
sport	The Jacksonville Dixie Blues are a women's American football team based in Jacksonville, Florida.	Jacksonville Dixie Blues	American football
sport	Island Bay United is an association football club in the southern suburb of Island Bay in Wellington, New Zealand.	Island Bay United	association football
sport	The 2011 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was the World Championships for track cycling in 2011.	2011 UCI Track Cycling World Championships	track cycling
sport	John Ampomah (born 11 July 1990 in Accra) is a Ghanaian athlete specialising in the javelin throw.	John Ampomah	javelin throw
sport	SV Austria Salzburg is an Austrian association football club, based in the city of Salzburg.	SV Austria Salzburg	association football
sport	Hokejski Klub Slavija (English: Slavija Hockey Club), commonly referred to as HK Slavija or simply Slavija, currently known as HK Playboy Slavija due to sponsorship reasons, is an ice hockey club from Ljubljana, Slovenia.	HK Slavija	ice hockey
sport	Kendall Coyne (born May 25, 1992) is an American ice hockey player and a member of the United States women's national ice hockey team.	Kendall Coyne	ice hockey
sport	Feng Kun (simplified Chinese: 冯坤; traditional Chinese: 馮坤; pinyin: Féng Kūn; born 28 December 1978 in Beijing) was the China women's national volleyball team setter and captain.	Feng Kun	volleyball
sport	Mathieu van der Poel (born 19 January 1995) is a Dutch cyclist, who currently competes in the cyclo-cross and road bicycle racing disciplines of the sport for the BKCP--	Mathieu van der Poel	cyclo-cross
sport	The 1995 Prague Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the I. Czech Lawn Tennis Club in Prague in the Czech Republic that was part of Tier IV of the 1995 WTA Tour.	1995 Prague Open	tennis
sport	Zoltán Ribli (born September 6, 1951 in Mohács) is a Hungarian chess grandmaster and International Arbiter (1995).	Zoltán Ribli	chess
sport	Fabrice Estebanez (born 26 December 1981 in Carcassonne), is a French former rugby league player and now rugby union player.	Fabrice Estebanez	rugby union
sport	George Foreman vs. Joe Frazier II, billed as ``Battle of the Gladiators'', was a professional boxing match contested on June 15, 1976 for the NABF heavyweight championship.	George Foreman vs. Joe Frazier II	boxing
sport	Mirza Džomba (born 28 February 1977) is a retired Croatian handball player, World champion and Olympic champion.	Mirza Džomba	handball
sport	Tassadit Aïssou (born June 19, 1989 in Sidi Aïch, Béjaïa) is an Algerian volleyball player, playing as middle-blocker.	Tassadit Aïssou	volleyball
sport	The Asian Water Polo Clubs Championships are the premier Asian water polo club competitions run by the Asia Swimming Federation.	Asian Water Polo Clubs Championships	water polo
sport	The 2012 Rugby Super League season was the seventeenth and final season of the Rugby Super League, the United States premier division of rugby union, before being replaced by the USA Rugby Elite Cup.	2012 Rugby Super League season	rugby union
sport	Mladen Erjavec is a Croatian professional basketball coach and a former professional basketball player.	Mladen Erjavec	basketball
sport	Jean-Philippe Baile (born 7 June 1987) is a French professional rugby league footballer for Bradford Bulls in the Championship.	Jean-Philippe Baile	rugby league
sport	Markus Hipfl (born 26 April 1978) is a former professional tennis player from Austria.	Markus Hipfl	tennis
sport	Gisborne City AFC was an association football club in Gisborne, New Zealand.	Gisborne City AFC	association football
sport	Akhil Kumar (born March 27, 1981) is an Indian boxer who has won several international and national boxing awards.	Akhil Kumar	boxing
sport	Armenak Alachachian (alternate spelling: Armenak Alatchatchan) (Armenian: Արմենակ Միսակի Ալաջաջյան, born December 25, 1930 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a retired Armenian basketball player and coach.	Armenak Alachachian	basketball
sport	The International Rugby Hall of Fame (IRHOF) was a hall of fame for rugby union.	International Rugby Hall of Fame	rugby union
sport	The Canton Bulldogs were a professional American football team, based in Canton, Ohio.	Canton Bulldogs	American football
sport	An Yan Lim Lim Kee Chong (born May 15, 1960) is a retired Mauritian association football referee.	Lim Kee Chong	association football
sport	The Kenyan Premier League (KPL), also known as the SportPesa Premier League (SPL) for sponsorship reasons, is a professional league for men's association football clubs in Kenya.	Kenyan Premier League	association football
sport	Ottaviano Garibaldi Misefari, better known as Ottavio Misefari (1 February 1909 -- 6 January 1999) was an Italian association football player and manager.	Ottavio Misefari	association football
sport	The 2014 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was the World Championships for track cycling in 2014.	2014 UCI Track Cycling World Championships	track cycling
sport	Didier Camberabero (born January 9, 1961 in Valence, Drôme), is a former French international rugby union.	Didier Camberabero	rugby union
sport	Brenda Villa (born April 18, 1980) is an accomplished American water polo player.	Brenda Villa	water polo
sport	YMCA Cricket Club is a cricket club in Dublin, Ireland, playing in Division 1 of the Leinster Senior League.	YMCA Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Oğulcan Kanmazalp (born 22 July 1992) is a Turkish International Master (IM) of chess.	Oğulcan Kanmazalp	chess
sport	The MCW Rage Television Championship is a professional wrestling television championship owned by the Maryland Championship Wrestling (MCW) promotion.	MCW Rage Television Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Gymea Gorillas Junior Rugby League Football Club is a rugby league football club that is based in the Sydney suburb of Gymea and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League.	Gymea Gorillas	rugby league
sport	The Des Moines Buccaneers are a Tier 1 junior ice hockey team of the United States Hockey League (USHL).	Des Moines Buccaneers	ice hockey
sport	The Queensland Reds is the rugby union team for the Australian state of Queensland that competes in the Southern Hemisphere's Super Rugby competition.	Queensland Reds	rugby union
sport	Isabelle Demongeot (born 18 September 1966) is a former professional tennis player from France, who turned professional on 1 May 1983.	Isabelle Demongeot	tennis
sport	Max Valles (born August 5, 1994) is an American football defensive end who is currently on the Buffalo Bills.	Max Valles	American football
sport	Antwaan Randle El (/ˈæntwɑːn ˌrændəlˈɛl/; born August 17, 1979) is a former American football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons.	Antwaan Randle El	American football
sport	The 2007 Open 13 was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Marseille, France the event was part of the 2007 ATP Tour.	2007 Open 13	tennis
sport	Viacheslav Platonov (Russian: Вячеслав Платонов; 21 February 1939 -- 26 December 2005) was a Russian volleyball player and coach.	Viacheslav Platonov	volleyball
sport	Omar Agrebi (Arabic: عمر العقربي‎) (born 26 August 1992 in Sfax, Tunisia) is a Tunisian volleyball player.	Omar Agrebi	volleyball
sport	The New England League was a mid-level league in American minor league baseball that played sporadically in five of the six New England states (Vermont excepted) between 1886 and 1949.	New England League	baseball
sport	Mark Lapidus (born 28 November 1995 in Tallinn) is an Estonian chess player who won the Estonian Chess Championship in 2012.	Mark Lapidus	chess
sport	The 2010 Chinese Super League season was the seventh season since the establishment of the Chinese Super League, the seventeenth season of a professional association football league and the 49th top-tier league season in China.	2010 Chinese Super League	association football
sport	The 2010 China Masters Super Series was a top level badminton competition which was held from September 14, 2010 to September 19, 2010 in Changzhou, China.	2010 China Masters Super Series	badminton
sport	The 1930 Hungarian International Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts which took place at the Margitsziget courts.	1930 Hungarian International Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	The 1996 Legg Mason Tennis Classic was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center in Washington, D.C. in the United States and was part of the Championship Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.	1996 Legg Mason Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	The Indian Oil Cup 2005 was a three-team cricket tournament which took place in Sri Lanka in July and August 2005, between the hosts Sri Lanka, India and West Indies.	Indian Oil Cup 2005	cricket
sport	Faiq Hasanov (transliterated as Gasanov; Azerbaijani: Faiq Həsənov; born November 15, 1940 in Ganja, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR) is an Azerbaijani chess International Arbiter (1980), coach, television presenter, author and vice-president of Azerbaijan Chess Federation.	Faiq Hasanov	chess
sport	Jaan Puidet (4 January 1992) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays for Jämtland Basket of the Basketligan.	Jaan Puidet	basketball
sport	Ray Wertis (January 1, 1922--January 19, 2006) was a professional basketball player for the Cleveland Rebels, Toronto Huskies, and Providence Steamrollers of the Basketball Association of America (now known as the National Basketball Association).	Ray Wertis	basketball
sport	The Skate Canada International is an international, senior-level invitation-only figure skating competition organized by Skate Canada.	Skate Canada International	figure skating
sport	TSV Buchbach is a German association football club from the village of Buchbach, Bavaria.	TSV Buchbach	association football
sport	The 2013 Traralgon Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard court.	2013 Traralgon Challenger	tennis
sport	The King's College London Rugby Football Club (also referred to as KCLRFC and King's Rugby) represents King's College London in rugby union competitions, notably BUCS and the University of London Union's Gutteridge Cup.	King's College London Rugby Football Club	rugby union
sport	The 2007 Hopman Cup (also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons) corresponds to the nineteenth edition of the Hopman Cup tournament between nations in men's and women's tennis.	2007 Hopman Cup	tennis
sport	The 2011 Gomelsky Cup is a European basketball competition that occurred between September 24 and September 25 in Moscow.	2011 Gomelsky Cup	basketball
sport	Bob Lienhard (born April 2, 1948) is a former basketball player at the University of Georgia.	Bob Lienhard	basketball
sport	Friðrik Erlendur Stefánsson (born October 6, 1976 in Iceland) is an Icelandic professional basketball player who played 112 games for the Icelandic national team.	Friðrik Erlendur Stefánsson	basketball
sport	The Naismith Trophy is a trophy awarded to the men's champion of the FIBA Basketball World Cup, and is named for basketball inventor James Naismith.	Naismith Trophy	basketball
sport	Michał Żurek (born 3 June 1988) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team B and Polish club Transfer Bydgoszcz, Polish Champion (2015).	Michał Żurek	volleyball
sport	The 1997 Gold Coast Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre in Hope Island, Queensland in Australia that was part of Tier III of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 Gold Coast Classic	tennis
sport	The 2010 Davis Cup (also known as the 2010 Davis Cup by BNP Paribas for sponsorship purposes) was the 99th edition of the most important annual tournament among national teams in men's tennis worldwide.	2010 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	Germán Mesa Fresneda (born May 12, 1967 in Havana) is a Cuban retired shortstop who played for the Industriales of the Cuban National Series and for the Cuban national baseball team.	Germán Mesa	baseball
sport	The 2013 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the 11th edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship field hockey championship for women.	2013 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship	field hockey
sport	The 2014 Copa América Femenina was the seventh edition of the Copa América Femenina, an association football competition for women's national teams in South America affiliated with CONMEBOL.	2014 Copa América Femenina	association football
sport	The 2011 World Port Tournament was an international baseball competition held at the Neptunus Family Stadium in Rotterdam, the Netherlands from June 23 to July 3, 2011.	2011 World Port Tournament	baseball
sport	The 7th Chess Olympiad, organized by the FIDE and comprising an open and (unofficial) women's tournament, as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess, took place between July 31 and August 14, 1937, in Stockholm, Sweden).	7th Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	The Hawke's Bay Rugby Union (HBRU) is the governing body of rugby union in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand.	Hawke's Bay Rugby Union	rugby union
sport	Richard Mason Rocca (born November 6, 1977) is an American born Italian professional basketball player for Aurora Jesi of the Legadue Basket.	Mason Rocca	basketball
sport	Nogometni Klub Maribor ``B'' (English: Maribor B Football Club), commonly referred to as NK Maribor B or simply Maribor B, is an association football club based in the city of Maribor, Slovenia.	NK Maribor B	association football
sport	Frans Ludeke is a South African rugby union coach, formerly coach of the Bulls and the Cats in Super Rugby.	Frans Ludeke	rugby union
sport	The BDO World Darts Championship is a world championship competition in darts, organised by the British Darts Organisation (BDO).	BDO World Darts Championship	darts
sport	Doctor Louis Babrow (24 April 1915 -- 26 January 2004) was a South African rugby union player and medical doctor.	Louis Babrow	rugby union
sport	Seppo Liitsola (7 February 1933 -- 18 July 2012) was a professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga.	Seppo Liitsola	ice hockey
sport	Carlos Javier Weber (born January 6, 1966) is a former volleyball player from Argentina.	Javier Weber	volleyball
sport	The 2011 Setanta Sports Cup was the sixth staging of the all Ireland association football competition.	2011 Setanta Sports Cup	association football
sport	Alexander Volzhin (born 2 February 1971; Russian: Александр Волжин) is a prominent Russian chess grandmaster.	Alexander Volzhin	chess
sport	Jonas Gray (born June 27, 1990) is an American football running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL)..	Jonas Gray	American football
sport	Erik Staffan Olsson (born 26 March 1964, Uppsala) is a retired Swedish handball player and recently appointed Swedish national coach.	Staffan Olsson	handball
sport	Founded in 1886, the Waterford GAA board administers Gaelic Games at all levels in County Waterford, Ireland.	Waterford GAA	Gaelic Games
sport	Borislav Milić (Cyrillic Борислав Милић) (20 October 1925 -- 28 May 1986) was a Yugoslav Grandmaster of chess, and a chess writer, organizer, promoter, and administrator.	Borislav Milić	chess
sport	The Border League, is the oldest established rugby union league in the World, having been formed in 1901.	Border League	rugby union
sport	The Gold Coast Titans are an Australian professional rugby league football club, based in Gold Coast, Queensland.	Gold Coast Titans	rugby league
sport	The Wells Fargo Championship is a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour.	Wells Fargo Championship	golf
sport	Pascale Jeuland (born 2 June 1987) is a French racing cyclist participating in road and track cycling events.	Pascale Jeuland	track cycling
sport	Brooks Foster (born April 9, 1986 in Boiling Springs, South Carolina) is a former American football wide receiver.	Brooks Foster	American football
sport	The Carolina Queens are a women's American football team based out of Charlotte, North Carolina playing in the Independent Women's Football League.	Carolina Queens	American football
sport	NBA Live 15 is a basketball video game for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One released on October 28, 2014 in North America and released on October 31, 2014 in Europe.	NBA Live 15	basketball
sport	Bodyline, also known as fast leg theory bowling, was a cricketing tactic devised by the English cricket team for their 1932--33 Ashes tour of Australia, specifically to combat the extraordinary batting skill of Australia's Don Bradman.	Bodyline	cricket
sport	Danko Cvjetićanin (often credited as Cvjetičanin; born October 16, 1963) is a retired basketball player who won two silver medals at the Olympic Games, one with Yugoslavia (1988) and the other with Croatia (1992).	Danko Cvjetićanin	basketball
sport	Arthur Dunkelblum (23 April 1906 -- 27 January 1979) was a Polish-born Belgian chess master.	Arthur Dunkelblum	chess
sport	Bojan Kurajica (born 15 November 1947 in Ljubljana, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian chess grandmaster (GM).	Bojan Kurajica	chess
sport	Martynas Andriuškevičius (Lithuanian pronunciation: ​(mɐrʲˈtʲiːnɐs ɐnʲdʲrʲʊʃˈkʲæːvʲɪt͡ʃʊs); born March 12, 1986, in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian professional professional basketball player, who currently plays for Helios Suns.	Martynas Andriuškevičius	basketball
sport	Rudolf Huna ( May 27, 1980 in Liptovský Mikuláš, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward.	Rudolf Huna	ice hockey
sport	Wes Naiqama (born 19 October 1982) is a Fijian Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays for and is the current captain of the London Broncos in the English Championship.	Wes Naiqama	rugby league
sport	The Tour de Ski (TdS) is a cross-country skiing event held annually since the 2006-2007 season in Central Europe, modeled on the Tour de France of cycling.	Tour de Ski	cross-country skiing
sport	Göteborgs BK was founded a year later, in 1875, and most likely only played the code of football known as Swedish football which was similar to, but not identical to association football.	Göteborgs BK	association football
sport	SV Nord Wedding 1893 is a German association football club that plays in Berlin.	SV Nord Wedding 1893	association football
sport	The Amsterdam Admirals were a professional American football team in NFL Europe based in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Amsterdam Admirals	American football
sport	The Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho (Portuguese for July 9 Cycling Race) is a single day road bicycle racing event held in Brazil.	Prova Ciclística 9 de Julho	road bicycle racing
sport	Nanthana Komwong (Thai: นันทนา คำวงศ์; rtgs: Nanthana Khamwong; born 13 September 1980) is a Thai table tennis player.	Nanthana Komwong	table tennis
sport	Wang Yuegu (Chinese: 王越古; pinyin: Wáng Yuègǔ, pronounced (wǎŋ ɥêkù); born 10 June 1980) is a China-born Singaporean table tennis player who was ranked among the top ten players in the world.	Wang Yuegu	table tennis
sport	Darrin Reaves (born April 17, 1993) is an American football running back who is currently on the Kansas City Chiefs practice squad.	Darrin Reaves	American football
sport	Jarrett Brown (born January 23, 1987) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.	Jarrett Brown	American football
sport	The Czech Extraliga (Czech: Extraliga ledního hokeje, ELH) is the highest-level ice hockey league in the Czech Republic.	Czech Extraliga	ice hockey
sport	Martin Kližan (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmartin ˈkliʒan); born 11 July 1989) is a Slovak professional tennis player.	Martin Kližan	tennis
sport	Praga Rugby is a Czech rugby club based in Prague.	Praga Rugby	rugby
sport	The St. Louis Slam is a women's professional American football team based in St. Louis, Missouri.	St. Louis Slam	American football
sport	Konstantin Vygodchikov (Vigodchikov, Wygodchikoff; Russian: Константин Алексеевич Выгодчиков) (1892 -- 1941) was a Belarusian chess master.	Konstantin Vygodchikov	chess
sport	Olympia Scott, formerly known under her married name of Olympia Scott-Richardson, is an American former professional basketball player in the WNBA, and a former college coach.	Olympia Scott	basketball
sport	Hillary Klimowicz (born April 3, 1987) is a basketball player from New Jersey who currently plays for Limoges ABC, a team based in Limoges, France.	Hillary Klimowicz	basketball
sport	The University of Canberra Vikings (formerly the Canberra Vikings and Canberra Kookaburras) is an Australian rugby union football team that competes in the National Rugby Championship (NRC).	Canberra Vikings	rugby union
sport	Ozan Anton Odabasi (born 8 August 1995) is a Finnish-Turkish professional basketball player.	Anton Odabasi	basketball
sport	The South London Storm Academy is the youth team set-up for South London Storm rugby league club.	South London Storm Academy	rugby league
sport	The Philadelphia Wings were a member of the National Lacrosse League, a professional box lacrosse league in North America from 1986 until 2014.	Philadelphia Wings	lacrosse
sport	The 2008 FIRA Women's European Championship was the 11th rugby union women's European championship organised by FIRA - AER.	2008 FIRA Women's European Championship	rugby union
sport	The Quebec Castors or Quebec Beavers were a professional ice hockey team based in Quebec City, Quebec from 1926 until 1935.	Quebec Castors	ice hockey
sport	Eric Fehr (born September 7, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Center playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Eric Fehr	ice hockey
sport	The Volvo World Match Play Championship is the current name of an annual match play men's professional golf tournament.	Volvo World Match Play Championship	golf
sport	The 2010 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup (16th edition), was an international basketball tournament held in Bizerte, Tunisia, from November 19 to 27, 2010.	2010 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup	basketball
sport	Eddy Ben Arous (born 25 August 1990) is a French rugby union player of Nigerian origin, who plays prop for Top 14 side Racing Métro..	Eddy Ben Arous	rugby union
sport	Timme Hoyng (born August 7, 1976 in Amstelveen, North Holland) is a field hockey player from the Netherlands.	Timme Hoyng	field hockey
sport	The Estadio Nacional disaster of 24 May 1964 (also known as the Lima football disaster) is, to date, the worst disaster in association football history.	Estadio Nacional disaster	association football
sport	The 2011 BMW PGA Championship was the 57th edition of the BMW PGA Championship, an annual professional golf tournament on the European Tour.	2011 BMW PGA Championship	golf
sport	Fumiaki Tanaka (田中史朗, born 3 January 1985 in Kyoto, Japan) is a Japanese rugby union footballer.	Fumiaki Tanaka	rugby union
sport	M. Roma Volley is an Italian volleyball club playing in the Italian Volleyball League.	M. Roma Volley	volleyball
sport	Inge Vermeulen (6 January 1985 -- 10 January 2015) was a Brazil-born Dutch field hockey player.	Inge Vermeulen	field hockey
sport	KS Jastrzębski Węgiel SA - is a Polish professional volleyball team based in Jastrzębie-Zdrój, founded in 1949 under the name of LZS hawks, since 2004, acting under its present name, and since May 2, 2005 remaining a public company.	Jastrzębski Węgiel	volleyball
sport	The BMW International Open is an annual men's professional golf tournament on the European Tour held in Germany.	BMW International Open	golf
sport	The Slovenian International in badminton is an international open held in Slovenia regularly since 1993.	Slovenian International	badminton
sport	RK Bjelovar (Rukometni Klub Bjelovar) is a team handball club from Bjelovar, Croatia formed in 1955.	RK Bjelovar	handball
sport	The Ukrainian Women's Handball Super League (Ukrainian: Гандбольна Суперліга) is the top women's league of Ukrainian handball.	Ukrainian Women's Handball Super League	handball
sport	Jeff Yoo, or Yoo Ji-Young, (born October 30, 1978) is a former association football player.	Jeff Yoo	association football
sport	Efthimios Karamitsos (born on August 1, 1956 in Sykea, Greece) is a German karate teacher (7 Dan) and the author of various sports books.	Efthimios Karamitsos	karate
sport	Salesi Ma'afu, (born 22 March 1983 in Camperdown, Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer.	Salesi Ma'afu	rugby union
sport	Geoff Pimblett (born 11 May 1944) is an English former professional rugby league footballer whose career rose to prominence in the late 1970s.	Geoff Pimblett	rugby league
sport	The Rundstrecken Challenge Nürburgring (RCN) (circuit racing challenge Nürburgring) or BMW Driving Experience Challenge, previously known as Castrol-HAUGG-Cup (CHC), is a motorsport event series.	Rundstrecken Challenge Nürburgring	motorsport
sport	Denis Phipps (born July 22, 1985) is a professional baseball outfielder for the Laredo Lemurs of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.	Denis Phipps	baseball
sport	Dalvin Cook (born August 10, 1995) is an American football running back for the Florida State Seminoles.	Dalvin Cook	American football
sport	Aleksandr Syrei (Russian: Александр Сырей) (born 26 August 1988 in Grodno, Byelorussian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey defenceman.	Aleksandr Syrei	ice hockey
sport	The 2012 Tuvalu A-Division (women) was the 4th season of top flight association football in Tuvalu.	2012 Tuvalu A-Division (women)	association football
sport	Michalis Kamperidis (alternate spelling: Michail) (Greek: Μιχάλης Καμπερίδης; born April 24, 1994) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Michalis Kamperidis	basketball
sport	Rémi Casty (born 5 February 1985) is a French professional rugby league player.	Rémi Casty	rugby league
sport	Richard Lugo (born July 5, 1973 in Calabozo, Guárico, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan professional basketball player currently signed with Venezuelan team Guaiqueríes de Margarita.	Richard Lugo	basketball
sport	The Aberdeen Warriors are a Scottish rugby league team currently playing in both the Deuchars IPA National and National 1 Leagues.	Aberdeen Warriors	rugby league
sport	FC Victoria Bammental is a German association football club from Bammental, Baden-Württemberg south of Heidelberg.	Victoria Bammental	association football
sport	William Derek Bevan, (born September 3, 1947 in Clydach, Wales) is a Welsh international rugby union referee.	Derek Bevan	rugby union
sport	The Damen-Basketball-Bundesliga (DBBL) is the premier women's basketball championship in Germany.	Damen-Basketball-Bundesliga	basketball
sport	The 1982 Montreal Molson Light Challenge was a tennis tournament.	1982 Montreal Molson Light Challenge	tennis
sport	Curtis Ross Ohlendorf (born August 8, 1982) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent.	Ross Ohlendorf	baseball
sport	The Alamo City Rugby Football Club (informally Alamo City RFC or Alamo City Rugby) is an American rugby union club that is based in San Antonio, Texas.	Alamo City Rugby Football Club	rugby union
sport	Heba El Torky (born January 15, 1991 in Alexandria) is an Egyptian professional squash player.	Heba El Torky	squash
sport	Joji Takeuchi (竹内 譲次、born January 29, 1985 in Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese professional basketball player.	Joji Takeuchi	basketball
sport	FIFA 15 is an association football simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts.	FIFA 15	association football
sport	Huang Hongpin (Chinese: 黄红枇, born 23 April 1989) is a Chinese basketball player for Guangdong Dolphins and the Chinese national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.	Huang Hongpin	basketball
sport	Nikola Bulatović (Serbian: Никола Булатовић; (born June 14, 1971 in Titograd, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former professional basketball player from Montenegro.	Nikola Bulatović	basketball
sport	Challenge Roth is a triathlon race organised by in and around Roth, Germany.	Challenge Roth	triathlon
sport	Mike Tyson vs. Tony Tucker, billed as ``The Ultimate'', was professional boxing match contested on August 1, 1987 for the WBA, WBC and IBF Heavyweight championships.	Mike Tyson vs. Tony Tucker	boxing
sport	Priit Tomson (November 3, 1942, Tallinn) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player, who competed for the Soviet Union.	Priit Tomson	basketball
sport	Omar Linares Izquierdo (born October 23, 1967 in San Juan y Martínez, Pinar del Río Province, Cuba) is a former Cuban baseball player.	Omar Linares	baseball
sport	Julien Desrosiers (born October 14, 1980) is a French ice hockey player who represented France at the 2011 IIHF World Championship.	Julien Desrosiers	ice hockey
sport	Nicholas Kalogeropoulos (born 18 February 1945), also known as Nicky Kalo, is a retired Greek tennis player who won a bronze medal at the 1971 Mediterranean Games.	Nicholas Kalogeropoulos	tennis
sport	Maccabi Paris is an association football club based in Paris, France.	Maccabi Paris	association football
sport	Antonio Garay Jr. (born November 30, 1979) is a former American football nose tackle.	Antonio Garay	American football
sport	The 1999 Qatar Open, known as the 1999 Qatar Mobil Open, for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament held in Doha, Qatar and part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour.	1999 Qatar Open	tennis
spouse	Hannelore Kohl (7 March 1933 in Berlin -- 5 July 2001) was the first wife of former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl.	Hannelore Kohl	Helmut Kohl
spouse	Pomellina Fregoso (Genoa, 1387/88 -- Monaco, 1468) was the wife of Jean I, Lord of Monaco, and the mother of Lord Catalan.	Pomellina Fregoso	Jean I, Lord of Monaco
taxon rank	Mytilus coruscus, common name the Korean mussel or the hard-shelled mussel, is a species of mussel, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Mytilus coruscus	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius ops, known commonly as the Eye-spot blenny or the Yellow-eye combtooth-blenny in Indonesia, is a species of combtooth blenny the family Blenniidae.	Ecsenius ops	species
