Nontraditional Love is a dystopian novel written by the Russian writer Rafael Grugman and describes an alternative future where heterosexuality is outlawed .
The Venus of Konpara ( 1960 ) is a novel by John Masters which draws on an extreme version of the `` Aryan Invasion Theory '' model of ancient Indian history , according to which invading Aryan barbarians ruthlessly crushed underfoot the indigenous Dravidian peoples of the country , forcing them into the position of an oppressed underclass .
Freddy the Politician ( 1939 ) is the 6th book in the humorous children 's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese .
The Hundred and One Dalmatians , or the Great Dog Robbery is a 1956 children 's novel by Dodie Smith about the robbery of the titular family of 101 Dalmatian dogs .
Poor Murderer is a play written by Pavel Kohout that premiered at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on Broadway on 20 October 1976 and closed on 2 January 1977 after 87 performances .
Race Matters is a social sciences book by Cornel West .
With Bare Hands is Alain Robert 's autobiography , published in English in 2008 .
The Story of the Night is a novel by Irish novelist Colm Tóibín , set in Argentina in the 1980s where the main character , Richard , was born .
Hawkes Harbor ( ISBN 0 - 7653 - 0563 - 1 ) is a 2004 novel written by S. E. Hinton .
Death in the Andes ( Lituma en los Andes ) is a 1993 novel by the Nobel Prize - winning Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa .
The Cardinal of the Kremlin is a novel by Tom Clancy , featuring his character Jack Ryan .
Tales from Moominvalley ( Swedish : Det osynliga barnet och andra berättelser , literally `` The Invisible Child and other stories '' ) is the sixth book in the Moomin series by Finnish author , Tove Jansson .
Iron Sunrise is a 2004 hard science fiction novel by author Charles Stross , which follows the events in Singularity Sky .
Batman Animated is a coffee table book written by Paul Dini and designed by Chip Kidd , about the popular TV show , Batman :
Galactic North ( ISBN 0 - 575 - 07910-X , published by Gollancz ) is a collection of short stories by the science fiction author Alastair Reynolds .
La Grande Bretèche is a short story by Honoré de Balzac published in 1831 .
Chibi Vampire , originally released in Japan as Karin ( Japanese : かりん ) , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuna Kagesaki .
Star of the Guardians is a series of fantasy novels by Margaret Weis .
The first edition of University Physics was published by Mark Zemansky and Francis Sears in 1949 .
War at the Wall Street Journal is the first book released by author and journalist Sarah Ellison , published on May 12 , 2010 .
`` I See You Never '' is a short story by author Ray Bradbury .
The Oregon Experiment is a 1975 book by Christopher Alexander and collaborators Murray Silverstein , Shlomo Angel , Sara Ishikawa , and Denny Abrams .
Serpent 's Reach is a 1980 science fiction novel by the United States science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh .
Red Moon and Black Mountain : the End of the House of Kendreth is a fantasy novel by Joy Chant , the first of three set in her world of Vandarei .
The Mammoth Hunters is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel released in 1985 .
Arthur & George ( 2005 ) is the tenth novel by English author Julian Barnes which takes as its basis the true story of the `` Great Wyrley Outrages '' .
Welcome , Honourable Visitors ( French : Bienvenue honorables visiteurs ) is a 1958 novel by the French writer Jean Raspail .
The Enigma of Japanese Power is a political text book by Karel van Wolferen .
An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals ( EPM ) is a book by Scottish enlightenment philosopher David Hume .
Amaya o los vascos en el siglo VIII ( Amaya , or the Basques in the 8th century ) is a Romantic historical novel published in 1879 by Francisco Navarro - Villoslada , a noted novel by a Navarrese author .
Rewriting the Soul is a 1995 book by the Canadian philosopher Ian Hacking , who offers an account of the formative influences that shape people 's understandings of their lives and their understanding of the lives of those around them .
Ladies and Gentlemen , the Bible ! is a book written by author and radio presenter Jonathan Goldstein .
The Caine Mutiny is a 1951 Pulitzer Prize -- winning novel by Herman Wouk .
La Méprise ( Marivaux ) is a comedy in one act and in prose , written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux and first performed on August 6 , 1734 by the Comédie - Italienne at the théâtre of the Hôtel de Bourgogne .
Working with the Hands by Booker T. Washington is described by its author as a sequel to his classic Up From Slavery .
Maya the Bee ( German : Die Biene Maja ) is the main character in The Adventures of Maya the Bee , a German book , comic book series and animated television series , first written by Waldemar Bonsels and published in 1912 .
I Am My Own Wife is a play by Doug Wright based on his conversations with German Charlotte von Mahlsdorf .
Ang Huling Pagluha ( `` The Final Shedding of Tears '' ) was the first novel of Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed . Regalado that appeared on the pages of the Tagalog - language magazine Liwayway .
In a Glass Darkly is a collection of five short stories by Sheridan Le Fanu , first published in 1872 , the year before his death .
La Vita Nuova ( pronounced ( la ˈviːta ˈnwɔːva ) ; Italian for `` The New Life '' ) or Vita Nova ( Latin title ) is a text by Dante Alighieri published in 1295 .
The Praise Singer is a historical novel by Mary Renault first published in 1978 .
The Divine Heritage of the Yadavas ( in some sources , Yadavs ) is a book by Vithal Krishnaji Khedkar which describes a divine heritage from Krishna for those Hindu communities ( Jātis ) occupied with herding cattle and selling milk .
Turmoil in the Swaths ( French : Trouble dans les andains ) is a novel by the French writer Boris Vian .
Bruges - la - Morte ( French ; The Dead ( City of ) Bruges ) is a short novel by the Belgian author Georges Rodenbach , first published in 1892 .
`` Bard 's Oath '' is the third in the Dragonlord series by Joanne Bertin and was published in 2012 .
Hop on Pop ( ISBN 978 - 0 - 394 - 80029 - 5 ) is a 1963 children 's picture book by Dr. Seuss ( Theodor Seuss Geisel ) .
The Blade of the Courtesans is a historical fiction novel by Japanese author Keiichiro Ryu originally published in 1986 .
The Bride of Newgate , first published in 1950 , is a historical whodunnit novel by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr 's series detectives .
`` Ode to Youth '' ( Polish : `` Oda do młodości '' ) is an 1820 Polish poem by Adam Mickiewicz .
The Easy Sin is a 2002 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary .
The Concept of Nature in Marx ( German : Der Begriff der Natur in der Lehre von Marx ) is a 1962 book by Alfred Schmidt ( English edition 1971 ) , a classic account of Karl Marx 's ideas about nature .
A Town Like Alice ( United States title : The Legacy ) is an economic development and romance novel by Nevil Shute , published in 1950 when Shute had newly settled in Australia .
Black Alley ( 1996 ) is Mickey Spillane 's 13th novel featuring tougher - than - thou New York City private investigator Mike Hammer , and the last one he completed before his death in July 2006 .
Last Days of Summer is 1998 novel written by Steve Kluger .
The Keys to the Kingdom is a fantasy -- adventure book series written by Garth Nix , published in seven books between 2003 and 2010 .
Ghostwritten is the first novel published by the author David Mitchell .
The Sound and the Fury is a novel written by the American author William Faulkner .
Annihilation Factor is the second science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley , expanded from a 1964 short story ( `` The Patch '' ) originally published in New Worlds .
The Woman Hater is an early Jacobean era stage play , a comedy by Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher .
The Mountain Wreath ( Serbian : Горски вијенац / Gorski vijenac ) is a poem and a play , a masterpiece of Montenegrin literature , written by Prince - Bishop and poet Petar II Petrović - Njegoš .
Spaceship to Saturn is a juvenile science fiction novel , the tenth in Hugh Walters ' `` Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. '' series .
A Garden of Pomegranates is a 160-page book , written by Israel Regardie in 1931 .
Le Médecin volant ( The Flying Doctor ) is a French play by Molière , and his first , written in 1645 .
Arrow 's Fall is 1988 fantasy novel by Mercedes Lackey .
Once a Runner is a novel by American author John L. Parker Jr. and was first published in 1978 by Cedarwinds ( 0915297019 ) .
The book An Essay on the Principle of Population was first published in 1798 under the alias Joseph Johnson , but the author was soon identified as Thomas Robert Malthus .
Indelible is the fourth book in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter .
Constitution of the Duchy of Warsaw was promulgated by Napoleon on 22 July 1807 in Dresden .
Stanley Yelnats ' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake is a 2003 novel for young adults by Louis Sachar , first published by Yearling Books ( Random House ) .
The Practice of the Presence of God is a book of collected teachings of Brother Lawrence ( born Nicholas Herman ) , a 17th - century Carmelite monk , compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort .
Gerda malaperis ! ( English : Gerda Vanished ! ) is a novel written in Esperanto by Claude Piron of Switzerland .
The Reagan Diaries is an edited version of diaries written by President Ronald Reagan while in the White House .
The Heirs of Columbus is a 1991 novel by Gerald Vizenor that , in the face of the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus ' arrival in America , inverts the historical record by re - imagining Columbus as a descendant of Mayans and Sephardic Jews who now wants to return home , that is , to America .
The Middle Moffat by Eleanor Estes is the second novel in the children 's series known as The Moffats .
The Empire Trilogy is a collaborative trilogy of political fantasy novels written by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts .
Zlata 's Diary ( ISBN 0 - 14 - 024205 - 8 ) is a book by Zlata Filipović , who was a young girl living in Sarajevo while it was under siege .
The Three Impostors is an episodic novel by British horror fiction writer Arthur Machen , first published in 1895 in The Bodley Head 's Keynote Series .
Terra baixa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈtɛrə ˈβaʃə ) , meaning in English Lowlands , also known as Martha of the Lowlands ) is a Catalan - language play written by Àngel Guimerà in 1896 .
The Negro in the South , a book written in 1907 by sociologist W. E. B. Du Bois and educator Booker T. Washington , described the social history of African - American people in the southern United States .
Monica 's Story is the authorized biography of Monica Lewinsky , written by Andrew Morton .
Poor Things is a novel by Scottish writer Alasdair Gray , published in 1992 .
The Opener of the Way is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Robert Bloch .
Figgs & Phantoms is a comic young adult novel written and illustrated by Ellen Raskin and published by Dutton in 1974 .
The Haunted Woman is a dark , metaphysical fantasy novel by David Lindsay .
I 'm Not Rappaport is a play by Herb Gardner , which originally ran on Broadway in 1985 .
Italian Folktales ( Fiabe italiane ) is a collection of 200 Italian folktales published in 1956 by Italo Calvino .
A Scattered Life is a 2010 novel written by American author Karen McQuestion and published by AmazonEncore a division of Amazon Publishing .
Remarks on the Foundations of Mathematics ( German : Bemerkungen über die Grundlagen der Mathematik ) is a book of Ludwig Wittgenstein 's notes on the philosophy of mathematics .
The Heiligenstadt Testament is a letter written by Ludwig van Beethoven to his brothers Carl and Johann at Heiligenstadt ( today part of Vienna ) on 6 October 1802 .
The Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses ( Danish : Opbyggelige Taler ) , sometimes called the Eighteen Edifying Discourses , is a collection of discourses produced by Søren Kierkegaard during the years of 1843 and 1844 .
The Rez Sisters is a two - act play by Cree Canadian writer Tomson Highway , first performed on November 26 , 1986 , by Act IV Theatre Company and Native Earth Performing Arts .
Psychology of the Unconscious ( German : Wandlungen und Symbole der Libido ) is an early work of Carl Jung , first published in 1912 .
The Outcry is a novel by Henry James published in 1911 .
Three Junes is Julia Glass ' debut novel .
CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics is a bestselling book by American author Eric W. Weisstein .
Ruusulaakso ( Finnish for : Rose Valley ) is a novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio .
Pegasus in Flight ( 1990 ) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey set in her `` Talents Universe '' .
Sassafrass , Cypress & Indigo is a 1982 novel written by Ntozake Shange and first published by St. Martin 's Press .
The Thief 's Journal ( Journal du voleur ) is perhaps Jean Genet 's most famous work .
Freedom from the Known is a book by Jiddu Krishnamurti ( 1895 - -1986 ) , originally published 1969 .
Vincent in Brixton is a 2003 play by Nicholas Wright .
The Doll and One Other is a collection of two fantasy and horror novelettes by author Algernon Blackwood .
The Holdfast Chronicles is a series of books by American feminist science fiction author Suzy McKee Charnas .
How Music Works is a non - fiction book by David Byrne , a musician , writer , and public figure best known for his work with the group Talking Heads .
Bud , Not Buddy is a children 's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis , published in 1999 .
Sarraceniaceae of South America is a monograph on the pitcher plants of the genus Heliamphora by Stewart McPherson , Andreas Wistuba , Andreas Fleischmann , and Joachim Nerz .
God Makes the Rivers to Flow is an anthology of spiritual texts for use in meditation , assembled by Eknath Easwaran .
The Open Software License ( OSL ) is a software license created by Lawrence Rosen .
The Dancers at the End of Time is a series of science fiction novels and short stories written by Michael Moorcock , the setting of which is the End of Time , an era `` where entropy is king and the universe has begun collapsing upon itself '' .
The Instruction of Hardjedef , also known as the Teaching of Hordedef and Teaching of Djedefhor , belongs to the didactic literature of the Egyptian Old Kingdom .
News of a Kidnapping ( original Spanish title : Noticia de un secuestro ) is a non - fiction book by Gabriel García Márquez .
Dragon and Thief is a science fiction / adventure novel published in 2003 by Timothy Zahn .
December Park is a coming of age / bildungsroman suspense novel written by Ronald Malfi .
Doctor Copernicus is a novel by John Banville , first published in 1976 .
Edge of Dark Water is a murder / mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
Revolutionary Suicide is an autobiography written by Huey P. Newton , co - founder and leader of the Black Panther Party ( BPP ) .
Generation Dead is a young adult supernatural romance novel by Daniel Waters .
Planet News is a book of poetry written by Allen Ginsberg and published by City Lights .
Bouvard et Pécuchet is an unfinished satirical work by Gustave Flaubert , published in 1881 after his death in 1880 .
The Love and Death of Cornet Christopher Rilke is a prose poem written by Rainer Maria Rilke in 1899 , revised in 1906 , and published in 1912 .
Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs is a fiction book by Michael Gerard Bauer , released in 2007 .
Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by R. K. Narayan , set in and around the fictitious town of Malgudi in South India .
Ancestors of Avalon is a 2004 historical fantasy novel written by Diana L. Paxson , and based on an idea of the late Marion Zimmer Bradley .
The Amalgamation Polka ( 2006 ) is the fourth novel by writer Stephen Wright .
Seveneves is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson , published in 2015 .
Señor Saint is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris that first appeared in The Saint Detective Magazine .
Hey Nostradamus ! is a novel by Douglas Coupland centred on a fictional 1988 school shooting in suburban Vancouver , British Columbia and its aftermath .
The World of William Clissold is a 1926 novel by H. G. Wells published initially in three volumes .
Memoirs of Many in One is a 1986 novel by Patrick White , in which White is taken to be editing the papers of a fictional Alex Gray .
The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari is a book about the development of character and discipline in life , written by Robin Sharma , a writer and leadership guru .
Companion Piece is an original novella written by Robert Perry and Mike Tucker and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Star Over Bethlehem is an illustrated book of poetry and short stories on a religious theme by crime writer Agatha Christie .
Meredith and Co. is a classic children 's novel with a school setting by George Mills .
The Peoples of Middle - earth ( 1996 ) is the 12th and final volume of The History of Middle - earth , edited by Christopher Tolkien from the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien .
Half - Broken Things is a 2003 psychological thriller novel by English author Morag Joss .
`` Super - Neutron '' is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov , originally published in the September 1941 issue of Astonishing Stories , and included in the 1972 collection The Early Asimov .
Gilgamesh the King is a 1984 historical novel by Robert Silverberg presenting the Epic of Gilgamesh as a novel .
Designing Economic Mechanisms is a 2006 book by economists Leonid Hurwicz and Stanley Reiter .
The Perfectionist is a play by David Williamson about an academic who is working on a PhD.
The Acid House is a 1994 book by Irvine Welsh , later made into a film of the same name .
The Housing Boom and Bust is a non - fiction book written by Thomas Sowell about the United States housing bubble and following subprime mortgage crisis .
The Encyclopédie française was a French encyclopedia designed by Anatole de Monzie and Lucien Febvre .
Levels of the Game is a 1969 book by John McPhee , nominally about tennis and tennis players , but exploring deeper issues as well .
My Life in Art is the autobiography of the Russian actor and theatre director Constantin Stanislavski .
Taming the Star Runner ( 1988 ) is a young adult coming - of - age novel written by S. E. Hinton , author of The Outsiders .
Shadow Patriots is 2005 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson .
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao ( 2007 ) is a novel written by Dominican American author Junot Díaz .
Looking for Alaska is John Green 's first novel , published in March 2005 by Dutton Juvenile .
Requiem for a Nun is a work of fiction written by William Faulkner which was first published in 1951 .
Ender 's Game is a 1985 military science fiction novel by American author Orson Scott Card .
`` The Complexity of Songs '' was a journal article published by computer scientist Donald Knuth in 1977 , as an in - joke about computational complexity theory .
Me Talk Pretty One Day , published in 2000 , is a bestselling collection of essays by American humorist David Sedaris .
The Secret Hide - Out is a children 's novel written and illustrated by children 's author John Peterson , who also created The Littles .
Anita and Me is Meera Syal 's debut novel , and was first published in 1996 .
Premium Harmony is a 3,700-word short story by American author Stephen King .
The Only Witness by Jude Watson is the seventeenth in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice .
The Treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire is a book written by the Viscount Bryce and Arnold J. Toynbee that contains a compilation of statements from eyewitnesses of Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Sweden , and Switzerland who witnessed the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire during 1915 - 1916 .
Le Génie des alpages is a comic book series by French comics creator , F'Murr .
Traveller Wedding is a 2009 novel by Irish filmmaker Graham Jones .
The Imperial Presidency by Arthur M. Schlesinger , Jr. , is a book published in 1973 by Houghton Mifflin .
Open Secrets ( ISBN 0 - 099 - 45971-X ) is a book of short stories by Alice Munro published by McClelland and Stewart in 1994 .
Trueman Bradley is a fictional character in a series of detective novels written by Alexei Maxim Russell .
The Blackhouse is the first novel of The Lewis Trilogy by Scottish writer Peter May.
Our Game ( term similar to the Great Game ) is a novel by John le Carré published in 1995 .
Povídky malostranské ( in English : Tales of the Lesser Quarter ) is a collection of short stories by the Czech writer Jan Neruda that appeared in 1877 .
No Exit ( French : Huis Clos , pronounced : ( ɥi klo ) ) is a 1944 existentialist French play by Jean - Paul Sartre .
Busabos ng Palad ( Pauper of Fate or The Wretched ) is a Tagalog - language novel written by Filipino novelist Faustino Aguilar in 1909 .
Do n't Dress for Dinner is a two - act play by French playwright Marc Camoletti , who wrote the farce Boeing - Boeing .
Dragonwings is a children 's historical novel by Laurence Yep , published by Harper & Row in 1975 .
Camelot 3000 is an American twelve - issue comic book limited series written by Mike W. Barr and penciled by Brian Bolland .
Montezuma 's Daughter , first published in 1893 , is a novel written by the Victorian adventure writer H. Rider Haggard .
Under the Mountain is a 1979 children 's book by New Zealand writer Maurice Gee .
Beastly Tales is a 1991 collection of ten fables in poetry written by Vikram Seth ( UK ISBN 978 - 0 - 7538 - 1034 - 7 , also US ISBN 978 - 0 - 7538 - 0774 - 3 ) .
`` The Portrait of Mr. W. H. '' is a story written by Oscar Wilde , first published in Blackwood 's Magazine in 1889 .
The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern is the second novel in Lilian Jackson Braun 's `` The Cat Who ... '' series , published in 1967 .
More Things in Heaven is a science fiction novel written by John Brunner and based in part on an earlier work , The Astronauts Must Not Land copyrighted in 1963 by Ace Books , revised version published in 1973 by Dell Books .
The VALIS trilogy is a set of science fiction / philosophical novels by author Philip K. Dick which include VALIS ( 1978 ) , The Divine Invasion ( 1980 ) , and The Owl in Daylight ( unfinished / unpublished ) .
Earthborn ( 1995 ) is the concluding fifth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
The Book of the Short Sun ( 1999 - -2001 ) is a series of three science fantasy novels or one three - volume novel by the American author Gene Wolfe .
What Will Fat Cat Sit On ? is a 2007 children 's picture book by Jan Thomas .
Pieces of Time is a 1973 book by Peter Bogdanovich consisting of a collection of writings by Bogdanovich on film , including pieces he had previously done for Esquire .
Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book written by Gail Carson Levine and published in 1997 .
Proust and Signs ( French : Marcel Proust et les signes ) is a 1964 book by Gilles Deleuze in which he explores the system of signs within the work of the celebrated French novelist Marcel Proust .
The History of Henry Esmond is a historical novel by William Makepeace Thackeray , originally published in 1852 .
Sex and Character ( German : Geschlecht und Charakter ) is a book published in 1903 by Otto Weininger .
America Is in the Heart , sometimes subtitled A Personal History , is a 1946 semi - autobiographical novel written by Filipino American immigrant poet , fiction writer , short story teller , and activist , Carlos Bulosan .
The Bounty Trilogy is a book comprising three novels by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall .
Liolà ( Italian pronunciation : ( ljoˈla ) ) is an Italian stage play written by Luigi Pirandello , which takes place in 19th century Sicily .
Ink Exchange is an urban fantasy novel written by Melissa Marr .
Cathedral of the Sea is a historical novel by Spanish author Ildefonso Falcones .
Lyre and Sword ( Ger . , Leyer und Schwerdt , modern spelling , Leier und Schwert ) is a collection of patriotic poetry by Theodor Körner ( 1791 - 1813 ) , which first appeared posthumously in 1814 , consisting mostly of poems from the last year of his life .
W , or the Memory of Childhood ( French : W ou le souvenir d'enfance ) , is a semi - autobiographical work of fiction by Georges Perec , published in 1975 .
Parerga and Paralipomena ( Greek for `` Appendices '' and `` Omissions '' , respectively ; German : Parerga und Paralipomena ) is a collection of philosophical reflections by Arthur Schopenhauer published in 1851 .
Die schwarzen Brüder ( English : The Black Brothers ) is the best - known story of German writer Lisa Tetzner and one of the most widely read children 's books in the world .
Michelle Remembers is a book published in 1980 co - written by Canadian psychiatrist Lawrence Pazder and his psychiatric patient ( and eventual wife ) Michelle Smith .
Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers is a Japanese American - Hawaiian adult fiction novel by Lois - Ann Yamanaka .
Ayodhya 6 December 1992 ( ISBN 0 - 670 - 05858 - 0 ) is a book written by P. V. Narasimha Rao and published on 1 August 2006 , the tenth Prime Minister of India .
The Collapsium is a 2000 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy , the first in the Queendom of Sol series .
The Girls ' Guide to Hunting and Fishing is a 1999 collection of linked short stories by Melissa Bank .
`` The Jewbird '' is a short story by the Jewish - American writer Bernard Malamud .
TimeTripper is a series of science fiction books by Stefan Petrucha .
Sikyonios or Sikyonioi ( Greek : Σικυῶνιος/Σικυῶνιοι ) , translated as The Sicyonian(s ) or The Man from Sicyon , is an Ancient Greek comedy by Menander .
The Long Earth is the first novel in a collaborative science fiction series by British authors Terry Pratchett and Stephen Baxter .
The Romance of Atlantis is a fantasy novel by Taylor Caldwell about the ancient , erudite , and very advanced civilisation of Atlantis .
The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) published a special report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation ( SRREN ) on May 9 , 2011 .
From Wimbledon to Waco is a 1995 travelogue book written by Nigel Williams describing his family 's first visit to the United States .
The Ghost Drum is a children 's fantasy novel by Susan Price , published by Faber in 1987 , and the first book in the Ghost World trilogy ( 1987 to 1995 ) .
The Swallows and Amazons series is a series of twelve children 's books by English author Arthur Ransome , named after the title of the first book in the series and set between the two World Wars .
State of Fear is a 2004 techno - thriller novel by Michael Crichton in which eco - terrorists plot mass murder to publicize the danger of global warming .
`` Foster , You 're Dead ! '' is a 1955 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick .
Time 's Champion is a work of Doctor Who fan fiction , written by Chris McKeon on the basis of an original novel outline by Craig Hinton , and incorporating fragments of text written by Hinton before his death .
Elephant Run is a young adult historical novel by Roland Smith , first published in 2007 .
Enemies & Allies is a 2009 novel by American science fiction author Kevin J. Anderson .
Rosarium Virginis Mariae ( English : Rosary of the Virgin Mary ) is an Apostolic Letter by Pope John Paul II , issued on October 16 , 2002 , which declared October 2002 to October 2003 the `` Year of the Rosary '' .
Schopenhauer 's Telescope is the debut novel of Irish novelist and poet Gerard Donovan .
Dark Quetzal is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts , first published in 2003 by The Chicken House .
The Possibility of an Island ( French : La Possibilité d'une île ) is a 2005 novel by French novelist Michel Houellebecq , set within a cloning cult that resembles the real - world Raëlians .
The Red Queen 's Race is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov that uses the Red Queen 's race from Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking - Glass as a metaphor for the final plot twist .
The Important Book is a 1949 children 's picture book written by Margaret Wise Brown and illustrated by Leonard Weisgard .
Carpenter 's Gothic is the title of the third novel by William Gaddis , published in 1985 by Viking .
Confessions of a Video Vixen is a memoir written by Karrine Steffans which details the first 25 years of her life .
The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond is G. K. Chesterton 's final collection of detective stories , published after his death in 1936 .
`` The End of the Whole Mess '' is a short science fiction story by Stephen King which was first published in Omni Magazine in 1986 , and in 1993 was collected in King 's Nightmares & Dreamscapes .
An Essay in Aid of a Grammar of Assent ( commonly abbreviated to the last three words ) is John Henry Newman 's book on the philosophy of faith , his seminal work .
The Undersea Trilogy is a series of three Science Fiction novels by authors Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson .
La Vie de Bohème ( full title in French , Scènes de la vie de bohème ) is a work by Henri Murger , published in 1851 .
She and Allan is a novel by H. Rider Haggard , first published in 1921 .
The Universe in a Nutshell is one of Stephen Hawking 's books on theoretical physics .
Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow , published in 1886 , is a collection of humorous essays by Jerome K. Jerome .
Rousing Call to Hindu Nation or Swami Vivekananda 's Rousing Call to Hindu Nation ( 1963 ) is a compilation of Indian Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda 's writings and speeches edited by Eknath Ranade the leader of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh .
The Darkroom of Damocles ( Dutch : De donkere kamer van Damokles ) is a war novel by the Dutch writer Willem Frederik Hermans , published in 1958 .
The Discworld Almanak is a spin - off book from Terry Pratchett 's Discworld novels , in a similar format to the Diaries and Nanny Ogg 's Cookbook .
The Young Manhood of Studs Lonigan is a 1934 novel by James T. Farrell , and the second part of Farrell 's trilogy based on the life of William `` Studs '' Lonigan .
An Antarctic Mystery ( French : Le Sphinx des glaces , The Sphinx of the Ice Fields ) is a two - volume novel by Jules Verne .
Suzuki Beane is a humor book written in 1961 by Sandra Scoppettone and illustrated by Louise Fitzhugh .
Children of the Jedi is a 1995 bestselling fictional Star Wars novel written by Barbara Hambly .
The World 's Greatest Super - Heroes is the name to the oversized slipcased hardcover collection , consisting of six oversized graphic novels all created by writer Paul Dini and artist Alex Ross .
The Ozmapolitan of Oz is a 1986 novel written and illustrated by Dick Martin .
The God of Animals is the debut novel by Aryn Kyle first published in 2007 .
Sinister Barrier is an English language science fiction novel by author Eric Frank Russell .
Indigo Vertigo is a 48-page graphic novella , written by KatieJane Garside and illustrated by Dogwitch creator , Daniel Schaffer .
Lord Randy , My Son is a short story by Joe L. Hensley from Harlan Ellison 's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions .
Socialism or Barbarism is a book about globalism , U.S. socialism and capitalist systems by Hungarian Marxist philosopher and Professor Emeritus István Mészáros .
The Heechee are a fictional alien race from the science fiction works of Frederik Pohl .
My Cousin , My Gastroenterologist is a postmodernist / absurdist book written by Mark Leyner , published by Vintage Contemporaries in 1990 .
Garan the Eternal is a collection of short fiction by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton .
Fatal Revenant is the second novel by Stephen R. Donaldson in the four book series The Last Chronicles of Thomas Covenant .
I Spit on Your Graves ( French : J'irai cracher sur vos tombes ) is a 1946 crime novel by the French writer Boris Vian , published under the pseudonym Vernon Sullivan .
Girl Online is the debut novel by English author and internet celebrity Zoe Sugg , released on 25 November 2014 through Penguin Books .
From the Teeth of Angels is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll , first published in 1994 .
Demain dès l'aube is one of French writer Victor Hugo 's most famous poems .
Telephone Poles is the second book of poetry written by American writer John Updike .
The Boy Who Cried Fabulous ( Tricycle Press , March 2004 ISBN 1 - 58246 - 101 - 5 ) is a children 's book by Lesléa Newman and is illustrated by Peter Ferguson .
Economics and the Public Purpose is a 1973 book by Harvard economist John Kenneth Galbraith .
Almost a Revolution is an autobiography by the Chinese democracy movement leader Shen Tong , written with former Washington Post writer Marianne Yen .
The Horns of Elfland is a 1997 fantasy anthology edited by Ellen Kushner , Delia Sherman and Donald G. Keller .
`` A Little Something Special '' is a comic book story created by Don Rosa to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Scrooge McDuck 's first appearance in Carl Barks 's `` Christmas on Bear Mountain '' in 1947 .
Tim the Tiny Horse at Large is a book of stories for children written and illustrated by comedian Harry Hill and published in 2008 .
An Analytic History of Persian Modern Poetry ( Persian : تاریخ تحلیلی شعر نو‎ ) is a research work on Persian contemporary poetry by Shams Langeroodi , first published in 1998 .
The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole , Margaret Hilda Roberts and Susan Lillian Townsend is the third book in the Adrian Mole series , written by Sue Townsend .
Jeff , One Lonely Guy is a 2012 nonfiction book by Jeff Ragsdale .
The War of the Flowers is a fantasy novel by Tad Williams about a rocker who is drawn into a magical world while reading a book .
Scratch One is Michael Crichton 's second novel to be published .
The Stone Monkey is a novel by crime writer Jeffery Deaver .
The Frozen Deep is an 1856 play , originally staged as an amateur theatrical , written by Wilkie Collins under the substantial guidance of Charles Dickens .
The Wavewatcher 's Companion is a 2010 science book by Gavin Pretor - Pinney .
Parliament of Whores is an international best - selling political humor book by P. J. O'Rourke published by Atlantic Monthly Press in 1991 .
The Quincunx ( The Inheritance of John Huffam ) is the epic first novel of Charles Palliser .
A Chancer is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 1985 .
Between Foxrock and a Hard Place is a 2010 play by Paul Howard , as part of the Ross O'Carroll - Kelly series .
The Final Circle of Paradise ( Russian : Хищные вещи века , literally Predatory Things of the Century ) is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky ( also spelled Strugatski or Strugatskii ) set in the first half of the 21st century .
Tales of a Wayside Inn is a collection of poems by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
`` Mimsy Were the Borogoves '' is a science fiction short story by Lewis Padgett ( a pseudonym of Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore ) that was originally published in the February 1943 issue of Astounding Science Fiction Magazine .
People of the Pear Tree is a 1993 novel by Eurasian Singaporean writer Rex Shelley , which tells the story of a Eurasian family , the Pereras , during the Japanese Occupation of Singapore and Malaya .
The Open Letter to Hobbyists was a 1976 open letter written by Bill Gates , the co - founder of Microsoft , to early personal computer hobbyists , in which Gates expresses dismay at the rampant copyright infringement of software taking place in the hobbyist community , particularly with regard to his company 's software .
Jumpers is a play by Tom Stoppard which was first performed in 1972 .
The Crack - Up ( 1945 ) is a collection of essays by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald .
Zone One is a 2011 The New York Times best - selling novel by African American author Colson Whitehead .
Juggler of Worlds ( 2008 ) is the sequel novel to Fleet of Worlds by Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner .
Love in the Ruins ( subtitle : The Adventures of a Bad Catholic at a Time Near the End of the World ) is a novel of speculative or science fiction by author Walker Percy from 1971 .
Writing Drama ( French : La dramaturgie ) is a treatise by French writer and filmmaker Yves Lavandier , originally published in 1994 , revised in 1997 , 2004 , 2008 , 2011 and 2014 .
The Roots of Coincidence is a 1972 book by Arthur Koestler , an introduction to theories of parapsychology , including extrasensory perception and psychokinesis .
Pure Moxie is a memoir by Leda Sanford , the first female publisher of a major national magazine .
Aunt Louisa 's Oft Told Tales is a book by Laura Valentine released in the 1870s and containing an abridged version of Robinson Crusoe as well as `` Children in the Wood '' , `` Hare and Tortoise '' and some other stories .
The Moralia ( Ancient Greek : Ἠθικά Ethika ; loosely translated as `` Morals '' or `` Matters relating to customs and mores '' ) of the 1st - century Greek scholar Plutarch of Chaeronea is an eclectic collection of 78 essays and transcribed speeches .
Why Kings and Queens Do n't Wear Crowns is a fairytale written by Princess Märtha Louise of Norway and released as a children 's book in the US in 2005 .
Clonk Clonk is one of three novellas by William Golding , published together under the title The Scorpion God in 1971 .
The Story of a Year is the title of a short story by American writer Henry James that first appeared in the March 1865 issue of the Atlantic Monthly .
Butterfly Burning is a novel written by Zimbabwean writer Yvonne Vera .
Disordered Minds ( 2003 ) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters .
The Law of Enclosures is a 1996 novel by Dale Peck , which was adapted into the 1999 film The Law of Enclosures by Canadian director John Greyson .
Angle of Repose is a 1971 novel by Wallace Stegner about a wheelchair - using historian , Lyman Ward , who has lost connection with his son and living family and decides to write about his frontier - era grandparents .
La Cousine Bette ( French pronunciation : ​(la kuzin bɛt ) , Cousin Bette ) is an 1846 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac .
Pitcher Plants of the Old World is a two - volume monograph by Stewart McPherson on the pitcher plants of the genera Nepenthes and Cephalotus .
The Worthing series is the series of books by Orson Scott Card .
Anastasia , Ask Your Analyst ( 1984 ) is a young - adult novel by Lois Lowry .
Le Cabinet des Antiques ( The Cabinet of Antiquities ) is a French novel published by Honoré de Balzac in 1838 under the title les Rivalités en province ( Rivalries in the provinces ) in le Constitutionnel , then published as a work in its own right in 1838 by the Souverain publishing house .
The Advancement of Learning ( full title : Of the Proficience and Advancement of Learning , Divine and Human ) is a 1605 book by Francis Bacon .
Running with the Demon is the first book in the Word & Void fantasy series , written by Terry Brooks as a prequel to his Shannara series .
Paul Kelver is a 1902 autobiographical novel by Jerome K. Jerome ( best known for Three Men in a Boat ) .
Toward a Feminist Theory of the State is a 1989 book about feminist political theory by Catharine MacKinnon .
Speeches for Doctor Frankenstein is a poetry collection written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood , published in 1966 .
Skinner 's Room is a short story by William Gibson originally composed for Visionary San Francisco , a 1990 museum exhibition exploring the future of San Francisco .
The Harriers is a 1991 anthology of shared world short stories , edited by Gordon R. Dickson .
Lou ! is a French comic book series and animated television series created by Julien Neel .
Tokyo Tribes , known in Japanese as Tokyo Tribe2 ( トウキョウ トライブ トゥー Tōkyō Toraibu Tū ) , is a seinen manga series by Santa Inoue .
I Killed the Count is a 1937 play by Alec Coppel .
Anti - Dühring ( German : Herrn Eugen Dührings Umwälzung der Wissenschaft ) is a book by Friedrich Engels , first published in German in 1878 .
Dubliners is a collection of fifteen short stories by James Joyce , first published in 1914 .
The Dream - Quest of Unknown Kadath is a novella by H. P. Lovecraft ( 1890 - -1937 ) .
The New Road is a historical novel by the Scottish writer Neil Munro , which was adapted as a television serial by the BBC .
Agrippa ( A Book of the Dead ) is a work of art created by science fiction novelist William Gibson , artist Dennis Ashbaugh and publisher Kevin Begos Jr. in 1992 .
These Three Remain is a 2005 historical Romance novel by Pamela Aidan .
The Pound Era ( ISBN 0520024273 ) is a book by Hugh Kenner , published in 1971 .
The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy - adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan published in 2006 .
The Country Attorney is a 1787 comic play by the British writer Richard Cumberland .
Law , Legislation and Liberty is the 1973 magnum opus in three volumes by Nobel laureate economist and political philosopher Friedrich Hayek .
Bush at War is a 2002 book by Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward recounting President George W. Bush 's responses to the September 11 attacks and his administration 's handling of the subsequent War in Afghanistan .
The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1953 play written by John Patrick adapted from the 1951 novel by Vern Sneider .
The Book of Jonas is a 2012 debut literary novel by American writer Stephen Dau .
The Thief and the Dogs ( Arabic : اللص والكلاب‎ ; El - lis 's wal - kilab ) is one of the Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz 's most celebrated works .
James Petiver ( c.1665 - -1718 ) was a London apothecary , a Fellow of the Royal Society as well as London 's informal Temple Coffee House Botany Club , famous for his study of botany and entomology .
In 2001 , Richard Bunn was awarded the Olympic Order by the IOC for his efforts in promoting sports : `` responsible for negotiating major contracts with the International Federations and overseeing the coordination of the Olympic Movement with the EBU for the past 22 years . ''
Harry B. Cohen , CM , LLD ( 1912 -- July 9 , 1990 ) , was a Canadian entrepreneur , community builder , philanthropist , and Member of the Order of Canada .
Captain Jerauld Wright received the Silver Star in recognition of his participation in the towing of the Canberra and Houston back to Uliti .
Casey Loomis served in the United States Marine Corps during World War I. He would be awarded the Navy Cross , the Distinguished Service Cross , and the Silver Star .
Soumya Swaminathan ( born 21 March 1989 ) is a chess player and Woman Grandmaster from India .
Marc Esserman ( born July 28 , 1983 ) is an American chess player with the title of International Master .
Nina Sorokina ( Russian : Нина Ивановна Сорокина ) ( 13 May 1942 -- 8 October 2011 ) was a Russian principal dancer of the Bolshoi Ballet and a 1987 People 's Artist of the USSR recipient .
Lena Frances Edwards ( September 17 , 1900 -- December 3 , 1986 ) was a New Jersey physician who was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Karen Asrian ( Armenian : Կարեն Ասրյան ) ( 24 April 1980 -- 9 June 2008 ) was an Armenian chess Grandmaster .
Kalpanthe Sihinayak is a dramatic romantic movie directed by Channa Perera .
The film stars Fernando Fernán Gómez as Leopoldo de Gregorio , Marquis of Esquilache .
Himmel , Amor und Zwirn is a 1960 West German comedy film directed by Ulrich Erfurth and starring Hartmut Reck , Ann Smyrner , Grit Boettcher , Hannelore Schroth and Elke Sommer .
Thakka Thakka ( English : Attack Attack ) is an 2015 Indian Tamil action drama film written and directed by Sanjeev , whose younger brother Vikranth plays the lead role .
Her Grave Mistake is a 1914 silent Western film featuring Lon Chaney .
Battle at Bloody Beach , ( aka Battle on the Beach ) , is a 1961 drama directed by Herbert Coleman , starring Audie Murphy and Gary Crosby .
Stories USA ( released on DVD as American Breakdown ) compiles six cinematic stories about desperate lives in America , starring many of the world 's top actors including Josh Hartnett , Steve Carell , James Gandolfini , Scott Caan and directed by seven different directors including Paul Carafotes .
Mr. Moto in Danger Island is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Peter Lorre , Jean Hersholt and Amanda Duff .
The World 's Applause is a 1923 American silent film drama starring Bebe Daniels .
On the Brink of Paradise ( German : Auf den Trümmern des Paradieses ) is a 1920 German 90-minute film directed by Josef Stein and featuring Carl de Vogt in the title role of Kara Ben Nemsi .
Chalo Ishq Ladaaye ( Hindi : चलो इशक़ लड़ायें ( Come , Let 's Fall In Love ) ) is a 2002 Indian film comedy directed by Aziz Sejawal , starring Govinda and Rani Mukerji .
Help , My Bride Steals ( German : Hilfe , meine Braut klaut ) is a 1964 Austrian - West German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Peter Alexander , Cornelia Froboess and Gunther Philipp .
Miracles for Sale is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Tod Browning , and starring Robert Young and Florence Rice .
The Keith Barret Show is a spoof BBC chat show hosted by Keith Barret ( Rob Brydon ) who interviews celebrity couples in the hope of finding the secret to a successful marriage ( though in fact many of his interviewee couples were not married ; see below ) .
Oru Kanniyum Moonu Kalavaanikalum ( English : A virgin and three thieves ) is a 2014 Tamil fantasy - comedy film directed by Chimbu Deven , and starring Arulnithi , Bindu Madhavi , and Bagavathi Perumal .
Flesh and Fantasy is a 1943 American anthology film directed by Julien Duvivier , starring Edward G. Robinson , Charles Boyer and Barbara Stanwyck .
Salty Air ( Italian : L'aria salata ) is a 2006 Italian drama film written and directed by Alessandro Angelini and starring Giorgio Pasotti , Giorgio Colangeli and Michela Cescon .
Kutti Puli ( Tamil : குட்டிப்புலி ; English : Young Tiger ) is a 2013 Tamil action drama film directed by Muthaiah , starring M. Sasikumar and Lakshmi Menon in the lead .
The Rise of Susan is a 1916 American silent film made by the Peerless Film Company and distributed by World Film which starred Clara Kimball Young .
A Weekend with Lulu is a 1961 British comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Bob Monkhouse , Leslie Phillips , Alfred Marks , and Shirley Eaton .
Rumble in the Bronx , is a 1995 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film starring Jackie Chan and Anita Mui .
The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon ( also known as The Philadelphia Phenomenon ) is a 1998 television movie starring Tony Danza from Walt Disney Pictures .
New Delhi Times is 1986 Hindi film directed by Romesh Sharma and written by Gulzar , starring Shashi Kapoor , Sharmila Tagore , Om Puri and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in lead roles .
If They Tell You I Fell ( Spanish : Si te dicen que caí ) is a 1989 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda , starring Jorge Sanz and Victoria Abril .
Private Snuffy Smith is a 1942 American film directed by Edward F. Cline and starring Bud Duncan as Snuffy Smith .
The Black Panther Warriors is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring an ensemble cast of Alan Tang , Brigitte Lin , Simon Yam , Tony Leung , Dicky Cheung and Carrie Ng .
I , Claudia is a one - woman play starring Kristen Thomson , which was adapted into a movie , shown on CBC 's Opening Night and at the Toronto International Film Festival .
Bada Kabutar ( meaning `` Big Pigeon '' ) is a 1973 Bollywood action comedy film produced and directed by Deven Verma .
Lovers of Six Years ( Hangul : 6년째 연애중 ; RR : 6nyeonjjae Yeonaejung ) is a 2008 South Korean film starring Kim Ha - neul and Yoon Kye - sang as a couple in their late twenties who 've been dating for six years , whose relationship faces difficult new tests .
The Loves of Mary , Queen of Scots is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton , Gerald Ames and Ivan Samson .
For her role of Claretta Petacci , Claudia Cardinale was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Actress .
Charlie Chan at the Race Track is the 12th film in the 20th Century Fox - produced Charlie Chan series starring Warner Oland in the title role .
Throw Momma from the Train is a 1987 American black comedy film directed by and starring Danny DeVito in his directorial feature film debut .
Kamal Haasan choreographed a song for Jayalalithaa and himself in Anbu Thangai .
The Girl from Petrovka is a 1974 feature film starring Goldie Hawn and Hal Holbrook , based on the novel by George Feifer .
I Saw What You Did is a 1965 American horror film released by Universal Pictures and starring Joan Crawford and John Ireland .
Zakhmi Aurat is a 1988 Indian Hindi movie starring Dimple Kapadia and Raj Babbar and directed by Avtar Bhogal .
Chakravarthi Thirumagal ( Tamil : சக்ரவர்த்தி திருமகள் ) is a Tamil language Folklore film starring M. G. Ramachandran , Anjali Devi and S. Varalakshmi in the lead roles .
Velaikaran ( Tamil : வேலைக்காரன் ; English : Servant ) is a 1987 Indian Tamil action - comedy film directed by SP . Muthuraman , starring Rajinikanth , Sarath Babu and Amala .
Sex in Chains ( German : Geschlecht in Fesseln -- Die Sexualnot der Strafgefangenen ) is a 1928 silent film directed by William Dieterle .
Greetings from Tim Buckley is a 2012 American film directed by Daniel Algrant starring Penn Badgley and Imogen Poots .
Torna ! ( i.e. `` Come Back ! '' ) is a 1953 Italian melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Amedeo Nazzari and Yvonne Sanson .
Watch Out , We 're Mad ! ( Italian : ... altrimenti ci arrabbiamo ! ) is a 1974 Italian action comedy starring the comedy team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer .
Buk Fatey To Mukh Foteyna is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Bodiul Alam Khokan , starring Shakib Khan , Apu Biswas and Rumana .
Margin for Error is a 1943 American drama film directed by Otto Preminger .
Open Graves is a 2009 horror film directed by Álvaro de Armiñán and written by Bruce A. Taylor and Roderick Taylor , the film stars Eliza Dushku , Mike Vogel , Naike Rivelli and Lindsay Robba .
The women who want to see the conflict finally ended use a trick to make their husbands comply : led by the Feminist Lisístrata ( Maribel Verdú ) , they barricade themselves on the Acropolis , where the Athenian treasure is kept , and refuse to have sex with their husbands until peace is restored .
It 's Nifty in the Navy ( Danish : Flådens friske fyre ) is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Dirch Passer .
Shadow Conspiracy is a 1997 American political thriller film starring Charlie Sheen , Donald Sutherland , Linda Hamilton and Sam Waterston .
The Teckman Mystery is a 1954 black and white British mystery film directed by Wendy Toye and starring Margaret Leighton , John Justin , Roland Culver and Michael Medwin .
Sweet Savior is a 1971 film starring Troy Donahue as a Charles Manson - type cult leader .
Şafak Bekçileri is a 1963 Turkish drama film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Göksel Arsoy , Leyla Sayar , and Nilüfer Aydan .
On the Avenue is a 1937 American musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Dick Powell , Madeleine Carroll , Alice Faye , George Barbier , and The Ritz Brothers .
Mosquito Squadron is a 1969 British war film made by Oakmont Productions , directed by Boris Sagal and starring David McCallum , with a memorable music score ( starting with 29 pounding bass drum beats to background the V-1 flying - bomb theme of the film ) , which was composed and conducted by Frank Cordell .
Aadavaallu Meeku Joharlu is a 1981 Telugu - language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander , starring Krishnam Raju , Jayasudha , Bhanu Chander and Chiranjeevi plays a guest role towards the climax .
The Heart Specialist is a romantic comedy film starring Wood Harris , Zoe Saldana , Brian J. White , and Mýa .
Confessions of an Action Star is an American action comedy mockumentary starring David Leitch , Angelina Jolie , Carrie - Anne Moss , Hugo Weaving , Eric Roberts , Dax Shepard , Debbie Allen , Lee Arenberg and directed by Brad Martin .
29th and Gay is a 2005 comedy film from Daisy 3 Pictures directed by Carrie Preston and starring James Vasquez , Nicole Marcks , David McBean , Mike Doyle , and Annie Hinton .
Brotherhood of Justice is a 1986 American television film starring Keanu Reeves , Billy Zane , Kiefer Sutherland , and Lori Loughlin .
Follow Kadri , Not Your Heart ( Turkish : Kadri'nin Götürdüğü Yere Git ) is a 2009 Turkish comedy film , directed by Onur Tan , starring Şafak Sezer as a man who goes on holiday to get over being dumped , only to find his ex at the same hotel .
Fairground People ( German : Die vom Rummelplatz ) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Anny Ondra , Sig Arno and Margarete Kupfer .
Sergeant Madden is a 1939 film noir forerunner directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring Wallace Beery .
The Day the Earth Caught Fire is a British science fiction disaster film starring Edward Judd , Leo McKern and Janet Munro .
Teddy at the Throttle is a 1917 American silent comedy short film starring Bobby Vernon , Gloria Swanson , and Wallace Beery .
Man Called Amen ( Italian : Così sia , also known as They Called Him Amen and Therefore It Is ) is a 1972 Italian Spaghetti Western comedy film directed by Alfio Caltabiano .
The Visitant is a short film written and directed by Nicholas Peterson , starring Amy Smart and Doug Jones .
Michael Williams as Charlie Chalk , Louis T Duck , Trader Jones , Litterbug and Rabbit Barbara Leigh - Hunt as Captain Mildred , Mary the Hover Fairy and Ponka the Toucan John Wells as Arnold The Elephant , Edward and Bert Ken Barrie as Song vocals
The Outrage stars Edward G. Robinson , Paul Newman , Laurence Harvey , Claire Bloom and William Shatner .
Peace , Perfect Peace is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Arrigo Bocchi and starring Hayford Hobbs , Mary Odette and Mary Marsh Allen .
Journal of a Crime is a 1934 American Pre - Code film , produced by First National Pictures , directed by William Keighley , and starring Ruth Chatterton , Adolphe Menjou , and Claire Dodd .
Lucky to Me is a 1939 British musical comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Stanley Lupino , Phyllis Brooks and Barbara Blair .
Banda Yeh Bindaas Hai is a Bollywood comedy film directed by Ravi Chopra , starring Govinda , Salman Khan , Tabu , Lara Dutta , and Boman Irani .
Flaming Brothers is a 1987 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Chow Yun - fat , Alan Tang , Pat Ha and Jenny Tseng .
The Moon Is Blue is a 1953 American romantic comedy film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring William Holden , David Niven , and Maggie McNamara .
Barbarian Queen ( also known as Queen of the Naked Steel ) is a 1985 American - Argentine fantasy film starring Lana Clarkson , directed by Héctor Olivera and written by Howard R. Cohen .
Susan Slept Here is a 1954 American romantic comedy film starring Dick Powell ( in his last film role ) and Debbie Reynolds .
Seven Angry Men is a 1955 film about John Brown ( abolitionist ) where he was played by Raymond Massey .
Kaliyattam ( English : The Play of God ) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraaj , and starring Suresh Gopi , Lal , Manju Warrier , and Biju Menon .
Tuscan Skies ( Cieli di Toscana ) is the third DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli .
The Frozen Ground is a 2013 American mystery thriller film directed and written by Scott Walker in his directorial debut , and starring Nicolas Cage , John Cusack , Vanessa Hudgens , Katherine LaNasa , Radha Mitchell and 50 Cent .
Trivandrum Lodge ( 2012 ) is a Malayalam feature film written by Anoop Menon and directed by V. K. Prakash .
Brooklyn Rules is a 2007 American crime drama film starring Alec Baldwin , Scott Caan , Freddie Prinze Jr. , Jerry Ferrara , and Mena Suvari .
Carlos and Elisabeth ( German : Carlos und Elisabeth ) is a 1924 German silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Conrad Veidt , Eugen Klöpfer and Aud Egede Nissen .
Located in the same complex ( the famed Bradbury Building ) as Banyon 's office was the secretarial school operated by Peggy Revere ( Joan Blondell ) .
Young Guns of Texas is a 1962 CinemaScope DeLuxe Color Western directed by Maury Dexter , starring James Mitchum , Alana Ladd , Jody McCrea and Chill Wills .
Dark Mansions is a 1986 television film starring Joan Fontaine , Michael York , Paul Shenar , Melissa Sue Anderson , Steve Inwood , Lois Chiles , Nicollette Sheridan , Raymond St. Jacques , Grant Aleksander , Yves André Martin , Linda Purl and Dan O'Herilhy .
Count Yorga , Vampire ( also known as The Loves Of Count Iorga , Vampire ) is a 1970 American vampire horror film starring Robert Quarry .
War Photographer is a documentary by Christian Frei about the photographer James Nachtwey .
Yaadhavam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jomon and starring Madhu and Suresh Gopi in lead roles .
Pleasure Before Business is a 1927 silent film comedy directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Max Davidson and Virginia Brown Faire .
Murphy suspects the involvement of his old wartime nemesis , former United States Army Colonel F.E. Cochrane ( Malcolm McDowell ) , the primary test pilot for Blue Thunder and someone who felt Murphy was `` unsuitable '' for the program .
Thulluvadho Ilamai ( English : Exuberance of Youth ) is a 2002 coming of age film , co written and directed by Kasthuri Raja , written by his son Selvaraghavan and introducing his second son Dhanush as an actor , who enacted the lead role character .
The Last Seduction II is a 1999 neo - noir film directed by Terry Marcel and starring Joan Severance .
Sunshine Love ( Hangul : 썬샤인 러브 ; RR : Sseonsyain Reobeu ) is a 2013 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jo Eun - sung , starring Oh Jung - se and Jo Eun - ji .
The Secret Mark of D'Artagnan ( Italian : Il colpo segreto di D'Artagnan , French : Le secret de d'Artagnan ) is a 1962 Italian - French adventure film written and directed by Siro Marcellini and starring George Nader and Magali Noël .
72 Days ( Croatian : Sedamdeset i dva dana ) is a 2010 Croatian - Serbian black comedy film starring Rade Šerbedžija and directed by his son Danilo Šerbedžija .
Patti Rocks is a 1988 comedy film starring John Jenkins , Karen Landry and Chris Mulkey and directed by David Burton Morris .
Meet Boston Blackie is a 1941 crime film starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie , a notorious , but honorable jewel thief .
Bolletjes Blues ( Gangsta Blues , also known as Bling ! ) is a 2006 Dutch musical film with Negativ as the main character , Spike .
The Slaughter Rule is an independent film , released in 2002 and starring Ryan Gosling and David Morse .
Demons and Wonders ( original title : Demônios e Maravilhas ) is a 1987 Brazilian autobiographical documentary film by and about Brazilian filmmaker , director , screenwriter , film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins .
Beyond Desire is a 1995 American thriller film directed by Dominique Othenin - Girard , and starring William Forsythe and Kari Wührer .
Nynne is a Danish film directed by Jonas Elmer , starring Mille Dinesen .
Women Are Better Diplomats ( German : Frauen sind doch bessere Diplomaten ) is a 1941 German musical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk , Willy Fritsch and Aribert Wäscher .
19 Red Roses ( Danish : Nitten røde roser ) is a 1974 Danish crime film directed by Esben Høilund Carlsen and starring Henning Jensen .
Bone in the Throat is 2015 a British - American crime drama film , co - written and directed by Graham Henman , starring Ed Westwick , Tom Wilkinson , Andy Nyman , Vanessa Kirby , Rupert Graves , and John Hannah .
The Night of the Grizzly is a 1966 Western adventure film starring Clint Walker , Martha Hyer , Keenan Wynn , Jack Elam and Nancy Kulp .
Madame Guillotine is a 1931 British historical romance film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Madeleine Carroll , Brian Aherne and Henry Hewitt .
Hyde , Jekyll , Me ( Hangul : 하이드 지킬 , 나 ; RR : Haideu Jikil , Na ) is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Hyun Bin and Han Ji - min . It aired on SBS from January 21 to March 26 , 2015 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes .
A Place at the Table is a 2012 documentary film directed by Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush , with appearances by Jeff Bridges , Raj Patel , and chef Tom Colicchio .
The Addiction is a 1995 American vampire film directed by Abel Ferrara , starring Lili Taylor , Edie Falco , Paul Calderón , Kathryn Erbe and Christopher Walken .
Donovan 's Echo is a 2011 supernatural suspense film directed by Jim Cliffe and co - written by Jim Cliffe and Melodie Krieger , starring Danny Glover and Bruce Greenwood .
Life Just Is is a 2012 British independent drama film written and directed by Alex Barrett and starring Will De Meo , Jack Gordon , Nathaniel Martello - White , Fiona Ryan , Jayne Wisener and Paul Nicholls .
Dhinarathrangal ( English : Days and Nights ) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by Dennis Joseph , directed by Joshi and starring Mammootty in the title role .
The Flame of Life ( also known as That Lass o ' Lowrie 's ) is a 1923 American silent film starring Priscilla Dean , Robert Ellis , Kathryn McGuire , and Wallace Beery .
Wish I Was Here is a 2014 American comedy - drama film directed by Zach Braff and co - written with his brother Adam Braff .
Orchids and Ermine is a 1927 silent film comedy starring Colleen Moore , filmed partly on location in New York .
The Devil 's Henchman is a 1949 movie featuring Warner Baxter , Mary Beth Hughes , Mike Mazurki , and Regis Toomey .
Outnumbered is a British sitcom starring Hugh Dennis and Claire Skinner as a father and mother outnumbered by their three children ( played by Tyger Drew - Honey , Daniel Roche and Ramona Marquez ) .
Basir , now 30 , followed Lee 's simple advice , which led him to eventually write , and direct his first full - feature film , Mooz - lum , starring Nia Long , Danny Glover , Evan Ross and Roger Guenveur Smith .
One Night in Eden is a live concert recording by Sarah Brightman , inspired by her Eden album .
Arshinagar is an 2015 Bengali musical romance drama film directed by Aparna Sen. The film features an ensemble cast that does include Dev , Rittika Sen , Jisshu Sengupta , Kaushik Sen , Waheeda Rehman , Kamaleshwar Mukherjee , Roopa Ganguly , Jaya Seal Ghosh .
Leap into Bliss ( German : Salto in die Seligkeit ) is a 1934 Austrian comedy film directed by Fritz Schulz and starring Schulz , Olly Gebauer and Rosi Barsony .
The Sky Burns ( Italian : Il cielo brucia ) is a 1958 Italian war drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Masini and starring Amedeo Nazzari and Antonella Lualdi .
Beware of Mr. Baker is a 2012 documentary film by Jay Bulger about rock drummer Ginger Baker .
Demon Knight ( also known as Tales from the Crypt Presents : Demon Knight ) is a 1995 American horror film directed by Ernest Dickerson , starring Billy Zane , William Sadler , and Jada Pinkett Smith .
Billy West as The Fly Cop Oliver Hardy as Proprietor ( credited as Babe Hardy ) Bud Ross as Handyman ( credited as Budd Ross ) Leo White as The Mayor Ellen Burford as Forelady Charles Slattery as Chief of Police Ethelyn Gibson as A Chicken ( credited as Ethlyn Gibson )
Thenkasipattanam ( English : Thenkasi Town ) is a 2000 Malayalam comedy musical film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin , produced by Lal , and starring Suresh Gopi and Lal .
Dangerous to Know is a 1938 crime film starring Anna May Wong , Akim Tamiroff , Gail Patrick , Lloyd Nolan , and Anthony Quinn .
The Rose of San Juan is a 1913 silent era short drama motion picture starring Sydney Ayres , Charlotte Burton , and Louise Lester .
Het Bombardement ( Dutch for The Bombing ) is a 2012 Dutch film directed by Ate de Jong and produced by San Fu Maltha , starring Jan Smit and Roos van Erkel .
Love , So Divine is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Ha Ji - won and Kwon Sang - woo , and the directorial debut of Heo In - moo .
Right Footed is a documentary about Jessica Cox .
Paradise and Back ( Danish : Paradis retur ) is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Poul Reichhardt .
Afterwards ( French : Et après ) is a 2008 English - language psychological thriller film directed by Gilles Bourdos and starring Romain Duris , John Malkovich and Evangeline Lilly .
The movie begins with Paglu ( Dev),a college student , meeting Rimi ( Koel Mallick)-- a girl who comes down from the U.S. to take admission in ' Princeton ' College .
Aventurera ( ' Adventuress ' ) is a 1950 Mexican drama film directed by Alberto Gout and starring Ninón Sevilla and Andrea Palma .
`` When Strangers Appear '' is a psychological thriller including Radha Mitchell ( `` Pitch Black , '' `` High Art '' ) , Barry Watson ( TV 's `` Seventh Heaven '' ) and Josh Lucas ( `` The Deep End '' ) .
Kiswana ( Rachel Crawford ) , Abshu ( Kelly Neal ) , and Miss Sophie ( Olivia Cole ) are still residents of Brewster Place , and various other individuals move onto the block as the series progresses .
Forbidden Warrior is a 2005 martial arts fantasy action film starring Marie Matiko , Sung Kang and Karl Yune .
The Golden Gallows is a 1922 American silent film starring Miss DuPont .
The Hope Chest is an American silent comedy drama film released in 1918 , starring Dorothy Gish .
The Lady Iron Chef ( 美女食神 ) is a 2007 Hong Kong Chinese New Year film produced by Wong Jing and directed by Chung Siu - Hung .
Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man is a 1991 action biker film starring Mickey Rourke and Don Johnson .
Willie Dynamite is a 1974 American blaxploitation film , starring Roscoe Orman , Diana Sands , Thalmus Rasulala , Joyce Walker , and was released by Universal Pictures .
Ishkq in Paris is a primarily Hindi - language Indian film starring Preity Zinta , Rhehan Malliek and French actress Isabelle Adjani , directed by Prem Raj , produced by Preity Zinta and co - written by Raj and Zinta .
New Jack City is a 1991 American crime thriller action film , based upon an original story and screenplay by Thomas Lee Wright , and directed by Mario Van Peebles in his directorial debut , who also co - stars in the film .
I Can Make You Love Me , also known as Stalking Laura , is an American made - for - television film starring Richard Thomas and Brooke Shields .
Love on Wheels is a 1932 British musical comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jack Hulbert , Leonora Corbett , Gordon Harker and Edmund Gwenn .
A Guy Could Change is a 1946 American drama film starring Allan Lane and Jane Frazee .
Darling of the Gods ( German : Liebling der Götter ) is a 1930 German musical drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Emil Jannings , Renate Müller and Olga Tschechowa .
Koushalam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film , directed by TS Mohan and starring Siddique and Urvashi in lead roles .
Roseanne takes on a job as waitress in the restaurant at Rodbell 's Department Store , where she meets Leon ( Martin Mull ) and Bonnie ( Bonnie Sheridan ) .
The series starred Oliver Platt as New York judge Jack Moran who , with his equally eccentric and colorful as colleagues , preside over court cases as the real - life Queens Supreme Court in Long Island City , Queens .
Aafat ( Hindi : आफ़त ; translation : Hardship ) is 1977 Bollywood film directed by Atma Ram and starring Navin Nischol , Leena Chandavarkar , Amjad Khan , Mehmood , Nazir Hussain .
Dil Dosti Etc . ( Heart , Friendship , et cetera ) is a 2007 Bollywood film starring Shreyas Talpade , Imaad Shah , Nikita Anand , Smriti Mishra , Ishita Sharma and Dinesh Kumar in lead roles .
Prem Vivah is a 1979 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by Ramraj Nahta , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Bindiya Goswami , Utpal Dutt and Asha Parekh Asha Parekh plays an unmarried woman in her 30s , past what society considered the marriageable age .
I 'm Dancing as Fast as I Can is a 1982 American biographical film directed by Jack Hofsiss , starring Jill Clayburgh .
Cowboy from Brooklyn is a 1938 American musical comedy film starring Pat O'Brien , Dick Powell , Priscilla Lane , Ann Sheridan and the future US President Ronald Reagan .
Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 American Pre - Code crime melodrama film , produced by MGM , directed by W. S. Van Dyke , and starring Clark Gable , William Powell , and Myrna Loy .
Love Before Breakfast is a 1936 American romantic comedy film starring Carole Lombard , Preston Foster , and Cesar Romero , based on Faith Baldwin 's short story Spinster Dinner , published in International - Cosmopolitan in July 1934 .
Bahu Begum is a 1967 Hindi film directed by M. Sadiq , and starring Pradeep Kumar , Meena Kumari and Ashok Kumar .
Night of Mystery is a 1937 American mystery film directed by E.A. Dupont and starring Grant Richards , Roscoe Karns and Helen Burgess .
Better Luck Tomorrow introduced film audiences to a cast including Parry Shen , Sung Kang , Jason Tobin , Roger Fan , and John Cho .
He Snoops to Conquer is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby , Robertson Hare , Elizabeth Allan , and Claude Bailey .
True Adolescents is a 2009 American comedy film starring Mark Duplass , Bret Loehr and Carr Thompson .
Cennetin Kapısı is a 1973 Turkish drama film , directed by Fikret Hakan and Halit Refiğ and starring Hakan , Arzu Okay and Sevda Ferdağ .
Robert Z. Leonard as Shon the Piper Margarita Fischer as Madge of the Hills Joseph Singleton as The Laird of the Isla Lon Chaney as a member of the Scottish clans ( Disputed )
Living in a Big Way ( 1947 ) is an American musical comedy film starring Gene Kelly and Marie McDonald as a couple who marry during World War II after only knowing each other a short time .
Dark Secrets is a 1923 American silent feature drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Dorothy Dalton .
Doctor Rhythm is a 1938 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby , Mary Carlisle , Beatrice Lillie , and Andy Devine .
Major League II stars most of the same cast from the original , including Charlie Sheen , Tom Berenger , and Corbin Bernsen .
The Passing of Hell 's Crown is a 1916 American silent western film featuring Harry Carey .
Love in Quarantine is a 1910 short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and starring Mack Sennett .
Nirakkoottu ( Malayalam : നിറക്കൂട്ട്‌ ) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Joshy , written by Dennis Joseph , and starring Mammootty .
Gran Torino is a 2008 American drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the film .
Mayfair Melody is a 1937 British musical film , directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring popular bass - baritone singer Keith Falkner in the first of his three screen performances .
The Lost String ( also known as La Corde Perdue ) is a documentary film on American alternative guitarist Marc Ribot directed by French film maker Anaïs Prosaïc .
Prizrak ( Russian : Призрак , English : Ghost ) is a 2015 Russian comedy film starring Fedor Bondarchuk and young actor Semyon Treskunov .
Secret of the Incas is a 1954 adventure film starring Charlton Heston as adventurer Harry Steele , on the trail of an ancient Incan artifact .
The Shoemaker and the Doll is a 1913 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood .
Mr. Duplicate is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Diganth and Prajwal Devaraj in the lead roles .
A Fear of Strangers is a 1964 British TV drama starring Stanley Baker as a racist police inspector .
Night Boat to Dublin is a 1946 British thriller film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Robert Newton , Raymond Lovell , Guy Middleton , Muriel Pavlow and Herbert Lom .
Man in the Sand is a 1999 music documentary that chronicles the collaboration between Billy Bragg and Wilco , which involved the musicians creating new music to accompany lyrics that were written decades earlier by folk singer Woody Guthrie .
Nawab Sahib is a 1978 Hindi film written and directed by eminent Urdu litterateur Rajinder Singh Bedi , starring Rehana Sultan , Parikshit Sahni , Tamanna , Farida Jalal and Johnny Walker in lead roles .
Attorney for the Defense is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Irving Cummings and starring Evelyn Brent .
Trapped by the Mormons ( also released as The Mormon Peril ) is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent .
The Witness for the Defense is a 1919 American silent drama directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Elsie Ferguson , Warner Oland , and Wyndham Standing .
The Bachelor 's Romance is a 1915 American comedy silent film directed by John Emerson and written by Martha Morton .
Five for Hell ( Italian : Cinque per l'inferno , also known as Five Into Hell ) is a 1969 Italian `` macaroni combat '' war film starring John Garko , Margaret Lee and Klaus Kinski .
Re - Kill is 2015 American horror film starring Scott Adkins , Bruce Payne and Daniella Alonso , it was directed by Valeri Milev and written by Michael Hurst .
Theevram ( Malayalam : തീവ്രം , English : Extreme ) is a 2012 Malayalam crime thriller film written and directed by Roopesh Peethambaran in his directorial debut , and starring Dulquer Salmaan , Shikha Nair , Sreenivasan , Vinay Forrt , Vishnu Raghav , Riya Saira and Anu Mohan .
Fabulous Lola ( German : Die tolle Lola ) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Lilian Harvey , Harry Halm and Hans Junkermann .
The Mirror Boy is a 2011 Nigerian fantasy adventure drama film written & directed by Obi Emelonye , produced by Patrick Campbell and starring Genevieve Nnaji , Osita Iheme and Edward Kagutuzi .
Yuvajanotsavam is a 1986 Malayalam film by Shrikumaran Thampi , starring Mohanlal , Urvashi and Menaka .
Daku Mangal Singh is a 1966 Bollywood movie directed by Chand and starring Dara Singh , Mumtaz and Prithviraj Kapoor .
Il disco volante is a 1964 Italian comic science fiction film with mockumentary elements directed by Tinto Brass and starring Alberto Sordi .
Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 American screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks , starring Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant , and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
Faza Navardan is an Iranian television series directed by Iranian actors Siamak Ansari and Peyman Ghasem Khani .
The President 's Analyst is an American satirical comedy film written and directed by Ted Flicker , starring James Coburn .
The Naughty Flirt is a 1931 American Pre - Code romantic comedy film directed by Edward Cline and starring Alice White , Paul Page and Myrna Loy .
It 's a Grand Life is a 1953 British comedy film starring Frank Randle and Diana Dors .
My Last Five Girlfriends , a 2009 film from Julian Kemp starring Brendan Patricks , is a British dark comedy based on pop - philosopher Alain De Botton 's book , Essays In Love ( U.S. title On Love ) .
Hollywood Hot Tubs is a 1984 comedy film starring Paul Gunning , Donna McDaniel , Michael Andrew and Jewel Shepard and directed by Chuck Vincent .
Action of the Tiger is a 1957 British - American CinemaScope action film distributed by MGM , directed by Terence Young , and starring Van Johnson and Martine Carol .
War Nurse is a 1930 American Pre - Code war film directed by Edgar Selwyn , and starring Robert Montgomery , Anita Page , June Walker and Robert Ames .
Gros - Câlin ( Italian : Cocco mio ) is a 1979 French - Italian comedy film written and directed by Jean - Pierre Rawson and starring Jean Carmet and Nino Manfredi .
When Love Grows Cold is a lost 1926 silent film drama directed by Harry O. Hoyt , and starring Clive Brook and Natacha Rambova in her only screen starring performance .
WiseGirls is a 2002 film starring Mira Sorvino , Mariah Carey and Melora Walters as waitresses working at a restaurant run by mobsters .
Johnny , You 're Wanted is a 1956 British crime B - movie , directed by Vernon Sewell and starring John Slater .
Insaaf Ki Awaaz is a 1986 Bollywood action film directed and produced by D Rama Naidu under the banner of Suresh Productions . The film features Rekha , Anil Kapoor and Raj Babbar in pivotal roles . The music director of the film is Bappi Lahiri .
Arizona Express is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Tom Buckingham and starring Evelyn Brent .
Diamond Men is a 2000 film , a crime drama starring Robert Forster and Donnie Wahlberg .
Straight Talk is an 1992 American comedy - film distributed by Hollywood Pictures , directed by Barnet Kellman and starring Dolly Parton and James Woods .
Caught in the Draft is a 1941 comedy / war film with Bob Hope directed by David Butler .
It is only known that Gestoorde hengelaar was a slapstick comedy scene ( with Lion Solser and Piet Hesse , who were then popular Dutch comedians ) from the flyer which Slieker distributed .
The Reaping is an 2007 American horror film , starring Hilary Swank .
Ee Preethi Yeke Bhoomi Melide is a 2007 Kannada romance film directed , written and enacted by Prem .
Somewhere in Sonora is a 1933 American Pre - Code Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and starring John Wayne .
Operacja Samum is a 1999 Polish spy film directed by Władysław Pasikowski , starring Marek Kondrat , Bogusław Linda and Olaf Lubaszenko .
Sushi Girl is an American crime film directed by Kern Saxton , starring Tony Todd , Mark Hamill , Noah Hathaway , Sonny Chiba and Cortney Palm .
If I Were King is a 1938 American biographical historical drama film starring Ronald Colman as medieval poet François Villon , and featuring Basil Rathbone and Frances Dee .
The Killer Elite is a 1975 American action thriller film starring James Caan and Robert Duvall and directed by Sam Peckinpah .
Khaspush ( Armenian : Խասփուշ ) is a Soviet Armenian drama and war film , directed in 1927 by Hamo Beknazarian and starring Hrachia Nersisyan , M. Dulgaryan and Avet Avetisyan
The House on 56th Street is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film , starring Kay Francis as a woman sent to prison for twenty years for a murder she did not commit .
Casablanca , Nest of Spies ( French : Casablanca , nid d'espions , Spanish : Noches de Casablanca , Italian : Spionaggio a Casablanca ) is a 1963 French - Spanish - Italian spy film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Sara Montiel , Maurice Ronet and Franco Fabrizi .
The Range Feud is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western film that stars Buck Jones and John Wayne .
Pothan Vava is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by Joshi starring Mammootty in the title role .
The Nightcomers is a 1971 British horror film directed by Michael Winner and starring Marlon Brando , Stephanie Beacham , Thora Hird , Harry Andrews and Anna Palk .
Marten Lamont as Jerry Blake , Federal Operator 99 Helen Talbot as Joyce Kingston George J. Lewis as Jim Belmont , a sophisticated villain Lorna Gray as Rita Parker , Belmont 's partner in crime Hal Taliaferro as Matt Farrell Bill Stevens as Agent Fred Martin
Killer Toon ( Hangul : 더 웹툰 : 예고살인 ; RR : Deo Web - tun : Yeo - go - sal - in ) is a 2013 South Korean horror film directed by Kim Yong - gyun , and starring Lee Si - young and Um Ki - joon .
Nireekshana ( Telugu : నిరీక్షణ ) is a Telugu drama film directed by Balu Mahendra starring Bhanu Chander and Archana .
Fright to the Finish is a 1954 animated American short film directed by Seymour Kneitel and Al Eugster starring Jack Mercer as Popeye .
Love Me Deadly is a 1973 film starring Mary Charlotte Wilcox , Lyle Waggoner , and Christopher Stone .
Riding the tide of the camp superhero craze of the 1960s , the show 's premise involved police chemist Carter Nash ( William Daniels ) , a mild - mannered mama 's boy who discovered a secret formula that , when taken , transformed him in an explosive burst of smoke into Captain Nice .
Neo Ned is a 2005 romance drama film starring Jeremy Renner , Gabrielle Union , Sally Kirkland , Cary Elwes , Eddie Kaye Thomas and Ethan Suplee .
A Man Called Sledge is a 1970 spaghetti western starring James Garner in an extremely offbeat role as a grimly evil thief , and featuring Dennis Weaver , Claude Akins , and Wayde Preston .
Broke * is a feature - length documentary film written and directed by Will Gray .
The Lonely Trail is a 1936 American Western film starring John Wayne and Ann Rutherford .
Orders Are Orders is a 1954 British comedy film directed by David Paltenghi , and featuring Peter Sellers , Sid James , Tony Hancock , Raymond Huntley , Donald Pleasence and Eric Sykes .
Banyon 's police acquaintance with the Los Angeles Police Department was the cynical Lieutenant Pete McNeil ( Richard Jaeckel ) .
What Women Dream ( German : Was Frauen träumen ) is a 1933 German comedy crime film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Nora Gregor , Gustav Fröhlich and Otto Wallburg .
The Fuller Brush Man is a 1948 comedy film starring Red Skelton as a door - to - door salesman for the Fuller Brush Company who becomes a murder suspect .
We Dive at Dawn is a 1943 war film directed by Anthony Asquith , starring John Mills and Eric Portman as Royal Navy submariners in the Second World War .
Bandits Beware is a 1921 American short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar and featuring Hoot Gibson .
Minnaram ( Malayalam : മിന്നാരം ) is a 1994 Malayalam musical film written and directed by Priyadarshan , starring Mohanlal , Shobana , Thilakan , Sankaradi , K. P. Ummer , Jagathy Sreekumar , Geetha Vijayan , Venu Nagavally , and Lalu Alex .
We Stick Together Through Thick and Thin ( German : Wir halten fest und treu zusammen ) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Herbert Nossen and starring Sig Arno , Kurt Gerron and Ernst Karchow .
May I Borrow Your Girl Tonight ? ( Spanish : Préstamela esta noche ) is a 1978 Spanish - Panamanian musical comedy film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Manolo Escobar , Perla Faith and Antonio Garisa .
A Bachelor Husband is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Kenelm Foss and starring Lyn Harding , Renee Mayer and Hayford Hobbs .
Naaka Bandi is a 1990 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra , Sridevi , Sadashiv Amrapurkar , Rakesh Bedi , Manik Irani , Satyendra Kapoor , Anupam Kher , Chunky Pandey , Sonam , Yunus Parvez and Amrish Puri and also features a cameo appearance by Mac Mohan .
College Road Trip is a 2008 American family comedy film directed by Roger Kumble and starring Martin Lawrence , Raven - Symoné , Brenda Song , Margo Harshman , and Donny Osmond .
Something 's Got to Give is an unfinished 1962 American feature film , directed by George Cukor for 20th Century Fox and starring Marilyn Monroe , Dean Martin and Cyd Charisse .
Brother 's Justice is a 2010 comedy film written by Dax Shepard .
Le Retour du Grand Blond ( English : The Return of the Tall Blond Man or The Return of the Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe ) is a film directed by Yves Robert , in 1974 .
Teri Baahon Mein is a 1984 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Umesh Mehra and produced by Pramod Pedder , starring Mohnish Bahl , Ayesha Dutt , Navin Nischol , Prem Chopra , Mac Mohan with Mithun Chakraborty and Parveen Babi in a special appearance .
Nilave Mugam Kaattu ( English : Show Moon 's Face ) is a 1999 Indian Tamil film , directed by Kalanjiyam , starring Karthik , Ramki and Devayani in lead roles .
New Brooklyn is a 2008 feature film directed by Christopher Cannucciari , starring Blanca Lewin , Matt Cavenaugh , Frank Harts , Pablo Cerda , Kat Ross and Frank Nasso .
Slaughterhouse Rock is a 1988 B - movie horror film , starring pop star Toni Basil , and featuring songs by new wave group Devo .
The ESP Couple ( Hangul : 초감각커플 ; RR : Chokamgak Keopeul ) is a 2008 South Korean supernatural romance film starring Jin Goo and Park Bo - young .
My Sweetheart is a 1918 British silent comedy film directed by Meyrick Milton and starring Concordia Merrill , Randle Ayrton and Bert Wynne .
A Very Young Lady is a 1941 film comedy starring Jane Withers and Nancy Kelly .
Times Square Comes Alive is a 1985 adult film directed by Vince Benedetti and starring Veronica Vera and Tasha Voux .
Slave of Rome ( Italian : La schiava di Roma , also known as Slave Warrior ) is a 1961 Italian peplum film written and directed by Sergio Grieco and starring Rossana Podestà and Guy Madison .
Nadodimannan is a 2013 Malayalam action comedy film directed by Viji Thampi , starring Dileep , Ananya , Mythili and Archana Kavi in the lead roles . Dileep and Viji Thampi collaborated after 17 years in this movie .
Le bambole ( US title : The Dolls , UK title : Four Kinds of Love ) is a 1965 Italian comedy film in four segments ; cast includes Virna Lisi , Nino Manfredi , Gina Lollobrigida , Elke Sommer and Monica Vitti .
Tui Jodi Aamar Hoiti Re stars Shakib Khan , Ferdous , Moushumi and many more .
The Man on the Eiffel Tower is a 1949 American color film noir mystery film directed by Burgess Meredith and starring Charles Laughton , Franchot Tone , Meredith , and Robert Hutton .
On the Night of the Fire , released in the United States as The Fugitive , is a 1939 British thriller , directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Ralph Richardson and Diana Wynyard .
Oru CBI Diary Kurippu ( English : A CBI Journal Entry ) is a 1988 Malayalam mystery film directed by K. Madhu , written by S. N. Swamy , and starring Mammootty , Suresh Gopi , Jagathy Sreekumar , Mukesh , and Sukumaran .
Beat Girl marked the first film roles of British pop idol Adam Faith and actor Peter McEnery , although it was not released until after other films featuring Faith ( Never Let Go ) and McEnery ( Tunes of Glory ) had already come out .
Wrong Turn at Tahoe is a 2009 direct - to - DVD crime film directed by Franck Khalfoun and starring Cuba Gooding , Jr. , Miguel Ferrer , and Harvey Keitel .
Vanilla Sky stars Tom Cruise , Cruz , and Cameron Diaz , with Jason Lee and Kurt Russell appearing in supporting roles .
Held Up is a 1999 American comedy film starring Jamie Foxx and Nia Long .
The Great Raid is a 2005 war film about the Raid at Cabanatuan on the island of Luzon , Philippines during World War II . It is directed by John Dahl and stars Benjamin Bratt , James Franco , Connie Nielsen , Marton Csokas , Joseph Fiennes with Motoki Kobayashi and Cesar Montano .
Downhill Racer is a 1969 American drama film the directorial debut of Michael Ritchie and starring Robert Redford , Gene Hackman and Camilla Sparv .
With a soundtrack composed by Björk , Drawing Restraint 9 is an unconventional love story set in Japan .
Home Before Midnight is a 1979 British drama film directed by Pete Walker , written by Murray Smith , and starring James Aubrey , Alison Elliot and Richard Todd .
Stan Alexander as Young Flower Tim Davis as Adolescent Flower Sterling Holloway as Young Adult Flower Will Wright as Friend Owl Faline , a female deer whom Bambi eventually falls in love with :
Prairie Fever is a 2008 American Western film directed by Stephen Bridgewater , starring Kevin Sorbo , Lance Henriksen and Dominique Swain .
Tiger Joe ( Italian : Fuga dall'arcipelago maledetto ) is a 1982 Italian adventure film written and directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring David Warbeck and Annie Belle .
Fascination Amour is a 1999 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Herman Yau and starring Andy Lau and Hikari Ishida .
Suvarna Sundari had Akkineni Nageswara Rao , Anjali Devi , Rajasulochana , Relangi and Gummadi in the lead roles .
I Was a Spy is a 1933 British thriller film directed by Victor Saville and starring Madeleine Carroll , Herbert Marshall , and Conrad Veidt .
The Golden Head is a 1964 American - Hungarian comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and James Hill and starring George Sanders , Buddy Hackett , Jess Conrad , Lorraine Power and Robert Coote .
Lady Possessed is a 1952 American mystery film directed by Roy Kellino and William Spier and starring James Mason , June Havoc and Stephen Dunne .
The Perfect Student is a 2011 American thriller movie directed by Michael Feifer and starring Natasha Henstridge , Josie Davis , Brea Grant , and Jay Pickett .
Mrs. Winterbourne is a 1996 American romantic comedy / drama starring Shirley MacLaine , Ricki Lake , and Brendan Fraser .
Aeneas and Lavinia had one son , Silvius .
Queen Sri Suriyendra ( Thai : ศรีสุริเยนทร ; rtgs : Si Suriyen ; 1767 - -1836 ) was the queen of Siam , wife of Phutthaloetla Naphalai , who was her own cousin , and mother of Mongkut and Pinklao .
Meñli I Giray was the maternal grandfather of Suleiman the Magnificent through his daughter Ayşe Hafsa Sultan ; thereafter , the House of Osman could also claim descent from Genghis Khan through his son Jochi .
Nurhaci 's eldest son , Cuyen , controlled the White Banner for most of his father 's reign until he rebelled .
In the Records of the Grand Historian , Sima Qian 's account of the origin of the House of Ying omits Xuxuan , simply stating that Zhongyan 's great - great - grandson was Zhongjue .
One of the sons of Oibalos and Gorgophone was Tyndareus , stepfather of Helen of Troy , Clytemnestra , Castor and Pollux , and another was Icarius , father of Odysseus 's wife , Penelope .
Eyolf Soot was married the actress Inga Bjørnson with whom he had a daughter , Botten Soot .
Louise of Savoy ( 11 September 1476 -- 22 September 1531 ) was a French noblewoman , Duchess regnant of Auvergne and Bourbon , Duchess of Nemours , the mother of King Francis I of France .
The Bychowiec Chronicle mentions that after Jewna 's death , brothers Algirdas and Kęstutis became displeased with Jaunutis , whom Gediminas chose as his heir .
Cabu was the father of the French singer / songwriter Mano Solo ( 24 April 1963 -- 10 January 2010 ) .
Chief Machinist 's Mate Eugene Blair ( Tremont , Virginia , April 26 , 1908 - -Darwin , Australia , February 19 , 1942 ) was a United States Navy sailor of World War II who had a ship named for him .
Frank Luke Jr. ( May 19 , 1897 -- September 29 , 1918 ) was an American fighter ace , ranking second among U.S. Army Air Service pilots after Captain Eddie Rickenbacker in number of aerial victories during World War I ( Rickenbacker was credited with 26 victories , while Luke 's official score was 18 ) .
Doyle Overton Hickey was an officer in the United States Army who served in World War I , World War II and the Korean War , finishing his military career as a Lieutenant General .
The Schwerer Wehrmachtschlepper ( Heavy Military Tractor ) , or sWS for short , was a German World War II half - track flat - bed cargo vehicle used in various roles between 1943 and 1945 .
Robert Byington Mitchell ( April 4 , 1823 -- January 26 , 1882 ) was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and the Governor of the New Mexico Territory from 1866 to 1869 .
The 44 M Tas Rohamlöveg ( `` 44 M Tas Assault Gun '' ) was a Hungarian tank destroyer design of World War II , based on the chassis of the 44 M Tas heavy tank .
Carlos W. Colby ( 1837 -- 1922 ) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War , serving in Company G of the 97th Illinois Volunteer Regimet .
Ridgely Gaither was a United States Army lieutenant general prominent as commander of the 40th Infantry Division during the Korean War , and commander of the XVIII Airborne Corps , U.S. Army Caribbean Command and Second United States Army .
The Raid on Groton happened during King William 's War , on July 18 , 1694 , at Groton , Massachusetts .
Eberhard Godt ( 15 August 1900 -- 13 September 1995 ) was a German naval officer who served in both World War I and World War II , eventually rising to command the Kriegsmarine 's U - boat operations .
HD 66428 is a G - type main sequence star located approximately 179 light - years away in the constellation of Monoceros .
KW Sagittarii is a red supergiant , located approximately 2,400 parsecs away from our Sun in the direction of the constellation Sagittarius .
NGC 7142 is an open cluster about 6,200 light - years away in the constellation Cepheus .
HD 155358 c is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star HD 155358 located 142 light years away in the constellation Hercules .
Rho Persei ( Rho Per , ρ Persei , ρ Per ) is a star in the northern constellation of Perseus .
NGC 2547 is a southern open cluster in Vela , discovered by Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in 1751 from South Africa .
NGC 6397 , also known as Caldwell 86 , is a globular cluster in the constellation Ara .
PSR J1719 - 1438 is a millisecond pulsar with a spin period of 5.8 ms located about 4000 ly from Earth in the direction of Serpens Cauda , one minute from the border with Ophiuchus .
Xi Herculis ( ξ Her , 92 Her , HD 163993 , SAO 85590 , HR 6703 ) is a star located within the constellation of Hercules .
Iota Cancri ( ι Cnc , ι Cancri ) is a double star in the constellation Cancer .
Delta Lupi ( δ Lupi , δ Lup ) is a star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Lupus .
Theta Ursae Majoris ( Theta UMa , θ Ursae Majoris , θ UMa ) is a suspected spectroscopic binary star system in the northern circumpolar constellation of Ursa Major .
GD 356 is a white dwarf in the constellation of Draco showing an unusual emission of circular polarised light .
Kepler-36 is a star in the constellation of Cygnus with two known planets .
Sigma Serpentis ( σ Ser , σ Serpentis ) is a star in the constellation Serpens .
15 Cygni ( 15 Cyg ) is a star in the constellation Cygnus .
HD 10647 b , also catalogued as q1 Eridani b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 57 light - years away in the constellation of Eridanus ( the River ) .
SN 1572 ( Tycho 's Supernova , Tycho 's Nova ) , `` B Cassiopeiae '' ( B Cas ) , or 3C 10 was a supernova of Type Ia in the constellation Cassiopeia , one of about eight supernovae visible to the naked eye in historical records .
Omicron Boötis ( ο Boo , ο Boötis ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
The Bayer designation Delta Telescopii ( δ Tel , δ Telescopii ) is shared by two stars , δ¹ Telescopii and δ² Telescopii , in the constellation Telescopium .
Eta Aquarii ( η Aqr , η Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Kepler-11 is a Sun - like star slightly larger than the Sun in the constellation Cygnus , located some 2,000 light years from Earth .
Theta Tauri ( θ Tau , θ Tauri ) is a double star in the constellation Taurus and a member of the Hyades open cluster .
Nu Capricorni ( ν Cap , ν Capricorni ) is a binary star in the constellation Capricornus .
Epsilon Telescopii ( ε Tel , ε Telescopii ) is a binary star in the constellation Telescopium .
2MASS J12373919 + 6526148 ( hereafter 2 M 1237 + 6526 ) is a brown dwarf object with late spectral type T in the constellation of Draco , nearly 46 light - years away from the Sun , although trigonometric parallax of 96.07±4.78 mas yields distance of 33.9±1.8 light - years ( or 10.4±0.5 parsecs ) .
16 Aquarii ( abbreviated 16 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
60 Herculis ( 60 Her ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
VV Cephei , also known as HD 208816 , is an eclipsing binary star system located in the constellation Cepheus , approximately 5,000 light years from Earth .
NGC 4244 , also Caldwell 26 , is an edge - on loose Spiral galaxy and Caldwell object in the constellation Canes Venatici .
Messier 37 ( also known as M37 or NGC 2099 ) is the richest open cluster in the constellation Auriga .
HD 148427 b is a gas giant extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type subgiant star HD 148427 , located approximately 193 light years away in the constellation Ophiuchus .
Alpha Monocerotis ( α Mon , α Monocerotis ) is the Bayer designation for the brightest star in the equatorial constellation of Monoceros .
Kepler-8 is a star located in the constellation Lyra in the field of view of the Kepler Mission , a NASA - led operation tasked with discovering terrestrial planets .
HD 30177 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 178 light - years away in the constellation of Dorado , orbiting the star HD 30177 .
SGR J1550 - 5418 is a soft gamma repeater ( SGR ) , the sixth to be discovered , located in the constellation Norma .
NGC 305 is an asterism in the constellation Pisces .
HD 33564 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 68 light - years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis .
HD 126009 or CI Boötis is a variable star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
Gamma Sextantis ( γ Sex , γ Sextantis ) is a triple star system in the constellation Sextans .
NGC 6118 is a `` grand design '' spiral galaxy located 83 million light - years away in the constellation Serpens ( the Snake ) .
101 Virginis is a red giant variable star in the Boötes constellation .
NGC 4349 - 127 is a probable red giant approximately 7,097 light - years away in the constellation of Crux .
WISE 1828 + 2650 ( full designation WISEPA J182831.08 + 265037.8 ) is a brown dwarf or rogue planet of spectral class > Y2 , located in constellation Lyra at approximately 47 light - years from Earth .
Tau Pegasi ( τ Peg , τ Pegasi ) is a 4.6 magnitude star in the constellation Pegasus .
HD 133683 is a yellow - white bright giant or supergiant star in the southern constellation of Triangulum Australe .
Sigma Herculis ( σ Her ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
Pi Herculis ( π Her , π Herculis ) is a third - magnitude star in the constellation Hercules .
SN 1885A ( also S Andromedae ) was a supernova in the Andromeda Galaxy , the only one seen in that galaxy so far by astronomers , and the first ever noted outside the Milky Way .
Cape Geology is a low , gravel - covered point marking the western limit of Botany Bay , in the southern part of Granite Harbour , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Popovo Saddle ( Bulgarian : Поповска седловина , `` Popovska Sedlovina '' \'po - pov - ska se - dlo - vi-'na\ ) is the saddle of elevation 1550 m in Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica bounded by Drinov Peak to the north and Sevlievski Peak to the south .
Holt Point ( 66 ° 17′S 110 ° 30′E ) is a point marking the western extremity of Bailey Peninsula , at the east side of the Windmill Islands , Antarctica .
Ballester Point ( Bulgarian : нос Балестер , `` Nos Ballester '' \'nos ba-'les - ter\ ) is a point forming the south side of the entrance to Johnsons Dock and the northeast side of the entrance to Española Cove in Hurd Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Silistra Knoll ( Bulgarian : Vrah Silistra \'vr&h si-'lis - tra\ ) rises to over 700 m ( 2,297 ft ) in southern Levski Ridge , in the Tangra Mountains of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Moraine Valley ( 60 ° 43′S 45 ° 37′W ) is a valley filled with morainic debris , 0.75 nautical miles ( 1.4 km ) long , which drains north into Elephant Flats on the east side of Signy Island , in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica .
Herbert Sound is a sound in Antarctica extending from Cape Lachman and Keltie Head on the northwest to the narrows between The Naze and False Island Point on the southeast , separating Vega Island from James Ross Island and connecting Prince Gustav Channel with Erebus and Terror Gulf .
Foster Nunatak ( 71 ° 6′S 71 ° 40′E ) is a horseshoe shaped rock outcrop in the south part of the Manning Nunataks , on the east side of the Amery Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Fenrir Valley ( 77 ° 37′S 161 ° 56′E ) is a small , mainly ice - free valley between the upper reaches of Heimdall Glacier and Rhone Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Offset Ridge ( 71 ° 41′S 68 ° 32′W ) is a ridge extending west from Triton Point lying between Venus Glacier and Neptune Glacier in eastern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Cape Mabel ( 60 ° 41′S 44 ° 40′W ) is a cape forming the northern tip of Pirie Peninsula on the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands , Antarctica .
The Mitten ( 75 ° 59′S 160 ° 30′E ) is a bare flat - topped mountain , which resembles a mitten when viewed from above , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of Mount Armytage in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Leap Year Glacier ( 71 ° 42′S 164 ° 15′E ) is a tributary glacier between Molar Massif and Mount Stirling in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica , draining southeast into Black Glacier .
Mount Seaton ( 70 ° 36′S 67 ° 27′E ) is a prominent domed peak in eastern Antarctica , one of the Amery Peaks , situated about 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of Sandilands Nunatak in the Prince Charles Mountains .
Håkon Col ( 71 ° 54′S 8 ° 52′E ) is a col at the south side of the Saether Crags in the Kurze Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Finley Heights ( 69 ° 13′S 63 ° 13′W ) are rugged coastal heights rising to 1,070 metres ( 3,510 ft ) between the mouths of Bingham Glacier and Lurabee Glacier , on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Johnston Spur ( 74 ° 23′S 63 ° 2′W ) is a spur in the central part of the Guettard Range , extending eastward to the flank of Johnston Glacier , in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Quervain Peak ( 67 ° 23′S 66 ° 39′W ) is a peak in the central part of the Boyle Mountains in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount McNaughton ( 85 ° 58′S 128 ° 12′W ) is a large mountain rising to over 3,000 metres ( 10,000 ft ) , and standing 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of Haworth Mesa in the western Wisconsin Range of Antarctica .
Kennett Ridge ( 79 ° 51′S 156 ° 45′E ) is a rocky ridge , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , which descends eastward from the northeast end of Midnight Plateau in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica .
Bon Docteur Nunatak , also known as Good Doctor Nunatak , is a small coastal nunatak , 28 metres ( 92 ft ) high , standing at the west side of the Astrolabe Glacier Tongue , 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) south of Rostand Island in the Geologie Archipelago of Antarctica .
The Grace Rocks ( 66 ° 25′S 100 ° 33′E ) are prominent rock outcrops situated at the south side of the mouth of Apfel Glacier at its junction with Scott Glacier , Antarctica .
Kurilo Point ( Bulgarian : нос Курило , `` Nos Kurilo '' \'nos ku-'ri - lo\ ) is a sharp ice - free point on the southeast coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica projecting 200 m into Bransfield Strait .
Eos Glacier ( 77 ° 28′S 162 ° 11′E ) is a south - flowing glacier , 0.6 nautical miles ( 1.1 km ) long , between Mount Peleus and Mount Theseus in the eastern part of the Olympus Range , in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica .
The Joubin Islands are a group of small islands lying 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south - west of Cape Monaco , Anvers Island , at the south - western end of the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
Ant Hill Glacier ( 78 ° 49′S 161 ° 30′E ) is a glacier in Antarctica , between Ant Hill and Bareface Bluff , rising in the Worcester Range and flowing northeast into Skelton Glacier .
Gannutz Glacier ( 70 ° 24′S 162 ° 11′E ) is a smooth glacier which flows north from the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica and enters the eastern part of Rennick Bay between Weeder Rock and Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont .
The Moltke Nunataks ( 77 ° 58′S 35 ° 30′W ) are a chain of north -- south trending nunataks close to the northeastern end of the Filchner Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Cole Channel ( 67 ° 22′S 67 ° 50′W ) is a marine channel running north -- south between Wright Peninsula , Adelaide Island , and Wyatt Island , Laubeuf Fjord , off the Loubet Coast , Antarctica .
Anderson Nunataks , also known as Shimizu Nunatak , is a group of nunataks forming the northeast end of the Sweeney Mountains , Antarctica .
Kiel Glacier ( 78 ° 8′S 154 ° 15′W ) is a broad , heavily crevassed glacier descending southwest from Edward VII Peninsula , Antarctica , just east of the Rockefeller Mountains .
Lammers Glacier ( 68 ° 37′S 66 ° 10′W ) is a large glacier flowing east along the north side of Godfrey Upland into the Traffic Circle and Mercator Ice Piedmont , on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Giovanni Peak ( 70 ° 2′S 71 ° 22′W ) is a peak rising to about 500 m at the south end of Debussy Heights , above Mozart Ice Piedmont in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Bangey Heights ( Bulgarian : Бангейски възвишения , `` Bangeyski Vazvisheniya '' \ban-'gey - ski v&-zvi-'she - ni - ya\ ) are in Antarctica .
Norman Glacier ( 71 ° 25′S 67 ° 30′W ) is a glacier , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , flowing southwest from Palmer Land to enter George VI Sound just north of Bushell Bluff , in Antarctica .
Lovech Heights ( Bulgarian : Ловешки възвишения , `` Loveshki Vazvisheniya '' \'lo - vesh - ki v&-zvi-'she - ni - ya\ ) are the heights rising to 1700 m ( Mount Persenk and Mount Moriya ) on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Murgash Glacier ( Lednik Murgash \'led - nik mur-'gash\)is the 3.4 km long and 3.2 km wide glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated southeast of Yakoruda Glacier , south of Teteven Glacier , southwest of Traub Glacier and west - northwest of Bravo Glacier .
Negro Hill is a conspicuous rocky hill , double - peaked with a small tarn in between , rising to 143 m at South Beaches on Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Unwin Ledge ( 77 ° 35′S 162 ° 37′E ) is a ledge in Antarctica .
Ituna Valley is a narrow ice - free valley between Isca Valley and Lemanis Valley in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
Ferguson Glacier ( 77 ° 28′S 162 ° 51′E ) is a glacier on the east side of Gallagher Ridge in the Asgard Range , McMurdo Dry Valleys , Antarctica .
The Europa Cliffs ( 70 ° 52′S 68 ° 45′W ) are a group of interconnected hills and rock ridges on the west side of Jupiter Glacier in eastern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Slumkey Island ( 65 ° 30′S 65 ° 28′W ) is a largest island of the group lying east of Tupman Island , Pitt Islands , in the Biscoe Islands , Antarctica .
Fireman Glacier ( 77 ° 47′S 160 ° 16′E ) is a glacier in the western part of the Quartermain Mountains , Victoria Land , Antarctica , flowing northwest into Cassidy Glacier .
Kleptuza Glacier ( Bulgarian : ледник Клептуза , `` Lednik Kleptuza '' \'led - nik klep-'tu - za\ ) is a 6 km long and 6 km wide glacier draining the east slopes of Mount Hector in the Trojan Range and the north slopes of Osterrieth Range on Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Hutt Peak ( 76 ° 1′S 132 ° 39′W ) is a small but sharply rising snow - covered peak that rises above the general level of the central part of the Mount Bursey massif , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Thwaites Glacier drains into West Antarctica 's Amundsen Sea and is closely watched for its potential to raise sea levels .
Mount Hermanson ( 84 ° 23′S 173 ° 32′E ) is an ice - covered mountain in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica , 3,140 metres ( 10,300 ft ) high , standing at the head of Cunningham Glacier , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southwest of Gray Peak .
Granite Harbour ( 76 ° 53′S 162 ° 44′E ) is a bay in the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica , about 14 nautical miles ( 26 km ) long , entered between Cape Archer and Cape Roberts .
Xanadu Hills ( 78 ° 11′S 163 ° 32′E ) are a ridge of hills lying between Ward Valley and the Alph River in Victoria Land , a region of Antarctica .
Havsbotn ( 69 ° 50′S 38 ° 45′E ) is a bay comprising the narrow southernmost , or `` bottom , '' portion of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica , marking its head .
Lee Glacier ( 81 ° 15′S 159 ° 7′E ) is a glacier flowing southeast into Jorda Glacier , in the Churchill Mountains , Antarctica .
Moreland Nunatak ( 81 ° 15′S 87 ° 5′W ) is an isolated nunatak lying about 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) west of the Pirrit Hills in Antarctica .
Hjart Island is an island lying 4 kilometres ( 2 nmi ) west of the Skallen Hills in the eastern part of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Yasen Point ( Bulgarian : нос Ясен , `` Nos Yasen '' \'nos ' ya - sen\ ) is the sharp , rocky point on the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , forming the west side of the entrance to Mateev Cove .
Mount Melbourne is a massive stratovolcano that makes up the projection of the coast between Wood Bay and Terra Nova Bay , in Victoria Land of Antarctica .
The Finlandia Foothills ( 69 ° 56′S 70 ° 9′W ) are a rock massif , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) long and 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) wide , rising to about 1,130 metres ( 3,700 ft ) at the west side of Sibelius Glacier , situated in northern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Toros Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Торос , `` Vrah Toros '' \'vr&h to-'ros\ ) is the rocky twin summit peak rising to 3000 m in Zinsmeister Ridge on the northeast side of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica , and surmounting Dater Glacier to the east and its tributary Hinkley Glacier to the northwest .
Lake Priyadarshini is a freshwater lake in the Schirmacher Oasis , Antarctica .
About 95 % of current Mizoram population is of diverse tribal origins who settled in the state , mostly from southeast Asia , over waves of migration starting about 16th century but mainly in 18th century .
May Valley ( 83 ° 18′S 51 ° 10′W ) is a nearly flat snow - covered valley along the western flank of the Forrestal Range , at the juncture of Lexington Table and Saratoga Table , in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Stephenson a mountain in Antarctica .
The Lågkollane Hills ( 72 ° 8′S 22 ° 28′E ) are a group of hills standing 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) north of Bamse Mountain between Kreitzerisen and Hansenbreen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica .
Dakshin Gangotri was the first scientific base station of India situated in Antarctica , part of the Indian Antarctic Program .
Jacobs Peninsula is a massive peninsula , 5 miles ( 8 km ) long and 3 miles ( 5 km ) wide , extending east from Nash Range into the Ross Ice Shelf , Antarctica .
Linchpin Ice Rise ( 69 ° 4′S 67 ° 27′W ) is a small ice rise northeast of Miller Ice Rise , situated near the ice front of Wordie Ice Shelf on the Fallières Coast of Antarctica .
Kormesiy Peak ( Vrah Kormesiy \'vr&h kor-'me - siy\ ) is a rocky peak rising to 235 m in the southeast extremity of Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Strider Rock ( 78 ° 2′S 155 ° 26′W ) is a rock 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) northwest of Mount Nilsen in the Rockefeller Mountains of Edward VII Peninsula , Marie Byrd Land , West Antarctica .
The Lassus Mountains ( 69 ° 35′S 71 ° 38′W ) are a large group of mountains , 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) long and 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) wide , rising to 2,100 metres ( 6,900 ft ) and extending south from Palestrina Glacier in the northwest part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Gibbon Nunatak ( 85 ° 31′S 127 ° 36′W ) is an isolated nunatak on the north side of the Wisconsin Range , Antarctica , standing 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) north of Lentz Buttress on the west side of Davisville Glacier .
Panega Glacier ( Lednik Panega \'led - nik ' pa - ne - ga\ ) on Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica is situated southeast of the northeastern portion of Saedinenie Snowfield , south of Rose Valley Glacier , southwest of Debelt Glacier and north of lower Kaliakra Glacier .
Mount Sandow ( 67 ° 22′S 100 ° 24′E ) is a nunatak overlooking the Denman Glacier about 11 miles southwest of Mount Amundsen in Antarctica .
Dewart Island is the central island in the Frazier Islands , in Vincennes Bay , Wilkes Land , East Antarctica .
Mount Hanssen ( 85 ° 59′S 164 ° 28′W ) is an ice - covered mountain distinguished by a sharp peak , 3,280 metres ( 10,760 ft ) high , standing at the southernmost point of Rawson Plateau in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
The Wilhelm Archipelago ( 65 ° 8′S 64 ° 20′W ) is an island archipelago off the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula in Antarctica .
Hudak Peak ( 79 ° 58′S 81 ° 40′W ) is a peak rising to 1,440 metres ( 4,720 ft ) immediately south of Plummer Glacier in the Douglas Peaks of the Heritage Range , in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica .
Erehwon Nunatak ( 74 ° 31′S 76 ° 41′W ) is a small nunatak , 6 metres ( 20 ft ) high and 15 metres ( 50 ft ) long , at an elevation of 1,050 metres ( 3,440 ft ) , located 16 nautical miles ( 30 km ) northwest of Henkle Peak in Ellsworth Land , Antarctica .
Villard Point is a point projecting 500 m into Barclay Bay from Robbery Beaches on Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Baba Tonka Cove and the west side of the entrance to Kukuzel Cove .
The Pensacola Mountains are a large group of mountain ranges and peaks in Queen Elizabeth Land , Antarctica , extending 450 km ( 280 mi ) in a NE - SW direction , comprising the Argentina Range , Forrestal Range , Dufek Massif , Cordiner Peaks , Neptune Range , Patuxent Range , Rambo Nunataks and Pecora Escarpment .
Moore Pinnacle ( 80 ° 13′S 156 ° 49′E ) is a solitary peak rising to 2,650 metres ( 8,700 ft ) in the southern part of Mount Olympus , in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
McCleary Glacier ( 79 ° 33′S 156 ° 50′E ) is a broad glacier about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long , draining southward into Darwin Glacier , Antarctica , just west of Tentacle Ridge .
The Midgley Reefs ( 66 ° 20′S 110 ° 22′E ) are several tidal and submerged rocks among the islands lying off the west side of Midgley Island , in the Windmill Islands , Antarctica .
Belchin Rock ( Bulgarian : скала Белчин , `` Skala Belchin '' ska-'la bel-'chin ) is a rock off the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated in Hero Bay 2.2 km ( 1.4 mi ) northeast of Siddins Point and 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) north of Melta Point .
Esteverena Point is the rocky point projecting 700 m into Boyd Strait to form the west extremity of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Godfroy Point ( 65 ° 10′S 64 ° 10′W ) is a point which marks the northern extremity of Petermann Island , in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Bigler Nunataks ( 70 ° 45′S 159 ° 55′E ) are a cluster of notable nunataks in Antarctica .
Foyn Island , also known as Svend Foyn Island , is the second largest island in the Possession Islands , East Antarctica , lying 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) south - west of Possession Island .
Martin Cirque ( 77 ° 28′S 162 ° 40′E ) is a prominent cirque , 1.9 nautical miles ( 3.5 km ) northwest of Mount Newall , in the Asgard Range , Antarctica .
The Mackenzie River ( Slavey language : Deh - Cho , big river or Inuvialuktun : Kuukpak , great river ) is the largest and longest river system in Canada , and is exceeded only by the Mississippi River system in North America .
Velký Špičák ( German : Großer Spitzberg or Schmiedeberger Spitzberg ) is a 965 m high mountain in the Czech part of the Ore Mountains of Central Europe .
Lipen Glacier ( Bulgarian : ледник Липен , `` Lednik Lipen '' \'led - nik ' li - pen\ ) is a 5 km long and 3.5 km wide glacier draining the east slopes of the Trojan Range on Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mount Perchot ( 65 ° 44′S 64 ° 10′W ) is a mountain , 2,040 m , surmounted by Lisiya Ridge , a prominent ridge extending in a general north - south direction , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of Magnier Peaks on Magnier Peninsula , Graham Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Elliott Hills ( 71 ° 25′S 65 ° 25′W ) are a group of low hills and nunataks , 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long , that mark the northwest end of the Gutenko Mountains , in central Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Gratton Nunatak ( 86 ° 6′S 127 ° 46′W ) is a bare , linear nunatak lying at the south side of the mouth of McCarthy Glacier , Antarctica , where the latter enters Reedy Glacier .
Ramorino Glacier ( 78 ° 24′S 85 ° 38′W ) is the 8.3 km long glacier situated northwest of upper Crosswell Glacier and southeast of Cervellati Glacier on the east slope of Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Mizukumi Stream ( 69 ° 0′S 39 ° 35′E ) is a small meltwater stream 0.1 nautical miles ( 0.2 km ) north of Hachinosu Peak on East Ongul Island , Antarctica .
The Ellen Glacier is a glacier in the central Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica .
Emamzadeh - ye Hoseyn Asghar ( Persian : امامزاده حسين اصغر‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh - ye Ḩoseyn Āṣghar ) is a village in Barzanun Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tsoukka ( Greek : Τσούκκα ) is a village in the municipal unit of Makrakomi in Phthiotis , Greece .
Chichicastenango , also known as Santo Tomás Chichicastenango , is a town in the El Quiché department of Guatemala , known for its traditional K'iche ' Maya culture .
The Muretto Pass ( Italian : Passo del Muretto ) ( 2,562 m ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
The Mount Royal Cross is a monument on top of Mount Royal in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Katsina is a city ( formerly a city - state ) , and a Local Government Area in northern Nigeria , and is the capital of Katsina State .
Burfjord Church ( Norwegian : Burfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county , Norway .
The Gümüşköy mine is a large silver mine located in the west of Turkey in Aydın Province .
Chong Pang Camp is located in the North of Singapore , next to Sembawang Air Base and opposite Chong Pang City in Yishun New Town .
Ouéoulo is a village in southwestern Ivory Coast .
Moihi Te Matorohanga ( fl . 1836 - -1865 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal tohunga and historian .
Jean - Pierre La Placa ( born 15 June 1973 in Geneva ) is a Swiss former footballer played for a number of clubs in Switzerland and Belgium throughout the 1990s and 2000s .
Samuel Igun ( born February 28 , 1938 in Warri , Delta State ) is a retired Olympic athlete from Nigeria .
Kuno Goda is a pseudonymous Germany - based artist .
Nicolas Dromard ( born October 7 , 1980 in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian singer and stage actor , best known for his performances as Fiyero in the First National Tour and San Francisco productions of the musical Wicked .
Maziar Zare Eshghdoust ( Persian : مازیار زارع عشقدوست‎‎ , born 22 December 1984 in Bandar Anzali , Iran ) is an Iranian Football player .
Rina Jimenez - David ( born January 11 , 1955 ) is notable as a Philippines journalist and columnist for the Philippine Daily Inquirer .
Yolande Thibeault ( born October 8 , 1939 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a journalist and politician in Quebec , Canada .
Vânia Dantas Leite was born in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and studied composition with Frederico Egger and piano with Zila de M. Brito at the Escola Nacional de Musica .
Orhan Uçak ( born 1 January 1956 ) is a former football defender who played for clubs in Turkey and a manager .
Sir Malik Feroz Khan Noon , KCSI , KCIE , OStJ ( Urdu : ملک فیروز خان نون‎ ; 7 May 1893 -- 9 December 1970 ) was a politician from Pakistan .
Govinda Paudel ( Nepali : गोविन्द पौडेल ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Kristiina Lassus ( born 1966 , Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish product designer and interior architect .
Cristián Undurraga ( born October 13 , 1954 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean architect .
Datuk Razali Ibrahim ( born 14 October 1970 ) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Muar constituency in the State of Johor .
Simon Carlsen ( born October 11 , 1984 ) is a Danish mixed martial artist , fighting out of Odense , Denmark .
Brenda Stubbert ( born 1959 ) is a Cape Breton fiddler and composer from Point Aconi , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Percy Rolfe Sargood ( 1865 - -1940 ) was a notable New Zealand businessman and philanthropist .
Laetitia Sonami ( born 1957 France ) is a sound artist , performer , and composer of interactive electronic music who has been based in the San Francisco Bay area since 1978 .
Rentap ( born Libau Anak Ningkan ) was a famous Iban Dayak warrior and the most renowned Iban hero in Sarawak , Malaysia during the Brooke White Rajah colonization era .
Lila Kumari Bhandari ( Nepali : लीला कुमारी भण्डारी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
David Derek Sikua ( born 10 October 1959 ) served as the ninth Prime Minister of Solomon Islands from 20 December 2007 to 25 August 2010 .
Jacek Jędruch ( Warsaw , Poland , 1927 -- Athens , Greece , 1995 ) was a Polish - American nuclear engineer and historian of Polish representative government .
Maree Bowden ( née Grubb ; born 20 November 1979 in Clyde , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand international netball player .
Alfredo Aglietti , born September 16 , 1970 in San Giovanni Valdarno , Italy , is a retired Italian footballer and the current coach .
Jonas Jones ( May 19 , 1791 -- July 30 , 1848 ) was a lawyer , judge , farmer and political figure in Upper Canada .
Alireza Novin ( Persian : علیرضا نوین‎ , born 27 February 1961 ) is the former Mayor of Tabriz , Iran .
Ivica Kirin ( born 14 June 1970 ) is a Croatian politician who was the Interior Minister of Croatia from 2005 to 2007 .
Stanislav Todorov Trifonov ( Bulgarian : Станислав Тодоров Трифонов ) ( born 18 October 1966 ) , known as Slavi Trifonov ( Bulgarian : Слави Трифонов ) , is a Bulgarian showman , actor , singer , and viola , дайре и дудук,player , born in Pleven ( Bulgarian : Плевен ) , Bulgaria .
Stan Cassin ( born February 19 , 1935 ) was a former provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada .
Yasin Abu Bakr ( born Lennox Philip ) is the leader of the Jamaat al Muslimeen , a Muslim group in Trinidad and Tobago .
Sipke Zijlstra ( born 13 April 1985 ) is a retired track cyclist from Netherlands .
Vasant Sabnis ( Devanagari : वसंत सबनीस ) ( 1923 - 2002 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Birgit Fischer ( born February 25 , 1962 ) is a German kayaker , who has won eight gold medals over six different Olympic Games , a record she shares with Aladár Gerevich , spanning seven Olympiads : twice representing East Germany ( interrupted by the boycott of 1984 ) , then four times representing the reunited nation .
Zahava Burack was born in 1932 in the shtetl of Nowy Korczyn , Poland .
The fourth of eight children , Omar Sy was born in Trappes in the Yvelines department , France .
Sardar Gouthu Latchanna ( 16 August 1909 -- 19 April 2006 ) was a veteran freedom fighter from India .
Anisa Kospiri ( born c. 1980 ) won the title of Miss Universe Albania 2001 .
Mouche Phillips ( born 23 March 1973 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian actress , voice actress and theatre producer , best known for her television roles as Viv Newton in Home and Away ( 1989 - -90 ) and Eva Sykes in police procedural series Water Rats ( 2000 - -01 ) .
Mary Isabella Lee ( 18 June 1871 - -7 August 1939 ) was a New Zealand servant , dressmaker , coalminer and homemaker .
Marián Čalfa ( born 7 May 1946 in Trebišov ) was a Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia during and after the Velvet Revolution , as well as de facto acting President for 19 days , and was a key facilitator of the smooth transfer of power from Communist rule to a new democratic representation .
Nikola Jakimovski is eligible to represent Macedonia and Bulgaria at international level .
Stephen Eagleton ( born 26 October 1976 in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is a retired Australian footballer .
Petri Kaverma ( born 1963 ) is a Finnish artist and curator who has held several private exhibitions , and participated in various group and joint exhibitions both in Finland and abroad .
Lina Teoh ( born c. 1977 ) is a Malaysian actress , TV Host , model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Malaysia World 1998/1999 pageant and represented Malaysia in the Miss World 1998 contest in Mahe Island , Seychelles where she finished third , behind winner Linor Abargil of Israel and runner up Véronique Caloc of France .
Dadabhai Naoroji ( 4 September 1825 -- 30 June 1917 ) , known as the Grand Old Man of India , was a Parsi intellectual , educator , cotton trader , and an early Indian political and social leader .
Bethwell Allan Ogot ( born 1929 ) is a historian from Kenya .
Mohammed el Gharani is a citizen of Chad and native of Saudi Arabia born in 1986 , in Medina .
Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( 1928 -- 22 October 2011 ) ( Arabic : سلطان بن عبدالعزيز آل سعود‎ ) , called Sultan al - Khair ( Arabic : سلطان الخير‎ , Sultan of goodness ) in Saudi Arabia , was the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia from 2005 to 2011 .
Munira Fakhro ( Arabic : منيرة فخرو‎ ) is a Bahraini academic and was a candidate in Bahrain 's 2006 general election for the opposition Waad .
Regina José Galindo ( born August 27 , 1974 ) is a Guatemalan performance artist who specializes in body art . She was born in Guatemala City .
Mohamed Saïd Benrahma ( born 10 August 1995 in Aïn Témouchent , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who currently plays for French Ligue 1 side OGC Nice and the Algeria national team .
Deepa Panta was born to Bishnu Kumar Panta and Bhawani Panta in 1986 at Prasuti Griha Hospital in Kathmandu , Nepal as a first child of her parents .
Marcos Roberto Nascimento da Silva , usually known as Marcos Tamandaré ( born on March 20 , 1981 in Barreiros , Pernambuco , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian football right back , currently playing in the Brazilian league for Salgueiro A.C.
Emiliano Cotelo studied Engineering at the Universidad de la Republica in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Albert E. Todd ( August 5 , 1878 -- October 26 , 1928 ) served as mayor of Victoria , BC Canada from 1917 to 1919 .
Yulia Raskina ( Юлия Раскина ) ( born April 9 , 1982 in Minsk , Belarus ) is a former individual rhythmic gymnast .
Shinji Kagawa ( Japanese : 香川 真司 Kagawa Shinji ( kagawa ɕindʑi̥ ) ; born 17 March 1989 ) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays for German club Borussia Dortmund and the Japan national team .
Boris Zloković ( born 16 March 1984 in Kotor , SR Montenegro , Yugoslavia ) is a retired Montenegrin water polo player .
Loïc Korval ( born May 15 , 1988 in Nogent - sur - Marne , France ) is a French judoka who won a bronze medal at the 2010 World Judo Championships and a silver medal at the 2010 European Judo Championships .
Lê Đức Anh ( born 1 December 1920 ) is a Vietnamese general and politician who was President of Vietnam from 1992 to 1997 .
Youk Chhang is the Executive Director of the Documentation Center of Cambodia ( DC - Cam ) and a survivor of the Khmer Rouge 's `` killing fields . ''
Tim Mannah ( born 15 February 1988 , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of Lebanese descent currently playing for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League ( NRL ) .
Günter Platzek ( 18 July 1930 in Hanover , Germany -- 29 November 1990 in Hamburg , Germany ) was a German keyboard player .
Robert Heiße born 18 July 1983 in Dresden , Germany is a footballer who plays for FSV Neusalza - Spremberg .
William Beehan ( 1853 -- 27 October 1917 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 22 June 1903 to 21 June 1910 ; and then 22 June 1910 -- 21 June 1917 when his term ended .
Terje Håkonsen ( born 11 October 1974 in Vinje , Norway ) is a Norwegian professional snowboarder .
Bhikari Bal was born in Kendrapara district in the state of Odisha , India .
Persida Nenadović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Персида Ненадовић ; 15 February 1813 -- 29 March 1873 ) was the Princess consort of Serbia as the wife of Alexander Karađorđević , who ruled the Principality of Serbia from his election on 14 September 1842 until his abdication on 24 October 1858 .
Ali Said Abdella ( September 1949 -- August 28 , 2005 ) was an Eritrean rebel commander , politician and diplomat , who at the time of his death was serving as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Eritrea .
Noel Starblanket ( born 1946 ) is a First Nations leader in Canada .
Mir Bashir Gasimov ( Azerbaijani : Mirbəşir Qasımov ; Russian : Мир Башир Касумов ; 1879 -- 1949 ) was an Azerbaijani statesman and revolutionary , one of the followers of Nariman Narimanov 's national communism policy in the Azerbaijan SSR .
Darja Švajger ( born 1965 in Maribor , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is one of Slovenia 's most popular singers , perhaps best known internationally for having represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest on two occasions .
Edward Francis Harris ( 13 May 1834 - -26 July 1898 ) was a New Zealand public servant , interpreter , landowner , genealogist .
Marko Ahtisaari ( born 1969 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish technology entrepreneur and musician .
Charles Allan Marris ( 11 September 1876 - -30 June 1947 ) was a New Zealand journalist and editor .
Mariano Arana ( born March 6 , 1933 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan architect and politician , former Minister of Housing , Spatial Planning and Environment of Uruguay and former mayor of Montevideo .
Upon his return to the then East Germany , he started another private laboratory , Forschungsinstitut Manfred von Ardenne .
Karl - Johan Johnsson represented Sweden at U19 level before moving up to the Swedish U21 team and debuting against the Slovakian U21 team in 2009 .
Alaeddin Boroujerdi is the Chairman for the Committee for Foreign Policy and National Security of the Islamic Consultative Assembly of Iran .
As Lieutenant David Lansana he was a frequent and popular visitor to the home of Sir Robert de Zouche Hall , Governor of Sierra Leone 1952 - 1956 .
Joel O'Keeffe ( born 6 September 1982 in Warrnambool , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian musician .
Néria Lúcio Buzatto ( Monte Santo de Minas , January 13 of 1980 ) is a lawyer and politician of Brazil .
Augustyn Michał Stefan Radziejowski ( 3 December 1645 -- 13 October 1705 ) was an Archbishop of Gniezno and Cardinal Primate of the Roman Catholic Church in Poland , son of Hieronim Radziejowski .
Vávra Suk ( born 18 March 1973 in Prague ) is a nationalist politician in Sweden .
Irina Dorofeeva is a singer from Belarus .
Hong Song - nam ( 2 October 1929 -- 31 March 2009 ) was the Premier of North Korea from 1997 to 2003 .
Dr Joseph Toscano ( born 1952 ) is a medical practitioner , a broadcaster and an anarchist who lives in Melbourne , Australia .
Enrique Carrión Olivares ( Santiago de Cuba , 11 October 1967 ) is a Cuban boxer best known to win the 1989 World Amateur Boxing Championships at bantamweight .
The pair became acquainted when Göring was flying Eric von Rosen in bad weather from Stockholm to Rockelstad Castle , at the lake Båven in Sörmland , Sweden .
Louise Gade ( born 15 June 1972 , in Thyborøn ) is a Danish cand.jur . , president of Aarhus VIA University College and former mayor of Aarhus , Denmark .
Rolf von Goth ( 1906 - -1981 ) was a film actor from Windhoek in German Southwest Africa who settled and worked in Germany .
Mokete Shadrack Chakela , more commonly known as Mosotho Chakela or just Chakela , was born 1963 in Mafeteng , Lesotho in Southern Africa .
Tan Tarn How is a Singaporean playwright and senior research fellow at the Institute of Policy Studies ( Singapore ) .
Meera Shankar ( 9 October 1950 ) served as India 's Ambassador to the United States of America from 26 April , 2009 to 2011 .
Isaac Ladipo Oluwole ( 1892 - -1953 ) was a Nigerian doctor who made important improvements to the public health services in Nigeria .
Ion Adrian Zare ( born 11 May 1959 ) is a retired Romanian footballer , He earned 7 caps for the Romania national football team , and participated in UEFA Euro 1984 .
Charles Romulus Ducharme ( November 4 , 1886 -- February 15 , 1976 ) was a politician in Quebec , Canada and an eight - term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec ( MLA ) .
Peter - John Vettese ( born 15 August 1956 in Scotland ) , also known as Peter Vettese , is a British keyboardist , songwriter , arranger and record producer .
Professor Fidelis Oditah , QC , SAN , LLB ( Lagos ) , MA , BCL , DPhil ( Oxon ) , is an English barrister , an authority on insolvency law , and a prospective Governor of Delta State in Nigeria .
Sir Keith Macpherson Smith KBE , ( 20 December 1890 -- 19 December 1955 ) was an Australian aviator , who , along with his brother , Sir Ross Macpherson Smith and two other men , became the first people to fly from England to Australia .
Hjalmar Broch was born in 1882 at Horten , Vestfold , Norway .
Fred Klein ( 8 April 1898 - 24 April 1990 ) was a Dutch painter who spent much of his life in France .
Evgeni Berzin ( Russian : Евгений Берзин ; born 3 June 1970 in Vyborg , Russia ) is a Russian former cyclist whose best year was 1994 , when he won the Giro d'Italia and Liège--
Carlo Ljubek was born as a son of Croatian migrants in Bocholt , Germany .
Alfonso Mora ( born May 23 , 1964 in Washington D.C. ) , is a former professional tennis player from Venezuela .
Ravi Navlani Premkumar ( born 19 January 1980 ; Indore , India ) is an entrepreneur and CEO at Surya Group , a member of Entrepreneurs ' Organization , Ernst & Young 's Entrepreneur of the Year in Russia Award holder nominated `` Success in Russia '' .
Paul Heeren ( born 22 November 1954 in Adelaide Australia ) is a guitarist and songwriter .
Jens Aars was born in Christiania ( now Oslo , Norway ) .
Dmitry Kalinovsky ( born February 24 , 1972 ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Minsk , Belarus , who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 ( Atlanta , Georgia ) .
You Bo is a Khmer writer and the president of the Khmer Writers ' Association , whose office is located at Wat Botum , Oknha Suor Srun Street 7 , Sangkat Chaktomuk , Khan Daun Penh , Phnom Penh 12207 , Cambodia .
Odd Fossum ( 15 December 1905 -- 23 July 1958 ) was a Norwegian shop assistant , and leader of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions from 1941 to 1945 , under the Nazi regime during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany .
Şermin Langhoff ( born in 1969 ) theater producer based in Germany who immigrated from Turkey as a child .
Rasmus Videbæk is a Danish cinematographer , born 21 February 1973 in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Right Reverend Emmanuel Thomas Savundaranayagam ( Tamil : இம்மானுவேல் தோமசு சௌந்தரநாயகம் ; born 13 July 1938 ) is a Sri Lanka Tamil priest and former Roman Catholic Bishop of Jaffna .
Tevfik Esenç ( 1904 -- 7 October 1992 ) was a Circassian exile in Turkey and the last known fully competent speaker of the Ubykh language .
Erick Chapa ( born on July 5 , 1985 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , is a Mexican television actor .
Andris Teikmanis ( 29 November 1959 ; Riga , Latvia ) is a Latvian lawyer , politician , and diplomat .
Hukmdev Narayan Yadav is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India and a former Union Minister of State .
Jorge Ayala ( born February 14 , 1944 , in Formosa , Argentina ) better known as King Clave , is an Argentine singer and songwriter whose hits were known in the 70 's and 80 's .
Nora Tschirner was born in East Berlin ( then East Germany ) to the documentary film director Joachim Tschirner and the radio journalist Waltraud Tschirner .
Reremoana Hakiwai ( 3 February 1889 -- 8 March 1981 ) was a New Zealand cook and community leader .
The Indian Social Disparity Removal Bill , 1979 The discussion on the Bill in the House led to Constitution of the All India Backward Class Commission headed by Late B.P. Mandal of which Roop Nath Singh Yadav was a co - opted Member for Uttar Pradesh .
Sangre Azteca 's real name is not revealed in public , as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans .
Michael Brook ( born 1951 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian guitarist , inventor , producer , and film music composer .
Tommy Bauro ( born 15 August 1965 ) is a former boxer who competed for the Solomon Islands .
Katherine Te Rongokahira Parata ( 1873 - -1939 ) was a New Zealand woman of mana .
Lasse Hoile ( born 1973 in Aarhus , Denmark ) is an acclaimed artist of mixed media , photographer , graphic artist writer , film - maker / director , and cinematographer .
José Luis Murature ( 27 January 1876 - 15 September 1929 ) was an Argentine lawyer , journalist , professor and foreign minister of Argentina from 1914 - 1916 .
Christian or Christen Mule ( died 1589 ) was a merchant and Mayor of Oslo , Norway .
In June 2009 Pat Cox temporarily stepped down as President and took over the position of the campaign director for the pro - Lisbon treaty initiative Ireland for Europe .
Aino Elina Salo ( born 9 March 1936 in Sipoo , Finland ) is a Finnish film , theatre and television actress who has also done work in radio as a voice actor in children 's programming .
Mary Cuddie ( 1823 - -1889 ) was a New Zealand farmwife , midwife and shopkeeper .
Liu Xizai has had a great influence in China for his correct and outstanding appreciation of quantities of literature books or poem written by many famous people such as Du Fu , Wang Wei , Liu Yuxi and so on .
Roz Turnbull ( born 1972 ) is a New Zealand actress who has appeared in a number of films and television series in New Zealand , but is best known for her role as Rochelle in Outrageous Fortune .
Clinton A. J. Duffy ( born c.1966 ) is a New Zealand marine scientist , who works in the Marine Conservation Unit of the Department of Conservation .
Maria Ibeshi Hewa ( born June 10 , 1950 ) is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania .
Helgi Sveinsson ( born 11 June 1979 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Iceland competing in throwing , sprint and jumping events .
Anabela Braz Pires ( born September 22 , 1976 in Almada ) is a Portuguese singer and musical theatre actress , best known in Portugal by her first name , Anabela .
Sandra Gomis ( born November 21 , 1983 in Saint Nazaire , France ) is a French track and field athlete who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles .
Guy Lagneau ( 1915 -- 16 December 1996 ) was a French architect , one of the founders of Atelier LWD , who was involved in many major projects in France and Africa .
Takis Dimopoulos ( Greek:Τάκης Δημόπουλος , Pyrgos , Greece , 1898 -- Athens , Greece 1981 ) was a Greek essayist , novelist and philologist .
1911 - Caleb Gattegno was born in Alexandria , Egypt , on November 11 .
Suban Ngernprasert ( Thai : สุบรรณ เงินประเสริฐ , born October 22 , 1994 ) simply known as Bas ( Thai : บาส ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Mansour Eid was born in Bteddine El Loqch , a village of the Jezzine district in southern Lebanon in 1944 .
Réda Tamni better known as Reda Taliani ( in Arabic رضى الطلياني ) ( born 1980 in El Biar , Algiers , Algeria ) is an Algerian raï singer and musician .
Jørgen Lindegaard graduated with a Masters degree in Civil Engineering from the Technical University of Denmark in 1975 and immediately joined Philips Telekommunikation , a subsidiary of the Dutch Philips conglomerate , where he stayed until 1977 .
Maharaia Winiata ( 1912 - -1960 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , Methodist minister , teacher , anthropologist , broadcaster and community leader .
Walter Zimper ( 29 April 1942 in Markt Piesting , Lower Austria ; 13 January 2008 in Sankt Pölten ) was an Austrian politician of the ÖVP .
Julio Le Parc ( born September 23 , 1928 ) is an Argentina - born artist who focuses on both modern op art and kinetic art . Le Parc attended the School of Fine Arts in Argentina .
Cemil Çiçek ( pronounced ( dʒemil tʃitʃec ) ; born 15 November 1946 ) is a Turkish politician who was the Speaker of the Parliament of Turkey between 4 July 2011 and 7 June 2015 .
Krassimir Avramov ( Bulgarian : Красимир Аврамов ) born November 5 , 1972 in Sliven , Bulgaria is a singer and songwriter .
Azor LeBlanc ( October 27 , 1927 - July 31 , 2011 ) is a former business owner and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Abbé Auguste - Théodore - Paul de Broglie ( June 18 , 1834 in Auteuil , France -- May 11 , 1895 ) was professor of apologetics at the Institut Catholique in Paris , and writer on apologetic subjects .
Kazimierz Prószyński ( 4 April 1875 -- 13 March 1945 ) , born in Warsaw , Poland , was a Polish inventor active in the field of cinema .
Alfred Amory George ( 20 April 1854 - -13 October 1930 ) was a New Zealand journalist , newspaper proprietor and editor , printer .
Hilary Palma ( born January 5 , 1997 in Trujillo , Peru ) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays for the Peru national team .
Carl Bosch was born in Cologne , Germany to a successful gas and plumbing supplier .
Harmeet Singh Sooden ( born 24 March 1973 ) is a Canadian - New Zealand anti - war activist who volunteered for the international NGO Christian Peacemaker Teams in Iraq .
Ding Ruchang ( Chinese : 丁汝昌 ; pinyin : Dīng Rǔchāng ; Wade -- Giles : Ting Ju - ch'ang ) ( 18 November 1836 -- 12 February 1895 ) was a career military officer in the late Qing dynasty military of China .
August Duvier ( March 16 , 1860 -- January 14 , 1928 ) was a Danish stained glass artist and manufacturer active in Denmark in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Jenna McDougall was born in Sydney , Australia and has two sisters .
Emilio Falero ( born 1947 in Sagua la Grande , Cuba ) is a Cuban artist residing in Florida , U.S.A. since 1962 .
He is the third in a family of guitar makers ( his father , Juan Orozco , built guitars in Spain , Uruguay and Brazil ) .
Toni Potter ( born 1978/1979 ) is a New Zealand actress , best known for her role on the New Zealand medical drama , Shortland Street .
Bernhard Müller , known as Count de Leon ( born March 21 , 1788 , Kostheim , Germany - died August 29 , 1834 , Natchitoches Parish , Louisiana ) , was a German Christian mystic and alchemist of uncertain origins .
Rico Rex started figure skating when he was four years old as the result of a talent screening in East Germany .
Malek Yawahab ( Thai : มาเล็ก ยาวาหาบ , born June 15 , 1983 ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Predrag Bubalo ( Serbian : Предраг Бубало ) ( born 14 October 1954 Vladičin Han , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian politician who held various ministerial positions in the Government of Serbia under Prime Minister Vojislav Koštunica .
Patricia Szarvas ( born 21 January 1970 in Vienna , Austria ) is a freelance moderator , executive media coach and writer .
Goudarz Davoudi ( Persian : گودرز داوودی‎‎ , born 7 April 1993 ) is an Iranian Football Goalkeeper , who currently plays for Persian Gulf Pro League club Esteghlal Khuzestan and also Iran national under-23 football team .
George Bryce ( April 22 , 1844 -- August 5 , 1931 ) was a Presbyterian minister and a prolific author , writing on many topics including history of the Red River Colony in what is now Manitoba , Canada .
Clement Gordon Watson ( 1912 - -1945 ) was a notable New Zealand communist , journalist and soldier .
Alex Sholler , better known by her stage name Alison Wonderland , is a Sydney - based DJ and producer signed to EMI Music Australia , which is part of Universal Music Australia .
Maria Silva Cruz ( April 20 , 1915 - August 23 , 1936 ) was a Spanish anarchist and a hero of the Casas Viejas Uprising in Spain .
Zoltán Pogátsa ( Hungarian : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈpoɡaːtʃa ) born 1974 ) is a Hungarian political economist who teaches at the University of West Hungary , focusing on the economics of European integration .
Alexander William Francis Banfield , Frank Banfield , A. W. F , Banfield , was one of the small group of early Canadian mammalogists who worked with Canadian Wildlife Service ( CWS ) and the National Museum of Canada .
Carlos Sorín ( born 1944 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a film director , screenplay writer , cinematographer , and film producer .
Ahmad Syafi'i Maarif was the leader of Muhammadiyah , one of the two biggest Muslim organizations in Indonesia , in 1998 - 2005 .
Mariana Fleitas Rieira , commonly known as Mariana Fleitas ( born 6 March 1981 ) is a team handball player from Uruguay who plays on the Uruguay women 's national handball team .
AbdelRahman Mansour ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن منصور‎ ; other transliterations include : AbdulRahman , Abdul Rahman , born 1987 in Mansoura , Egypt ) is an Internet activist and journalist with an interest in political activism and broadcasting .
Moothedath Panjan Ramachandran is an Indian businessman from Thrissur - Kerala in India .
Ralph Hutton ( born March 6 , 1948 ) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in three consecutive Olympic Games in 1964 , 1968 and 1972 .
The book about Nikolai Ezhov written by Nikita Petrov and Marc Jansen is based on the archives made accessible after the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
G. Venkateswaran ( 13 January 1948 -- 3 May 2003 ) , popularly known as G.V. , was a film producer and a highly qualified Chartered Accountant from the Prestigious ICAI , The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India .
Teremoana Rapley ( born 1973 ) is a New Zealand singer , MC and television presenter , best known for her work in the 1990s with Upper Hutt Posse and Moana and the Moahunters .
María Luisa Dehesa Gómez Farías was a Mexican architect who worked for close to 50 years in the Federal District of Mexico City , primarily designing single - family homes and apartment buildings .
Edward Dobson ( 1816/17 ? -- 19 September 1908 ) was Provincial Engineer for Canterbury Province , New Zealand from 1854 to 1868 .
Ayatollah Sayed Mortada Al - Qazwini ( born 1931 ) is a Muslim religious authority who resides in Karbala , Iraq .
Alice Mary Cassie ( 19 November 1887 - -17 March 1963 ) was a New Zealand political activist and feminist .
Aili Keskitalo ( born 29 October 1968 ) is a Norwegian Sami politician representing Norwegian Sámi Association ( NSR ) , and sami the fifth and current president of the Sami Parliament of Norway , incumbent since 16 October 2013 .
Kang Chang - hee ( Korean : 강창희 ) is the Speaker of the 19th National Assembly of South Korea , succeeding acting Speaker Chung Eui - hwa on 2 July 2012 , for a two - year term .
Armen Movsisyan ( Արմեն Մովսիսյան ) ( 13 January 1962 -- 21 September 2015 ) was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources of Armenia ( 2001 - -2014 ) .
Rasheed Masood ( born 15 August 1947 ) is the first Indian parliamentarian to be found guilty in a criminal case after the Supreme Court of India ruled that lawmakers stand immediately disqualified if they are convicted for offenses that carry a sentence of more than two years .
Ashkhen often known as Queen Ashkhen ( Armenian : Աշխեն , flourished second half of the 3rd century & first half of the 4th century ) was the wife of King Tiridates III of Armenia .
Arnon Goldfinger was born in Ramat Gan , Israel , to parents who immigrated from Germany and Czechoslovakia .
Akinyelure Patrick Ayo is an approved tax practitioner of the Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria .
Malik Beyleroğlu ( born January 21 , 1970 ) is a former amateur boxer from Turkey .
Alice - Leone Moats ( 1908 - -1989 ) was an American journalist and author who was born in Mexico to wealthy and socially prominent American parents .
Jasmine Keene ( born 14 January 1987 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian netball player , primarily in the position of goal shooter .
Samdech Sangha Raja Jhotañano Chuon Nath ( Khmer : ជួន ណាត ( cuən naːt ) ; 11 March 1883 -- 25 September 1969 ) is the late Kana Mahanikaya Supreme Patriarch of Cambodia .
Dene Davies ( born 23 January 1947 in Hindmarsh , South Australia ) is a retired Australian motorcycle speedway rider .
Professor R K Joshi ( born 1936 in Kolhapur , Maharashtra , India - died 5 February 2008 in San Francisco , USA ) was an academic type designer and calligrapher .
Arend von Stryk ( born 10 February 1970 ) is a Namibian footballer with SK Windhoek in the Namibia Premier League .
Ashley Paske ( born 19 July 1970 in Nowra , New South Wales , Australia ) and educated at Figtree High School is an actor , best known for his role in the television series Neighbours .
Janet Cardiff was born in 1957 in Brussels , Ontario , Canada , and grew up on a farm outside of a small village .
Adad - nirari III ( also Adad - narari ) was a King of Assyria from 811 to 783 BC .
Sean Thornton ( born 18 May 1983 in Drogheda , Ireland ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Drogheda United in SSE Airtricity League .
In 1953 Ilse Thiele succeeded Elli Schmidt as national president of the Democratic Women 's League , one of several quasi - political mass movements that were a feature of East Germany 's Soviet based constitutional structure .
Prashanti Singh ( born 5 May 1984 , Varanasi , India ) is a shooting guard for the Indian national women 's basketball team .
Belchior Carneiro Leitão , often known as Melchior Carneiro ( 1516 at Coimbra , Portugal -- 19 August 1583 at Macau ) was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary bishop .
Ernesto Alemann ( 1893 -- 1982 ) was the son of Swiss immigrants to Argentina .
Lyne Bessette ( born 10 March 1975 , Lac Brome , Quebec ) is a professional bicycle racer from Quebec , Canada .
Carl Hecker ( also spelled Karl Hecker ) was born in Elberfeld , Germany 22 .
Janaq Paço ( 1914 , Konitsa , Kingdom of Greece - 1991 , Tirana , Albania ) was one of the most known Albanian sculptors of the 20th century .
Abdolreza Ghanbari ( born c. 1968 ) is an Iranian university lecturer convicted of Moharebeh ( waging war against God ) currently awaiting execution in Iran .
Nicolas Hyeronimus ( 1 January 1808 -- 27 June 1860 ) was a pioneering innkeeper , merchant , pastoralist and politician in colonial New South Wales , Australia .
Tim Steward is a musician , singer , and songwriter from Brisbane , Australia .
Florencio del Castillo was born in Ujarrás , Costa Rica , near the colonial capital of Cartago , on October 17 , 1778 .
Maho Nonami ( 野波麻帆 Nonami Maho born 13 June 1980 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese actress , best known for her role in the critically acclaimed 2LDK .
Carl Michael von Hausswolff ( born 1956 ) is a composer , visual artist , and curator based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Dr Nagalingam Ethirveerasingam represented Sri Lanka ( then Ceylon ) in the 1952 and 1956 Olympic Games and three Asian Games .
Zsófia Bán was born in Rio de Janeiro and grew up in Brazil and Hungary .
Vahe Stepanyan ( Armenian : Վահե Ստեփանյան ; born on April 6 , 1948 in Stepanakert , Artsakh ) is a prominent Armenian lawyer , a Doctor of Judicial Science ( PhD ) , who served as the first minister of justice of the Republic of Armenia .
Françoise Chandernagor divides her life between Paris and France 's central region .
Leo Allatius was a Greek , born on the island of Chios ( then part of the Ottoman Empire and known as Sakız ) in 1586 .
The Afro - Brazilian group Ilê Aiyê was founded on 1974 by Antônio Carlos `` Vovô '' and Apolônio de Jesus in the neighborhood of Liberdade , the largest black population area of Salvador , Bahia , Brazil .
Marianne Smith ( 1851 - -1938 ) was a notable New Zealand businesswoman , community worker and philanthropist .
Percival Turnbull ( 25 October 1862 -- 12 March 1937 ) was an Australian - born New Zealand cricketer who played for Otago .
François Gabart ( born 23 March 1983 in Saint - Michel - d'Entraygues , France ) is a French professional offshore yacht racer who won the 2012 - 13 Vendée Globe in 78 days 2 hours 16 minutes , setting a new race record .
Sgt . Ebenezer Washburn , Esq . , J.P. , U.E. ( April 8 , 1756 -- November 12 , 1826 ) was a businessman and political figure in Upper Canada .
Paul Pietsch ( 20 June 1911 -- 31 May 2012 ) was a racing driver , journalist and publisher from Germany , who founded the magazine Das Auto .
Gianfranco Facco - Bonetti ( born 1940 in Galeata , Italy ) is an Italian diplomat and is the current Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Russian Federation .
Marc Barthel ( also known as Jesse D'Lane ) is a singer , actor , songwriter and dubbing actor from Berlin , Germany .
Clergé was the greatest player of real tennis in the mid 18th century , with the height of his career being about 1753 in France .
Gabriel Caruana ( born in 1929 in Malta ) is a Maltese artist who works primarily in ceramics .
Professor Karim Vessal is an Iranian Physician and a pioneer of radiology and nuclear medicine in Iran .
Vindy Lee ( born November 23 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian celebrity chef , TV personality and author of the Sexy Food cookbook .
Omaheke governor Rapama Kamehozu died in office from cancer on March 23 , 2013 , at Roman Catholic Hospital in Windhoek , Namibia , at the age of 63 .
Pasquale de Luca ( surname also spelled DeLuca ) ( born 26 May 1962 in Edmonton ) is a former professional soccer player from Alberta , Canada .
Andries Jan Pieters ( 1916 -- 21 March 1952 ) was a Dutch war criminal and , together with Artur Albrecht , was one of the last two people to be executed in the Netherlands .
Krzysztof Hotowski ( born 25 November 1981 in Zgierz , Poland ) is a Polish rugby union player who plays as a wing or centre .
Joël Robert ( born 26 November 1943 in Châtelet , Belgium ) is a Belgian former professional motocross racer who won the 250cc Motocross World Championship six times including five times in a row .
Al - Hajj Murad Ebrahim ( born May 2 , 1948 ) is the current chairman of the southern Philippines ' Islamist group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front .
Jay Epae ( 7 March 1933 -- 25 July 1994 ) , born Nicholas Epae , was a Māori pop singer from Manaia , Taranaki , New Zealand .
The headquarters of the World Trade Organization in Geneva , Switzerland ( Centre William Rappard , built to house the International Labour Organization ) and the Chemin William Rappard in Bellevue , Switzerland , have been named after him .
Kimberly Dos Ramos De Sousa ( born April 15 , 1992 ) is an actress , entertainer , model , and singer from Venezuela .
César Velázquez ( born 16 September 1972 in Asunción , Paraguay ) is a retired Paraguayan footballer who has played for clubs in Paraguay , Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Honduras and Mexico .
Born in Chatham , Canada West , the second son of Alexander Rocke Robertson and Effie Eberts , Robertson attended the Caradoc Academy and then studied law in Chatham .
Giulio Cabianca ( February 19 , 1923 -- June 15 , 1961 ) was a Formula One driver from Italy .
Ian Winchester ( born 27 May 1973 ) is a discus thrower from New Zealand .
Since 2005 he has been in tour in Italy and in Europe with Angelo Branduardi Stefano Olivato is the conductor of Orchestra popolare di Venezia :
Rajkumar Dhoot , Member of Parliament ( Rajya Sabha ) representing the State of Maharashtra , India and Immediate Past - President of the Apex Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry , ASSOCHAM ( The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India ) is also the Promoter & Co - Owner of the diversified Videocon Group of Companies .
Simeon Bulgaru ( born 26 May 1985 in Chişinău ) is a football player from Moldova who plays for FC Irtysh Pavlodar .
Adame Ba Konaré ( born 1 May 1947 in Segu , Mali ) is a Malian historian and writer who is married to Alpha Oumar Konaré , former President of Mali .
Earle Maynier ( died September 1972 ) was a Jamaican diplomat who served as Jamaica 's High Commissioner to Canada from 1962 to 1965 .
Jean Châtel ( 1575 -- 29 December 1594 ) attempted to assassinate King Henry IV of France on 27 December 1594 .
In 1785 , Agathe de Rambaud was chosen by Queen Marie Antoinette to be the berceuse des enfants de France , the official nurse , of her second son Louis - Charles , Duke of Normandy , who became the Dauphin at the death of his elder brother Louis - Joseph , Dauphin of France in 1789 .
Cabra Casay was born in a Sudanese refugee camp , to Ethiopian Jewish parents on their way to Israel , in what was called Operation Moses .
Veronika Eberle has established a reputation as one of the most promising violin talents to emerge from Germany in recent years .
Rupesh Puna ( born 19 April 1981 ) is a football ( soccer ) player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Waleed Salim Al - Lami ( Arabic : وليد سالم اللامي‎ ; born 5 January 1991 ) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a right back for Al Shorta and the Iraq national team .
Yellow Yeiyah , last names also seen as two words `` Yei Yah '' , ( born 9 September 1984 in Ondo , Nigeria ) is an Olympic swimmer from Nigeria .
Ayinde Bakare ( 1912 -- 1 October 1972 ) was a pioneering Yoruba jùjú and highlife musician in Nigeria .
Anıl Uyar ( born 17 November 1980 in Ankara , Turkey ) , is a Turkish professional ice hockey player and coach .
Bir Bahadur Rana ( Nepali : बीर बहादुर राना ) is Nepalese judoka Coach and gold medalists Nepalese judoka for Nepal in the Seventh South Asian Games ( SAG ) , Madras , in 1995 .
Henry Vanegas Pacheco ( born July 29 , 1960 in Colombia ) is a retired Colombian football player .
August Perk ( October 25 , 1897 , Lohne / Lingen , Germany ; -- May 12 , 1945 , Braunschweig , Germany ) was a German Resistance fighter against the National Socialism .
Jacob Obermeyer was born in 1845 , at Steinhart in Bavaria , modern - day Germany .
Uthpala Chakraborty is a former Test cricketer who represented India .
Gerold Rahmann ( born 29 April 1962 in Wittmund , Germany ) is a German agricultural economist .
Captain Emilio Carranza Rodríguez ( December 9 , 1905 -- July 12 , 1928 ) was a noted Mexican aviator and national hero , nicknamed the `` Lindbergh of Mexico '' .
Christian Pescatori is a professional racecar driver from Italy .
Maunga Emery ( 1931/1932 -- 1 September 2011 ) was a New Zealand rugby footballer who represented his country in rugby league and the New Zealand Māori in rugby union .
Rod Oram is a New Zealand journalist writing on corporate , economic and political issues .
Massimo Porrati ( born 1961 in Genova , Italy ) is a professor of physics , and a member of the Center for Cosmology and Particle Physics , at New York University .
Anísio Ferreira de Sousa is a Brazilian doctor and serial killer who ran a satanic ring that killed boys in Altamira , Brazil .
Bhagwat Rawat was born on 13 September 1939 in a Brahmin family in the Village Teherka , District Teekamgarh , in Madhya Pradesh , India .
Gary Potts was the former chief of the Temagami First Nation and the Teme - Augama Anishnabai in Temagami , Ontario , Canada .
Kirk Torrance is an actor and award - winning playwright from New Zealand , best known for his role as Wayne Judd in Outrageous Fortune .
Hua Xiong ( died 191 ) was a military general under the warlord Dong Zhuo during the late Eastern Han Dynasty of China .
Lauchlan McGillivray ( died 1880 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament from Southland , New Zealand .
Leonard Ramatlakane ( born 16 February 1953 ) is the former Minister of Community Safety in the Western Cape province of South Africa whilst an ANC member .
Mauricio Redolés ( born on 6 June 1953 in Santiago de Chile , Chile ) is a Chilean poet , singer - songwriter and musician .
Kathrin Krahfuss is a beauty queen who represented Austria in Miss World 2008 in South Africa .
Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw ( 16 September 1916 -- 23 May 1978 ) was the first Premier of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the Caribbean , and previously served as Chief Minister , legislator , and labour activist .
Oreste Giorgi in Valmontone , Italy .
Berliz Susan Carrizo Escandela is a beauty pageant titleholder , born in Lagunillas , Zulia , Venezuela on April 24 , 1984 .
Billy Boyo ( born Billy Theophilus Rowe , 21 September , Kingston , Jamaica 1969 -- 29 October 2000 ) was a reggae artist , was probably the most prolific of the early-1980s child MC 's .
Jules Pappaert known as Pataat , was a Belgian footballer born 5 November 1905 in Saint - Gilles ( Belgium ) , died 30 December 1945 .
John Sievewright ( born 1846 ) was a teacher and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Daniel Robichaud ( born 1976 , Drummondville , Quebec , Canada ) is an entrepreneur and angel investor .
David t'Kindt ( 1699 - -1770 ) , architect , practised his profession mainly in Ghent , Belgium .
Carl Johan Grimmark is a Christian guitarist born in Gothenburg , Sweden October 14 , 1977 .
Kara Pryor ( born 2 April 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for the Blues in the international Super Rugby competition .
Ximena Herrera ( born Carla Ximena Herrera Bowles on October 5 , 1979 in La Paz , Bolivia ) is a Bolivian - born Mexican actress and occasional singer .
Alex Sandro Lobo Silva , or simply Alex Sandro ( born 26 January 1991 ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Juventus and the Brazil national team , as a left back .
Petar Mamić ( pronounced ( pětär mä̌:mit͡ɕ ) ) ( born 6 March 1996 ) is a Croatian footballer currently on loan from GNK Dinamo Zagreb who plays for Dinamo Zagreb 2 and the Croatia national under-19 football team .
Bose Krishnamachari is an internationally acclaimed Malayali painter and Artist - Curator based in Mumbai , India .
Khazar Ibrahim ( Azerbaijani : Xəzər İbrahim , b. May 30 , 1978 in Azerbaijan ) is an adviser for Azerbaijan 's ambassador to the United States .
Flavio Barros Souza ( born 23 January 1978 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football striker , currently playing for Moroccan club Maghreb Fez .
Georgina Jane Burgess ( c.1841 - -10 January 1904 ) was a New Zealand hotel - keeper , midwife and postmistress .
Michela Miti ( born Michela Macaluso ; June 12 , 1963 ) is an Italian actress and Television presenter In the year 1979 - 80 hosted in Italy the first edition on a kid television show 3,2,1 ... contatto!.
Princess Oraprabandh Rambai ( Thai : อรประพันธ์รำไพ ; rtgs : Onpraphanramphai ; 7 July 1885 -- 25 May 1933 ) , was the Princess of Siam ( later Thailand ) .
Philippe Falliex ( Born April 27 , 1966 , in Lyon , France ) is a French composer specializing in background music for television and radio programs .
Anne Will ( born March 18 , 1966 ) is a television journalist from Germany .
Nikhat Kazmi ( 1958/1959 -- 20 January 2012 ) , born Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , was a senior correspondent and well - known film critic from India , who had been writing for The Times of India since 1987 .
Harsha Iyer ( born 12 March 1992 ) is an independent Indian musician , composer and multi - instrumentalist from Chennai , India .
Makano in Panama means `` strong like a tree '' .
Tomás Brizuela ( c. 1800 -- 20 June 1841 ) was a soldier and caudillo in Argentina .
Pandit Raghunath Vinayak Dhulekar ( born 7 January 1891 , Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh -- 1980 ) was a prominent Indian freedom fighter from Uttar Pradesh who took an active part in the Indian National Movement and Salt March and held many responsible positions in Indian politics including Member of the Parliament of India and Constituent Assembly in 1952 .
Lorne Reznowski ( 1929 -- November 9 , 2011 ) was a professor of English at the University of Manitoba and leader of the Social Credit Party of Canada .
Thomas Teige was born in Aachen ( North Rhine - Westphalia , West Germany ) and moved in 1980 to Hamburg , West Germany .
Rory Dodd ( born Port Dover , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian rock vocalist who has performed many songs written by Jim Steinman .
Igor Butman PAR is a Russian jazz saxophonist born in St. Petersburg , Russia in 1961 .
Samy and Sandra Sandoval are a brother and sister musical duo from Panama .
Hubert Minnebo ( born 6 February 1940 ) is an artist from Belgium .
Sandu Tăbârcă , sometimes written Tăbîrcă , ( born 11 July 1965 in Romania ) is a retired football player and current manager .
Laurie Pace ( born 9 February 1966 ) is a former judoka from Malta , who competed for her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1992 .
Catherine Loyola ( born 1986 ) is a fashion model and beauty queen from the Philippines .
Enrique Riveros Fernandez ( 1906 - -1954 ) , was a Chilean actor who worked primarily in films in France , most notably with directors Jean Renoir and Jean Cocteau , before retiring from the screen and moving back to Chile to raise his children .
Renata Dancewicz ( born 7 February 1969 in Leszno , Poland ) is a Polish actress and member of the The Polish Bridge Union .
Jacky June ( aka Jacke Jun , né Jean - Jacques Junne 3 April 1924 Brussels -- 28 September 2012 Braine - l'Alleud , Belgium ) was a Belgian jazz saxophonist , clarinetist , and bandleader .
Lt . Colonel Mohammed Maina was governor of Borno State , Nigeria during the military administrations of Generals Ibrahim Babangida .
Erica Vaal continued her acting career in theaters throughout Germany and Austria .
Falk Huste ( born November 6 , 1971 in Greiz , Thüringen ) is a boxer from Germany , who won the bronze medal in the Men 's Featherweight ( -- 57 kg ) division at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere , Finland .
Dương Trương Thiên Lý ( born June 10 , 1989 ) is a Vietnamese actress , director , model and beauty pageant titleholder who placed 2nd runner - up in Miss Universe Vietnam 2008 , represented Vietnam in the Miss World 2008 pageant in South Africa .
Rama Ravi has performed in Sangeet Sammelan recitals , and has also appeared in national programs on Doordarshan and All India Radio .
Ok - khun Chamnan was a member of a first embassy to Portugal , which left Siam in March 1684 .
Keiji Haino ( 灰野 敬二 Haino Keiji ) born May 3 , 1952 in Chiba , Japan , and currently residing in Tokyo , is a Japanese musician and singer - songwriter whose work has included rock , free improvisation , noise music , percussion , psychedelic music , minimalism and drone music .
Ignacio Quereda Laviña ( born 24 July 1950 ) is a Spanish football coach who managed the Spain women 's national football team between 1988 and 2015 .
Philippe Goddin ( born May 27 , 1944 in Brussels , Belgium ) is a leading expert and literary critic of The Adventures of Tintin , and author of several books on Tintin and his creator , Hergé .
Raymond Bwanga Tshimen ( born 4 January 1949 ) is a former footballer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( then Belgian Congo ) .
documentation , Germany 2004 Elke Heidenreich bei Beckmann .
Rex Vijayan ( Malayalam : റെക്സ് വിജയന് ; born 26 April 1983 ) is a guitarist , composer , producer and multi - instrumentalist from Kerala , India .
Chaudhary Sunil Singh is National President of Lok Dal , a political party ( founded by former Prime Minister of India , late Ch . Charan Singh ) is former Member of Legislative Council ( State of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Harry Geris ( November 22 , 1947 -- April 24 , 2008 ) was a Canadian Olympic wrestler who represented Canada in the 1968 , 1972 , and 1976 Olympics , and the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games .
Kazuki Ganaha ( 我那覇 和樹 Ganaha Kazuki ; born September 26 , 1980 in Naha , Okinawa Prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese football ( soccer ) player who currently plays for Kamatamare Sanuki .
Sidik Mia is a Malawian businessman and a politician who is a Member of Parliament and held various ministerial positions within the Cabinet of Malawi beginning in 2004 .
Enzo Avitabile ( born 1 March 1955 in Naples , Italy ) is an Italian saxophonist and singer - songwriter .
Tony Tixier ( born 26 February 1986 , Montreuil , France ) .
When his Sudanese father left Germany when Samy Deluxe was just two years old , Samy grew up with his mother 's family .
Basrief Arief ( born January 23 , 1947 ) was the Attorney General of Indonesia from November 26 , 2010 until October 20 , 2014 .
Lena Carlzon - Lundbäck , born 26 March 1954 in Malmberget , Sweden is a Swedish former cross - country skier , competing for Malmbergets AIF at club level .
Anand Bhate was born in Pune , India in 1971 , in a family active in classical music .
Jimmy George ( born March 8 , 1955 in Peravoor , died November 30 , 1987 ) is often considered one of the greatest volleyball players of all time and was a member of India men 's national volleyball team .
Mashallah Shamsolvaezin is an Iranian newspaper and magazine publisher who edited many of post - revolutionary Iran 's first and most widely circulated independent newspapers , including Kayhan , Jame'eh , Neshat , and Asr - e Azadegan .
Charles Wereko - Brobby ( born 27 March 1953 , in Kumasi ) is an engineer , politician , diplomat and businessman in Ghana .
Chaiwut Wattana ( Thai : ชัยวุฒิ วัฒนะ , born July 14 , 1981 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Maarten van der Vleuten ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmaːrtə(n ) vɐn dɛr ˈvløːtə(n ) ) ) is a Dutch producer , composer and recording artist born in Vught , The Netherlands in 1967 .
Suangsuda Lawanprasert ( Thai : สรวงสุดา ลาวัณย์ประเสริฐ ) is Miss Thailand 1997 and later an actress .
Consort Feng Yuan ( 馮媛 , imperial title Zhaoyi ( 昭儀 ) , died 6 BC ) was an imperial consort during China 's Han Dynasty .
Yang Amat Mulia Tunku Zain Al-'Abidin ibni Tuanku Muhriz ( born 6 July 1982 ) , more popularly known as Tunku ' Abidin Muhriz , is the second son of the reigning Yang di - Pertuan Besar of Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia , Tuanku Muhriz ibni Almarhum Tuanku Munawir .
Shiva Naipaul ( 25 February 1945 -- 13 August 1985 ) , born Shivadhar Srivinasa Naipaul in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago , was a Trinidadian and British novelist and journalist .
Beatriz Elena Uribe Botero is a Colombian economist and politician currently serving as the 1st President of the National Mining Agency of Colombia .
Nahum Zolotov ( 1926 , Warsaw , Poland - 15 May 2014 , Israel ) was an Israeli architect and a recipient of the Rokach Prize in 1961 and in 1973 .
Lucero Miroslava Montemayor Gracia ( born January 5 , 1990 ) is a Mexican beauty pageant titleholder and sportscaster for ESPN Mexico .
Zoltán Buday ( born November 15 , 1952 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian born actor .
Sangh Priya Gautam is a former Union minister of state for agro and rural industries of India .
Lê Gia Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎嘉宗 ; 1661 - 1675 ) , also Lê Duy Cối ( 黎維禬 , 黎維𥘺 ) was a child king of Vietnam , reigning from 1672 to 1675 as the 9th of the figurehead kings of the later Lê dynasty warlord period .
Ferdinand Bilali ( born 10 April 1969 in Elbasan ) is a former Albanian footballer who played for KF Elbasani , Bylis Ballsh , Erzeni Shijak and Egnatia Rrogozhinë , as well as the Albania national team .
Pavel Kharitonov ( born 25 July 1989 in Moscow , Russia ) is a Russian snowboarder .
Stevan Jovetić ( Cyrillic : Cтeвaн Joвeтић , IPA : ( stɛ̂ʋaːn jɔ̂ʋɛtitɕ ) ; born 2 November 1989 ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for Internazionale and the Montenegro national team .
Andrea Angelini ( born in 1961 , Bologna , Italy ) is an Italian organist , conductor , and choral organizer .
Juan de Dios Hernández - Ruiz , S.J. ( Born November 14 , 1948 in Holguín , Cuba ) is the Titular Bishop of Cures Sabinorum and Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Havana .
Crisanto España ( born October 25 , 1964 in Venezuela ) was a professional boxer in the welterweight ( 147 lb ) division .
Yosri Fouda ( Arabic : يسري فودة‎ Yusrī Fūdah , IPA : ( ˈjosɾi ˈfuːdæ ) ) , born in Egypt , is an investigative reporter , author , and television host .
Elisabeth Klein was born in Trencsén ( now Slovakia ) and grew up in Budapest , Hungary from the age of 3 .
Pierre Du Moulin ( Petrus Molinaeus in Latin ; 1568 - -1658 ) was a Huguenot minister in France who also resided in England for some years .
Lara Merrett ( born 1971 ) is an Australian visual artist who lives and works in Melbourne , Australia .
Georges Mathé was born in 1922 in the village of Sermages , France , from a rural family .
Maria Bashir is a prosecutor based in Afghanistan , who is the only woman to ever hold such a position in the country as of 2009 .
Krzysztof Gierczyński ( born 23 January 1976 ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team in 1997 - 2008 , a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008 .
Dr. Safiatou Thiam is a doctor of public health in Senegal , a specialist in HIV / AIDS , and former Minister of Health and Disease Prevention in the government of Cheikh Hadjibou Soumaré . Today , she is Executive Secretary of CNLS National Council against AIDS
William Back ( c. 1856 -- 15 February 1911 ) was an Australian cricketer who played at first - class level for Western Australia in 1893 , including in its inaugural first - class match .
Pushpa Lal Shrestha ( Nepali : पुष्पलाल श्रेष्ठ ) ( 1924 - 22 July 1978 ) was the founding general secretary of the Communist Party of Nepal as well as the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Pushpa Lal ) .
Héctor Robles ( born September 7 , 1971 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean Coach and former footballer . He currently manages Santiago Wanderers of the Primera División in Chile .
Bhanupriya divorced Kaushal in 2005 and returned to India , where she resumed her acting career .
Valerio of Bierzo ( or Valerius of Bierzo ; c. 630 - -c . 695 ) was an ascetic hermit and monk from the Bierzo region of Visigothic Spain .
Rafael Escalas Bestard ( born February 24 , 1961 ) is a former competitive swimmer from Spain .
Fioralba Dizdari is an Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Albania 2013
Sandy Montenegro Littlefield is a Guatemala - born American businesswoman .
Usman Malik ( born 20 July 1988 in Lahore ) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in the U-19 Cricket World Cup for Pakistan .
Mir Jafar Baghirov Abbas oglu ( Azerbaijani : Mir Cəfər Bağırov Abbas oğlu ; 17 September 1896 -- 7 May 1956 ) was the communist leader of the Azerbaijan SSR from 1932 to 1953 , under the Soviet leadership of Joseph Stalin .
Sam Masich ( born February 7 , 1962 in Prince George , British Columbia ) is a taijiquan instructor , performing songwriter and filmmaker residing in Vancouver , Canada and Berlin , Germany .
Maria Teresa Luengo was born in Quilmes , Buenos Aires , Argentina , and graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina in Buenos Aires in 1969 , where she studied with Alberto Ginastera , Luis Gianneo , Juan Francisco Giacobbe , Roberto Caamaño and Gerardo Gandini .
William Charles Roy `` Roy '' Harvey ( 6 January 1921 -- 23 April 2006 ) , more commonly known as Roy Harvey , was Lord Mayor of Brisbane City Council , Queensland , Australia from 1982 until 1985 .
Nathaniel Willemse was born in South Africa and moved to Melbourne , Australia when he was six years old .
Lars Leksell ( 1907 - -1986 ) was a Swedish physician and Professor of Neurosurgery at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden .
Juan E. Méndez ( born December 11 , 1944 , Argentina ) is a lawyer and human rights activist known for his work on behalf of political prisoners .
Helmut Lent was born on 13 June 1918 in Pyrehne , district of Landsberg an der Warthe , Province of Brandenburg , Germany ( now Pyrzany , Lubusz Province , western Poland ) and christened Helmut Johannes Siegfried Lent .
Shavarsh Kocharyan ( Armenian : Շավարշ Քոչարյան , born 3 April 1948 , Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian diplomat , Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Eben Ernest Hayes ( Ernest Hayes ) ( 1851 - -1933 ) was a New Zealand engineer and inventor who founded the Hayes Engineering works in Oturehua , Central Otago .
Miyoko Akaza , ( born February 10 , 1944 in Aichi , Japan ) is a Japanese actress .
In 1977 Habib Mousa left Lebanon and immigrated to Sweden .
Gogi Saroj Pal ( born 1945 in Neoli , Uttar Pradesh , India ) is an eminent Indian artist .
Moraci Vasconcelos Sant'anna ( born 26 July 1951 in Santana de Parnaiba - São Paulo , Brazil ) , better known as Moraci Sant'anna , is a Brazilian conditioner / coach .
Josimar Melo ( born 1954 in Recife , Brazil ) , is a food & wine journalist for the major Brazilian daily newspaper , Folha de S.Paulo .
Ana Cláudia Michels ( born 31 July 1981 in Joinville , Santa Catarina , Brazil ) is a Brazilian model of German descent .
Agha Hasan Abedi was born in a well off Shia Muslim family in Lucknow , British India and migrated to Pakistan after formation of Pakistan in 1947 .
Huub van Boeckel ( born 25 January 1960 ) is a retired professional tennis player from the Netherlands , who was one of the Netherlands ' leading players in the 1980s .
Nissan Ben - Avraham ( born December 11 , 1957 ) is a Spanish sephardic rabbi who is descended from the Xueta , or forcibly converted , Jews of Majorca , Spain .
C. Madhava Menon ( Malayalam : സി. മാധവ മേനോൻ ; 20 June 1911 -- 4 February 1984 ) was a painter from Kerala , India .
Bad Sector is an ambient / noise project formed in 1992 in Tuscany , Italy by Massimo Magrini .
Scott Tannas ( born February 25 , 1962 ) was the President / CEO and founder of Western Financial Group ( formerly Hi - Alta Capital Inc. ) , an insurance brokerage , life insurance and banking company headquartered in High River , Alberta , Canada .
Saša Ćirić or Saša Ḱiriḱ ( Macedonian : Сашa Ќириќ ; born 11 January 1968 in Kumanovo , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former football player from the Republic of Macedonia of Serbian origin .
Gershon Liebman ( b. 1905 , d. 8 March 1997 -- 29 Adar I 5757 ) was a leader of the Novardok Yeshiva movement and rosh yeshiva of Novardok in France .
Bruno Étienne was also member of the Institut universitaire de France .
Zdeněk Vávra ( 25 September 1891 -- 18 September 1947 ) was an Olympic fencer who competed for Bohemia in 1912 and Czechoslovakia in 1920 .
On 16 August 2007 Nordmann stepped down as Member of the SBB Management Board and CEO of SBB Cargo AG . Both the Board of Directors and the Management Board of SBB AG regretted Daniel Nordmann 's decision and thanked him for his achievements in support of SBB and Switzerland 's policy of transferring traffic from road to rail .
Juan de Zapata ( fl . 1520s ) was a leader of the Revolt of the Comuneros in Spain .
Mahmoud Reda ( born March 18 , 1930 in Cairo , Egypt ) is an Egyptian dancer and choreographer .
Mildred Amelia Woodbine Pomare ( 1877 - -1971 ) was a New Zealand community leader .
Jacob Fortling ( 23 December 1711 -- 16 July 1761 ) was a German - Danish sculptor , architect and manufacturer , described as one of the most industrious people in the Denmark of his day .
Dasho Kinley Dorji ( Dzongkha : ཕྲིན་ལས་རྡོ་རྗེ་ ; Wylie : Phrin - las Rdo - rje ) is the secretary of the Ministry of Information and Communications in Bhutan .
Marcin Awiżeń ( born 1 November 1985 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Poland competing mainly in category T46 middle distance events .
Heghine Rapyan ( born April 24 , 1985 in Gavar , Armenia ) is a young pianist of Armenian origin .
Adriana Valdés Budge ( born October 3 , 1943 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean writer essayist .
Antony Santos is a bachata musician from the Dominican Republic , renowned for his role in redefining the genre to include romantic music .
Gumercinda Páez ( 1904 - 1991 ) was a teacher , women 's rights activist and suffragette , and Constituent Assemblywoman of Panama .
Bernie Chan ( born in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian model and actress .
Perez Ahabwe is a Ugandan economist and politician who was State Minister for Local Government in Uganda from 16 February 2009 to 27 May 2011 .
In 1868 the family returned to Belgium , and in 1876 Paul Le Marinel enrolled in the military school , graduating in 1878 with the rank of Sergeant .
Serdar Bilgili , born in 1963 in Istanbul , Turkey , served as the president of the Istanbul based football club Beşiktaş J.K ..
Agim Murati ( born in 1953 in Albania ) is a retired international Albanian football striker .
Jean - François Mercier ( born 19 July 1967 ) is a comedian , screenwriter and television host from Quebec , Canada .
Hana Mareghni ( sometimes spelled Marghani or Mergheni ) ( born 4 May 1989 in Tunis , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian judoka .
Odette Lapierre ( born January 28 , 1955 in Charny , Quebec ) is a former long - distance runner from Canada , who competed in the women 's marathon at two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country , starting in 1988 .
Nattaphon Krobyoo ( Thai : ณัฐพล ครบอยู่(แบงค์ ) , born September 27 , 1989 ) is a professional footballer from Sisaket Thailand .
Chew Hoong Ling ( Chinese : 周虹伶 ) ( born 25 December 1980 ) in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia is an author , professional master of ceremonies , inspirational speaker and social activist .
Mots'eoa Senyane ( born March 19 , 1968 ) is the former Lesotho High Commissioner to Canada who served from 2006 to 2009 .
Miraj Barot is a businessman and entrepreneur in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
John Rutherford Blair ( 1843 -- 25 November 1914 ) was the Mayor of Wellington , New Zealand from 1898 to 1899 .
Margarita Tarradell Asencio ( born November 30 , 1962 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban sport shooter .
Gheorghe Gheorghiu - Dej ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈɡe̯orɡe ɡe̯orˈɡi.u deʒ ) ; November 8 , 1901 -- March 19 , 1965 ) was the communist leader of Romania from 1947 until his death in 1965 .
Duško Kondor Trifunović ( 1947 -- 22 February 2007 ) was a Bosnian Serb human rights activist , a co - founder of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina ( leading its Human Rights Education department ) , and a professor of sociology and philosophy .
April Byron ( real name April Elizabeth Dove Potts ) was born 22 March 1947 , in Warburton , Victoria , Australia .
Giancarlo Bianchi is an Italian poet born , living , and working in Florence , Italy .
Mary Anne Rymill ( 1817 - -1897 ) was a notable New Zealand missionary , teacher , nurse and companion .
Carlos Esparza ( 1828 - -September 28 , 1885 ) , lived in Mexico at the Texas border , and during his life he served as a soldier and the leader of the spy ring of Juan Cortina .
Wolfgang Lehmacher ( born in 1960 in Bonn , Germany ) is author , global excecutive , advisor and entrepreneur -- expert in the field of supply chain , transport and logistics .
Tracy Looze - Hargreaves ( born 16 August 1973 in Bulli , New South Wales ) is an athlete from the Netherlands , although she was born in Australia .
Thomas Bodström is also active as the chairman of the children 's rights organization ECPAT Sweden .
Sir John Keith Angas ( 30 January 1900 -- 13 April 1977 ) was a pastoralist in South Australia .
Mojtaba Mirzadeh was born in 1945 in the city of Kermanshah , Iran .
According to a public personal statement and an interview to an independent web - magazine in Brazil , `` Pedro Noel ( ... ) was personally interrogated by two anonymous sub - contractors in Brussels .
Andrea McVeigh is a New Zealand sports commentator and former netball player .
Ferdinando Mattei ( 24 July 1761 -- 14 July 1829 ) was a Maltese prelate who was appointed bishop of Malta in 1807 .
Linda Morgan ( born 1942 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , now known as Linda Hardberger , became known as the `` miracle girl '' following the collision of two large passenger ships in the North Atlantic Ocean on the foggy night of July 25 , 1956 .
John Bernard Blamo ( born 1935 ) is a former politician in Liberia .
Lieutenant General Tôn Thất Đính ( 20 November 1926 -- 21 November 2013 ) , was a retired officer who served in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) .
Charles Gordon Rowe ( 30 June 1915 , Glasgow , Scotland -- 9 June 1995 , Palmerston North , Manawatu ) was a New Zealand cricketer who played in one Test in 1946 against Australia .
Jacques Garnier was verbally violent , demanding that the Convention ban in perpetuity emigres of both genders , punishable by their executions if they return to France ; this act , with modification , was known as the Law of Suspects .
Born Robert Nicholas Jose in London , England , to Australian parents , Nicholas Jose grew up mostly in Adelaide , South Australia .
Arundhati Roy was born in Shillong , Meghalaya , India , to Rajib Roy , a Bengali Hindu tea plantation manager from Calcutta and Mary Roy , a Malayali Syrian Christian women 's rights activist from Kerala .
Solange Gemayel is a political figure and former First Lady of Lebanon .
Vijay Pandhare is a former bureaucrat from Maharashtra , India .
Hanara Tangiawha Te Ohaki Reedy ( 1903 - - 8 April 1971 ) ( OBE ) , commonly known as Arnold Reedy , was a New Zealand tribal leader , farmer and soldier .
Mrinmoy Bhowmick is a qualified journalist and an alumnus of Indian Institute of Journalism & New Media , Bangalore , India .
Seymour Trieger was the second leader of the Green Party of Canada from 1984 to 1988 .
Abraham Verhoeven ( 1575 - -1652 ) was the publisher of the first newspaper of the Southern Netherlands ( now Belgium ) .
Jatuporn Pramualban ( จตุพร ประมลบาล ) is a Thai former football coach of Thailand women 's national football team .
Evi Goffin ( born 27 February 1981 , in Antwerp , Belgium ) was the vocalist of the Belgian musical group Lasgo .
Jack Bowthorpe CBE ( 1905 - -1978 ) was the founder of Spirent plc , one of the United Kingdom 's largest telecommunications businesses .
Job Roggeveen ( born 1979 , Geldrop ) studied at the Design Academy Eindhoven in the Netherlands .
Mikko Meriläinen represented Finland at two Winter Olympics in 1948 St. Moritz , Switzerland ( Military patrol team , the second place ) and in 1952 Holmenkollen , Oslo .
Rodrigo Ariel Sevillano Cabezas known as Rodrigo Sevillano and as Ariel Sevillano ( born 17 April 1985 in Barbacoas ( Nariño ) , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for América de Cali of the Categoría Primera B.
Maurice - Marie - Matthieu Garrigou was born on 21 September 1766 in the commune of Château - Verdun , France .
Daniel Lindley ( August 24 , 1801 -- September 3 , 1880 ) was an American missionary in South Africa .
Visvaldis Ignatāns ( born 3 August 1991 in Daugavpils ) is a Latvian footballer , who currently plays for Daugava Daugavpils in the Latvian Higher League and Latvia national football team .
Margaret Renwick , ( February 1 , 1923 -- January 20 , 2012 ) was a politician in Ontario , Canada .
Luis Carlos Cabezas ( born March 3 , 1986 in Cali ( Valle ) , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer that plays for Hunan Billows .
Sayed Mekawy ( May 8 , 1927 -- April 21 , 1997 ) ( Arabic : سيد مكاوي ) was an Egyptian singer and composer , popular in Egypt and throughout the Arab world .
Juan Mayr Maldonado ( born 27 May 1952 ) is a Colombian photographer and environmentalist currently serving as Ambassador of Colombia to Germany .
The war painter Roman Zenzinger was born on the 16 July 1903 in Olmuetz , Maehren , formally part of Austria .
Jean - Roch Pédri known as just Jean - Roch ( born 3 October 1966 in Toulon , France ) is a singer - songwriter , and DJ / producer of electronic music and founder of `` Vip Room '' .
Tone Pavček was born on 29 September 1928 at Šentjurij in southeastern Slovenia .
Vagharshak Harutiunyan ( Armenian : Վաղարշակ Հարությունյան ; born 28 April 1956 ) was the Defence Minister of Armenia from 11 June 1999 until 20 May 2000 .
Rahul Bhattacharya was born in Bombay ( Mumbai ) in India , and lived briefly as a baby in Calcutta .
Richard Benjamin Terry ( dates unknown ) umpired the historic first Test match played between Australia and England in Melbourne on 15 March to 19 March 1877 .
Shalom Luani ( born 5 August 1994 ) is an association footballer and American footballer from American Samoa .
Andrija Radović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Андрија Радовић ; 1872 - 1947 ) was a Montenegrin and Yugoslavian politician and statesmen , former Prime Minister and leader of the People 's and then Democratic Party , fighter for parliamentary democracy and chief proponent of Montenegro 's unification with Serbia .
Back in France , Paul de Thermes lost the Battle of Gravelines in 1558 .
Aline Sax ( born 1984 , Antwerp , Belgium ) is a Belgian author of children 's and young adult literature .
Adolf Reinach was born into a prominent Jewish family in Mainz , Germany , on 23 December 1883 .
Joel Luna Zárate ( born November 12 , 1965 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican former professional boxer in the Super Flyweight division .
Martyn Forde ( born June 28 , 1985 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is an Olympic - swimmer from Barbados .
CD Japan listed a new mini - album from Shion Miyawaki named Love Songs --
Maulana Abdul Hayy Lucknawi Firangi Mahali ( 1264 - 1304 A.H. ) author of many famous works and a great scholar of his time , was born in Banda , India , on Tuesday 26 Zul Qada 1264 A.H ( roughly on Tuesday 24 October 1848 C.E. ) .
Ferdinand Cheval was born in Charmes - sur - l'Herbasse , in the Drôme département of France , and lived in Châteauneuf - de - Galaure .
Sukhbir Singh Gill ( born 14 December 1975 in Chandigarh ) is a former field hockey midfielder from India , who made his international debut for the Men 's National Team in 1995 during the Sultan Azlan Shah Hockey Tournament in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Due to persecution by the Arian Vandals in North Africa , the local Christian community dispersed , and together with Regulus , Felix , and some priests , Cerbonius escaped to Italy .
Oleg Volkov was born in the south of Russia in 1958 .
Alexander Nikolayevich Samokhvalov was born on 21 August 1894 in the town of Bezhetsk , located in the Tver Governorate of the Russian Empire .
Modikwe Dikobe ( pseudonym of Marks Rammitloa , born 1913 , Seabe , north - central Transvaal ) was a novelist , poet , trade unionist and squatter leader in Johannesburg , South Africa in the 1940s .
Henry Blackett ( circa 1820 -- 11 July 1907 ) was a New Zealand storekeeper and politician .
Mohamed Bangura ( born 27 July 1989 ) is a professional footballer from Sierra Leone who plays as a striker and as of 2015 a player for China League One club Dalian Yifang .
Stephen W. Durrant calls Liu Zhiji `` one of ancient China 's most critical and brilliant readers '' ( The Cloudy Mirror , 71 - 72 : Liu is quoted criticizing Sima Qian 's style for verbosity and deliberately setting apart the chronologically close accounts ) .
Jetsadakorn Hemdaeng ( Thai : เจษฎากร เหมแดง ) , born March 2 , 1986 ) simply known as Buaw ( Thai : บัว ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Hamid Hussain Musavi Kintoori Lakhnavi ( 1830 - 1880 ) ( Hindi : अयातोल्लाह सय्यिद मीर हामिद हुसैन मुसावी किन्तूरी लखनवी , Urdu : آيت‌الله سیید میر حامد حسین موسوی کنتوری لکھنوی ) , was a leading Shia scholar of his time in India .
Jan Bang ( born 21 August 1968 in Kristiansand , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician and record producer , known from several albums and collaborations with musicians like Morten Harket , Sidsel Endresen , David Sylvian , Nils Petter Molvær , Arild Andersen , Bugge Wesseltoft , Arve Henriksen and Erik Honoré .
Although the name Chavela Vargas is associated with Mexico and its culture , she was born in Costa Rica , in San Joaquín de Flores , as Isabel Vargas Lizano , daughter of Francisco Vargas and Herminia Lizano .
Don Jayawickramage Neil Rupasinghe ( Don Jayawickramage Neel Rupasinghe ) is a Sri Lankan politician , a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister .
Deng Zilong ( 鄧子龍 in traditional Chinese , 1531 - -1598 ) was a military commander for the Ming dynasty China .
Cornelia Meyer ( born 1959 , Langenthal , Switzerland ) is an international economist , independent energy expert and media commentator .
Bärbel Jungmeier ( born 8 July 1975 ) is a former road cyclist and mountain bike rider from Austria .
Luca Filippi ( born 9 August 1985 in Savigliano , Italy ) is an Italian racing driver who competes in the IndyCar Series .
Benjamin Abrahão Botto was murdered during the Estado novo period in Brazil .
Shaldimar Daantji ( born May 4 1984 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch baseball player who played for the Netherlands national baseball team at the 2011 Baseball World Cup . Daantji is a cousin of Dutch baseball player Johnny Balentina
Datuk Nur Jazlan Mohamed ( born 15 February 1966 ) is a Malaysian politician and is currently the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Pulai constituency in the state of Johor .
Two men from Guayaquil , Medardo Ángel Silva and Ernesto Noboa y Caamaño , and two men from Quito , Arturo Borja and Humberto Fierro , were the precursors of modernismo in Ecuador .
The Mayor of Porto Alegre , Brazil , is the Chief Executive of the city .
Karim Hirji is a businessman , hotel owner , and entrepreneur in Uganda .
Jorge Ricardo ( born September 30 , 1961 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a jockey in South American Thoroughbred horse racing who became the highest tally winning rider in the sport on February 5 , 2007 .
Steve Hofmeyr ( born 29 August 1964 ) is a South African singer , songwriter and actor and an activist for Afrikaner rights in South Africa .
Michal Klasa ( born 19 December 1953 ) is a retired cyclist from Czechoslovakia .
Philosopher Giuseppe Tarantino ( 1857 - -1950 ) , Rector at the University of Pisa , Italy , helped introduce American and European philosophy to the Italian educational system .
When the Sioux came into Canada , fleeing pursuing American forces , Crowfoot made peace with Sitting Bull and his tribe .
Karl Johan Baadsvik ( 22 August 1910 -- 5 October 1995 ) was a Canadian skier , born in Hitra , Norway .
Andriy Shevchuk , ( Ukrainian : Андрiй Шевчук , born 12 August 1985 in Korosten , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union , now Ukraine ) , is a Ukrainian football striker .
Harry Gruyaert ( born 1941 in Antwerp , Belgium ) is a photographer known for his images of India , Morocco and Egypt as well as of the west of Ireland and for his use of colour .
François Hippolyte Lalaisse was taught by Nicolas - Toussaint Charlet and later became a professor at the `` École polytechnique ( France ) '' teaching there from 1839 to 1877 .
Carmen Romano de López Portillo ( born Carmen Romano Nolk , February 10 , 1926 - Died May 9 , 2000 ) was the First Lady of Mexico from 1976 - 1982 .
Rabih Abou - Khalil ( Arabic : ربيع أبو خليل‎ , born August 17 , 1957 in Lebanon ) is an oud player and composer .
David Hasler ( born 4 May 1990 ) is a former Liechtenstein football midfielder , who last played for Eschen / Mauren in the third tier of the Swiss Football League .
Viktor Bezmen ( Belarusian : Віктар Бязмен ; Russian : Виктор Безмен ; born 26 November 1961 ) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer and Belarus international .
Basanti Dulal Nagchaudhuri ( 6 September 1917 -- 25 June 2006 ) was an Indian physicist and academic , and a scientific advisor to the Government of India .
Rabah Yousif ( born 11 December 1986 ) is a Sudanese - born British athlete , who initially competed for the Sudan before obtaining British citizenship .
Haym Salomon ( also Solomon ; April 7 , 1740 -- January 6 , 1785 ) was a Polish - born American Jewish businessman and political financial broker who immigrated to New York from Poland during the period of the American Revolution .
Julián Simón Sesmero ( born April 3 , 1987 ) is a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Spain .
Peter Brand ( born 16 May 1947 ) is a United Kingdom general practitioner and Liberal Democrat politician .
Uli Lenz ( born March 10 , 1955 ) is a German composer , pianist , and producer creating music in the modern jazz genre , who has also served as a musical ambassador on behalf of Germany , in many tours across the world .
Michel Block ( January 12 , 1937 , Antwerp -- March 4 , 2003 , Bloomington , Indiana ) was born of French parents in Antwerp , Belgium .
Urszula Antoniak ( born in Częstochowa , Poland ) is a Polish - Dutch film director .
Kiyanilie Peseyie ( born August 1 , 1947 ) is an Indian politician from Nagaland , India .
Ana Yancy Clavel ( born April 28 , 1992 ) is a Salvadorian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss El Salvador in 2012 .
Waberi Hachi ( born 16 April 1981 in Djibouti ) is a footballer for the Djiboutian soccer team .
Albert Ronald Tremain ( 9 October 1923 -- 17 July 1998 ) was a New Zealand composer and music teacher .
Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola ( 12 April 1888 in Guayaquil -- 20 February 1952 ) was President of Ecuador 15 September 1947 to 1 September 1948 .
Peter J. Schwendinger ( born 27 April 1959 in Dornbirn , Austria ) is an Austrian arachnologist .
Syed Abdullah Khalid ( born in 1945 ) is a sculptor from Bangladesh .
Religion played a key role in Angela Merkel 's migration to East Germany .
József Petrétei ( born 10 October 1958 ) is former Minister of Justice in Hungary .
Gholamreza Baghabadi ( Persian : غلامرضا باغ آبادی ‎‎ , born 26 May 1958 in Tabriz , Iran ) is a retired Iranian professional football player and coach .
Steffen Radochla ( born 19 October 1978 in Leipzig ) is a road bicycle racer from Germany , who turned professional in 2001 .
Kanti Bhatt is an author , journalist and columnist from India .
David Wang wrote that Hong Jun was dismissed from his position `` for allegedly settling boundary disputes on the basis of twelve Russian maps of the Chinese border area that turned out to be faulty and thus made China lose land to Czarist Russia . ''
Alice Eastwood was born to Colin Skinner Eastwood and Eliza Jane Gowdey Eastwood on January 19 , 1859 , in Toronto Canada .
Dean Windsor ( born 9 September 1986 in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist who is known internationally as a criterium rider .
Trần Thu Hà , also known as Hà Trần ( born August 26 , 1977 in Hanoi , Vietnam ) is a famous Vietnamese singer and producer .
Gholamali Pouratayi ( in Persian : غلام‌علی پورعطایی - born 1941 in Mahmoud Abad , Torbat - e Jam , Iran ; died 4 October 2014 ) was an Iranian Mugham singer and Dotar player .
Moslem Eskandar - Filabi ( Persian : مسلم اسكندر فيلابی‎‎ , born 26 March 1944 in Filab , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran ) more known as Eskandar Filabi is a renowned Iranian wrestler in the 1960s and 1970s .
Carlos Guzmán was also part of the Mexico U-21 team participating in the 2014 Toulon Tournament
Hella Pick was born in Vienna , Austria into a middle - class Jewish family .
John Philip Roblin ( August 16 , 1799-November 12 , 1874 ) was a farmer and political figure in Upper Canada and Canada West .
Anton Christian Jacobæus ( 1911 in Stockholm , Sweden--1988 ) was a Swedish electrical engineer , known for his contributions to teletraffic engineering , especially in the design of the modern crossbar switch used for telephone switching .
Nidia María Jiménez Vásquez is a Costa Rican educator and politician , serving as a deputy in the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica for the 2014 to 2018 term .
Javier Busto Sagrado ( born 1949 in Hondarribia , Basque Country , Spain ) is a Spanish choral music composer and conductor .
Lim Heem Wei ( born 12 April 1989 ) is a Singapore artistic gymnast .
Pak Noja was born to a Jewish family in Leningrad , Soviet Union .
Federico Pérez ( born January 23 , 1986 , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan footballer .
Michel Chion born in 1947 in Creil , France , is a composer of experimental music .
François - Nicolas Vincent ( born 1766 or 1767 ; died March 24 , 1794 ) was the Secretary General of the War Ministry in the First French Republic , and a significant figure in the French Revolution .
Séverine Nébié ( born 27 November 1982 in Burkina Faso ) is a Burkinabé judoka who trains in France .
In January 2015 , Brooke de Lench became the member for the United States of America for the UNICEF International Safeguards for Children in Sport global coalition .
Nadia Bouras ( born 1981 , Amsterdam , The Netherlands ) is a Dutch historian of Moroccan descent .
Aleksander Doba was born 9 September 1946 in Swarzędz , and now lives in Police near Szczecin , Poland .
Ebru Şallı ( born 15 January 1977 in Istanbul ) is a television personality , model , businesswoman , author , actress , and former beauty pageant titleholder from Turkey .
Maroun Elias Nimeh Lahham ( born 20 July 1948 , Irbed , Jordan ) , is the first Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tunis from 2010 , after having been bishop for more than four years .
André Lamy ( 19 July 1932 -- 2 May 2010 ) was a Canadian film producer , who served as Canada 's Government Film Commissioner from 1975 until 1979 .
Anahí Giovanna Puente Portilla was born May 14 , 1983 Mexico City , Mexico to a Spanish father Enrique Puente and a Mexican mother Marichelo Portilla of paternal Spanish descent .
Allar Levandi ( born December 28 , 1965 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s under two different nations in three straight Winter Olympic Games ( 1988 : Soviet Union , 1992 and 1994 : Estonia ) .
He has been the subject of two National Film Board of Canada documentaries , David Fennario 's Banana Boots and Fennario :
Olusola Teniola ( born 10 July 1966 ) is a technology enthusiast from Lagos , Nigeria .
Ulla Wiesner ( born in 1940 in Werl / Westphalia , Germany , married in 1999 , now Ulla Arnz ) is a German singer .
Tomi Pulkkinen ( born 2 August 1992 ) is a figure skater who represented Switzerland until 2012 and began competing for Finland in 2013 .
Lia Eliava ( Georgian : ლია ელიავა ; 28 May 1934 -- 8 October 1998 ) was a Georgian actress and was recognized as National artist of Georgia .
Manuel Amador Guerrero ( 30 June 1833 -- 2 May 1909 ) , was the first president of Panama from 20 February 1904 to 1 October 1908 .
Robert Lešnik is a car designer , born 1971 in Limbuš , a village near Maribor Slovenia .
Lieutenant General Ronnie Shikapwasha ( born December 25 , 1948 ) is the former Minister of Information and Broadcasting Services of Zambia .
The New Zealand journalist Shayne Currie ( born 1 April 1971 ) is editor of the New Zealand Herald newspaper , an Auckland - based newspaper with the highest circulation of any newspaper in the country .
Jorge Sanjinés ( born in La Paz , Bolivia on July 31 , 1936 ) is a Bolivian film director and screenwriter .
Datin Paduka Seri Hajjah Rosmah Mansor ( born 10 December 1951 ) is the wife of the 6th Prime Minister of Malaysia .
Archbishop Mar Paulos Faraj Rahho ( Arabic : بولس فرج رحو‎ , Būlus Farağ Raḥū ; Syriac : ܦܘܠܘܣ ܦ̮ܪܔ ܪܚܘ‎ , Paulōs Farağ Raḥō ; 20 November 1942 -- February or March 2008 ) was the Chaldean Catholic Archeparch of Mosul , in the northern part of Iraq .
Tirumakudalu Chowdiah ( Kannada : ಸಂಗೀತ ರತ್ನ ತಿರುಮಕೂಡಲು ಚೌಡಯ್ಯ ) ( 1895 -- 19 January 1967 ) was a violin maestro from India in the Carnatic classical tradition .
Marilyn Faye Parney is a Canadian singer / songwriter and horse rider , and has been called `` Canada 's Singing Cowgirl '' .
Edward Dembowski was the son of Julia , née Kochanowska , and a conservative castellan - voivode of the Congress Poland , Leon Dembowski .
Marianne Beate Kielland , ( born October 12 , 1975 in Lørenskog , Norway ) is a Norwegian mezzo - soprano .
Martin Beaver was born in Winnipeg , and raised in Hamilton , Canada .
Thilakaratne Withanachchi is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Risto Krle ( Macedonian : Ристо Крле ) ( September 3 , 1900 - -October 29 , 1975 ) ( born in Struga , present - day Republic of Macedonia during the Ottoman Empire ) was a Macedonian playwright and the son of a shoe maker .
Péter Lóránt plays also with the Hungary national basketball team .
Swen Nater was born in the Netherlands , his parents divorcing when he was three years old .
Héctor Gustavo Gatti ( born January 25 , 1972 in Mar del Plata ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina , Chile , Mexico and Uruguay .
Ami Parekh ( born January 10 , 1988 ) is an Indian - American skater , representing India .
Mariann Birkedal ( born c. 1987 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian beauty queen who has represented Norway in Miss Universe 2008 and Miss World 2010 .
José Vaquerizo Relucio ( born October 10 , 1978 in Valencia ) is a boccia player from Spain .
The Dimbago , also known as Bet Dimbago , are an ethnic group inhabiting Eritrea .
José Antonio Cedeño ( born José Antonio Cedeño y Labout on June 16 , 1939 , in Bayamo , Oriente , Cuba ) is a self - taught Cuban artist specializing in sculpture , drawing and painting .
Sorin Tănăsie ( born June 8 , 1980 in Craiova , Romania ) is a professional bantamweight boxer .
Witold Maliszewski ( Russian : Витольд Осипович Малишевский , Ukrainian : Вітольд Йосифович Малишевський ; 20 July 1873 Mohyliv - Podilskyi , Russian Empire , now Ukraine - 18 July 1939 , Zalesie , Poland ) , was a Polish composer , first Rector and founder of Odessa Conservatory and professor at Warsaw Conservatory .
Jan Rot ( born in Makassar on 25 December 1957 ) is a Dutch singer - songwriter who is famous in the Netherlands for his many translations of songs , pop as well as classic ones .
Ayanda Dube ; ( born November 13 , 1989 ) is a Swazi model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Swaziland 2011 and will represent her country in the 2012 Miss Universe pageants .
Ritham Madubun ( 1 April 1971 -- 1 August 2013 ) was an Indonesian football Defender who played for Indonesia in the 1996 Asian Cup .
Diana Popova ( born December 10 , 1976 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast .
Vanessa Arauz ( born 5 February 1989 ) is an Ecuadorian football manager who is currently the head coach of the Ecuador women 's national football team .
Olav Gunnarsson Helland ( 1875 - -1946 ) , was a Norwegian Hardanger fiddle maker from Bø in Telemark , Norway .
Ioan Alexandru ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈo̯an alekˈsandru ) ; born Ion Șandor , December 25 , 1941 in Topa Mică , Cluj County , Romania - September 16 , 2000 in Bonn , Germany ) was a Romanian poet , essayist and politician .
Edward Cowley is a New Zealand - Samoan facilitator , entertainer and fa'afafine .
Marcel Hatch , born November 4 , 1954 in Spokane , Washington , is an American - born graphic designer , gay rights , and Trotskyist political activist based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Theodor Duesterberg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdyːstɐbɛʁk ) ; October 19 , 1875 -- November 4 , 1950 ) was a leader of the Stahlhelm , Bund der Frontsoldaten , in Germany prior to the Nazi seizure of power .
Lee Hu - rak ( 23 February 1924 -- October 31 , 2009 ) was the Director of the Korea Central Intelligence Agency ( KCIA ) of South Korea from 1970 to 1973 .
Jan - Christian Hansche or Hanssche was a Flemish artist , possibly of German origin , who worked as a stuccoist in the Southern Netherlands , and also in Germany and Holland , in the second half of the 17th century .
Helenius de Cock ( 1 November 1824 -- 2 January 1894 ) was an instructor at the Theological School in Kampen , Overijssel , the Netherlands .
Mahesh Bikram Shah ( Nepali : महेशविक्रम शाह ) is author , novelist and winner of Madan Puraskar for his book Chhapamar ko Chhoro of Nepal .
Kenji Fusé ( born 1965 in Northfield , Minnesota ) is a Canadian violist and composer living in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Krisse Salminen ( born Heidi Kristiina Salminen 28 May 1976 in Hollola , Finland ) is a Finnish stand - up comedian and television talkshow hostess .
After his return to the Dominican Republic , he released his first album , `` Soplando''(1984 ) with a group of local musicians that subsequently became known as Juan Luis Guerra y 440 .
James Arreak ( born October 6 , 1952 ) is a territorial and municipal level politician in Canada .
Indy Khabra ( born 10 May 1979 in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada ) is a Canadian Association football player in Australia as a central attacking midfielder for Enfield FC in the Football NSW State League .
Yemane Gebreab is Head of Political Affairs and Presidential Adviser born in mekelle ethiopia 1954 is the People 's Front for Democracy and Justice ( PFDJ ) , the sole and ruling political party of Eritrea .
El Wali Amidane ( born 26 October 1986 ) is a Sahrawi human rights activist and an outspoken opponent of the Moroccan invasion of the territory of Western Sahara .
Giangiacomo Feltrinelli was born in 1926 into one of Italy 's wealthiest families , perhaps originating in Feltre .
Naungdawgyi ( Burmese : နောင်တော်ကြီး ( nàʊɴdɔ̀dʑí ) ; 10 August 1734 -- 28 November 1763 ) was king of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1760 to 1763 .
Anna Nurmukhambetova ( born 28 July 1993 in Kokshetau , Kazakhstan ) is a Kazakhstani weightlifter representing Kazakhstan .
In a interview for an algerian video about the Raï History only in Algeria ( see external links ) , Boutaiba Sghir declared to an algerian journalist `` The raï music was prohibited in all algerian medias ( radios and TV ) during the 70 's '' .
William Wyatt ( 1804 -- 10 June 1886 ) was a pioneer settler and philanthropist in South Australia .
Paul Bracq ( born December 13 , 1933 , Bordeaux , France ) is an automotive designer noted for his work at Citroën , Peugeot , BMW , and Mercedes - Benz .
Admiral Deshamanya D. Basil Gunasekara , ndc , psc , SLN ( 7 May 1929 - ) was the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy from 1973 to 1979 .
Štefan Horný ( born 13 January 1957 ) is a former football player from Slovakia and recently manager of MFK Skalica .
Mari Laukkanen ( born November 9 , 1987 in Eno , Finland ) is a Finnish biathlete .
Hadj Smaine Mohamed Seghir is an Algerian actor , director and thespian who was born in 1932 in Constantine , Algeria ,
Ishani Shrestha ( Nepali : इशानी श्रेष्ठ Listen ) ( born May 5 1991 ) is a Nepali beauty pageant titleholder who the winner of Miss Nepal 2013 and Miss Best walk subtitle holder .
Lucy Takiora Lord ( c.1842 -- 3 September 1893 ) was a New Zealand guide and interpreter .
Soumana Makadji was Minister of Health and Public Hygiene in the Council of Ministers of Mali from April 2012 to September 2013 .
Rangi Kipa ( born 1966 ) is a New Zealand sculptor , carver , illustrator and tā moko artist of Māori ( Taranaki , Te Atiawa Nui Tonu , Ngāti Maniapoto ) descent .
Nicole Rogerson ( born 1974 in Sydney ) is the founding Director and CEO of Autism Awareness Australia , a national not - for - profit organisation , which advocates for the awareness and understanding of Autism Spectrum Disorder , ..
Ahmed Rashid Beebeejaun , GCSK ( born on 22 December 1935 ) is a former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Utilities of Mauritius and he has been in office since 2008 .
Hanne Hukkelberg ( born 17 April 1979 ) is a singer - songwriter from Kongsberg , Norway .
Ferdinand Lumbantobing ( 19 February 1899 -- 7 October 1962 ) was Minister of Manpower and Transmigration of the Republic of Indonesia , Minister for Communications and Information of the Republic of Indonesia , Minister of Health of the Republic of Indonesia , and Governor of North Sumatra .
Samuel Horgan ( born 20 April 1987 in Palmerston North ) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist for Team Budget Forklifts .
Théodore - Pierre Bertin ( 2 November 1751 -- 25 January 1819 ) was the author of fifty - odd works on various subjects , but is primarily remembered as the person responsible for adapting Samuel Taylor 's shorthand to the French language and introducing modern shorthand to France .
Vania Rossi ( born 3 October 1983 ) is a professional cyclocross bicycle racer from Italy .
Miklós Toldi ( c. 1320 -- November 22 , 1390 ) was a Hungarian nobleman from Bihar County of the Kingdom of Hungary , who is remembered as a legendary strong hero in Hungarian folklore .
Megan Hutton ( born 26 March 1976 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand retired netball player .
Denise Karbon ( born 16 August 1980 ) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from northern Italy .
Juan José Eguiara y Eguren ( c. 1696 , Mexico -- 29 January 1763 ) was a Mexican Catholic scholar and bishop .
Vivian Frederick Maynard FitzSimons , born in Pietermaritzburg , was a notable herpetologist in South Africa .
Olli Mäenpää ( born 2 November 1950 , Perniö , Finland ) has been Professor of Administrative Law at the University of Helsinki since 1992 and previously held the same position at the University of Turku ( 1982 - 1992 ) .
Aaron Lines ' debut album , Love Changes Everything , was released in Canada in 2001 by independent record label Combustion Music .
Susan Cadogan ( born Alison Anne Cadogan , 2 November 1951 in Kingston , Jamaica ) is a reggae singer best known for her hit records in the 1970s .
Oscar Giannino was born in Turin , the capital city of Piedmont , Italy .
Gabriela Bertante notes that as a teenager aged 17 , she used to help her parents at their store in her hometown in Matias Barbosa , Minas Gerais , Brazil before she moved to Sao Paulo to begin a career in modelling .
Nicolás Millán Carrasco ( born 17 November 1991 in Santiago de Chile ) is a Chilean footballer , who currently plays for Primera B de Chile side Puerto Montt .
After one year in FC Vestsjælland where they promoted to the best league in Denmark , it was announced that Casper Henningsen moved to Brønshøj Boldklub .
Dr. Sujate Jantarang is the President of Mahanakorn University of Technology in Thailand .
Kazys Grinius ( ( kɐˈz̪ʲiːs̪ ˈɡʲrʲɪn̪ʲʊs̪ ) , 17 December 1866 -- 4 June 1950 ) was the third President of Lithuania , and held that office from 7 June 1926 to 17 December 1926 .
Brett Kissel ( born May 27 , 1990 ) is a Canadian country music artist signed to Warner Music Canada .
István Berde ( born 14 December 1988 in Sfântu Gheorghe ) is a Hungarian football player born in Romania .
Clare Maclean ( born in 1958 on the South Island of New Zealand , at Timaru ) is a New Zealand composer .
Kritsada Wongkaeo ( Thai : กฤษดา วงษ์แก้ว ) , is a Thai futsal Midfielder , and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Vendula Frintová holds a degree in anthropology and genetics ( Charles University , Prague ) and , when in the Czech Republic , she lives in her home town Nachod .
Paolo Virzì was born in Livorno , Italy in 1964 , as the son of a Sicilian police officer in the Carabinieri and a former singer .
Robert Wazinger ( born August 23 , 1966 ) is a retired Austrian football player who played for the Austria national football team .
In June 9th 2015 , Yogi Adityanath declared that those who oppose Yoga can leave India and they should be drowned .
Will Firth , born 23 May 1965 in Newcastle , Australia , is a literary translator who focuses on contemporary writing from the Serbo - Croatian speaking countries and Macedonia .
Barry Long was born and raised in Australia and had little formal education .
Prabhakar Sanzgiri ( died 9 March 2009 , in Vikhroli ) was a communist politician , trade union organiser and newspaper editor from Maharashtra , India .
Florian Metz ( born September 18 , 1985 in Zwettl , Lower Austria ) is an Austrian international footballer who plays as a defender for LASK Linz .
Jan Ridderbos ( 24 November 1879 -- 4 July 1960 ) was a minister in the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands and since 1912 professor of Old Testament at the Theological College ( Old Street ) in Kampen .
David Warbeck ( born David Mitchell ; 17 November 1941 -- 23 July 1997 ) was a New Zealand actor best known for his film roles in Europe .
A native of Surabaya , East Java which , until the founding of Indonesia in 1945 , was a part of Dutch East Indies , Ong Hok Ham lived in the city of his birth for the first twenty - five years of his life .
John Scherrenburg ( born October 23 , 1963 in Ede ) is a retired water polo player from the Netherlands .
Pierre Martin Ngô Đình Thục ( Vietnamese pronunciation : ( ŋo ɗîɲ tʰùkp ) ) ( 6 October 1897 -- 13 December 1984 ) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Huế , Vietnam and a member of the Ngô family , who ruled South Vietnam in the years leading up to the Vietnam War .
Kristjan Makke ( born March 12 , 1981 in Kohtla - Järve , Estonia ) is an Estonian professional basketballer .
In addition to his radio work , he found chart success in France with producing `` Everybody Clap '' and `` Summer Lovin' '' both credited to DJ Assad vs Maradja .
Fot ( Old Norse : Fotr ) was a runemaster who flourished in mid-11th century Sweden .
Monir Vakili ( December 19 , 1923 in Tabriz , Iran -- February 28 , 1983 in Belgium ) was an Iranian soprano .
Prince William Frederick , Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh KG GCB GCH PC FRS ( 15 January 1776 -- 30 November 1834 ) , was a great - grandson of King George II and nephew and son - in - law of King George III of the United Kingdom .
Not withstanding some denominational dilution caused by the arrival of refugees driven out by ethnic cleansing in parts of Poland and Russia east of the Oder - Neisse line which had been part of Germany before 1945 , Hermann Strathmann remained member of a protestant minority within an overwhelmingly Roman Catholic Bavarian state .
Roger de Flor ( 1267 -- 30 April 1305 ) , also known as Ruggero / Ruggiero da Fiore or Rutger von Blum or Ruggero Flores , was an Italian military adventurer and condottiere active in Aragonese Sicily , Italy and the Byzantine Empire .
Carina Round is a British singer - songwriter from Wolverhampton in the West Midlands of England .
Dolly Minhas ( Hindi : डॉली मिन्हास ; born 8 February 1968 , in Chandigarh ) is an Indian actress and former model , well known for winning the Miss India contest in 1988 .
Rafael Francisco Osejo was a Nicaraguan educator who governed Costa Rica in March 1823 .
Robert Beith ( May 17 , 1843 in Darlington Township , Canada West -- January 26 , 1922 ) was a Canadian politician and farmer .
Alexandr Romankov ( Russian : Александр Анатольевич Романьков ) is a former fencer from the former Soviet Union , who was born on 7 November 1953 in the town of Korsakov on the island of Sakhalin ( just north of Japan ) .
Antonia Fahberg ( born 19 May 1928 ) is an Austrian lyric soprano in opera and concert , who made a European career from Germany .
Stany Kempompo Ngangola , born January 8 , 1974 , is a swimmer and electrical engineer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Martin Kuba ( born 9 April 1973 ) is a Czech politician who served as Minister of Industry and Trade of the Czech Republic from November 2011 to July 2013 .
María Susana Giménez Aubert ( Spanish pronunciation : ( suˈsana xiˈmenes ) ; born January 29 , 1944 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , commonly known as Susana or Su , is an Argentine talk show host , actress , model and businesswoman .
Anthony Baffoe ( born 25 May 1965 in Bad Godesberg , Bonn , West Germany ) is a business manager and former Ghana international footballer .
Zyber Konçi is a former coach of Albania .
Camilo José Cela was born in the rural parish of Iria Flavia , in Padrón , Province of A Coruña , Spain , on 11 May 1916 .
Colleen Madamombe , born in 1964 in Salisbury , Rhodesia ( now Harare , Zimbabwe following independence in 1980 ) received her secondary education at school in Kutama , between 1979 and 1984 .
Shri Bashistha Narain Singh , a politician from Samata Party , is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Pa George Karika ( 1 August 1893 - -5 May 1949 ) was a New Zealand - Rarotongan leader , clerk , soldier and farmer .
Sabah Khoury , born in Kuwait on 10 November 1982 , lived in Lebanon until he was 15 .
Lidia Istrati ( June 22 , 1941 in Sofia -- April 25 , 1997 in Chişinău ) was a writer and politician from Moldova .
Ghulam Haider Hamidi ( Pashto : غلام حیدر حمیدی‎ , also spelled Ghulam Haidar Hameedi and also known as Henry Hamidi ; 1945 -- 27 July 2011 ) was the Mayor of Kandahar in Afghanistan .
Joe was badly in need of a replacement and remembered hearing Rose Brennan on radio during a visit to Ireland .
Georg Muche was born on 8 May 1895 in Querfurt , in the south of Saxony - Anhalt , Germany and grew up in the Rhön area .
David Droga 's career was recently highlighted in 60 Minutes Australia called `` Just Ad Droga '' in June 2015 .
Efrén Vázquez Rodríguez ( born 2 September 1986 in Barakaldo , Spain ) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer in the Moto2 World Championship riding a Suter .
Khalil Ramos was born January 22 , 1996 in Parañaque City , Philippines to parents Lito Ramos and Tessa Nepomuceno , who are entrepreneurs .
Alexander Wendt ( born 12 June 1958 in Mainz , West Germany ) is a political scientist who is one of the core social constructivist scholars in the field of international relations .
Julio César Moreno Yáñez ( born 27 September 1969 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Football Manager .
Abbas Jafri started his career in cricket and had played in Pakistan Under-19 cricket team for some years .
Fana Ashby ( born 15 June 1981 ) is a retired athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialised in the sprinting events .
Born in Hyōgo Prefecture of Japan , Chosei Funahara was educated in both America and Japan .
Daniel Alomía Robles was born in Peru in the city of Huánuco on January 3 , 1871 .
Peggy Butts received the Weiler Award in 1995 in recognition of her contributions to community and social development in Canada , and was awarded an honorary degree from St. Francis Xavier University in 1996 .
Dermot O'Hurley ( c. 1530 -- 19 or 20 June 1584 ; Dermod or Dermond O'Hurley , Irish : Diarmaid Ó hUrthuile ) was a Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cashel in Ireland during the reign of Elizabeth I who was put to death for treason .
He is Igbo and was born in Obiaruku , Nigeria , Uzo is the son of a bookseller and a midwife .
Cate Faehrmann ( born 17 March 1970 ) is an Australian politician , environmental activist and the chairperson of Sea Shepherd Australia .
Cristo Barrios ( born 30 May 1976 in Tenerife , Spain ) is a Spanish clarinetist , soloist and chamber musician .
Emile Bongeli Yeikelo Ya Ato ( born 19 October 1952 ) is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Lieutenant General Mohammad Asad Durrani ( Urdu : محمد اسد درانی‎ ; born 7 February 1941 ) is a retired 3-star rank general in the Pakistan Army and presently an intelligence commentator .
With his performance of Beethoven 's Choral Fantasy Op . 80 at the formal function of the Federal Government on the Day of German Unity on 3 October 2007 , Mateusz Molęda commanded attention throughout Germany .
Viktar Sasunouski ( born 29 June 1989 ) is a Greco - Roman wrestler from Belarus .
Ryang Kyu - sa ( born 3 June 1978 ) is a retired Zainichi Korean footballer who played for North Korea in 2000 AFC Asian Cup qualification .
Fr . Eduardo Najarro Reyes , S.J. ( born March 27 , 1947 in Havana , Cuba ) was the Rector of San Carlos and San Ambrosio Seminary since March 2007 until November 2008 .
Jean Tatlian considers himself the first chansonnier of the Soviet Union .
Jacques Schyrgens ( born in Elsene , Belgium 1923 ) is a Belgian - Canadian painter ( watercolors ) and illustrator .
Shamiram Urshan ( 1938 -- 25 June 2011 ) also known asShamiram Ourshan and Occasionally Shamiram Oshana ( Syriac : ܫܡܝܪܡ ܐܪܫܢܐ ) , was an Assyrian singer and entertainer from Iran .
William Guise Brittan ( 3 December 1809 -- 18 July 1876 ) , mostly known as Guise Brittan and commonly referred to as W. G. Brittan , was the first Commissioner of Crown Lands for Canterbury in New Zealand .
Claude Beat Fehr ( 21 June 1943 -- 18 June 1967 ) was a racing driver from Switzerland , born in Zurich .
Phares Oluoch Kanindo ( born 29 November 1942-died 24 May 2014 ) is a veteran politician in Kenya .
Artur Rimovich Yusupov ( Russian : Артур Римович Юсупов ; born 1 September 1989 in Kuybyshev , USSR , now Samara , Russia ) is a Russian professional footballer of Volga Tatar origin .
Moses Kiprono arap Keino ( September , 1937 -- November 4 , 1998 ) was Speaker of the Parliament of Kenya from 1988 until 1991 .
The son of Navy Captain Vicente Merino Jarpa , he was acting president of Chile between August 3 and 13 , 1946 .
George William Spencer Lyttelton CB FRGS ( 12 June 1847 -- 5 December 1913 ) was an English civil servant from the Lyttelton family who acted as private secretary to William Ewart Gladstone during three of his terms as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Jon Anders Halvorsen ( born 1968 in Lunde , Norway ) is a Norwegian folk singer and physician .
Baba Tela is a former member of the Senate of the National Assembly of Nigeria .
George Lui ( born 21 December 1981 ) in Solomon Islands is a footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Gilles Schnepp , ( born in Lyon , France , on 16 October 1958 ) is a French corporate senior executive .
Gonzalo Arango was born in Andes , a town of the Antioquian South - Eastern region in 1931 , in a time known in Colombia as the Regime of the Liberals that had to face the Great Depression .
Steinar Tenden ( born 5 April 1978 ) is a Norwegian footballer who played as a striker for several teams in Norway and Iceland .
Born in Peshawar , Pakistan on September 1936 , Aziz Naik was a patriot to his country .
Dr. B. Mario Pinto is a Canadian chemical biologist , academic and the current President of the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada ( NSERC ) .
Henning Bjerregaard ( 6 March 1927 -- 9 October 2014 ) was a Danish amateur football ( soccer ) player , who played for AGF Aarhus and B 93 in Denmark .
Yam Lal Kandel ( Nepali : यामलाल कँडेल ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) .
Frankie Stevens ( born Francis Donald McKechnie Stevenson ) , MNZM , is a New Zealand entertainer and singer .
Basil Athanasiadis ( Greek : Βασίλης Αθανασιάδης , born 1970 in Greece ) is a Greek composer based in the UK .
Christian Tissier ( born 1951 in Paris , France ) is one of the best known European Aikido teachers , who pioneered the art in France .
Jorge Valero Briceño ( born 8 November 1946 ) is the current Venezuelan Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Permanent Representative - designate for Venezuela to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland .
Fuat Necati Öncel ( born 1 May 1940 in Şanlıurfa , Turkey ) is a Turkish lawyer and politician .
Monique Worth ( born May 21 , 1944 ) is a former city councillor from Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Shakura S'Aida was born in Brooklyn and lived in Switzerland before moving to Canada .
Carmen Amaya ( 2 November 1913 -- 19 November 1963 ) was a flamenco Gypsy dancer ( Romani ) and singer , of Indian origin , born in the Somorrostro slum of Barcelona , Spain .
Cassiopée ( born 16 October 1977 , Quebec , Canada ) is a French Canadian singer and entertainer .
Roshni Kaur Soin is a beauty queen who was named Miss Singapore World in 2007 and went on to represent Singapore in Miss World 2007 in China .
Shahrol Yuzy Ahmad Zaini ( born 1976 in Teluk Intan , Perak ) is a motorcycle Grand Prix rider from Malaysia .
Matilda Lo Keong ( c.1856 - -18 December 1915 ) was a New Zealand storekeeper , homemaker and community worker .
Kiarash Anvari ( Persian : کيارش انوری‎ ) ( born 16 November 1977 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian film maker , video artist and script writer .
Lance Naik Muhammad Mahfuz ( born 25 October 1944 ) was a Pakistani soldier , who was awarded the Nishan - i - Haider , the highest military award of Pakistan , he was martyred during the indo - pak war ...
Engebret Soot ( 26 May 1786 -- 3 March 1859 ) is known as the father of the Fredrikshald Canal now known as the Halden Canal in south - eastern Norway .
Fairuz Abdul Aziz joined Sime Darby FC for the 2010 Malaysia Premier League after this club was founded on 22 January 2010 .
Raphaël Aubert ( born 1953 in Lausanne , Switzerland ) is a Swiss writer and essayist .
Kārlis Reinholds Zariņš ( born 4 December 1879 , Ipiķi parish -- 29 April 1963 , London ) ( international : Charles Zarine ) was Envoy and Consul General of Latvia in the United Kingdom .
Joaquín Irigoytía ( born August 15 , 1975 in Paraná ( Entre Ríos ) , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of the Argentina , Paraguay , Mexico and Spain .
Vladimir Roslik ( c. 1943 -- c. 1984 ) was a doctor and a member of the Communist Party of Uruguay during the Uruguayan military dictatorship of 1974 - 1984 .
Roberts Pakalns ( 7 November 1911 -- 17 May 1986 ) was a Latvian footballer and football manager , a three - time champion of Latvia .
Obong Akpan Isemin was elected governor of Akwa Ibom State in Nigeria from January 1992 to November 1993 during the Nigerian Third Republic .
Antonello Bonci ( born in Pesaro , Italy ) is a neurologist and a neuropsychopharmacologist .
Born in Varese , Italy , Pasquale Macchi was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood on 15 June 1946 .
Oscar Rivadeneira ( born in 1960 in Lima , Peru ) is a retired Peruvian boxer .
General Carlos Humberto Romero Mena ( born February 29 , 1924 ) is a former President of El Salvador , elected on February 20 , 1977 in a supposedly fraudulent election and inaugurated on July 1 , 1977 .
Auguste de Niederhäusern , better known as Rodo ( April 2 , 1863 -- May 21 , 1913 ) was a sculptor and medalist active in Switzerland and France .
Ákos Farkas de Dorog ( 22 August 1894 -- 1955 ) was a Hungarian jurist and politician , who served as Mayor of Budapest during the Nazi occupation of Hungary .
Brent Metcalf ( born July 14 , 1986 ) is an American amateur wrestler currently competing in the international circuit for the United States of America .
Chirikure Chirikure ( born 1962 in Gutu , Zimbabwe ) is a Zimbabwean poet , songwriter , and writer .
Carole Roussopoulos ( 25 May 1945 -- 22 October 2009 ) was a Swiss film director and feminist who was primarily known for her pioneering early documentary films of the Women 's liberation movement in France .
Hugo Pessanha ( born April 1 , 1986 ) is a judoka from Brazil .
Alin Artimon ( born 31 August 1971 in Timişoara , Romania ) is a former Romanian football player and current manager .
Kerrianne Cox is an Aboriginal singer from Beagle Bay in Western Australia .
Sieglinde Hartmann ( born 1954 in Wuppertal , Germany ) is a German medievalist , expert on the medieval poet Oswald von Wolkenstein and president of the Oswald von Wolkenstein - Gesellschaft .
Johann Peter Klassen ( 1868 - 1947 ) was a Russian Mennonite poet and writer who emigrated to Canada in 1923 but wrote primarily in the German language .
Santiago Amigorena ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sanˈtjaɣo amiɣoˈɾena ) ; born 15 February 1962 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine screenwriter , film producer , film director and actor .
Marios Papadopoulos ( Greek : Μάριος Παπαδόπουλος ; born 10 December 1992 in Thessaloniki ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Football League 2 ( Greece ) club Aris , as an Attacking Midfielder .
The youngest son of Joseph and Carmela Camilleri , Emanuel Galea was born in Senglea , Malta , on March 10 , 1891 .
Aung Myo Thant ( Burmese : အောင်မျိုးသန့်;born 1 December 1984 ) is a footballer from Myanmar .
Snehal Pradhan ( born 18 March 1986 in Pune ) is a cricketer who has played in five women 's One Day Internationals for India .
Anil Dalpat Sonavaria ( born September 20 , 1963 ) is the first Hindu ever to play Test cricket for Pakistan .
Iggy Strange Dahl is a songwriter based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Arash Borhani ( Persian : آرش برهانی‎‎ , born 14 September 1983 in Kerman , Iran ) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran 's Premier Football League and is a member of Iran national football team .
His studio became the Musée Bourdelle , an art museum dedicated to his work , located at 18 , rue Antoine Bourdelle , in the 15th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Nirmal Chandra Chatterjee ( 1895 - 1971 ) was an Indian jurist who served as president of the All - India Hindu Mahasabha .
Ryusuke Minami ( 南 竜介 , born July 9 , 1981 in Nishinomiya ) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Kaine Manihera ( born 25 December 1986 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Northern Pride in the Queensland Cup .
George Benson Hall ( 1780 -- January 9 , 1821 ) was a naval officer , businessman and political figure in Upper Canada .
Muiredach Tirech , son of Fiacha Sraibhtine , was a legendary High King of Ireland of the fourth century .
Ida Lorentzen has painted several portrait commissions , Queen Sonja of Norway ( 1994 ) and the Coronation Ceremony in the Nidaros Cathedral in 1991 .
Mario Montoya Uribe ( born 29 April 1949 ) is a former Colombian military General and Commander of the Colombian National Army ( Spanish : Ejército Nacional de Colombia ) until his resignation on November 4 , 2008 following the ' false positives ' scandal involving the deaths of 11 civilians at the hands of the military .
Robert - Joseph Auguste ( 1723 -- ca1805 ) was a sculptor and royal goldsmith to Louis XV and Louis XVI of France , whose coronation crown he made .
Frederick George Ewington ( 27 May 1844 - -27 June 1922 ) was a New Zealand soldier , estate agent , philanthropist and pamphleteer .
Patricia Noall ( born June 2 , 1970 ) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in international swimming championships during the 1980s and early 1990s , competing in freestyle events .
Patrick Keogh , also known as Pat Keogh or Paddy Keogh , ( c. 1867 -- 12 March 1940 ) was a New Zealand rugby footballer who toured with the 1888 - -89 New Zealand Native football team .
Dominic Jeeva ( Tamil : டொமினிக் ஜீவா ; June 27 , 1927 ) is a prominent minority Sri Lankan Tamil author and literary figure from Sri Lanka .
Jan Kopecký ( born January 28 , 1982 in Opočno ) is a professional rally driver from Czech Republic who currently competes in the European Rally Championship ( ERC ) with Škoda Motorsport .
Solveig Slettahjell ( born 2 April 1971 in Bærum , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz singer , known for her soulful , seductive voice .
Maria - Elena Papasotiriou ( born 27 January 1990 ) is an American figure skater who represented Greece .
B. Shankaranand was a congress politician from Karnataka and minister in government of India .
Peig Sayers ( /ˌpɛɡ ˈsɛərz/ ; 1873 - -1958 ) was an Irish author and seanachaí born in Dunquin ( Dún Chaoin ) , County Kerry , Ireland .
Thomas Bouquillon ( 16 May 1840 in Warneton , Belgium -- 5 November 1902 in Brussels , Belgium ) was a Belgian Catholic theologian .
James Blight ( born January 19 , 1976 ) is a Canadian voice actor based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Francisco Javier Lampillas or Xavier Llampillas , born as Francisco Javier Cerdá ( Mataró , Spain 1731 - Sesti , Italia , 1810 ) was a Jesuit scholar and author .
Genshin ( 源信 ; 942 -- July 6 , 1017 ) , also known as Eshin Sozu , was the most influential of a number of Tendai scholars active during the tenth and eleventh centuries in Japan .
Abdullah Ensour ( pronunciation AHB - duh - lah ehn - SOOR , Arabic : عبد الله النسور‎ ʿAbd Allāh an - Nasūr ; born 20 January 1939 ) is a Jordanian economist who has been Prime Minister of Jordan since October 2012 .
André Papineau ( March 5 , 1765 -- June 22 , 1832 ) was a cooper and political figure in Lower Canada .
Evan Crawford is a New Zealand former rugby union player and a current coach .
Denise Martin is a former Australian cricket player , born 4 March 1959 in Mount Lawley , Western Australia .
Norberto Ramírez Áreas ( late 18th century , León , Nicaragua -- 11 July 1856 , León , Nicaragua ) was a Nicaraguan lawyer and politician .
Kelli Shean Rackley ( born 10 September 1987 ) is a golfer from South Africa .
John Lewthwaite ( 1816 - -1892 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament in the Taranaki Region of New Zealand .
Seyni Kountché ( 1 July 1931 -- 10 November 1987 ) was a Nigerien military officer who led a 1974 coup d'état that deposed the government of Niger 's first president , Hamani Diori .
Carlos Ardila Lülle was born in the city of Bucaramanga , Colombia on July 4 , 1930 .
Josef Alexej Eisenberger was a World War II brigadier general from Czechoslovakia .
The Bogolyubovs relocated to the village of Velikaya Krucha in the Poltava Governorate ( now in Poltava Oblast , Ukraine ) in 1919 , where the young Nikolay Bogolyubov began to study physics and mathematics .
Ishant Sharma ( pronunciation ; born 2 September 1988 ) is an Indian cricketer who has represented India in Tests , ODIs and T20Is .
Dario Floreano ( San Daniele del Friuli , Italy , 1964 ) is director of the Laboratory of Intelligent Systems ( LIS ) at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland .
Kambiz Norouzi ( کامبیز نوروزی in Persian ) is a lawyer , university professor , legal advisor of the Association of Iranian Journalists , in which role he spoke out against the closure of newspapers in 2002 , and lecturer at Center of Media Education in Iran .
Pe Maung Tin ( Burmese : ဖေမောင်တင် ( pʰè màʊɴ tɪ̀ɴ ) ; 24 April 1888 -- 22 March 1973 ) was a scholar of Pali and Buddhism and educator in Myanmar , formerly Burma .
Laila Boonyasak ( Thai : ไลลา บุญยศักดิ์ , rtgs : Laila Bunyasak ) , or formerly Chermarn Boonyasak ( Thai : เฌอมาลย์ บุญยศักดิ์ , rtgs : Choeman Bunyasak ) , born September 15 , 1982 in Bangkok , Thailand , is a Thai film and television actress and model .
Saifullah Bangash ( born 21 March 1995 ) is a Pakistani first - class cricketer . He Plays For Karachi University , Sui Southern Gas Corporation and Pakistan 's U-19.He Plays for Karachi Kings in 2016 Pakistan Super League .
Denise Norton was the first South Australian to represent Australia at an Olympic or Commonwealth Games .
Raymond Frank McMullen ( 18 January 1933 -- 21 May 2004 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player and referee .
Hildebrando Fuentes ( 1860 - 1917 ) was a Peruvian politician and lawyer and was one of the prominent figures in the social and intellectual life of Lima , Peru .
General Tiéfing Konaté is the Minister of Internal Security and Civilian Protection of Mali since 24 April 2012 .
Afia Charles ( born July 22 , 1992 ) is a sprinter from Antigua and Barbuda who specializes in the 400 metres .
George Hussey Packe ( 1 May 1796 -- 2 July 1874 ) was a United Kingdom Member of Parliament , an army officer present at the Battle of Waterloo , and was instrumental in establishing the Great Northern Railway .
William Glynne Charles Gladstone ( 14 July 1885 -- 13 April 1915 ) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom , and the last of four generations of Gladstones to serve in the House of Commons , the first being his great - grandfather Sir John Gladstone(s ) ( 1764 - -1851 ) .
Marlon Manalo ( b. November 27 , 1975 in Mandaluyong City , Philippines ) is a Filipino professional pool player from Mandaluyong City , Philippines .
William Parker Morrell , CBE ( 20 November 1899 - -27 April 1986 ) was a notable New Zealand historian and university professor .
V. Ramaswami was the Justice of the Supreme Court of India and the first judge against whom impeachment proceedings were initiated in independent India .
Chaiya Mitchai ( Thai : เอ , ไชยา มิตรชัย ) ( born April 5 , 1974 ) is a singer and likay and drama actor from Thailand .
Luli Bitri was born in Lushnje , Albania and grew up in Tirana .
Jenia Lubich is a singer - songwriter , from Saint Petersburg , Russia , who performs and writes in English , Russian , French and Spanish .
Grace Alexandra Rood ( 1893 - -1981 ) was a notable New Zealand school dental nurse .
Wijesinghe Jayaweera Mudiyanselage Udith Sanjaya Lokubandara ( born 19 December 1984 ) ( known as Udith Lokubandara ) MP is a Member of Parliament of Sri Lanka , representing the Badulla District .
Jerzy Łojek ( 3 September 1932 -- 7 October 1986 ) was a Polish historian and opposition activist in People 's Republic of Poland .
Francisco Morales Bermúdez Cerruti ( born October 4 , 1921 ) is a Peruvian general who came to power in Peru in 1975 after deposing his predecessor , General Juan Velasco .
Javad Arianmanesh(Persian : جواد آرین‌منش‎ ) ( born September 21 , 1953 in Mashhad , Iran ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Amoghavarsha I ( also known as Amoghavarsha Nrupathunga I ) ( 800 - -878 CE ) was a Rashtrakuta emperor , the greatest ruler of the Rashtrakuta dynasty , and one of the great emperors of India .
Jane Urquhart , Order of Canada OC ( born June 21 , 1949 ) is a Canadian novelist and poet born in Little Long Lac , Ontario .
Marie Möör is a French singer and Songwriter born in France , Seine - et - Marne .
Huang Nan - hua ( 黃南華 ) also known as Huang Siu - ming ( 黃小明 ) was a citizen from the People 's Republic of China , who planned to assassinate Hong Kong pro - democracy figure Martin Lee and media mogul Jimmy Lai in 2008 .
Pavlos Prosalentis ( Greek : Παύλος Προσαλέντης ; 28 January 1784 , Corfu - 1 February 1837 , Corfu ) was the first professional sculptor in modern Greece .
Vice admiral Matthieu Borsboom ( born 1959 ) is a Royal Netherlands Navy officer who is a former Commander of the Royal Netherlands Navy and Admiral Benelux , and has served with the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan .
Ali Salem Tamek ( Arabic : علي سالم التامك‎ ; born December 24 , 1973 , in Assa , Morocco ) is a Sahrawi independence activist , human rights defender and trade unionist .
Brandon Simpson ( born 6 September 1981 in Florida , U.S. ) is a sprinter who represents Bahrain , having previously represented Jamaica .
Maggi Sietsma AM ( born 1951 ) is the founding artistic director of the multiple - award winning Brisbane contemporary dance company , Expressions Dance Company , and regarded as one of Australia 's leading choreographers .
Mohammed Mouhouti ( born February 8 , 1972 in Morocco ) is a retired footballer .
Sobhuza I ( also known as Ngwane IV , Somhlolo ) ( ca . 1780 - -1836 ) was king of Swaziland , from 1815 to 1836 .
Lev Biryuk is a Ukrainian politician , People 's Deputy of Ukraine of the 4th , 5th and 6th convocations of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine .
Mabel Whitaker ( 1884 - -1976 ) was a notable New Zealand teacher and local historian .
Róbinson Zapata Montaño ( born 30 September 1978 , Florida , Colombia ) , is a Colombian football player who plays for Independiente Santa Fe .
After the Captaincy General of Guatemala , which included Honduras , became independent from Spain ( on September 15 , 1821 ) Francisco Morazán began to take an active part in politics and public administration .
M. C. Veerabahu Pillai ( 19 May 1903 -- 15 April 1976 ) was an Indian lawyer , businessman , and politician from Tamil Nadu , who served in the first Lok Sabha of independent India ; he was also an independence activist .
Simon Wulfse ( born January 12 , 1952 in Dordrecht ) is a strongman from the Netherlands .
Ramaz Paliani ( Georgian : რამაზ ფალიანი , born August 21 , 1973 in Mestia , Georgia ) is a Georgian boxer who has won World and European Championships in the men 's featherweight division .
Reda Seireg ( born December 20 , 1949 in El Gharbia , Egypt ) is a retired Egyptian Major General , a Technical Consultant for the Ministry of Irrigation , Reviewer in the ACM / IEEE transaction and a Computer Science Professor at King Khalid University .
Brian Hannant ( born 13 February 1940 ) is an Australian filmmaker who worked for many years at Film Australia .
Elsa Pataky was born in Madrid , Spain , the daughter of José Francisco Lafuente , a Spanish biochemist , and Cristina Pataky Medianu , a publicist of Romanian and Hungarian ancestry .
Bas Leinders ( born 16 July 1975 ) is a professional racing driver from Belgium .
Hermann Joseph von Krippahl , known as Herman José ( born 19 March 1954 in Lisbon , Portugal ) , is a well - known Portuguese comedian , though virtually unknown abroad .
Peadar O'Donnell ( Irish : Peadar Ó Domhnaill ; 22 February 1893 -- 13 May 1986 ) was one of the foremost radicals of twentieth century Ireland .
Nouria Benghabrit - Remaoun ( born 5 March 1952 ) is an Algerian sociologist and researcher woman who serves in the government of Algeria as Minister of National Education .
Dragi Šestić ( born 14 May 1966 in Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a music producer , sound engineer , director of music video clips and record label owner .
José Júlio da Costa ( born 14 October 1893 in Garvão - died 16 March 1946 in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese a left - wing political activist who assassinated President Sidónio Pais of Portugal on 14 December 1918 .
Christian Giordano ( born on October 27 , 1945 ) is a Swiss anthropologist and sociologist born in Lugano , Switzerland .
Dr. Gerungan Saul Samuel Jozias Ratulangi or Ratu Langie ( November 5 , 1890 -- June 30 , 1949 ) , usually known as Sam Ratulangi , was a Minahasa politician , journalist and teacher from North Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Tigist Shibabaw ( 1980 - -January 2008 ) , born in Chagni , Ethiopia , was an Ethiopian singer and one of the original members of the Harlem - based hip hop fusion band Bole2Harlem .
Deborah Mollison is a British composer and songwriter born on 29 May 1958 , who works in both the United Kingdom and the United States .
Louis Roelandt or Lodewijk Joseph Adriaan Roelandt with his full Dutch name , was a Belgian architect that played an important role in the evolution of Neo - Renaissance and Neo - Classical architecture in Belgium .
Venkat Vejju is a Racquetball player from Andhra Pradesh , India .
Charles Elliott Perry ( 1871 - -1937 ) was a New Zealand Anglican clergyman .
Zeynel Mungan , born in Diyarbakir , Turkey in 1952 , received his medical degree at the Medical Faculty of Istanbul University in 1977 .
Juan Valverde de Amusco ( or `` de Hamusco '' ) ( c. 1525- ? ) was born in the Kingdom of León in what is now Spain in about the year 1525 and studied medicine in Padua and Rome under Realdo Columbo and Bartolomeo Eustachi .
Paintings by German Tatarinov are in Art museums and private collections in Russia , France , USA , Finland , Germane , England , Japan , and throughout the world .
Jacob Lalrawngbawla ( born 8 June 1995 ) is an Indian football player playing for Shillong Lajong in the I - League in India as a Midfielder .
Rakesh Maria ( born 19 January 1957 ) is the current DG , Home Guard and former Commissioner of Police , Mumbai , India .
Brian Lee Irvine ( born 9 March 1944 in Durban , South Africa ) was a cricketer who played four Tests for South Africa in 1969 - -70 in the last Test series played by South Africa before official sporting links were broken over the apartheid policy .
Justin Westhoff was born in Eudunda , South Australia where he lived until the age of three .
Jesus Héctor Luis Palma Salazar was born in Noria de Abajo , Mocorito , Sinaloa , Mexico in the mid 1940s .
Pierre Tarisel ( c. 1442 -- August 1510 ) was the Master - mason to the King of France , known for working on Amiens Cathedral .
Pearnel Charles is a Jamaican politician with the Jamaica Labour Party .
Wazi Abdul Hamid ( born 1971 ) is a veteran motorcycle cub prix rider from Malaysia , winning the 1996 125 cc .
Walter Santesso ( 27 February 1931 in Padua , Italy -- 20 January 2008 ) was an Italian film actor and director .
Monique Mbeka Phoba ( born 1962 ) is a filmmaker whose family comes from the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) but who now lives in Benin .
Charles Anthony Schott was born at Mannheim , Baden , Germany .
Jan Goessens ( born October 20 , 1962 in Ghent ) is a retired road racing cyclist from Belgium , who was a professional rider from 1986 to 1993 , for mainly smaller teams .
Véronique De Kock ( born 3 April 1977 ( age 38 ) in Antwerp , Belgium ) was Miss Belgium 1995 .
Sidney Wilfred Scott ( 1900 - -1970 ) was a notable New Zealand communist , journalist and editor .
Miloš Ninković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Нинковић ; born 25 December 1984 ) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for A - League club Sydney FC and the Serbia national team .
Floris Braat started his canoe racing career at the age of 10 in Eindhoven , the Netherlands .
Maksim Surayev is a recipient of the Gold Star Medal of Hero of Russia .
Luboš Kubík ( born 20 January 1964 in Vysoké Mýto ) is a Czech former professional footballer and former manager of Torquay United , who played sweeper for the Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic national teams , winning 56 caps in total , and a number of notable clubs .
Edmilson Marques Pardal ( simply known as Edmilson ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Bonsucesso FC in Brazil as a Forward .
Sirio Maccioni ( born 1932 in Montecatini Terme , Italy ) is a restaurateur and author .
Javier Mercedes González ( born 24 September 1979 in Asuncion ) is an Paraguayan footballer currently playing in Paraguay for Club Nacional .
Marina Kroschina was a Ukrainian Tennis player who played for the Soviet Union and won 1971 Wimbledon girls ' singles championships .
Ek Nath Dhakal ( एकनाथ ढकाल ) ( born 13 August 1974 ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Nepal Pariwar Dal , and a leader of the Family Federation for World Peace and Unification .
Suzette Defoye née Marie - Suzanne - Joséphe Artus Truyart ( Lille , 17 July 1741 -- Floruit 1787 ) , was a French ballet dancer , stage actor , opera singer and theatre director , active in France , Belgium and Russia .
Harald Viggo Hansteen ( 13 September 1900 -- 10 September 1941 ) was a Norwegian lawyer who was executed by the Germans during their five - year occupation of Norway .
Taniela Tuiaki ( born 2 May 1982 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a retired New Zealand professional rugby league player who played for the Wests Tigers in the Australian National Rugby League ( NRL ) competition .
Barthélemy Vimont ( January 1 , 1594 -- July 13 , 1667 ) was a French Jesuit missionary in New France , North America .
Hon Robyn McDonald is a former New Zealand politician .
Edmond Mondesir was born in Fort - de - France ( Martinique ) in 1948 .
Htet Htet Htun ( born 23 February 1992 ) is a Burmese actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Myanmar 2016 and will represent Myanmar at the Miss Universe 2016 Pageant .
Michael Adonai ( b. 5 December 1962 , in Asmara ) is a visual artist from Eritrea .
Ciarán Power ( born 8 May 1976 in Waterford , Ireland ) is a former professional racing cyclist .
Mieczysław Cieślar ( March 28 , 1950 -- April 18 , 2010 ) was a Lutheran theologian and bishop of the diocese of the Evangelical Augsburg Church in Poland in Warsaw .
Roberto Cesar Perez Ruibal better known by his pen name Roberto Barry ( 1920 - -1980 ) was a comedian , singer , journalist , actor , writer and radio and television comedy writer from Uruguay .
Evelyn Morris , also known as Pikelet , is a musician from the outer suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
Péter Kacsuk is a Hungarian computer scientist at MTA - SZTAKI , Budapest , Hungary .
Elin Suleymanov Emin oglu ( Azerbaijani : Elin Süleymanov Emin oğlu ) is the Ambassador of Republic of Azerbaijan to the United States and former Consul General of Azerbaijan Republic in Los Angeles .
Niels Kaas ( 1535 -- 29 June 1594 ) was a Danish politician who served as Chancellor of Denmark from 1573 until his death .
Ken Roczen ( born 29 April 1994 in Mattstedt , Germany ) is a German professional motocross and supercross racer .
Reza Ghotbi ( Persian : رضا قطبی‎ ) was born in 1940 in Tehran , Iran .
Nirmalananda , born as Tulasi Charan Dutta in Calcutta , was a direct disciple of Ramakrishna , the 19th century mystic and Hindu saint from India , and took Sanyasa ( monastic vows ) from Vivekananda along with Brahmananda and others .
Cathrine Hasse ( born 1956 in Denmark ) is a professor of cultural anthropology and learning at the University of Aarhus , Denmark .
Horacio Pancheri ( born on December 2 , 1982 , Esquel , Argentina ) , is an Argentine actor and model .
Omar Sachedina ( born August 21 , 1982 ) is a Canadian television journalist , currently a news anchor and correspondent for the CTV Television Network , a Canadian English language television network owned by Bell Media , and Canada 's largest privately owned network .
Francis Reneau ( or Frankie Reneau ) is a pianist and composer from Belize .
Andy Roda is the youngest child of two Filipino immigrants to Denmark .
Radosław Chruściński ( born December 14 , 1991 in Katowice , Poland ) is a Polish pair skater .
Bruno Zanin ( born 9 April 1951 , in Vigonovo , Northern Italy ) is an Italian film , theatre and TV actor and writer .
Dearbhla Walsh is an Irish film and television director who has worked on drama series for several television channels in Ireland and the United Kingdom , including episodes of EastEnders , Shameless and The Tudors .
Saint Donatus of Evorea ( Albanian : Shën Donati , Greek : Άγιος Δονάτος ) was a Christian saint revered in Albania and Greece .
After Mao Zedong 's communists won the Chinese Civil War and established the People 's Republic of China in 1949 , Shangguan Yunzhu continued her acting career under the new government .
Claire Roche is a singer harpist based in Co. Dublin , Ireland .
Norman Yakeleya ( born March 13 , 1959 ) is a territorial level politician from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Robert Anthony Robinson ( 1904 - 1979 ) was a New Zealand inorganic chemist , best known for his book Electrolyte solutions book , which has been a standard for decades .
Carl Djerassi was born in Vienna , Austria , but spent the first years of his infancy in Sofia , Bulgaria , the home of his father , Samuel Djerassi , a dermatologist and specialist in sexually transmitted diseases .
For The President of the United States of America , in the name of Congress , takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Private Oscar Brookin , United States Army , for extraordinary heroism on 1 July 1898 , while serving with Company C , 17th U.S. Infantry , in action at El Caney , Cuba .
Matthijs van Nieuwkerk was born in Amsterdam , the capital of the Netherlands .
Li Shizeng ( Chinese : 李石曾 ; Wade -- Giles : Li Shih - tseng ; 29 May 1881 -- 30 September 1973 ) was an educator , promoter of anarchist doctrines , political activist , and member of the Chinese Nationalist Party in early Republican China .
Dumaagiin Sodnom ( Mongolian : Думаагийн Содном ; born 14 July 1933 ) is a Mongolian political figure who served as Mongolia 's 14th Prime Minister from 1984 to 1990 .
Paul Geraghty ( born 3 May 1959 , in Durban , South Africa ) is a British based author and illustrator of children 's picture books .
Veerle Casteleyn ( born 6 March 1978 in Belgium ) is a Belgian musical theatre performer and ballerina .
John Willie Kofi Harlley ( 19 May 1919 -- c. 1980s ) was a former foreign minister of Ghana .
Hoste da Reggio ( also L'Hoste , L'Osto , Oste , and Bartolomeo Torresano ) ( c. 1520 - -1569 ) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance , active in Milan and elsewhere in northern Italy .
Arto Haapala ( born 1959 ) is a Finnish philosopher , aesthetician and Professor of Aesthetics at the Department of Philosophy , History , Culture and Art Studies at Helsinki University , Finland .
Sami Abdul Aziz Salim Allaithy Alkinani ( born October 28 , 1956 ) is a citizen of Egypt who was held in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Bassil Da Costa ( 7 May 1990 -- 12 February 2014 ) was a Venezuelan university student , killed during the 2014 protests against the Government of Venezuela .
Vittoria Belvedere ( born January 17 , 1972 ) is an Italian actress from Vibo Valentia in Calabria , southern Italy .
Emmet Charles McHardy ( 27 June 1904 - -17 May 1933 ) was a New Zealand catholic missionary .
Laurent Chappis ( 8 May 1915 -- 28 December 2013 ) was an architect and town planner , born in Aix - les - Bains , France .
Romain Virgo ( born 24 January 1990 ) is a singer from Jamaica , specializing in the lovers rock style of reggae music .
Ravi Belagere is a writer and journalist based in Bengaluru , Karnataka , India .
As Lady Apache , González has mainly worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) , Mexico 's two largest professional wrestling promotions during her career , switching back and forth several times .
Making his debut for Portugal on 24 September 1980 in a 1 - -3 friendly loss in Italy , Eduardo Luís went on to win eight caps in nearly seven years .
Slow Boat Home ( Chinese : 情越海岸線 ; literally `` love exceeds the coastline '' ) is a 2013 Hong Kong romantic comedy television drama produced by Leung Choi - yuen and TVB .
First launched in Australia in October 2005 , the Sipahh straw is now available in 44 countries across 5 continents .
Shankarpali or Shakkarpara or Shankarpaada is an Indian snack popular in Western India , especially in Gujarat and Maharashtra .
Baby Blood was directed by Alain Robak who found that the interest in films of the fantastique genre had increased in France , and desired to make a film in this style as he was a fan of b - movies .
The Iron - Fisted Monk ( Chinese : 三德和尚与舂米六 ) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Sammo Hung in his directorial debut , who also starred in the lead role .
Absinthe originated in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland in the late 18th century .
Le Pèlerin de Camp Nou ( English : `` Captain Majid '' ) is a 2009 feature film produced in the north - central African country of Chad .
Far Breton ( also Breton far ) is a traditional cake or dessert from the Brittany region in France .
Taking the expedition of a group of Frenchmen following in the tracks of their fellow countrymen as a starting point , Bougafer 33 is a journey through time and space that tells of the battle that took place in 1933 at the foot of the Bougafer Mountain during the war Morocco fought against the French - Spanish colonial conquest .
16 bästa ( English : `` 16 Best '' ) is a budget compilation released shortly after Nielsen 's 2014 Melodifestivalen win with `` Undo '' , which went on to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2014 .
The Japanese giant - robot manga and anime Mazinger Z was popular in South Korea at the time of Robot Taekwon V 's creation , and Kim Cheong - gi freely discusses the influence of Mazinger Z on his cartoon , saying he wanted to create a Korean hero for Korean children .
The Nederlands Dagblad ( `` The Netherlands Daily '' ) is a Dutch newspaper , available throughout the country , with a daily circulation of about 33,000 issues in 2006 .
Mindhunters was filmed entirely in the Netherlands .
`` Judy , min vän '' was composed by Englishman Roger Wallis , living in Sweden since the early 60s , originally with English lyrics and entitled `` Dear Mrs. Jones '' .
The CARSO Center for the Study of Mexican History ( in Spanish : Centro de Estudios de Historia de México Carso , CEHM - Carso ) is a Mexican cultural institution devoted to the research , preservation and dissemination of Mexico 's historical prints and documents from the 18th century to the 20th century .
Caldo tlalpeño , is a traditional dish from Mexico which contains chicken meat , and chickpeas , carrots , and green beans , submerged in a chicken broth with garlic and onion , seasoned with epazote and chipotle chili .
Bharat Ki Beti ( India 's Daughter ) is a 1935 Hindi social film directed by Premankur Atorthy .
The M79 Osa was designed and manufactured by Sloboda Čačak in the former Yugoslavia .
Pizza - ghetti is a combination meal commonly found in fast food or family restaurants throughout the province of Quebec and other parts of Canada .
Ski Sunday is the BBC Sports weekly magazine - style television show covering winter sports , broadcast in the United Kingdom on Sundays in a late afternoon or an early evening time - slot .
At the Sign of the Reine Pédauque ( French : La Rôtisserie de la reine Pédauque ) is a historical novel by Anatole France , written in 1892 and published the next year .
Akademiska Damkören Lyran ( Swedish pronunciation : ( akaˈdeːmiska ˈdaːmkœːren ˈlyːran ) ) , often referred to as simply Lyran , is a Finland - Swedish academic female - voice choir in Helsinki , Finland .
Ghar Ek Mandir is an India television show .
Demonstrations in Physics was an educational science series produced in Australia by ABC Television in 1969 .
Ashes , Ashes ( French : Ravage ) is a science fiction novel written by René Barjavel , set in 2052 France .
Some historians believe that the presumed available prints of India 's first feature film Raja Harishchandra ( 1913 ) are actually of Satyavadi Raja Harishchandra .
Daily Tips for Modern Living is a six - episode comedy television series which aired across Canada in 1998 on CBC Television .
Girl vs. Boy is a New Zealand teen situation comedy filmed in Seatoun , Wellington and produced by KHF Media , NZ on Air and TVNZ .
Life at the End of the Rainbow is a 2002 documentary by Australian filmmaker Wayne Coles - Janess about the small farming community of Rainbow , population 500 , which lies on the edge of the Big Desert , North Western Victoria , Australia .
Yegna ( pronounced Yen - ya , meaning `` Ours '' in Amharic ) is an all - girl Ethiopian acting and pop group with the stated aim of reaching out to empower the young women of Ethiopia .
Hum Badal Gaye is the first animation film from Assam and Northeast India officially certified and censored by Central Board of Film Certification , India .
Iran 160 Sea Killer / Marte Mk2 Vulcano , delivered between 1971 - 1972 for Saam frigates Italy Sea Killer Mk 1 Nettuno ( evaluation ) .
Bagara khana is a spiced rice delicacy prepared in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
The Times of India gave movie 3/5 stars , stating `` Like all films that talk of reforming society , Anil Sharma 's Singh Saab the Great has its heart in the correct place .
Ang TV ( English : The TV ) is a youth - oriented variety show in the Philippines .
Studio 2 LIVE was a New Zealand children 's television show .
Buttermilk koldskål ( Danish : Kærnemælkskoldskål , often just koldskål - literally cold bowl ) is a sweet cold beverage or dessert eaten in Denmark .
First published by Macmillan of Canada in 1981 , The Rebel Angels is the first of the three connected novels of Davies ' Cornish Trilogy .
Filming of Al Halfout occurred mainly in Egypt .
At the outbreak of World War II , shortly after his parents ' death in a house fire , he migrates to Australia as a refugee , settling in Spotswood , Victoria , and changing his name to Harvie Krumpet .
De Stem des Bloeds ( The Voice of Blood ) , also known as Njai Siti , is a 1930 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
STV Sports Centre was a Scottish regional sports stand , covering the two STV franchise areas of Northern and Central Scotland .
Le Sang noir was made into a TV film in 2006 , directed by Peter Kassovitz and produced by BFC productions ( Françoise Castro ) and France 3 .
Teka Mona ! is a sketch comedy television show in the Philippines that airs every Saturday evenings on ABC .
Fat Tony & Co. has been marketed as a sequel to the first series of Underbelly , however due to changes in funding with Screen Australia it was not branded as an Underbelly series .
Mantralaya Mahatme ( Kannada : ಮಂತ್ರಾಲಯ ಮಹಾತ್ಮೆ ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur , based on Sri Raghavendra Vijaya written by Rajaguru Rajacharya , and stars Rajkumar in the role of Raghavendra Swami , a Hindu saint who lived in the 17th century India .
The Times of India gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars , and concluded that Velayudham is sure to add to his box - office muscle .
Boquerones en vinagre are a type of appetizer or tapa , meze found in Spain .
Choking Hazard is a 2004 Czech Republic comedy - horror film by Marek Dobeš .
Pixel Pinkie is an Australian / Canadian and British animated television series produced and created by Blue Rocket Productions in association with the Nine Network and principally funded by The Film Finance Corporation Australia .
Pets Win Prizes was a game show , produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation and shown on Saturday nights on BBC 1 in the United Kingdom from 16 July 1994 to 3 August 1996 .
Heidi is a girl who has been raised by her aunt Detie in Maienfeld , Switzerland after the early deaths of her parents , Tobias and Adelheid ( Detie 's sister and brother - in - law ) .
Filming for High Road to China took place in Yugoslavia with a crew of 231 ( 145 Yugoslavs , 60 British , 15 Italians , 10 Americans , and one Frenchman ) .
Walking with Dinosaurs is a six - part documentary television miniseries that was produced by the BBC , narrated by Kenneth Branagh , and first aired in the United Kingdom , in 1999 .
Four somewhat drunk American soldiers leave a bar ( where `` Town Without Pity '' is playing on the jukebox ) in occupied Germany after World War II . Meanwhile , sixteen - year - old Karin Steinhof ( Christine Kaufmann ) has a quarrel with her 19-year - old boyfriend , Frank Borgmann , in the countryside .
All the performers in Silent Light are Mennonites from communities in Mexico , Germany and Canada .
This Is Roller Derby is a 2011 Australian documentary by Daniel Hayward and features members from roller derby associations from Australia and the United States , primarily the Ballarat Roller Derby League .
In Italy in the Sixties , a gang of American thieves arrive in Naples to steal the famous Treasure of San Gennaro .
Kathapurushan is a journey exploring the recent history of the state of Kerala in India .
Rappelkiste ( 1973 - -1984 ) was a progressive pedagogic television series for children in Germany .
In January 1995 , The Cloud Door was screened once for the public at the International Film Festival of India as part of the Erotic Tales program .
Sister Wife is a 2000 documentary that follows the Hebrew Israelites , an African American community that immigrated to Israel and practices polygyny .
Linongot is a traditional dessert for the Kadazan - Dusun in the states of Sabah , Malaysia .
It tells of a young French man who falls for a fisherman 's granddaughter -- the titular Graziella -- during a trip to Naples , Italy ; they are separated when he must return to France , and she soon dies .
Bruttiboni , also known as Mandorlati di San Clemente and Brutti ma buoni , is a type of almond - flavoured biscuit made in Prato , central Italy .
Idol stjörnuleit ( English : Idol Starsearch ) is Iceland 's version of the British reality series Pop Idol .
Becky and Barnaby Bear is a live action television series on United Kingdom TV ( CBeebies ) for children between the ages of 0 and 5 , starring Barnaby Bear and his friend Becky .
Nynne was the fourth - most seen film total in theaters in Denmark in 2005 , with 429,301 tickets sold .
Wide Awake Club ( often abbreviated to WAC ) was a children 's television series broadcast in the United Kingdom on the breakfast television channel TV - am between 1984 and 1989 .
The Man Who Watched Trains Go By ( 1952 ) is a crime drama film , released in the United Kingdom with an all - European cast , including Claude Rains in the lead role .
Der Herr der Liebe ( English : The Master of Love ) is a 1919 silent film directed in Germany by Fritz Lang .
Kris Mataram is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies that was directed by Njoo Cheong Seng and starred Fifi Young and Omar Rodriga as two lovers divided by class .
OMV Petrom S.A. is a Romanian integrated oil company , the largest corporation in Romania and the largest oil and gas producer in Southeast Europe .
Sanuki udon ( 讃岐うどん ) is a type of udon noodle most popular in the Shikoku region , but is now easily found throughout the neighboring Kansai region and much of Japan .
Bongga ! ( English : Extravagant ! ) is a now - defunct regional variety show in the Philippines that aired every Sundays before `` SOP '' over GMA Iloilo and GMA Bacolod .
Pira caldo is a fish soup that is part of the traditional cuisine of Paraguay .
De Dana Dan collected Rs . 530 million in its opening weekend in India , thus making it the tenth biggest opening weekend of all time at the time of its release .
Max & Co is a 2007 stop - motion animated feature film released in Belgium , France , and Switzerland in February 2008 .
Chunauti was a hit television series in India in the 1980s .
Summer City also known as Coast of Terror is a 1977 Australian surfer film , filmed in Newcastle , Australia .
The Model 1968 Recoilless Gun is a 105-mm antitank weapon developed and employed by Argentina .
Brick Slaves ( Chinese : 樓奴 ; Jyutping : Lau4 Nou4 ; literally `` Flat Slave '' ) is a 2015 Hong Kong romantic - comedy television drama created and produced by TVB , starring Vincent Wong , Selena Li , Evergreen Mak , Eliza Sam and Kiki Sheung as the main cast .
On October 28 , 2012 , the first public performance of Infruset was celebrated as cinema event with broadcasts in cinemas and theaters in Sweden , Germany and Switzerland .
The Omroepvereniging VARA ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɔmrupfəˌreːnəɣɪŋ ˈvaːraː ) ) , the VARA Broadcasting Association , is a Dutch public broadcasting association that operates within the framework of the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system .
Manal Naharam explores the lives and predicaments experienced by people who go from India to the Arab countries for better dream and fortunes , leaving behind their trusted kith and kin .
Zuger Kirschtorte ( en : cherry torte from Zug ) is a layer cake from Switzerland that consists of layers of nut - meringue , sponge cake and butter cream , and is flavoured with kirschwasser ( cherry brandy ) .
Pornmaking for Dummies was given a limited release in South Korea from 15 November 2007 , and received a total of 498 admissions from seven screens nationwide .
Flamenco at 5:15 ( French : Flamenco à 5 h 15 ) is a 1983 short documentary film directed by Cynthia Scott , taking audiences inside a flamenco dance class at the National Ballet School of Canada .
The Beretta Px4 Storm is a semi - automatic pistol manufactured by Beretta of Italy and intended for personal defense and law enforcement use .
Malcolm in the Middle is an American sitcom created by Linwood Boomer for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
Benvolio is a fictional character in William Shakespeare 's drama Romeo and Juliet .
The Heller Altar was an oil on panel triptych by German Renaissance artists Albrecht Dürer and Matthias Grünewald , executed between 1507 and 1509 .
Undeclared is an American sitcom created by Judd Apatow , which aired on Fox during the 2001 - -02 season .
The Gleaners ( Des glaneuses ) is an oil painting by Jean - François Millet completed in 1857 .
The Vision of the Cross is a painting made between 1520 and 1524 by assistants of the Italian renaissance artist Raphael .
You 're Not Elected , Charlie Brown is the eighth prime - time animated TV special produced based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz , and the 10th one to air .
It 's Arbor Day , Charlie Brown is the 15th prime - time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
Magistrates of Brussels was a 1634 - 5 oil painting by Anthony van Dyck .
Raistlin Majere is a fictional character from the Dragonlance series of books created by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman .
Tom Beim ( born 11 December 1975 in Frimley , England ) is a former rugby union footballer , who played on the wing for Sale , Gloucester , Viadana , Pertemps Bees , the Barbarians and England .
Sandra Novack ( born 1972 ) is an American writer of a novel and short stories .
Lawrence Dutton ( born 9 May 1954 ) is an American violist , and a member of the Emerson String Quartet .
Vlado Glođović ( Serbian : Владо Глођовић ; born 8 November 1976 ) is a Serbian international referee who refereed at 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers .
Hōjō Ujinao ( 北条 氏直 : 1562 -- December 19 , 1591 ) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Sengoku period , and the final head of the Late Hōjō clan .
Ruzaini Zainal ( 10 May 1988 ) is a professional footballer who plays for S.League club Hougang United .
Fahim bin Sultan Al Qasimi ( Arabic : فاهم بن سلطان القاسمي ; born 1948 ) is an Emirati lawyer , diplomat , politician and businessman .
Daniel Dumas ( born 17 February 1983 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league player who last played for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League .
Mark Vaughan ( born 11 October 1985 in Dublin ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Dublin .
Andrew Van Vranken Raymond ( 8 August 1854 -- 5 April 1918 ) was an American minister , educator and author ; raised in the Dutch Reformed Faith in upstate New York .
William Capon ( 1480 - -1550 ) was an English churchman and scholar .
Adil Nurmemet ( born February 1968 ) is a former Chinese politician of Uighur ethnicity .
Ashok Sinha ( born 8 November 1964 ) is a British environmental campaigner .
Tim Goss ( Born 28 February 1963 ) , is a British motor racing engineer , the current technical director of the McLaren Honda Formula One team .
Jorrit Bergsma ( born 1 February 1986 ) is a Dutch speed skater and marathonskater .
Shalom Hacohen or Ha - Cohen ( 1772 - 1845 ) was a Hebrew dramatist and poet .
Ben Varon ( born 18 November 1983 ) is a Finnish guitarist and music maker .
Grace Ekpiwhre was born on 4 January 1949 in the village of Ikweghwu in Agharho , in the Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State .
Michael B. Leavitt ( 1843 - -1935 ) was an American theater entrepreneur , manager , and producer .
Bernard Doherty ( born 3 October 1949 , Chelmsford , Essex , UK ) is a Public Relations executive in the Music Industry .
John Henry Tudhope ( 17 April 1891 - 12 October 1956 ) was a South African flying ace credited with 10 victories in World War I. After the war , Tudhope emigrated to Canada and joined the RCAF .
Mangamuni Gamini Silva ( born 19 December 1960 ) is a Sri Lankan first - class cricketer and Test cricket umpire .
Shi Zongyuan ( Chinese : 石宗源 ; pinyin : Shí Zōngyuán ; July 1946 ; Baoding , Hebei -- March 28 , 2013 ; Beijing ) , ethnic Hui , was a politician of the People 's Republic of China , and former secretary of CPC Guizhou committee and chairman of Guizhou people 's congress .
Alison Wright ( born 12 July 1976 ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Martha Hanson on The Americans .
Noel Rawsthorne ( born 24 December 1929 ) is a British organist and composer , who was a pupil of Germani in Italy and Harold Dawber at the Royal Manchester College .
Boima Karpeh ( born 16 June 1984 ) , also known as Jerry Karpeh , is a Liberian - Australian professional footballer who last played for South China in the Hong Kong Premier League .
Zhenis Kakenuly Nurlybayev ( Kazakh : Жеңіс Кәкенұлы Нұрлыбаев , born 9 May 1965 ) is a Kazakh painter , art critic and author of the сulture support Year emblem in Kazakhstan ( 2000 ) , laureate of The presidential grant of The Republic of Kazakhstan ( 2010 ) .
Luigi Ferrari Bravo ( 5 August 1933 -- 8 February 2016 ) was an Italian professor and legal expert who served as judge for the International Court of Justice in the 1990s .
Naha Mint Mouknass ( Arabic : الناهة بنت مكناس‎ ; born 1969 ) is a Mauritanian politician , and the former Mauritanian Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation , serving in this capacity between 2009 and 2011 .
Saleh Barakat ( born in 1969 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese art expert , gallery owner and curator .
Luo Senwen ( simplified Chinese : 罗森文 ; traditional Chinese : 羅森文 ; pinyin : Luó Sēnwén ; born 16 January 1993 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hebei China Fortune in the Chinese Super League .
Jean Moorcroft Wilson ( born 3 October 1941 ) is a British academic and writer , best known as a biographer and critic of First World War poets and poetry .
Raj Ghatak ( born July 1973 ) is an Indian - born English actor of Bengali Hindu origin .
Konstantinos Botasis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Μπότασης , born 1890 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek Olympic fencer .
Lin Tin Kyaw ( born 1996 ) is a Burmese swimmer .
Kishore Kumar ( 4 August 1929 -- 13 October 1987 ) was an Indian film playback singer , actor , lyricist , composer , producer , director , and screenwriter .
Tinì Cansino , stage name of Photina Lappa ( born 23 September 1959 ) , is a Greek actress and television personality , mainly active in Italy .
Thomas Muffet ( also Moufet , Mouffet , or Moffet ) ( 1553 -- 5 June 1604 ) was an English naturalist and physician .
Illya Rylinski ( Belarusian : Ілля Рылінскі ; Russian : Илья Рылинский ; born 16 February 1984 ) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer .
Đinh La Thăng ( 10 April 1960 ) is a Vietnamese politician who is the Secretary of the Ho Chi Minh city Party Committee , a post he has held since 8 August 2011 .
The Most Reverend Edward Doorly born in County Roscommon on 23 Nov 1868 , died 5 Apr 1950 , was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1926 to 1950 .
Zheng Guogu ( Chinese : 郑国谷 , born 1970 ) is an artist based in Yangjiang in the Guangdong province of China .
Sharion Aycock ( born 1955 ) is currently the Chief United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi .
Yousry Nasrallah ( Arabic : يسرى نصر الله‎ pronounced ( ˈjosɾi nɑsˤˈɾɑllɑ ) ) ( born 1952 ) is an Egyptian film director .
Corey Hughes ( born 17 February 1978 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Su Cruickshank ( born Susan Cruickshank ; 31 August 1946 -- 8 December 2009 ) was an Australian jazz singer , actress and writer .
Hans - Jürgen Stefan Schwarz ( born 18 April 1969 ) , known as Stefan Schwarz , is a Swedish football manager and a retired footballer who played as a midfielder from 1987 until 2003 , notably playing in the top flight of a number of European clubs .
Pierre Gouthière ( 1732 - -1813 ) was a French metal worker .
Avinash Vyas was born in the Indian state of Gujarat on 21 July 1912 and had his initial music training under Ustad Allauddin Khan .
Gerald Myers ( born August 5 , 1936 ) is an American former college basketball coach .
Larry Estridge ( born 17 June 1902 , St. Kitts , British West Indies ) was a middleweight boxer and the last holder of the World Colored Middleweight Championship .
Major General Sergei Ivanovich Tiulpanov Сергей Иванович Тюльпанов ( 3 October 1901 - 16 February 1987 ) was the director of the Propaganda Administration of the Soviet Military Administration in Germany which governed eastern Germany from 1945 - 1949 .
Richard Dresser ( born c. 1951 ) is a popular American playwright and screenwriter , whose work has been widely performed in theatres across the United States , as well as in Europe .
John Akomfrah , OBE ( born 4 May 1957 ) is an English artist , writer , film director , screenwriter , theorist and curator whose `` commitment to a radicalism both of politics and of cinematic form finds expression in all his films '' .
František Zvarík ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈfranciʃeɡ ˈzʋariːk ) ; 17 July 1921 -- 17 August 2008 ) was an accomplished theater actor ( over 50 years in Slovak National Theatre ) and movie character actor .
Mohamed Nazeeh ( born on 15 June 1975 ) is a Maldivian football coach , and former player .
Francis Mairs Huntington Wilson ( 1875 - 1946 ) was a United States diplomat and author who served as United States Assistant Secretary of State from 1909 to 1913 .
Penelope Tree ( born 2 December 1949 ) is an English former fashion model prominent in swinging sixties London .
Ketki Dave ( née : Joshi on 13 August 1960 ) is an Indian actress .
Youssouf Hiss Bachir ( born 1987 ) is a Djiboutian middle - distance runner .
Mario Robbe ( born 23 August 1973 in Tilburg ) is a Dutch darts player currently playing in British Darts Organisation events .
Ivy Meeropol ( born 1968 ) is the director and producer of the 2004 documentary Heir to an Execution .
Francisco Javier Quintanilla ( 1833- ? ) was a Chilean priest .
Henry Bracken , M.D. ( 1697 - -1764 ) , was a writer on farriery .
Adrian Blair ( 21 December 1943 ) is an Indigenous Australian boxer who competed at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics in the lightweight division .
Brigadier General Ali - Reza Asgari ( 1 November 1952 ) was an Iranian general of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , deputy defense minister , and cabinet member of Iranian President Mohammad Khatami .
Inge Hornstra ( born 21 May 1974 ) is a Dutch - born Australian television and stage actress .
Gladys Wamuyu Wachiuri ( born 23 December 1972 ) is a retired Kenyan middle - distance runner competing primarily in the 800 metres .
Rebecca Anne Flint ( born 5 June 1995 ) , better known by her stage name Beckii Cruel , is a British pop dancer and singer from England .
Antoine Saout ( born 26 June 1984 ) is a French professional poker player who made the November Nine in the 2009 World Series of Poker finishing 3rd .
George Szamuely ( born 1954 ) is a Senior Research Fellow at the Global Policy Institute of London Metropolitan University .
Chris Grabiec ( born Krzysztof Pawel Grabiec , 1975 in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada ) is a British trance music producer , songwriter and DJ based in London United Kingdom .
Otto Salzer ( 4 April 1874 - 7 January 1944 ) was a German racing car driver , famous for his contributions to the success of Daimler - Motoren - Gesellschaft in Untertürkheim near Stuttgart , where he became team leader in 1903 , previously having worked as an engineer since 1896 .
Sydney Barber Josiah Skertchly ( 14 December 1850 -- 2 February 1926 ) was an English and later Australian botanist and geologist .
Isabel of Barcelos ( October 1402 -- 26 October 1466 ) , also known as Isabel of Braganza ( her father was originally the Count of Barcelos before becoming Duke of Braganza ) .
Radhika Apte ( born 7 September 1985 ) is an Indian film and stage actress .
Adam Boland ( born 1977 ) is an Australian television producer and director .
Joan Lascorz Moreno ( born 27 February 1985 ) is a former Spanish motorcycle racer .
Chris York ( born 27 December 1989 in Epsom ) is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership .
David Hatcher Childress ( born 1957 ) is an American author , and the owner of Adventures Unlimited Press , a publishing house established in 1984 specializing in books on unusual topics such as ancient mysteries , unexplained phenomena , alternative history and historical revisionism .
Susan Howson ( born in 1973 ) is a former British mathematician whose research was in the fields of algebraic number theory and arithmetic geometry .
John Edward Stead FRS ( 11 October 1851 -- 31 October 1923 ) was a British metallurgist , elected to the Royal Society in 1903 .
John de Warenne , 6th Earl of Surrey ( 1231 -- c. 29 September 1304 ) was a prominent English nobleman and military commander during the reigns of Henry III of England and Edward I of England .
Yuan Guiren ( born 1950 in Guzhen County , Anhui ) is a Chinese academic and politician .
Walter Ledgard ( 1919 -- March 8 , 1999 ) was a Peruvian swimmer .
Antonella Bellutti ( born 7 November 1968 ) is an Italian racing cyclist and two - time Olympic champion in track cycling .
Erkan Mustafa ( born 14 May 1970 ) is a British actor and television presenter of Turkish Cypriot descent , most noted for the part of Roland Browning in Grange Hill ( BBC 1982 - -1987 ) .
Pinchas Sapir ( Hebrew : פנחס ספיר‎ , born Pinchas Kozlowski 15 October 1906 -- 12 August 1975 ) was an Israeli politician during the first three decades following the country 's founding .
Davide Cali ( born 1972 ) is a Swiss - born Italian writer of picture books and graphic novels , primarily for children and young adults .
O. Madhavan ( 1922 -- 19 August 2005 ) was an Indian theatre director and actor .
Gareth Clough ( born 23 May 1978 , Leeds , Yorkshire , England ) is an English first - class cricketer .
Tim Verfaillie ( Brugge , 14 January 1893 -- Rochefort , 1934 ) was Belgian painter who was one of the smaller figures of Flemish expressionism .
Lucius Levy Solomons ( born 1730 in England -- d. May 18 , 1792 at Montreal ) was a Jewish Canadian merchant and fur trader .
Jarrod Kimber ( born 7 January 1980 ) is a cricket writer who came to prominence as the founder of the cricketwithballs blog .
Abraham Tokazier ( born 29 September 1909 in Helsinki , died 7 April 1976 in Stockholm ) was a Finnish sprinter with Jewish descent .
Milissa Rehberger ( born , May 7 , 1971 ) is an American television journalist .
Mohammad Jalal Abbasi - Shavazi ( born 23 August 1965 ) is an Iranian demographer and the president of Asian Population Association .
Francesco Danieli ( 1981 in Lecce ) is an Italian historian and iconologist .
Nicolas Perrin ( born 1959 ) is CEO of SBB Cargo since January 2008 .
Chhim Sothy ( born 1969 , Kandal Province ) is an acclaimed Cambodian painter and sculptor noted for his ability in a diverse number of artistic techniques and mediums .
Siobhán Hoey ( born 17 July 1970 ) is an Irish sportswoman from Portarlington , County Laois .
Snehal Bhatkar was born on 17 July 1919 in Mumbai in a Marathi - speaking family .
Dea Birkett ( born 1958 ) is a British writer , journalist , broadcaster and a former circus performer .
Shea Holbrook ( born 1990 ) is an American professional race car driver and entrepreneur .
Joe Duffey ( born 22 June 1982 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays hooker for Nottingham RFC .
Vince Sinisi ( born 7 November 1981 ) is an Italian former baseball player .
Gretel Tippett ( born 3 July 1993 ) is an Australian netball player and former WNBL basketball player .
Ibrahima Kassory Fofana ( born 1954 or 1955 ) is a Guinean politician .
Thomas Mitchell Morris ( 16 June 1821 -- 24 May 1908 ) , otherwise known as Old Tom Morris , was a Scottish golfer .
Fu Zhongwen ( 1903 - -1994 ) was a respected t'ai chi ch'uan teacher and author from China .
James Townsend Oswald ( 23 February 1748 -- 3 January 1814 ) was a Scottish politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1768 and 1779 .
Leo Galland , MD ( born 1943 ) is an internist and author of popular medical books including Superimmunity for Kids ( 1989 ) , The Four Pillars of Healing ( 1997 ) , Power Healing ( 1998 ) and The Fat Resistance Diet ( 2006 ) .
Dmitri Bruns ( born 11 January 1929 ) , is an Estonian architect and architecture theorist .
Carmen Souza ( born 1981 ) is a Portuguese - born singer and songwriter of Cape Verdean heritage .
David Trullo is a Spanish visual artist born in Madrid in 1969 .
Indrek Zelinski ( born 13 November 1974 ) is an Estonian football manager and former professional football player .
Walter B. Hargreaves ( 1907 - -1998 ) , also known by the affectionate nickname of ' The Wee Professor ' , was a legendary conductor for brass bands .
Yang Wenqin ( simplified Chinese : 杨文琴 ; traditional Chinese : 楊文琴 ; pinyin : Yáng Wénqín ; born April 30 , 1960 in Shanghai ) is a retired Chinese high jumper .
Jothi Venkatachalam ( Tamil : ஜோதி வெங்கடாசலம் ) ( born 27 October 1917 , Rangoon ) was an Indian politician and a former Governor of Kerala and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
Robert G. Picard ( born 1951 ) is an American writer and scholar .
Ariel Martínez ( born 9 May 1986 ) is a Cuban footballer , who currently plays as a striker for American club Charleston Battery .
Ferenc Nemeth ( born 1976 ) is a Hungarian jazz drummer , and composer .
Melissa Porter ( born 18 December 1972 ) is an English television presenter , best known for her BBC programmes To Buy or Not to Buy and Escape to the Country .
Bethlehem Tilahun Alemu ( born 1980 ) is an Ethiopian businesswoman , founder and executive director of soleRebels , Africa 's fastest growing footwear company .
Fabian Friedrich ( born 1980 ) is a German swimmer who won one silver and two gold medals at European Short Course Swimming Championships in 2003 and 2004 .
Richard Goodman Jones ( born 20 January 1920 ) was a Welsh poet , better known as Dic Goodman .
Elizabeth A. T. Smith ( born 1958 ) is an American art historian , museum curator , writer , and presently the executive director of the Helen Frankenthaler Foundation .
Hubert Zimmermann ( 1941 -- November 9 , 2012 ) was a French software engineer and a pioneer of computer networking .
Piotr Zajlich ( 26 June 1884 in Warsaw -- 18 April 1948 in Piaseczno ) , pseudonym Szuwałow , was a Polish dancer and choreographer .
Jocelyn Gill ( 1916 - -April 26 , 1984 ) was an American astronomer who worked for NASA .
Martin Wyldeck ( 11 January 1914 -- 29 April 1988 ) was a British actor who played a wide range of parts over many years on stage , screen and TV .
Ahmad Ghanizadeh ( Persian : احمد غنی زاده ) ( born 21 December 1961 ) is a Norwegian - Iranian politician for the Socialist Left Party .
Peter Wadhams ScD ( born 14 May 1948 ) , is professor of Ocean Physics , and Head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group in the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics , University of Cambridge .
Malcolm Root FGRA ( born 1950 ) is a British artist who concentrates on classic transport subjects .
Anna Shuttleworth was born in Bournemouth on 2 May 1927 , the only child of a retired Indian Civil Service father and a Polish - Irish mother .
James Gogarty was born in the town of Knobber County Meath , in Ireland on March 23 , 1890 .
Netta Aloni ( Hebrew : נטע אלוני ; born 1945 ) is a contemporary Israeli composer who composes for vocal and instrumental ensembles .
Rob Smedley ( born 28 November 1973 in Normanby , Middlesbrough , England ) is the Head of Vehicle Performance at the Williams Martini Racing Formula One team .
Robbi Weldon ( born 6 September 1975 ) is a Canadian Para - Nordic skiing and Para - cycling athlete who has competed in the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics .
William Jay Bolton ( 31 August 1816 -- 28 May 1884 ) was the first artist in the United States to design and manufacture figural stained glass windows .
Govind Armstrong ( born 1969 ) is an American chef who specializes in California Cuisine .
Elias Breeskin ( Russian : Элиас Бреескин ; Ukrainian : Еліас Бреескін ; 1896 -- May 9 , 1969 ) was a violinist , composer and conductor .
William Compston FAA , FRS ( born 19 February 1931 ) is an Australian geophysicist .
Shaheen Mistri ( born 16 March 1971 ) is an Indian social activist and educator .
Manuel Rebollo García ( born 2 July 1945 ) is a Spanish Navy admiral .
Jin Jingdao ( Chinese : 金敬道 ; pinyin : Jīn Jìngdào ; Hangul : 김경도 ; born 18 January 1992 ) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
Peter McGinnity ( born October 1953 ) , is a former Gaelic footballer and manager who hails from Roslea in County Fermanagh .
William Nicholls ( 1664 - -1712 ) was an English clergyman and theologian , known as an author on the Book of Common Prayer .
Brahim Zaari ( Arabic : إبراهيم زعري‎ ; born 12 October 1989 in Schaijk ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Raja Casablanca .
Lisa Sounio ( born 1970 ) is a past CEO and chairperson of social networking site Dopplr .
Valentyna Kozyr ( Ukrainian : Валентина Козир ) ( born 25 April 1950 ) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the High Jump .
According to the Library of Virginia `` William Selden was born 31 January 1791 in Henrico County , Virginia , to Miles Selden ( 1752 - 1811 ) and Elizabeth Armistead Selden ( 1752 - 1833 ) .
Nic Fiddian - Green ( born 1963 ) is a British sculptor , who specialises is making lifelike models of horses heads , both smaller and larger than life - sized .
Patrick Rylands ( Hull,1943 ) is an English designer .
Jay Denny ( born 6 January 1986 ) is a footballer who plays for Halesowen Town .
David Whitney ( 1939 -- June 12 , 2005 ) was an American art curator , collector , gallerist and critic .
Marisa Masullo ( born 8 May 1959 ) is a former Italian athlete , who mainly competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
Josh Drummond ( born 19 April 1983 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League who is currently serving as the defensive coach of the North Melbourne Football Club .
Claude H. Nash ( born 1943 ) was CEO of Bloodstone Ventures plc . from 2007 to 2010 .
Alice Harnoncourt ( née Hoffelner ; born 26 September 1930 ) is an Austrian classical violinist .
Laura Geller ( born 1950 ) is an American rabbi .
John Currin ( born 1962 ) is an American painter based in New York City .
Jake Tilson ( born 14 February 1958 in London ) is an English artist , graphic designer , writer and publisher .
Nigel Winterburn ( born 11 December 1963 ) is an English former professional footballer and current football television pundit who played as a left back from 1981 to 2003 .
James Gareth Endicott ( 1898 - -1993 ) was a Canadian clergyman , Christian missionary and socialist .
Darrell Hiles ( 10 January 1969 ) is an Indigenous Australian boxer who competed at the 1988 Seoul Olympics in the featherweight division .
Prince Davit Guramishvili ( Georgian : დავით გურამიშვილი ) ( 1705 -- July 21 , 1792 ) was a Georgian poet who wrote the finest pieces of pre - Romantic Georgian literature .
Ibtisam al - Mutawakkil ( born 1970 ) is a Yemeni poet born in Sana'a .
John Russell Fearn ( 1908 - -1960 ) was a British author and one of the first British writers to appear in American pulp science fiction magazines .
Barış Başdaş ( born 17 January 1990 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a center back for Göztepe SK .
Qiao Qiao ( Chinese : 乔乔 ; pinyin : Qiáo Qiáo ; born c. 1980 ) is a Chinese singer .
Li Lanqing ( simplified Chinese : 李岚清 ; traditional Chinese : 李嵐清 ; pinyin : Lǐ Lánqīng ; born May 1932 ) is a retired Chinese politician , best known for his term as Vice Premier of the State Council between 1998 and 2003 , and a member of the Politburo Standing Committee between 1997 and 2002 .
Tempa Tsering ( Tibetan : བསྟན་པ་ཚེ་རིང་ , Wylie : Bstan - pa Tse - ring ; born 15 May 1950 in Tibet ) is the Representative of 14th Dalai Lama in New Delhi and member of the Tibetan Government in Exile .
Jean de Montreuil ( 1354 , Monthureux - le - Sec -- 29 May 1418 , Paris ) was a French scholar of the late 14th and early 15th century and a friend of Laurent de Premierfait .
Ahmad Amir Kamdar ( Persian : احمد امیرکامدار‎‎ , born 5 January 1989 ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Zob Ahan
Ivan Delić ( Cyrillic : Ивaн Дeлић , born 15 February 1986 ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Mladost Velika Obarska .
Patrik Fredriksson ( born 16 May 1973 ) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden . He stopped playing professional 2001 and in 2002 became the Davis Cup coach and head coach for the national team in Kuwait .
Gad Barzilai ( born 1958 ) is a full professor of law , political science and international studies , famous for his work on the politics of law , comparative law and politics , human rights and communities .
Archibald Button ( born 1770 in West Thurrock , Essex ) was an English amateur cricketer who made two known appearances in major cricket matches from 1798 to 1804 .
Gustavo Herrera Grau ( Caracas , 12 April 1890 - Caracas , 1 February 1953 ) , was a Venezuelan lawyer and diplomat .
Pauline Stainer ( born 1941 ) is an acclaimed English poet .
Kola Ogunkoya ( born 20 August 1967 ) is a Nigerian afrobeat musician who uses the term `` Afro Gbedu '' to describe his style of music , which includes jazz , highlife , Jùjú , funk and traditional Yoruba music .
Ken Greenwood ( born 15 December 1941 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Brit Solli ( born 1959 ) is a Norwegian archaeologist and Professor of Medieval archaeology at the Museum of Cultural History in Oslo .
Ed Phillips ( born 6 July 1966 ) is a Sydney - based television and radio presenter .
Nicolas Limbach ( born 29 December 1985 ) is a German fencer , world champion in 2009 and team world champion in 2014 .
Julien Bentley Royer ( born 1955 ) is a Dominican politician in the Dominica Labour Party and a former schoolteacher .
Hans - Joachim Frey , ( 10 June 1965 in Gehrden , Lower Saxony ) is a German cultural manager .
Anastasia Karakatsani ( Greek : Αναστασία Καρακατσάνη ; born 10 January 1992 ) is a Greek long - distance runner who competes in the 5000 metres and the 10000 metres .
Jorn Barger ( /ˈbɑːrɡər/ ; born 1953 ) is an American blogger , best known as editor of Robot Wisdom , an influential early weblog .
Teddy Partridge ( 13 February 1891 -- June 1970 ) was an English football player .
Ali Viola ( born in 1976 ) is an American , former collegiate All - American , right - handed hitting softball player at shortstop , originally from Novato , California .
Mária Lebstück ( 15 August 1831 -- 30 May 1892 ) , was a Hussar officer during the Hungarian War of Independence of 1848 and 1849 under the name Károly Lebstück .
Johann Martin Steindorff ( born 18 March 1663 in Teutleben , Thuringia ; d. 3 May 1744 in Zwickau , Saxony ) was a Baroque musician who served as Kantor at Zwickau .
Guy Adams ( born 6 January 1976 ) is an English author , comedian , and actor , possibly best known for the novel The World House .
Mary Buckland , née Morland ( born Abingdon 1797 , died 1857 ) , was a British palaeontologist , marine biologist and scientific illustrator .
Graham Geraghty ( born 17 May 1973 ) , is a former Gaelic football player for the Meath senior football team .
Jörg Ohm ( born 14 March 1944 ) is a former East German football player who played in the DDR - Oberliga for both Chemie Leipzig and 1 .
Peter P. Straub ( born 28 June 1850 in Felldorf Starzach , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) is the founder of the Straub Brewery in St. Mary 's , Pennsylvania .
Mar Thomas Chakiath ( born 10 September 1937 ) is a retired Syro Malabar Catholic Bishop .
General Claudio Graziano ( born 22 November 1953 ) is a former Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) , serving in the position between 2007 and 2010 .
Arnold Lucien Montandon ( 1852 -- 1922 ) was an French entomologist who worked in the Grigore Antipa National Museum of Natural History in Bucharest , Romania .
Pril Smiley ( born 19 March 1943 ) is an American composer and pioneer of electronic music .
Janet Chisholm ( 7 May 1929 -- 23 July 2004 ) , born Janet Anne Deane , was a British MI6 agent during the Cold War .
Samantha Siddall ( born 23 January 1982 ) is an English actress , best known for playing Mandy Maguire in Shameless from 2004 - -2009 , a role she briefly reprised for an episode in 2011 .
Allistair Pickett ( born 4 August 1973 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Subiaco in the WAFL .
Hans - Peter Zaugg , ( born 2 December 1952 ) , is a former Swiss footballer and the current manager of Biel - Bienne .
Gorica Aćimović ( born 28 February 1985 in Banja Luka ) is an Austrian handballer who currently plays for Hypo Niederösterreich .
Ray Norman ( 1889 - -1971 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach .
Tôn Thất Hải ( 16 July 1935 ) is a Vietnamese fencer .
Lourdes Santiago Torres Leon Guerrero ( 9 November 1923 , Merizo - 25 February 2010 ) was a teacher in Guam .
Peg Norman ( born 1964 in Gambo , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian documentary filmmaker , best known for her role in the film My Left Breast , which documented her partner Gerry Rogers ' battle with breast cancer .
Marcos Paulo dos Santos or simply known as Marko dos Santos ( born 18 May 1981 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Ayia Napa .
Dave Swift ( born 11 January 1964 ) is a British bassist .
Jacobo Penzo ( 1948 in Carora ) , is a Venezuelan filmmaker , best known for his drama piece The House of Water , shown in the Directors ' Fortnight section of the Cannes Film Festival in 1984 .
John Adeleye ( born 1980 ) is a British singer from West London , who first became known in the music industry under his stage name J'Nay .
Domnic Joseph Muthuswami ( born 9 March 1981 ) is an Indian cricketer of Tamil descent who plays for Maharashtra cricket team in domestic cricket and Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League .
Jiang Liyin ( Chinese : 江礼银 ; 1933 -- September 25 , 1993 ) is a Chinese Communist politician and revolutionary agitator , who was a prominent member of the Fujian provincial leadership during the Cultural Revolution .
Günther Hessler ( 14 June 1909 -- 4 April 1968 ) was a Kriegsmarine Fregattenkapitän during World War II . He commanded the Type IXB U - boat U-107 , sinking twenty - one ships on three patrols , totalling 118,822 GRT of Allied shipping , of which 86,699 GRT was sunk on one patrol alone .
Timothy H. O'Sullivan ( c. 1840 -- January 14 , 1882 ) was a photographer widely known for his work related to the American Civil War and the Western United States .
Vicky Vaughan ( born 1969 ) is a British businesswoman with interests in sustainability .
Anna Márton ( born 15 March 1995 ) is a Hungarian sabre fencer , junior European and World champion in 2014 , member of the Hungarian national team .
Pamela Franklin ( born 3 February 1950 ) is a British actress who appeared in feature films from 1961 until 1976 , and on American television throughout the 1970s .
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Echeverría ( born 9 January 1940 ) is a Costa Rican economist , lawyer , businessman and politician .
Abdulrahman Suleiman ( born 10 January 1984 ) is a Qatari middle - distance runner who specialises in both the 800 metres and 1500 metres .
John Millar Watt ( 14 October 1895 -- 13 December 1975 ) was a British painter , illustrator and comics artist who created the comic strip , Pop .
Peter Lindbäck ( born 14 June 1955 , Helsinki ) is the governor of the Åland Islands .
Agim Zajmi ( 28 November 1936 -- 3 November 2013 ) was an Albanian painter .
Archibald Haworth Brown CMG , FBA commonly known as Archie Brown ( born 10 May 1938 ) , is a British political scientist and historian .
John Pond FRS ( 1767 -- 7 September 1836 ) was a renowned English astronomer who became the sixth Astronomer Royal , serving from 1811 to 1835 .
Mladen Dolar ( born 29 January 1951 ) is a Slovene philosopher , cultural theorist , film critic and expert in psychoanalysis .
James Edward Jacob ( born 28 March 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Jakwob , is a British music producer and DJ .
Paul Methuen , 1st Baron Methuen ( 21 June 1779 -- 11 February 1849 ) , was a British Whig politician who was raised to the peerage in 1838 .
Nalamada Uttam Kumar Reddy ( Telugu : ఉత్తమ్ కుమార్ రెడ్డి ) ( born : 20 June 1962 ) is an Indian politician form Telangana State , he is present Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Huzurnagar constituency and he was Former Minister of Housing , Weaker Selection Housing Programme .
Goran Vincetić ( born 25 September 1975 ) is a retired Croatian football player and current manager of NK Zagreb .
Rod Reddy ( born 1 March 1954 in Rockhampton , Queensland ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach .
Beatriz Londoño Soto , M.D. ( born 1959 ) is the Ambassador of Colombia to Switzerland .
Thomas Voeckler ( French pronunciation : ​(tɔ.mɑ / tɔ.mɑs vœ.klɛʁ ) ; born 22 June 1979 ) is a French professional road racing cyclist who rides for the Team Europcar cycling team .
Marina Hyde ( born 13 May 1974 as Marina Elizabeth Catherine Dudley - Williams ) is an English columnist who writes three columns each week on current affairs , politics , celebrity and sport for The Guardian newspaper .
Kayode Soyinka ( Born Olukayode Adedeji Soyinka on 15 December 1957 ) is a Nigerian journalist , publisher , author and politician .
Nikos Psychogios ( Greek : Νίκος Ψυχογιός , born 25 February 1989 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Aris Thessaloniki in the Football League 2 .
Damien Thomas ( born 11 April 1942 ) is a British actor noted for his roles in British films and television , such as his role as Richard Mason in the 1983 BBC production of Jane Eyre .
Maru Daba ( born 12 December 1980 ) is a retired Ethiopian long - distance runner , who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
David van der Plas ( 1647 - -1704 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Gonzalo Méndez de Canço ( or `` de Cancio '' ) y Donlebún ( c. 1554 - March 31 , 1622 ) was a Spanish admiral who served as the seventh governor of the Spanish province of La Florida ( 1596 - 1603 ) .
He was born Jacob Stanley Arnold on 22 September 1903 , at Crown Point , Lake County , Indiana , of John Dawson and Mary ( Weis ) Arnold .
Abhishek Banerjee ( born 7 November 1987 ) is an Indian politician and a member of parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Diamond Harbour Lok Sabha constituency , West Bengal .
Mansour Al - Mansour ( 1941 -- November 9 , 2011 ) , Kuwaiti actor .
Charles - Michel Mesaiger ( 7 March 1689 -- 7 August 1766 ) was a French Jesuit priest who spent some time in missionary work in present day Canada .
Wolf Heinrich von Baudissin or Bauditz ( 1579 - -1646 ) was a distinguished Protestant German cavalry commander who rose to the rank of field marshal during the Thirty Years ' War .
Rafael Albuquerque ( born April 12 , 1981 ) is a Brazilian comic book creator primarily for his artwork on titles such as DC Comics ' Blue Beetle and as illustrator and co - creator of American Vampire .
Amalia Bakas ( born Mazaltov ( Mally ) Matsa 1897 - 1979 ) was a Greek singer and performer in the United States during the 20th century .
Bence Peter ( Hungarian : Péter Bence ; born 5 September 1991 ) is a Hungarian pianist , composer and sounddesigner .
Mao Daolin ( Chinese : 茅道林 ; Pinyin : Máo Dàolín ; born 1963 ) is an internet tycoon .
Henry Grew ( 1781 -- August 8 , 1862 ) was a Christian teacher and writer whose studies of the Bible led him to conclusions which were at odds with doctrines accepted by many of the mainstream churches of his time .
Ross Stephens ( born 28 May 1985 ) is a Welsh footballer who currently plays semi - professionally for Aberystwyth Town F.C. in the Welsh Premier League , having previously played professionally in the Football League for Shrewsbury Town .
Sir Noel Ashbridge ( 10 December 1889 -- 4 June 1975 ) was a British engineer who played a key role in the early technical development of the British Broadcasting Corporation .
Clive Dytor MC ( born 1956 ) is headmaster of The Oratory School , Woodcote , near Reading , Berkshire , England .
Eric Minh Swenson ( born 1971 ) is an American photographer , photojournalist and filmmaker , born in Honolulu , Hawaii , who focuses on Southern California artists and their art . Since 2011 he has created over 400 short films which document artists and their processes , as well as gallery and museum exhibitions .
Damir Lesjak ( born 31 March 1967 ) is a former Croatian footballer who played for Dinamo Zagreb , Israeli side Hapoel Haifa and Belgian club Mouscron .
Ken Ono ( born 20 March 1968 ) is a Japanese - American mathematician who specializes in number theory , especially in integer partitions , modular forms , and the fields of interest to Srinivasa Ramanujan .
Laci Endresz Jr. ( born 28 July 1974 ) is an English circus performer who performs as the circus clown Mooky the Clown .
Ola Skjølaas ( 18 September 1941 -- 7 July 2006 ) was a Norwegian veterinarian , civil servant and politician for the Labour Party .
Trevor Keogh ( born 26 July 1949 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League .
George Arthur Forrest ( born 1940 ) is a Belgian entrepreneur , owner of the Forrest Group ( Groupe Forrest ) , a group of companies founded in the Belgian Congo in 1922 and active in wind power and hydroelectric energy , construction , mines and metallurgy , biological food and aviation .
Richard Bornat ( born 1944 ) , is a British author and researcher in the field of computer science .
Mia Rose ( born Maria Antónia Teixeira Rosa ; 26 January 1988 ) is an English - born singer - songwriter of Portuguese descent , notable for her popularity on the video sharing website YouTube .
Simone Kues ( born 8 November 1976 ) is a German 1.0 point national wheelchair basketball player who plays in the wheelchair basketball league for Hamburg SV .
Emran Barakzai ( born 29 November 1994 ) is an Afghan - Dutch football player who plays for DVS'33 .
Murray Melvin ( born 10 August 1932 ) is an English stage and film actor noted for his work with Joan Littlewood , Ken Russell and Stanley Kubrick .
Willy Voet ( born July 4 , 1945 ) is a Belgian sports physiotherapist .
Oleksiy Shumsky ( Ukrainian : Олексій Шумський , also known as Alexei Shumski from Russian : Алексей Шумский ; born 3 October 1990 ) is a Ukrainian ice dancer .
Matthew Edgar ( born 28 August 1986 ) is an English professional darts player currently competing in Professional Darts Corporation along with regular appearances for Warwickshire County Darts in the English Premier League
Colin Hillman ( b. 4 May 1961 ; d. 2 July 2009 ) was a former Welsh rugby coach with the Wales National Sevens team .
Hamed Komeili ( Persian : حامد کمیلی‎‎ , born 5 July 1982 ) is an Iranian actor .
Hans Holzer ( 26 January 1920 -- 26 April 2009 ) was an American paranormal researcher and author .
Alastair Donaldson ( 27 April 1955 , in Edinburgh -- 18 June 2013 , in Edinburgh ) was a Scottish multi - instrumentalist , and was the bass guitar player for the Scottish punk / pop band The Rezillos , for whom he played under the stage name of William Mysterious .
Jesper Rönndahl ( born 27 June 1979 ) is a Swedish stand - up comedian and radio personality .
Paul Alexander Zino ( 9 February 1916 -- 3 March 2004 ) was a Portuguese ornithologist after whom Zino 's petrel ( Pterodroma madeira ) is named .
Soi Park ( 한국어 : 박소영 born 1977 ) is a South Korean artist working with large - format photography .
Julia Beth Hood - Fromm ( born 1979 ) is a beauty queen from Cleveland , Tennessee who has competed in the Miss USA and Miss America pageants .
Samuel D. Hunter ( born 1981 ) is an American playwright living in New York .
Nurit Koren ( Hebrew : נורית קורן‎ , born 24 February 1960 ) is an Israeli lawyer and politician .
Thomas B. Allen ( 1928 -- November 8 , 2004 ) was an American painter and illustrator known for a moody and expressionist style that pushed the boundaries of commercial art in the 1950s and 60s .
Pandi Laço ( Born 21 March 1964 in Korçë ) is an Albanian journalist , songwriter , presenter and scenarist .
Beth Chatto , OBE ( born 27 June 1923 ) , is a British plantswoman , garden designer and author best known for creating the Beth Chatto Gardens near Elmstead Market , in the English county of Essex .
Lois Collinder ( born 1941 ) is an Australian actress , best known for playing gangly inmate Alice `` Lurch '' Jenkins in the television series Prisoner .
Marcelo Villaça Casares ( born 14 December 1994 ) , simply known as Marcelo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CF Pobla de Mafumet mainly as a right back .
Yaniv Chichian ( born 15 August 1979 ) is a former Israeli footballer currently playing his trade at Hapoel Kfar Saba .
Air Commodore Sir Egbert Cadbury DSC , DFC ( 1893 - -1967 ) was a First World War pilot who shot down two Zeppelins over the North Sea :
Hajj Dr Mohamed Ali al - Nasiri ( born 1 July 1944 ) is an arabic journalist , author and academic based in the United Kingdom .
Cavan Clerkin ( born 28 November 1973 ) is a British television actor and writer .
Josiah Dent ( 1817 - -1899 ) was the third president of the Board of Commissioners of the District of Columbia , serving from 1879 to 1882 .
Henrik Ripa ( born 14 May 1968 ) is a Swedish politician ( Moderaterna ) and Member of the Swedish Parliament since 2010 .
Marija Šimanska was born on 23 April 1922 Daugavpils , Latvia to Polish parents .
Shen Jian ( Chinese : 沈劍 ; born 1975 ) is a Chinese gymnast .
Zhang Hanyun ( born 9 April 1989 ) , also known as Baby Zhang or Kristy Zhang , is a Chinese singer .
Karen Dunbar ( born 1 April 1971 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a comedian and entertainer .
Hong Ki - myung ( born 1959 ) , also known as Kim Hong , is a South Korean financier .
John G. Adams ( 23 March 1912 -- 26 June 2003 ) was the US Army 's counsel in the Army - McCarthy Hearings .
Paul Millett ( born 1954 ) is a British classicist and academic .
Linda Fabiani ( born 14 December 1956 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish politician , with Italian origins .
Néstor Meza ( 1913 - -1993 ) was a Chilean historian who received the National Prize for History in 1980 .
Sir George Burns , 1st Baronet ( 10 December 1795 -- 2 June 1890 ) was a Scottish shipping magnate .
Kazys Almenas ( b. 11 April 1935 , Gruzdžiai , Šiauliai County , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian physicist , writer , essayist , and publisher .
Ann - Sophie Qvarnström ( born 26 July 1958 ) is a Swedish illustrator and silversmith best known for the maps she made for the Swedish role - playing ( `` RPG '' ) community during the 1980s .
Herman Gvardjančič ( born 21 October 1943 , in Gorenja vas , Škofja Loka ) , is a Slovene painter .
Philip II of Daun - Oberstein ( German : Philipp II von Daun - Oberstein ) ( 1463 - -1515 ) was the Archbishop - Elector of Cologne from 1508 until 1515 .
Milan Emil Uzelac ( 26 August 1867 - 7 January 1954 ) was soldier and military commander who was a leading figure in the air forces of the Austro - Hungarian Empire , Kingdom of Yugoslavia and the Independent State of Croatia .
Jean - Christophe Baillie ( /ˈbɑːi/ ; born 28 April 1974 ) is a French scientist and entrepreneur .
( Amos ) Henry Chilver , Baron Chilver FRS FREng ( 30 October 1926 -- 8 July 2012 ) was a British engineer and politician .
Anas Al - Sheghri ( Arabic : أنس الشغري‎ ; born 1988 ) was a leading activist in the protests in the beginning of the Syrian Civil War .
Kieran Hebden ( born 1978 ) , best known by the stage name Four Tet , is an English post - rock and electronic musician .
Colin Murray Parkes ( born 1928 ) is a British psychiatrist and the author of numerous books and publications on grief .
Seán Brett ( born 1967 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a left corner - forward for the Tipperary senior team .
Fantan Mojah ( born Owen Moncrieffe 5 August 1975 ) , is a Jamaican reggae singer .
Rhys Sharpe ( born 17 October 1994 ) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Notts County .
Pip Lamb ( born 11 February 1959 in Hereford , England ) is a former motorcycle speedway rider in National League ( speedway ) He started his career as an Oxford Cheetah and is most associated with that club .
Massimo Faggioli ( born 1970 ) is a Church historian , Associate Professor in the Department of Theology and Director of the Institute for Catholicism and Citizenship at the University of St. Thomas , St. Paul , Minnesota .
Pietro Iemmello ( born 6 March 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as an striker for Foggia .
Raja Mannargudi Mahamahopadhyaya Thyagaraja Mahi Raju Sastrigal ( 28 May 1815 -- 4 March 1903 ) , also known as Mannargudi Raju Sastri or Mannargudi Periyaval , was a Hindu scholar .
Lloyd Mondory ( born 26 April 1982 ) is a French professional road bicycle racer who has raced for UCI WorldTeam AG2R La Mondiale throughout his career .
Lulu Wang ( Chinese : 王露露 ; pinyin : Wáng Lùlù ; born 22 December 1960 ) is a Chinese - born writer who has lived in the Netherlands since 1986 .
Allen Spraggett ( born 1932 ) is a Canadian writer and broadcaster , known for his works concerning the paranormal .
Koen Barbé ( born 20 January 1981 ) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2004 and 2013 , for the Topsport Vlaanderen and Crelan - Euphony teams .
Louise Aitken - Walker MBE ( born January 1960 , Duns , Berwickshire ) is a British rally and saloon car racing driver .
Suzanne Elder ( née Lagershausen ; born 1961 ) is a Chicago community activist who has worked on school , health care , and community issues .
Thomas Tesdale ( 1547 - -1610 ) was an English maltster , benefactor of the town of Abingdon in the English county of Berkshire ( now Oxfordshire ) and the primary founding benefactor of Pembroke College , Oxford .
Norah Wilmot ( 1889 - -1980 ) was the first British woman racehorse trainer to officially train a winning horse .
Ian Mortimer ( born 13 March 1983 ) is a Canadian sprint canoer who has competed in the World Canoe Championships and trains with the sprint canoe national team of Canada .
Gary Peller ( born 1955 ) is Professor of Law at Georgetown University Law Center and a prominent member of the critical legal studies and critical race theory movements .
Huang Xiaowei ( Chinese : 黄晓薇 ; born May 1961 ) is a Chinese politician currently serving as the Secretary of Discipline Inspection of Shanxi Province in central China .
Anubrata Basu ( born 5 October 1989 in Calcutta ) , is a Bengali film actor .
Friedrich Christian Flick ( born 19 September 1944 in Sulzbach - Rosenberg , Oberpfalz ) , also known as Mick Flick , is a German - Swiss art collector .
Konstantin Pavlyuchenko ( Russian : Константин Павлюченко ; born 11 January 1971 ) is a retired Kazakhstani professional footballer who also holds Ukrainian citizenship .
Simon Pleasance ( born 1944 ) is an Anglo - French art translator and writer .
Myron Mathisson ( 1897 - -1940 ) was a theoretical physicist of Polish and Jewish descent .
Kushtrim Munishi ( Serbo - Croat : Kuštrim Muniši ) ( born 17 March 1973 in Pristina ) is a retired Kosovar Albanian football player .
Gerald Johnston ( 21 June 1891 -- 30 December 1968 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Melling ( born 30 November 1994 ) is a British actor , most known for his roles in Vanity Fair and the Harry Potter film series .
Richard Brett ( 1567 - -1637 ) was an English clergyman and academic .
1575 Born , Southwark 1608 Died , Tyburn 1929 Beatified ( i.e. , the first step to canonisation ) 1970 Canonised , by Pope Paul VI ( canonised , i.e. , declared a saint ) 1 December , Saint Thomas Garnet 's memorial Day 25 October , Feast Day of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales
Kim Kahana , Sr . ( born 1930 ) is an American actor , stunt performer and action choreographer of Hawaiian and Japanese descent .
Darragh Morgan was born in Belfast in 1974 , and is one of London 's most sought after interpreters of new music .
Someshvara I ( IAST : Someśvara ; r. c. 1042 -- 1068 ) ) was a notable king of the Western Chalukyas .
Rita Mae Brown ( born 28 November 1944 ) is an American writer and feminist .
Jean - Simon Berthélemy ( 5 March 1743 -- 1 March 1811 ) was a French history painter who was commissioned to paint allegorical ceilings for the Palais du Louvre , the Luxembourg Palace and others , in a conservative Late Baroque - Rococo manner only somewhat affected by Neoclassicism .
Gao Xiaoyan ( Chinese : 高小燕 ; pinyin : Gāo Xiǎoyàn ; born 1957 ) is a disgraced major general ( shao jiang ) in the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Bobi Sourander ( 1928 - -2008 ) was a Finnish - Swedish author and journalist covering stories in Latin america from 1969 to 1974 .
Lefteris Poulios ( Greek : Λευτέρης Πούλιος ; born 1944 ) is a Greek poet .
Wilfred Emmanuel - Jones ( born 7 November 1957 ) is a British businessman , farmer , and founder of `` The Black Farmer '' range of food products .
Léon Wurmser ( German : ( ˈvʊrmzɐ ) ; born 31 January 1931 , Zurich ) is a Swiss psychoanalyst , now Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at West Virginia University and a training and supervising analyst of the New York Freudian Society .
Thushara Weerasuriya ( born 29 November 1967 ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Colts Cricket Club .
John Frederick Goddard ( 1795 - -1866 ) was an English chemist who made important contributions to the early development of photography , in particular in his work for Richard Beard .
Johan Edin ( born 9 February 1987 ) is a Swedish cross country skier and ski orienteering competitor .
Donald Angus Beaton ( 1912 - -1981 ) was a blacksmith and a fiddler .
Frank Dunell ( born 17 March 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Essendon Bombers and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Claire Ruiz Hartell ( born 28 November 1997 ) also known for her screen name Claire Ruiz is an Australian - Filipino actress and model , best known for her roles in the television series Be Careful with my Heart as Joey Acosta , Beki Boxer as Venus , and in Kapitan Awesome as Claire Net .
Francesco Renzetti ( born 22 January 1988 ) is a Monegasque - born Italian footballer .
Sri Ranga Jeyaratnam ( Tamil : சிறீ ரங்கா ஜெயரத்தினம் ; born 22 January 1971 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil broadcaster , politician and former Member of Parliament .
Pope John XI ( Latin : Ioannes XI ; 910 -- December 935 ) was Pope from March 931 ( at the age of 20 ) to his death in 935 .
Moshe Kol ( Hebrew : משה קול‎‎ , born Moshe Kolodny on 28 May 1911 , died 7 July 1989 ) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician and one of the signatories of the Israeli declaration of independence .
Tadeusz Rychter ( c. 1873 in Lviv -- 1943 in Warsaw ) was a Polish early twentieth - century artist best remembered for his watercolors of the Holy Land .
Domhnall O'Donovan ( born 29 April 1988 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a right corner - back for the Clare senior team .
Natasha Palha ( 17 January 1994 ) is an Indian Tennis Player . She was the Indian National Grass Courts Tennis champion in 2014 .
Matěj Kůs ( born 11 July 1989 , in Plzeň , Czech Republic ) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who has raced with the Berwick Bandits and Redcar Bears in the British Premier League in 2007 .
Omar McFarlane ( born 4 April 1983 ) is a Jamaican soccer player , currently without a club .
Ronald Ssemanda ( born 15 December 1988 ) is a Ugandan cricketer who made his competitive debut for the Ugandan national side at the 2007 WCL Division Three tournament .
Piers Brendon ( born 21 December 1940 , Stratton . Cornwall ) is a British writer , known for historical and biographical works .
Vazgen Azrojan ( born 22 January 1977 ) is a retired Armenian ice dancer .
Sir Herbert Charles Pereira FRS , tropical hydrologist , was born on May 12 , 1913 in London .
Appu Kuttan ( born 1941 , Kerala , India ) , is an Indian American philanthropist , consultant , author and the founder and chairman of the National Education Foundation ( NEF ) , a global non - profit organization .
Pjetër Mazreku or Peter Masarechi or Petar Masarechi ( 1584 - 16 ? ? ) ( Italian : Pietro Massarecchi , Latin : Petrus Massarecchius ) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Troy Sachs , OAM ( born 3 December 1975 ) is an Australian wheelchair basketball player .
Aliona Munteanu ( born 25 May 1989 ) known better as Aliona Moon is a Moldovan singer .
Nathan Sivin ( born 11 May 1931 ) , also known as Xiwen ( Chinese : 席文 ) , is an American author , scholar , sinologist , historian , essayist , and currently professor emeritus at the University of Pennsylvania .
Anil Prakash Joshi was born on 6 April 1955 at Kotdwar , in Pauri Garhwal district , in the present day Uttarakhand state of India in a family of farmers and secured a master 's degree in botany and a doctoral degree in ecology .
Pierre Dumage ( du Mage ) ( baptized 23 November 1674 -- 2 October 1751 ) was a French Baroque organist and composer .
Ariël Jacobs ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈaː.ri.ˌjɛɫ ˈjaː.kɔps ) ; born 25 July 1953 ) is a Belgian former footballer last manager of Ligue 1 side Valenciennes FC
Antoni Zdanowski ( 1895 - -1948 ) was a Polish social and union activist , and also an editor of Robotniczy Przegląd Gospodarczy .
Ann - Mari Lindberg ( born 1935 ) is a Finnish writer writing in Swedish who has published an autobiographical or autofictional trilogy consisting of the books Kraschen ( Söderströms 1996 ) , Chansen ( Söderströms 1998 ) and Revanschen ( Söderströms 2000 ) .
Glenn Patterson ( born 1961 ) is a writer from Belfast , best known as a novelist .
Arnaud Gonzalez ( born 24 August 1977 ) is a retired French professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Lulu Hunt Peters ( 1873 - -1930 ) was an American doctor and author who wrote a featured newspaper column entitled Diet and Health , which she followed up with a best - selling book , Diet & Health :
Dorree Lynn , Ph.D. ( born 1941 ) Psychologist for close to four decades and life coach in Washington , D.C. and Florida as well as an author and media expert on aging and life over fifty .
Michael Duignan ( born 21 February 1968 in Banagher , County Offaly ) is a retired Irish hurling manager and former dual player .
Dr Ali Ahmed S Kazi ( 1896 - -1970 ) was one of the few physicians when Sindh was created as a province in British India in 1936 .
Frieder Bernius ( born 22 June 1947 ) is a German conductor , the founder and director of the chamber choir Kammerchor Stuttgart , founded in 1968 .
Romeo Bégin ( born 12 December 1895 , date of death unknown ) was an Ontario political figure .
Francesco Paolo Bontade ( 1914 -- February 25 , 1974 ) , also known as Don Paolino Bonta , was a legendary and powerful member of the Sicilan Mafia .
Alan Mathews ( born 27 June 1965 ) is an Irish football manager of Athlone Town .
Somporn Saekhow ( 1940 - August 20 , 2002 , Thai สมพร แซ่โค้ว ) was a farmer from Kanchanadit , Surat Thani Province , Thailand , who became famous as a monkey teacher .
Ashu Kasim Rabo ( born 20 October 1984 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises in the half marathon and marathon events .
William Stephanus Havenga ( 6 November 1924 -- 12 December 2008 ) , commonly known as Billy or Willie Havenga , was a South African professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham City , Luton Town and Ipswich Town .
Stuart Mangin ( born 8 February 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Mike Dierickx ( born 20 February 1973 ) , formerly known as Dirk Dierickx , and most commonly recognized under the aliases M.I.K.E. Push or Plastic Boy , is a Belgian DJ . Best known for the song `` Universal Nation '' , he has also released other singles including `` The Legacy '' and `` Strange World '' .
Richard Ong ( born 1965 ) is a Malaysian investment banker and businessman .
Vairamuthu ( born Vairamuthu Ramaswamy on 13 July 1953 ) is a Tamil poet and lyricist .
Thor Helland ( born 10 December 1936 in Sørfold , Nordland ) was a Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres .
Slađana Božović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слађана Божовић , born c. 1980 ) is a Swedish - born Serbian beauty pageant .
Alexios IV Angelos or Alexius IV Angelus ( Greek : Αλέξιος Δ ' Άγγελος ) ( c. 1182 -- February 8 , 1204 ) was Byzantine Emperor from August 1203 to January 1204 .
Andres Salumets ( born 19 May 1971 in Jõhvi ) is an Estonian biologist and biochemist , currently the Professor of Reproductive Medicine at the University of Tartu .
Aryan Kaganof ( born 1964 as Ian Kerkhof ) is a South African film maker , novelist , poet and fine artist .
Joseph `` Joey '' Magliano ( July 1969 -- October 15 , 2006 ) , better known by the ring name `` Jumping '' Joey Maggs , was an American professional wrestler .
Daniel Levin Becker ( born in 1984 in Chicago ) is an American writer , translator and musical critic .
Levi Fragell ( born 30 March 1939 ) is a Norwegian humanist .
Barratt Waugh ( born August 1979 , Swindon , Wiltshire ) is a British countertenor singer .
Roza Miletić ( born 1934 ) , better known as Teta Roza ( lit . Aunt Roza ) , is a veteran of the Croatian War of Independence known for capturing a tank and a Yugoslav pilot .
Cristian Zaccardo , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkristjan dzakˈkardo ) , born 21 December 1981 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Serie A club Carpi , although he is also capable of playing as a fullback or in midfield .
Professor David L. Heymann , MD ( born 1946 in Pennsylvania , USA ) was appointed Chairman of the Board of the UK Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) in April 2009 .
Bessie Margolin ( 1909 - June 19 , 1996 ) was a U.S. Department of Labor attorney from 1939 until 1972 , arguing numerous cases before the Supreme Court .
Shakuntala Nayar ( born 1926 ) is an Indian politician who was a member of Lok Sabha .
Colin Monk ( born 29 September 1967 in Lewisham ) was an English darts player who competed in Professional Darts Corporation events and formerly played in British Darts Organisation events .
Óscar García Junyent ( born 26 April 1973 ) , known simply as Óscar as a player , is a Spanish retired footballer , and the current manager of Austrian club FC Red Bull Salzburg .
Malika Domrane ( Tizi Hibel , 12 March 1956 ) is an Algerian singer , originally from Kabylie .
Johann Heß ( or Hess ) ( 23 September 1490 -- 5 January 1547 ) was a German Lutheran theologian and Protestant Reformer of Breslau ( Wroclaw ) .
Rav Nitzav Yohanan Danino ( Hebrew : יוחנן דנינו‎ ; born 1959 ) is an Israeli police officer who has served since May 1 , 2011 until June 30 , 2015 as the 17th chief of the Israel Police .
Mayer Hillman ( born London , 1931 ) is a Senior Fellow Emeritus since 1992 at the Policy Studies Institute , University of Westminster where he worked for at least thirty years .
William Snatt ( 1645 -- 1721 ) was an English nonjuring clergyman , who came to prominence after a failed Jacobite plot .
Becky Lee ( Chinese : 李璧琦 , born 11 August 1978 ) is a Hong Kong TVB actress and host .
Alair de Souza Camargo Júnior , or simply Alair ( born 27 January 1982 ) is a Brazilian football player .
Evan Gulbis ( born 20 March 1986 ) is an Australian cricketer who plays for the Tasmania cricket team in Australian domestic cricket competitions .
Miriam González Durántez ( born 31 May 1968 ) is a Spanish lawyer and partner of international legal practice at Dechert .
Ras Darge Sahle Selassie ( 1830 -- 23 March 1900 ) was an Ethiopian prince .
Marco Vichi ( born 20 November 1957 ) is an Italian novelist and short story writer who has also edited a number of crime anthologies .
Zdenka Žebre ( born 15 November 1920 ) is a Slovene writer , best known for her books with an African theme .
Stewart Beards ( born 15 August 1967 ) is retired English professional footballer .
Walter P. Lomax , Jr. ( 1933 - October 10 , 2013 ) was a medical practitioner in Philadelphia neighborhood where he served for more than three decades .
Aroon Tikekar or Aruṇa Ṭikekara ( born 1 February 1944 - Died 19th January 2016 ) is an Indian scholar and authority on Mumbai , as well as a journalist .
Chris Cochrane ( born 18 December 1988 ) is an Irish professional rugby union player for Ulster Rugby . His favored position is wing .
Rouba was born in Zahle , Lebanon on 22 May 1975 to father Maurice Zeidan , a businessman ; and mother Salwa Zeidan , an artist and galleryholder .
Dr. John Stanley Terrington ( 28 December 1903 - 1987 ) was a British civil engineer known for his writings on the use of concrete in construction in the mid twentieth century .
Bernard Garfield ( May 27 , 1924 - ) is an American bassoonist , composer , teacher , and recording artist .
Emine Çaykara ( born 1964 ) is Turkish writer and historian .
Felix Francis ( born 1953 ) is a British crime writer who is Dick Francis 's younger son .
Hjalmar Borgstrøm ( 23 March 1864 -- 5 July 1925 ) was a Norwegian composer and music critic who played a prominent role in the musical life of his country in the first quarter of the 20th century .
Vikram Raj Vir Singh ( born 17 September 1984 ) , commonly known as V. R. V. Singh , is an Indian cricketer who has been a member of the Indian cricket team since April 2006 .
Robert Zend ( 1929 - 1985 ) was a Hungarian - Canadian poet , fiction writer , and multi - media artist .
William McNally VC , MM and Bar ( 16 December 1894 -- 5 January 1976 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Patricia Barbizet ( born 17 April 1955 ) is a prominent figure in the French business world .
Ethan Rubinstein ( born 1941 , died January 29 , 2015 ) was an Israeli - Canadian doctor and academic .
Baruch Lumet ( Burech Lumet ; 16 September 1898 -- 8 February 1992 ) was a Polish Jewish actor best known for his work in the Yiddish theatre .
Aleksei Fedorovich Filippov ( Russian : Алексей Фёдорович Филиппов ; 29 September 1923 -- 10 October 2006 ) was a Russian mathematician , who worked on differential equations , differential inclusions , diffraction theory , and numerical methods .
Mercia MacDermott ( Bulgarian : Мерсия Макдермот ; born 7 April 1927 ) is an English writer and historian .
Matild Manukyan ( 1914 - February 17 , 2001 ) was a wealthy Turkish businesswoman of Armenian descent .
Tarek Mostafa ( Arabic : طارق مصطفى‎ ) ( born 1 April 1971 ) is a retired Egyptian footballer .
Paul Dijoud ( born 25 June 1938 ) is an ex - minister of state for Monaco .
Jessé de Forest ( 1576 -- October 22 , 1624 ) was the leader of a group of Walloon Huguenots who fled Europe due to religious persecutions .
Gonzala Aurora Bretón Gómez ( 10 January 1950 -- 27 May 2014 ) was a Mexican archer who represented her country in four Olympic games ( 1972 , 1984 , 1988 and 1992 ) ; won two silver and five broze medals in Pan American Games and eight gold and two silver medals in Central American and Caribbean Games .
Andy Platt ( born 9 October 1963 in Billinge , Lancashire ) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and ' 90s .
Robert Byrne ( born 15 April 1987 in Tallaght , Dublin ) , better known by his stage name Nucentz , also known as Nu - Centz or Nuie , is an Irish rapper .
Ganesh Prasad ( 15 November 1876 -- 9 March 1935 ) was an Indian mathematician who specialised in the theory of potentials , theory of functions of a real variable , Fourier series and the theory of surfaces .
Nigel Edwards ( born 31 December 1950 ) is a Welsh former footballer who played as a full back .
Craig Frawley ( born 19 August 1980 ) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s .
Quiara Alegría Hudes ( born 1977 ) is an American playwright and composer best known for writing the book for the musical In the Heights .
Shefali Chowdhury ( Bengali : শেফালী চৌধুরী ; born 20 June 1988 ) is a British actress of Bangladeshi descent best known for playing the role of Parvati Patil in the Harry Potter film series , except for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban ( 2004 ) , in which the character is played by Sitara Shah .
Bartolommeo Ardy ( Saluzzo , 1821- July 1 , 1887 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes of the Piedmont and Alpine regions .
Franz Sedlacek was born in Breslau on 21 January 1891 , and moved with his family to Linz in 1897 .
Denise Posse - Blanco Lindberg ( born 1951 ) is a district court judge of the 3rd judicial district of Utah .
Abubakar Hamza ( born 1985 ) is a Nigerian cross - dresser who spent 7 years dressed as a woman and selling aphrodisiacs .
Regina Rheda ( 1957 ) is a Brazilian - born writer who lives in the United States .
`` Sermkhun Kunawong '' was born on July 5 , 1960 in Nakornsawan , Thailand .
Goga Sekulić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гога Секулић ; born 27 February 1977 ) is a Serbian turbo - folk singer that has released eleven albums since 2000 .
Yin Chengxin ( Chinese : 尹成昕 , born 5 February 1995 in Wuhan ) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming .
Rory MacGregor ( born 2 August 1976 ) is a British actor , who has played a variety of roles on television , generally in the 2000s .
Mildred Constantine Bettelheim ( 1913 -- December 10 , 2008 ) was an American curator who helped bring attention to the posters and other graphic design in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in the 1950s and 1960s Constantine ( she used her maiden name professionally ) was born in 1913 in Brooklyn , New York .
Joseph Cange ( Saarbourg , 19 September 1753 - ? ) was a minor figure of the French Revolution .
Axel van Lamsweerde ( born 1947 ) is a Belgian computer scientist and Professor of Computing Science at the Universite catholique de Louvain , known for his work on requirements engineering and the development of the KAOS goal - oriented modeling language .
Dennis Buschening ( born 2 March 1991 ) is a German - Thai professional footballer currently plays for Siam Navy in Thai Premier League .
James Eric Drummond , 7th Earl of Perth GCMG , CB ( 17 August 1876 -- 15 December 1951 ) was a British politician and diplomat as well as the first Secretary - General of the League of Nations ( LN ) ( 1920 - -1933 ) .
Rajni Kumar ( born 5 March , 1923 ) is a British - born Indian educationist and the founder of Springdales Group of Schools .
Chris Simmers ( born 17 October 1969 in Scotland ) is a Scottish former rugby union player .
Darren Forsyth ( born 21 January 1988 ) , is an Irish footballer who plays for Warrenpoint Town in the NIFL Premiership .
Nigel Rodgers ( born 1952 ) is a British writer , environmentalist and critic .
Erik Lindbergh ( born 1965 ) is an aviator , a promoter of space tourism , and an artist .
Ioan Condruc ( born 19 April 1951 ) is a Romanian former football player , who played for FC Baia Mare , UTA Arad and U Cluj .
Carl Christian Nicolaj Balle ( 1806 - -1855 ) was a Danish composer and editor of church music ; he is noted for his Christmas compositions , including the hymn tune `` Det kimer nu til julefest '' .
Paul Galloway ( 1934 -- February 2 , 2009 ) was an American newspaper reporter , columnist and storyteller who wrote for both the Chicago Sun - Times and the Chicago Tribune .
Bravig Imbs was born in 1904 in Milwaukee to Norwegian - American parents .
Heikki Kuula ( born 27 January 1983 ) is a Finnish rapper , record producer and graphic designer .
Ivi Adamou ( Greek : Ήβη Αδάμου , pronounced ( ˈivi aˈðamu ) ; born 24 November 1993 ) is a Greek Cypriot singer .
Yang Shanping ( simplified Chinese : 杨善平 ; traditional Chinese : 楊善平 ; pinyin : Yáng Shànpíng ; born 28 October 1987 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League .
Amice Calverley ( 9 April 1896 - 10 April 1959 ) was a 20th - century Egyptologist who was instrumental to the recording and publication of the decoration in the temple of King Sethos I at Abydos .
Shantha Rangaswamy , also known as Shanta Rangaswamy , ( born 1 January 1954 in Madras ) is an Indian cricketer .
Albert Ndele ( born 15 August 1930 ) is a Congolese former politician and banker .
Chris Cuthbert ( born 1957 ) is currently a Canadian play - by - play sportscaster for Bell Media 's TSN cable network , and for the American television network NBC on NHL on NBC .
Eli Wilner ( born 1956 ) is proprietor of Eli Wilner & Company , a New York art gallery specializing in American and European period frames from the 19th through the early 20th century .
Cornelis Johannes DuPreez Strauss ( born 7 June 1978 ) is a South African music director , TV , theatre and radio producer , composer , lyricist , writer , casting director , orchestra conductor and TV personality .
Mitchell Schet ( born 28 January 1988 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right winger who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club Trenčín .
Professor Dr Karla Pollmann ( 1963 ) is a professor of Classics researching in the areas of Classical to Late Antiquity , patristics , the history of exegesis and hermeneutics , and the thought of Augustine of Hippo and its reception .
Orhan Çıkırıkçı ( born 15 April 1967 ) is a retired Turkish football ( soccer ) striker .
Jane Relf ( born 7 March 1947 ) is a British singer and the younger sister of Keith Relf of the Yardbirds .
Leandro da Silva ( born 22 September 1988 ) , commonly known as Leandro Silva or simply Leandro , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a right back .
Augustus De Morgan ( /dɪ ˈmɔrɡən/ ; 27 June 1806 -- 18 March 1871 ) was a British mathematician and logician .
Thomas Tregenna Biddulph ( 1763 - -1838 ) was an English cleric , a leading evangelical in the Bristol area .
Mikheil Ashvetia ( Georgian : მიხეილ აშვეთია ; born 10 November 1977 ) is a Georgian former footballer .
Krasimir Radkov - Krasi Radkov ( Bulgarian : Красимир Радков - Краси Радков , born 24 April 1971 in Vratza ) is a Bulgarian comedy actor who performs on television and at the theatre .
Hermann Julius Grüneberg ( 11 April 1827 -- 7 June 1894 ) was a German chemist and inventor , and together with Julius Vorster the founder of the Chemische Fabrik Kalk .
Ambrose Evans - Pritchard ( born 7 December 1957 ) is the international business editor of the Daily Telegraph .
Wu Pao - chun ( Chinese : 吳寶春 ; pinyin : Wú Bǎochūn , born 5 September 1970 ) , is a Taiwanese baker best known for winning the title of Master Baker in the bread category of the 2010 Bakery Masters competition held in Paris .
María Sonia Furió Flores ( 30 July 1937 -- 1 December 1996 ) was a Spanish - born Mexican actress .
Công Quốc Hà ( born 29 October 1955 ) is an acclaimed Vietnamese artist and lacquer painter .
Edmund Blampied ( 30 March 1886 -- 26 August 1966 ) was one of the most eminent artists to come from the Channel Islands , yet he received no formal training in art until he was 16 years old .
John Daniel Tinder ( born February 17 , 1950 ) is a retired federal judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit .
Alexander Spiers ( 1807 - -1869 ) , was an English lexicographer .
Jon Gisle ( born 19 November 1948 ) is a Norwegian jurist , encyclopedist and philologist .
Neven Sesardić ( born 30 July 1949 ) is a Croatian philosopher known for his writings on heritability and race .
Isaac Mervyn Jaffey , known during his cricket career as Mervyn Jaffey and now known as Mervyn Jeffries ( born 9 September 1929 in Dublin , Republic of Ireland ) is an Irish former cricketer .
Sophie Parkin ( born 1961 ) is an English writer , artist and actor .
Mark Moore ( born 12 January 1965 ) is a British dance music record producer and DJ . He was founder of the dance / sampling pioneers S'Express , and runs the London nightclubs , ' Electrogogo ' and ' Can Can ' .
Nehemiah Samuel Libowitz was a Russian Hebrew scholar and author ; born January 3 , 1862 , at Kolno , Łomża .
Michael Upton , painter : born Birmingham 5 February 1938 ; married 1964 Anne McKechnie ( one son deceased ; marriage dissolved ) , 1974 Susy Young ( died 1990 ; one son , one daughter ) ; died Truro , Cornwall 20 September 2002 .
Andreas Wellinger ( born 28 August 1995 ) is a German ski jumper , a member of the national team , Olympic Champion 2014 in team competition .
Jill Morrell ( born 1957 ) was the girlfriend of John McCarthy , and was a tireless and effective campaigner for his release from kidnappers who held him in Lebanon for more than 5 years .
Daniel Browne ( born 16 April 1979 ) is currently playing club rugby for London Welsh in the Aviva Championship .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani ( Azerbaijani : Səkinə Məhəmmədi Aştiani , Persian : سکینه محمدی آشتیانی‎‎ ; born 1967 ) , is an Iranian Azeri woman who has gained the attention of human rights groups and people throughout the world for a conviction of adultery and accompanying sentence of death by stoning .
Joanna Rajkowska ( born 1968 ) is a Polish contemporary artist who came onto the Polish art scene in the 1990s .
Williams Middleton ( 1809 - 1883 ) was a son of South Carolina Governor Henry Middleton ( 1770 - 1846 ) .
May Edginton ( 1883 - June 17 , 1957 ) was a British writer .
Reed Elley ( born 1945 ) is a retired Baptist minister who was elected to the Canadian Parliament in 1997 as a member of the Reform Party .
Ieti Taulealo ( born 23 April 1986 ) is an American Samoan football player .
Arun Sarin ( born 21 October 1954 ) is an Indian - born American telecommunications executive .
Du Jiahao ( Chinese : 杜家毫 ; born July 1955 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2013 as the Governor and Deputy Communist Party Secretary of Hunan province .
Bart Arens ( Lisse , 2 March 1978 ) is a Dutch radio dj . He currently presents 3 radio programs on 3FM : 3FM Weekend Request , Mega Top 50 and De radioshow van Bart .
Jaime de la Pava , ( born 14 April 1967 ) is a Colombian football manager and the current manager of Salvadoran club FAS .
Thomas Penny ( 1532 -- January 1589 ) was an English physician and early entomologist .
Samir Qasimi ( Arabic : سمير قسيمي ) ( born 1974 ) is an Algerian writer .
Enrico Annoni ( born 1 July 1966 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played primarily as a centre back .
Jim Fairlie ( born 1940 ) is a Scottish politician and financial analyst .
Major General Khaled Fawzy ( In Arabic : خالد فوزي ; b. 1957 ) is the Director of the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate ( EGID ) .
Jimmy Gilmour ( born 17 December 1961 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played
John Moray Stuart - Young ( 1881 - -1939 ) was an English Uranian poet , memoirist , novelist and merchant trader .
Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu ( pronounced ( keˈmal kɯɫɯtʃˈdaɾoːɫu ) ; born 17 December 1948 ) is a Turkish politician .
Siro Marcellini ( born 16 September 1921 ) is an Italian director and screenwriter .
Kimi Katkar ( born 11 December 1965 ) is a model and actress of Bollywood from the 1980s to the early 1990s .
Fra Girolamo Bonsignori , ( miscalled Monsignori ; 1472 - -1549 ) was an Italian artist .
José Vasconcelos Calderón ( 28 February 1882 -- 30 June 1959 ) has been called the `` cultural caudillo '' of the Mexican Revolution He was an important Mexican writer , philosopher and politician .
Amy Vedder ( born March 24 , 1951 in Palatine Bridge , New York ) is an ecologist and primatologist involved in conservation work with mountain gorillas .
Willem Janszoon ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋɪləm ˈjɑnsoːn ) ; c. 1570 - -1630 ) , sometimes abbreviated to Willem Jansz . , was a Dutch navigator and colonial governor .
Abraham Palatnik ( born 1928 ) is a Brazilian artist and inventor whose innovations include kinechromatic art . He is Jewish and of Russian descent .
Clive Emsley ( born 1944 ) is a British historian and criminologist .
John Strausbaugh ( born in Baltimore in 1951 ) is an American author , cultural commentator , and host of the New York Times `` Weekend Explorer '' video podcast series on New York City .
Nigel Vardy ( born 22 April 1969 in Queen Mary Maternity Home in Derby ) is an English mountaineer , motivational and leadership speaker , and the author of the books Once Bitten and Seven Peaks --
Armand Amar ( born 1953 ) French composer , who grew up in Morocco .
Marc Saw Nelson ( born 14 February 1972 ) , better known as Marc Nelson , is a Burmese , Thai and Australian television host and model mostly credited for being one of Philippine television 's most visible and prominent personalities .
Christos Zalokostas ( Greek : Χρήστος Ζαλοκώστας , 1894 -- 1975 ) was a Greek fencer and sport shooter .
Eoin Larkin ( born 17 July 1984 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a left wing - forward for the Kilkenny senior team .
Fredrik Steen ( 6 September 1895 -- 22 October 1970 ) was a Norwegian pharmacist and businessperson .
Susana Torre ( born 1944 ) is an Argentine - born American architect , critic and educator , based in New York City ( 1968 - -2008 ) and in Carboneras , Almeria , Spain ( since 2009 ) .
María Julia Casanova ( 1916 - 2004 ) is recognized for her long career as a script writer for radio and television and as a theater designer and director .
Demetrios Tzamplakon ( Greek : Δημήτριος Τζαμπλάκων , fl . 1345 - -1366/67 ) was a Byzantine aristocrat and senior military leader .
Aleks Danko ( born 1950 ) is an Australian performance artist and sculptor .
Terry Cashion ( 7 April 1921 -- 8 October 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer from Tasmania .
Karl Whatham ( born 27 August 1981 ) is an Australian - born cricketer who has played one One Day International for Canada .
Geoffrey Nyarota ( born c. 1951 ) is an award - winning Zimbabwean journalist and human rights activist .
Vidar Bahus , born 5 June 1965 , is a retired Norwegian football goalkeeper who spent his career in SK Brann and Fyllingen Fotball .
Sheila Reid ( born 21 December 1937 ) is a Scottish actress , best known for her performance as Madge Harvey in Benidorm .
Aage Krarup Nielsen ( 30 July 1891 -- 29 January 1972 ) was a travel writer .
Mary S. Hartman ( born 1941 ) joined the Douglass History Department in 1968 and served as director of the Women 's Studies Institute from 1975 to 1977 .
Craig B. Fisher ( 1932 - -2006 ) was an American network and cable television producer .
Claudio Pari ( 1574 -- after 1619 ) was an Italian composer , of Burgundian birth , of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras .
Ajet Shehu ( born 31 December 1990 in Rahovec , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a footballer who plays as a centre back .
Dr. Amir Masoud Boroumand ( 12 November 1928 -- 8 March 2011 ) was an Iranian footballer .
Professor William Graham Richards C.B.E. , M.A. , D.Phil , D.Sc , C.Chem , FRSC was born 1 October 1939 in Hoylake , Cheshire and was Head of Chemistry ( 1997 - 2006 ) at the University of Oxford .
Artur Mikaelyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Միքայելյան , Greek : Αρτούρ Μικαελιάν ; born March 8 , 1970 in Kirovakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian and Greek amateur boxer .
John Clare Whitehorn , M.D. ( 1894 - 1974 ) was an American psychiatric educator during the mid-20th century .
Milica Pavlović ( born 11 August 1991 ) is a Serbian pop - folk recording artist .
Mattar Bin Lahej ( born 1968 ) is an Emirati Painter , photographer and sculptor from Dubai .
Josef Teichmann ( * 27 August 1972 in Lienz ) is an Austrian mathematician and professor at ETH Zürich working on mathematical finance .
John Tasker Henderson ( 9 December 1905 -- 2 January 1983 ) was a Canadian Physicist whose career was with the National Research Council ( NRC ) .
Candice Kathleen Atherton ( born 21 September 1955 ) , known as Candy Atherton , is a British journalist and former politician .
Myles Pollard ( born 4 November 1972 ) is an Australian actor known for his role as doctor James Edmunds in Home and Away and previously Nick Ryan on the TV series McLeod 's Daughters .
Don Manuel Críspulo González y Soto , 1st Marquis of Bonanza ( 10 June 1846 -- 16 October 1933 ) , was a Spanish entrepreneur of the González Byass wine and sherry company and a philanthropist .
Margriet Smulders ( born 17 July 1955 , Bussum ) is a Dutch photographer of floral still lifes .
Per Kristoffersen ( born 12 October 1937 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a striker .
Jagwinder Singh Dhaliwal , better known by his stage name , Juggy D , ( born 19 November 1981 ) is a British Indian singer from Southall , London , England .
Gordon Clifford ( 1928 - -2008 ) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s .
Rogatien Biaou ( born 19 May 1952 , in Savé ) is a Beninese politician and diplomat .
Frank Chauvin ( c. 1933 -- March 13 , 2015 ) was a Canadian police detective from Windsor , Ontario .
Violet Berlin ( born 2 January 1968 ) is a Turkish - born English television presenter , writer and producer best known for her coverage of video games .
Théodrate of Troyes ( 868 - -903 ) was the wife of Odo , Count of Paris .
Figueiredo Sobral ( 1926 -- 13 August 2010 ) was a Portuguese painter , sculptor and poet .
Sonja Härdin , born 1945 , is a Swedish illustrator .
David Donachie ( born 1944 ) is a Scottish nautical historical novelist .
Johnny Simm ( born 24 November 1929 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger , making 143 appearances in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers , Bury and Bradford City .
Jayanto Banerjee ( born 1958 ) , who signs his work Jayanto , is an Indian cartoonist and illustrator .
Mónica Mayer ( born 1954 ) is a Mexican artist , activist and art critic whose practice includes performance , digital graphics , drawing , photography and art theory .
Eoin O'Mahony ( born 1962 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a centre - forward for the Cork senior team .
Martyn Griffiths ( born 18 March 1946 ) is a British racing driver , whose greatest success has been in hillclimbing .
Christophe Tack ( born 29 December 1992 ) is the 2014 World Champion Freestyle Kitesurfer .
Nicolas Louis Alexandre , Baron de Gunzburg ( 12 December 1904 -- 20 February 1981 ) , aka Baron Nicolas de Gunzburg , was a banker and socialite of Russian , Polish , and Portuguese descent , who became an editor at several American publications , including Town & Country , Vogue , and Harper 's Bazaar .
Hussain Dawood ( Urdu : حسین داؤد‎ ) ( born 1943 ) is a Pakistani industrialist , educationist and philanthropist , with origins from Bantva , Gujarat in western India .
Eberhard Haun ( born 1 October 1949 ; died 8 August 1976 ) was a German footballer .
Darren O'Dea ( born 4 February 1987 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a centre - back for Scottish Premiership club Dundee .
Phillip Mann ( born 1942 ) is a British - born , science fiction author resident in New Zealand since 1969 .
Richard B. Carter ( 1877 - -1949 ) , ink manufacturer , was president of the Carter 's Ink Company , in Boston and later Cambridge , Massachusetts , from 1903 - 1949 .
Sifan Hassan ( Oromo : Siifan Hassan ; born 1993 ) is an Ethiopian - Dutch middle- and long - distance runner .
Margret Dieck ( July 1941 -- 28 November 1996 ) was a German gerontologist and is considered one of the country 's distinguished representatives of gerontology , especially of the socio - politico - scientific orientation .
Shiu - Kay Kan ( born 1951 ) is a British architect , industrial designer , lighting designer and designer of lights .
Brian Twyne ( c. 25 July 1581 -- 4 July 1644 ) was an antiquarian and an academic at the University of Oxford .
Leopold Spinner ( 26 April 1906 -- 12 August 1980 ) was a Ukrainian - born , British - domiciled composer and editor .
Zane Lewis ( born 1981 ) is an American visual artist based in Brooklyn , New York .
Gregory Gray ( born Paul Lerwill , 1959 , Northern Ireland ) is a singer / songwriter .
Fred Oberlander ( 23 May 1911 in Vienna , Austria -- 1996 ) was an Austrian , British , and Canadian wrestler .
Tomas Haake ( born 13 July 1971 ) is a Swedish drummer and main songwriter of the experimental metal band Meshuggah .
Carl M. Bender ( born 1943 ) is Wilfred R. and Ann Lee Konneker Distinguished Professor of Physics at Washington University in St. Louis .
Gennady Spirin ( born 25 December 1948 ) is a Russian painter and children 's book illustrator .
Todd F. Davis ( born 1965 ) is a prize - winning American poet and critic .
Jamal Hairane ( born 26 May 1993 ) is a Qatari athlete specialising in the 800 metres events .
Henry Golden Dearth ( 22 April 1864 -- 27 March 1918 ) was a distinguished American painter who studied in Paris and continued to spend his summers in France painting in the Normandy region .
Henrik Toft ( born 15 April 1981 in Christiansfeld ) is a Danish professional footballer , who currently plays for club Kolding BK .
Ken McGrath ( born 20 February 1978 ) is an Irish hurler and current hurling selector who played as a centre - back for the Waterford senior team .
Arpa Ke'un , also known as Arpa Khan or Gavon or Gawon ( died 1336 ) , was an Ilkhan ( 1335 - -1336 ) during the disintegration of the Mongol state in Persia .
Emmanuel Gyimah Labi ( born 27 September 1950 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian composer , conductor , and music professor .
Pedro Ríos Maestre ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpeðɾo ˈri.os ) ; born 12 December 1981 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Córdoba CF as a right winger .
Valentin Vasilyevich Sysoyev ( Russian : Валентин Васильевич Сысоев ) ( born in 1887 ; died in 1971 ) was a Russian football player .
François Eid , OMM ( born on 24 July 1943 in Mtolleh , Chouf District , Lebanon ) is a retired Maronite Bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Cairo and Procurator of the Maronite Patriarch at the Holy See .
Rachid Djebaili ( born 26 April 1975 ) is a former footballer who played in five countries .
Abdul Muneem Patel ( born 17 April 1989 ) is one of the suspects arrested in the UK in connection to the 2006 transatlantic aircraft terrorist plot in the United Kingdom , and one of the nineteen whose accounts were frozen by the Bank of England .
Dan Andrei Aldea ( born 9 March 1950 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian rock multi - instrumentalist ( guitars , violin and keyboards , mainly ) and vocalist , best known for his work with the band Sfinx , but also for his solo career .
Bruno Beger ( 27 April 1911 -- 12 October 2009 ) was a German racial anthropologist who worked for the Ahnenerbe .
Born in 1958 , Guillaume Giscard d'Estaing has been Chairman and CEO of Sofema since 2007 .
Matteo Galvan ( born 24 August 1988 ) is an Italian sprinter who specializes in the 200 and 400 metres .
Sir Hugh Lansdown Stephenson , GCIE , KCSI ( 1871 - -1948 ) served as the Governor of Bihar and Orissa from 7 April 1927 to 7 April 1932 and the Governor of the British Crown Colony of Burma from December 1932 to May 1936 .
Nikita Korzun ( Belarusian : Мікіта Карзун ; Russian : Никита Корзун ; born 6 March 1995 ) is a Belarusian professional football player who currently plays for Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv .
Howard Ellis ( 1892 - 1968 ) was a prominent Chicago lawyer and one of the name partners of Kirkland & Ellis .
Jack Trengove ( born 2 September 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer and former co - captain of the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Olga Fikotová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈolɡa ˈfɪkotovaː ) , born 13 November 1932 ) is a Czechoslovak and later American discus thrower .
Talal Omar Abdillahi ( born 12 May 1967 ) is a Djiboutian long - distance athlete .
Đặng Tuyết Mai , also known as Madame Nguyễn Cao Kỳ ( 1942 ) is the former wife of Nguyễn Cao Kỳ , former South Vietnamese air force commander and politician , who served as Prime Minister of South Vietnam from 1965 to 1967 , and then as Vice President until his retirement from politics in 1971 .
Tomislav Šuker ( born 26 April 1940 ) is a Croatian retired track and field athlete who competed for Yugoslavia .
Christin Sørum ( born 12 January 1968 ) is a retired Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in 3000 metres and cross - country running .
Patrick Weston Joyce ( 1827 -- 7 January 1914 ) was an Irish historian , writer and music collector , known particularly for his research in local place names of Ireland .
Tom Hickox is a singer - songwriter from North London , born in 1981 .
Caitlin Davies ( born 1964 ) is an English author , journalist and teacher .
Keith Kennedy ( born 5 March 1952 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back , making over 400 career appearances .
Magnus Scharmanoff ( born 1964 ) is a Finnish photographic artist , earlier associated with The Helsinki School .
Scott Neyedli ( born 16 June 1978 in Aberdeen , Scotland ) was a full - time professional Ironman triathlete ( 2007 - 2011 ) , winning British and multiple Scottish Triathlon Championships .
Sigrún Stefánsdóttir , PhD in media studies ( born 1947 ) was the head of radio and television of RÚV , the National Icelandic Broadcasting Service .
Katarzyna Walter ( born 23 February 1960 in Krakow ) - Polish actress , film and theater .
Father Peter Nguyen Van Hung ( chữ Hán : 阮文雄 ; 1958 - ) is a Vietnamese Australian Roman Catholic priest and human rights activist in Taiwan .
Adolf Østbye ( February 1868 -- September 5 , 1907 ) was a revue artist and barber who became the first Norwegian recording artist .
Katharine Basset ( born c. 1522 , died post 1558 ) ( occasionally misnamed `` Elizabeth '' ) was an English gentlewoman who served at the court of King Henry VIII , namely in the household of Queen Anne of Cleves , and was briefly jailed for speaking against him .
Erin Mullally ( born 2 January 1990 ) is an Australian actor and model best known for playing the role of Declan Napier in Neighbours .
Leilah Assunção , or Leilah Assumpção ( born Maria de Lourdes Torres de Assunção , 1943 ) is a Brazilian dramatist , actress and writer .
Julian Lloyd Webber ( born 14 April 1951 ) is a British cellist , conductor and the principal of the Birmingham Conservatoire .
Coffey Anderson ( born 1978 ) ( sometimes using just his mononym Cofféy or Coffey ) is an American singer - songwriter originally from Bangs , Texas .
Hermes França Barros ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈeʁmiʃ ˈfɾɐ̃sɐ ) ; born August 26 , 1974 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist .
Shanthi Sriskantharajah ( born 28 October 1965 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil civil servant , politician and Member of Parliament .
Carlos Marchena López ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkaɾlos maɾˈtʃena ˈlopeθ ) ; born 31 July 1979 ) is a retired Spanish footballer .
Stacy Christakakis ( born 25 March 1964 ) is an Australian football coach who is currently the Technical Director of National Premier League side Kingston City FC .
Tomi Räisänen ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈtomi ˈræisænen ) ) ( born 2 June 1976 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish composer .
Mhadere Tigabe ( born in 1992 ) is Ethiopian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ethiopia 2013 , and was represented Ethiopia at Miss Universe 2013 pageant .
Frank Cordaro ( born 1951 ) is a peace activist and co - founder of the Des Moines , Iowa Catholic Worker group .
Dinesh Subba was born In 1962 in Tumsong Tea State of Darjeeling .
Sylvia Constantinidis ( born 1962 ) is a Venezuelan - American pianist , conductor , writer , music educator and composer .
Georges Theil , aka Gilbert Dubreuil ( born in 1940 , Corrèze ) is a French politician .
Heo Se - uk ( 1953 -- 2007 ) ( Korean : 허세욱 ) was a 54-year - old South Korean labor union member and taxi driver who set himself ablaze on April 1 , 2007 in Seoul to protest the U.S .- Korea Free Trade Agreement .
Andreas Stenschke , ( 26 July 1975 ) is a German actor and director .
Tex Pitfield ( born 1959 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is the President and CEO of Saraguay Petroleum , an Atlanta - based fuel company serving the South - Eastern United States .
Peter Piel ( 12 August 1835 -- 21 August 1904 ) was a German pioneer in the movement for reform of church music .
Brent Grgic ( born 8 October 1979 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played five seasons for Melbourne , before playing two seasons for Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Henry Pelham Lee ( 1877 - -1953 ) was an English engine pioneer .
Walter Burton Harris ( 29 August 1866 -- 4 April 1933 ) was a journalist , writer , traveller and socialite who achieved fame for his writings on Morocco , where he worked for many years as special correspondent for The Times .
Aibert was born in 1060 in the village of Espain in the Diocese of Tournai , in present - day Belgium .
Kiran Khalap ( born 1958 ) is a brand consultant , author and founder of Chlorophyll brand & communications consultancy that was set up in Mumbai , India 1999 .
Hashim Ibrahim Awad ( 1952 -- April 26 , 2006 ) was a disabled Iraqi veteran killed by US Marines on the night of April 26 , 2006 , in an episode known as the Hamdania incident .
Glenn Ryan ( born on 20 October 1972 ) is a former Gaelic footballer and manager , who captained the Kildare team in one of its most successful periods in recent history , leading the Lilywhites to the 1998 All - Ireland Senior Football Championship Final and collecting Leinster medals in 1998 and again in 2000 .
Nick Glennie - Smith ( born 3 October 1951 ) is an English film score composer whose most prominent work is in collaboration with Hans Zimmer on the score to the 1996 action film The Rock , the 2006 historical movie Children of Glory and the 1993 drama Point of No Return .
Jorge Grundman Isla ( born 1961 ) is a Spanish classical composer , musicologist , musician and professor who has helped to recover the music of Robert Kahn and Adalbert Gyrowetz among others through the non - profit music foundation created by him .
Bhima Bhattar ( 28 July 1904 -- December 16 , 1985 ) was a businessman and founder of Bhima Jewellers .
Mohan Bikram Singh ( born 1935 ) , often referred to as MBS , party name Gharti , is a Nepalese politician .
Julian Schieber ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdʒyː.lɪ.aːn ˈʃiːˈbɐ ) ; born 13 February 1989 ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for the German Bundesliga club Hertha BSC .
Kazuko Sinoto ( c. 1928 -- August 5 , 2013 ) was a Japanese - born American historian and immigration researcher who specialized in the history of Japanese migration to Hawaii .
Richard Evatt ( 26 August 1973 -- 17 July 2012 ) , also called ' tiger ' , was a British amateur and professional boxer in the super featherweight division who was unsuccessful in his only opportunity to win a world title .
Daniel Bartolotta ( born 9 January 1955 ) is a former Uruguayan football player , who currently coaches Puebla FC in Mexican Primera División .
Benjamin Colbert ( born 1961 ) is a British - based American academic who is Reader in English at the University of Wolverhampton and an expert on historical travel writing .
Manuela Derr , married Rödel ( born 17 July 1971 in Neubrandenburg ) is a retired East German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Shah Ahmad Noorani ( Urdu : شاہ احمد نورانی‎ ; 1 October 1926 -- 11 December 2003 , known as Allama Noorani ) , was a Pakistani Islamic scholar , philosopher , revivalist and an ultra -- conservative politician .
Nik De Dominic ( born January 1981 ) is an American poet and essayist .
Kamal Bahamdan ( born 12 February 1970 ) is a Saudi Arabian businessman and equestrian .
Ole Einar Bjørndalen ( born 27 January 1974 ) is a Norwegian professional biathlete , often referred to by the nickname `` The King of Biathlon '' .
Laila Shawa ( Born Gaza 1940 ) is a Palestinian artist .
Claudio Pollio ( born 27 May 1958 in Napoli ) is an Italian wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling .
Ivy Tresmand ( 15 December 1898 -- 2 November 1980 ) was an English soubrette who appeared mostly in musical theatre .
Gerald Zackios ( born 1965 ) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Marshall Islands between July 6 , 2001 and January 9 , 2008 .
Lucjan Zarzecki ( 1873 - -1925 ) was a Polish pedagogue and mathematician , a co - originator of national education concept .
Rasmus Sigvardt ( born 26 February 1886 ) was a mechanic from Orehoved on the Danish island of Falster .
Thando Mgqolozana ( born Cape Town , South Africa , 27 August 1983 ) is a Mandela Rhodes Scholar , a recipient of the Golden Key International Honour for Scholastic Achievement , and one of the Mail & Guardian 's Top 200 Young South Africans of 2010 .
Somdatta Sinha ( born 1951 ) is an Indian professor of biology at Indian Institute of Science Education and Research in Mohali , India .
Terry Willers ( 1935 -- 9 November 2011 ) was a noted cartoonist and animator .
Andrew Koob ( born 1976 ) is an American neuroscientist and writer .
Mathura Das Mathur ( born 6 September 1918 ) was an Indian politician from Rajasthan .
Fanuel Massingue ( born 19 December 1982 ) is Mozambican international footballer who plays for HCB Songo in Moçambola .
Wu Yingyin ( born Wu Jianqiu 吳劍秋 ; 1922 -- December 17 , 2009 ) , also romanized as Woo Ing - ing , was a Chinese singer .
Joseph Maina Mungai ( born in Kenya , 1932 ; died August 2003 ) was the first African to become Dean of the School of Medicine at the University of Nairobi .
Sir Robert Marney ( ca . 1319 - 1400 ) , of Layer Marney , Essex , and Kingsey , Buckinghamshire , was a 14th - century English politician .
Melvyn J Taub ( born 7 September 1960 ) is a London - based pop / rock singer and some - time actor , primarily known for his role as singer in 1980s bubblegum pop band The Jetset and as a part of Mari Wilson 's touring revue band The Wilsations .
Farid Zarif ( Persian : فرید ظریف‎‎ ; born 1951 ) is United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon 's Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ( UNMIK ) .
Vít Bárta ( born 5 December 1973 ) is the former Czech Minister of Transport , member and leader of the political party Public Affairs ( Věci veřejné ) .
Arnold W. G. Kean ( 1914 - -2000 ) is most noted for his contribution to the development of civil aviation law .
Matthew Douglas ( born 26 November 1976 in London ) is a retired British track and field athlete who specialised in the 400 metres hurdles .
Joan Nelson ( born 1958 , California ) is a visual artist who lives and works in upstate New York .
Per Michael Brundin ( born 5 October 1965 ) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a centre back .
José Antonio Ñíguez Vicente ( born 30 September 1962 ) , known as Boria , is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a striker .
Zhu Qi , ( Chinese : 朱启 ; born May 1942 ) is a General of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army .
Tim Weissman ( born 1970 ) is a clinical psychologist and ten - time World champion in the sport of professional Air Hockey .
Wolfgang Winkler ( born 21 October 1940 ) is a West German former luger who competed in the late 1960s .
Nicola Wheeler ( born 4 April 1974 ) is an English actress , best known for playing the role of Nicola King in ITV 's Emmerdale .
John Antoon II ( born 1946 ) is an American lawyer and Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida .
Salvador Plascencia is an American writer , born 21 December 1976 in Guadalajara , Mexico .
Christina Maranci ( born 1968 ) is an American researcher , writer , translator , historian , and Professor at Tufts University .
Asbjørn Tenden , born 9 April 1975 , is a Norwegian footballer .
David W. Petegorsky ( 1915-July 15 , 1956 ) was author of an acclaimed book on Gerrard Winstanley and the Diggers .
Jakup Krasniqi ( born 1 January 1951 ) is an Albanian politician and former acting President of Kosovo .
Clemente Peani ( 1731 - -1782 ) , also known as Clemens Peanius and Clemens di Gesù , was a member of Congregatio de Propaganda Fide who was involved in the preparation of Alphabetum grandonico - malabaricum sive samscrudonicum , published in 1772 by the congregation 's press .
Víctor Alberto Ramos ( b. 1945 ) is an Argentine geologist who has contributed to the paleogeography and plate tectonics of South America .
Eugenio Fojo y Márquez ( born 1899 ; date of death unknown ) was a Spanish rose breeder who founded `` La Florida '' in northern Spain and the Basque Country .
Alexander Khatuntsev ( born 11 February 1985 ) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental Team RusVelo .
José Felipe Voloch ( born 13 February 1963 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian mathematician who works on number theory and algebraic geometry .
Tilahun Regassa Dabe ( born 18 January 1990 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who mainly competes in road running competitions .
Nicky Hayen ( born 16 August 1980 ) is a retired Belgian professional footballer who is currently manager of KVK Tienen in the Belgian Third Division .
Harald Kujat ( born 1 March 1942 ) is a retired German General of the Luftwaffe .
Ninoska Pérez Castellón ( born 1950 ) is a prominent member of the Cuban exile community in Miami , and outspoken opponent of Fidel and Raul Castro .
Ihsan Ali Al - Shehbaz , Ph.D. ( born 1939 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi American botanist who works as Adjunct Professor at University of Missouri - St . Louis and Senior Curator at Missouri Botanical Garden .
Tapovan Maharaj ( 1889 - -1957 ) was a Hindu Sannyasi and Vedanta scholar .
Joeri Vastmans ( born 5 December 1983 ) is a Belgian professional footballer , who is currently playing for Bocholt .
Dato ' Syed Amin Aljeffri ( born 10 November 1947 in Sungai Petani ) is a Malaysian entrepreneur .
Darren Wershler , aka Darren Wershler - Henry , ( b. 1966 ) is a Canadian experimental poet , non - fiction writer and cultural critic .
Ali Dad ( born 1964 ) is a former Afghan wrestler , who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event , but was suspended after testing positive for diuretics .
Lajos Mecser ( born 23 September 1942 ) is a retired Hungarian long - distance runner who won two European championships medals in 1966 - -67 .
Na Kyung - won ( 나경원 , born 6 December 1963 ) is a South Korean politician and lawyer .
Roger Wilmut ( born 1942 in Stratford Upon Avon , Warwickshire ) is a British writer and compiler of books on British comedy .
Blessed Rosa Maria Benedetta Gattorno Custo ( 14 October 1831 -- 6 May 1900 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic who was widowed and later became a nun .
Yvonne Wartiainen ( born in 1976 ) is a Norwegian painter .
Bruce Lloyd , AM ( born 24 February 1937 ) is an Australian retired politician .
Justin Putuhena ' ( born 12 May 1986 ) , better known as Justin Prime , is a Dutch progressive and electro house DJ and music producer .
Elsebeth Budolfsen ( born 8 March 1947 ) is a Danish pharmacist and business executive .
Chris Simcox ( born 1961 ) is the American co - founder of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps ( MCDC ) and the project 's main spokesperson .
Suttirat Anne Larlarb ( born 1971 ) is an American costume designer , art director and production designer .
Neil Harbisson ( born 27 July 1982 ) is a Catalan - raised , British - born contemporary artist and cyborg activist based in New York .
Milton Orkopoulos ( born 22 July 1957 ) is a former New South Wales state politician .
Baron Gaetano di Ventimiglia ( 1888 - 1973 ) was an Italian cinematographer who worked in the Italian and British film industries during the silent era .
Lucy Harth Smith ( 1888 to September 22 , 1955 ) was an educator , writer and activist who worked to challenge inequality in the Kentucky public school system .
John Joseph Hirth ( French : Jean - Joseph Hirth ; 26 March 1854 -- 6 January 1931 ) was a Catholic Bishop in German East Africa , known as the founder of the church in Rwanda .
Rebecca Enonchong ( born 1967 ) is a Cameroonian born technology entrepreneur and also the founder and CEO of AppsTech .
Richard Hancox ( born 4 October 1968 ) is an English former professional footballer , .
Efraim Shalom ( Hebrew : אפרים שלום‎ , born 17 January 1934 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1984 and 1988 .
Jesús Clavería Domínguez ( born 4 January 1968 ) is a Spanish former futsal player , best known for his spell with Inter Movistar as a goalkeeper .
Marvin Martin ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁ.vin maʁ.tɛ̃ ) ; born 10 January 1988 ) is a French international footballer who currently plays for French club Lille in Ligue 1 .
Brian Flaherty ( born 3 March 1991 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute right wing - back for the Galway senior team .
Andrew Deutsch ( born 1968 ) is a sound artist who also teaches at the New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University .
Dino Zamparelli ( born 5 October 1992 ) is a British racing driver , born to English parents and with Italian ancestry .
Jean Pigozzi ( born 1952 ) is a businessman , art collector , philanthropist and photographer .
Hugo Spowers ( born 1960 ) is a British entrepreneur - engineer who co - ordinated the development of the Morgan LIFEcar sports car project that was launched at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2008 , and the Riversimple Urban Car .
Vera Sidika ( born 30 September 1989 ) , also known as Vee Beiby , is a Kenyan television and social media personality , fashion model , video vixen entrepreneur and socialite .
Evgeni Yanchovski ( Bulgarian : Евгени Янчовски ) ( born 5 September 1939 ) is a former Bulgarian football player and manager .
Robert Huth ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʁoːbɛʁt ˈhuːt ) ; born 18 August 1984 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Leicester City .
Willard Myron Allen ( 1904 -- 1993 ) was an American gynecologist .
Prophet Kiowa Costonie was born in 1903 on an Indian reservation in Salt Lake City , Utah .
General Costică Silion ( born 29 September 1955 in Pechea , Galați County ) is a Romanian general .
Daniele Ferrazza ( born 16 March 1993 ) is an Italian curler .
Norman Gaylord ( 1923 -- September 18 , 2007 ) was an American industrial chemist and research scientist credited with playing a key role in the development of the gas - permeable rigid contact lens which allows oxygen to reach the wearer 's cornea .
Willie Kilmarnock ( 1922 -- 2009 ) was a Scottish football player who most notably captained Motherwell 's 1952 Scottish Cup winning team .
Peter O'Shaughnessy OAM ( 5 October 1923 -- 17 July 2013 ) was an Australian actor , theatre director , producer and writer who presented the work of playwrights ranging from Shakespeare , Shaw , Ibsen , Strindberg , Chekhov to modern dramatists , such as Ionesco , Pinter and Beckett .
Said Suwailim Al - Shoon commonly known as Said Al - Shoon ( Arabic : سعيد سويلم الشون‎ ; born on 28 August 1983 ) is an Omani football manager who is the current manager of Fanja SC U-23 .
Vijay Kichlu ( Kashmiri : विजय किचलू ( Devanagari ) , وجے کچلو ( Nastaleeq ) ) ( 1930- ) is an Indian classical singer .
Ahmad Moftizadeh ( 1933 - -1993 ) ( Kurdish:کاکه ئه حمدی موفتی زاده-Kak Ahmed Moftizadeh Persian : علامہ احمد مفتی زاده ) was an influential political and religious thinker among the Sunni Kurdish minority in Iranian Kurdistan .
Kristian Eivind Espedal ( born 7 August 1975 ) , better known by his stage name Gaahl , is a Norwegian vocalist .
Lars Cleveman ( born 16 June 1958 ) is a Swedish musician and opera singer .
Tan Xiao ( Chinese : 檀啸 ; pinyin : Tán Xiào ; born 10 March 1993 ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Elvin Duval Dalphinis Smith ( born 5 April 1981 , London , England ) also known as Elviin , is a British songwriter and artist manager from South London .
Denis Azabagić ( born 1972 in Tuzla , Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian classical guitarist who performs as a soloist , in chamber settings , with orchestras , and with his wife , the Spanish Flutist Eugenia Moliner , as the Cavatina Duo .
Beilby Lawley , 3rd Baron Wenlock GCSI GCIE KCB VD PC ( 12 May 1849 -- 15 January 1912 ) was a British soldier , Liberal politician and colonial administrator who was the Governor of Madras from 1891 to 1896 .
Sarah Mahboob Khan ( born 9 February 1991 ) is a Pakistani tennis player who is the leading player in her country and who has reached the furthest for players from her country in international tournaments .
Carolyn Coman ( born October 28 , 1951 ) is an American writer best known for children 's books .
Dorothea Mitchell ( 1877 - -1976 ) , also known as Lady Lumberjack , was a pioneer filmmaker in Canada .
Dr. Jagannathrao Hegde ( born 1943 ) was the former Sheriff of Mumbai .
Zenon Jaskuła ( born 4 June 1962 ) is a Polish former professional racing cyclist from Śrem , who was active in the 1990s .
Franco Grilla ( born July 21 , 1970 ) is a former American football placekicker who played three seasons in the Arena Football League with the Albany Firebirds and Orlando Predators .
Abdul Hafiz Mansoor ( also spelled Mansur , born in 1963 in the Panjsher Valley ) is an Afghan politician .
Alexander Kasjanov ( Russian : Александр Владимирович Касьянов , born 30 September 1983 ) is a Russian bobsledder who has competed since 2006 .
Fu Wenjun ( Chinese : 傅文俊 ; pinyin : Fù Wénjùn , born 1955 ) graduated from Sichuan Fine Arts Institute .
Hanna Lindberg ( 28 August 1865 - 2 January 1951 ) was a Swedish Municipal Politician ( liberal ) , feminist and milliner .
Maulana Wahiduddin Khan ( born 1 January 1925 ) is a noted Islamic scholar and peace activist .
Derrick Spiva ( born Derrick Spiva Jr ; 19 November 1982 ) is a musician , composer , teacher , and conductor based in the Los Angeles area who often integrates world music practices in his work with classical music communities .
Mario Gooden ( Born 1965 ) is a principal and founder of Huff + Gooden Architects .
Margo Gunn born 8 February 1956 in Doncaster , West Riding of Yorkshire , England , is an English actress and a fully qualified Drama teacher of Drama and Theatre Studies .
András Ágoston ( Serbian : Андраш Агоштон , Andraš Agošton ) ( born 1944 ) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Serbia and leader of Democratic Party of Vojvodina Hungarians .
Roy Oxlade ( 13 January 1929 -- 15 February 2014 ) was an English painter , writer on art , and an art educator .
Athina Rachel Tsangari ( Greek : Αθηνά Τσαγγάρη ; born 2 April 1966 ) is a Greek filmmaker and projection designer who has worked on projects such as the 2004 Olympic Games .
Vanessa DiMauro ( born 1967 ) is a community builder and researcher whose work focuses on the role learning and decision - making play in online environments .
Eivind Hjelmtveit ( born 16 August 1926 ) is a Norwegian cultural administrator .
Prisca Coborn ( 1622 - 1701 ) was a wealthy widow ( her husband was a brewer ) who established a coeducational school in Bow in 1701 , namely Coborn School for Girls through the terms of her will ( dated 6 May 1701 ) .
Lucas Domínguez Irarrázabal ( born 27 October 1989 in Santiago ) , better known as Lucas Domínguez , is a Chilean professional who plays for Palestino as a Centre back in the Spanish Segunda División .
Johnny Brenner ( born 1971 ) is a retired Irish hurling midfielder who formerly played with De La Salle GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter - county level .
Kane Elgey ( born 14 January 1994 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League .
Pedro Pablo Treviño Villarreal ( born 13 June 1972 in Monterrey , Nuevo León ) is a Mexican lawyer and politician who served as state secretary of Labor in Nuevo León from 2010 until 2012 .
Robin van der Laan ( born Robertus Petrus van der Laan on 5 September 1968 ) is a Dutch former footballer who spent most of his senior career in English football .
Miloud Abaoub ( born 23 April 1977 ) is a retired Algerian middle distance runner .
Peterson Goodwyn ( 1745 -- February 21 , 1818 ) was a soldier , politician and planter from Virginia .
Philip Ashton ( 1702 - 1746 ) stayed as a castaway on uninhabited Roatan Island in the Bay of Honduras for 16 months in 1723/1724 .
Minerva Bernardino ( 1907 -- August 29 , 1998 ) was a diplomat from the Dominican Republic who promoted women 's rights internationally , and is best known as one of the four women to sign the original charter of the United Nations .
Mohammad Mozammel Huq ( Mohammed Mozammel Huq , born 1860 ) was one of the greatest poets in Bengal .
Andrés J. d'Alessio ( 1940 - -2009 ) was an academic , lawyer , and an Argentine judge .
Rafael Galhardo de Souza ( born 30 October 1991 ) , known as Rafael Galhardo or simply Galhardo , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Belgian club Anderlecht .
Boris Bershteyn ( born 1977 ) is an Obama administration official who until June 2013 had served as acting Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs .
Apinya Sakuljaroensuk is a Thai actress born on 27 May 1990 .
Tal Wilkenfeld ( born 2 December 1986 ) is an Australian bass guitarist who has gained worldwide attention performing alongside some of rock and jazz music 's most notable artists .
Swami Shilananda ( born Peter Julia in 1925 ) is a Spanish Jesuit missionary who had lived in India since 1948 .
Born on April , 23rd 1970 , Gee Bayss , of his real name Georges Martin Lopez , made his first steps in music as a club DJ organising and animating special nights in clubs .
Pete Cashmore ( born 18 September 1985 ) is the CEO and founder of the popular blog Mashable , a Technorati Top 10 blog worldwide .
Juan Antonio Flecha Giannoni ( born 17 September 1977 ) is an Argentine - born Spanish former professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2000 and 2013 .
Ken Krueger ( 1926 - November 21 , 2009 ) was an American publisher and retailer .
Sir Kedarnath Das CIE , MD ( 1867 - -1936 ) was a prominent obstetrician and medical educator of India from Calcutta .
Bergþóra Árnadóttir ( 15 February 1948 -- 8 March 2007 ) was an Icelandic folk song composer and singer .
Thomson Chan Tam - Sun ( Chinese : 陳譚新 ; Jyutping : can4 taam4 san1 ; born 8 May 1941 ) is a retired football referee from Hong Kong .
Dean Winstanley ( born 10 February 1981 ) is an English darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Lyman Stewart ( July 22 , 1840 - -September 28 , 1923 ) was a U.S. businessman and co - founder of Union Oil , which eventually became Unocal .
Kathleen Wendy Herald Peyton , MBE ( born 2 August 1929 ) , who writes primarily as K. M. Peyton , is a British author of fiction for children and young adults .
Casely ( born Jean - Carlos Casely 30 November 1985 ) is an American Pop artist from Miami , Florida .
Vic Seipke ( born 23 April 1932 ) is an American bodybuilder .
Moon Byung - woo ( Hangul : 문병우 ; born 3 May 1986 ) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Daejeon Korail FC .
Dyango , born José Gómez Romero on March 5 , 1940 in Barcelona , is a Catalan musician .
Joel Levine ( born 1942 ) is the author of The Corruption of Michael Levitt .
Mohammad Ghouse ( 15 March 1931 -- 29 September 2014 ) was a cricket umpire known for umpiring Test and One Day International matches .
Charles Edoa Nga ( born 17 May 1990 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a striker for Al - Orobah FC in the Saudi Professional League
Archer Thompson Gurney ( 1820 - -1887 ) was a Church of England clergyman and hymn writer .
Keith William MacLellan ( 1920 - -1998 ) was a soldier , scholar and Canadian diplomat who helped to shape Canada 's post war multi - lateral foreign policy and championed the cause of a federal , united , Canada .
James C. Olson ( Bradgate , Iowa , 1917 -- August 17 , 2005 ) was an American author and school administrator whose duties included being president of the University of Missouri System .
Gábor Dvorschák ( born 14 September 1989 ) is a Hungarian Defender who is currently play for Haladás .
Suzen Johnson ( born February 1951 ) is a former flight attendant , businesswoman and model .
Sunil Kanoria was born in Kolkata in an Indian Hindu Marwari family on 4 May 1965 .
Gary Maloney ( born 1958 ) is an American political consultant specializing in research , strategy , media and debating for candidates of the Republican National Party .
Forbes Benignus Winslow DCL , FRCP Edin . , MRCP , MRCS , MD , ( 10 August 1810 - -3 March 1874 ) was a British psychiatrist , author and an authority on lunacy during the Victorian era .
Vlastimil Picek ( 25 October 1956 ) is a Czech soldier and politician .
Thomas John Shillea , ( b. 1947 ) is an American artist , specializing in a variety of media including painting and photography .
Ihor Pavlyuk ( sometimes spelled as Ihor Pawlyuk , Igor Pavlyk , Igor Pavluk ; Ukrainian : І́гор Зино́війович Павлю́к , Russian : Игорь Зиновьевич Павлюк , born 1 January 1967 in Uzhova , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian writer and research worker .
Federica Falzon ( born 17 February 2003 ) is a Maltese operatic pop singer .
Becky Minger ( born 1987 ) is an American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Ohio 2010 and competed in the Miss America 2011 Pageant on January 15 , 2011 , in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Novruz Mammadov ( born 15 March 1947 ) is an Azerbaijani professor of French .
Scott Garnham ( born 22 February 1985 ) is a British professional theatre and TV actor .
Laudya Chintya Bella or commonly called Bella ( born 24 February 1988 ) is an Indonesian pop singer , actress , and soap opera star of Sundanese descent .
Commodore Khalid Mahmood Hussain ( born 1927 ) , HJ , best known as Commodore K.M. Hussain , is a 1-Star rank naval officer and a war veteran , who is known for his participation in Indo - Pakistani wars and conflicts .
Jerry Berger ( born June 30 , 1933 ) is an American former press agent , journalist and public relations ( PR ) practitioner .
Roy Kennedy , Baron Kennedy of Southwark ( born 9 November 1962 ) , is a British Labour Co - operative Party politician and life peer .
Zhu Zhi ( 156 - -224 ) , courtesy name Junli , was a military general serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han Dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period .
Ruth Horam ( Hebrew : רות הורם ; born 1931 , Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli painter and sculptor .
Dick Kaysø , ( born 13 February 1947 ) is a Danish actor .
Pang Qingnian ( simplified Chinese : 庞青年 ; traditional Chinese : 龐青年 ; born 1956 ) is a Chinese businessman and owner of Youngman Inc. He was born in Zhejiang province .
Masae Komiya ( born in Fukuoka on 8 May 1975 ) is a Japanese goalball player with a congenital visual impairment .
Claudio Tencati ( born 9 December 1973 ) , is a Brazilian football manager , currently in charge of Londrina .
Humberto Fontova ( born 1954 ) is a Cuban - American author , blogger , political commentator , and conservative polemicist .
Herb Roe ( born 1974 ) is a painter of large scale outdoor murals and classical realist oil paintings .
Du Mingxin ( Chinese : 杜鸣心 ; pinyin : Dù Míngxīn ; born 1928 ) is a Chinese composer known for his work on ballets , concertos and a symphonic Beijing Opera .
Viktor Mokhov ( born 22 June 1950 in Skopin , Ryazan Oblast ) is a Russian criminal who in 2000 kidnapped 2 girls , 14 and 17 years old , and kept them in a basement for almost 4 years .
Richard Risley Carlisle ( 1814 - -1874 ) was an American gymnast and acrobat who often performed as Professor Risley .
Stuart Cochrane ( born 20 July 1978 ) is a former AFL footballer who played for both North Melbourne Kangaroos and Port Adelaide Power .
Sargon Duran ( born 31 January 1987 ) is an ethnic Assyrian professional Austrian footballer who currently plays for 1 .
Joseph F. King ( born c. 1948 ) is a former senior US Customs agent and criminal justice academic .
Mose Durst ( born 1939 ) is an author , educator , and the former president of the Unification Church of the United States .
José Mariano de Conceição Vellozo ( also called José Mariano da Conceição Velloso ) ( 1742 -- 1811 ) was a Brazilian botanist who catalogued specimens , for example :
Mary Brown Austin ( 1768 - -1824 ) had dramatic influence on early Texas history .
David Asman ( /ˈæzmən/ ; born 1954 in Hollis , New York ) is an American television news anchor for the Fox Business Network and the Fox News Channel .
Bruce Quarrie ( 1947 in London -- September 4 , 2004 ) was an English author and historian .
Erkin Koray ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈeɾcin ˈkoɾaɪ̯ ) , born 24 June 1941 ) is a Turkish singer - songwriter , guitarist and one of the pioneers of Anatolian rock .
Grzegorz Miśtal ( born 19 January 1973 in Kraków ) - Polish movie actor and TV actor , and theater actor .
Muhammad Zaid Patel ( born 4 January 1994 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) striker who plays for Bidvest Wits .
Laure Thibaud ( born 2 July 1978 ) is a French former synchronized swimmer .
Steven Vogel ( April 7 , 1940 -- November 24 , 2015 ) was an American biomechanics researcher , the James B. Duke professor in the Department of Biology at Duke University .
James Stitt ( 1804 - -November 23 , 1891 ) was High Constable of Toronto .
James Costley ( 1862 -- 1931 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Everton .
Josef Wilhelm ( 1892 -- 1956 ) was a Swiss gymnast and Olympic Champion .
Garen Ewing ( born 1969 , England ) is an illustrator , designer and most notably a comic creator , being the writer and illustrator of The Adventures of Julius Chancer - The Rainbow Orchid .
Roland A. Steiner ( ca . 1840 - January 12 , 1906 ) was a physician , planter , folklorist , and amateur archaeologist who resided in Georgia for most of his life .
Ellen Biddle Shipman ( 1869 - -1950 ) was an American landscape architect known for her formal gardens and lush planting style .
Prithu Baskota ( Nepali : पृथु बाँसकोटा ) ( born 5 July 1992 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Sun Shenglu ( Chinese : 孙生禄 , 1928 in Dingxing County , Hebei - December 3 , 1952 ) was a MiG-15 pilot of the People 's Republic of China .
Shadi Ghosheh ( born 5 December 1987 ) is a football player who plays for Monopoli .
Liu Guanglong ( born 1958 ) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in North China 's Shanxi province .
Richard Grelling ( 11 June 1853 − 14 January 1929 ) was a German lawyer , writer and pacifist .
Slobodan Trninić ( born 14 January 1953 ) is an award - winning Croatian cinematographer .
Linda S. Dalianis ( born 1948 ) is the current Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court and the first woman to serve on that court .
Gino Felixdaal ( born 5 January 1990 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club .
Matt Bowman ( born 1969 ) is an American professional wrestler , best known by his ring name `` Wiseguy '' Jimmy Cicero , who has worked for the United States Wrestling Association , Extreme Championship Wrestling , the World Wrestling Federation and various other promotions on the independent circuit .
Alex Ingram ( born 2 January 1945 ) is a former professional footballer , who spent most of his career at Ayr United and since 2008 has been the vice chairman of Ayr United .
Thandi Modise ( born 25 December 1959 , Vryburg ) is a South African politician , currently serving as chairperson of the National Council of Provinces .
Martin A. Siegel ( born 1948 ) is a former respected investment banker who became embroiled in the insider trading scandals of the 1980s , alongside Ivan Boesky and Michael Milken .
Rasmus Marvits ( born 14 July 1978 ) is a former Danish professional football defender , who last played for the Danish Superliga side Lyngby BK .
Martin McDonnell ( 27 April 1924 -- 13 April 1988 ) was an English footballer who played as a centre half .
Sossina M. Haile ( born 1966 ) is an Ethiopian - American chemist .
Thomas Geoffry Lucas ( 6 June 1872 -- 3 October 1947 ) , generally known as Geoffry Lucas , but often found incorrectly spelt as Geoffrey Lucas , was a 20th - century English architect .
Karl Bricker ( born 21 December 1923 ) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the 1940s and in the 1950s .
Satyapal Chandra ( सत्यपाल चन्द्रा ستیاپال چندرا ) born 1 November 1987 is an Indian author , Entrepreneur , director , screenwriter , lyricist and motivational speaker .
Bob Jessop FAcSS ( born 3 March 1946 ) is a British academic and writer who has published extensively on state theory and political economy .
Angelo Panelli ( c. 1887 -- c. 1967 ) was an Italian stamp forger , operating from Sanremo in the 1920s and 30s .
Jimmy Turnbull ( born 23 May 1884 in Bannockburn ) was a Scottish football player .
Marilyn Wann ( born 1966 ) is an American author and an activist in the fat acceptance movement .
Peter Chambers ( born 14 March 1990 ) is a British rower , and is the brother of fellow rower Richard Chambers .
Veli Karahoda ( born 4 January 1968 ) is an Albanian writer , poet , novelist and essayist .
Terézia Mora ( ( ˈtɛreːziɒ ˈmorɒ ) ; born 5 February 1971 ) is a Hungarian writer , screenwriter and translator .
August Möbs ( 8 August 1908 -- 4 February 1944 ) was a German footballer .
Ljubodrag Milošević ( Macedonian : Љубодраг Милошевиќ ; born 12 November 1969 ) is a retired Macedonian international football player and coach .
Craig Silvey ( born 1982 ) is an Australian novelist and musician .
Luke Burton ( born 17 February 1994 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays for the Western Force in Super Rugby .
Brendan McWilliams ( 7 August 1944 -- 22 October 2007 ) was an Irish meteorologist and science writer .
Jorge José Emiliano dos Santos ( 19 March 1954 ) is a Brazilian football referee , known for his flamboyant style .
Guillermo Owen ( born 1938 ) is a Colombian mathematician , and Professor of Applied Mathematics at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey , California , known for his work in Game Theory .
Yassin Moutaouakil ( Arabic : ياسين المتوكل‎ ; born 18 July 1986 ) is a French footballer of Moroccan descent .
Prince Janusz Wiśniowiecki ( 1598 - -1636 ) was Polish nobleman , koniuszy wielki koronny ( i.e. High Royal Equerry ) from 1633 , starost of Krzemieniec .
Ivo Ferriani ( born 5 March 1960 ) is an Italian bobsledder and sports official .
Irene Luxbacher , born December 10 , 1970 in Toronto , Canada is an artist , an author and children 's book illustrator .
Antonio Azzopardi ( 25 January 1805 - 23 January 1881 ) was the first Maltese free settler in Australia He was born in Zejtun , Malta to Angelo Azzopardi ( merchant ) and Euphemia Cachia and emigrated to Victoria on board the Mary Hay in 1839 .
Erich Schiffmann ( born 1953 in Los Angeles , California ) is an accomplished American Yoga Master widely known for his award - winning video , Yoga Mind & Body , featuring actress Ali MacGraw .
Shahar Banu Begum ( 1663 -- ? ) better known as Padshah Bibi , was Empress consort of the Mughal Empire as the third and last wife of Emperor Muhammad Azam Shah .
Leon Gardikiotis ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Γαρδικιώτης , born 27 February 1964 ) is a Greek - Australian soccer coach and retired player .
Louis Nicollin ( born 29 June 1943 ) , is a French entrepreneur and director of the Nicollin Company , which specializes in the collection and reprocessing of household and industrial waste .
Jirapong Meenapra ( Thai : จิระพงศ์ มีนาพระ ; RTGS : Chiraphong Minaphra , born 11 May 1993 ) is a Thai sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres .
Jane Symons ( born 1959 ) is an Australian media consultant , journalist and author based in London .
Jennifer Ness ( born in Cheshire , England in 1972 ) is an English actress best known for her role as Kris Yates in the ITV drama Bad Girls .
Václav Zapletal ( born 30 August 1985 ) is a retired professional Czech football player who played in the Czech First League for FC Tescoma Zlín .
Miao Wei ( Chinese : 苗圩 ; born May 1955 ) is a politician and business executive of the People 's Republic of China .
JonOne ( born John Andrew Perello , 1963 ) , also known as Jon156 , is an American graffiti artist .
Åke Parmerud ( born 24 July 1953 ) is a Swedish composer , musician , and multimedia artist noted for his acoustic and electronic works , which have been performed mostly in Europe , Mexico , and Canada .
Allan de Noronha ( born 1951 ) , commonly called Chhotebhai , is an Indian writer who was president of the All India Catholic Union ( AICU ) from 1990 to 1994 .
Milorad Zečević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милорад Зечевић ; born 26 October 1972 ) is a Serbian retired footballer who spent most of his career playing with FK Smederevo .
Menhaj Huda ( born 20 March 1967 ) is a Bangladesh - born British film and television director and producer best known for the film Kidulthood .
Chamara Kantha Kapugedera ( Sinhalese : චාමර කාන්ත කපුගෙදර ; or commonly Chamara Kapugedera , born 24 February 1987 in Kandy ) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer plays for ODIs and T20Is .
Sanne van Kerkhof ( born 27 March 1987 ) is a Dutch short track speed skater .
Daráine Mulvihill ( Irish : Daráine Ní Mhaolmhichil ) ( born c. 1983 ) is an Irish television personality .
Oľga Keltošová ( née Suchalová ; 27 February 1943 in Pezinok ) is a former Slovak politician .
Granit Taropin was born in the city of Peltun on North Sakhalin Island in Russia on February 23 , 1940 .
Paul Couillard ( born 1961 ) is a Canadian performance artist and new media artist , writer and curator .
Jeff Ranieri ( born in 1978 ) is a Chief Meteorologist for NBC O&O station KNTV in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Caesar Otway ( 1780 - -1842 ) was born at Castle Otway near Nenagh , Co. Tipperary , Ireland in 1780 .
Bohdan Nikishyn ( Ukrainian : Богдан Сергійович Нікішин ; born 29 May 1980 ) is a Ukrainian épée fencer , team gold medallist in the 2015 World Fencing Championships and team silver medallist in the 2010 European Fencing Championships .
Denny Gigliotti ( born 20 July 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Defender .
Scott Tixier ( born 26 February 1986 ) is an award - winning French jazz violinist and a recording artist .
James Preller ( born February 1 , 1961 ) is an American writer of children 's books including Bystander , Six Innings , and the Jigsaw Jones Mysteries .
Astrid Muñoz ( born 1974 ) is a Puerto Rican model turned photographer .
Daniel Richler ( born 1957 ) is a Canadian arts and pop culture broadcaster and writer .
Paolo Monaldi ( 1710 -- after 1779 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque or Rococo style , known for painting Bambocciata , or genre scenes of public activities .
Charles Konan Banny ( born 11 November 1942 ) was Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from 7 December 2005 until 4 April 2007 .
Jubril Martins - Kuye ( born 16 August 1942 ) was appointed Nigerian minister of Commerce and Industry on 6 April 2010 , when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet .
Margaret Clement or Clements ( 1508 - -1570 ) , née Giggs , was one of the most learned women of the Tudor era and the foster daughter of Sir Thomas More .
Francis Tebbs Havergal ( 1829 - -1890 ) , author and editor .
Fauzia Kasuri ( Urdu : فوزیہ قصوری‎ , born 8 September 1952 ) is a Pakistani politician and is one of the central figures of Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf .
Rie Takaki ( 高木 理江 Takaki Rie , born 9 August 1983 ) is a former Japanese volleyball player who played for JT Marvelous .
Donovan Carlos Saverio Slijngard ( born 28 August 1987 ) , simply known as Donovan Slijngard ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈslɛiŋɣɑrt ) ) , is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Lithuanian A Lyga club Žalgiris Vilnius .
Wagih Aziz ( Arabic : وجيه عزيز‎ ) ( born 1961 ) is an Egyptian composer and singer who has had his debut back in 1988 .
Ralph Bates ( 12 February 1940 -- 27 March 1991 ) was an English film and television actor , known for his role in the British sitcom Dear John and for being one of Hammer Horror 's best - known actors from the latter period of the company .
Delroy Thompson ( born 12 April 1965 ) , better known by his stage name Pinchers , is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall artist .
Philip Manley Boyce ( born 20 September 1949 ) is an Australian psychiatrist .
Cleo Sylvestre ( born 19 April 1945 ) is an English actress in film , stage and television .
Dusan Aleksic ( born 7 April 1991 in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a water polo player of Canada .
Malcolm Eccles ( born 1969 in Whitehaven , Cumbria ) is a utilities senior executive .
Vance Peterson ( born in 1953 ) is a retired United States Army lieutenant colonel and a district court judge in Spokane County , Washington .
Brian Barwick ( born 21 June 1954 ) , is an English sports administrator who serves as the Chairman of the Rugby Football League ( RFL ) and Super League Europe Ltd and is a Board member of the Rugby League International Federation ( RLIF ) .
Rodrigo Pallares ( Quito , 1925 -- February 7 , 2009 ) was an Ecuadorian architect and promoter of Ecuadorian culture .
Arthur Edward Jeune `` James '' Collins ( 18 August 1885 -- 11 November 1914 ) , typically now known by his initials A. E. J. Collins , was an English cricketer and soldier .
Tolgay Özbey ( born 12 April 1986 ) is an Australian soccer player , who currently plays for Rockdale City Suns in the National Premier Leagues NSW as a Striker .
Josphat Kiprono Menjo ( born 20 August 1979 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who specialises in track and road running .
Paul - René Albertini ( 1964 ) is a global music industry executive .
Harry Crandall ( 1879 - -1937 ) was an American businessman , who owned a theater empire .
Andrew Kötting ( born on 16 December 1959 ) is a British artist , writer and film - maker .
William V , Duke of Jülich ( c. 1299 -- 25/26 February 1361 ) was a German nobleman .
Antoon Stillemans ( 10 December 1832 , Sint - Niklaas -- 5 November 1916 , Ghent ) was a Belgian bishop .
Sean Kearns ( born 24 December 1968 in North Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a filmmaker , producer and entrepreneur who gained public attention during the late ' 80s and early ' 90s as a professional snowboarder and a sponsored skateboarder .
John H. Walton ( born 1952 ) is professor of Old Testament at Wheaton College .
Frederick Stuart Greene ( 1870 - March 26 , 1939 ) , was Superintendent of Public Works of New York State .
Ehud Ratzabi ( Hebrew : אהוד רצאבי‎‎ , born 30 July 1953 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui between 2003 and 2006 .
Murad Hüseynov ( Azerbaijani : Murad Hüseynov , born 25 January 1989 ) is an Azerbaijani football player who last played for the Latvian Higher League club Daugava Daugavpils .
Mikey Cuthbert ( born July 1972 , Southend on Sea ) is an English singer - songwriter still based in Essex .
Aliaksei Abalmasau ( or Aleksey Abalmasov , Belarusian : Аляксей Абалмасаў , born 20 June 1980 ) is a Belarusian sprint canoer who has competed since 1998 .
Larisa Alexandrovna ( born 1971 ) is a journalist , essayist , and poet .
Karolína Kurková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkaroliːna ˈkurkovaː ) ; born 28 February 1984 ) , also Karolina Kurkova , is a Czech model , best known as a former Victoria 's Secret Angel , and actress .
Frances Pitsilis ( born 2 May 1959 ) , also known as Dr. Frances , is an integrated medicine doctor and radio and television personality .
Pietro De Negri , better known as Er Canaro ( Roman dialect : `` the dog keeper '' ; born 28 September 1956 ) , is an Italian criminal , a dog coiffeur ( hence the nickname ) and a cocaine addict .
Arpinder Singh ( 30 December 1992 ) is an Indian triple jumper .
Philippa of Dreux , Dame de Coucy ( 1192 - -1242 ) was a daughter of Robert II of Dreux and his second wife Yolande de Coucy .
Magnus Isacsson ( 1948 - August 2 , 2012 ) was a Canadian documentary filmmaker whose films investigated contemporary political issues and topics in social activism .
Yigal Naor ( Hebrew : יגאל נאור‎ ; born 1958 ) is an Israeli actor .
Myriam El Khomri ( born 18 February 1978 ) is a French politician , the current Minister of Labour .
Vincenzo Musolino ( 9 May 1930 -- 9 May 1969 ) was an Italian actor , director , producer and screenwriter .
Gwendolyn Yates Whittle ( born 1961 ) is a two - time Academy Award nominated sound editor .
Francis Russell , 4th Earl of Bedford PC ( 1593 -- 9 May 1641 ) was an English politician .
Peter Cloke ( born 2 July 1951 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and North Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Mitchell Clegg ( born 12 November 1990 ) is an Australian darts player .
Himanshi Shelat ( 8 January 1947 ) is Gujarati author .
Dirang Moloi ( born 28 November 1985 ) is a Botswana international footballer , who plays for DR Congolese club CS Don Bosco in the Linafoot .
Ileana Stana - Ionescu ( born 14 September 1936 in Brad , Hunedoara ) is a Romanian actress and politician .
Mark Bolton ( born 3 April 1979 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer .
William Hanes ( born 24 January 1974 in Kentucky , U.S. ) is an American sledder from Kasilof , Alaska , USA .
Rear Admiral Richard John Lippiett CB CBE DL ( born 7 July 1949 ) is a former senior Royal Navy officer who became Commandant of the Joint Services Command and Staff College .
Juan Bilbao Mintegi , known as Juanín ( born 16 September 1900 ) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a forward .
Helen Anker ( born 1972 , Banbury , Oxfordshire ) is an actress and singer who trained at the Royal Ballet School and Bird College .
Brandon Williams ( born 1984 ) , better known by his stage name Urban Mystic , is an American Hip hop soul singer .
David Sandlin ( born 1956 ) is a Northern Irish - born American artist .
Lieutenant Colonel Eugene K. Bird ( 11 March 1926 -- October 28 , 2005 ) was US Commandant of the Spandau Allied Prison from 1964 to 1972 where , together with six others , Deputy Führer Rudolf Hess was incarcerated .
Gudmund Skjeldal ( born 4 September 1970 ) is a Norwegian cross - country skier and writer .
Fabrizio Barbazza ( born 2 April 1963 ) is an Italian former Formula One driver who raced for the AGS and Minardi teams and was the 1987 Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year .
Meriol Trevor ( 15 April 1919 -- 12 January 2000 ) was one of the most prolific Roman Catholic women writers of the twentieth century .
Robert Brasseur ( 19 November 1870 -- 15 February 1934 ) was a Luxembourgish politician , jurist , and journalist .
Hartmut Hegeler ( born 11 June 1946 in Bremen ) is a German Protestant pastor and author , who is engaged to exonerate the victims of the witch hunt in Europe and has a homepage about Anton Praetorius .
Sally Carr ( born 28 March 1945 ) is a Scottish singer , best known as the lead singer of the 1970s pop group Middle of the Road .
Adrian Pecknold ( 1920 - -1999 ) was a Canadian mime , director , and author of the book Mime :
Dr. Michael T. McGuire ( born 1929 ) is an American psychiatrist who has made contributions to the theory of psychoanalysis , biological psychiatry , evolutionary biology , sociobiology and the theory and practice of psychiatry .
Neville Sayers ( born 19 January 1927 ) is an Australian former modern pentathlete and sports shooter .
Alexey Gogua ( Abkhaz : Алықьса Ноча-иҧа Гәагәуа ; born 15 March 1932 in Gup village , Ochamchira District , Abkhaz SSR ) is an Abkhaz writer .
Murat Günak born 9 August 1957 in Istanbul , is the former head designer of Volkswagen .
Sharon Bayes ( later Speers , born 5 February 1965 ) is a Canadian former field hockey goalkeeper .
Joey ten Berge ( born 18 October 1985 in The Hague ) is a Dutch darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments .
Joss Naylor , MBE ( born on 10 February 1936 at Wasdale Head ) is an English fell runner , and a sheep farmer , living in the English Lake District .
Hajji Raden Mochtar ( born 1918 ) , often credited as Rd Mochtar , was an Indonesian actor .
Annie Baker ( born April 1981 ) is an American playwright and teacher who won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for her play The Flick .
Tomoko Konoike ( 鴻池朋子 ) ( born Akita , Japan , 1960 ) is a Japanese artist .
Lindsay Hyde ( born 1982 ) is the founder and President of Strong Women , Strong Girls , Inc. ( SWSG ) , a Massachusetts - based not - for - profit organization that helps at - risk girls in grades 3 - 5 build positive self - esteem and skills .
Ingrid Caven ( born 3 August 1938 ) is a German film actress and singer .
James Ambrosini ( born Brisbane , 5 June 1991 ) is an Australian - born Italian rugby union player .
Raul Usupov ( Georgian : რაულ უსუფოვი / Raul Usupovi ; Azeri : Raul Yusupov ) ( 1980 -- February 3 , 2005 ) was a politician in the nation of Georgia and deputy governor of Kvemo Kartli region .
Karin Elharar Hartstein ( Hebrew : קארין אלהרר הרטשטיין‎ , born 9 October 1977 ) is an Israeli lawyer and politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Yesh Atid
John Nevil Maskelyne ( 22 December 1839 -- 18 May 1917 ) was an English stage magician and inventor of the pay toilet , along with many other Victorian - era devices .
Jaime Humberto Hermosillo ( born 22 January 1942 ) is a Mexican film director , often compared to Spain 's Pedro Almodóvar .
Dorion Sagan ( born 1959 in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American science writer , essayist , and theorist .
Mhairi McKay ( born 18 April 1975 ) is a Scottish professional golfer who plays mainly on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour and is also a member of the Ladies European Tour .
Fabian Götze ( born 3 June 1990 ) is a German footballer , who last played for SpVgg Unterhaching .
Joe L. Heaton ( born 1951 ) , is the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma .
János Vass ( 4 May 1873 -- 19 April 1936 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Religion in 1919 .
Jacek Pałkiewicz ( born 2 June 1942 ) is a Polish journalist , traveler and explorer .
Kate Bellingham ( born Katherine Bellingham in 1963 , Buckrose -- east / north Yorkshire ) is a British engineer and television presenter most widely known for her role presenting the BBC science show Tomorrow 's World from 1990 - -1994 .
Allaert van Everdingen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑlaːrt fɑn ˈeːvərˌdɪŋə(n ) ) , bapt . 18 June 1621 - 8 November 1675 ( buried ) ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter and printmaker in etching and mezzotint .
Giuseppe Pambieri ( born 18 November 1944 ) is an Italian stage , television and film actor .
Slavko Ćuruvija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славко Ћурувија ; 9 August 1949 -- 11 April 1999 ) was a Serbian journalist and newspaper publisher .
Nguyễn Văn Minh Tiến ( born in 1974 ) is an electronic worker in Tân Phú ward , Hồ Chí Minh City , Vietnam who has caught hundreds of criminals and plunderers in Hồ Chí Minh city .
Sally Crossing , AM ( b. 1946 ) is a consumer health advocate and founder of the Breast Cancer Action Group .
Song Zhiguang ( Chinese : 宋之光 ) ( 1916 - 2005 ) was a Chinese diplomat .
Theodor Zwinger the Elder ( 2 August 1533 -- 10 March 1588 ) was a Swiss physician and humanist scholar .
Oronde Ash ( born 16 February 1976 ) is a retired footballer born in Barrouallie , St Vincent .
Kathleen O'Kelly - Kennedy ( born 21 June 1986 ) is a 4.0 point Australian wheelchair basketball player who plays forward - centre .
Bernadette Farrell ( born 1957 ) is a British Catholic hymnwriter whose works have gained popularity among Christians of a variety of denominations .
Terence Kearley , 3rd Viscount Devonport ( born 29 August 1944 ) , is a British peer .
Robert Stirling Hore Anderson , MLC ( 1821 -- 26 October 1883 ) was an Irish - born solicitor and Australian colonial ( Victorian ) parliamentarian .
Fran Detela ( 3 December 1850 -- 11 July 1926 ) was a Slovenian writer and university professor .
Jay Tibshraeny ( pronunciation : /ˈtɪbʃreɪniː/ TIB - shray - nee , born in 1954 ) is a politician , former senator in the Arizona Senate , and mayor of Chandler , Arizona for the second time .
Toby Cockerell ( born 17 October 1976 in London ) is an English actor who played the part of Scott Windsor in ITV 's Emmerdale from 1993 - -1996 .
`` Sweet '' Sue Terry ( born 1959 ) is a jazz saxophonist and composer .
Urvashi Butalia ( born 1952 ) is an Indian feminist and publisher .
Rory Allen ( born 17 October 1977 ) is an English ex - professional football player .
Jean Curthoys ( born 1947 ) is an Australian feminist philosopher .
Euan Norris ( born 29 October 1977 ) is a Scottish football referee active in the Scottish Premier League .
Carolyn Wilson ( born 11 March 1959 ) is one of Great Britain 's most successful synchronized swimmers .
Aruna Roy ( born 26 June 1946 ) is an Indian political and social activist who founded the Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan ( MKSS ) ( `` Workers and Peasants Strength Union '' ) along with Shankar Singh , Nikhil Dey and many others .
Juliet Glass ( born 1968 ) is a writer and food critic , who formerly lived in Minneapolis .
Dimitri Kitsikis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Κιτσίκης ; born 2 June 1935 ) is a Greek Turkologist , Professor of International Relations and Geopolitics .
Michael Fitzgerald Page ( AM ) ( born 2 February 1922 ) is a British - born Australian writer , editor , advertising executive , world war two veteran and merchant sailor .
Victor Lind ( born 15 December 1940 ) is a Norwegian painter and sculptor .
Rebecca Bell ( born 1953 ) is an environmental educational specialist from Maryland , United States .
Lope Díaz II de Haro `` Cabeza Brava '' ( b. 1170 -- d. November 15 , 1236 ) was a Spanish noble of the House of Haro , the sixth Lord of Biscay , founder of the municipality of Plentzia , and lord of Álava from 1252 - -1274 .
Roger Lawson Gamble ( 1787 -- December 20 , 1847 ) was a United States Representative and lawyer from Georgia .
Nori Dalisay ( born 1938 ) is a Filipina actress , who played mostly as supporting to lead star made dozens of movies under her home studio Sampaguita Pictures Dalisay made her first movie via Chavacano top billed by Dolphy .
Zbigniew Bródka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈzbiɡɲɛf ˈbrutka ) ; born 8 October 1984 ) is a Polish speed skater and a 2014 Olympic champion in 1500 metres .
Marcus Bierich ( 29 April 1926 in Hamburg - 25 November 2000 in Stuttgart ) was CFO for Mannesmann AG from 1961 - 1980 ( what became Vodafone ) in Düsseldorf ;
Daisy Zamora ( 20 June 1950 in Managua , Nicaragua ) is one of the most prominent figures in contemporary Latin American poetry .
Aaron Hadlow ( born 4 October 1988 ) is a professional kiteboarder who has won the Pro Kiteboard Riders ' Association ( PKRA ) World Championships five times .
William Tomlin ( 15 September 1866 in Broughton Astley , Leicestershire , England -- 11 May 1910 in Leicester , England ) was an English cricketer who played first class cricket for Leicestershire from 1894 - 1899 and as a professional in the Lancashire League .
Oksana Romanenkova , née Hutornaja , ( born 1 November 1970 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian figure skating coach and former competitor .
Myra Adele Logan ( 1908 - -1977 ) was an African American physician , surgeon and anatomist .
Princess Basmah Bani Ahmad of Jordan , ( Basma Mahmoud Hassan Bani - Ahmad ; born 1979 ) is the second wife of Prince Hamzah bin Al Hussein of Jordan .
Darwin Ortiz ( born 1948 ) is a magician , who is an authority on gambling and card manipulation .
Edward Henryson ( French : Henry Édouard , Latin : Henricius Eduardus ) ( 1522 - -c.1590 ) was a Scottish judge , known also as a jurist and classical scholar .
Séamus Conneely ( born 9 July 1988 ) is an Irish footballer who plays as a right back for Accrington Stanley .
Leland Stanford Morgan ( aka Le Morgan ; 9 June 1886 San Francisco -- 12 August 1981 Oakland , California ) was an American commercial artist .
Giles Deacon ( born 1969 ) is a British fashion designer , best known for his playful designs and his collaboration with High Street retailer New Look .
Mads Torry ( born 13 May 1986 ) is a former professional Danish football player , who retired in the summer of 2013 while playing for Vanløse IF .
Opilio Rossi ( 14 May 1910 -- 9 February 2004 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and president of the Pontifical Council for the Laity .
Anibal Quijano ( born 1928 , Yungay ) is a Peruvian sociologist and humanist thinker , known for having developed the concept of `` coloniality of power '' .
Jerry Izenberg ( born 1930 ) is a sports journalist with the The Newark Star - Ledger in Newark , New Jersey .
Edith Helena ( 1876 - -1956 ) was an American singer of the Vaudeville era , although she also sang in opera as well .
Fabio Testi ( born 2 August 1941 ) is an Italian film actor , notable as the star of , among many other films , First Action Hero .
Vijay Patkar ( born 29 May 1963 ) is an Indian theatre , television , Marathi film and Bollywood film actor .
James Ouchterlony ( born 9 August 1973 ) is a racing cyclist specialising in marathon and cross country mountain bike racing .
Thabo Mamojele ( born 29 July 1986 ) is a South African rugby union player , who plays as a flanker or lock with French Pro D2 side Montauban .
Karl Reuben Spiring ( born 13 November 1974 in Southport ) was an English cricketer .
Frida Snell ( born 22 December 1981 ) is a Swedish pop / rock singer from Kiruna .
René Isidoro García ( born 4 April 1961 ) is a former Mexican footballer and former manager of Atlante F.C. of the Primera División de México .
Avantika Mishra was born on 30 May 1992 Delhi India to M K Mishra an Air Force Personnel and Savita Mishra .
Andrew Linklater FAcSS ( born 8 March 1949 in Aberdeen , Scotland ) is an international relations academic , and is the current Woodrow Wilson Professor of International Politics at Aberystwyth University .
Goran Svilanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горан Свилановић ; born 22 October 1963 ) is Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council ( RCC ) , as of 1 January 2013 , following the appointment by the South - East European Cooperation Process ( SEECP ) Foreign Ministers in Belgrade , Serbia on 14 June 2012 .
Shaun Evans ( born 6 March 1980 ) is an English actor , best known for playing a young Endeavour Morse in the ITV drama series Endeavour .
Matej Mohorič ( born 19 October 1994 ) is a Slovene professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Lampre--
Henry Augustus Siebrecht ( 1849 -- June 19 , 1934 ) was a German immigrant to America who used his early horticultural training to become one of the top floral designers and horticulturalists in the United States .
Odo of Wetterau ( c. 895 -- 2 Dec 949 ) was a prominent German nobleman of the 10th century .
Johan von Mangelsen ( 12 September 1694 -- 24 February 1769 ) was a Norwegian military officer and businessperson .
John Mensah ( born 29 November 1982 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who last played for Nitra as a defender .
Mauro Matos ( born 6 August 1982 in Castelli ) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Argentine Primera División club San Lorenzo .
Karin Balzer ( née Richert on 5 June 1938 ) is a retired East German hurdler who competed in the 80 m hurdlers event at the 1960 , 1964 and 1968 Olympics , and in the 100 m hurdles in 1972 .
Emily Ruete ( 30 August 1844 -- 1924 ) was born in Zanzibar as Sayyida Salme , Princess of Zanzibar and Oman .
Darrell L. Bock ( born December 12 , 1953 ) is an American evangelical Christian New Testament scholar and research professor of New Testament studies at Dallas Theological Seminary in Dallas , Texas , United States .
Trevor Denman ( born 24 September 1952 ) is a South African American sportscaster and public - address announcer specializing in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Stefan Batan ( born 20 March 1985 ) is a Swedish football player of ethnic Assyrian origin , who currently is playing for Hammarby IF .
Mohammed Benaziza ( Arabic : محمد بن عزيزة‎ ) ( 1959 in Algeria -- 4 October 1992 , Netherlands ) was a professional bodybuilder .
Maggie Doyne ( Nepali : म्यागी डोएन ) ( born c. 1987 ) is an American philanthropist who has built an orphanage , women 's centre and school in the Kopila Valley of Nepal .
François Havy ( 1709 -- December 12 , 1766 ) was a French merchant who operated in Quebec .
Jeffrey D. Feltman ( born c. 1959 ) is an American diplomat and is the United Nations Under - Secretary - General for Political Affairs .
Fedail Güler ( born 1972 ) is a Turkish world champion weightlifter competing in the lightweight division .
Nicole Süßmilch ( born 2 May 1980 ) was a contestant on the first season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar .
Ricardo Castro Herrera ( Rafael de la Santísima Trinidad Castro Herrera ) ( 7 February 1864 -- 27 November 1907 ) was a Mexican concert pianist and composer , considered the last romantic of the time of Porfirio Díaz .
Wesley Kimler ( born 1953 ) an American artist based in Chicago , Illinois , is known for his colossal paintings , up to 15 feet high and 27 feet wide .
Dr. Maimon Cohen ( born 1947 ) linguist of the Hebrew language .
Filinto Müller ( 11 July 1900 -- 11 July 1973 ) was a military - associated Brazilian politician , and President of the Senate for the state of Mato Grosso and Chief of Distrito Federal police during the government of Getúlio Vargas ( 1933 - -1942 ) .
Maxime Bouet ( born 3 November 1986 ) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTour team Etixx--
Giuseppe Laezza ( 1835 - 1905 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes .
Mitchell Aubusson ( born 1 October 1987 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is a professional Australian rugby league footballer for the Sydney Roosters in the Australian National Rugby League ( NRL ) competition .
Julius Rudolph Ottomar Freiherr von Minutoli ( 30 August 1804 , Berlin -- 5 November 1860 , Khaneh Zanian Caravanserai , near Shiraz , Persia ) was a Prussian chief of police , diplomat , scientist , and author , as well as a gifted draughtsman .
Marat Basharov ( born 22 August 1974 ) is a Russian film actor and a TV host .
Alan Seymour Davies ( born 21 Feb. 1947 ) is a former headmaster ( so - called `` superhead '' ) of Copland Community School and Technology Centre Foundation 1988 - -2009 .
Dan Craig ( born c. 1982 ) is an American basketball coach who currently serves as the head coach of the NBA Development League 's Sioux Falls Skyforce .
Marie - Laure Delie ( born 29 January 1988 ) is a French football player who currently plays for Paris Saint - Germain of the Division 1 Féminine .
Tobias Hecht ( born 18 February 1964 in Seattle , Washington ) is an American anthropologist , ethnographer , and translator .
Ernesto Chacon ( born 1938 ) , a Texas native , has served as president and director of the Federation for Civic Action , a Latino and low income civil rights organization based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin since 1989 .
Paul Buchanan ( born 23 October 1981 in Newcastle upon Tyne ) is a professional boxer , fighting out of East Denton .
Barry Wellman , FRSC ( born 1942 ) is a Canadian - American sociologist and is the co - director of the NetLab Network at the Faculty of Information ( iSchool ) of the University of Toronto .
Peter Settman ( born 24 February 1969 ) is a Swedish actor , comedian , television presenter , screenwriter , and television producer .
Lucas Luhr ( born 22 July 1979 ) is a German BMW factory racing driver , currently competing for BMW and Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing in the GTLM category of the Tudor United SportsCar Championship .
Horst Klinkmann ( born 7 May 1935 ) is a German professor for Internal medicine and Nephrology ( kidney related medicine ) .
Rodnei Francisco de Lima ( born 11 September 1985 ) , commonly known as Rodnei , is a Brazilian footballer , currently playing for 1860 Munich .
Andrés Thorleifsson ( born 19 July 1988 ) is an Icelandic - born Swedish footballer who plays for Riala GoIF as a defender .
George Caruana ( 1831 - -1872 ) was a Maltese minor philosopher mostly interested in epistemology .
H. Ahmad Heryawan ( born 19 June 1966 ) is the current Governor of West Java Province .
Michael Carton ( born 4 September 1984 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing - back with the Dublin senior team .
Teng Biao ( Chinese : 滕彪 ) ( born 3 August 1973 ) is a human rights activist and lawyer in China .
Christoph Kneip ( born 7 January 1980 ) is a German épée fencer , team silver medallist in the 2003 World Championships and team bronze medallist in the 2010 European Championships .
Kathryn Norlock ( born 1969 ) is the inaugural Kenneth Mark Drain Endowed Chair in Ethics , the Chair of the Department of Philosophy , an affiliated faculty member in Sustainability Studies , and an associated faculty member in Gender and Women 's Studies at Trent University .
Denis Denisenko ( born 16 January 1971 ) is a Russian astronomer of the late 20th -- early 21st century , discoverer of 7 supernovae , more than 50 variable stars , and asteroid , and a comet .
Sanctus Seraphin ( Udine 1699 -- Venice 1776 ) , also known as Santo Serafin , was a successful luthier ( violin maker ) , working in Venice .
Efi Thodi ( Greek : Έφη Θώδη ; 1964 ) is a Greek pop singer who specializes in traditional Greek and pop music .
Benjamin Trinks ( born 15 October 1990 ) is a German actor and a Synchronous speaker .
Fereydoon Hoveyda ( Persian : فریدون هویدا ‎‎ Fereydūn Hoveyda , 21 September 1924 -- 3 November 2006 ) was an Iranian diplomat , writer and thinker .
Leonid Gatovsky was a Soviet economist ( Born in 1889 ) .
Banzumana Sissoko ( 1890 -- 1987 ) was a noted Jeli and N'goni player .
James Herbert Veitch F.L.S. , F.R.H.S. ( 1 May 1868 -- 13 November 1907 ) , was a member of the Veitch family who were distinguished horticulturists and nursery - men for over a century .
Vladimir Shuvalov ( Russian : Владимир Шувалов ; born 3 October 1946 ) is a retired Russian swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships .
Andrew Cartmel ( born 1958 ) is a British author and journalist , and former script editor of Doctor Who .
Don DaGradi ( 1911 -- August 4 , 1991 ) was a Disney writer who started out as a layout artist on 1940s cartoons including `` Der Fuehrer 's Face '' in 1943 .
Alexis Loizidis ( Greek : Αλέξης Λοϊζίδης ; born 26 June 1985 ) is a football defender .
Francesco Pesellino ( probably 1422-July 29 , 1457 ) , also known as Francesco di Stefano , Il Pesellino , Francesco Peselli , and Francesco di Stefano Pesellino was an Italian ( Florentine ) painter .
Alexey Sivokon ( Russian : Алексей Николаевич Сивоконь , born 7 September 1973 ) is a Kazakhstanian powerlifting competitor who won seven world titles between 1993 and 2001 .
Jens - Peter Herold ( born 2 June 1965 in Neuruppin ) is a retired German middle - distance runner who participated in several international championships in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
James Butler , 2nd Earl of Ormond ( 4 October 1331 -- 18 October 1382 ) was a noble in the Peerage of Ireland .
Ann Ollestad ( born 3 August 1952 ) is a Norwegian diplomat and the country 's current ambassador to Myanmar .
Alfred Nalepa ( 19 December 1856 , Werschetz -- 11 December 1929 , Baden bei Wien ) was an Austrian zoologist specializing in the field of acarology .
Haraldur Vignir Sveinbjörnsson ( born 1975 ) is an Icelandic composer and arranger .
Robert David Stewart Campbell , CBE , BAgr ( born 25 May 1965 , Belfast ) is a British politician , farmer and businessman .
Helen Gee ( 1919 - -2004 ) was an American art gallery owner , co - owner of the Limelight gallery in New York City .
William Henry Dudley Le Souef ( 28 September 1856 -- 6 September 1923 ) was a founding member and founding Secretary of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union ( RAOU ) in 1901 , also serving as President of that body 1907 - 1909 .
Barry Buckley ( 1938 - -2006 ) was an Australian jazz double bass player and dental technician from Melbourne , a notable presence on the modern jazz scene for over 40 years .
Said Al - Sobakhi ( Arabic : سعيد السباخي‎ ; born 20 June 1985 ) is a Palestinian footballer who plays his club football for Wadi Al - Nes .
Hannah Greenwood ( born 28 January 1987 ) is an Australian stage and television actress , best known for starring as Saskia Litras in the Australian children 's television series Noah and Saskia .
Albert Schippel ( 1862 - -1935 ) was an American architect in the Midwest .
Rick Maddocks ( born 1970 ) is a Canadian author and singer / songwriter .
David Voas ( born 1955 ) is a quantitative sociologist of religion and academic .
Otto Ambros ( 19 May 1901 -- 23 July 1990 ) was a German chemist and Nazi war criminal , notably involved with the research of chemical nerve agents .
Marko Oštir ( born 7 June 1977 in Slovenj Gradec ) is a retired professional handball player .
Ferenc Gyurcsány ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈfɛrɛnt͡s ˈɟurt͡ʃaːɲ ) ; born 4 June 1961 ) is a Hungarian entrepreneur and politician .
Tony Towle ( born 1939 ) is a native New Yorker and poet .
Cornelius Arnold ( 1711 - 1757 ? ) , was a poetical writer .
Anna Kerth ( born 1 November 1980 ) is a Polish actress who starred in BBC Scotland 's soap opera River City as Lena Krausky in 2006/2007 .
Han Ping Chien ( 1891 - -1930 ) was a Chinese magician , whose popularity peaked during the later part of America 's vaudeville era ( circa 1909 ) with his Peking Mysteries Troupe .
Marike Bok ( born 17 January 1943 ) is a Dutch portrait painter .
Jeremy Davenport ( born 1970 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American jazz trumpeter and singer based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Fernando Rocha ( born 1975 ) is a Portuguese comedian , actor , and TV presenter , whose career as a professional performer began in 2000 .
Aaron Scharf ( 1922 -- 1993 ) was an American - born British art historian who contributed in particular to the history of photography in which he had developed an interest while studying at the Courtauld Institute .
Bernard Gaillot , a French historical painter , born at Versailles in 1780 , was a pupil of David .
Charles - Joseph Sax ( 1 February 1790 -- 26 April 1865 ) was a Belgian ( he lived in Dinant ) musical instrument maker .
James Horst Brunnerman Bell ( Dr J. H. B. Bell ) ( 1896 - -1975 ) was arguably the leading Scots mountaineer in the period prior to World War II , going on to edit the SMC Journal for an unequalled 24 years from 1936 to 1959 .
Sarah Day ( born 1958 ) is an English - born Australian poet and teacher .
Ziad Rafiq Beydoun ( 1925 - -1998 ) was a petroleum geologist , leading authority on the geology of the Middle East and Emeritus Professor at the American University of Beirut ( AUB ) .
Kwadwo Safo Kantanka also known as African Star ( born 26 August 1948 in Kensere , Ghana ) is a Ghanaian Christian minister , philanthropist and the owner of Kantanka Group of Companies , which manufactures and assemblies Kantanka branded vehicles in Ghana .
Jon O'Mahony ( born 10 August 1973 ) is a British artist , songwriter and record producer .
Tina Svensson Grønlund ( born 16 November 1966 in Levanger ) is a former Norwegian footballer , world champion and Olympic medalist .
Robert Oldham ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian writer of fiction , nonfiction , and poetry .
Marin Ljubičić ( born 15 June 1988 ) is a Croatian football player playing for FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda in the Fortuna Liga .
Lee Ya - hsuan ( traditional Chinese : 李亞軒 ; simplified Chinese : 李亚轩 ; pinyin : Lǐ Yàxuān ; born 20 July 1995 in Taipei ) is a Taiwanese tennis player .
Mary Nelson Winslow ( 1887 - -1952 ) was a Washington , D.C. social worker who worked in the US Department of Labor 's Women 's Bureau from 1920 into the late 1930s , conducting many research projects on the status of working women .
Ludwig Preis ( born 11 November 1971 ) is a German football coach managed SpVgg Greuther Fürth on an interim basis after Mike Büskens was sacked .
Professor Carmina Virgili or Carmina Virgili i Rodon ( 19 June 1927 -- 21 November 2014 ) was a Spanish Professor , politician and geologist .
David Kellogg ( born 1952 ) is an American film , commercial , and music video director .
Jeremy Lindsay Taylor ( born Sydney , 19 September 1973 ) is an Australian actor . , it was announced in August that he will play new character detective Dylan Carter in Home and Away .
George Elder ( 11 August 1793 in Hardin 's Creek , Kentucky -- 28 September 1838 in Bardstown , Kentucky ) was a pioneer Roman Catholic educator .
Hou You - yi ( Chinese : 侯友宜 ; pinyin : Hóu Yǒuyí ; born 7 June 1957 ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Bui Huu Hung ( born 1957 ) is a Vietnamese artist who works primarily with lacquer .
Jo Angel ( born 22 April 1968 ) is an Australian former cricketer who played in four Tests and three ODIs from 1993 to 1995 .
Adam Assad ( born 14 December 1982 ) , better known by his stage name DJ Assad , is a French disc jockey .
Nawaz Haq ( Urdu : نواز حق ‎ ; born 10 September 1981 ) Is a Pakistani track and field athlete .
Marcin Meller ( born 23 October 1968 ) is a Polish historian , journalist and editor - in - chief of the Polish edition of Playboy magazine .
George McKenzie ( 22 September 1901 -- April 1941 ) was a Scottish bantamweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s .
Karol Jets ( born 15 October 1980 in Spiska Nova Ves , Czechoslovakia ) is a professional ice hockey player currently living and playing in the United Kingdom .
Samuel Edward Konkin III ( 8 July 1947 -- 23 February 2004 ) , also known as SEK3 , was the author of the publication New Libertarian Manifesto and a proponent of a political philosophy which he named agorism .
Iva Bittová ( born 22 July 1958 ) is a Czech avant - garde violinist , singer , and composer .
David Casals - Roma ( born 13 October 1972 - Lleida , Spain ) is a Spanish writer / director based in the United Kingdom .
Kaajal Bakrania ( born 6 August 1983 ) , better known by her stage name Kayper , is a DJ , Producer and Radio Presenter from the United Kingdom .
Charles Townley FRS ( 1 October 1737 -- 3 January 1805 ) was a wealthy English country gentleman , antiquary and collector .
Puthenveetil Radhakrishnan ( born 1949 ) is an Indian sociologist , social critic , social historian , and media person .
Maguy Kakon ( born 1953 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan author , politician and real - estate consultant .
Sir Thomas Hyde Page , FRS ( 1746 - -1821 ) was a decorated British military engineer and cartographer for the British crown .
Leonid Novitskiy ( born 1 July 1968 in Chelyabinsk ) is a Russian cross - country rally driver .
Stanley McMurtry MBE ( born 4 May 1936 ) , known by his pen name Mac , is a British cartoonist .
Ozay Mehmet ( born 1938 , in Nicosia , Cyprus ) is professor emeritus of international affairs at Carleton University in Ottawa , Canada .
Laura Curtis Bullard ( 1831 - -1912 ) was an American writer and women 's rights activist .
Zoran Lilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Лилић ; born 27 August 1953 ) is a Serbian politician .
Seamus Casey ( born 1972 ) is an actor who was born in Dungannon , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Sir John Gilmour , 4th Baronet DL ( 15 July 1944 -- 10 February 2013 ) was the son of Sir John Edward Gilmour of Lundin and Montrave , 3rd Bt .
Michael Zwack ( born 1949 in Buffalo , New York ) is an internationally exhibited American artist most often associated with The Pictures Generation .
Elie Aiboy ( born 20 April 1979 ) is a current Indonesian football player for Persip Pekalongan .
George E. Hyde ( 1882 - -1968 ) was the `` Dean of American Indian Historians . ''
Anton Phillips ( born 31 October 1943 ) is a Jamaican - born British actor who found success appearing in British television .
Ljubiša Jokić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубиша Јокић ) ( born 24 September 1958 ) is a former general in the Military of Serbia and Montenegro .
Rossella Ratto ( born 20 October 1993 ) is an Italian racing cyclist .
Hans Goldschmid ( born 6 March 1914 ) was an Austrian cyclist .
Christophe - Gabriel Allegrain ( 11 October 1710 -- 1795 ) was a French sculptor who tempered a neoclassical style with Rococo charm and softness , under the influence of his much more famous brother - in - law , Jean - Baptiste Pigalle .
Ivan Pochekin ( born 1987 in Moscow ) is a Russian violinist , who is notable for winning first prize in the 2005 Third Paganini Moscow International Violin Competition .
Andreas Schleicher ( born 7 July 1964 ) is a German - born statistician and researcher in the field of education .
Mansoor Rana ( born 27 December 1962 in Lahore , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played two ODIs in 1990 .
James Wasserman ( born 1948 ) is an American author and occultist .
Sudhir Tailang ( 26 February 1960 -- 6 February 2016 ) was an Indian cartoonist .
Breda O'Brien ( born in 1962 ) is an Irish teacher and columnist , writing a weekly column for The Irish Times .
Owen Roizman , A.S.C. ( born 22 September 1936 ) is a cinematographer .
Tan Sri Dato ' Seri Dr. Abdul Hamid Pawanteh ( born 27 July 1944 ) is a former Malaysian politician .
Kishwar Naheed ( Urdu : کشور ناہید‎ ) ( born 1940 ) is a feminist Urdu poet from Pakistan .
Milan Randić ( born 1930 ) is a Croatian American scientist who is one of the leading experts in the field of computational chemistry .
Kevin Mussen ( born 8 October 1933 in Hilltown , County Down ) was a Northern Irish sportsperson .
Juliane House ( born 1942 ) is a German Linguist and Translation Scholar .
John M. Pierce ( 1886 -- March 4 , 1958 ) was an American teacher and amateur astronomer .
Major - General Keith Burch CB CBE ( 31 May 1931 -- 26 March 2013 ) was a senior officer in the British Army .
Zhang Shuhong ( Chinese : 张树鸿 , 1957 -- August 11 , 2007 ) was a Chinese businessman and factory owner .
Waddy Butler Wood ( 1869 - January 25 , 1944 ) was a prominent American architect of the early 20th century and resident of Washington , D.C. Although Wood designed and remodeled numerous private residences , his reputation rested primarily on his larger commissions , such as banks , commercial offices , and government buildings .
Kang Junli ( 康君立 ) ( 847 - -894 ) was a military general in imperial China 's Tang Dynasty , serving the Shatuo leader Li Keyong .
Oélilton Araújo dos Santos ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ɐɾɐˈuʒu ) ; born 8 March 1981 ) , commonly known by his nickname Etto , is a Brazilian professional footballer who most recently played for Azerbaijani side Baku .
Cotton Hayden Allen ( 1834 - -January 26 , 1900 ) was the 31st mayor of Columbus , Ohio and the 28th person to serve in that office .
Dr. Everett Shapiro ( 1917-January 1 , 2002 ) was an American Orthodontist who was past President of American Board of Orthodontics and American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics .
David Nachmansohn ( 17 March 1899 -- 2 November 1983 ) was a German - Jewish biochemist responsible for elucidating the role of phosphocreatine in energy production in the muscles , and the role of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine in nerve stimulation .
Luis María Peralta ( 1759 in Sonora , New Spain -- August 26 , 1851 ) was a soldier in the Spanish Army , who received one of the largest of the Spanish land grants , Rancho San Antonio , a 44,800-acre ( 181 km2 ) plot that encompassed most of the East Bay region of California .
Laban Moiben ( born 13 October 1983 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes professionally in marathon races .
King Mu of Baekje ( 580 - 641 ) ( r. 600 - 641 ) was the 30th king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Professor John George Jack ( 15 April 1861 - -1949 ) was an American dendrologist .
Ulla Johanna Caroline Grane ( born 19 April 1978 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish realtor who works in New York , United States .
Sola Olorunfemi ( born 6 June 1967 ) is a Nigerian economist and a statistician .
Johann Paul Schiffelholz ( 13 March 1685 -- 28 January 1758 ) , was a German Baroque composer and an important composer for the variety of baroque lute called colascione , as well as writing the usual trio sonatas , etc . , for the violin family of instruments .
Edward Gamblin ( 1948 -- 2010 ) was a Canadian country rock singer and songwriter , who was one of the most influential early stars of First Nations music .
Thomas de Barry ( fl . 1560 ) , was canon of Glasgow , and chief magistrate of Bothwell .
Col . Dewitt Clinton Haskin ( circa 1824 -- July 17 , 1900 ) was an American engineer whose developed the initial methods for construction of the first tunnels under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Manhattan .
Aleksei Andreyevich Volkov ( 1859 - -1929 ) was a valet at the court of Tsar Nicholas II . He escaped a death march at Perm in September 1918 and survived to write his memoirs about his time at court and his escape .
Paul Fonoroff ( born 1954 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is one of Hong Kong 's best known film critics and film historians .
Zhu Jin ( 朱瑾 ) ( 867 - 918 ) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who would later be a major general of the Wu ( also known as Hongnong ) state during the subsequent Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .
Heinrich Jacob Bashuysen ( October 26 , 1679 -- c. 1750 ) was a German Christian printer of Hebrew books and Orientalist .
Stephan Kunzelmann ( born 22 November 1978 ) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won three medals in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 2000 FINA World Swimming Championships ( 25 m ) and 2000 and 2002 European Aquatics Championships .
John Baskcomb ( 7 February 1916 -- 29 March 2000 ) was an English character actor who made numerous television and film appearances over a 35-year period .
Carol Bergé ( 1928 - -2006 ) was an American poet , highly active in the literary , performing and visual arts renaissance of the 1960s and 1970s in New York City .
Ryan Hemsworth ( born 1990 ) is a Canadian record producer and DJ . Raised in Halifax , Nova Scotia , he attended University of King 's College , where he studied journalism .
Vladimir Galkin ( born 30 June 1954 , in Kazan , Russia ) is a chemist , the Dean of the chemistry department of Kazan State University and the director of Butlerov Institute .
Jimmy Yu ( a.k.a . Guo Gu 果谷 ; born 1968- ) is a sinologist and religious historian who was the bassist for the American 1980s hardcore bands ( the original ) Death Before Dishonor and Judge .
Barry Leitch ( born April 27 , 1970 in Strathaven , Scotland ) is a Scottish video game music composer , responsible for the music in a large number of games spanning multiple consoles and personal computers .
Sebastião Lucas da Fonseca ( 26 July 1927 -- 27 January 2000 ) , known as Matateu ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐtɐˈtew ) ) , was a Portuguese footballer who played as a striker .
Jay McCarthy ( born 8 September 1992 ) is an Australian racing cyclist , who currently rides for Tinkoff .
Ester Partegàs ( born 1972 in La Garrigia , Barcelona ) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Brooklyn , New York .
Jessel Miller ( born 1949 Ontario , Canada ) is an American watercolor artist and children 's writer .
Marshall P. Tulin ( born 14 March 1926 ) is an American engineer working in hydrodynamics .
Joseph Muthee ( born 1928 ) is an Kenyan writer and Kikuyu sage who wrote about his experience as a detainee of the British colonial government at Kapenguria during the Mau Mau Uprising .
Reg Date ( 26 July 1921 -- 11 August 1995 ) was an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plied his trade after the Second World War .
Gabrielė Martirosianaitė ( born 23 February 1991 in Kaunas ) is a beauty pageant contestant and a winner of Miss Lietuva 2008 title who represented Lithuania in Miss World 2008 in South Africa .
Martin Storey ( born 28 September 1964 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a centre - forward for the Wexford senior team .
Georgios Anastassopoulos ( born 25 September 1935 ) is a Greek politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament .
Ramdeo Singh Yadav ( born on 5 July 1946 ) is a social worker and a MLA from Munger during the period of 1980 to 1995 .
Alberto Toscano ( born 1 January 1977 ) is a cultural critic , social theorist , philosopher and translator best known to the English - speaking world for his translations of the work of Alain Badiou , including Badiou 's The Century and Logics of Worlds .
Theodore Earl Butler , ( 1861 - -1936 ) was an American impressionist painter .
Pradeep Nagar ( born 10 December 1989 ) is an Indian actor who appears in Television Serials .
Enzo Francesconi ( born c. 1923 ( age 91 - -92 ) ) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy , and at club level for Torino XIII , as a Prop , i.e. number 9 , during the era of contested scrums .
Milan Paroški ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Парошки ; born 5 March 1957 ) is a Serbian writer and former politician .
John Papworth ( born 1921 ) is an English clergyman , writer and activist against big public and private organizations and for small communities and enterprises .
Severino Montano ( 1915 in Laoag , Ilocos Norte -- 12 December 1980 ) is considered as one of the Titans of Philippine Theater .
Jérôme Valcke ( born 6 October 1960 ) is a French football administrator , best known as the former Secretary General of FIFA ( the international governing body of the sport ) .
Debra Ruh ( born 1958 ) is an advocate for the rights of persons with disabilities .
Kingsley Hunter ( born 27 May 1975 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League between 1995 and 2003 .
Scott McIvor ( born 9 August 1966 in Queensland ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played mainly with the Brisbane Bears but also had stints with Fitzroy and when both clubs merged , the Brisbane Lions .
Tadej Golob ( born 1967 ) is a Slovene mountaineer and writer .
Gavin Thredgold ( born 6 October 1961 ) is an Australian rowing cox .
Humphrey Trevelyan , Baron Trevelyan KG GCMG CIE OBE ( 27 November 1905 -- 9 February 1985 ) was a British diplomat and author .
Sarkis Minassian ( 1873 -- 1915 ) , also known as Aram Ashod , was an Armenian journalist , writer , political activist , and educator .
Chandan Dass ( born 12 March 1956 ) is a popular Indian ghazal singer .
Josefina Ayerza ( born 1950 ) is a writer and a psychoanalyst who lives and works in New York City .
Benjamin Bartlett ( 1714 - -1787 ) , was an English numismatical and topographical writer .
Sir John Alistair Graham ( born 6 August 1942 ) was the Chairman of the Committee on Standards in Public Life from 2003 until April 2007 .
Marianne Farningham or Mary Anne Hearn ( 17 December 1834 -- 16 March 1909 ) was a British religious writer of poetry , biographies , prose and hymns .
Pascal Vahirua ( born 9 March 1966 ) is a French retired footballer who played mostly as a left winger .
Hadoram Shirihai ( born in Israel 1962 ) is an Israeli ornithologist and writer .
Jessie Stephen , MBE ( 19 April 1893 -- 12 June 1979 ) was a twentieth - century British suffragette , labour activist and local councillor .
Daniel Rendón Herrera ( alias Don Mario ; born 1966 ) is a Colombian drug lord .
Widjojo Nitisastro ( 23 September 1927 -- 9 March 2012 ) was an Indonesian economist .
Étienne Bouchard ( c. 1622 -- 1676 ) was a French surgeon who came to Ville - Marie ( Montreal ) in 1653 under the sponsorship of the Société Notre - Dame de Montréal .
Hans - Jürgen Hellriegel ( 16 June 1917 -- 2 July 1944 ) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He sailed with U-140 , U-96 and U-543 , sinking three ships on seven patrols , for a total of 10.969 tons of Allied shipping .
Lieutenant - General Fred Sutherland CMM , CD ( born February 1942 ) is a retired Canadian air force general who was Commander , Air Command from 1989 to 1991 and Vice Chief of the Defence Staff from 1991 to 1992 .
Girolamo Basso della Rovere ( 1434 , Albissola Marina - 1507 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Pennathur Subramania Iyer ( 1860 - -1901 ) was an Indian lawyer and philanthropist who is best known as the founder of the P. S. Charities .
Hunt Emerson ( born 1952 ) is a cartoonist living and working in Birmingham , England .
Nicole Uphoff ( born 25 January 1967 ) is a German equestrian who competes in the sport of dressage .
Carlos del Junco ( born 1958 Havana ) is a Cuban - Canadian harmonica musician .
Sir John Wrottesley , 8th Baronet ( 22 December 1744 -- 23 April 1787 ) , of Wrottesley Hall in Staffordshire , was a British army officer and Member of Parliament .
Larry Leiby ( born 1947 ) began his law practice in construction law in 1973 in South Florida .
Mikki Kunttu ( born 1971 ) is a Finnish lighting and set designer .
Dom Bernard Orchard OSB MA ( 3 May 1910 -- 28 November 2006 ) was an English Roman Catholic Benedictine monk , headmaster and biblical scholar .
Cyril Lyons ( born 1959 ) is an Irish former hurler and manager who played as a full - forward for the Clare senior team .
Carol Klein ( born 1945 ) is an English gardening expert , who also works as a television presenter and newspaper columnist .
William Porteous ( born 1945 ) is an Australian land developer and real estate agent .
Matthew Griffith ( 1599 ? -- 1665 ) was an English clergyman .
Darren Kappler ( born 23 January 1965 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer .
Raman Siva Kumar ( born 3 December 1956 ) , well known as R. Siva Kumar , is an internationally noted contemporary Indian art historian , art critic , and curator .
Pierre Cailleteau ( 1655 - -1724 ) was a French architect , also known as `` Lassurance '' .
Samuel Bazawule ( born in 1982 ) , known by the stage name Blitz the Ambassador , is a Ghanaian - American hip - hop artist and visual artist based in Brooklyn , USA .
Jasna Šekarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јасна Шекарић , née Brajković / Брајковић ; born 17 December 1965 ) is a Serbian sport shooter .
Bill Carter ( born 1966 ) is a writer and director .
Born on 29 May 1969 in Bègles , near Bordeaux , France , Sandrine Cantoreggi was educated at the Luxembourg Conservatoire .
János Csík ( born 20 December 1946 in Orosháza ) is a former Hungarian handball player and handball coach .
John C. Hocking ( born 1960 ) is an American fantasy writer , the author of a Conan novel published by Tor Books and a number of short stories .
Anthony Peddle ( born 11 February 1971 ) was a British Paralympic weightlifter .
Gregers Krabbe ( 12 January 1594 -- 20 December 1655 ) was a Danish - born nobleman and landowner .
Stephen Francis Jones ( born 1961 ) is an American architect best known for his high - end restaurant designs and for being the owner of SFJones Architects , Inc.
Joseph von Maltzahn ( born 2 August 1978 in Oxford , Oxfordshire ) is a British rower and Boat Race winner .
Sir Edward O'Brien , 4th Baronet ( 17 April 1773 -- 13 March 1837 ) was an Irish parliamentarian who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1802 to 1826 .
Mariette Sully was a Belgian soprano , born December 1874 , died Paris , possibly in 1940 , who was principally active in operetta .
Alain Mesili ( born 24 February 1949 in Paris ) is a climber and mountain guide , photographer and political activist based in La Paz , Bolivia .
Dr. W. D. Wright ( born 1936 ) is a professor emeritus of history at Southern Connecticut State University and the author of seven books on race and racism .
Celeste Ulrich ( August 24 , 1924 - August 4 , 2011 ) was an American educator and leader in the field of physical education .
Edmund Yeo ( Chinese : 杨毅恒 , born 6 March 1984 ) is a Malaysian filmmaker based in Tokyo .
Elżbieta Benkowska ( born 18 August 1988 in Gdańsk , in Poland ) is a Polish film director , screenwriter and film editor .
Mohsen Beiranvand ( Persian : محسن بیرانوند‎ , born 9 June 1981 ) is an Iranian weightlifter .
Janne Hyppönen ( born 14 September 1970 in Vehkalahti ) is a top Finnish football manager and former player .
Moa Madicken Öberg , ( born 10 January 1995 ) is a Swedish fashion model and beauty queen .
Ahmad Sa'adat ( also transliterated from Arabic as Ahmed Sadat / Saadat , Arabic : احمد سعدات ; born 1953 ) is a Palestinian militant and Secretary - General of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) , a Marxist , Palestinian nationalist organisation .
Anna Meredith ( born 1978 ) is a British composer and performer of electronic and acoustic music .
Harish Jaiswal ( born 9 March 1971 ) is an Indian Producer , Director and Distributor who is primarily known for his works in Bollywood Films and Bhojpuri Films .
Andrew Daulton Lee ( born 1952 ) is an American who was convicted of espionage for his involvement in the spying activities of his childhood friend , Christopher Boyce .
Ivan Knežević ( Cyrillic : Иван Кнежевић , born 22 February 1986 ) is a Montenegrin football striker who plays for OFK Petrovac .
Patrikeya ( Telugu : పాత్రికేయ ) ( born 15 August 1971 as Manikeswaram Bhaskara Rao ( Telugu : మణికే్శ్వరం భాస్కరరావు ) ) is a journalist and screenwriter in Telugu Cinema .
Étienne Capoue ( born 11 July 1988 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for English club Watford .
Jenn - Yeu Chen ( Chinese : 陳振宇 , born 1955 ) is the dean of the College of International Studies and Social Sciences and the director of the Graduate Institute and the Department of Chinese as a Second Language at National Taiwan Normal University .
Bal Govind Dwivedi ( born 15 January 1948 Rari Khurd , Rari Bujurg , Fatehpur , U.P. ) is a prolific Hindi poet .
Bruce Charlesworth ( born 1 February 1950 ) is an American visual artist known primarily for his photographic , video and multimedia works .
Peter D. Weaver ( born 15 January 1945 ) is a Bishop of the United Methodist Church in the Boston Area where he presides over the New England Annual Conference of the UMC .
Rebecca Adamson ( born 1950 ) is an American Cherokee businessperson and advocate .
Geronimo Goeloe ( born 18 November 1981 ) is a sprinter , specializing in the 100 and 200 metres .
Palpu Pushpangadan ( born 23 January 1944 ) is a former Director of the Tropical Botanical Garden and Research Institute ( TBGRI ) in Kerala .
Giacomo Pastorino ( born 7 June 1980 ) is an Italian water polo goalkeeper .
Casey Sandy ( born 21 May 1984 ) is a Canadian gymnast who competed for Penn State from 2006 to 2009 .
Fudaishi 傅大士 ( a.k.a . Fu Ta - shih)(c . 490 - -c . 560 ) was a Chinese Buddhist monk who was later deified as the Japanese patron deity of libraries .
Jiří Kabeš , alias Kába ( * 26 March 1946 in Křemín , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech rock singer , violist , violinist , guitarist and songwriter .
Samuel full name Samuel Firmino de Jesus ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐmuˈew ) ; born 7 April 1986 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Busan IPark in the K League Challenge .
Pierre - Michel Nguimbi ( born 1957 ) is a Congolese politician who served in the government of Congo - Brazzaville as Minister of Technical and Vocational Education from 2002 to 2009 .
Willy Blok Hanson ( 1914 -- December 22 , 2012 ) was a Javanese - born Canadian dancer and choreographer .
Giancarlo Fisichella ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒaŋˈkarlo fiziˈkɛlla ) ; born 14 January 1973 ) , also known as Fisico , Giano or Fisi , is an Italian professional racing driver .
Rahima Begum ( Bengali : রহিমা বেগম ; born 22 May 1984 ) is an English human rights activist , and co - founder and co - director of Restless Beings .
Patricia Leitch born 13 July 1933 , Paisley , Renfrewshire , Scotland , is a Scottish writer , best known for her series of children 's books in the pony story genre about Jinny Manders and her wild , traumatised Arabian horse Shantih , set in the Scottish Highlands .
João Carlos Hatoa Nunes ( born 8 March 1968 in Beira ) is a Mozambican priest and auxiliary bishop in Maputo .
Winston Ntshona ( born 6 October 1941 ) is a South African playwright and actor .
Meng Suping ( 孟苏平 , born 17 July 1989 ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Born in Lander , Wyoming in 1981 and raised in Oregon , Tyler Stenson is a singer / songwriter of `` Elegant Folk '' music from Portland , OR .
Boris Borisovich Rotenberg ( Russian : Борис Борисович Ротенберг ; born 19 May 1986 in Leningrad ) is a Finnish - Russian professional footballer who plays for FC Rostov on loan from FC Dynamo Moscow in Russian Football Premier League .
Terry - Thomas ( born Thomas Terry Hoar Stevens ; 10 July 1911 -- 8 January 1990 ) was an English comedian and character actor who became known to a worldwide audience through his many films during the 1950s and ' 60s .
Hans - Wilhelm Steinfeld ( born 29 March 1951 ) is a Norwegian journalist , foreign correspondent and non - fiction writer .
Manuela Darling - Gansser ( 29 December 1950 ) is a writer of food and travel cookbooks , a contributor to lifestyle magazines and has appeared as a repeat guest on Australian television shows .
Vladimir Shklyarov ( Russian : Владимир Шкляров , born 9 February 1985 ) is a principal dancer of the Mariinsky Ballet .
Brett Peter Cowan ( born 18 September 1969 ) is an Australian murderer and sex offender who was convicted of the murder of Daniel Morcombe , who disappeared from the Sunshine Coast on 7 December 2003 .
Géza von Radványi ( 26 September 1907 -- 27 November 1986 ) was a Hungarian film director , cinematographer , producer and writer .
John Malcolm Forbes Ludlow ( 8 March 1821 -- 17 October 1911 ) was an English lawyer and leader of the Christian socialist movement .
Wes Patten ( born 17 February 1974 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s .
Nilo Cruz ( born 1960 ) is a Cuban - American playwright and pedagogue .
Eaton Stannard Barrett ( 1786 -- March 20 , 1820 ) was an Irish poet and author of political satires and the comic novel The Heroine , or :
Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈmaɾʲed̪ nʲiː ˈwiːn̪i ) ) ( born 26 July 1959 ) is an Irish fiddler and the lead vocalist for the Irish folk music band Altan , which she co - founded with her late husband Frankie Kennedy in 1987 .
Leslie Mouton ( born 1965 ) is a television news anchor and public speaker .
Frank Versteegh ( born 19 September 1954 ) is a Dutch aerobatics pilot .
Franz Michael Leuchsenring ( 13 April 1746 -- February 1827 ) was a German writer of the Enlightenment .
Ray Higgs ( born 1950 ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s .
Vita Heine ( born 21 November 1984 ) is a racing cyclist .
Craig Douglas ( born Terence Perkins , 12 August 1941 ) is an English pop singer , who was popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Samuel Łaszcz , Prawdzic Coat of Arms ( 1588 - -1649 ) , famous nobleman in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , Starosta of Owrucz , Crown Grand Standard - bearer , Crown Great Guard ( praefectus excubiarum seu vigiliarum ) , military commander and zagończyk(brave raider ) , infarmis(infamia ) and outlaw , with family estate in Łaszczów .
Sir Samuel Canning ( 1823 - -1908 ) was an English pioneer of submarine telegraphy .
Gottlieb Hufeland ( 29 October 1760 -- 25 February 1817 ) was a German economist and jurist .
Oldřich Klimecký ( * 16 February 1940 ) Czech entrepreneur , researcher , manager , and former director of Mostecká uhelná společnost .
Sven Lindahl ( born 25 June 1937 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish journalist , songwriter , radio and television presenter .
Stipe Perica ( born 7 July 1995 ) is a Croatian football striker , currently playing for Udinese on loan from Chelsea .
Louis Liebe ( 1819 - -1900 ) was a German conductor and composer who was a pupil of Louis Spohr .
Norman Fiering ( born 1935 New York City ) is an American historian , and Director and Librarian , Emeritus , of the John Carter Brown Library .
Michael Van Norman better known as Mickey Vann ( born 29 December 1943 in London , England ) is a former boxer and British boxing referee .
Mike Burrows ( born 1943 ) is a bicycle designer from Norwich , England .
Cai Weiyan ( Chinese : 蔡维艳 ; born 25 October 1973 in Anhui ) is a retired athlete who specialised in the pole vault .
Maria Nardelli ( born in Taranto on 9 May 1954 ) is an Italian paralympic athlete who has won three medals at the Summer Paralympics .
Delia Boccardo ( born 29 January 1948 ) is an Italian film , television and stage actress .
Sir John Clanvowe ( 1341 - -1391 ) was a Welsh diplomat , soldier and poet .
Smita Agarwal ( born 1958 ) is a poet and professor of English at the University of Allahabad , India .
Graham Mackay ( born 12 October 1968 ) is an Australian former national and state representative rugby league footballer whose club career spanned Ten Australian and English clubs , including Western Suburbs , Penrith , Gold Coast Chargers , Hull and Ipswich Jets in a sixteen - year top grade career .
Charlie Maplestone ( 13 May 1876 -- 12 November 1937 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jonathan Dove ( born 18 July 1959 ) is an English composer ( born in London ) of opera , choral works , plays , films , and orchestral and chamber music .
Kate Soper ( born 1943 ) is a British philosopher and the author of and contributor to over a dozen books on feminism and Continental Philosophy , addressing the works of Jean - Paul Sartre , Karl Marx and Simone de Beauvoir , among others .
Reg Fearman ( born 26 April 1933 in London , England ) is a former international speedway rider and promoter .
Petar Divić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Дивић ; born 11 July 1975 ) is a Serbian international football player .
Robert Hägg ( born 8 February 1995 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player , currently playing with the Lehigh Valley Phantoms in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Gocha Tkebuchava ( Georgian : გოჩა ტყებუჩავა ; born 24 November 1963 ) is a Georgian professional football coach and former player .
Arthur Khamidulin ( sometimes spelled Artur Khamidullin or Artour Khamidouline ; Russian : Артур Хамидулин ; born 30 April 1977 ) is a Russian former ski jumper .
Joseph Burnett ( 26 December 1899 -- 19 November 1941 ) was a Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) officer most widely known as the captain of the light cruiser HMAS Sydney in the battle between HMAS Sydney and HSK Kormoran on 19 November 1941 .
Ma Xiaochun ( simplified Chinese : 马晓春 ; traditional Chinese : 馬暁春 ; pinyin : Mǎ Xiǎochūn ; born 26 August 1964 ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Rosalie Boyd ( born 21 October 1987 ) , is an Australian team handball player .
Jan Poštulka ( born 9 March 1949 ) is a Czech football coach and ex - football player .
Stefan Savage ( born 1969 ) is an American computer science researcher , currently a Professor in the Systems and Networking Group at the University of California , San Diego .
Richard A. Jones ( born 1950 ) is an attorney and a United States federal district judge in Seattle , Washington .
Diane Holland ( 28 February 1930 -- 24 January 2009 ) was a British actress best known for playing Yvonne Stuart - Hargreaves in Hi - de - Hi ! from 1980 to 1988 .
Damaen Kelly ( born 18 August 1976 ) ( also incorrectly known as Damien Kelly ) is a former professional boxer from Belfast , Northern Ireland , who represented the Ireland at the Olympics .
Pierre - Alexis Pessonneaux ( born 25 November 1987 ) is a French sprinter who specialises in the 200 metres .
Chen Lijun ( 谌利军 , Chén Lìjūn ; born 8 February 1993 ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Madeline Davis ( born 1940 ) is a noted gay rights activist .
Ricardo Zurita ( born 1959 ) is an American architect and the founder of the design firm Ricardo Zurita Architecture and Planning , P.C. ( RZAPS ) .
Park Yong - wook ( born 6 December 1983 ) is a former South Korean professional StarCraft player who played under the alias Kingdom .
Saleem Kausar ( Urdu : سلیم کوثر‎ ) , born Muhammad Saleem ( Urdu : محمد سلیم‎ ) on August 1947 , is a Pakistani Urdu poet .
Eduardo Fernando Pereira Gomes ( born 13 August 1981 ) , known as Dady , is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays as a striker .
Lex Frieden ( born 1949 ) is an American educator , researcher , disability policy expert and disability rights activist .
Michael Seddon ( born 13 May 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1980s .
John Charles Brudenell - Bruce , MBE , OStJ ( 6 March 1885 - 13 February 1960 ) , was a diplomat in the British service and a politician who served during the years immediately after the reintroduction of democracy in the British Virgin Islands in 1950 .
Jessica Schwarz ( born 5 May 1977 ) is a German film and TV actress .
Alicja Gescinska ( Warsaw , 1981 ) is a Polish - Belgian philosopher .
Moshe Shlomovich ( Hebrew : משה שלומוביץ'‎ , born 1949 ) is a former Israeli footballer who played for Maccabi Netanya .
Lynn Crawford ( born 1964 ) is a Canadian chef , trained at George Brown College in Toronto .
Swami Karpatri ( Swāmi Karpātrī ; 1907 - -1982 ; born as Har Narayan Ojha in a village called Bhatni of Pratapgarh , Uttar Pradesh , India ) was a monk in the Hindu dashanami monastic tradition .
Kathleen de Leon Jones ( born Kathleen de Leon on 1 September 1977 ) is an Australian actress , dancer , and singer of Filipino descent .
Salvatore Sanzo ( born 26 November 1975 ) is an Italian fencer and Olympian .
Kumaree Rajeshree Deerpalsing , MP , ( born नीता दीरपालसिंग on 27 January 1965 ) , also known as Nita Deerpalsing , is the 3rd Member of Parliament elected serving for constituency No 18 , Belle Rose & Quatre Bornes since 2005 .
Born Rima J. C. Hoyes - Cock in 1951 , Gennie Nevinson is the daughter of the late actress Nancy Nevinson , ( Nee Ezekiel ) and sister of two brothers , one of whom is the actor Nigel Nevinson .
Wong Chi Hang Sara ( born in Hong Kong in 1968 ) is a Hong Kong - based visual artist and landscape architect .
Lawrence J. Darmour ( 1895 - 1942 ) was an American film producer , operator of Larry Darmour Productions from 1927 , and a significant figure in Hollywood 's Poverty Row .
Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands ( née Petra Laurentien Brinkhorst ; born 25 May 1966 ) is the wife of Prince Constantijn and sister - in - law of King Willem - Alexander and Queen Máxima .
Eve Tetaz ( born 1931 ) is a retired Washington , D.C. public - school teacher and a peace and justice activist .
Bryn Fôn ( born 27 August 1954 ) is a Welsh actor and singer - songwriter .
Christiana Kalogirou ( Greek : Χριστιάνα Καλογήρου ; born 1964 in Athens ) is a Greek economist and politician of Nea Dimokratia .
Florin Fodor ( born 1974 ) is a citizen of Romania who made several attempts to enter Canada illegally .
Alibek Alievich Aliev ( Russian : Алибек Алиевич Алиев ; born 16 August 1996 ) is a Russian - Swedish professional footballer who currently plays for Russian side CSKA Moscow .
Donald G. Keller ( born 1951 ) is a science fiction and fantasy editor and critic .
Sergei Loznitsa ( Belarusian : Сяргей Уладзіміравіч Лазніца , Russian : Серге́й Влади́мирович Лозни́ца , Ukrainian : Сергій Володимирович Лозниця ) ( born 5 September 1964 ) is a Ukrainian director known for his documentary as well as dramatic films .
Jannik Lindbæk ( born 23 March 1939 ) is a Norwegian banker and businessperson .
Henry Aron ( 11 November 1842 -- 13 November 1885 ) was a French journalist and political essayist .
Brian Patchett ( born 1941 ) was a British corporal of the Intelligence Corps who defected with his girlfriend to East Germany in July 1963 .
Bernie Jones ( born 3 May 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn and Essendon in the VFL during the 1970s .
Sadanand Bakre ( S. K. Bakre ) ( 10 November 1920 -- 18 December 2007 ) was an Indian painter and sculptor .
Eskor Toyo ( 1929 - -2015 ) was a Nigerian Marxist scholar , writer and academic .
Marta Wenger ( born 18 July 1953 ) is a South African politician , currently a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance .
Ian Waite ( born 29 January 1971 ) is a professional dancer specialising in Latin American dance , a teacher and choreographer .
Balanathan Benjamin Mahendran ( 20 May 1939 -- 13 February 2014 ) , commonly known as Balu Mahendra , was a cinematographer , director , screenwriter and film editor , who worked in various Indian film industries , primarily in Tamil cinema .
C. S. Amudhan ( born on 19 July 1977 ) ( Tamil : C.S.அமுதன் ) is an Indian filmmaker and lyricist from the Tamil film industry .
Robert Adol'fovich Minlos ( Russian : Роберт Адольфович Минлос ) ( born 28 February 1931 , Moscow ) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician who has made important contributions to probability theory and mathematical physics .
Glen Dettman ( November 1921 -- 11 October 1993 ) was an Australian pathologist and medical writer who , in 1950 , founded the Oakleigh Pathology Service .
Moshe Mann ( Hebrew : משה מן‎ ; 13 April 1907 -- 17 October 2004 ) was an Israeli military officer who was the first commander of the Golani Brigade .
Karina Fabian ( born 1967 ) is an American writer of fantasy , science fiction , comedic horror , and devotionals .
Alix Louise Sauvage , OAM ( born 18 September 1973 ) is an Australian paralympic wheelchair racer .
Timo Roosen ( born 11 January 1993 ) is a Dutch cyclist who rides for UCI WorldTeam LottoNL - Jumbo .
Diana Chang ( born 1934 ) is a Chinese American novelist and poet .
Johanne Seizberg ( 1732 - -1772 ) was a Danish artist , drawing artist , and illustrator , and a teacher .
Willi Thulke ( 22 September 1916 -- 4 September 1998 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an Oberstleutnant in the Bundeswehr .
Scott Kahn ( born 1946 , Springfield , Massachusetts ) is an American painter and draughtsman .
Alejandro Fernández Abarca ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aleˈxandro feɾˈnandes ) ; born 24 April 1971 ) is a Mexican singer .
Hiroko Kuwata ( Japanese : 桑田寛子 ; born 18 December 1990 ) is a Japanese tennis player .
Diarmuid Mac an Adhastair , ( c. 1944 -- July 10 , 2015 ) was an Irish actor who portrayed the character Seamus Mhicil Tom on the Irish drama , Ros na Rún .
Alfonso de Iruarrizaga ( born 22 August 1957 ) is a Chilean sports shooter and Olympic medalist .
Emma Biggs ( born 1956 ) is a London - based mosaic artist and author of a number of standard textbooks on contemporary mosaic practice .
Dr Alimantado ( born Winston James Thompson ; 1952 in Kingston ) , also known as The Ital Surgeon , is a Jamaican reggae singer , DJ , and producer .
Sunny Hundal ( born 1977 ) is a British journalist , blogger and academic .
Tarsem King , Baron King of West Bromwich ( 24 April 1937 -- 9 January 2013 ) was a British Labour politician and member of the House of Lords .
Ewelina Flinta ( born 24 October 1979 in Lubsko ) is a Polish singer .
Peter Baco ( born 9 April 1945 ; Opatová ) is a Slovak politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Ludova strana - Hnutie za demokraticke Slovensko , and is therefore a Non - Inscrit in the European Parliament .
Judah Leib Cahan ( 1881 , Vilna , Lithuania -- 1937 , New York City ) was a Yiddish folklorist .
Andrea Renzullo ( born 2 March 1996 in Sundern , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German singer and was a participant who finished fourth in season 4 of Das Supertalent .
Stephen Moulton ( 7 July 1794 - -26 April 1880 ) was an Englishman who , as an agent of the U.S. rubber pioneer Charles Goodyear , first brought samples of vulcanized rubber to the UK .
Gary Younge ( born 1969 ) is a British journalist , author and broadcaster .
Harold Mockford ( born 1932 ) is a Sussex artist closely associated with the Towner Gallery in Eastbourne .
Brendan Fowler ( born 24 March 1978 in Berkeley , CA ) is a Los Angeles - based musician and multi - disciplinary artist who works in photography , sculpture , and performance .
Ivett Nagy ( born 28 June 1982 in Kisvárda ) is a Hungarian handballer who currently plays for Nantes Loire Atlantique HB and also has been selected to the Hungarian national team .
Jean Baptiste Ricord ( born in Paris , France , in 1777 ; died on the island of Guadeloupe , West Indies , in 1837 ) was a French - American physician .
Shuman Ghosemajumder ( born 1974 ) is a Canadian technologist , entrepreneur , and author .
William Craig Brownlee ( 1784 -- February 10 , 1860 ) was an American clergyman , professor of languages and author .
Mark Aizlewood ( born 1 October 1959 ) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international .
Alistair Beaton ( born 1947 ) is a Scottish left - wing political satirist , journalist , radio presenter , novelist and television writer .
Franz - Peter Hofmeister ( born 5 August 1951 ) was a West German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Fred Fangyu Wang ( 1913 -- October 6 , 1997 ) was a Chinese calligrapher , art collector , and a Professor of the Chinese at Yale University and Seton Hall University .
Tomi Lotta ( born 1 January 1976 ) is a Finnish strongman competitor .
Cheung Hon - chung ( born 25 May 1958 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Legislative Council in 1995 - -97 for New Territories North , which was the only two of the 20 geographical constituency seats the pro - Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong in the 1995 Legislative Council Election .
Frank Bale ( 7 January 1891 -- 16 January 1969 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Leicestershire between 1920 and 1928 .
James Aaron Watson is an American Texas country music singer ( born August 20 , 1977 ) from Amarillo , TX .
Chester Conn ( born 1896 , date of death unknown ) , sometimes spelled Chester Cohn , was an American composer of popular music .
Neil Boyer ( born 1940 ) is an American oboist .
Bernard Becker ( August 21 , 1920 -- August 28 , 2013 ) was professor emeritus of ophthalmology and visual sciences at Washington University 's School of Medicine in St. Louis .
Alois Brunner ( 8 April 1912 -- c. 2010 ) was an Austrian Schutzstaffel ( SS ) officer who worked as Adolf Eichmann 's assistant .
Charalampos Pavlidis ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος Παυλίδης ; born 6 May 1991 in Veria ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Aris in the Gamma Ethniki as an Attacking Midfielder .
Tyler Blackwood ( born 24 July 1991 ) is a footballer who plays as a striker for Queens Park Rangers .
Zang Tianshuo ( Chinese : 臧天朔 ; Langfang , 6 March 1964 ) is a Chinese rock musician .
Michael Verdon ( 19 December 1838 -- 23 November 1918 ) was the 2nd Catholic Bishop of Dunedin ( 1896 - -1918 ) .
Svend Aadnesen Løge ( 3 October 1869 -- 1 February 1948 ) was a Norwegian politician and temperance activist .
Stergios Logothetidis ( Greek : Στέργιος Λογοθετίδης ; born 9 November 1953 ) is a Greek physicist and a full time professor at the solid - state physics department of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki .
Cornelis Cort ( c. 1533 -- c. 17 March 1578 ) was a Dutch engraver and draughtsman .
Jin Jifa ( Chinese : 金紀發 ; born 1943 ) , also known as Jin Ji(金己 ) , is a Chinese painter and contemporary artist , known predominantly for his colorful abstract works , with rich texture , geometrically transposed , vividly depicting still objects , mostly flowers in vase , or country side landscape in China ;
Gwilym Simcock ( born 24 February 1981 ) is a British pianist and composer working in both jazz and classical music , and often blurring the boundaries of the two .
Vugar Akhmadov ( born 17 January 1992 ) , commonly known by his stage name Vugarixx , is an Azerbaijani DJ and Music Producer .
Guo Zongxun ( 郭宗訓 ) ( 14 September 953 -- 973 ) , also known by his posthumous name Gongdi ( 恭帝 ; `` Emperor Gong '' ) , was the third and last emperor of ancient China 's short - lived Later Zhou during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .
Maggie Koerth - Baker ( born 1981 ) is an American science journalist .
Paul Weel born 27 July 1979 in Geelong , Victoria , was an Australian V8 Supercar racing driver .
Theo Müller ( born 1940 ) is a German heir and businessman , the head of the dairy company Unternehmensgruppe Theo Müller .
Zeno Vendler ( December 22 , 1921 -- January 13 , 2004 ) was an American philosopher of language , and a founding member and former director of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Calgary .
Joe Witte ( born 1943 ) is currently a researcher at the Goddard Spaceflight Center specializing in Visual Communication of Climate Science and Television news visualizations .
Malcolm Elliott ( born 1 July 1961 ) is a former English professional cyclist , whose professional career has lasted from 1984 to 1997 when he retired and from 2003 up to 2011 when he made his comeback in British domestic racing .
Davide Sinigaglia ( born 29 July 1981 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third - division - side Pistoiese .
Bal Phondke ( born 22 April 1939 ) is the nom - de - plume of Dr Gajanan Phondke , a leading Marathi writer of science literature ( fiction and non - fiction ) .
Peter Hegedus ( born 21 August 1976 ) is an award winning writer , director and producer of both documentary and short fiction films .
Adriana Molinari ( born 26 November 1967 ) is a former beauty pageant winner , stripper , and pornographic actress who mainly worked for Vivid Entertainment from around 1998 to 2000 .
Maarten Neyens ( born 1 March 1985 ) is a professional Belgian road cyclist , who last rode for Lotto - Belisol .
Niña de Antequera ( Maria Barrus Martínez , 1920 - 1972 ) was a Spanish flamenco singer .
Carlo Abarth ( 15 November 1908 -- 24 October 1979 ) , born Karl Albert Abarth , was an automobile designer .
Zhang Qibin ( born November 1953 ) is a former major general in the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Liu Lei ( Chinese : 刘雷 ; born February 1957 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Isaac Goldberg ( 1887-July 14 , 1938 ) was an American journalist , author , critic , translator , editor , publisher , and lecturer .
Samuel Wells Williams ( 衛三畏 ; 22 September 1812 - February 16 , 1884 ) was a linguist , official , missionary and Sinologist from the United States in the early 19th century .
Karl Olsen ( 27 December 1910 -- 21 February 1999 ) was a Norwegian civil servant .
Tomer Elbaz ( Hebrew : תומר אלבז‎ ; born 3 July 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Hapoel Bnei Lod .
Stephan Marasek ( born 4 January 1970 ) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager who last managed SVG Reichenau .
Merima Mohammed Hasen ( born 10 June 1992 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in road running events , including the marathon .
Miki Yazo ( Hebrew : מיקי יזאו‎ ; born 1 January 1991 ) , also known as Yazao Mekonenet , is an Israeli footballer of Ethiopian descent who currently plays for Hapoel Haifa .
Sadashir Datar ( born 1885 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian long - distance runner .
Tiken Jah Fakoly ( born 23 June 1968 ) is an Ivorian reggae singer .
Nazia Ali ( Bengali : নাৎসি আলী ; born 19 February 1977 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British novelist .
John Robert Dunn ( 1834 - -1895 ) was a South African settler , hunter , and diplomat of Scottish descent .
René Berg ( born Ian Bruce , 24 February 1956 -- 28 July 2003 ) was an English musician , vocalist , guitarist , and songwriter , who recorded and performed in a number of bands starting in the late 1970s until his death .
Robert Norman Bland ( 1859 - -1948 ) , or `` R. N. Bland , '' as he was more commonly known then in The Straits , was Resident Councillor of Penang and a career civil servant in the Colonial Administration of the Straits Settlements .
Susana Chou Vaz da Luz also known as Chou Kei Jan ( born 2 December 1941 in Shanghai ) was the President of the Legislative Assembly of Macau from 1999 to 2009 .
Evelynn M. Hammonds ( born 1953 ) is an American feminist , academic professor and scholar .
Yadolah Dodge ( born 30 March 1944 ) is an Iranian and Swiss statistician .
Emanuela Trane ( born 16 May 1977 ) , better known by her stage name Dolcenera ( ˌdoltʃeˈneːra ) , is an Italian singer , songwriter and actress .
Khalifa Ahmed Al Bin Ali ( Arabic : خليفة بن أحمد آل بن علي‎ ) ( 1936 - -2006 ) , was one of the leading , principal , and most important men of the Al Bin Ali tribe in Bahrain during the early 1970s throughout the early 2000s .
Jean - André Lepaute ( 23 November 1720 -- 11 April 1789 ) , together with his younger brother Jean - Baptiste Lepaute ( 6 February 1727 -- 18 March 1802 ) , was a founder of an outstanding French clockmaker dynasty of their day , holding the brevet horlogers du Roi .
Swetha ( born 31 March 1984 ) , popularly known as Rakshita , is a South Indian film actress .
Hennadiy Perepadenko ( born 16 June 1964 in Zaporizhia ) is a Ukrainian former professional footballer who played for Chornomorets Odessa , Spartak Moscow and CD Badajoz and the USSR national football team .
Oswald Duda ( 11 April 1869 -- 21 November 1941 ) , full name Pavel Theodor Friedrich Oswald Duda was a German entomologist mainly interested in Diptera .
Benedict Nordentoft ( 17 January 1873 -- 12 December 1942 ) was a Danish educator and cleric , principally remembered for the years he spent in Solvang , California , where he and his colleagues established a Danish community with a Lutheran church and a folk high school .
Sterling Betancourt MBE , FRSA ( born 30 March 1930 ) is a Trinidad - born pioneer , inventor , arranger and musician on the steelpan , a major figure in pioneering the Pan in Europe and the UK ( 1951 ) .
Tony Notte ( born 15 April 1990 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Tom Bogs ( born 21 November 1944 ) is a retired Danish middleweight boxer .
Jan Martin Larsen ( born 27 October 1938 ) is a Norwegian cartographer , orienteer and politician .
Dowster or DJ Dowster , also known as David Thomas , ( Born in Newport , South Wales , 1 March 1977 ) , is a record producer , singer - songwriter and disc jockey from Cwmbran in South Wales .
Gabriel Pigrée ( born 18 March 1985 ) is a French born international footballer who plays as a Forward for French Guiana .
Myrna Herzog ( born in Rio de Janeiro , 1 December 1951 ) is a Brazilian born Israeli musician , player of the viol / viola da gamba and baroque cello , a conductor and is a researcher in the field of viols .
Mihajlo Kažić ( in Serbian Михајло Кажић ) ( born in Pristina in 1960 ) is a Serbian novelist .
Frazer Hines ( born 22 September 1944 ) is an English actor best known for his roles as Jamie McCrimmon in Doctor Who and Joe Sugden in Emmerdale .
Walter Kamba ( 6 September 1931 -- 18 May 2007 ) was a Zimbabwean lawyer and academic .
Leslie Morrell ( born 26 December 1931 ) is a former unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Loïc Perizzolo ( born 20 October 1988 , in Veyrier ) is a Swiss amateur racing cyclist .
Simon Grynaeus ( 1493 -- 1 August 1541 ) was a German scholar and theologian of the Protestant Reformation .
Miltiadis Gouskos ( Greek : Μιλτιάδης Γούσκος , 1877 -- 9 July 1903 ) was a Greek athlete .
Lucy Gannon ( born 1948 ) is a British playwright and television writer , and producer .
Wade Keighran ( born 1 August 1984 ) is an Australian rock musician , songwriter , audio engineer and record producer currently based in Sydney .
So Kyong - jin ( born 8 January 1994 ) is a North Korean international football player .
Huang Lixin ( Chinese : 黄莉新 ; pinyin : Huáng Lìxīn ; born August 1962 ) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Communist Party Secretary of Nanjing , the capital of Jiangsu province , and a member of the Jiangsu provincial Party Standing Committee , the province 's top ruling council .
Neven Mimica ( pronounced ( nêʋen mîmit͡sa ) ; born 12 October 1953 ) is a Croatian politician and diplomat who serves as European Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development in the Juncker Commission since 1 November 2014 .
Oscar White Muscarella ( b. 1931 ) is an American archaeologist and former research fellow at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , where he worked for over 40 years before retiring in 2009 .
Luigi Comollo often anglicized as Louis Comollo ( 7 April 1817 - 2 April 1839 ) was a seminarian at the Seminary of Chieri of Archdiocese of Turin .
Susan Powter ( born 22 December 1957 ) is an Australian - born American motivational speaker , nutritionist , personal trainer and author , who rose to fame in the 1990s with her catchphrase `` Stop the Insanity ! '' , which was the centerpiece of her weight loss infomercial .
Isamu Fujisawa ( born 12 October 1987 ) is a Japanese racewalker .
Stephen Deblois ( 1699 - -1778 ) was a musician who lived in New York and Boston , Massachusetts in the 18th century .
Xue Ne ( 薛訥 ) ( 649 - -720 ) , courtesy name Shenyan ( 慎言 ) , formally Duke Zhaoding of Pingyang ( 平陽昭定公 ) , was a general and official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving as a chancellor and major general during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong .
Geoffrey Somerset , 6th Baron Raglan ( born 29 August 1932 at Cefntilla Court , Usk , Monmouthshire ) , is a British peer , business man , and Conservative politician .
Erasmus Darwin Barlow , FRCPsych , FZS ( 15 April 1915 -- 2 August 2005 ) was a British psychiatrist , physiologist and businessman .
Cristina Laslo ( born 10 April 1996 in Cluj - Napoca ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Universitatea Alexandrion Cluj - Napoca .
Bisi Komolafe ( 1986 - -2012 ) was a Nigerian actress , film director and producer best known for her role in the movies Igboro Ti Daru and Aramotu .
Tony Pinkney ( born 1956 ) is Senior Lecturer in the Department of English , Lancaster University , England .
Abel Gonzales Jr. ( born November 1969 ) , also known as Fried Jesus , is an `` extreme fryer '' and the five time winner of Big Tex Choice Awards , an annual contest at the Texas State Fair , and the inventor of several deep fried items including Fried Coke and deep - fried butter .
Samuel Prideaux Tregelles ( 30 January 1813 -- 24 April 1875 ) was an English biblical scholar , textual critic , and theologian .
Michel Fabrizio ( born 17 September 1984 ) is a professional motorcycle road racer .
Halvor Bache Guldahl ( 18 March 1859 -- 10 October 1931 ) was a Norwegian jurist , businessman and County Governor of Nord - Trøndelag .
Vasily Sopromadze Platonovich ( born 9 December 1963 , Poti , ( ussr ) is a property developer in Saint - Petersburg , Russian Federation and the president of property development company Corporation S LLC .
Moses Browne ( 1704 -- September 1787 ) was a pen - cutter from Clerkenwell , London , England who became a poet and eventually rose amongst the ranks of the Church of England .
Mimoza Nestorova - Tomić ( born 1929 ) is a Macedonian architect , planner , and urban designer , who played a significant role in the masterplan and reconstruction of Skopje after the 1963 earthquake .
Giovanni Maria Nanino ( also Nanini ; 1543 or 1544 -- March 11 , 1607 ) was an Italian composer and teacher of the late Renaissance .
Rao Weihui ( simplified Chinese : 饶伟辉 ; traditional Chinese : 饒偉輝 ; Pinyin : Ráo Wěihuī ; born 25 March 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League .
Yitzchak Elchanan Spektor ( or Isaac Elhanan Spector ) ( 1817 - -March 6 , 1896 ) ( Hebrew : יצחק אלחנן ספקטור‎ ) was a Russian rabbi , Posek and Talmudic sage of the 19th century .
Niklas Grönberg ( born 29 June 1984 in Norrbotten ) , is a Swedish actor and musician .
Mauricio González - Gordon y Díez , Marquis of Bonanza ( 18 October 1923 -- 27 September 2013 ) was a Spanish sherry maker and a conservationist .
Tuomo Suntola ( born 1943 ) is a Finnish scientist , inventor and technology leader , known for his pioneering research in materials science , developing the thin film growth technique called Atomic Layer Deposition .
Tuba Çandar ( born 1948 ) is a Turkish journalist and author of biographies of three leading Turkish intellectuals .
Aeshra Patel ( born 10 April 1988 ) is an Indian supermodel , and an actress .
Allen Moyer ( born 1958 ) is an American set designer particularly known for his work in operas and Broadway musicals .
Luca Beccari ( born 29 October 1974 ) is a Sammarinese politician who served as co - Captain Regent for a six - month term in 2014 , alongside Valeria Ciavatta .
John Gordon Smith ( 1792 - -1833 ) was a Scottish surgeon and early professor of medical jurisprudence .
Samantha Lewis ( born 26 June 1971 ) is a former teenage actress .
Arthur Gaeth ( 1905 - 1984 ) was the first president of a mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints in Czechoslovakia starting in 1929 .
Air Vice Marshal Peter Dodworth CB , OBE , AFC ( born 12 September 1940 ) is a former Royal Air Force officer who served as Head of the British Defence Staff in Washington , D.C. from 1991 to 1994 .
Henry George Impey Siddons ( 1851 -- 18 September 1936 ) was an Indian educationist .
Ahmed Abdelkader ( Arabic : احمد عبدالقادر ; born 17 September 1986 ) is a Libyan footballer who plays for Petrojet as a striker .
Marie - Denise Douyon ( born 1961 in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ) is a Canadian painter , illustrator and graphic artist .
Bishnu Shrestha ( Nepali : बिष्णु श्रेष्ठ born 1975 in Parbat District , Nepal ) is a retired Nepalese Gurkha soldier in the Indian army and recipient of the Sena Medal for bravery , and the Uttam Jeevan Raksha Padak medal , both awarded for his gallant conduct during an armed train robbery .
Danny Shone ( born 22 May 1899 in West Derby , Liverpool , England ) was an English association footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League between 1921 and 1928 .
Little Hawk ( Lakota : Čhetáŋ Čík’ala ) ( 1836 - -1899 ) was an Oglala Lakota war chief and a half - brother of Worm , father of Crazy Horse ( Lakota : Tashunka - witko ) .
Anne Heung Hoi - lam ( born 2 October 1974 ) is a Hong Kong - born Canadian actress and model , formerly under contract to the television station TVB .
Oum Ramatou is a writer born in Niamey in 1970 .
Dimitri Mikhailovich Youzefovitch ( 1777 - -1821 ) was a Russian nobleman from the Poltava region .
Karin O'Reilly Clashing ( born 1992 ) is an Antiguan swimmer .
Walter Overbury ( 1592 - -1637 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commonsat various times between 1621 and 1626 .
Ol Drake ( born Oliver Michael Drake , 28 March 1984 in Huddersfield , West Yorkshire , England ) is an English guitarist , most notably the former lead guitarist of English thrash metal group , Evile .
Jonathan Myles - Lea ( born 1969 ) is an English painter of country houses , historic buildings , and landscapes in a miniaturist technique , typically taking the form of aerial views .
Theodosios ( Hanna ) of Sebastia ( born 1965 ) is the Archbishop of Sebastia from the Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem .
Thomas Stedman Whitwell ( 1784 - -1840 ) was an English architect and civil engineer , best known for his collaboration with Robert Owen on an unrealised design for a secular communal utopia at New Harmony , Indiana , USA .
David Martí ( born in 1971 in Barcelona , Spain ) is an actor and makeup specialist .
Cândida Martins Ivete Vargas ( 17 July 1927 -- 3 January 1984 ) , commonly known as Ivete Vargas , was a Brazilian journalist and politician .
Anastasios Christopoulos ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Χριστόπουλος ) ( 1805 - -1887 ) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence and a lawman .
Sam Hayden ( born 1968 ) is an English composer of classical and electronic music and an academic .
Plácido Domingo Jr. ( born 1965 ) , also known as Plácido and Plácido Jr. , is a Mexican singer , songwriter , composer , and record producer .
Ifor Huw Irranca - Davies ( born 22 January 1963 ) , born Ifor Huw Davies , is a Welsh Labour politician , who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Ogmore since 2002 .
Rick Amor ( born 3 March 1948 ) is an Australian artist and figurative painter .
Abu Abdullah al - Australi ( 1996 -- 11 March 2015 ) , born Jake Bilardi , dubbed by the media as Jihadi Jake , was an 18-year - old Australian suicide bomber considered among the youngest recruited from a Western nation .
Vincenzo Colosimo ( born 11 November 1966 ) known professionally as Vince Colosimo is an Australian AFI Award winning stage , television and screen actor .
Kotamraju Narayana Rao ( Telugu : కోటంరాజు నారాయణ రావు ; born 12 October 1931 ) , also known as K. N. Rao ( Telugu : కే.న.రావు ) , is a Hindu astrologer and author of many books on Hindu astrology .
Tsurugizan Taniemon ( 劔山谷右衛門 , 1803 -- October 17 , 1854 ) was a sumo wrestler from Toyama City , Japan .
Ness Wadia ( born 30 May 1970 ) is an Indian businessman belonging to the Wadia family .
Michael Peter MacMahon O.P.(1720 - -20 May 1807 ) was a Dominican friar and prelate of the Roman Catholic Church born in Limerick , Ireland .
Denis Noble CBE FRS FRCP FMedSci ( born 16 November 1936 ) is a British biologist who held the Burdon Sanderson Chair of Cardiovascular Physiology at the University of Oxford from 1984 to 2004 and was appointed Professor Emeritus and co - Director of Computational Physiology .
Jiang Daming ( Chinese : 姜大明 ; pinyin : Jiāng Dàmíng ; born 1953 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
David Hacking , 3rd Baron Hacking ( born 17 April 1938 ) is a British arbitrator , barrister and hereditary peer .
Zheng Xuebi ( simplified Chinese : 郑雪碧 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭雪碧 ; pinyin : Zhèng Xuěbì ; born February 1958 ) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in north China 's Hebei province .
Richiardi Jr. ( often billed just as Richiardi , and sometimes as Aldo Richiardi ) ) , was the stage name of magician Aldo Izquierdo ( 24 November 1923 -- 6 September 1985 ) , who became famous for dramatic and gory stage presentations of classic stage illusions .
Leo Dynevor ( born 13 February 1974 ) was a rugby league footballer of the ' 90s .
Zhu Qinglan ( Chinese : 朱慶瀾 ) ( 1874 -- January 13 , 1941 ) courtesy name Ziqiao ( Chinese : 子桥 ) was a Chinese military officer of the Republic of China
John Thomas Graves ( 1842 -- 1950 ) was one of the last surviving Confederate soldiers from the American Civil War .
Bernhard Glass ( born 6 November 1957 ) is an East German former luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Violeta Tsvetkova ( Bulgarian : Виолета Цветкова , born 29 July 1955 ) is a retired Bulgarian middle - distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Samuel Orgelbrand ( 1810 - 1868 ) was one of the most prominent Polish - Jewish printers , booksellers , and publishers of the 19th century .
William Johnson Temple ( also Johnstone ) ( 1739 - -1796 ) was an English cleric and essayist , now remembered as a correspondent of James Boswell .
John Lorenzo Young ( 30 May 1826 , London - 26 July 1881 , at sea ) was an English - Australian educationalist and founder of the Adelaide Educational Institution .
Artur Maxhuni ( born 27 October 1972 ) is a retired Albanian footballer who played in 2 .
Daniel Eisenstein ( born 1970 ) is an American cosmologist and academic .
Vesna Pisarović ( born 9 April 1978 ) is a Croatian pop and jazz singer .
Rudi Cossey ( born 2 August 1961 ) is a Belgian soccer coach .
Olle Sandahl , born 1950 , is a Swedish Christian democratic politician , member of the Riksdag 2002 - -2006 .
Vicente del Bosque González , 1st Marquis of Del Bosque ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈθente ðel ˈβoske ɣonˈθaleθ ) ; born 23 December 1950 ) is a retired Spanish footballer who is currently the manager of the Spanish national football team .
Richard Duppa ( 1770 - -1831 ) was an English writer and a draughtsman .
Theodore Brameld ( 20 January 1904 -- 1987 ) was a leading philosopher and educator who supported the educational philosophy of social reconstructionism .
Guanyu Zhou , also known as Zhou Guan Yu ( born 30 May 1999 ) is a Chinese racing driver , who competes in the Italian F4 Championship and ADAC Formula 4 Championships for Prema Powerteam .
Adele Brandeis ( 1885 - -1975 ) was an art administrator from Louisville , Kentucky .
Dr. Muhammad Ali Naqvi was born in year 1952 in the Illaqa Nawab Sahib in suburbs of Lahore , Pakistan .
Saidye Rosner Bronfman ( 1897 - -1995 ) , was the matriarch of the wealthy Bronfman family .
Sarfraz Manzoor ( born 9 June 1971 ) is a British journalist , documentary maker , and broadcaster .
Swami Sukhabodhananda was born in Kannada speaking family on 25 April 1955 in Bangalore , Karnataka .
Byron Kim ( born in 1961 in La Jolla , California ) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Brooklyn , New York .
Ernst Haberbier ( 5 October 1813 - 12 March 1869 ) was a German composer , pianist and music teacher .
Deng Kai ( Chinese : 邓凯 ; pinyin : Dèng Kǎi ; born December 1959 ) is a Chinese politician currently serving as Deputy Party Secretary of Henan province .
Robert Stieglitz ( born Sergey Shtikhlits ; 20 June 1981 ) is a German professional boxer and two - time former WBO super middleweight champion .
Stuart Neil Hartley ( born 18 March 1956 , Shipley , West Yorkshire , England ) is an English first - class cricketer , who appeared for Yorkshire County Cricket Club and Orange Free State in a ten - year career which began in 1978 .
Wang Wantong ( Chinese : 王婉桐 ; pinyin : Wang Wantong , born 16 February 1994 ) is a Chinese professional racing cyclist .
Jane Thynne ( born 5 April 1961 ) is a British novelist , journalist and broadcaster .
David Deming ( born 1954 ) , an American geologist and geophysicist , is an associate professor of Arts and Sciences at the University of Oklahoma in Norman .
Billy Gillespie ( 6 August 1891 -- 2 July 1981 ) was an Irish football player who played as a striker for Sheffield United over a twenty - year period from 1913 to 1932 , scoring over 137 League and Cup goals in 492 games for the South Yorkshire side .
Walter Montgomery Jackson ( 1863 - -1923 ) was the founder of encyclopedia publisher Grolier , Inc. , and he was the partner of Horace Everett Hooper in publishing the 10th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica and in developing its 11th edition .
Peter Vodopivec ( born 7 July , 1946 ) is a Slovenian historian and public intellectual .
Patricia Claxton ( born 1929 ) is an award - winning Canadian translator , primarily of Quebec literature .
Judy Croome ( born Judy - Ann Heinemann on 16 December 1958 in Zvishavane , Southern Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) ) is a South African novelist , short story writer , and poet .
Deshabandu Sirisumana Godage ( born in May 1936 ) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur .
Robert Bero ( 1941 - -2007 ) was an American artist and print maker who won critical acclaim for his detailed depictions of trees and landscapes .
Thomas Gustave Plant ( 1859 - -1941 ) was a French - Canadian immigrant who made his fortune manufacturing shoes under the Queen Quality Shoes label .
Tajiv Singh Masson ( born 27 February 1985 ) , known as Tosh Masson , is a rugby union player who played for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership , playing primarily as a centre .
Giulia Boschi ( born 17 December 1962 ) is an Italian film and television actress .
Mark Rowsom ( born in 1959 in Comber , Ontario ) is a former Canadian pairs figure skater with partner Cynthia Coull .
Dr. Frank Parkin ( 26 May 1931 -- 14 September 2011 ) was a British sociologist and novelist .
Hend Sabry ( Arabic : هند صبري‎ ) ( born 20 November 1979 ) is a Tunisian actress .
Gilbert Tennent ( 5 February 1703 -- 23 July 1764 ) was a pietistic Protestant evangelist in colonial America .
Srimath Swami Kirtidananda was born as Srikantayya in an orthodox family at Bangalore on 25 June 1925 .
Tobias Churton ( born 1960 ) is a British scholar of Rosicrucianism , Freemasonry , Gnosticism and other esoteric movements .
Claudio Cipolla ( Goito , 11 February 1955 ) is an Italian priest , ordained in the Diocese of Mantua on 24 May 1980 , who is the Bishop of Padua .
Dr. Franz Kalckhoff ( 30 November 1860 -- 13 February 1955 ) was a German philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1934 .
Kendra Slawinski , OBE ( née Lowe ) ( born 11 November 1962 ) is a former netball player for England .
Thomas Collier Platt Jr. ( born May 29 , 1925 ) is a senior United States federal judge in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York .
Graham Canty ( born 23 July 1980 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre - back for the Cork senior team .
Karen Knowles ( born 4 March 1964 ) is an Australian singer and entertainer .
Harry Tincknell ( born 29 October 1991 in Exeter , Devon ) is a British racing driver who switched from a successful single - seater career to sportscars in 2014 .
Karl Menzies ( born 17 June 1977 ) is a professional road bicycle racer riding for UCI Professional Continental team UnitedHealthcare .
Mirjam Tuokkola ( born 7 February 1997 ) is a Finnish archer , who participated in the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics .
Najwa Nimri Urrutikoetxea ( born 14 February 1972 ) is a Spanish actress and singer of Jordanian descent .
Rebecca Anderson ( born May 1991 ) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Oregon City , Oregon .
Ying Yong ( Chinese : 应勇 ; pinyin : Yīng Yǒng ; born November 1957 ) is a Chinese politician .
Wei Ziya ( Chinese : 魏子雅 ; pinyin : Wèi Zǐyǎ ; usually referred to in the media as Ziya Wei ; born October 1984 ) is a Chinese beauty contestant and winner of Miss China Universe 2007 .
Indrani Haldar ( born 6 January 1971 ) is an Indian actress who has mostly worked in Bengali films .
George Douglas , 4th Lord Mordington , died 10 June 1741 at Covent Garden , London , was the son and heir of James Douglas , 3rd Lord Mordington by his wife Anne , daughter of Alexander Seton , 1st Viscount of Kingston .
Deena Ram ( born 1964 in Rajasthan state ) is a former Indian track and field athlete who specialised in the 3000 meters steeplechase .
Jiang Dingzhi ( Chinese : 蒋定之 ; born September 1954 ) is a Chinese politician from Jiangsu province .
Daryl Gregory ( born 1965 ) is an American science fiction and comic book author .
Delroy Pearson ( born 11 April 1970 , Islington , London ) is an English singer and a member of the pop group Five Star .
Evan Hause ( born 1967 ) is an American composer , percussionist and conductor .
Mohammad Din was born on October 9 , 1936 in Jalandhar , India later moving to Faisalabad , Pakistan in 1947 where he began his wrestling career .
George Embiricos ( 1920 - 2011 ) was a Greek shipping magnate , who also owned several masterpieces by El Greco , Goya , Cézanne , Kandinsky , Picasso , van Gogh and Bacon , in his home in Lausanne , Switzerland .
Debbie Kooij ( born 27 December 1968 ) is a former Dutch cricketer whose international career for the Dutch national side spanned from 1999 to 2003 .
Shri M. M. Rajendran ( born 12 April 1935 in Anantapur , Andhra Pradesh ) , was top of his 1957 IAS batch and later became Chief Secretary of Tamil Nadu and Governor of Odisha from 15 November 1999 to 17 November 2004 .
James Clement ( born 4 September 1976 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer for Collingwood and Fremantle in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Albert Crusat Domènech ( born 13 May 1982 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left winger , from where he often relied on his dribbling ability and incredible pace .
Dr. Hiren Gohain ( born 1939 ) is a Marxist literary critic , poet and social scientist from the Indian state of Assam .
Jayce Lewis ( born 29 September 1984 ) is a Welsh solo artist from Bridgend , South Wales .
Abdul Qader Qahtan ( born 13 December 1952 ) is a Yemeni jurist , security officer and politician , who has been serving as interior minister since December 2011 .
Fuad Kavur ( born 1950 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a British opera and film director and producer .
Simon Warner ( born 1967 ) is an English musician and songwriter , known mainly for his 1997 orchestral pop album Waiting Rooms .
William C. Alexander ( 1848 - -1937 ) was an author of over ten works , over sixty - five year employee of The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States , and a founder of Pi Kappa Alpha .
Andrew Pleavin ( born 13 April 1968 ) is an English actor known for his appearances in the TV film Attila , Unstoppable , Batman Begins , Attack of the Gryphon , Return to House on Haunted Hill and his roles in the British police dramas Messiah III : the Promise and The Bill .
Lovraj Kumar ( 1926 - 1994 ) was an Indian civil servant who had a role in forming Indian economic policies from the late 1950s until the early 1980s .
Peter Boyne ( born 24 May 1944 ) is a former Australian Rules Footballer who played for the Collingwood in the VFL .
Bernie Clifton ( born 30 April 1936 as Bernard Quinn in St Helens , England ) is a British comedian and entertainer .
Givi Alkhazishvili ( Georgian : გივი ალხაზიშვილი ) , born 26 May 1944 in Georgia , is an author , poet , essayist , and translator .
Txabi Etxebarrieta ( 14 October 1944 -- 7 June 1968 ) , also known as Xabier Etxebarrieta Ortiz was a Basque nationalist and anti - fascist who was a popular leader of the armed separatist organisation Euskadi ta Askatasuna ( ETA ) .
Robert Walter Campbell Shelford ( 3 August 1872 -- 22 June 1912 ) , was a British entomologist and museum administrator and naturalist , with a special interest in entomology and insect mimicry ; he specialised in cockroaches and also did some significant work on stick insects .
Gabe Hudson ( born 1971 ) is an American writer who currently lives in Seoul , Korea , where he is Chair of the Creative Writing Program at Yonsei University 's Underwood International College .
Slaviša Jokanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славиша Јокановић ; born 16 August 1968 ) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played from the late 1980s to early 2000s , and the current manager of English club Fulham .
Gabriel Sakellaridis ( Greek : Γαβριήλ Σακελλαρίδης ; born 20 August 1980 ) is a Greek economist and politician of Syriza .
Robert Frangeš - Mihanović ( 2 October 1872 -- 12 January 1940 ) was an Austro - Hungarian and Yugoslav sculptor .
Ljubomir Vorkapić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубoмиp Bopкaпић ; born 19 February 1967 ) is a former Serbian football player .
Johnny Young ( born Johnny Benjamin de Jong , 12 March 1947 ) is a Dutch Australian singer , composer , record producer , disc jockey , television producer and host .
Jacopo Baccarini ( c. 1605 - -1682 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period born in Reggio , where he lived and painted .
Tan Sri Dr. Koh Tsu Koon ( born 26 August 1949 ; simplified Chinese : 许子根 ; traditional Chinese : 許子根 ; pinyin : Hsǔ Zǐ Gēn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Khó Chú - kun ) is a Malaysian politician .
Charles L. Shearer ( born November 1942 ) served as the 24th president of Transylvania University in Lexington , Kentucky ending his long tenure during the summer of 2010 .
Phil Kosin ( born August , 1950 , died August 10 , 2009 ) was an American journalist , columnist , radio host , commentator , blogger and newspaper publisher from Chicago .
Martha Christina Tiahahu ( 4 January 1800 -- 2 January 1818 ) was a Moluccan freedom fighter and National Heroine of Indonesia .
James Milton Hayes ( 1884 - -1940 ) , known as J. Milton Hayes , was an English actor and poet , best known for his 1911 dramatic monologue The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God , much parodied by his contemporary Stanley Holloway and later by The Goon Show .
Davy Klaassen ( born 21 February 1993 ) is a Dutch footballer who captains Dutch side Ajax .
Marcin Mrożek ( born 26 February 1990 ) is a Polish cyclist riding for CCC--
Walter Benn Michaels ( born 1948 ) is an American literary theorist , known as the author of Our America :
Guy Butters ( born 30 October 1969 in Hillingdon ) is a former football manager and professional footballer , currently assistant manager with Conference South side Eastleigh after leaving his role as manager at Winchester City .
Ann Bell ( born 29 April 1940 ) is a British actress , best known for playing war internee Marion Jefferson throughout the whole run of the BBC Second World War drama series Tenko ( 1981 - -84 ) .
Arthur Desmond ( c. 1859 -- 26 January 1929 ) , also Arthur Uing , Ragnar Redbeard ( speculated ) , Richard Thurland , Desmond Dilg and Gavin Gowrie , was a British - born politician , anarchist , poet and author .
Claudia Fischer ( born 24 May 1981 as Claudia Toth ) was the Austrian national women 's curling team skip from 2004 - 2007 .
Arthur Louis Breslich ( 1873 -- June 17 , 1924 ) was a professor , university administrator , and a German Methodist theologian .
Tanya Hyde ( born 7 September 1977 ) is the stage name British pornographic film director and former pornographic actress .
Steve Baer ( born 1938 ) is an American inventor and solar and residential designer .
Clare Pollard ( born 1978 , England ) is a poet and playwright .
Sir Francis Gerard , 2nd Baronet ( 12 October 1617 -- December 1680 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1641 and 1660 .
Shlomi Dahan ( Hebrew : שלומי דהאן‎ , born 30 September 1979 ) is a former Israeli footballer who now works as a manager .
Stephen Mulhall ( born 1962 ) is a philosopher and Fellow of New College , Oxford .
Giovanni Battista Re ( born 30 January 1934 ) is an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church whose service has been primarily in the Roman Curia .
Efe Echanomi ( born 27 September 1986 ) is a football striker who plays for Waltham Forest .
Ric Burns ( born 1955 ) is an American documentary filmmaker and writer .
Adolphus Washington ( born c. 1994 ) is an American football defensive lineman for the Ohio State Buckeyes .
Tom Atkinson ( 1930 - -1990 ) was an English cricketer born in Millom , Cumbria , died on 2 September 1990 in Glasgow Scotland .
Åshild Ulstrup ( born 29 April 1934 ) is a Norwegian journalist and radio personality .
Jim Thijs ( born 13 June 1980 in Leuven ) is a Belgian pro triathlete .
Olavi Saarinen ( 18 October 1923 , Dragsfjärd - 30 November 1979 ) was a Finnish trade union activist and politician .
Kallistos Ware ( born Timothy Ware on 11 September 1934 ) is an English bishop within the Eastern Orthodox Church under the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople and one of the best - known contemporary Eastern Orthodox theologians .
Natalya Yevdokimova ( Russian : Наталья Евдокимова , born 17 March 1978 ) is a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Deirdre English ( born in 1948 ) is the former editor of Mother Jones and author of numerous articles for national publications and television documentaries .
Solomon Mack ( 15 September 1732 -- 23 August 1820 ) was a resident of eighteenth - century New England and a veteran of the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War .
Emeric Pressburger ( 5 December 1902 -- 5 February 1988 ) was a Hungarian British screenwriter , film director , and producer .
Tiny Vipers ( born 1983 ) is the stage name of Jesy Fortino , an American acoustic musician from Seattle , Washington .
Chan Kin - man ( Chinese : 陳健民 , born 1959 in Hong Kong ) is an associate professor of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
Günther Smend ( 29 November 1912 -- 8 September 1944 ) was a German officer and a member of the resistance involved in the July 20 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler .
Richard Valentine Pitchford ( 24 November 1895 -- 13 November 1973 ) was a master magician under the name Cardini , whose career spanned almost half a century .
Gerhard Bechly ( born 1898 ) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Wehrmacht ( German Army ) that helped to establish the League of German Officers in September 1943 as a part of the German resistance to Nazism movement .
Peter Box ( born 22 March 1932 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1950s .
Abner Pastoll ( born 12 February 1982 ) is a British film director , screenwriter , and editor , born in South Africa , where his family used to own a two - screen cinema .
Gene Pritsker ( born 1971 ) is a Russian - born composer , guitarist , rapper and record producer living in New York City .
Pinhas Tzabari ( Hebrew : פנחס צברי‎ , born 27 December 1956 ) is an Israeli politician who served briefly as a member of the Knesset for Shas for three months between November 2002 and February 2003 .
Born in Libya in 1945 , Ali Omar Ermes travelled to England to further his education ; he earned his diploma in design at the Plymouth School of art and design in 1970 and later attended the Central School of Art in London for a short period .
Rebecca Rippy ( born 1977 ) is an American singer / songwriter , most notably in the roots country and Americana genres .
Mohamed Ould Maaouya ( born 25 August 1953 ) is a Mauritanian political figure , currently serving as Minister of the Interior and Decentralization .
Christoph Herle ( born 19 November 1955 in Königstein i m Taunus , Hessen ) is a retired West German long - distance runner who specialized in the 10000 metres and cross - country running .
Ottón Solís Fallas ( born 31 May 1954 near Pérez Zeledón ) is a Costa Rican politician .
Henrik Rydström ( born 16 February 1976 ) is a Swedish former professional footballer , who played for , since 1993 , and captained , Kalmar FF . He is currently the sixth longest serving player in the world when it comes to playing for the same club .
David Solway ( born 8 December 1941 ) is a Canadian poet , educational theorist , travel writer and literary critic of Jewish descent .
András Tibor Horváth ( born 22 March 1964 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly from the Hungarian Socialist Party 's Fejér County Regional List from 2010 to 2014 .
Gabriel Bracho was a Venezuelan artist born in Los Puertos de Altagracia , Zulia on 25 May 1915 .
Lambert Tree ( November 29 , 1832 -- October 9 , 1910 ) was a United States state court judge , ambassador , and patron of the arts .
Sir Ambrose Macdonald Poynter ( 26 September 1867 -- 31 May 1923 ) was a British calligrapher , artist and architect .
The Two Faces of Fear ( Spanish : Coartada en disco rojo , Italian : I due volti della paura ) is a 1972 Spanish - Italian giallo film directed by Tulio Demicheli .
Bagula Bhagat is a 1979 Bollywood action film thriller directed by Harmesh Malhotra .
Way Up Thar is a 1935 American short western comedy musical film directed by Mack Sennett .
Join the Marines is a 1937 American action film directed by Ralph Staub and written by Joseph Krumgold and Olive Cooper .
A Clever Dummy is a 1917 American short film directed by Ferris Hartman , Robert P. Kerr , Herman C. Raymaker , and Mack Sennett .
Too Many Parents is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and written by Virginia Van Upp and Doris Malloy .
Chal Pichchur Banate Hain is a Hindi family comic drama film , the debut film of writer and director Pritish Chakraborty .
Amor non ho ... però ... però ( `` I did not love ... but ... but '' ) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi .
Purple Sunset ( Chinese : 紫日 ; pinyin : Zĭrì ) is a 2001 Chinese film written and directed by Feng Xiaoning .
A Girl Named Sooner is a 1975 drama television film directed by Delbert Mann and based upon Suzanne Clauser 's novel of the same name .
The Boys from Fengkuei ( also known as All the Youthful Days ) ( Chinese : 風櫃來的人 ; pinyin : Fēngguì lái de rén ) is a 1983 film directed by Hou Hsiao - Hsien .
Prairie Law is a 1940 American western film directed by David Howard from a screenplay by Doris Schroeder and Arthur V. Jones , based on a story by Bernard McConville .
Ordinary People is a 1980 American drama film that marked the directorial debut of actor Robert Redford .
Max Hell Frog Warrior is a 1996 martial arts sci fi cult film written , produced , and directed by Donald G. Jackson and Scott Shaw .
The False Dimitri ( German : Der falsche Dimitri ) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Alfred Abel , Agnes Straub and Eugen Klöpfer .
The Eternal Waltz ( German : Ewiger Walzer ) is a 1954 West German film dramatizing the life of Johann Strauss II . The initial story was written by Hanns Marschall and Ruth Charlotte Silbermann , and the film itself was written by Alexander Lix ; the adaptation was by Paul Verhoeven who also directed the film .
Loving Glances ( Sjaj u očima ) is a 2003 Serbian language romantic comedy directed by Srđan Karanović .
Thimiru ( English : Audacity ) is a 2006 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by debutant Tarun Gopi .
Captain Midnight , the Bush King ( US : The Bushranger 's Bride ) was a 1911 Australian silent drama film about the fictitious bushranger Captain Midnight which was the directorial debut of actor Alfred Rolfe .
When the Love Is Gone is a 2013 Filipino romantic drama film directed by Andoy Ranay , starring Cristine Reyes , Gabby Concepcion , Alice Dixson , Andi Eigenmann , and Jake Cuenca .
Secrets of the Orient ( German : Geheimnisse des Orients ) is a 1928 French - German silent drama film directed by Alexandre Volkoff and starring Nicolas Koline , Iván Petrovich and Dimitri Dimitriev .
Prema Pichollu ( Telugu : ప్రేమ పిచ్చోళ్లూ , English : Mad Lovers ) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy .
Give the Devil His Due ( Czech : S čerty nejsou žerty ) is a 1985 Czechoslovak fairytale film directed by Hynek Bočan .
Virtually a Virgin ( Hungarian : Majdnem szüz ) is a 2008 Hungarian drama film written and directed by Péter Bacsó .
Jonathan Demme directed `` The Perfect Kiss '' video , which is unlike any other New Order clip .
Allari Pidugu ( Telugu : అల్లరి పిడుగు ) is a 2005 Telugu , Action film produced by M. R. V. Prasad on P. B. R. Art Productions banner , directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee .
Le Majordome is a 1965 French and Italian comedy film directed by Jean Delannoy .
Katzenberg recalled Antz came from a 1991 story pitch by Tim Johnson that was related to Katzenberg in October 1994 .
Paper Boats ( Spanish : Barcos de papel ) is a 1963 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Pablo Calvo .
Capek 's Tales ( Czech : Čapkovy povídky ) is a 1947 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič .
The Angry River ( Chinese title : 鬼怒川 ) is a 1970 Hong Kong fantasy action film directed by Huang Feng .
The Headless Ghost is an 1959 British comedy horror film directed by Peter Graham Scott .
Blackboard Jungle is a 1955 social commentary film about teachers in an inter - racial inner - city school , based on the novel of the same name by Evan Hunter and adapted for the screen and directed by Richard Brooks .
Mickey 's Revue is a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon , directed by Wilfred Jackson , which features Mickey Mouse , Minnie Mouse , Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow performing a song and dance show .
Moonlight and Pretzels is a 1933 American Pre - Code musical film directed by Karl Freund about a man who puts on a Broadway show .
Ho Mann Jahaan ( Urdu : ہو من جہاں‎ ) is a 2016 Pakistani coming - of - age drama film , written and directed by Asim Raza .
Mrugaraju is a 2001 Tollywood Action film which was directed by Gunasekhar and written by Nagababu based on English film The Ghost and the Darkness .
Ran Salu ( In Sinhala : The Yellow Robe ) is a 1967 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Lester James Peries .
Promise of the Flesh ( Hangul : 육체의 약속 ; RR : Yukche - ui yaksok ) is an award - winning 1975 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Oohalu Gusagusalade ( Imaginations Whispered ) is a 2014 Telugu romantic comedy written and directed by Telugu actor Srinivas Avasarala marking his debut as a director .
The Fatal Card is a 1915 American drama silent film directed by James Kirkwood , Sr . , adapted from the 1884 London play of the same name by Charles Haddon Chambers and B. C. Stephenson .
Zwei Mütter ( English : Two mothers ) is a 1957 East German film directed by Frank Beyer after a screenplay by Leonie Ossowski .
How to Cheat in the Leaving Certificate ( 1998 ) is an independent Irish film directed by Graham Jones , in which six teenagers devise a plan to cheat in their Leaving Certificate final school examinations .
Cotton Mill , Treadmill ( French : On est au coton ) is a documentary film directed by Denys Arcand in 1970 , about the conditions of workers in the textile industry in Quebec .
Het is een schone dag geweest is a 1993 Dutch documentary film directed by Jos de Putter .
Akshayapaathram is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Sreekumaran Thampi .
Shopping for Fangs is a 1997 film directed by Americans Quentin Lee and Justin Lin .
Song of the Open Road is a 1944 musical comedy film directed by S. Sylvan Simon , from a screenplay by Irving Phillips and Edward Verdier .
Dooman River ( French : La Rivière Tumen ; Korean : 두만강 ; Chinese : 图们江 ; also known as Tumen River ) is a 2010 French - South Korean co - production directed by Korean - Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lu .
Arya 2 ( IPA : ( ( ɑːrja)-2 ) ; Telugu : ఆర్య-2 , Ārya-2 ) is a 2009 Telugu action comedy romance film directed by Sukumar , and is a follow - up to the actor 's and the director 's previous successful film , Arya .
The Stubbornness of Geraldine is a 1915 American silent film directed by Gaston Mervale adapted from a play by Clyde Fitch .
The Decision of Christopher Blake is a 1948 American drama film directed by Peter Godfrey and written by Ranald MacDougall .
Venky is a Telugu comedy thriller film that released on 26 March 2004 and was directed by Srinu Vaitla .
Ladoni ( Palms ) is a 1994 Russian documentary film directed by Artur Aristakisyan .
This Ai n't Glee XXX is a 2010 American pornographic musical comedy film written by Marc Star and directed by Axel Braun .
I 'll Tell the World is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and written by Ralph Spence and Dale Van Every .
Wort und Tat ( English : Words and Deeds ) is a 10-minute - long Nazi propaganda film directed by Fritz Hippler , among others .
Blood of Dracula 's Castle is a 1969 horror cult B - movie directed by Al Adamson and released by exploitation film specialists Crown International Pictures .
Sixty Glorious Years is a 1938 British color film directed by Herbert Wilcox .
Dasima is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun .
Labou is an independent film produced by Sheri Bryant and written and directed by Greg Aronowitz released by MGM on May 19 , 2009 .
Glorious 39 is a 2009 British war thriller film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff .
The Great Flamarion is a 1945 American film noir directed by Anthony Mann .
Neither by Day nor by Night ( Hebrew : Lo B'Yom V'Lo B'Layla‎ ) is a 1972 Israeli - American drama film directed by Steven Hilliard Stern .
The Thin Pink Line is a 1998 mockumentary directed by Joe Dietl and Michael Irpino .
Kattradhu Thamizh ( English : Learned Tamil ; previously titled Tamil M. A. ) is a 2007 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by newcomer Ram and produced by N. Shivaprasad and Salmara Mohammad Sharief .
Humanity Through the Ages ( French : La Civilisation à travers les âges ) , released in the US initially as Humanity Through Ages , is a 1908 historical drama film directed by Georges Méliès .
Al Halfout is a 1985 film and satire written by Wahid Hamids and directed by Samir Seif and Mustafa Gamaleddin .
Two Mothers ( Czech : Dvě matky ) is a 1921 Czechoslovak romantic drama film directed by Přemysl Pražský .
Black Silk ( Thai : แพรดำ or Prae dum ) is a 1961 Thai crime drama film written and directed by Rattana Pestonji .
The Boys of Paul Street ( Hungarian : A Pál - utcai fiúk ) is a 1969 American - Hungarian co - production film directed by Zoltán Fábri and based on the youth novel The Paul Street Boys ( 1906 ) by the Hungarian writer Ferenc Molnár .
Waves ' 98 is a 2015 short animated film written and directed by Lebanese artist and filmmaker Ely Dagher .
Lucky Them is a 2013 American comedy - drama film directed by Megan Griffiths .
Hrudaya Haadithu ( Kannada : ಹೃದಯ ಹಾಡಿತು ) is a 1991 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by S. A. Srinivas & B. P. Somu .
Niespotykanie spokojny człowiek ( Pol . Incredibly peaceful man ) is a Polish comedy film from 1975 directed by Stanisław Bareja .
Man of Africa is a 1953 British drama film directed by Cyril Frankel .
Gates of the Night ( French : Les Portes de la nuit ) is a 1946 French film that was directed by Marcel Carné .
Si Gomar is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies which was written and directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun .
A Modern Casanova ( German : Der moderne Casanova ) is a 1928 German silent romantic comedy film directed by Max Obal and Rudolf Walther - Fein and starring Harry Liedtke , María Corda and Ernö Verebes .
Do n't Call Me Little Girl is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Catherine Chisholm Cushing and Edith M. Kennedy .
Pop Always Pays is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins using a screenplay by Charles E. Roberts , based on a story by Arthur J. Beckhard .
Danika is a 2006 psychological thriller directed by Israeli Ariel Vromen .
Prajapathi is a Malayalam movie directed by Ranjith .
Midsummer Night 's Fire or St. John 's Fire ( German : Johannisfeuer ) is a 1939 German drama film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring Anna Dammann , Ernst von Klipstein and Gertrud Meyen .
Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs ( working title : So White and de Sebben Dwarfs ) is a Merrie Melodies animated cartoon directed by Bob Clampett , produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions , and released to theatres on January 16 , 1943 by Warner Bros. and The Vitaphone Corporation .
Adieu Bonaparte ( Arabic : وداعا بونابرت‎ , translit . Weda'an Bonapart ) is a 1985 French - Egyptian historical drama film directed by Youssef Chahine .
Mother Pluto is a Silly Symphonies cartoon released on November 14 , 1936 , directed by David Hand .
Juvenile Liaison 1 ( 1975 ) and Juvenile Liaison 2 ( 1990 ) are documentary films by Nick Broomfield about a juvenile liaison project in Blackburn , Lancashire .
Our Mother 's House is a 1967 British drama film , directed by Jack Clayton .
36 Hours to Kill is a 1936 American drama film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Lou Breslow and John Patrick .
Hraběnka z Podskalí is a 1926 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karel Lamač .
Return to the Land of Wonders is a documentary film made almost single - handedly by Maysoon Pachachi in 2003 - -04 .
Alaap is a 1977 Indian film produced by Hrishikesh Mukerjee and N.C Sippy and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee .
Ondagona Baa ( Kannada : ಒಂದಾಗೋಣ ಬಾ ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada language romance - drama musical film directed by K. R. Udhayashankar and produced by Rockline Venkatesh .
The Strength and Agility of Insects is a 1911 British short silent documentary film , directed by F. Percy Smith , featuring close - ups of a houseflies and other insects secured and juggling various objects with its feet .
Here Is Always Somewhere Else is a 2007 documentary film directed by Rene Daalder and co - produced and edited by Aaron Ohlmann .
* Corpus Callosum is a 2002 experimental Canadian film directed by Michael Snow .
White as Milk , Red as Blood ( Italian : Bianca come il latte , rossa come il sangue , also known as As White as Milk , as Red as Blood ) is a 2013 Italian romantic comedy - drama film directed by Giacomo Campiotti .
One Brief Summer is a 1970 British drama film directed by John Mackenzie .
Carrément à l'Ouest is a 2001 French comedy drama directed and written by Jacques Doillon .
Black Journal ( originally titled Gran Bollito ) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini .
The Ghost in the Garret is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by F. Richard Jones and written by Fred Chaston and Wells Hastings .
Temptation Harbour is a British black and white crime / drama film directed by Lance Comfort , released in 1947 based on the novel Newhaven - Dieppe by Georges Simenon .
The Shielding Shadow is a 1916 American action film serial directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Donald MacKenzie .
Last Summer in the Hamptons is a 1995 ensemble comedy - drama film directed by Henry Jaglom and released by Rainbow Releasing and Live Entertainment .
Three Cheers for the Irish is a 1940 comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Richard Macaulay and Jerry Wald .
Inkubus is a horror film produced by the Woodhaven Production Company , written by Carl Dupré , and directed by Glenn Ciano .
The Soul 's Place ( Italian : Il posto dell'anima , also known as The Soul 's Haven ) is a 2003 Italian romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by Riccardo Milani .
Inshallah , Football is a documentary film by Ashvin Kumar about an aspiring footballer who was denied the right to travel abroad on the pretext that father was a militant in the 1990s .
Kamara 's Tree is a 2013 Nigerian comedy drama film , directed by Desmond Elliot , and starring Desmond Elliot , Lydia Forson , Ivie Okujaye , Tessy Abubakar , Bobby Obodo , Ginnefine Kanu , Morris K Sesay and Dabota Lawson .
Man from Rainbow Valley is a 1946 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Betty Burbridge .
Excuse My Glove is a 1936 British , black - and - white comedy , sports film directed by Redd Davis starring Ronald Shiner as Perky Pat , Bobbie Comber as Bivex , and Pancho Villa as himself .
Mark Strikes Again ( Italian : Mark colpisce ancora , also known as The .44 Specialist ) is an Italian poliziottesco film directed in 1976 by Stelvio Massi .
The Broken Pots ( Turkish : Kırık Çanaklar ) is a 1960 Turkish drama film directed by Memduh Ün .
The Nazis Strike was the second film of Frank Capra 's Why We Fight propaganda film series .
Les Jeux de société is a 1989 film by Éric Rohmer , starring Alexandra Stewart .
PoliWood is a 2009 documentary film directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Tim Daly , Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc .
Life 's Greatest Problem is a 1918 American silent war drama film directed and produced by J. Stuart Blackton .
Great Mail Robbery is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz .
Incident in New Baghdad is a 2011 short documentary film about the July 12 , 2007 Baghdad airstrike , directed by James Spione .
40 Pounds of Trouble is a 1962 film directed by Norman Jewison that marks his directorial debut .
My Sassy Girl ( Korean : 엽기적인 그녀 ; literally , That Bizarre Girl ) is a 2001 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Kwak Jae - yong .
You , Me and Him ( Portuguese : Café com Leite ; tr . Coffee with Milk ) is a 2007 Brazilian short film written and directed by Brazilian director Daniel Ribeiro .
The End of the War ( Serbian : Kraj rata , Крај рата ) is a 1984 Yugoslav war film directed by Dragan Kresoja .
Business Versus Love is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts and written by Sydney Ayres .
The End Is My Beginning ( German : Das Ende ist mein Anfang , Italian : La fine è il mio inizio ) is a 2010 German - Italian biographical drama film directed by Jo Baier .
Déficit is a 2007 Mexican feature film , the debut of Gael García Bernal as a director .
Kavalai Illaadha Manithan ( Tamil : கவலை இல்லாத மனிதன் ; English : ( lit.)the man without worries ) is a 1960 Tamil film directed by K. Shankar .
No 73 , Shanthi Nivasa is a 2007 Kannada musical - family - drama film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep , Anu Prabhakar , Deepa in the lead roles .
The Unfinished Conversation is a 2013 multi - layered three - screen installation directed by John Akomfrah , co - founder of the Black Audio Film Collective .
Seven Seas to Calais ( Italian : Il dominatore dei sette mari ) is a 1962 Italian adventure film by Eastmancolor directed by Rudolph Maté ( his final film ) and Primo Zeglio .
Women Who Play is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Arthur Rosson and produced by Walter Morosco and Alexander Korda with a screenplay by Basil Mason and Gilbert Wakefield .
The Return of Swamp Thing is a sci - fi - comedy film released in 1989 , and directed by Jim Wynorski .
Fighting for Justice is a 1932 American Pre - Code Western film , directed by Otto Brower .
Budget Padmanabham is a 2001 Telugu film and remake of Tamil film Budget Padmanabhan directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy and produced by G. Naraya Rao .
Isle of Sunken Gold is a 1927 American silent adventure film serial directed by Harry S. Webb .
Alambrado ( English : Barbed Wire ) is an 1991 Argentine and Italian film written and directed by Marco Bechis .
Thakara ( 1979 ) is a Malayalam film directed by Bharathan and written by Padmarajan .
Henpecked Hoboes is a theatrical cartoon short released on 26 October 1946 directed by Tex Avery .
Dhaasippen also spelled as Daasippenn ( Tamil : தாசிப்பெண் English : Prostitute Women ) is a 1943 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and produced by Bhuvaneswai Pictures .
Wholly Communion is a short documentary film made in 1965 by British filmmaker Peter Whitehead .
Travelling with Pets ( Russian : Путешествие с домашними животными , translit . Puteshestviye s domashnimi zhivotnymi ) is a 2007 Russian drama film directed by Vera Storozheva .
The Space Children was William Alland 's first picture with Paramount .
Boys ' Reformatory is a 1939 American crime film directed by Howard Bretherton and produced by Lindsley Parsons for Monogram Pictures .
Let 's Pollute ! is an animated short created by Geefwee Boedoe .
Umi no yarodomo ( 海の野郎ども ) is a 1957 black - and - white Japanese film directed by Kaneto Shindō .
The Lure of Crooning Water is a 1920 British silent comedy romance film directed by Arthur Rooke and starring Guy Newall , Ivy Duke and Hugh Buckler .
Vijay Vikram ( Kannada : ವಿಜಯ್ ವಿಕ್ರಮ್ ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film , directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by A R Raju .
Streets of Shanghai ( 1927 ) is an American silent drama film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and written by Harry Braxton and Jack Natteford .
Savage ! is a 1973 American blaxploitation film directed by Cirio H. Santiago .
Stacy 's Knights is a 1983 American film directed by Jim Wilson .
The One and Only , Genuine , Original Family Band is a 1968 musical film from Walt Disney Productions based on a biography by Laura Bower Van Nuys , directed by Michael O'Herlihy , with original music and lyrics by the Sherman Brothers .
I Cheated the Law is a 1949 American crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Richard G. Hubler .
The Kingdom and the Beauty ( Chinese : 江山美人 ; pinyin : Jiang shan mei ren ) is a 1959 Hong Kong musical - drama film directed by Li Han - hsiang .
Music by Prudence is a 2010 short documentary film directed by Roger Ross Williams .
The Breaking of Bumbo is a 1970 British comedy film written and directed by Andrew Sinclair , a former Coldstream Guards National service officer that was updated from his 1959 novel of the same name that featured the Suez Crisis .
In the Region of Ice is a 1976 American short film directed by Peter Werner , based upon the short story of the same name by Joyce Carol Oates .
A Woman in Transit ( French : La Femme de l'hôtel ) is a 1984 Canadian French - language drama film directed by Léa Pool .
Federal Fugitives ( aka International Spy ) is a 1941 American film noir directed by William Beaudine .
Artistic Creation is a 1901 British short silent comedy film , directed by Walter R. Booth , featuring a lightning sketch artist drawing a picture of a woman which comes to life piece by piece .
Kunukkitta Kozhi is a 1992 Malayalam movie directed by Viji Thampi , and starring Jagadeesh played the central character with Siddiq , Parvathy , Rupini ( actress ) , Jagathy Sreekumar and Philomina are in major supporting roles .
NoBody 's Perfect is a 2008 feature documentary produced and directed by Niko von Glasow .
Fallen City ( simplified Chinese : 倾城 ; traditional Chinese : 傾城 ; pinyin : Qing Cheng ) is a 2013 Chinese disaster film directed by Huang Hong ( actor ) and stars Huang Jue , Ruby Lin and Ding Yongdai .
Women 's Sacrifice ( German : Frauenopfer ) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Karl Grune and starring Henny Porten , William Dieterle and Albert Bassermann .
A Fall from Grace is an upcoming American mystery / thriller film directed by Jennifer Lynch and starring Vincent D'Onofrio , Forest Whitaker and Tim Roth .
Little Red Wagon is a 2012 docudrama directed by David Anspaugh and written by Patrick Sheane Duncan .
Homicide for Three is a 1948 American crime film directed by George Blair and written by Bradbury Foote and Albert DeMond .
Rock River Renegades is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby , one of the films in the Range Busters series .
Karune Illada Kanoonu ( Kannada : ಕರುಣೆ ಇಲ್ಲದ ಕಾನೂನು ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. L. Swamy ( Ravee ) and produced by Girija .
Suddenly , a Woman ! ( Danish : Gudrun ) is a 1963 Danish drama film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Laila Andersson .
As Men Love is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by E. Mason Hopper and written by Adele Harris and Lois Zellner .
Class Act is a 1992 comedy film , directed by Randall Miller and starring hip - hop duo Kid ' n Play .
Tommy Tricker and the Stamp Traveller is a 1988 Canadian film , which was written and directed by Michael Rubbo .
Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko is a 1999 Filipino action - comedy film directed by Boots Plata starring Fernando Poe Jr. and Judy Ann Santos .
Messages from the Sea ( Arabic : رسائل البحر‎ , translit . Rassayel El Bahr ) is a 2010 Egyptian drama film directed by Daoud Abdel Sayed .
Julot the Apache ( German : Julot der Apache ) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Joseph Delmont and Hertha von Walther and starring Luciano Albertini , Alfred Haase and Linda Albertini .
Flag Wars and filmmakers Linda Goode Bryant and Laura Poitras won the 2003 CDS Filmmaker Award at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival , the 2003 SXSW Competition Award at the SXSW Film Festival , and a 2003 Peabody Award .
Happy Birthday , Wanda June is a play by Kurt Vonnegut , and a 1971 film adaptation , directed by Mark Robson .
Meet Maxwell Archer is a 1940 British mystery film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring John Loder , Leueen MacGrath and Athole Stewart .
Call for Love is a Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhang Jianya .
Louvre Come Back to Me ! is a 1962 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Chuck Jones .
Still Not Quite Human ( also known as Not Quite Human III ) is a 1992 television movie written and directed by Eric Luke and starring Jay Underwood and Alan Thicke .
Mysterious Mr. Parkes ( French title : L'Énigmatique Monsieur Parkes ) is a 1930 American Pre - Code comedy drama film made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Louis J. Gasnier .
My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud ( French : En compagnie d'Antonin Artaud ) is a 1993 French film , directed by Gérard Mordillat .
Dear White People is a 2014 American satirical drama film , written , directed , and co - produced by Justin Simien .
Blue Crush 2 is a 2011 direct - to - video film directed by Mike Elliott .
Thrimurthy ( Kannada : ತ್ರಿಮೂರ್ತಿ ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film , directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by S P M Parvathamma and S P Nagamma .
They Call It Summer ( Italian : E la chiamano estate ) is a 2012 Italian romance - drama film directed by Paolo Franchi .
Quincy Adams Sawyer was a 1922 American silent comedy - drama film directed by Clarence G. Badger .
Muž z neznáma is a 1939 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič .
Mungerilal Ke Haseen Sapne was a popular Hindi TV comedy serial directed by Prakash Jha that revolved around the life of Mungerilal , played by Raghubir Yadav .
The Violators is a 1957 American crime film directed by John Newland and written by Ernest Pendrell .
Crazy Mama is a 1975 American action / comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme and produced by Julie Corman .
La Virgencita de Pompeya is a 1935 Argentine musical film drama directed by Enrique Cadícamo and written by Enrique Pedro Maroni .
The Night Has Eyes , released in the United States as Terror House and Moonlight Madness , is a 1942 British thriller film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring James Mason , Wilfrid Lawson and Mary Clare .
Radio Stars on Parade is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Robert E. Kent and Monte Brice , from Kent 's original story .
Celestial Wives of the Meadow Mari ( Mari : Олык марий пылвомыш вате-влак , Russian : Небесные жёны луговых мари , translit . Nebesnye zheny lugovykh mari ) is a 2012 Russian comedy - drama directed by Aleksei Fedorchenko .
The Hidden Half ( Nimeh - ye Penhan ; نيمه پنهان ) is a 2001 controversial drama film , written and directed by Iranian feminist Tahmineh Milani .
Veetuku Oru Kannagi ( Tamil : வீட்டுக்கு ஒரு கண்ணகி ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed and produced by S. A. Chandrasekhar .
The Forbidden Team ( Danish : Det forbudte landshold ) is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Rasmus Dinesen and Arnold Krøjgaard .
First Class Thieves ( Croatian : Lopovi prve klase ) is a Croatian comedy film directed by Fadil Hadžić .
Gumapang Ka Sa Lusak is a 1990 FAMAS award winning and critically acclaimed Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka .
El médico módico ( `` The Moderate Doctor '' ) is a 1971 Mexican comedy film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and produced by Miguel Zacarías .
The Life and Death of 9413 : a Hollywood Extra is a 1928 American silent experimental short film co - written and co - directed by Robert Florey and Slavko Vorkapić .
Brothers Under the Skin is an American 1922 silent comedy film directed by E. Mason Hopper .
Francis in the Haunted House is a 1956 American black - and - white comedy film from Universal - International , produced by Robert Arthur and directed by Charles Lamont .
Apartmentzauber is a 1963 West German film directed by Helmuth M. Backhaus .
Mortel Transfert is a Franco - German thriller , directed by Jean - Jacques Beineix , adapted from the novel of the same name by Jean - Pierre Gattégno .
Kulla Agent 000 ( Kannada : ಕುಳ್ಳ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ ೦೦೦ ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada comedy drama - detective film directed by K. S. L. Swamy and produced and written by Dwaraka Films .
Joe Palooka in the Big Fight is a 1949 comedy film directed by Cy Endfield , based on the comic strip by Ham Fisher .
Ram Aur Shyam ( English : Ram And Shyam ) is a 1967 Indian Hindi feature film , directed by Tapi Chanakya .
Bindaas ( Kannada : ಬಿಂದಾಸ್ ; English : Independent ) is a Kannada film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and Produced by M.Chandrashekar .
Second Hand Wife is a 1933 American drama film written and directed by Hamilton MacFadden .
The Clean Gun is a 1917 silent film short - feature(4-reel ) drama directed by Harry Harvey .
The Hide is a 2008 film , the debut from director Marek Losey , who previously had an award - winning career as a director of advertisements .
Artists and Models Abroad ( UK title : Stranded in Paris ) is a 1938 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Mitchell Leisen , starring Jack Benny and Joan Bennett .
Much Loved ( also known as Zin Li Fik ) is a 2015 French - Moroccan drama film directed by Nabil Ayouch about the prostitution scene in Marrakesh .
Femmes aux yeux ouverts ( Women with eyes open ) is a Togolese documentary film directed by Anne - Laure Folly .
Doorada Betta ( Kannada : ದೂರದ ಬೆಟ್ಟ ) is a 1973 Kannada film directed by Siddalingaiah .
The Spongers is a 1978 television play by Jim Allen which was directed by Roland Joffé and produced by Tony Garnett .
Notch Number One is a 1924 silent film crime western directed , produced by and starring Ben F. Wilson .
The Floor Above is a 1914 American silent mystery film directed by James Kirkwood .
Dhoom ( English : Blast ) is a 2004 Indian action thriller film written by Vijay Krishna Acharya and directed by Sanjay Gadhvi .
Killing Mad Dogs ( Persian : : سگ كشی‎‎ ) is a 2001 Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Bayzai .
Written and directed by series creator Rob Thomas , `` Donut Run '' premiered on January 25 , 2006 on UPN .
You 've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You 'll Lose That Beat is a 1971 comedy - drama film directed by Peter Locke .
Men of America is a 1932 American Pre - Code Western film directed by Ralph Ince and written by Samuel Ornitz and Jack Jungmeyer .
Lovers Vanished ( Hangul : 폭풍전야 ; RR : Pokpungjoenya ; lit . `` Before the Storm '' ) is a 2010 South Korean film , directed by Cho Chang - ho as both a love story and a character drama .
Chuvanna Vithukal ( English : Red Seedlings ) is a 1978 Indian Malayalam socio - political film , directed by P. A. Backer and produced by Salam Karassery .
Ginger Ale Afternoon is a 1989 independent film by director Rafal Zielinski , based on a stage play by Gina Wendkos .
Orwell Rolls in His Grave is a 2003 American documentary film directed by Robert Kane Pappas and written by Pappas and Tom Blackburn .
Bhoomiyude Avakashikal ( English : The Inheritors of the Earth ) is a 2012 Malayalam feature film written and directed by T. V. Chandran .
Be a Wicked Woman ( Hangul : 천사여 악녀가 되라 ; RR : Cheonsayeo aknyeoga doera ) , also known as Angel , Become an Evil Woman , is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Miss Mink of 1949 is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Glenn Tryon ( his last film as a director ) and written by Arnold Belgard .
Vijayanagarada Veeraputhra ( Kannada : ವಿಜಯನಗರದ ವೀರಪುತ್ರ ) is a 1961 Indian Kannada film , directed by R. Nagendra Rao and produced by R Nagendra Rao .
The One Who Will Stay Unnoticed ( Croatian : Onaj koji će ostati neprimijećen ) is a Croatian drama film directed by Zvonimir Jurić .
Oru Sumangaliyude Katha is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Baby , story written by Oscar Movies M Bhaskar and produced by S Kumar .
American Heist is a 2014 American independent action film directed by Armenian director Sarik Andreasyan , based on the 1959 film The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery directed by Charles Guggenheim and John Stix .
Captain Scarlett is a 1953 American Techinicolor swashbuckler film directed by Thomas Carr , that was shot in Mexico .
November 1828 is a 1979 Indonesian historical drama directed by Teguh Karya .
Lady Stay Dead is a 1981 Australian thriller film directed by Terry Bourke about a psychotic handyman .
Made by Walter Wanger Productions and Universal International Pictures , it was directed by George Marshall and produced by Walter Wanger from a screenplay by Alan Le May , based on the 1942 novel Tap Roots by James H. Street , with additional dialogue by Lionel Wiggam .
Operación rosa rosa ( English : Operation Pink Rose ) is a 1974 Argentine film , directed by Polish - born director Leo Fleider .
KL Gangster is a 2011 Malaysian action film written and directed by Syamsul Yusof , ( who also starred in the film ) .
Panama Pasama ( English : Money or Affection ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film , directed and produced by K. S. Gopalakrishnan .
Song of the Miraculous Hind ( Hungarian : Ének a csodaszarvasról ) is a 2002 Hungarian animated mythological and historical film directed by Marcell Jankovics .
Urbanized is a documentary film directed by Gary Hustwit and released on 26 October 2011 and considered the third of a three - part series on design known as the Design Trilogy , the first being Helvetica about the typeface and the second being Objectified about industrial design .
Abgehauen is a 1998 German television documentary directed by Frank Beyer and based on the autobiographical book of the same name by Manfred Krug .
Serangan Fajar ( released internationally as Attack at Dawn ) is a 1982 Indonesian war film directed by Arifin C. Noer and produced by G. Dwipayana .
Dead Woman from Beverly Hills ( German : Die Tote von Beverly Hills ) is a 1964 West German drama film directed by Michael Pfleghar .
Erivansky Uyezd ( Russian : Эриванский уезд ) was one of the uyezds ( administrative units ) of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Erivan from 1846 until its formal abolition in 1917 .
The Province of Lower Silesia ( German : Provinz Niederschlesien ; Silesian German : Provinz Niederschläsing ; Polish : Prowincja Dolny Śląsk ; Silesian : Prowincyjŏ Dolny Ślůnsk ) was a province of the Free State of Prussia from 1919 to 1945 .
The Ostrogothic Kingdom was established by the Ostrogoths in Italy and neighbouring areas from 493 to 553 .
Bavaria - Munich ( German : Bayern - München ) was a duchy which was part of the Holy Roman Empire from 1392 to 1505 .
In 1984 the party merged with the Galician Socialist Party to create the Galician Socialist Party - Galician Left ( PSG - EG ) .
Arkhangelsk Governorate ( Russian : Архангельская губерния , Arkhangelskaya guberniya ) was an administrative division ( a guberniya ) of the Russian Empire , which existed from 1796 until 1929 .
The Eckerd Open is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1971 to 1990 .
The Cossack Hetmanate ( Ukrainian : Гетьманщина , Het’manshchyna ) , officially known as the Rus State or Zaporizhian Host ( Військо Запорозьке , Viys’kо Zaporoz’kе ) , was a Ukrainian Cossack state in Central Ukraine between 1649 and 1764 ( some sources claim until 1782 ) .
This would not succeed however and in 1958 the French Union was replaced by the French Community by Charles de Gaulle 's Fifth Republic wherein France was now a federation of states with their own self - government .
On 1 April 1964 , the Air Ministry was incorporated into the Ministry of Defence , and the position of Secretary of State for Air was abolished .
The First Republic of Venezuela ( Primera República de Venezuela in Spanish ) was the first independent government of Venezuela , lasting from July 5 , 1811 , to July 25 , 1812 .
Crave Entertainment was an American video game company that went bankrupt in 2012 .
CoCom ceased to function on March 31 , 1994 , and the then - current control list of embargoed goods was retained by the member nations until the successor , the Wassenaar Arrangement , was established .
In 1923 , IWUSP and the Second International merged to form the social democratic Labour and Socialist International .
The Emirate of Córdoba ( Arabic : إمارة قرطبة , Imārah Qurṭuba ) was an independent emirate in the Iberian Peninsula between 756 and 929 with Córdoba as its capital .
In 1970 , Nord Aviation merged with Sud Aviation to create Société nationale d'industrie aérospatiale ( SNIAS ) , later renamed Aérospatiale and ultimately merged into European aerospace corporation EADS in 2000 .
As a corporate entity , the Graham - Paige name continued until 1962 .
The Papal States were territories in the Italian Peninsula under the sovereign direct rule of the pope , from the 8th century until 1870 .
Sawaba was an outgrowth of several sources , and passed through several name changes prior to Niger 's independence from France in 1959 - 1960 .
The Black Panther Party or BPP ( originally the Black Panther Party for Self - Defense ) was a revolutionary black nationalist and socialist organization active in the United States from 1966 until 1982 , with its only international chapter operating in Algeria from 1969 until 1972 .
The Taifa of Alpuente was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1009 to 1106 .
The National Social Democratic Front ( Vietnamese : Mặt trận Quốc gia Dân chủ Xã hội ) was a political coalition in South Vietnam , from 1969 to April 1975 .
The Kingdom of Butua or Butwa ( c. 1450 - 1683 ) was a pre - colonial African state located in what is now southwestern Zimbabwe .
The Societé Générale des Voitures Automobiles Otto of Paris manufactured the Otto car from 1900 to 1914 , and the F.L. from 1909 to 1914 .
In 1878 Darvaz was invaded by neighboring Bukhara and absorbed into the Bukharan Emirate .
In 1413 , when the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland signed the Union of Horodło , the Principality of Minsk ceased to exist and the city became the center of the newly created Minsk Voivodeship .
Doriot , Flandrin & Parant ( D.F.P. ) was a French car maker based in Courbevoie , Seine between 1906 and 1926 .
Ildjarn recorded music until 1997 but did not officially end until 2005 .
Savolax and Karelia County ( Swedish : Savolax och Karelens län , Finnish : Savonlinnan ja Karjalan lääni ) was a county of Sweden 1775 - 1809 and province of Grand Duchy of Finland 1809 - 1831 .
In 1998 Social Christians contributed to the foundation of the Democrats of the Left and were later a faction within that party .
In 1949 , the Territory and the Territory of New Guinea were established in an administrative union by the name of the Territory of Papua and New Guinea .
After the Federation was dissolved , Nyasaland became independent from Britain on 6 July 1964 and was renamed Malawi .
The Cudell was a German car made from 1898 to 1908 .
Jérôme Champagne was educated at the Lycée d'Arsonval in Saint - Maur - des - Fossés(France ) before entering in 1978 at the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris ( Sciences - Po ) where he graduated in 1981 as well as at the Ecole Nationale des Langues et Civilisations Orientales ( INALCO ) .
Kevin McCormack graduated from St. Cathedral College and the Seminary of the Immaculate Conception and continued on to receive his master 's degree in education from Fordham University .
Nicolas Perrin studied at ETH Zurich , Dept . II for Construction Engineering , where he gained a diploma .
Born in England on 24 June 1942 , Colin Groves completed a Bachelor of Science at University College London in 1963 , and a Doctor of Philosophy at the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine in 1966 .
Fabrice Brégier was born in Dijon in July 1961 , and graduated from École Polytechnique and École des Mines de Paris .
Adesh Gupta is a Mechanical Engineer ( 1977 - -82 ) from Kurukshetra University , Kurukshetra ( Haryana ) .
Bonnie Richardson ( born September 9 , 1990 ) is an American track and field athlete from the small community of Rochelle , Texas , who is currently enrolled at Texas A&M University as a nutrition major and competes on its women 's track team in Combined Events .
He also has a convention centre named after him at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay known as the Victor Menezes Convention Centre ( VMCC ) which was inaugurated by Mr. Kapil Sibal on 8 January 2011 .
Having studied humanities at the University of Bucharest and at the Sorbonne in Paris , Miron Grindea from 1929 began reviewing music and literature for the Jewish cultural review ADAM and became its co - editor in 1936 .
Dariusz Kołodziejczyk ( 1962 - -present ) is a Polish historian and professor of the University of Warsaw .
The son of an Orthodox priest , Mihai Șora studied philosophy at the University of Bucharest from 1934 to 1938 , where he was a student of Mircea Eliade .
After attending Culver Military Academy and Duke University , serving in the United States Air Force , and a brief time as a sportswriter , Tal Smith began his baseball career in the front office of the Cincinnati Reds as a protégé of Gabe Paul , their general manager from 1951 - -1960 .
Frank Berry Hinton , known as Berry Hinton ( February 6 , 1910 -- January 22 , 2000 ) , was from 1943 to 1967 a champion baseball coach at Louisiana Tech University in Ruston , Louisiana .
Don Russell has a PhD from the London School of Economics , a Masters of Economics from the Australian National University and a Bachelor of Economics with first - degree honours from Flinders University .
Lou Reed quoted in Please Kill Me ( 1996 ) Upon his recovery from the bout of illness and associated treatment , Reed resumed his education at Syracuse University in 1960 , studying journalism , film directing , and creative writing .
As a University of Southern California student , Foy Draper won the IC4A championships in 200 m in 1935 .
Richard Blackford studied composition with John Lambert at the Royal College of Music and conducting with Norman Del Mar. He spent a number of years as Hans Werner Henze 's assistant in Italy , where he received his first commissions while immersed in the European avant - garde .
Pound and Cather residence halls at the University of Nebraska ( Lincoln ) are named after Louise Pound and Willa Cather , with whom Pound maintained a close friendship .
Born in Dunbar , Pennsylvania in 1908 , Marie Hochmuth Nichols attended the University of Pittsburgh , graduating with a bachelor 's and a master 's degree , and the University of Wisconsin , receiving her Ph . D. She then went on to teach at Mt.
Cardiff University honours the memory of Roy Jenkins by naming one of its halls of residence ' Roy Jenkins Hall ' .
David Otis Fuller ( November 20 , 1903 -- February 21 , 1988 ) was a graduate of Wheaton College in Wheaton , Illinois and Princeton Theological Seminary .
John Byers Anderson was the second son of the Rev. John Anderson , a missionary and trustee of Washington & Jefferson College from 1806 to 1831 .
Peter Glenville was educated by Jesuits at Stonyhurst College , one of England 's leading Catholic public schools , and from there went up to Christ Church , Oxford where he read Jurisprudence .
Anne Bredon ( born Anne Loeb on September 7 , 1930 in Berkeley , California ) is an American folk singer , best known for composing the song `` Babe I 'm Gon na Leave You '' while she was a student at University of California , Berkeley in the late 1950s .
Fanny Elizabeth Hunt ( 25 July 1863 - 1941 ) was the first woman to graduate with a Bachelor of Science from the University of Sydney , Australia , graduating in 1888 .
Arthur Hobhouse was educated at Eton College , St Andrews University and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he graduated in Natural Sciences .
Boehlert was born in Utica , New York to Elizabeth Monica Champoux and Sherwood Boehlert , and graduated from Utica College .
Jemma Redgrave was admitted to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art at the age of 18 .
Jessie Paul holds a Bachelor 's Degree in Computer Science & Engineering degree from National Institute of Technology , Tiruchirappalli , and an MBA in Marketing from Indian Institute of Management Calcutta .
Vytautas Merkys ( May 5 , 1929 in Čivai , near Kupiškis -- July 25 , 2012 ) was a Lithuanian historian and a professor at Vilnius University .
Carolyn Stafford Stein is a lecturer at Harvard Law School .
Gus Hunt received a ME in Civil / Structural Engineering from Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee .
In 1859 , with help from her brother Samuel and abolitionists , Lewis was sent to Oberlin College at the age of about fifteen , where she changed her name to Mary Edmonia Lewis .
William Ridley Wills , born Brownsville , Tennessee on March 4 , 1897 , was a graduate of Vanderbilt University and a member of the Fugitive literary group .
Herb Peyton attended the University of Florida , and was a member of the class of 1956 .
John Shadegg was born in Phoenix and received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Arizona at Tucson in 1972 and a Juris Doctor from the University of Arizona Law School , also in Tucson , in 1975 .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts , to the Rev. Samuel Dexter , the 4th minister of Dedham , he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln , Sr . , the future Attorney General of the United States .
Sheila Fitzpatrick attended the University of Melbourne ( BA , 1961 ) and received her DPhil from St Antony 's College , Oxford ( 1969 ) ; she was a Research Fellow at the London School of Slavonic and East European Studies , 1969 - -72 .
From 1948 - 51 , San Win studied art education at Goldsmiths , University of London ( formerly Goldsmiths College ) , and later studied at Columbia University from 1952 - 53 as a Fulbright / Smith - Mundt Scholar .
Tripod.com originated in 1992 with two Williams College classmates , Bo Peabody and Brett Hershey , along with Dick Sabot , an economics professor at the school .
Charles Old Goodford ( 15 July 1812 , Chilton - Cantelo -- 9 May 1884 , Eton ) was an English headmaster , provost of Eton College .
After his studies at Idhec ( Institut des hautes études cinématographiques , now La Fémis ) , Jean - Jacques Birgé is filled with a passion for images and sounds , and particularly for their potential to produce sense and create emotions .
Emily Sisson redshirted her 1st fall at University of Wisconsin before transferring to Providence College to train under Ray Tracey .
Thomas Ebbesen received his bachelors from Oberlin College , and a PhD from Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris in the field of photo - physical chemistry .
Blake and Taylor Griffin played at Oklahoma Christian School under their father , who was the head coach .
George Poschner ( Jan 15 , 1919-May 2 , 2004 ) , was a former football end who played for the University of Georgia from 1939 to 1942 .
Retha Warnicke graduated with a B.A. from Indiana University , magna cum laude , in 1961 .
Britton Chance ( July 24 , 1913 -- November 16 , 2010 ) was the Eldridge Reeves Johnson University Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry and Biophysics , as well as Professor Emeritus of Physical Chemistry and Radiological Physics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
John Lisnik is a former Maine politician and current University of Maine administrator .
Bruce Forbes holds a BA in Religious Studies from Morningside College , an MTh from Perkins School of Theology at Southern Methodist University , and a PhD from Princeton Theological Seminary .
Douglas Lane Patey is Sophia Smith Professor of English at Smith College in Northampton , MA .
Bharat Gupt , A retired Associate Professor in English , who taught at the College of Vocational Studies of the University of Delhi , is an Indian classicist , theatre theorist , sitar and surbahar player , musicologist , cultural analyst , and newspaper columnist .
Stuart Cheshire received his B.A. and M.A. degrees from Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge , U.K. , in June 1989 and June 1992 .
Ruth Pickett Thompson is a former All - American synchronized swimmer for the University of Michigan .
Ian Quayle Jones was educated at Strathallan School in Perthshire , Scotland and the University of Edinburgh , graduating with a degree in law .
James Couper Brash was born in Cathcart in Scotland , the son of James Brash , J.P. He was educated at George Watson 's College and the University of Edinburgh .
Vanessa Marie grew up in Detroit , Michigan and graduated from the University of Michigan 's Honors English program in 2005 .
The older of two sons of Preston Murdoch Geren , Jr. , of Fort Worth , Charlie Geren obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Southern Methodist University in University Park near Dallas .
Brian A. Britt is Assistant Director of the School of Music , Assistant Professor of Music , and Director of The Pride of Oklahoma Marching Band at the University of Oklahoma .
John Mark Ramseyer ( born c. 1954 ) is Mitsubishi Professor of Japanese Legal Studies at Harvard Law School and a leading scholar on the subjects of Japanese Law and Law and Economics .
Angela Braly received her undergraduate degree from Texas Tech University in 1982 and her Juris Doctor from Southern Methodist University School of Law .
Yvette Jarvis , a 1979 magna cum laude graduate of Boston University , moved to Greece in 1982 as an accomplished basketball player , to play for Panathinaikos .
Born in Shrewsbury on 29 September 1971 , John Moule was educated at Lady Margaret Hall , Oxford , where he was a Scholar and gained a first class degree in History .
Arthur Fletcher , a Republican , graduated from Washburn University and obtained a degree from distance learning school La Salle Extension University .
John Reily Knox ( May 20 , 1820 -- February 7 , 1898 ) was an American attorney who was the principal founder of Beta Theta Pi Fraternity at Miami University in 1839 .
Thomas Hemingway was a distinguished graduate of the Air Force ROTC program , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in November 1962 after earning his undergraduate degree at Willamette University .
Trevor Fisk ( 8 May 1943 -- 14 March 1993 ) was a British student union leader , executive at British Steel and a trailblazer in the field of healthcare marketing in the United States Fisk was elected President of the London School of Economics Student Union in 1964 , then attended the Inns of Court .
Jeanne Ruark Hoff ( born c. 1960 in Mississippi ) is a former college basketball player for Stanford University and the mother of Olympic swimming medalist Katie Hoff .
After the Cultural Revolution , Zhang Lifan was educated in the Institute of Modern History of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences ( 中国社科院近代史研究所 ) .
Robert Antoine Pinchon studied at Lycée Pierre - Corneille in Rouen at the turn of the century .
Stern attended NYU 's Tisch School of the Arts , and graduated in the class of `` 89 with a BFA from the Kanbar Film & TV Program . In 2015 , Jonathan Stern was listed on VideoInk 's 30 Digital Creatives To Know .
Zhou Xiaochuan graduated from Beijing Institute of Chemical Technology ( now Beijing University of Chemical Technology ) in 1975 and received a PhD degree in Automation and System Engineering from Tsinghua University in 1985 .
Nay Phone Latt graduated with Engineering degree from Yangon Technological University .
Mark Adamo ( born 1962 ) is an American composer , librettist and professor of music composition at New York University 's Steinhardt School of Culture , Education , and Human Development .
Guy von Dardel studied at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm .
Story Musgrave attended Dexter School , Brookline , Massachusetts and St. Mark 's School , Southborough , Massachusetts , from 1947 to 1953 , prior to dropping out of St. Mark 's .
Having learnt Greek , Hebrew , Latin and logic at Felsted , in preparation for university studies , he continued his education at Trinity College , Cambridge ; his uncle and namesake Isaac Barrow , afterwards Bishop of St Asaph , was a Fellow of Peterhouse .
Lois Conner received her BFA in photography from the Pratt Institute .
A Sheriff at Glasgow Sheriff Court , reputed to be the busiest court in Europe , Laura Duncan was born on 17 June 1947 and educated at the Hamilton Academy and the University of Glasgow .
Sally Blount is the Dean of the Kellogg School of Management and the Michael L. Nemmers Professor of Management and Organizations at Northwestern University .
Gerard Delanty ( born 1960 ) is a British sociologist and Professor of Sociology and Social & Political Thought at the University of Sussex .
Kin - Yip Chun is a Canadian geophysicist at the University of Toronto 's Department of Physics .
Stuart Weir is a British journalist , writer , and Visiting Professor with the Government Department at the University of Essex .
Matija Mesić ( Brod na Savi , February 19 , 1826 - Zagreb , December 5 , 1878 ) was a Croatian historian , university professor , the first rector of the University of Zagreb .
Yong Chin Pak is a 6th dan judo , 9th dan hapkido , and 8th dan taekwondo master and adjunct instructor in Exercise Sport Science and instructed students in the martial arts ( hapkido , judo , and taekwondo ) at Iowa State University from 1973 to 2013 .
Gunnar Broberg ( born 1942 ) is since 1990 Professor in History of Science and Ideas at Lund University , Sweden .
Paul Tiffany is a Senior Lecturer at the Haas School of Business at the University of California , Berkeley .
Hans - Joachim Veen ( born 29 August 1944 in Strasbourg ) is a German political scientist who since 1994 works as honorary professor at the University of Trier , Germany .
Ann Dooley is a professor with the Centre for Medieval Studies and the Celtic Studies Program at St. Michael 's College at the University of Toronto where she specializes in Irish literature .
Kenneth Feinberg is also an adjunct professor at the Columbia University School of Law , University of Pennsylvania Law School , Georgetown University Law Center , New York University School of Law , the University of Virginia School of Law and at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law .
Robert C. Lieberman ( born September 26 , 1964 ) is an American political scientist and the provost of the Johns Hopkins University .
Avraham Stern ( Hebrew : אברהם שטרן‎ , Avraham Shtern ) , alias Yair ( Hebrew : יאיר‎ ; December 23 , 1907 -- February 12 , 1942 ) was one of the leaders of the Jewish paramilitary organization Irgun .
Charles J. Lumsden ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian biologist in the Department of Medicine and Institute of Medical Science , University of Toronto .
Christian Genest ( /ʒənɛ/ ; born January 11 , 1957 , in Chicoutimi , Québec ) is a Professor in the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at McGill University ( Montréal , Canada ) , where he holds a Canada Research Chair .
John Otis Brew , born March 28 , 1906 , was an American Southwest archaeologist that not only conducted extensive archaeological research , but was also a director at the Peabody Museum at Harvard University .
Gregor Kiczales is a professor of computer science at the University of British Columbia in Canada .
Ronald F. Probstein ( born March 11 , 1928 ) is the Ford Professor of Engineering , Emeritus , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Santiago Lyon ( Born 1966 in Madrid , Spain ) is Vice President and Director of Photography of The Associated Press , responsible for the global photo report and the hundreds of photographers and photo editors worldwide who produce it .
John T. Edge ( 22 Dec , 1962 -- ) is a writer , commentator , and , since its founding in 1999 , director of the Southern Foodways Alliance , an institute of the Center for the Study of Southern Culture at the University of Mississippi .
Virginia Zakian is the Harry C. Wiess Professor in the Life Sciences in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University .
Boyo Ockinga is an Egyptologist , epigrapher , and philologist of the ancient Egyptian language , who holds the position of Associate Professor in the Department of Ancient History at Macquarie University in Sydney , Australia .
Yitzhak Shapira is an Israeli rabbi who lived in the West Bank Israeli settlement Yitzhar and is head of the Od Yosef Chai Yeshiva .
Charles Edward Merriam , Jr. ( November 15 , 1874 -- January 8 , 1953 ) was a professor of political science at the University of Chicago , founder of the behavioralistic approach to political science , a prominent intellectual in the Progressive Movement , and an advisor to several U.S. Presidents .
Mel Krajden , M.D. , is a professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada .
Valerie Tiberius is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Minnesota , an institution she has been affiliated with since 1998 .
Bruce Bueno de Mesquita ( born November 24 , 1946 ) is a political scientist , professor at New York University , and senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution .
Edward Francis Renwick , known as Ed Renwick ( born June 26 , 1938 ) , is a retired political scientist who is Professor Emeritus of Political Science and the former Director of the Institute of Politics at Loyola University New Orleans .
Adam D'Angelo is the chief executive officer and co - founder of Quora , an online knowledge market based in Mountain View , California .
María Dueñas is a professor of English Language and Literature at the University of Murcia .
S. Craig Watkins is a professor at the University of Texas at Austin and a media professional involved primarily with interactions between youth culture and the digital age .
Harryette Mullen ( born July 1 , 1953 ) , Professor of English at University of California , Los Angeles is an American poet , short story writer , and literary scholar .
John T. Hamilton ( born March 1 , 1963 , Bronx , NY ) is a literary scholar , musician , and William R. Kenan Professor of German and Comparative Literature at Harvard University .
Kumble R. Subbaswamy is the 11th and current chancellor of the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Martha Constantine - Paton is a neuroscientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
From 1982 to 1986 Peter Gruss was a professor at the University of Heidelberg 's Institute of Microbiology .
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht QC ( 16 August 1897 -- 8 May 1960 ) was a member of the United Nations ' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960 .
Helen C. White ( November 26 , 1896 -- June 7 , 1967 ) was a professor of English at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
John Hocking ( born 6 August 1957 ) of Australia is the United Nations Assistant Secretary - General , Registrar of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) and , concurrently , the Registrar of the Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals ( UNMICT ) .
Eugen Schwitzgebel ( 1900 -- 31 October 1944 , in Aarhus ) was a German officer , a SS Sturmbannführer and Gestapo leader in Aarhus during the Second World War .
W. Jeffrey Marsh is a religion professor at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and an author of several religiously themed books .
Alan Towers ( 1934 -- 24 May 2008 ) was a former presenter of Midlands Today , BBC Midlands ' regional news programme .
Ronald H. Petersen , more commonly known as Ron Petersen , born in 1934 , is a mycologist of the University of Tennessee .
In 1959 he was the founding director of the Casa del Lago , the first off - campus Cultural Center of the National Autonomous University of Mexico , now called the Casa del Lago Juan José Arreola .
James Isbell Armstrong ( April 20 , 1919 -- December 16 , 2013 ) was an American academic who was President of Middlebury College .
Donn B. Murphy ( born July 21 , 1930 ) taught theatre and speech courses at Georgetown University from 1954 to 2000 .
Jeffrey Bergner is President and Managing Financial Partner of Bergner Bockorny , Inc. He is an adjunct professor at the National Security Studies Program at Georgetown University .
Hilary Kornblith is an American Professor of philosophy at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , USA , and one of contemporary epistemology 's most prominent proponents of naturalized epistemology .
In 1973 , at the age of 26 , Shulamit Ran joined the faculty at University of Chicago , where she currently serves as the Andrew MacLeish Distinguished Service Professor in the Department of Music and as artistic director of Contempo ( formerly the Contemporary Chamber Players ) .
Colin Dayan ( also known as Joan Dayan ) , is the Robert Penn Warren Professor in the Humanities at Vanderbilt University , where she teaches American Studies , comparative literature , and the religious and legal history of the Americas .
Daniel Langlois ( born 1957 ) is the president and founder of the Daniel Langlois Foundation , Ex - Centris , and Media Principia Inc. Daniel Langlois also founded Softimage Inc. , serving as its president and chief technology officer from November 1986 to July 1998 .
Chris Tsakalakis is a Greek - American e - commerce executive , former president of StubHub and former general manager of eBay Tickets .
In 2006 , the Paul Kogerman scholarship was founded , to be granted to successful master 's and doctoral level students of the Faculties of Science and Chemical and Materials Technology of the Tallinn University of Technology .
Sigmund Mowinckel was educated at the University of Oslo ( 1908 ; ThD 1916 ) and from 1917 onward he was a lecturer there .
Anton Kaufman ( 1883 -- January 1 , 1943 ) was a reporter for the Berliner Morgen - Zeitung and later the publisher of the Detroit Daily Chronicle and the Newark Jewish Chronicle .
Jónas Kristjánsson ( 10 April 1924 -- 7 June 2014 ) was an Icelandic scholar and novelist , and one - time director of the Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies .
Morris Szeftel is an academic who worked at the University of Leeds and supported the Leeds University Centre for African Studies .
Vladimir Kanjuh ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Кањух ; Ohrid , 4 March 1929 ) , is a professor of pathology and cardiovascular pathology at the University of Belgrade 's School of Medicine .
Alain Connes ( French : ( alɛ̃ kɔn ) ; born 1 April 1947 ) is a French mathematician , currently Professor at the Collège de France , IHÉS , The Ohio State University and Vanderbilt University .
Makarand Paranjape ( born 31 August 1960 ) is an Indian poet and professor at the Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi , India .
Yasheng Huang ( Chinese : 黄亚生 ) is a professor in international management at the MIT Sloan School of Management , where he founded and heads the China Lab and India Lab . His research areas include human capital formation in China and India .
Jean - Pierre Abel - Rémusat ( 5 September 1788 -- 2 June 1832 ) was a French sinologist best known as the first Chair of Sinology at the Collège de France .
Germán Gullón ( Santander , May 21 , 1945 ) , literary critic and writer , is a professor of Spanish literature and member of the Amsterdam School for Cultural Analysis at the University of Amsterdam .
Herman Philipse ( born 13 May 1951 ) is a professor of philosophy at Utrecht University in the Netherlands .
John Oliver Wheeler ( 19 December 1924 -- 24 May 2015 ) was an award - winning Canadian geologist , who spent most of his career as a research scientist with the Geological Survey of Canada .
Elizabeth Topham Kennan ( born 1938 ) is an American academic who served as the 16th president of Mount Holyoke College from 1978 - -1995 .
Arash Markazi ( born March 4 , 1980 ) is an Iranian - American sports journalist currently writing for ESPN .
Muhammad S. Eissa is currently a Lecturer of Arabic at the University of Chicago , and prior to that was the Mellon Lecturer at the University of Michigan .
Barbara Hammer ( born May 15 , 1939 ) is an American filmmaker in the genre of experimental films and a professor at the European Graduate School in Saas - Fee .
Vasant Dhar is a professor at the Stern School of Business and the Center for Data Science at New York University .
Kate Stith ( aka Kate Stith - Cabranes ) is the Lafayette S. Foster Professor of Law and the former acting - Dean of Yale Law School .
Christopher J. Lane ( born 1966 ) is a British - American literary critic and intellectual historian who is currently Professor of English at Northwestern University and , formerly , the university 's Pearce Miller Research Professor of Literature .
Sam Distefano ( December 20 , 1926 -- April 13 , 2015 ) was vice - president of Playboy Enterprises and the Riviera Hotel and Casino , and a Chicago jazz pianist .
Raphael Rowe is an English investigative journalist , best known for his work with BBC Panorama .
William Allan Neilson ( 28 March 1869 -- 1946 ) was a Scottish - American educator , writer and lexicographer , graduated in the University of Edinburgh in 1891 and became a Ph.D. in Harvard University in 1898 .
Claud M. Davis ( born August 23 , 1924 ) an American engineer , inventor , and former employee of IBM Corporation at Poughkeepsie , New York , is known for his contributions to the development of the IBM System/360 and the development of air traffic control systems .
Charles Stafford ( born 6 November 1956 ) is Professor of Anthropology at the London School of Economics ; he is also one of the co - founders of the LSE 's Programme in Culture & Cognition .
David Wyss currently teaches economics at Brown University .
Benjamin Perrin is an associate professor at the Peter A. Allard School of Law at the University of British Columbia .
The University of Utah Press awards the Agha Shahid Ali Poetry Prize annually `` in memory of a celebrated poet and beloved teacher '' .
Eni Njoku is a former vice - chancellor of the University of Lagos .
Martha W. Alibali is Professor of Psychology and Educational Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison , and an investigator at the Wisconsin Center for Education Research .
David Pilbeam ( born 21 November 1940 in Brighton , Sussex , England ) is the Henry Ford II Professor of the Social Sciences at Harvard University and curator of paleoanthropology at the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology .
Joseph Geha ( born 1944 , Zahle , Lebanon ) , professor - emeritus at Iowa State University , is the author of two books , Through and Through :
Johann Borenstein is an Israeli roboticist and Professor at the University of Michigan .
The Rev. Edward Malloy , C.S.C. ( born May 3 , 1941 ) , nicknamed `` Monk '' , served from 1987 to 2005 as the 16th president of the University of Notre Dame .
Captain Mbaye Diagne ( 18 March 1958 -- 31 May 1994 ) was a Senegalese military officer and a United Nations military observer during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide .
August Friedrich Wilhelm Crome ( Sengwarden , 8 June 1753 -- 11 June 1833 , Rödelheim ) was a German economist and statistician , and Professor of Cameralism at the University of Giessen .
Martine Dennis is a British news anchor , known for presenting BBC World News .
Stephen Allan Scott ( born May 25 , 1940 ) is a Canadian law professor at McGill University .
David L. Kirp , is James D. Marver professor at the Goldman School of Public Policy at the University of California , Berkeley , member of the Barack Obama Presidential Transition Team and author .
Thomas Sewall Adams ( December 29 , 1873 -- February 8 , 1933 ) was an American economist , and educator , Professor of Political Economy at Yale University and advisor to the U.S. Treasury Department .
Professor Jan De Maeseneer ( Ghent , 30 June 1952 ) is a Belgian family physician and Head of the Department of Family Medicine and Primary Health Care of Ghent University .
Annabeth Rosen ( born 1957 Brooklyn , NY ) is an American sculptor , and the Robert Arneson Endowed Chair at University of California , Davis ,
Jonquil Panting ( born 26 February 1966 ) is a British radio director , notable for her work for BBC Radio 4 , such as Witness :
David Ron MD FRS FMedSci is a Professor of Cellular Pathophysiology and Clinical Biochemistry , Cambridge Institute for Medical Research and the Institute of Metabolic Science , University of Cambridge where he is also a Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellow .
Carol Stabile is a professor in the School of Journalism and Communication , department of Women 's and Gender Studies , at the University of Oregon .
Steven Crowell is an American philosopher who has taught at Rice University since 1983 and is the department chair .
Eugene Perry Link , Jr. ( born 1944 ) ( Chinese : 林培瑞 ; pinyin : Lín Péiruì ) is Chancellorial Chair Professor for Innovative Teaching Comparative Literature and Foreign Languages in College of Humanities , Arts , and Social Sciences at the University of California , Riverside and Emeritus Professor of East Asian Studies at Princeton University .
Hans - Dieter Brenner ( born 30 April 1952 ) a German businessman and Chief Executive of Helaba Landesbank Hessen - Thüringen .
Wolfgang Pesendorfer ( born 1963 ) is a professor of economics at Princeton University .
Richard W. Miller is a political philosopher and the Wyn and William Y. Hutchinson Professor in Ethics and Public Life at Cornell University .
Ken Birman ( born November 18 , 1955 ) is a professor in the Department of Computer Science at Cornell University .
Adam Nathan is a technical author / speaker , and currently works as a software architect at Microsoft .
Doris Betts ( June 4 , 1932 -- April 21 , 2012 ) was a short story writer , novelist , essayist and Alumni Distinguished Professor Emerita at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Evelyn Lambart ( 23 July 1914 -- 3 April 1999 ) was a Canadian animator and technical director with the National Film Board of Canada , known for her early collaborations with Norman McLaren as well as her later films , as sole director .
In 1950 they both moved to Nigeria , where Ulli Beier had been hired at the University of Ibadan to teach Phonetics .
Willy Brandt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɪli ˈbʁant ) ; born Herbert Ernst Karl Frahm ; 18 December 1913 -- 8 October 1992 ) was a German statesman and politician , leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) from 1964 to 1987 and chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1969 to 1974 .
Arthur Twining Hadley ( April 23 , 1856 -- March 6 , 1930 , i/ˈhædliː/ , HAD - lee ) was an economist who served as President of Yale University from 1899 to 1921 .
Bobby Fong ( c. 1950 -- September 8 , 2014 ) was an American academic and the President of Ursinus College in Collegeville , Pennsylvania .
Jody Armour is the Roy P. Crocker Professor of Law at the University of Southern California , where he specializes in race issues in legal decision - making .
Silas Merritt Robertson ( born April 27 , 1948 ) , known as Si Robertson and often referred to as `` Uncle Si '' , is an American television personality , preacher , hunter , outdoorsman , retired U.S. Army soldier , and duck - call maker at Duck Commander .
Michael Specter ( born 1955 ) is an American journalist who has been a staff writer , focusing on science and technology , and global public health at The New Yorker since September 1998 .
Donald Quataert ( September 10 , 1941 -- February 10 , 2011 ) was a Middle East / Ottoman historian at Binghamton University .
Roy Starrs ( born 1946 ) is a British - Canadian scholar of Japanese literature and culture who teaches at the University of Otago in New Zealand .
Nellie May Naylor ( March 20 , 1885 -- October 5 , 1992 ) was a longtime chemistry professor at Iowa State University .
Louis M. Aucoin is the United Nations Secretary - General Deputy Special Representative ( Rule of Law ) for Liberia .
Bernhard Schölkopf ( born February 20 , 1968 ) is a director at the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems in Tübingen , Germany , where he heads the Department of Empirical Inference .
Owsei Temkin ( Belarusian : Аўсей Цемкін ; October 6 , 1902 -- July 18 , 2002 ) was William H. Welch Professor Emeritus of the History of Medicine at Johns Hopkins University .
Incorporated on April 6 , 2010 , by Peter Ackerman and Kahlil Byrd , Americans Elect began recruiting delegates for its 2012 Presidential Primary in July 2011 .
CardRunners ( also `` Card Runners '' and `` Cardrunners '' ) is an instructional poker site developed by Taylor Caby .
GeekDad was started on March 15 , 2007 by Wired editor Chris Anderson .
Frank Karlitschek , a KDE software developer , started developing OwnCloud in January 2010 , in order to provide a free software replacement to proprietary storage service providers .
The Indian Liberal Group is a think tank founded in 1965 by Minoo Masani , author and parliamentarian , to promote the libertarian point of view and educate the public on the concept of libertarianism .
League for Programming Freedom ( LPF ) was founded in 1989 by Richard Stallman to unite free software developers as well as developers of proprietary software to fight against software patents and the extension of the scope of copyright .
1492 Pictures is an American film production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995 .
Cebu Pacific is currently headed by Lance Gokongwei , presumptive heir of John Gokongwei , the chairman emeritus of JG Summit .
Elma Ina Lewis ( September 15 , 1921 -- January 1 , 2004 ) was an American arts educator and the founder of the National Center of Afro - American Artists and The Elma Lewis School of Fine Arts .
Zuber & Cie , founded as Jean Zuber et Cie is a French Manufacture de Papier Peints et Tissus ( French for : painted wallpaper and fabrics ) company which claims to be the last factory in the world to produce woodblock printed wallpapers and furnishing fabrics .
Modelwerk is a modeling agency based in Hamburg , Germany .
After turnover in the executive staff , Maxtor decided it had made a mistake , and when Maxtor moved its headquarters to Milpitas , California , it gradually began to rebuild its engineering staff .
Puerto Rico Iron Works ( founded as Porto Rico Iron Works ) was a heavy industry iron foundry located in barrio La Playa in Ponce , Puerto Rico .
United Federal Credit Union ( UFCU ) is a federally chartered credit union based in St. Joseph , Michigan with a 60-year - plus history .
Pukka Pies is a manufacturer of pies based in Syston , Leicestershire , United Kingdom .
The company later dropped the professional audio products and Altec Lansing Professional 's Oklahoma City offices were closed in late 2006 and all remaining activities relocated to the Milford , Pennsylvania , headquarters .
Farfisa is a manufacturer of electronics based in Osimo , Italy .
The Styria Media Group AG , often referred to as just Styria , is an Austrian media company founded in 1869 and based in Graz .
Estwing Manufacturing Company is a manufacturing company headquartered in Rockford , Illinois .
The Rajiv Gandhi Mahila Vikas Pariyojana ( RGMVP ) is the flagship programme of Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust , a registered non - profit institution , working for poverty reduction , women empowerment and rural development in Uttar Pradesh , India since 2002 .
Tony Hymas started as a chorister at the Exeter Cathedral and studied piano at the Royal Academy of Music .
Tyshawn Sorey ( b. July 8 , 1980 in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American musician and composer who plays drum set , percussion , trombone and piano .
Albert Burbank ( March 25 , 1902 -- August 15 , 1976 ) was an American dixieland clarinet player .
Harry Glantz ( 1 January 1896 -- 18 December 1982 ) was a trumpet player .
Martín Méndez ( born April 6 , 1978 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is the bass guitar player of progressive death metal band Opeth and second most constant member of the band , behind lead vocalist , songwriter and guitarist Mikael Åkerfeldt .
Born in Philadelphia , Ray Bryant began playing the piano at the age of six , also performing on bass in junior high school .
Dustin Wong is a Chinese / American guitarist formerly active in the art - rock band Ponytail and a former member of the experimental guitar duo , Ecstatic Sunshine ( along with Matthew Papich ) .
Peppino D'Agostino was first drawn to the guitar after watching his cousin perform during church services in his hometown of Torino .
Kai Fagaschinski ( born July 10 , 1974 in Dannenberg , Lower Saxony ) is a Berlin based free improvisational clarinet player and composer .
Nassim Maalouf ( Arabic : نسيم معلوف ) ( b. Kafarakab , Lebanon , 1941 ) is a classical trumpet soloist particularly known for his adaptation of the trumpet to Arabic music with the introduction of the quarter tones on the trumpet .
Thorgeir Stubø ( 12 November 1943 - 22 October 1986 ) was a Norwegian jazz musician ( guitar ) and composer .
Guard called his group Dave Guard and the Calypsonians , with a Weavers - style signature sound that was principally two guitars , a banjo , and rollicking vocals .
Felippe Cioffi was a trombone soloist in the 19th century .
Yuri Naumov ( Russian : Юрий Леонидович Наумов , born May 3 , 1962 , Sverdlovsk , USSR ) is a poet , composer , singer and acoustic guitar player , a unique Russian bluesman .
Annie Whitehead ( born 16 July 1955 in Oldham , Lancashire ) is an English jazz trombone player .
Gabriel Merlino ( born 1977 ) is one of the most important bandoneon players from the new generation .
Orhan Demir - guitar Neil Swainson - acoustic bass Barry Elmes - drums Rick Lazaroff - electric bass Jack Vorvis - drums
Jean Ritchie ( December 8 , 1922 -- June 1 , 2015 ) was an American folk music singer , songwriter , and Appalachian dulcimer player .
Richard Iles ( born 1962 in Birmingham ) is a trumpet player and jazz composer .
Erling Møldrup ( born 1943 ) is a Danish classical guitarist best known for championing Danish guitar music from all periods .
Paulinho da Viola ( born Paulo César Batista de Faria on November 12 , 1942 ) ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pawˈlĩɲʊ daviˈɔlɐ ) ) is a Brazilian sambista , singer / songwriter , guitar , cavaquinho and mandolin player , known for his sophisticated harmonies and soft , gentle singing voice .
Ronan Browne is an Irish musician and composer who plays the uilleann pipes .
Otto Sauter ( born 1961 ) is a German trumpet soloist , who specializes on the piccolo trumpet .
Sukumar Prasad is a South Indian guitarist who was the first Carnatic musician to play the south Indian musical art form of Carnatic music on the electric guitar .
Scott Law is an American singer - songwriter , record producer , and multi - instrumentalist known for his work with guitar and mandolin .
Al Caldwell is an R&B musician who mainly plays the bass guitar and banjo with the Travelling Black Hillbillies .
Miles Gilderdale ( born in Kingston , Jamaica ) is a member of smooth jazz group Acoustic Alchemy and plays the steel - string acoustic guitar and electric guitar .
Tim Sparks ( born October 31 , 1954 ) is an American acoustic guitar player , singer , arranger and composer .
Darius Brubeck has created music for all types of ensemble , large and small , and one of his recent pieces is now included in the Royal School 's international Grade V piano syllabus .
Rob Eaton grew up in Vermont and was inspired to start playing guitar at the age of 12 after hearing the Grateful Dead 's Europe ' 72 .
Florizel von Reuter ( 21 January 1890 - 10 May 1985 ) was an American - born violinist and composer , a child prodigy who went on to an adult career , mainly in Germany , as distinguished soloist and teacher of violin .
Daniel Esquivel is the simultaneous lead singer and accordion player of the popular Mexican norteño band , Los Rieleros del Norte .
Both Judith Lang Zaimont and her sister , Doris Lang Kosloff , began piano lessons with their mother , Bertha Lang , who was an accomplished pianist and singer .
Alfred von Kiderlen - Waechter ( 10 July 1852 -- 30 December 1912 , né Alfred Kiderlen ) was a German diplomat and politician , who served as Foreign Secretary and head of the Foreign Office from 27 June 1910 to 30 December 1912 .
Jane Laurie Borthwick ( 9 April 1813 , Edinburgh , Scotland ; 7 September 1897 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) was hymn writer , translator of German hymns and a noble supporter of home and foreign missions .
Filippo Baldinucci ( 1624 -- 1 January 1697 ) was an Italian art historian and biographer .
Sami Järvi ( born 18 July 1970 ) , better known by his artist name Sam Lake ( ' Järvi ' is Finnish for lake ) , is a Finnish writer who is known for his work on the popular Max Payne video game series and for writing Alan Wake .
Louis - Joseph Alcide Railliet ( also known as Alcide Railliet , born March 11 , 1852 at La Neuville - lès - Wasigny in the Ardennes - died December 25 , 1930 ) was a French veterinarian and helminthologist .
Frane Bulić ( October 4 , 1846 - July 29 , 1934 ) was a Croatian priest , archaeologist , and historian .
Tulsi Chakraborty or Tulsi Chakrabarti ( Bengali : তুলসী চক্রবর্তী ; 3 March 1899 -- 11 December 1961 ) was an Indian actor and comedian who worked in Bengali cinema in 1940s and 1950s .
Boleslaw Cybis ( 1895 - -1957 ) was a Polish painter , sculptor , and muralist .
Ján Levoslav Bella ( German Johann Leopold Bella ; 4 September 1843 -- 25 May 1936 ) was a Slovak composer , conductor and music teacher , who wrote in the spirit of the Nationalist Romantic movement of the 19th century .
William Young Ottley ( 6 August 1771 -- 26 May 1836 ) was an English collector of and writer on art , amateur artist , and Keeper of the Department of Prints and Drawings at the British Museum .
The PDP-10 is a discontinued mainframe computer family manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) from 1966 into the 1980s .
The Winchester Model 52 was a bolt - action .22-caliber target rifle introduced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company in 1920 .
The ESP8266 is a low - cost Wi - Fi chip with full TCP / IP stack and microcontroller capability produced by Shanghai - based Chinese manufacturer , Espressif Systems The chip first came to the attention of western makers in August 2014 with the ESP-01 module , made by a third - party manufacturer , AI - Thinker .
The Aban Pearl was design by Aker H-3 and was built in 1977 by Far East Levingston Shipbuilding ( now part of the Keppel Corporation ) at the Levingston Singapore shipyard .
The Commodore 16 is a home computer made by Commodore International with a 6502-compatible 7501 or 8501 CPU , released in 1984 and intended to be an entry - level computer to replace the VIC-20 ..
The Hyundai Aero ( hangul:현대 에어로 ) is a large coach built by the Hyundai Motor Company .
The LAR-160 was designed in the late 1970s by Israel Military Industries , it was adopted by the Israeli Defense Forces in 1983
ER1 electric trainset was manufactured by Rīgas Vagonbūves Rūpnīca between 1957 and 1962 for suburban commuting usage within the Soviet Union on lines electrified on 3000 V , DC .
The Lockheed C-5 Galaxy is a large military transport aircraft originally designed and built by Lockheed , and now maintained and upgraded by its successor , Lockheed Martin .
Senseo is a registered trademark for a coffee brewing system from Dutch companies Philips and Douwe Egberts .
Didier Burkhalter ( born 17 April 1960 in Neuchâtel ) is a Swiss politician of FDP.The Liberals .
Mukat Behari Lal Bhargava ( 30 June 1903 -- 18 December 1980 in Jaipur ) was an Indian politician , a member of the Indian National Congress political party and a member of the Lok Sabha from 1951 to 1967 .
Seamus Donovan McClelland ( b. Toome , County Antrim , Northern Ireland , 14 January 1949 ) is a Protestant member of the mostly Catholic Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) in Northern Ireland .
John N. Dennis ( born February 25 , 1933 ) is an American Republican Party politician and business executive who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1968 to 1974 , and again from 1976 to 1978 .
Harmar Harmar - Nicholls , Baron Harmar - Nicholls ( 1 November 1912 -- 15 September 2000 ) , known as Sir Harmar Nicholls , 1st Baronet , from 1960 to 1975 , was a British Conservative Party politician .
Paula Björkqvist ( 3 January 1975 -- 17 July 2006 ) was a Finnish politician of the Centre Party in Jämsä .
Tony McKenna ( born 22 August 1939 ) is a former Fianna Fáil member of Seanad Éireann .
Felipe Sapag ( February 14 , 1917 -- March 14 , 2010 ) was an Argentine politician , governor of Neuquén Province on five occasions and a leading figure in the Neuquén People 's Movement and the locally influential Sapag family .
Majalli Wahabi ( Hebrew : מגלי והבה‎ , Arabic : مجلي وهبي‎ , also spelled Majalli Wahbee , born 12 February 1954 ) is an Israeli Druze politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud , Kadima and Hatnuah between 2003 and 2013 .
Anne Valen Hestetun ( 26 October 1920 -- 30 December 2009 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal People 's Party .
Ole Stavad ( born 1 June 1949 , Ejersted ) is a Danish politician representing the Social Democrats .
Livius Smitt ( 8 October 1840 -- 4 March 1890 ) was a Norwegian jurist and politician , joining the Conservative Party in 1884 .
Louis DeLuca ( born August 17 , 1933 ) is a retired businessman and a Republican Party politician in the United States .
Sven Trygve Falck ( born 9 March 1943 ) is a Norwegian engineer , businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party .
Arjun Narasingha K.C. ( Nepali : अर्जुन नरसिंह केसी ) ( born 27 September 1947 ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Nepali Congress .
Joan Baldoví Roda ( Valencian : ( dʒuˈam baldoˈvi ˈrɔða ) ; born Sueca , Valencia , 7 August 1958 ) is a Coalició Compromís politician , who has represented Valencia Province in the Congress of Deputies since 2011 .
Sachin Pilot ( born 7 September 1977 ) is a politician and a member of the Indian National Congress .
Johnny Geoghegan ( 5 November 1913 -- 5 January 1975 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for more than twenty years .
Jane Hutt AM ( born 15 December 1949 ) is a Welsh Labour politician and a Minister in the Welsh Government .
Onorato Damen ( 4 December 1893 -- 14 October 1979 ) , was an Italian left communist revolutionary who was first active in the Communist Party of Italy .
James E. Malone , Jr. ( born July 8 , 1957 ) is an American politician from Maryland and a member of the Democratic Party .
John Sinclair , 1st Baron Pentland GCSI GCIE PC ( 7 July 1860 -- 11 January 1925 ) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician , soldier , peer , administrator and Privy Councillor who served as the Secretary of Scotland from 1905 to 1912 and the Governor of Madras from 1912 to 1919 .
Jaime Mayor Oreja , ( born 12 July 1951 in San Sebastián ) is a Spanish politician who served as Interior Minister in the People 's Party government of José María Aznar before resigning in February 2001 to stand for Basque President on 13 May 2001 , a post he failed to win .
Juan Peset was also an active member of a left - wing republican political party called Izquierda Republicana ( Republican Left ) and later became its president in Valencia .
Jamie Nicholls ( born October 15 , 1971 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 election to represent the electoral district of Vaudreuil - Soulanges in Quebec as a member of the New Democratic Party .
William Richard Fletcher - Vane , 2nd Baron Inglewood DL , usually called Richard Inglewood ( born 31 July 1951 ) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Clemens Heereman von Zuydwyck was a German Centre Party parliamentarian .
Paula Teixeira da Cruz is a member of Social Democratic Party since 1995 .
Rudolf Bachmann ( August 10 , 1925 Westheim -- March 27 , 1998 Gunzenhausen ) was a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov ( born 18 August 1953 ) is a Kazakh politician who was Chairman of Otan and after renamed Nur Otan , the largest political party in Kazakhstan .
Sir Banja Tejan - Sie , GCMG ( 7 August 1917 -- 8 August 2000 ) was a politician and lawyer in Sierra Leone and one of the `` founding fathers '' of the Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) .
Walter James Edwards ( 1900 -- 15 October 1964 ) , known as Stoker Edwards or Wally Edwards , was a British Labour Party politician .
George Llewellen Palmer CB , TD ( 12 March 1857 -- 31 March 1932 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and British Army officer .
Giannis Diamantidis ( Greek : Γιάννης Διαμαντίδης , born in 1948 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement and the former Minister for Maritime Affairs , Islands and Fisheries of Greece .
I. I. Chundrigar first came to prominence when the Muslim League was to give its response to the Government of India Act 1935 .
Haque Nawaz Akhtar Chaudhry ( born 23 July 1961 ) is a Pakistani - Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party and 4th Vice President ( deputy speaker ) of the Norwegian parliament .
Su Su Nway ( Burmese : စုစုနွေး ; MLCTS : cu . cu . nwe : , IPA : ( sṵ sṵ nwé ) ; born 1971 ; also known as Su Su Nwe ) is a Burmese democracy activist , political prisoner , and member of the National League for Democracy ( NLD ) .
Tore Lindbekk ( born 8 April 1933 ) is a Norwegian sociologist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Jocelyn Davies ( born 18 June 1959 , Usk , Monmouthshire , Wales ) is a Plaid Cymru politician and a member of the National Assembly of Wales , list member for South Wales East since 1999 .
Mohamed Ag Najem ( alias Ag Mohamed Najem , alternatively spelled Mahamed Ag Najim ) is the chief of staff of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad ( MNLA ) army .
Pål Christian Roland ( born 30 January 1967 ) is a Norwegian health administrator and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Kiran Ghai ( born 23 August 1949 ) is a national vice president of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Samuel Forde Ridley ( 1864 -- 17 November 1944 ) was a British industrialist and Conservative Party politician .
Clyde Puli ( born on September 13 , 1969 ) is a Maltese Member of Parliament with the Nationalist Party , holding the position of Spokesperson for Family and Social Solidarity in the Opposition Shadow Cabinet .
Prof . Annelie Lotriet MP is a South African politician , a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , and the Shadow Minister of Science and Technology .
Patrick Karney is a Labour Party local councillor for the ward of Harpurhey , in the city of Manchester , in North West England , with his current term being until 2012 .
Kirk W. Conover ( born April 17 , 1954 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 2nd legislative district from 2003 to 2006 .
Kees Kok ( born 1 December 1949 ) is a Dutch politician , he has been a member of the Senate for the Party for Freedom since 2 October 2012 and the Provincial - Council of Flevoland since 24 March 2011 .
Kevin J. Ryan ( born May 6 , 1969 ) is a U.S. Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 36th legislative district .
Gesine Schwan ( born 22 May 1943 ) is a German political science professor and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Oddmund Myklebust ( 21 April 1915 -- 14 September 1972 ) was a Norwegian fisher and politician for the Centre Party .
Marco Antonio Rigau Jiménez ( born August 16 , 1946 ) is a Puerto Rican politician and attorney affiliated to the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) .
Vani Tripathi is former national secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party and an Indian actor who has acted in films like Chalte Chalte and Dushman .
As Gore Vidal , he was a Democratic Party politician who twice sought elected office ; first to the United States House of Representatives ( New York State , 1960 ) , then to the U.S. Senate ( California , 1982 ) .
William Jennings Bryan ( March 19 , 1860 -- July 26 , 1925 ) was an American orator and politician from Nebraska , and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party , standing three times as the Party 's candidate for President of the United States ( 1896 , 1900 and 1908 ) .
Maarten Vrolijk ( 14 May 1919 , Scheveningen -- 7 February 1994 , The Hague ) was a Dutch journalist , poet , and politician of the Labour Party ( PvdA ) .
Márton Gyöngyösi ( Gyöngyösi Márton ) is a Hungarian politician and one of the leaders of the Hungarian nationalist political party Jobbik .
Lola Voronina ( Russian : Лола Воронина ; born 26 November 1983 ) is a Russian politician of the Pirate Party of Russia ( PPRU ) , and has been beside the Russian born German Grégory Engels of the Pirate Party Germany co - chairperson of Pirate Parties International ( PPI ) since 15 April 2012 .
Antoine Waechter is a French politician , leader of the Independent Ecological Movement , born on February 11 , 1949 in Mulhouse ( Haut - Rhin )
Shri Virendra Bhatia ( April 22 , 1947 -- May 24 , 2010 ) was a politician from the Samajwadi Party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Horst Köhler ( German : ( ˈhɔɐ̯st ˈkøːlɐ ) ; born 22 February 1943 ) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union .
Carlos M. García Zambrana ( born August 22 , 1983 ) is minority spokesman for the Puerto Rican Independence Party as an elected official for the San Germán , Puerto Rico municipal assembly .
Raj Kishore Kesri ( died 2011 ) was an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party in Bihar .
Ioannis Tsoukalas ( Greek : Ιωάννης Τσουκαλάς ) is a Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament for New Democracy ; part of the European People 's Party .
Joseph Suliga ( October 1 , 1958 -- February 18 , 2005 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey State Senate , where he represented the 22nd Legislative District , until 2004 .
( Char-)Lotta Hedström , earlier Nilsson Hedström , ( born 13 September 1955 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish Green Party politician .
Mirko Marjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирко Марјановић , pronounced ( mǐːrko marjǎːnoʋit͡ɕ ) ; 27 July 1937 -- 21 February 2006 ) was a former Prime Minister of Serbia from 1994 to 2000 and a high - ranking official in Slobodan Milošević 's Socialist Party of Serbia ( SPS ) .
Mullah Mohammad Rabbani Akhund ( 1955 -- 15 April 2001 ) was one of the main founders of the Taliban movement .
Lena Olsson ( kan heta Anna Karlsson också ( born 1958 ) is a Swedish Left Party politician . She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006 . She was also a member from 1998 to 2002 .
Lewis Henry Isaacs ( 3 January 1830 -- 17 October 1908 ) was an English architect and surveyor and a Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892 .
Jean - Jacques De Gucht ( born 9 December 1983 in Munich ) is a Flemish politician and member of Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats .
Santiago Creel Miranda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sanˈtjaɣo kɾil miˈɾanda ) ; born on 11 December 1954 ) is a Mexican senator representing the centre - right National Action Party who served as Secretary of the Interior in the cabinet of President Vicente Fox .
Iyyunni Chalakka is Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur City in Kerala , India .
Margaret McCulloch ( born 9 May 1952 ) is a Scottish politician , who has served as the Scottish Labour Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Central Scotland region since 2011 .
Ciarán Cannon ( born 19 September 1965 ) is an Irish politician and a Fine Gael Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Galway East constituency since the 2011 general election .
Cem Toker ( born July 5 , 1957 ) , is a Turkish politician and the new leader of Liberal Democratic Party of Turkey ( Turkish : Liberal Demokrat Parti , LDP ) .
Farrand Stewart Stranahan ( February 2 , 1842 -- July 13 , 1904 ) was an American Civil War veteran , a railroad executive , a banker , and a U.S. politician of the Republican Party .
Eveline Hill , JP ( née Ridyard ; 16 April 1898 -- 22 September 1973 ) was a British catering business manager and Conservative Party politician .
Øivin Skappel Fjeldstad ( born 6 February 1936 ) is a Norwegian banker and politician for the Conservative Party .
Susan Westrom ( born May 15 , 1952 ) is a Democratic Party member of the Kentucky House of Representatives , representing District 79 since 1998 .
Michele Reinhart is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives , representing District 97 since 2007.Her political views include :
Edmund Buckley ( born 1815 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
Lawrence Cunliffe ( born 25 March 1929 ) is a retired British Labour Party politician .
Suresh Angadi ( Kannada : ಸುರೇಶ್ ಅಂಗಡಿ ) ( 1 June 1955 in Belgaum ) is a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Karnataka .
Thampanoor Ravi ( Malayalam:തമ്പാനൂര്‍ രവി ) ( born November 26 , 1949 in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala ) is an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress party and former Kerala MLA representing the Neyyattinkara constituency of Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
Mona Jönsson ( 1951 - - ) is a Swedish Green Party politician .
Maria Farantouri was an elected member of the Greek Parliament from 1989 - 1993 representing the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
Peter Borthwick ( 1804 -- 18 December 1852 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and newspaper editor .
George Iain Duncan Smith ( born 9 April 1954 ) , often referred to by his initials IDS , is a British Conservative Party politician .
Alexander Alan Craig is a British political campaigner who was leader of the Christian Peoples Alliance from 2004 to 2013 .
Lahcen Haddad ( Arabic : لحسن حداد‎ - born 16 March 1960 , Boujad ) is a Moroccan politician of the Popular Movement .
Jon A. Husted ( born August 25 , 1967 ) is an American politician of the Republican Party who currently serves as Ohio Secretary of State .
Li Zongren or Li Tsung - jen ( Chinese : 李宗仁 ; 13 August 1890 -- 30 January 1969 ) , courtesy name Delin ( Te - lin ; 德鄰 ) , was a prominent Guangxi warlord and Kuomintang ( KMT ) military commander during the Northern Expedition , Second Sino - Japanese War and Chinese Civil War .
Torill Selsvold Nyborg ( born 23 February 1952 ) is a Norwegian nurse , missionary and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Jyoti Basu ( Bengali : জ্যোতি বসু ; 8 July 1914 -- 16 January 2010 ) ; or Jyotirindra Basu was an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) from West Bengal , India .
Doug Stoner , a member of the Democratic Party , is a former state senator from Georgia and a candidate to be chairman of the Georgia Democratic Party .
Sydney Cope Morgan MBE QC ( 25 October 1887 -- 14 October 1967 ) , was a British barrister and Liberal Party politician .
Anne Marie Morris ( born 5 July 1957 , London ) is a British Conservative Party politician , who was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Newton Abbot .
Du Yuming ( Chinese : 杜聿明 ; pinyin : Dù Yùmíng ; 1904 - -1981 ) was a Kuomintang field commander .
Allan Rocher ( born 16 February 1936 ) , Australian politician , is a former Liberal Party of Australia Senator for Western Australia from 1978 to 1981 and member of the Australian House of Representatives Division of Curtin from 1981 to 1998 .
Ebba Busch Thor , born Ebba - Elisabeth Busch - Christensen , ( born 11 February 1987 ) is a Swedish politician of the Christian Democrats .
Terence Patrick Dicks ( born 17 March 1937 ) , commonly known as Terry Dicks , is a former British Conservative Party politician .
Shri Richpal Singh Mirdha ( श्री रिछपाल सिंह मिर्धा ) is a senior Indian National Congress leader in Rajasthan and a member of the Mirdha political dynasty .
George Frederic Stewart Bowles ( 17 November 1877 -- 1 January 1955 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and barrister .
András Schiffer ( born 19 June 1971 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian politician and lawyer , co - President of the Politics Can Be Different and leader of its parliamentary group .
Mohammed Saleh is a retired Major General and the current Senator for Kaduna Central , in Kaduna State , Nigeria , elected in the 9 April 2011 national elections on the Congress for Progressive Change ( CPC ) ticket .
Jeremiah Morrow ( October 6 , 1771 -- March 22 , 1852 ) was a Democratic - Republican Party politician from Ohio .
Christian Tybring - Gjedde ( born 8 August 1963 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party , and former senior civil servant .
After being signed permanently , Celsinho moved on loan to fellow league club C.F. Estrela da Amadora to gain more first - team experience .
Brenton Miels ( 12 January 1948 -- 19 October 1997 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) from 1969 to 1970 whilst serving national service with the Australian Army .
Richard Massolin ( born on February 21 , 1976 ) is a French footballer who is a defender plays for AS Yzeure .
Sulaiman Abdulghafour is a goalkeeper in Al Arabi SC and Kuwait national football team holding number 22 and 23 in the national team .
Laughter Chilembe ( born 25 November 1975 ) is a Zambian footballer , who currently plays for Power Dynamos F.C ..
Lorenzo Styles ( born January 31 , 1974 ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and St. Louis Rams , and spent half a season as the Head Coach of the Marion Blue Racers .
Nicolas Puydebois ( born February 28 , 1981 in Bron , Rhône ) is a French goalkeeper currently playing for Nîmes Olympique .
On 12 September 2010 Edmílson scored his first goal for Zaragoza , who lost 3 - -5 at home against Málaga CF . In June 2011 , after having contributed with only 12 games to the club 's final escape from relegation , he returned to his country and joined Ceará Sporting Club .
Estus Hood ( born November 14 , 1955 in Hattiesburg , Mississippi ) was an American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers .
Martin Hochertz ( born October 21 , 1968 in Cary , Illinois ) was an American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons , the Washington Redskins , and the Miami Dolphins .
Brigadier General Antonio Maldonado ( born 1941 ) , was an officer of the United States Air Force , who in 1967 became the youngest pilot and Aircraft Commander of a B-52 Stratofortress nuclear bomber .
James F. Merton ( 1845 - 1900 ) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition in 1871 .
Colonel Henry John Sweeney MC ( 1 June 1919 -- 4 June 2001 ) , known as Tod Sweeney , was an officer of the British Army .
Susan K. Mashiko is a retired United States Air Force major general who served as the Deputy Director , National Reconnaissance Office , Chantilly , Virginia .
David D. McKiernan ( born December 11 , 1950 ) is a retired United States Army four - star general who served in Afghanistan as Commander , International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) .
Phoebe Hessel , née Smith ( March 1713 -- 12 December 1821 ) was best known for disguising herself as a man to serve in the British Army , probably to be with her lover , Samuel Golding .
John Fitzhardinge Paul Butler VC , DSO ( 20 December 1888 -- 5 September 1916 ) was a British Army officer during the First World War and an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
James Campbell Clouston ( 31 August 1900 -- 3 June 1940 ) was a Canadian officer of the British Royal Navy , who acted as pier - master during the Dunkirk evacuation , and who was lost when his motor launch was sunk by enemy aircraft .
William Halford ( August 18 , 1841 -- February 7 , 1919 ) was a sailor , and later an officer , in the United States Navy .
Ted H. Scroggins was born in Tahlequah , Oklahoma , on 13 September 1918 and enlisted in the United States Navy on 7 December 1939 .
In Greek mythology , Melicertes ( ancient Greek Μελικέρτης , sometimes Melecertes , later called Palaemon Παλαίμων ) is the son of the Boeotian prince Athamas and Ino , daughter of Cadmus .
Prince Carl Christian of Hohenzollern ( German : Carl Christian Friedrich Johannes Meinrad Maria Hubertus Edmund Prinz von Hohenzollern ) ( born 5 April 1962 ) is the eldest child of Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern and of his wife Princess Birgitta of Sweden , sister of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden .
Ratul Shankar is the great - grandson of Shyam Shankar Chowdhury , grandson of Uday Shankar , grand nephew of Ravi Shankar , son of Mamata Shankar and nephew of singers Anoushka Shankar and Norah Jones .
Irena Kosíková was born in Prague into the intellectual family of the prohibited philosopher Karel Kosík and literary scientist Růžena Grebeníčková , the Herder prize laureate .
Timothy Shriver was born to Sargent Shriver , a former United States Ambassador to France and the Democratic Party 's vice - presidential candidate in 1972 , and Eunice Kennedy Shriver , the founder of Special Olympics .
Princess Marie of Hanover ( German : Marie Ernestine Josephine Adolphine Henrietta Theresa Elizabeth Alexandrina Prinzessin von Hannover und Cumberland ; 2 December 1849 -- 4 June 1904 ) was the younger daughter of King George V of Hanover and of his wife , Princess Marie of Saxe - Altenburg .
Sarah Chayes is the daughter of the late law professor and Kennedy administration member Abram Chayes and lawyer and former Undersecretary of the U.S. Air Force Antonia Handler Chayes .
Prince Nicolas of Belgium ( Nicolas Casimir Marie ; born 13 December 2005 ) is the second child of Prince Laurent and Princess Claire of Belgium .
Allison Hirschlag is the daughter of long - time actress Julia Barr of All My Children .
Cypselus , the son of Eëtion and a disfigured woman named Labda , who was a member of the Bacchiad family , the ruling dynasty , usurped power , became tyrant and expelled the Bacchiadae .
The White Ernz ( Luxembourgish : Wäiss Iernz , French : Ernz blanche , German : Weiße Ernz ) is a river flowing through Luxembourg , joining the Sauer at Reisdorf .
The Mornos empties into the Gulf of Corinth about 3 km southeast of Nafpaktos .
The Blees is a river flowing through Luxembourg , joining the Sauer at Bleesbruck .
Formed by the confluence of the Bedford and Glen Erskine creeks , the Erskine Creek ( officially designated a river ) rises below Mount Erskine , between Bullaburra and Wentworth Falls , and flows generally south , north - east , and east , before reaching its confluence with the Nepean River , near Mulgoa .
The Kabul River ( Persian / Urdu : دریای کابل‎ ; Pashto : کابل سیند‎ , Sanskrit : कुभा ) , the classical Cophes /ˈkoʊfiːz/ , is a 700-kilometre ( 430 mi ) long river that emerges in the Sanglakh Range of the Hindu Kush mountains in Afghanistan and empties into the Indus River near Attock , Pakistan .
As one of the few designated safe harbours on the city side of the bay , the Patterson River is the most popular boating gateway to Port Phillip Bay .
The Llano River ( /ˈlænoʊ/ LAN - oh ) is a tributary of the Colorado River , approximately 105 miles ( 169 km ) long , in central Texas in the United States .
The Ennepe is a river and a left tributary of the Volme in Northern Sauerland , Germany .
Oban River rises below Mount Duncan , Great Dividing Range on the slopes of the Great Dividing Range , within Little Llangothlin Lake , north of Guyra , and flows generally north - east towards its confluence with the Sara River , within Guy Fawkes River National Park and Chaelundi National Park .
The Tungabhadra River is a river in southern India that starts and flows through the state of Karnataka during most of its course , before flowing along the border between Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh and ultimately joining the Krishna River along the border of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana .
Nambucca River rises below Killiekrankie Mountain on the Dorrigo Plateau , part of the Great Dividing Range , and flows generally east southeast , joined by four tributaries including Taylors Arm , before reaching its mouth at the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean , at Nambucca Heads .
The Sangha River , a tributary of the Congo River , is located in Central Africa .
The Pelotas River ( Portuguese , Rio Pelotas ) ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( peˈlɔtɐs ) ) is a river in southern Brazil , and a tributary of the Uruguay River .
Part of the Po basin , it is a left tributary of the Dora Riparia and forms the valley called the Val Cenischia which marks the boundary between the Graian Alps to the north and the Cottian Alps to the south .
Murrumbidgee River ( /mʌrəmˈbɪdʒi/ ) , a major tributary of the Murray River within the Murray--
The Ille ( French pronunciation : ​(il ) ) is a small river in Brittany , France , right tributary of the river Vilaine .
The Oglio ( Italian : ( ˈɔʎʎo ) ; Latin Ollius , or Olius ; Lombard Òi ) is a left - side tributary of the Po River in Lombardy , Italy .
Tatarka River ( Russian : Татарка ) is a river in Perm Krai , Russia , a right bank tributary of the Babka River , which in turn is a tributary of the Sylva River .
The Chuya River ( Russian : Чуя ) is a river in the Altai Republic in Russia , a right tributary of the Katun River ( Ob 's basin ) .
The Luama River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
The Huveaune rises in the Castelette cave at 590 metres ( 1,940 ft ) in the Sainte - Baume mountain range , and discharges into the Mediterranean Sea at Marseille .
The Adar River ( or Khor Adar ) , known to the Dinka as the Yal , is a tributary of the White Nile in the state of Upper Nile , South Sudan .
Bilgola Creek rises about 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) west of Bilgola Head and flows generally east by south , from the Bilgola Escarpment through Littoral rainforest , coastal woodland and coastal clay heath communities directly out onto Bilgola Beach and into the Tasman Sea .
The Nattai River rises on the Mittagong Range within the Great Dividing Range , south of Mittagong , and flows generally north northwest and then north northeast , joined by nine tributaries including the Little River , before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River within Lake Burragorang southwest of the locality of Nattai .
The Birim River is one of the main tributaries of the Pra River in Ghana and the country 's most important diamond - producing area , flowing through most of the width of the Eastern region .
Walcrow River rises within the Tia Range on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , below Mount Carrington , south southeast of Walcha and flows generally southeast by south , before reaching its confluence with the Cooplacurripa River , north of Giro , northwest of Taree .
The Drwęca ( ˈdrvɛnt͡sa ) ( German : Drewenz , Lithuanian : Druvinčia ) is a river in northern Poland and a tributary of the Vistula river near Toruń , forming a part of the city 's administrative boundary .
The Jagst ( German pronunciation : ( ˈjakst ) ) is a right tributary of the Neckar in northern Baden - Württemberg .
The Higgs boson is named after Peter Higgs , one of six physicists who , in 1964 , proposed the mechanism that suggested the existence of such a particle .
The name `` Nicaragua '' was coined by Spanish colonists based on the name `` Nicarao '' , chief of the most populous indigenous tribe .
Helix Producer 1 is a ship - shaped monohull floating production and offloading vessel , converted from the ferry MV Karl Carstens .
In mathematics , the Cauchy condensation test , named after Augustin - Louis Cauchy , is a standard convergence test for infinite series .
Lutheranism is a major branch of Protestant Christianity that identifies with the theology of Martin Luther ( 1483 - 1546 ) -- a German friar , ecclesiastical reformer and theologian .
Ullmannite was named for German chemist and mineralogist , Johann Christoph Ullmann ( 1771 - -1821 ) , one of the fathers of systematic mineralogy .
The name of the town , `` Al - Malikiyah '' , is named after a Syrian army officer Adnan al - Malki .
Thórsmörk ( Icelandic : Þórsmörk , ( listen ) ) is a mountain ridge in Iceland that was named after the Norse god Thor ( Þórr ) .
Festa Junina ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfɛstɐ ʒuˈnĩnɐ ) , June Festival ) , also known as festa de São João for their part in celebrating the nativity of St. John the Baptist , are the annual Brazilian celebrations historically related to European Midsummer that take place in the beginning of the Brazilian winter .
The Museu d'Art Jaume Morera ( Jaume Morera Art Museum ) is a museum in Lleida ( Catalonia ) created by the Diputació de Lleida and the Lleida City Council ( La Paeria ) with the collaboration of the painter Jaume Morera i Galícia .
In mathematics , the Poincaré duality theorem , named after Henri Poincaré , is a basic result on the structure of the homology and cohomology groups of manifolds .
The Cannizzaro reaction , named after its discoverer Stanislao Cannizzaro , is a chemical reaction that involves the base - induced disproportionation of an aldehyde lacking a hydrogen atom in the alpha position .
Igbo art ( Igbo : Ǹkà Igbo ) is any body of visual art originating from the Igbo people .
The Görres Society was founded on 25 January 1876 in Koblenz by Catholic scientists and writers as the Görres - Gesellschaft zur Pflege der katholischen Wissenschaften in honour of Joseph Görres to advance Roman Catholic studies .
Lister Cars is a British sports car manufacturer founded by Brian Lister in 1954 in Cambridge , England , which became known for its involvement in motorsport .
Hall Basin is named after American polar explorer Charles Francis Hall .
The 9K111 Fagot ( Russian : 9K111 `` Фагот '' ; English meaning of the word : `` bassoon '' ) is a second - generation tube - launched SACLOS wire - guided anti - tank missile system of the Soviet Union for use from ground or vehicle mounts .
Kleetopes are named after Victor Klee .
7529 Vagnozzi ( 1994 BC ) is a main - belt asteroid , whose name is dedicated to Antonio Vagnozzi , an amateur Italian astronomer , a prolific discoverer of asteroids at Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory in Stroncone , Italy .
In mathematics , the syzygetic pencil or Hesse pencil , named for Otto Hesse , is a pencil ( one - dimensional family ) of cubic plane elliptic curves in the complex projective plane , defined by the equation \lambda(x^3+y^3+z^3 ) + \mu xyz = 0 .
After the group signed to Island Records the label suggested they change their name from Legacy to Dru Hill after Druid Hill Park , a popular park on the West side of Baltimore , the name of which is pronounced `` Dru Hill '' in the local Baltimore accent .
Tito & Tarantula is an American chicano rock / stoner rock band formed in Hollywood California in 1992 by singer / songwriter / guitarist Tito Larriva .
Goethite ( FeO(OH ) ) , ( /ˈɡɜrtaɪt/ GUR - tite ) named after the German polymath and poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe ( 1749 - -1832 ) , an iron bearing hydroxide mineral of the diaspore group , is found in soil and other low - temperature environments .
Siouxland is a vernacular region that encompasses the entire Big Sioux River drainage basin in the U.S. states of South Dakota , Minnesota , Nebraska and Iowa .
Riddarholmsbron ( Swedish : `` The Knights Islet bridge '' ) is a bridge in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden , leading from the square Riddarhustorget on Stadsholmen to the smaller neighbouring island Riddarholmen .
Varignon 's theorem is a statement in Euclidean geometry by Pierre Varignon that was first published in 1731 .
In mathematics , a Fermat number , named after Pierre de Fermat who first studied them , is a positive integer of the form F--(n ) = 2^((2^n ) ) + 1 where n is a nonnegative integer .
In 1844 , Joseph Liouville showed that all Liouville numbers are transcendental , thus establishing the existence of transcendental numbers for the first time .
Chlorargyrite is the mineral form of silver chloride ( AgCl ) .
The Rheinpark ( meaning : Rhine park ) is a 40 hectare ( 0,4 km² ) large urban park along the right bank of the River Rhine in Cologne , Germany .
Peer Steinbrück ( born 10 January 1947 ) is a German social democratic ( SPD ) politician .
Dominique Venner ( French : ( vɛnɛʁ ) ; 16 April 1935 -- 21 May 2013 ) was a French historian , journalist and essayist .
Heinrich Albertz ( 22 January 1915 -- 18 May 1993 ) was a German Protestant theologian , priest and politician of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
Marius Moutet ( 19 April 1876 -- 29 October 1968 ) was a French Socialist diplomat and colonial adviser .
Pierrette Fleutiaux ( 1941 , Guéret ) is a French writer .
Thierry Sandre ( real name Charles Moulié ) ( 9 May 1891 in Bayonne -- 1950 ) was a French writer , poet , essayist .
Gina Manès ( 7 April 1893 -- 6 September 1989 ) was a French film actress and a major star of French silent cinema .
Barbara Schulz ( born 1972 ) is a French actress who won the Prix Suzanne Bianchetti in 2001 .
Jean - Pierre de Peretti Della Rocca ( 26 June 1930 ; Switzerland--8 October 2001 , Tours , France ) was a Swiss - born French Union for French Democracy politician .
Hendrik Marsman ( 30 September 1899 , in Zeist -- 21 June 1940 , in Gulf of Biscay ) was a Dutch poet and writer .
Róbert Rácz ( born December 31 , 1967 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz Hajdú - Bihar County Regional List from 2002 to 2014 , and from his party 's national list for a short time in 2014 .
Frank Coppuck is a British engineer and racing car designer , who helped design the Pacific PR01 and PR02 Formula One cars .
P. K. Jayalakshmi is an Indian politician and the current Minister for Welfare of Backward Communities in the state Government of Kerala .
In an important qualification match on 20 August 1997 , Germany trailed Northern Ireland , 0 - -1 , with 20 minutes left when the manager of the national team , Berti Vogts , decided to send in Thomas Häßler and Oliver Bierhoff .
Vjekoslav Rosenberg - Ružić ( April 29 , 1870 -- February 16 , 1954 ) was Croatian Jewish composer , conductor and music educator .
Michael Essa is an American Drifter and racing driver who competes in the Formula D series , winning the championship in 2013 in a BMW M3 .
Robert Autry Inman ( January 6 , 1929 -- September 6 , 1988 ) , was an American country and rockabilly musician .
Omar Avila is a Cuban - American actor who appeared in the films Once Upon A Wedding and The Punisher .
R. D. Robb ( born March 31 , 1972 ) is an American actor who appeared as Schwartz in the 1983 film A Christmas Story .
Andrew Starykowicz ( born April 14 , 1982 ) is an American professional long - distance triathlete from Chicago , Illinois .
Toni Preckwinkle ( née Reed ; March 17 , 1947 ) is the current Cook County Board President and a former alderman in the Chicago City Council representing Chicago 's 4th ward in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Kanji Daramy is a Sierra Leonean journalist and was the spokesman for former Sierra Leone 's president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah during his second term as president from 2002 - 2007 .
Gerald Horne is an African - American historian who currently holds the John J. and Rebecca Moores Chair of History and African American Studies at the University of Houston .
Antti Asplund is a Finnish fashion designer and artist .
Ray Singer is a British record producer and owner of Singer Records .
Cam Guthrie is a Canadian politician , currently serving as mayor of Guelph , Ontario since December 1 , 2014 .
Richard Anthony Cerri , known as Dick Cerri ( June 1 , 1936 -- October 3 , 2013 ) was a well known Folk Music , American disc jockey in Washington , D.C. between 1960 and 1995 .
Since 1997 , George Savarese has been a teacher at Mt.
Jill Culiner ( born September 13 , 1945 ) is a Canadian folk artist , photographer and writer .
Martin Davidson ( born November 7 , 1939 ) is an American film director , producer , screenwriter , television director .
Pedro Acerden is a Filipino zarzuela playwright who writes in the Waray language .
Raphaelle Peale ( sometimes spelled Raphael Peale ) ( February 17 , 1774 -- March 4 , 1825 ) is considered the first professional American painter of still - life .
Rachel Bagby is a US - based , award - winning performance artist , author , poet , composer , and vocalist .
Russell Loris Arlett ( January 3 , 1899 -- May 16 , 1964 ) , also known as Buzz Arlett , was an American baseball player of German descent , sometimes called `` the Babe Ruth of the minor leagues . ''
Colette Bonheur ( September 20 , 1927 -- October 10 , 1966 ) whose real name is Colette Chailler , was a Quebec singer .
Eliezer Igra ( born 1954/5714 ) is a rabbi , dayan of the Upper Beit Din of Israel , the Av Beit Din of the Beersheba Beit Din , and the Moshav Rabbi of Kfar Maimon .
Erich Bergen ( born December 31 , 1985 ) is an American actor and presenter , perhaps best known for his role as Bob Gaudio in the biographical musical drama film Jersey Boys .
Jayson Terdiman ( born December 21 , 1988 ) is an American luger .
Sir William Masham , 1st Baronet ( c. 1592 -- c. 1656 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1655 .
John Kennett Starnes ( February 5 , 1918 -- December 23 , 2014 ) was a Canadian civil servant , diplomat , and novelist .
Marian Breland Bailey , born Marian Ruth Kruse ( December 2 , 1920 -- September 25 , 2001 ) and nicknamed `` Mouse '' , was an American psychologist , an applied behavior analyst who played a major role in developing empirically validated and humane animal training methods and in promoting their widespread implementation .
John Henry Pope , PC ( December 19 , 1824 -- April 1 , 1889 ) was a Canadian farmer , lumberman , railway entrepreneur , and politician .
John DeWitt Clinton Atkins ( June 4 , 1825 -- June 2 , 1908 ) was an American politician and a member of both the United States House of Representatives and Confederate Congress from Tennessee .
Jonathan Piel ( born 23 November 1938 ) is an American science journalist and editor .
Robert Resha ( 1920 - 1974 ) was a South African journalist and political dissident .
Eugene Amandus Schwarz ( 1844 , Silesia - 1928 ) was a German - American entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Bernward Koch ( born January 23 , 1957 in Siegen ) is a German composer , pianist and keyboardist .
Michael Angelakos ( born May 19 , 1987 ) is an American singer , songwriter , composer , record producer and musician of Greek descent .
Dora Greenwell , born Dorothy Greenwell ( 1821 - -1882 ) was an English poet .
John Goldingham was the first official astronomer of the Madras Observatory , appointed in 1802 .
Mazgani is an Iranian - Portuguese singer - songwriter .
Zach Allia is an American photographer , entrepreneur and web developer .
Paul Wayland Bartlett ( January 24 , 1865 -- September 20 , 1925 ) was an American sculptor working in the Beaux - Arts tradition of heroic realism .
( William ) D'Arcy McNickle ( January 14 , 1904 -- October 10 , 1977 ) was a writer , Native American activist and anthropologist .
Roque Esteban Scarpa Straboni ( March 26 , 1914 in Punta Arenas - January 11 , 1995 in Santiago ) was a Chilean writer , literary critic and scholar .
Hypsicles ( Greek : Ὑψικλῆς ; c. 190 -- c. 120 BCE ) was an ancient Greek mathematician and astronomer known for authoring On Ascensions ( Ἀναφορικός ) and the spurious Book XIV of Euclid 's Elements .
Mohan Kapoor is an Indian actor who works in television and film , most known as the host of television game show , Saanp Seedi .
Edward Hide was a multiple classic winning British jockey .
Alan McHugh is a Scottish actor , comedian and writer .
Hadi Kazemi is an Iranian actor mostly famous for his role as Nezam Du Barareh in Mehran Modiri 's comedy series Shabhaye Barareh , an Iranian satire television series broadcast by the IRIB network .
Thomas McNaughton ( born October 9 , 1983 ) is an American chef , restaurateur , and cookbook writer .
Robert Towne ( born Robert Bertram Schwartz ; November 23 , 1934 ) is an American screenwriter , producer , director and actor .
Karl Theodor Staiger worked as a chemist for the Queensland Government 1873 - 80 and worked with Nicholas Miklouho - Maclay .
Pramatha Nath Ray is an Indian politician and was the Minister of State for Development & Planning in the Government of West Bengal .
Deborah Brin is the first openly gay rabbi in Judaism .
Alé Garza ( born Alejandro Garza on May 4 , 1977 ) is a penciler and comics artist .
Diogenianus ( Greek : Διογενειανός , Διογενιανός ) was a Greek grammarian from Heraclea in Pontus ( or in Caria ) who flourished during the reign of Hadrian .
Hubert Rostaing ( September 17 , 1918 -- June 10 , 1990 ) was a jazz clarinetist and tenor saxophonist .
Peter Vlahakis ( born January 20 , 1982 in Shoreham , New York ) is a professional lacrosse player with the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse ( MLL ) and the holder of four MLL All - Time face - off records .
Edward Lucien Bobinski is a former Canadian diplomat .
William Bristol ( June 2 , 1779 -- May 7 , 1836 ) was a Mayor of New Haven , Connecticut , and United States federal judge .
Łukasz Czapla ( born December 8 , 1982 in Kraków ) is a Polish sport shooter , a four - time World champion and a former holder of the world record in 10 metre running target mixed .
Teuku Wisnu ( Born : March 4 , 1985 ) is an Aceh - blooded soap opera actor .
Redimi2 ( born Willy Cruz ; June 3 , 1979 ) is a Dominican Christian Music rapper and songwriter .
José W. F. Valle ( born June 2 , 1953 ) is a Brazilian - Spanish physicist whose research includes many aspects of astroparticle physics and high energy physics , especially neutrino physics .
Rudolf Karel ( * November 9 , 1880 in Pilsen -- murdered March 6 , 1945 in Theresienstadt ) was a distinguished Czech composer .
Vladimir Oravsky Swedish author and film director .
Paul McCrum ( 1962 - - ) is an Irish former cricketer .
Gar Waterman is a sculptor based in New Haven , Connecticut .
Devender Kumar Khandwal ( Hindi : देवेन्द्र कुमार खंडवाल ; born July 10 , 1986 in Garhi , Banswara ) is an Indian rower .
Suriyan Sor Rungvisai ( born Suriyan Kaiganha , March 2 , 1989 ) is a Thai professional boxer in the super flyweight division .
Louise Brooks ( November 14 , 1906 -- August 8 , 1985 ) , born Mary Louise Brooks , was an American film actress and dancer noted as an iconic symbol of the flapper , and for popularizing the bobbed haircut .
Maxime Bôcher ( August 28 , 1867 -- September 12 , 1918 ) was an American mathematician who published about 100 papers on differential equations , series , and algebra .
Patrick Huse ( born April 1 , 1948 ) is a Norwegian painter and multimedia artist .
Johnny Rawls ( born September 10 , 1951 ) is an American soul blues singer , guitarist , arranger , songwriter and record producer .
William A. Barnhill ( November 26 , 1889 -- November 1 , 1987 ) was an American photographer best known for his work in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the early 1900s .
Charley Chase ( October 20 , 1893 -- June 20 , 1940 ) was an American comedian , actor , screenwriter and film director , best known for his work in Hal Roach short film comedies .
Luo Luo ( Chinese : 落落 ) is a Chinese novelist and film director .
Cassietta George ( born Cassietta Baker on January 23 , 1929 in Memphis , Tennessee - January 3 , 1995 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American gospel vocalist , and composer .
Frank Caraballo ( born December 18 , 1984 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division .
Enrique Mazzola is a Spanish - born Italian conductor .
Albert F. Case , Jr. ( born March 2 , 1955 ) is an American software engineer and one of the leaders in the development of Computer - Aided Software Engineering ( CASE ) technologies and system development methodologies .
Erik Everhard ( born December 2 , 1976 ) is the stage name of Mitchell Hartwell , a Canadian pornographic actor and director , known for gonzo pornography films .
Margaret Bourke - White ( /ˌbɜːrkˈhwaɪt/ ; June 14 , 1904 -- August 27 , 1971 ) was an American photographer and documentary photographer .
Gunnar Meland is a Norwegian curler and world champion .
Ben Hanlin is a British magician and television presenter , best known for presenting the ITV2 series Tricked since 2013 .
Robert R. McCrae is a personality psychologist at the National Institute of Aging .
Marissa Roth is a freelance documentary photographer and photojournalist who lives in California and whose work is seen internationally in major news publications .
Valeriu Marcu ( 1899 - -1942 ) was a Romanian poet , writer and historian .
John Wallach ( January 18 , 1943 -- July 10 , 2002 ) was an American journalist , author and editor as well as founder of Seeds of Peace international camp in Maine .
Casey Nicholaw ( born 1962 ) is an American theatre director , choreographer and performer .
Stevie Ann ( born Anna Stephanie Struijk in Roggel , June 24 , 1986 ) is a Dutch singer - songwriter .
Park Hye - won ( Hangul : 박혜원 , Hanja : 朴慧園 ) ( born August 15 , 1983 in Seoul ) is a retired South Korean short track speed skater .
Jerome of Moravia ( or Hieronymus de Moravia ) ( died after 1271 ) was a medieval music theorist .
James Roscoe Drummond ( January 13 , 1902 -- September 30 , 1983 ) was an American political journalist , editor and syndicated Washington columnist .
Peter Harbison ( born 1939 ) is an Irish archaeologist and member of the Royal Irish Academy .
Tsay Jaw - yang ( Chinese : 蔡兆陽 ; died July 12 , 2008 ) was a Taiwanese politician who served as the country 's minister of Transportation and Communications .
Gabbie Rae ( born May 21 , 1998 ) is a rock singer born in New England , raised in Myrtle Beach , and who now calls Los Angeles home .
John Fauconer ( fl . 1421 ) was an English politician .
James Campbell ( born March 27 , 1969 ) , better known by his stage names Freddie Foxxx and Bumpy Knuckles , is an American rapper and music producer from Long Island , New York .
Snehasis Sur is an Indian senior TV journalist , working in Kolkata ( Calcutta ) station of `` Doordarshan '' , Indian Public Service TV broadcaster since 1988 .
Diane Dimond ( born November 15 , 1952 ) is an American television journalist , reporter and host .
Max Farrand , Ph.D. ( March 29 , 1869 -- June 17 , 1945 ) was an American historian , who taught at several universities and was the first director of the Huntington Library .
Konstantin Andriushin ( Russian : Константин Андрюшин ; born May 19 , 1975 ) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Howard Dwight Smith ( February 21 , 1886 -- April 27 , 1958 ) was an architect most known for his designs of the Ohio Stadium ( completed in 1922 ) for which he was awarded the American Institute of Architects Gold Medal for Public Building Design .
Mitch Markowitz is an American screenwriter best known for writing the film Good Morning , Vietnam .
Byron Ortile is a Filipino child actor and a commercial model , known for his role as Alvin in Sine Novela Gaano Kadalas ang Minsan , playing the son of Marvin Agustin and Camille Prats .
Steven Feld ( born August 20 , 1949 ) is an American ethnomusicologist , anthropologist , and linguist , who worked for many years with the Kaluli ( Bosavi ) people of Papua New Guinea .
John Dierkes ( February 10 , 1905 -- January 8 , 1975 ) was an American character actor present in several classic films .
John C. McKinley ( November 20 , 1859 -- May 1 , 1927 ) was a lawyer and Republican politician from the state of Missouri .
Lou Mathews is an American writer , novelist , journalist , playwright and short story writer based in Los Angeles .
Tad Robinson ( born June 24 , 1956 ) is an American singer , harmonica player , and songwriter .
Richard Hell ( born Richard Lester Meyers ) is an American singer , songwriter , bass guitarist , and writer .
Maya Beiser is an Israeli - born American classical cellist , performing artist and producer who lives in New York City .
Irving Bacon ( September 6 , 1893 -- February 5 , 1965 ) was an American character actor who appeared in almost 500 films .
Robert F. Julian is a New York Judge , lawyer and former sports executive .
Jason Yachanin is an American actor most known for playing Arbie in the comedy horror film Poultrygeist :
Chad Szeliga is an American drummer and percussionist from Elyria , Ohio .
George Pullicino ( born May 12 , 1964 ) is a Maltese politician , who served as Minister for Resources and Rural Affairs in a number of Nationalist Governments ( Maltese : Ministru għal l - Affarijiet Rurali u r - Riżorsi ) .
Dusan Kadlec , MFA , CSMA ( born December 21 , 1942 ) is a Czech - Canadian painter , born in Prague , Czechoslovakia ( Czech Republic ) .
Mark Edward became interested in magic through his maternal grandfather George Schaeffer , who was a card player and amateur magician .
Donny McCrary ( born October 15 , 1982 in St. Joseph , Missouri ) is an Irish - American professional boxer .
Greg Gilmore ( born January 3 , 1962 ) is a musician in Seattle , Washington , and co - founder of the recording label First World Music .
Hal Hartley ( born November 3 , 1959 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer and composer who became a key figure in the American independent film movement of the 1980s and ' 90s .
Pan Nalin is an Indian film director , screenwriter and documentary maker .
Oszkár Molnár ( born June 1 , 1956 ) is a Hungarian politician and has been member of the National Assembly ( MP ) between 1998 and 2014 .
Fernando Castro Pacheco ( January 26 , 1918 -- August 8 , 2013 ) was a Mexican painter , engraver , illustrator , printmaker and teacher .
David Hoselton is a Canadian screenwriter and television producer , best known for his work on the television series House and the animated films Over the Hedge and Brother Bear .
Dr. Muhammad Hasan Mahmud ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ হাছান মাহমুদ ; born 5 June 1963 ) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician who is the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Chittagong-7 and chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on the Ministry of Environment and Forests .
Gregg De Lorto ( born October 12 , 1950 ) is an American guitarist , singer - songwriter , arranger , producer and the California representative for The Heritage Guitar Company of Kalamazoo - Heritage Guitars and a native of California and great grandson of two Italian - born musicians and old world luthiers ( violin makers ) .
Christine Sun Kim is an American sound artist who has been deaf since birth .
Sharron Miller is an American television and film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Rennie Harris ( born Lorenzo Harris on January 28 , 1964 ) is a dancer , choreographer , artistic director and professor of hip - hop dance .
Jessica Wong ( born March 29 , 1991 ) is an ice hockey player from Baddeck , Nova Scotia , who currently plays for the Calgary Inferno of the Canadian Women 's Hockey League .
Einar Aaron Swan ( born Einar ( Eino ) William Swan ) ( March 20 , 1903 -- August 8 , 1940 ) was an American musician , arranger and composer .
Ralph Greenberg ( born 1944 ) is an American mathematician who has made notable contributions to number theory , in particular Iwasawa theory .
Ofer Gabber ( עופר גאבר ; born May 16 , 1958 ) is a mathematician working in algebraic geometry .
Nicholas Theodore `` Nick '' Nemeth ( born July 27 , 1980 ) , best known by the ring name Dolph Ziggler , is an American professional wrestler , stand - up comedian , and actor .
Roger Harmon is an American musicologist and lutenist who taught lute at the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore , Maryland .
Reginald Long was a British screenwriter and actor .
Clarence Rufus J. Rivers ( September 9 , 1931 -- November 21 , 2004 ) was a priest and well - known composer of liturgical music .
Travis Fulton ( born May 29 , 1977 ) is an American mixed martial artist and a professional boxer in the heavyweight division of both sports .
Maria Reiche ( 1903 - -1998 ) was a German mathematician , archaeologist , and technical translator who carried out research into the Nazca Lines in Peru , beginning in 1940 , and had success in gaining recognition and preservation of the property .
Guy Lefrant ( 1923 - -1993 ) was a French equestrian .
Tony Bowls ( born Arkansas , USA ) is a fashion designer and businessman who specializes in formal wear .
René R. Douglas ( born March 3 , 1967 in Panama City , Panama ) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing .
Félix Malloum or Félix Malloum Ngakoutou Bey - Ndi ( September 10 , 1932 -- June 12 , 2009 ) was a Chadian politician from the south .
Henry Evans Howell , Jr. ( September 5 , 1920 -- July 7 , 1997 ) , nicknamed `` Howlin ' '' Henry Howell , was an American politician from the U.S. state of Virginia .
Michael Everson ( born January 9 , 1963 ) is an American and Irish linguist , script encoder , typesetter , font designer , and publisher .
Antonio Oliviero ( born 18 July 1943 in Sorrento , Naples ) is a sailor from Italy .
Kuku Sebsebe ( surname also spelled Sebsibe ) is an Ethiopian popular singer .
Jake Heggie ( born March 31 , 1961 ) is an American composer of opera , vocal , orchestral , and chamber music .
This reform of the organization of the firefighter profession has been implemented smoothly , without conflicts , because of colonel Michel Lafourcade 's consultation and dialogue skills .
Iryna Zhuravska ( Ірина Журавська ; born January 14 , 1990 ) is a Ukrainian model who represented her country in the Miss World 2008 pageant , which took place on December 13 , 2008 , in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Katrina Voss worked as a bilingual broadcast meteorologist for The Weather Channel Latin America and AccuWeather and holds the AMS Seal .
Raamlaxman ( born Vijay Patil ) is an Indian composer , pianist , musician and accordionist .
Richard Crosse ( 1742 - -1810 ) was a leading English painter of portrait miniatures .
Runa Rizvi is an Indian classical and Bollywood playback singer .
Fiorella Mannoia ( Italian pronunciation : ( fjoˈrɛlla manˈnɔːja ) ; born April 4 , 1954 ) is an Italian singer .
Kelvin Goertzen , MLA ( born June 12 , 1969 ) is a Canadian politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba .
Matías Novoa , is a Chilean - Mexican actor and model .
Ana Nisi Goyco Graciani ( born c. 1951 in Ponce , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican politician , former senator and beauty queen .
He is an original Christian writer , and in his works can be found a great number of Proclus 's metaphysical principles .
Margaret Langrick ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian writer and retired actress .
Jerry Crutchfield ( born August 10 , 1934 ) is an American country and pop record producer , songwriter , and musician .
Abel Chapman ( 1851 - -1929 ) was an English , Sunderland - born hunter - naturalist .
Kirk Browning ( March 28 , 1921 -- February 10 , 2008 ) was an American television director and producer who had hundreds of productions to his credit , including 185 broadcasts of Live from Lincoln Center .
Cooper Boone ( born September 11 , 1963 ) is an American country music artist , psychologist and chef .
Avi Dichter ( Hebrew : אבי דיכטר‎ , IPA : ( ˈävi ˈdiχte̞ʁ ) ; born 4 December 1952 ) is an Israeli politician .
Jim Schwall ( born November 11 , 1942 ) is an American musician , singer - songwriter , and photographer .
Norman Alden ( born Norman Adelberg ; September 13 , 1924 -- July 27 , 2012 ) was an American character actor who performed in television programs and motion pictures .
Philemon Moongo ( April 11 , 1943 -- March 10 , 2015 ) was a Namibian politician .
Michelle Bello ( born Michelle Aisha Bello ; 30 September 1982 ) is a British Nigerian film director and film producer .
Johannes Abeel ( March 23 , 1667 - -January 28 , 1711 ) was an Albany , New York merchant and public official .
Mihai Fotino ( Romanian pronunciation : ( miˈhai fotiˈno ) ; September 14 , 1930 -- January 13 , 2014 ) was a prolific Romanian actor who has appeared in theatre , film , television , and radio , in a career spanning 70 years .
Maayan Davidovich ( Hebrew : מעין דוידוביץ'‎ ; born May 21 , 1988 ) is an Israeli Olympic windsurfer .
Ezra E. H. Griffith ( born 1942 , Barbados ) is an American psychiatrist .
Harry Conor ( c. 1856 -- April 1931 ) was a popular American comic actor , best known for playing the role of Welland Strong in A Trip to Chinatown .
Hung Yan - yan , also known as Xiong Xinxin , is a Hong Kong martial artist , actor , stuntman and action director originally from Liuzhou , Guangxi , China .
Amy Hoggart is a British stand - up comedian and actress , best known for starring in Almost Royal , a new faux - reality show on BBC America .
Between 2005 and 2010 , Edda Magnason collaborated with singer - songwriter , spoken word artist and film actor , Emil Jensen ( musician ) , often taking part in his performances and recordings .
Nikola Ležaić ( born August 6 , 1981 ) is a Serbian film director / screenwriter / film producer .
Elsdon Storey is an Australian neurologist , former Rhodes Scholar & Professor of Neurology at Monash University .
Pauline Turner Strong is an American anthropologist specializing in literary , historical , ethnographic , media , and popular representations of Native Americans .
Mohammed Kasim Reed ( born June 10 , 1969 ) is an American attorney and politician who is the 59th and current mayor of Atlanta , Georgia 's state capital and largest city .
Jack Catran ( January 22 , 1918 -- January 18 , 2001 ) was an American industrial designer , behavioral psychologist , scientist , and linguist .
Malcolm Burn ( born October 4 , 1960 ) is a Canadian - born music producer , recording engineer and musician .
Zoë Skoulding is a poet whose work also encompasses translation , editing , sound - based vocal performance , literary criticism and teaching creative writing .
David Alexander Nunn ( July 26 , 1833 -- September 11 , 1918 ) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee 's 8th congressional district .
Edward Betts 's first railway undertaking was to supervise the building of the Dutton Viaduct on the Grand Junction Railway for Hugh McIntosh under George Stephenson as engineer .
Jennifer Steinkamp ( born 1958 ) is an American installation artist who works with video and new media in order to explore ideas about architectural space , motion , and perception .
Annie Katsura Rollins is an American artist , scenic designer , and puppeteer .
Kevin Dilmore ( born June 12 , 1964 ) was a newspaper reporter and long - time contributing writer to Star Trek Communicator Magazine before breaking into fiction writing .
Albert Vickers Bryan ( July 23 , 1899 -- March 13 , 1984 ) was a United States federal judge , and the father of another federal judge , Albert Vickers Bryan , Jr ..
Cai Xuetong ( Chinese : 蔡雪桐 ; born September 26 , 1993 ) is a Chinese snowboarder .
David de Rothschild ( twin ) Alienor de Rothschild ( twin ) Ferdinand de Rothschild Louis de Rothschild An avid horse enthusiast , Édouard de Rothschild competes both nationally and internationally in equestrian show jumping .
Jeannie Bell is an Australian linguist , educator , language activist and language custodian .
Anna Stetsenko , born in the former Soviet Union , is a developmental psychologist at the City University of New York .
Nathan Gladwell is a British actor , best known for his role as builder Syd Woolfe on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale , a role which he played from 2002 until 2004 .
Xiomara Laugart Sanchez is a Cuban singer currently based in Massachusetts .
Terry Backer ( August 3 , 1954 -- December 14 , 2015 ) , born Terrance Eddy Backer , was an American politician who served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1993 until his death in 2015 .
Phaedo of Elis ( /ˈfiːdoʊ/ ; also Phaedon ; Greek : Φαίδων ὁ Ἠλεῖος , gen . : Φαίδωνος ; fl . 4th century BC ) was a Greek philosopher .
Samantha Maloney ( born December 11 , 1975 ) is an American musician best known for playing in the bands Hole , Mötley Crüe , Eagles of Death Metal and in Peaches ' live band `` The Herms '' .
Zheng Xingjuan ( born March 20 , 1989 in Fuqing , Fujian , PR China ) is a Chinese high jumper .
Yuri Boukoff ( Bulgarian : Юри Буков ; May 1 , 1923 -- January 8 , 2006 ) was a Bulgarian - French pianist .
David H. Holtzman is a former security analyst and military code - breaker , a futurist , activist , security expert , technologist , technology executive , and writer .
Sean Wirtz ( also Sean Kelly and Sean Kelly - Wirtz ; born October 31 , 1979 in Marathon , Ontario ) is a Canadian figure skater who competed in pair skating and single skating .
Cathy Connolly ( born September 15 , 1956 ) is an American professor and politician from Wyoming .
Hibaq Jama ( Somali : Xibaaq Jaamac , Arabic : ةيباق جاما‎ ) is a Somali - British politician .
Emma Jane Hogbin ( born May 2 , 1977 ) is a Canadian technical writer and free software advocate who lives in Nottingham , United Kingdom .
Paul Magrs ( pronounced `` Mars '' ; born 12 November 1969 ) is a writer and lecturer .
Gary W. Laidig ( born August 15 , 1948 ) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate and the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Roger Cloud ( December 4 , 1909 -- April 20 , 1988 ) , was an American politician of the Republican party .
Leo P. Ribuffo is an American historian and Society of the Cincinnati George Washington Distinguished Professor at George Washington University .
Aubert Miraeus ( November 30 , 1573 -- October 19 , 1640 ) , also called Aubert le Mire , was an ecclesiastical historian .
Dror Paley ( M.D. , FRCSC ) , is a Canadian orthopedic surgeon , who specialises in limb lengthening procedures .
Jang Keun - suk started working as a child model at the age of five after he was discovered by a talent agent .
Nikki Tilroe ( December 26 , 1941 -- September 1 , 2005 ) was an American puppeteer .
Edgar Cason , sometimes known as Ransom Edgar Cason ( born February 17 , 1952 ) , is a farmer , businessman , and philanthropist from Coushatta in Red River Parish in northwestern Louisiana , where he has resided since 1990 .
Darby Dunn ( née Mullany ) is an American journalist and reporter , known for appearing on the Fox News Channel , CNBC and CNN networks .
Philip Beckley ( born 25 May 1936 ) is a British physicist , author , and lecturer .
Stanisław Skrowaczewski ( Polish : ( staˌɲiswaf skrɔvaˈt͡ʂɛfskʲi ) ; born October 3 , 1923 ) is a Polish - American classical conductor and composer .
Rossella Jardini ( b. Bergamo , 1952 ) , is an Italian fashion designer and businessperson who from 1994 to 2013 worked as Creative Director for Moschino following the death of Franco Moschino .
Koji Akiyama ( 秋山 幸二 Akiyama Kōji , born April 6 , 1962 in Miyahara , Kumamoto ) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player .
George Calef is a Canadian wildlife biologist , author and photographer , who won the Governor General 's Award for English - language non - fiction at the 1981 Governor General 's Awards for his nature book Caribou and the Barren - Lands .
Laurens W. Molenkamp is an experimental condensed matter physicist .
Cuthbert Hely was an English lutenist and composer who was active during the first half of the 17th century .
Andrew James Allen ( born July 16 , 1987 ) is an American film , television actor , and musician .
Rob Halverson is an American record producer , songwriter and studio engineer , who lives in Austin , Texas .
Mamoru Sato is an American modernist sculptor .
Helen Churchill Candee was a supporting character in novelist Danielle Steel 's No Greater Love , based on the sinking of the Titanic .
Chloé Isaac ( born June 5 , 1991 ) is a French - born Canadian synchronized swimmer who competed at the London 2012 Olympics and 2013 World Aquatics Championships .
Bill Kennemer ( born 1946 ) is a clinical psychologist and Republican politician in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Anton Vassil is a screenwriter / film director who worked on various feature films , music videos , commercials and documentaries .
Berthold Landauer ( sometimes given as Berchtold ) ( fl . 1396 , d. 1430/1432 ) was a German painter active in Nuremberg .
Ryan Adams ( born David Ryan Adams ; November 5 , 1974 ) is an American singer - songwriter , musician , producer , poet and painter .
I Wayan Balawan ( born September 9 , 1973 in Bali ) , better known by the single name Balawan , is an Indonesian guitarist and songwriter .
Mukkur N. Subramanian is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Cheyyar constituency .
Myung Mi Kim ( born December 6 , 1957 ) is a Korean American poet noted for her postmodern writings .
Bryan Nash Gill ( November 3 , 1961 -- May 17 , 2013 ) was an American artist who worked primarily with wood , in the form of relief prints and sculptures .
Gabreïl Spiegelschrift ( April 30 , 1973 ) is a Canadian contemporary dance choreographer born in Fergus , Ontario .
Gonzalo Soltero is a barely known underground Mexican writer , who has kept himself outside of the limelight and literary cliques .
Naftali Bezem ( Hebrew : נפתלי בזם‎ ; born November 27 , 1924 ) is an Israeli painter , muralist , and sculptor .
Anil Bhoyrul is a former Daily Mirror business journalist who was investigated over the so - called ' City Slickers ' share tipping scandal along with the paper 's then editor , Piers Morgan and fellow reporter James Hipwell .
Mario von Bucovich 's wife , Marie , was also a photographer .
Sue Johanson , CM ( born March 16 , 1930 ) is a Canadian writer , public speaker , registered nurse , sex educator , and media personality .
Michael Getler is an American journalist and ombudsman for the Public Broadcasting Service in the United States .
Alexandru Caraman ( Russian : Aлексáндр Карамáн , Aleksandr Karaman ) , born in Cioburciu , Slobozia district ) , is a Transnistrian politician .
Patrick Duddy is an American diplomat , formerly United States Ambassador to Venezuela .
Harold Arlen ( February 15 , 1905 -- April 23 , 1986 ) was an American composer of popular music , having written over 500 songs , a number of which have become known worldwide .
Dick Katz ( March 13 , 1924 -- November 10 , 2009 ) was an American jazz pianist , arranger and record producer .
Giovanni Stefano Verdura was a 17th - century Italian painter of the Baroque period , mainly active in Genoa and later in the Piedmont .
Geoff Foster is an English recording and mix engineer , best known for his work on numerous film scores .
Marshall Jay Kaplan ( born July 24 , 1965 ) is a Gemini Award nominated senior television producer , director , and host .
William Bramwell Withers ( 1823 - -1913 ) , was an Anglo - Australian historian and journalist .
Nigel Anthony ( born 1941 ) is a theatre , television , and radio actor .
Hiroshi Karube is a paralympic swimmer from Japan competing mainly in category SB3 events .
Arachchige Manjula Nishantha Munasinghe ( born December 10 , 1971 ) , best known as Manjula Munasinghe , is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played five One Day Internationals ( ODIs ) between 1994 and 1996 .
Amanullah Khan Jadoon is a Pakistani politician served as the Federal Minister for Petroleum & Natural Resources during 2002 to 2007 and political rival of Mehtab Ahmed Khan .
Todd La Torre ( /tɒd lə ˈtɒri/ ; born February 19 , 1974 ) is an American singer and drummer .
Rainbow Sun Francks ( born December 3 , 1979 ) is a Canadian actor and songwriter .
Kristin Mooney is an American pop music , folk rock and Americana singer and songwriter .
Leraldo Anzaldua ( Born June 22 , 1975 ) is an American actor , stunt coordinator , and voice actor who works with ADV Films and Seraphim Digital / Sentai Filmworks .
Mark Hertsgaard ( born 1956 ) is an American journalist who is environmental correspondent for The Nation .
Gretchen Jones is an American fashion designer , who won the eighth season of Project Runway .
Jed Horne is a Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist who was for many years city editor of `` The Times - Picayune '' , the New Orleans daily newspaper .
Mark John McEncroe ( born 1947 ) is an Australian composer of contemporary easy listening piano and orchestral music .
Ping Medina ( born Crispin Medina II on July 23 , 1983 ) is a Filipino film actor .
Maria Gheorghiu ( born August 28 , 1963 in Reșița ) is a Romanian folk singer and songwriter .
Nicholas Murray Butler ( April 2 , 1862 -- December 7 , 1947 ) was an American philosopher , diplomat , and educator .
Captain Jim Churchill ( 1863 -- January 19 , 1930 ) was an American businessman , restaurateur and NYPD police captain .
Thomas Knaggs ( c.1661 -- 12 May 1724 ) was a preacher and publisher of sermons .
Mindy Jacobsen is the first blind woman to be ordained as a hazzan ( also called a cantor ) in the history of Judaism ; she was ordained in 1978 by Hebrew Union College .
DeForest Covan ( September 9 , 1917-September 8 , 2007 ) was an American actor , dancer , and former black vaudeville performer .
John Vernon Lord is an illustrator , author and teacher .
Peter Bampton was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the SANFL during the 1920s .
`` As an author , poet , teacher , scriptwriter and painter , P. K. Page was an extraordinary and varied force in promoting and developing Canadian culture .
Arellius was a Roman painter active in the 1st century BC , mentioned by Pliny .
Philip Bryden , BA ( Dalhousie ) 1975 , BA ( Jurisprudence ) ( Oxford ) 1978 , B.C.L. ( Oxford ) 1979 , LL.M. ( Harvard ) 1985 is a lawyer , and Deputy Minister .
Hoter ben Shlomo ( Hoteb / Hatab ben Shlomo , Manṣūr ibn Sulaymān al - Dhamārī , Manṣūr ibn Sulaymān al - Ghamari , c.1400 - -c.1480 ) was a scholar and philosopher from Yemen who was heavily influenced by the earlier works of Natan'el al - Fayyumi , Maimonides , Saadia Gaon and al - Ghazali .
Vusi Malinga is a South African professional boxer that has twice fought for major world titles at bantamweight and has appeared in a professional fight on Showtime .
Dan Danknick is a physicist and roboticist that graduated from UCI and has made several appearances on robotics related television shows .
Anthony Alofsin ( born on June 22 , 1949 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an architect , artist , art historian , writer , and professor .
Jonathan Avildsen is an American actor who has played a handful of minor roles mostly in feature films , with a few appearances in television
Eric Bloom ( born December 1 , 1944 ) is an American singer , songwriter and musician .
Anne - Marie Helder is a British singer and songwriter , best known for fronting the UK rock band Panic Room .
Gita Piramal , also known as Dr. Gita Piramal ( born c.1954 ) is an Indian writer and business historian .
Dominik Straga ( born June 20 , 1988 in Rijeka ) is a Croatian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
Thomas Hannah was an architect in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia in the United States .
Aston Croall ( born July 10 , 1984 ) is an English rugby union player for Harlequins .
Steven Adkins ( born April 29 , 1979 ) is an American retired professional wrestler , better known by his ring name , Seth Skyfire .
Charles Dierkop ( born September 11 , 1936 ) is an American film and television character actor .
Christian Steger ( born August 15 , 1967 ) is an Italian skeleton racer who competed from the late 1990s to 2002 .
Kim Yoon - ah ( Hangul : 김윤아 ; hanja : 金倫我 ; born March 11 , 1974 ) is a South Korean singer and songwriter .
Dr. Tanzil Haider Usmani is a Pakistani chemist and a former additional chairman of the Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( PCSIR ) .
SuAnne Big Crow ( March 15 , 1974 - February 9 , 1992 ) was a basketball player for the 1989 South Dakota champion Pine Ridge High School team .
Ignaz Jastrow ( September 13 , 1856 , Nakel - May 2 , 1937 , Berlin ) was a German economist and historian .
Logan Wright , Jr. ( December 3 , 1933 -- December 18 , 1999 ) was an American pediatric psychologist and former president of the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
Robert H. Gray is an American data analyst , author , and astronomer .
Pablo Kleinman is an Argentine - born American entrepreneur and journalist , pioneer of the development of online services in Latin America .
Paul Killick is a British professional ballroom dancer and an International Latin American Dance Champion .
`` I 'd given up all hope of finding a quality singer for Gamma until I heard Davey Pattison , '' according to Montrose .
Nicola Ugolino ( fl . 1720s ) was an Italian lute player and composer .
Brian Balmages is an American producer , conductor , performer and composer of music .
Julia Solis is a writer and photographer who investigates ruined urban spaces .
Melinda Sullivan ( born September 30 , 1987 ) is a dancer , choreographer and actress .
Dan Sperry ( born August 1985 , Minnesota ) is an American magician and illusionist .
Ella Guru ( born May 24 , 1966 ) is an American painter and musician living in London , United Kingdom .
Karikho Kri is politician from Arunachal Pradesh state in India .
Sarah Garner ( born May 21 , 1971 ) is an American rower and Olympic bronze medalist .
Konrad Emil Bloch , ForMemRS ( January 21 , 1912 -- October 15 , 2000 ) was a German American biochemist .
Herb Kehrl ( 1941/2 - 2005 ) was an American politician representing Michigan 's 56th district in the Michigan House of Representatives from 2004 until his death in 2005 .
Raman Makarau is a Belarusian paralympic swimmer .
Jenniphr Goodman is a film director best known for directing and co - writing the 2000 film The Tao of Steve .
Ray Sepúlveda is a Puerto Rican American salsa ( music ) singer , born in Brooklyn , New York .
Felix Ives Batson ( September 6 , 1819 -- March 11 , 1871 ) was a prominent American lawyer and politician from Arkansas .
Max Burnett ( born July 24 , 1969 in Dallas , Texas ) is a screenwriter , director , and producer who has been active in film and television since 1991 .
Zakk Wylde ( born Jeffrey Phillip Wielandt on January 14 , 1967 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and occasional actor who is best known as the former guitarist for Ozzy Osbourne , and founder of the heavy metal band Black Label Society .
Rob Hopkins is an independent activist and writer on environmental issues , based in Totnes , England .
Martin P. Vangsli ( listed sometimes as Martin Peder Vangli ) was a Norwegian cross - country skier who was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1937 ( Shared with Olaf Hoffsbakken and Birger Ruud ) .
Yunus Emre ( Turkish pronunciation : ( juˈnus emˈɾe ) ) ( 1238 - -1320 ) was a Turkish poet and Sufi mystic .
Tranquillo Zerbi was a leading Italian automotive engineer .
Peter Lown ( born May 29 , 1947 in Bolton , Lancashire , England ) is a former field hockey player .
Yatin Karyekar ( Marathi : यतिन कार्येकर ) is a veteran Indian actor in the Bollywood film industry .
William Wirt Virgin ( September 18 , 1823 -- January 23 , 1893 ) was an American politician and jurist from Maine .
Sakthi Paramesh ( sometime known as Parameswar ) is a Tamil film director .
Marek Szwarc was a painter and sculptor .
Alexis Kochan ( Ukrainian : Алексіс Коxан ) is a Ukrainian - Canadian composer and singer .
Siddhant Karnick ( सिद्धान्त कर्णिक ) is an Indian television and film actor .
Yiannis Parios ( Greek : Γιάννης Πάριος ) is a Greek singer - songwriter .
Sonia Sanchez ( born Wilsonia Benita Driver , September 9 , 1934 ) is an African - American poet most often associated with the Black Arts Movement .
Aristid von Grosse was a German nuclear chemist .
Union Minister of State for Food and Consumer Affairs K. V. Thomas described Sukumari as an actor who conquered the film scene with her unique acting style .
Marcus Junius Pera was a Roman politician during the Second Punic War .
HK119 is the alter ego of Finnish multimedia artist , singer and recording artist Heidi Kilpeläinen , who lives and works in London , UK .
Marvin David Levy ( August 2 , 1932 -- February 9 , 2015 ) was an American composer , best known for his opera Mourning Becomes Electra .
Mark Lemongello ( born July 21 , 1955 in Jersey City , New Jersey ) is a retired professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1976 - -1979 .
Yair Dalal is an Israeli musician of Iraqi - Jewish descent .
Abdul Bari Jahani ( عبدالباري جهاني ) is an Afghan poet , novelist , historian and journalist .
Matthew Lidaywa Mwange ( born January 2 , 1979 in Vihiga ) is a Kenyan single sculls rower .
Kelly M. Schulz ( born January 2 , 1969 ) is an American politician and serves as the Secretary of the Maryland Department of Labor , Licensing and Regulation .
Edgar E. Witt ( January 28 , 1876 -- July 11 , 1965 ) was a Texas lawyer and politician , serving as Lieutenant Governor for two terms in the 1930s .
Mark C. Smith ( September 10 , 1940 -- March 27 , 2007 ) was the founder and chief executive officer of ADTRAN .
Fu Tong Wong , is a Chinese - American musician / composer currently residing in Taiwan .
Song Il - gon ( born January 1 , 1971 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter known for his internationally award - winning early short films , and later feature films such as Spider Forest ( 2004 ) and Feathers in the Wind ( 2005 ) .
Fachtna mac Folachtan is the third recorded abbot , including Brendan .
Clarence Paul Oliver ( November 8 , 1898 -- July 10 , 1991 ) , known to his friends as `` Pete '' , was an American geneticist .
Lucie Green , When asked where her love of space science came from , Green has said : `` As a child , I remember hearing my parents say that they thought I was going to be an astrophysicist when I grew up .
Amy Rivard , ( born Chatham ) is a Canadian singer , songwriter and actress .
Oliver Peyton ( born 26 September 1961 ) is an Irish restaurateur and judge on the BBC television series Great British Menu .
Laura Swisher is a stand - up comedian based in Los Angeles , California , best known for her role as co - host of the former TechTV program Unscrewed with Martin Sargent from 2003 to 2004 .
Nilanjana Sarkar is a playback singer who received the 57th National Film Awards ( 2009 ) for her song in the bengali film Houseful .
Ricardo Villalba is an Argentine forester and dendrochronologist specialized in paleoclimate studies .
Dingdong Avanzado ( born July 7 , 1968 ) is a singer , actor , politician , TV host , and composer in the Philippine music industry .
Kelli Martin ( born July 15 , 1980 ) is an independent American fashion designer .
David Viscott ( May 24 , 1938 - October 10 , 1996 ) , was an American psychiatrist , author , businessman , and media personality .
Ratnakaravarni was a 16th - century Kannada poet and writer .
Kelly Carrington born Kelly Hemberger is a model and clothing designer .
Barbara Jacak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjat͡sak ) ) is a nuclear physicist who uses heavy ion collisions for fundamental studies of hot , dense nuclear matter .
Nicholas Williams ( born September 23 , 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Trinidad James ( often stylized as Trinidad Jame$ ) , is an Trinidadian - American rapper based out of Atlanta , Georgia .
Stacy Dean Campbell ( b. July 27 , 1967 , Carlsbad , New Mexico ) is an American singer - songwriter , author and TV host .
Bill Kajikawa ( September 6 , 1912 -- February 15 , 2010 ) was the head men 's basketball coach at Arizona State University from 1949 to 1957 .
Stevland Hardaway Morris ( born Stevland Hardaway Judkins ; May 13 , 1950 ) , known by his stage name Stevie Wonder , is an American musician , singer , songwriter , record producer , and multi - instrumentalist .
Willis Lucullus Palmer ( December 13 , 1854 - October 30 , 1912 ) was an American politician , who was the twelfth Mayor of Orlando from 1891 to 1893 .
Daniella Pavicic ( Pavičić ) aka Daniella , is a Croatian - Canadian singer and songwriter , raised in Toronto .
Frankie Carle ( March 25 , 1903 -- March 7 , 2001 ) , born Francis Nunzio Carlone , was an American pianist and bandleader .
Thomas Green Clemson , ( July 1 , 1807 -- April 6 , 1888 ) was an American politician and statesman , serving as an ambassador and the United States Superintendent of Agriculture .
Denyse Sibley ( born February 14 , 1962 ) is a radio host for CHFX - FM FX 101.9 in Halifax .
Nagwa Abdel Meguid is an Egyptian geneticist and 2012 winner of the L’Oreal UNESCO Award for Women in Science for Africa and the Middle East .
Hahn Rowe is an internationally renowned violinist , guitarist , composer , and engineer / producer involved in a wide range of projects .
James Warring ( born November 26 , 1958 ) is an American boxer , kickboxer and mixed martial artist .
Tom Gralish is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American photographer .
Edward Aburrow senior ( baptized at Hambledon , Hampshire 25 Jan 1714/1715 , buried at Slindon , Sussex 25 Apr 1763 ) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century .
Enrico Alvino ( 1809 - -1872 ) was an Italian architect and urban designer , particularly active in Naples in the mid-19th century .
Deepti Hajela is an American journalist who has been a newswoman for the Associated Press since 1996 .
Tobias Geffen ( Hebrew : טוביה גפן‎ ) ( August 1 , 1870 -- February 10 , 1970 ) was an American Orthodox rabbi .
Dan Maddicott is a children 's television producer .
Joseph Saxton ( 1799 - 1873 ) was an American inventor , born at Huntingdon , Pa.
Albert and Eliska had ten children , including Albert , Jr. , Fernando , Joseph , Benjamin , René , Clement , David , Leonidas , Frederick , and Lelia . Albert Estopinal , Jr. , became a St. Bernard Parish politician too , serving as parish judge and as sheriff at the time of his father 's death .
Glenn Simon is an American actor best known for his appearances with the Virginia City Players , Montana 's oldest summer stock company , specializing in authentic 19th century entertainment .
Roger Aaron Brown ( born June 12 , 1949 ) is an African American character actor known for his role as Deputy Chief Joe Noland on the hit CBS drama television series The District from 2000 to 2004 , and for his minor role in the 1988 science fiction film Alien Nation as Det .
Anne Bannerman ( 1765 - -1829 ) was a Scottish poet .
Melanie Moore ( born March 1 , 1962 ) is an American former pornographic actress and nude model .
Lothar Wundratsch is a retired German rower who won the European title in coxed fours in 1957 , together with Gerhard Müller , Egon Meyer , Heinz Dathe and Dietmar Domnick .
Kyle Bobby Dunn ( born February 27 , 1986 in Ontario ) is a composer , arranger , and live performer of modern compositional and guitar based drone music .
Richard Devon ( December 11 , 1926 -- February 26 , 2010 ) was an American character actor best known for his roles in television and film .
Mohammad Anisul Hakim Khan Rabbani ( born September 24 , 1975 in Comilla District , Chittagong ) is a first class cricketer who played for Chittagong Division from 2001/02 to 2003/04 .
Sheila Kennedy is a model and actress who was the December 1981 Penthouse Pet of the Month and the 1983 Pet of the Year .
Darren Reiher ( born 4 July 1978 in Portadown , Northern Ireland , United Kingdom as Darren Keefe Reiher ) is an American actor .
Clint Wilder is a business journalist who has covered the high - tech and clean - tech industries since 1985 .
Benson Everett Legg ( born June 8 , 1947 ) is a Senior United States federal judge .
Alexander Frenkel ( born March 4 , 1985 , in Kirovograd , Ukraine ) is a German cruiserweight boxer of Ukrainian origin .
Raúl Porras Barrenechea was a Peruvian diplomat , historian and politician .
Ann Hood ( born 1956 ) is an American novelist and short story writer ; she has also written nonfiction .
Bernard of Chartres ( Bernardus Carnotensis ) ( died after 1124 ) was a twelfth - century French Neo - Platonist philosopher , scholar , and administrator .
Colonel Fei Junlong ( simplified Chinese : 费俊龙 ; traditional Chinese : 費俊龍 ; pinyin : Fèi Jùnlóng ; born 1965 ) is a Chinese military pilot and an astronaut .
Cintra Wilson ( born 1967 , California ) is an American writer , performer and cultural critic .
James Francis Macbride ( 1892 - -1976 ) was an American botanist who devoted most of his professional life to the study of the flora of Peru .
Veit Krenn ( born November 3 , 1960 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a German pathologist and sculptor of Austrian origin .
Víctor Hugo Arévalo Jordán ( born December 23 , 1946 in Cochabamba ) is a Bolivian writer and noted university professor .
Paul Lustig Dunkel is an American flutist and conductor .
Wakaba Higuchi ( Japanese : 樋口新葉 , born January 2 , 2001 ) is a Japanese figure skater .
Clifton Hyde ( born November 27 , 1976 ) is an American multi - instrumentalist , composer and producer currently working from and residing in New York City .
Marc Butan is an American film producer who runs 2929 Productions , a production and financing arm of 2929 Entertainment formed in 2003 .
Asma al - Ghul ( also Al Ghoul , Alghoul ) is a young secular Palestinian feminist journalist who writes for the Ramallah - based newspaper Al - Ayyam , chronicling what she calls `` the corruption of Fatah and the terrorism of Hamas . ''
Brett Abrahams , PhD ( born March 3 , 1973 ) is a geneticist and neuroscientist involved in the identification and subsequent functional characterization of the autism - related gene CNTNAP2 with Dan Geschwind at UCLA .
Marian Spore Bush ( October 22 , 1878 -- February 24 , 1946 ) left her successful Michigan dental practice for a studio in Greenwich Village , New York City , and became a self - taught painter in the 1920s .
Jack Rudy is an American tattoo artist notable for his reinvention of the ' Black and Gray ' style of tattooing , realistic portraits , and single - needle use .
Claudia Pavel ( born October 19 , 1984 , in Mangalia ) , alias Claudia Cream , is a Romanian pop singer and dancer .
Crystal Smith , better known by her stage name Dimples D. , is an American rapper who became a one - hit wonder in 1990 .
Akop Stepanyan ( Акоп Степанян , born May 6 , 1986 ) is a Russian - Armenian mixed martial artist former fighting in the featherweight and lightweight division for the Bellator Fighting Championships .
Philip Rosenau ( Hebrew : פיליפ רוזנאו‎ , born 1946 ) , is an Israeli mathematician and a poet .
Loz Wildbore is an English rugby league player currently playing for Wales based Championship One club South Wales Scorpions .
Ed Oakley is a municipal politician from Dallas , Texas .
Jérôme Demers ( August 1 , 1774 -- May 17 , 1853 ) was a Québécois Roman Catholic priest , author , architect , educator , and ecclesiastical administrator .
Thollem McDonas is an American pianist , improviser , composer , singer - songwriter , touring performer , musical educator , and social critic .
Tor Hamer ( born January 20 , 1983 ) is an American boxer from New York best known for winning the National Golden Gloves 2008 at super heavyweight .
Germán Legarreta ( born August 30 , 1981 ) is a Puerto Rican - born American film and television actor .
William Marvell was an English executioner in the 18th century .
Paul Ford ( born Paul Ford Weaver ; November 2 , 1901 -- April 12 , 1976 ) was an American character actor who came to specialize in authority figures whose ineptitude and pompous demeanor were played for comic effect .
Richard Van Slater ( born May 19 , 1951 ) , better known by his ring name `` Dirty '' Dick Slater , is a retired American professional wrestler who wrestled in the 1970s , 1980s , and mid-1990s for various promotions including Mid - Atlantic Championship Wrestling and World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) .
Thomas Gordon Thompson ( November 28 , 1888 -- August 10 , 1961 ) was an American chemist and oceanographer .
Muttamsetti Srinivasa Rao popularly known as Avanthi Srinivas is an Indian educationalist turned politician and a member of parliament from Anakapalli ( Lok Sabha constituency ) , Andhra Pradesh .
Hans Normann Dahl ( born 7 October 1937 ) is a Norwegian illustrator , painter and sculptor .
Marco Sabiu ( born September 1 , 1963 ) is an Italian - born musician and composer who has worked with Take That , Kylie Minogue , Lydia Canaan , Barry Blue , Christopher Lee , and made music for television .
Marco Goldschmied ( born 1944 ) is an architect best known as co - founder and managing director of Richard Rogers Partnership .
Elaine Wulcko ( born September 1959 in Hastings ) was an English women 's international cricketer .
A. Jon Stoessl is a Canadian neurologist and Parkinson 's disease researcher .
Arthur Millett ( April 21 , 1874 , Pittsfield , Maine -- February 24 , 1952 , Los Angeles , California ) was an early American motion picture actor whose career was at its height in the silent film era .
Paris Berelc ( born December 29 , 1998 ) is an American actress , gymnast , and model , best known for her role as Skylar Storm in the Disney XD series Mighty Med .
Francis Arthur Heron ( 1864 - 1940 ) was an English entomologist who specialised in African , Neotropical and Oriental butterflies .
Battista Beccario , also known as Baptista Beccharius ( name also sometimes given as `` Beccaria '' , `` Beccari '' or `` Bedrazio '' ) , was a 15th - century Genoese cartographer .
Jahnu Barua ( Assamese : জাহ্নু বৰুৱা , Hindi : जाहनू बरूवा ) ( 1952 - - ) is a multiple national and international award - winning Indian film director from Assam He has directed a number of Assamese and Hindi films , and along with Bhabendra Nath Saikia was one of the pioneers of Assamese Art cinema .
Liv Warfield is an American R&B singer - songwriter native to Peoria , IL , whose career can be traced back to her college years in Portland , Oregon .
Claes Oldenburg ( born January 28 1929 ) is an American sculptor , best known for his public art installations typically featuring very large replicas of everyday objects .
Turkish singer Burcu Güneş was very interested in Ceza , and released the song Sahilden with a featuring of Özçalkan , and another Turkish singer , Candan Erçetin , gave him the chance to make a song with her .
Waheed Khan is a documentary television director working in British television .
Anandarayar Sahib was a poet and administrator who served as a minister in the courts of the Thanjavur Maratha kings Shahuji I , Serfoji I and Tukkoji .
Kieron Elliott is a Scottish actor , a host , and a voice - over actor .
In 2009 , a jury representing nine countries selected Duo Duo as the 2010 winner of the $ 50,000 Neustadt International Prize for Literature , making him the award 's 21st laureate and the first Chinese author to win the prize .
Angie Lewin is a British printmaker working in linocut , wood engraving ,
Nusrat Javed ( Urdu : نصرت جاوید‎ ) , is a Pakistani columnist , journalist and news anchor .
Lee Kyoung - mi ( Hangul : 이경미 Korean pronunciation : ( igjeongmi ) ; born December 1973 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter .
Tam Joseph ( born in 1947 ) is a Dominica - born British painter , formerly known as Tom Joseph .
Enrico Arbarello is an Italian mathematician who is a leading expert in algebraic geometry .
Shehroz Sabzwari ( Urdu : شہروز سبزواری‎ ) is a Pakistani actor and model who is known for his role in the film Khulay Aasman Ke Neechay directed by Javed Sheikh .
Tod Browning ( born Charles Albert Browning , Jr. ; July 12 , 1880 -- October 6 , 1962 ) was an American motion picture actor , director and screenwriter .
Stanislav Nedkov ( Bulgarian : Станислав Недков ) ( born December 9 , 1981 ) is a Bulgarian professional mixed martial artist , who formerly competed in the Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Dede Wilson ( born Marilyn Marie Coco ; February 12 , 1937 ) is an American poet and writer .
Robert Karplus ( February 23 , 1927 -- March 20 , 1990 ) was a theoretical physicist and leader in the field of science education .
Col . Roger Hooker Leavitt ( July 21 , 1805 -- July 17 , 1885 ) was a prominent landowner , early industrialist and Massachusetts politician who with other family members was an ardent abolitionist , using his home in Charlemont , Massachusetts as an Underground Railroad station for slaves escaped from the South .
Leonard Frey ( September 4 , 1938 -- August 24 , 1988 ) was an American actor , best remembered for his Academy Award - nominated performance in Fiddler on the Roof .
Jon Reep ( born March 26 , 1972 ) is an American stand - up comedian and actor , known as the `` That thing got a Hemi ? '' guy in Dodge commercials , and more recently as the winner of the fifth season of Last Comic Standing on NBC .
Andrea Tagwerker ( born October 23 , 1970 ) is an Austrian luger who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s .
Rafael Dyll is a German composer , arranger and sound designer for computer and video games .
James Hillary Mulligan ( November 21 , 1844 - July 1 , 1915 ) was a judge , politician , and poet from Kentucky .
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s , known for the singles `` Where Did My Jimmy Go ? '' and `` I 've Got A Feeling '' .
Sampson Moore ( 1812 - 1877 ) was an engineer of the Industrial Revolution based in Liverpool , England .
Lee Waisler is an American painter based in Los Angeles .
Janet Soergel Mielke ( born June 30 , 1937 ) is an American politician and secretary .
David Miall Edwards ( January 22 , 1873 -- January 29 , 1941 ) was a Welsh Non - conformist writer and theologian who wrote in both Welsh and English .
Christian Heins ( January 16 , 1935 -- June 15 , 1963 ) known as `` Bino '' , was a Brazilian sports car racing driver .
Eve Aronoff - Trivella ( born in July 10 , 1963 ) is a former Olympic judoka from the United States .
Kathy Gori ( born March 19 , 1951 ) is an American voice actress , radio personality and screenwriter .
Leshorn Whitehead ( born June 15 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Chuck Fenda , is an Jamaican American reggae musician and deejay born in Brooklyn , New York .
Michael Tomasello ( born January 18 , 1950 ) is an American developmental and comparative psychologist .
Iva Mišak ( born March 16 , 1993 ) is a Croatian alpine skier , member of the Croatian Alpine Ski Team .
Joost Schouten ( c1600 - 1644 ) was a Dutch East Indies Company figure of considerable repute , in demand as an astute administrator , diplomat , courtier and negotiator for this Dutch colonial and mercantile outpost in the South - East Asian archipelago today known as Indonesia .
Mario Luis Fuentes Alcalá ( born 18 January 1956 ) is a Mexican politician and economist who served as Director - General of the Mexican Social Security Institute in 2000 .
Houshang Golmakani is an iranian journalist , film critic and director .
Dr. Fernando Cervigón is a Venezuelan ichthyologist and marine biologist .
Walter Anstead was an English first class cricketer who played six matches for Surrey between 1870 and 1872 .
Mary Kennedy Carter , ( January 13 , 1934 -- December 14 , 2010 ) was a social studies teacher and civil rights activist in Ohio , United States .
King Django ( born Jeffrey Baker ) is a highly influential American bandleader , singer , songwriter , arranger , engineer , producer , and multi - instrumentalist , especially in the genres of ska , rocksteady , reggae , dub , dancehall , rhythm & blues and soul .
Harold Arceneaux ( born April 1 , 1977 ) is an American professional basketball player who gained national attention during his collegiate career at Weber State University ( 1998 - -2000 ) .
Ivans Klementjevs ( born November 18 , 1960 in Riga ) is a Soviet - born Latvian politician and former sprint canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s .
Thomas Roydon ( ca . 1521-ca . 1565 ) was an English merchant in the tin trade and politician .
Nikki Delano ( born April 12 , 1986 ) is an American pornographic actress , feature dancer , and model .
Kevin Davids ( born Kevin Davies ) is a British actor , was world Paralympic sabre fencing champion for 4 years , and is best known for his role as Syd in the BBC television series I 'm with Stupid .
Jules Flandrin ( 1871 - 1947 ) was a French painter , printer and draughtsman .
Marshall Williams ( born July 31 , 1989 ) is a Canadian actor , model and musician .
David L. Lindsey is an American novelist , working primarily in the mystery and crime fiction genres .
Rebecca Schiffman is a singer - songwriter , jewelry designer , and visual artist from New York City .
Rosemary Rodriguez is a film and television director .
Rangachar Narayana Iyengar is a renowned civil engineer from India .
Brent Sommerhauser is an American sculptor , glassblower , and artist based in Las Vegas , Nevada .
William Bosworth Castle ( October 21 , 1897 -- August 9 , 1990 ) was an American physician and physiologist who transformed hematology from a `` descriptive art to a dynamic interdisciplinary science . ''
Maury Yeston ( born October 23 , 1945 ) is an American composer , lyricist , educator and musicologist .
Peter Merriman is a chef , restaurateur and one of the original 12 founding chefs of Hawaii regional cuisine .
Stanisław Barańczak ( November 13 , 1946 -- December 26 , 2014 ) was a poet , literary critic , scholar , editor , translator and lecturer .
Janez Drozg ( April 4 , 1933 - November 10 , 2005 ) was a Slovene television and film director from Celje .
Rushad Rana is an Indian television actor .
William Alves Boys ( July 9 , 1868 -- February 20 , 1938 ) was a politician and barrister .
Santeri Paloniemi ( born in November 8 , 1993 ) is a Finnish alpine skier .
Jeff Preiss is an American filmmaker , cinematographer , director and producer known for Let 's Get Lost ( 1988 ) and Broken Noses ( 1987 ) .
John A. Ellsler ( September 21 , 1821 - August 22 , 1903 , ) was an American actor , theatre manager and acting instructor who helped make Cleveland , Ohio one of the more important theatre towns in post Civil War America .
Shafiuddin Ahmed ( born June 1 , 1973 , Dhaka ) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 11 ODIs from 1997 to 2000 .
Damjan Prelovšek ( born February 18 , 1945 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian art historian , an expert on the architect Jože Plečnik .
Inge Schneider - Gabriel is a retired German rower who won a gold , a silver and a bronze medal in the quadruple sculls at the European championships of 1966 , 1968 and 1969 , respectively .
Bettina Plevan is a New York City lawyer , a partner at the firm Proskauer Rose LLP , and a former president of the New York City Bar Association .
Kim Maltman ( born 1951 ) is a Canadian poet and physicist who lives in Toronto .
Zaki Ibrahim is a South African - Canadian singer - songwriter .
Willoughby Newton ( December 2 , 1802 -- May 23 , 1874 ) was a nineteenth - century congressman and lawyer from Virginia .
Richard Smoley is an author and philosopher focusing on the world 's mystical and esoteric teachings , particularly those of Western civilization .
Milton Sutliff ( October 6 or 16 , 1806 -- April 24 , 1878 ) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was a member of the Ohio Senate for one year and an Ohio Supreme Court Judge from 1858 to 1863 .
David Westwood , QPM , is a British former police officer .
Robert F. Hill ( April 14 , 1886 -- March 18 , 1966 ) was a Canadian film director , screenwriter , and actor during the silent film era .
Dr. Casimir Bizimungu ( born 1951 ) is a former Rwandan politician .
Philip J Day , sometimes credited , Phil Day or Philip Day , has nearly two hundred credits as writer , producer or director on network shows .
Leon Ichaso ( born August 3 , 1948 ) is a Cuban American writer and film director .
Frank Reicher ( December 2 , 1875 -- January 19 , 1965 ) , was a German - born American stage and film actor , director and producer .
Rachel McTavish is a broadcast journalist currently working freelance with STV Central .
Diana Reb , better known by her stage name Univz ( pronounced ( juː'nɪvz ) ) , is a Ukrainian progressive and electro house DJ , producer , singer and songwriter .
Roberto Jacoby ( born 1944 ) is an Argentinian artist and sociologist .
Mark Warnow ( April 10 , 1900 - October 17 , 1949 ) was a noted violinist and orchestra conductor , who performed widely on radio in the 1930s and 1940s .
Asia Nitollano ( born February 14 , 1988 ) is an American singer , dancer , model and cheerleader .
Lu Chuan ( born 1971 ) is a Chinese filmmaker , screenwriter and producer .
Isaías Carrasco ( 1964 -- March 7 , 2008 ) was a Basque politician , affiliated with the PSE .
Bill Mack ( born 1932 ) is an American country music singer , songwriter , and radio host .
Carlos A. Giménez ( born January 17 , 1954 ) is a Cuban American retired firefighter and Mayor of Miami - Dade County , Florida , elected to office June 28 , 2011 in a special election .
Hans Methlie Michelsen ( March 29 , 1920 - January 31 , 2014 ) is a Norwegian judge .
Sydney Bennett , known by her stage name as Syd tha Kyd Scott or more recently Syd ( born April 23 , 1992 ) is a singer , producer and DJ from Crenshaw , Los Angeles , California .
Schuyler Andrews ( April 2 , 1983 ) is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist , better known by his ring name Scorpio Sky .
Despite his keenness to fight another bishop , Thomas de Rossy had apparently refused the offer of combat given by an English priest because of the latter 's lower status .
Joseph Spring ( also known as William Joseph Spring ) is a mathematician and computer scientist in the School of Computer Science at the University of Hertfordshire .
Matthew VanDyke ( born circa 1980 ) is an American documentary filmmaker , revolutionary , and former journalist .
Wolfgang Blum ( born Wolfgang Hans - Joachim Blümel ; January 17 , 1961 ) is a European singer - songwriter , and multi - instrumentalist known by the stage name blum .
John Stuart Scott ( sometimes credited as John Scott or John S. Scott ) is an American television director and Producer who has directed episodes for several well - known series including Glee , The Office and Chuck .
Arianna Vanderpool - Wallace ( born March 4 , 1990 ) is a competitive swimmer and national record - holder from the Bahamas who has represented her country in international championships , including the Olympics , FINA world championships , and Pan American Games .
Dr Barry Traill is an Australian zoologist , conservationist and one of Australia 's leading environmental campaigners .
Wayne Harris , Jr. ( born October 30 , 1959 ) is a former Canadian football linebacker and the current head coach for the University of Calgary 's football team , the Calgary Dinos .
Antonio Bertoletti , also known as Antoine Marc Augustin Bertoletti ( August 28 , 1775 -- March 6 , 1846 ) was a Milanese military officer who served the French Empire as a general of brigade , notably in the Peninsular War .
Mikheil Makharadze ( Georgian : მიხეილ მახარაძე ) ( born November 13 , 1946 ) is a Georgian politician and historian of philosophy , who was the Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara from July 20 , 2004 , to October 28 , 2012 .
Edward Chaffyn ( fl . 1542 ) was an English politician .
Joseph Meir Weiss ( Weisz ) ( Hebrew : יוסף מאיר ווייס‎ ) , also known as the Imrei Yosef after his major work , ( March 15 , 1838 -- May 26 , 1909 ) was a Hungarian rabbi and founder of the Spinka Hasidic dynasty .
Alan Hovhaness ( /hoʊˈvɑːnɪs/ ; Armenian : Ալան Յովհաննէս , March 8 , 1911 -- June 21 , 2000 ) was an American composer of Armenian and Scottish descent .
Audrius Beinorius ( born September 28 , 1964 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian philosopher , orientalist ( specialist of Indology , Buddhist studies and Comparative Studies ) , translator , Habilitated Doctor of Humane Letters .
Brent Adams ( born October 2 , 1990 in Norwalk , Connecticut ) is a professional lacrosse player with the Boston Cannons of Major League Lacrosse and was an All - American midfielder at Fairfield University .
Jane Allsop is married to actor David Serafin , who she met at aged 13 during acting class , but did not start dating him until years later .
Brian Gwaspari is a British actor who made frequent guest star roles throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
Charles Kingsley Meek FRAI FRGS ( 1885 - -1965 ) , was a British anthropologist .
Major General Sarath Munasinghe , RWP , RSP , USP , ndc , psc , SLA was a Sri Lankan General and a politician .
Otto Allen Will , Jr. ( April 26 , 1910 -- November 17 , 1993 ) was a U.S. psychiatrist whose work in psychoanalysis focused on treatment of schizophrenic / schizophrenia patients using intensive psychotherapy .
Carter DeHaven ( born Francis O'Callaghan , October 5 , 1886 -- July 20 , 1977 ) was an American movie and stage actor , movie director , and writer .
Alexa Junge is a television writer , producer and screenwriter .
Lee Paul ( born June 16 , 1939 ) is an American actor who appeared in many television shows primarily in the early and mid 1970s .
Ali Pahlavan ( Persian : علی پهلوان‎‎ ) ( born 1 May 1975 ) is an Iranian musician , singer - songwriter , lyricist and composer .
Michael Mortimore ( born 7 September 1937 , Bermuda ) is a British geographer and a prolific researcher of issues in the African drylands .
Fazio Cardano ( 1444 -- August 28 , 1524 ) was an Italian jurist and mathematician .
Don Jordan ( June 22 , 1934 -- February 13 , 1997 ) was a boxer born in Los Angeles , California and was the undisputed Welterweight Champion of the World from 1958 to 1960 .
William Preston Johnston ( January 5 , 1831 -- July 16 , 1899 ) was a lawyer , scholar , poet , and Confederate soldier .
The delegation included Amshinover rabbi Shimon Sholom Kalish .
Iskandar Beg Munshi , a.k.a . Iskandar Beg Turkoman ( ca . 1560 - ca . 1632 ) -- was a Persian or Turkoman historian , the court historian of the Safavid emperor Shah Abbas I. Iskandar Beg began as an accountant in the bureaucracy , but later became a privileged secretary of the Shahs .
David C. Robertson ( born ca 1960 ) is an American computer scientist , organizational theorist , Professor of Practice at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania , and management consultant , known for his contributions in the fields of IT management and Enterprise architecture .
Jonathan Larson ( February 4 , 1960 -- January 25 , 1996 ) was an American composer and playwright noted for exploring the social issues of multiculturalism , addiction , and homophobia in his work .
Beka Gviniashvili is a Georgian judoka who became European Junior Champion in 2013 in Sarajevo and won the World Junior Championships U21 in 2013 in Ljubljana and EYOF in 2011 .
Ben Weisman ( November 16 , 1921 -- May 20 , 2007 ) was an eccentric American composer significant for having written more songs recorded by Elvis Presley ( fifty seven ) than any other songwriter in history .
Danny Havoc is an American professional wrestler , best known for his work in Combat Zone Wrestling , Westside Xtreme Wrestling , Big Japan Pro Wrestling , IWA Mid - South , and IWA Deep - South , where he is known as an extreme or `` deathmatch '' wrestler .
Mark J. F. Schroeder ( born December 13 , 1955 ) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as the comptroller for the city of Buffalo , New York .
Vitaly Korotich is a Soviet , Ukrainian and Russian writer and journalist .
Seth Farber is an American Modern Orthodox rabbi and historian , best known for his work helping Jews navigate the Israeli religious bureaucracy .
Keith Alan Morris ( born October 9 , 1972 in South Bend , Indiana ) is an American writer / film director and producer .
Alan Smolinisky ( born November 28 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur / investor who began his career in commercial real estate in the late 1990s while attending the University of Southern California .
Sacha Craddock is an independent art critic , writer & curator based in London .
Raji Arasu is an Indian American Internet technology engineer and product executive .
Luca Rosetti ( 1705 - 1770 ) was an Italian painter and architect of the 18th century , active in the region of the Piedmont .
Pearl Mary Teresa Craigie ( November 3 , 1867 -- August 13 , 1906 ) was an Anglo - American novelist and dramatist who wrote under the pen - name of John Oliver Hobbes .
James Broselow ( born January 12 , 1943 in Woodbury , NJ , USA ) is an American emergency physician , an assistant professor , an inventor and an entrepreneur .
Otto Julius Klotz OLS , DLS , DTS ( March 31 , 1852 -- December 28 , 1923 ) was a Canadian astronomer and Dominion Surveyor .
Kari Lavoie ( born Kari MacLean on December 25 , 1977 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian curler .
Béatrice Nirere is a Rwandan politician who was convicted of genocide for her involvement in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide .
Morgan Stevens ( born October 16 , 1951 , in Knoxville , Tennessee ) is an American actor , primarily seen on television .
Howard Terpning ( born November 5 , 1927 ) is an American painter and illustrator best known for his paintings of Native Americans .
Emilio Zebadúa González ( January 13 , 1961 - ) is a Mexican politician who served as Consejero Electoral of the Federal Electoral Institute ( IFE ) .
Tusi Tamasese ( born in 1975 or 1976 in Samoa ) is a Samoan New Zealander film director .
Björn Cederberg ( born July 23 , 1937 ) , nicknamed `` Kapten '' ( engl . Captain , due to his rank in the Swedish army ) , was a notable Swedish rally co - driver .
Darren T. Holmes is a film editor whose credits include five animated films The Iron Giant ( 1999 ) , Lilo & Stitch ( 2002 ) , Ratatouille ( 2007 ) , How to Train Your Dragon ( 2010 ) , The Croods ( 2013 ) and Song of the Sea ( 2014 ) .
Niyazi Zulfigar oglu Tagizade Hajibeyov ( Azerbaijani : Niyazi Zülfiqar oğlu Hacıbəyov ) ( 1912 - -1984 ) was a prominent Soviet Azerbaijani conductor , and composer of the renowned symphonic mugam `` Rast '' .
Philippe Legrain is a British political economist and writer .
Birgitte Einarsen is a Norwegian singer and musical theatre artist from Helgeroa in Larvik , Vestfold county .
Rob Dickerman is a neurological and spine surgeon from Plano , Texas , who has performed high - profile surgical procedures on professional athletes .
Che Arthur is an American singer , songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and an engineer / tour manager .
Said Durrah ( Arabic : سعيد درة‎ ; born February 9 , 1982 ) is an American stand - up comedian of Arab descent .
Neil Montier is a London - born photographer and digital artist .
Thozamile Botha ( b.16 June 1948 ) is a South African politician .
Kourtney Klein is a music producer , vocalist , keyboardist , and drummer who currently fronts the synthpop band Army on the Dance Floor .
Peregrine of Opole ( c. 1260 -- ? ) was a Silesian Dominican friar .
Little Willy Foster or Little Willie Foster ( April 20 , 1922 -- November 25 , 1987 ) was an American Chicago blues harmonicist , singer , and songwriter .
Hassan Sheheryar Yasin , simply known as H S Y , is a Pakistani fashion designer .
Roman Dmitriyev ( Russian : Роман Михайлович Дмитриев ; 1949 -- 2010 ) was a Russian competitive wrestler and coach , and politician .
Gilles Zolty is a Canadian musician , singer , songwriter and producer .
Tymofei Koreichuk ( c. 1879 -- October , 1919 ) was a prominent peasant politician in Galicia and Bukovina ( now Ukraine ) who became an early Ukrainian Canadian labour leader .
Jennifer Solow is an American novelist , author of The Aristobrats and The Booster .
William Gordon Mathews ( February 26 , 1877 -- 1923 ) was a Federal judge and lawyer from Charleston , West Virginia , serving as Referee in Bankruptcy for Kanawha , West Virginia 1898 - 1908 , and Clerk of the Court for Kanawha 1903 - 1904 .
Earl Riley ( February 18 , 1890 -- August 17 , 1965 ) was an Oregon politician and businessman , and mayor of Portland , Oregon 1941 - -1949 .
George William Hill ( March 3 , 1838 -- April 16 , 1914 ) , was an American astronomer and mathematician .
Robert P. Higgins ( born 1932 ) is a systematic invertebrate zoologist and ecologist .
Adam Niswander ( February 2 , 1946 - August 12 , 2012 ) was an American short story writer and novelist .
Gonzalo Rubalcaba ( born May 27 , 1963 ) is a Grammy Award - winning Afro - Cuban jazz pianist and composer .
Mallika Yunis is an Indian writer who writes novels in Malayalam language .
Mark Dodd ( born September 14 , 1965 ) is a former U.S. soccer goalkeeper .
Thad Ackel ( born May 24 , 1955 ) is a retired American thoroughbred horse trainer .
Yasmín Mejías Lugo is a Puerto Rican actress , comedian , singer , politician and former Senator .
Suze DeMarchi ( born 14 February 1964 ) is an Australian singer - songwriter , best known for fronting the band Baby Animals ( 1989 - -1994 , 2007 - -present ) .
Christina Fredenheim was a well - known and acknowledged non professional musician and singer .
Pang Kim Hin is a businessman and former politician from Singapore .
Roberts Vaux ( January 25 , 1786 -- January 7 , 1836 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , abolitionist , and philanthropist .
Seth Mitchell ( born May 29 , 1982 in Brandywine , Maryland ) is a professional boxer in the heavyweight division .
Tina Kover ( born March 20 , 1975 in Denver , Colorado , USA ) is a literary translator .
Robert Hallowell Richards ( August 26 , 1844 -- March 27 , 1945 ) was an American mining engineer , metallurgist , and educator , born at Gardiner , Maine .
John Lovelady is an American puppeteer who worked with the Muppets , including on the PBS series Sesame Street .
Rick Mather ( May 30 , 1937 -- April 20 , 2013 ) was an American - born architect working in England .
Chase Vincent Malone ( born May 25 , 1987 ) , more commonly known as Cha Cha Malone , is an American singer , music producer , songwriter , composer , and member of b - boy crew , Art of Movement ( AOM ) , from Seattle , Washington .
Nikolaos Sophianos ( Greek : Νικόλαος Σοφιανός ; c. 1500 -- after 1551 ) was a Greek Renaissance humanist and cartographer chiefly noted for his Totius Graeciae Descriptio map and his grammar of Greek .
Edward Dolnick ( born November 10 , 1952 ) is an American writer , formerly a science writer at the Boston Globe .
Russian writer Mikhail Bulgakov wrote a semi - fictitious biography - tribute to Molière , titled Life of Mr. de Molière .
Renee Powell ( born May 4 , 1946 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour and is currently head professional at her family 's Clearview Golf Club in East Canton , Ohio .
Brunson Green is a film producer and president of Harbinger Pictures .
Robert Hamilton Paterson ( 1843 - -1911 ) was a Scottish architect and partner in the architectural practice , Hamilton - Paterson and Rhind .
Yiannis Evangelides ( Greek : Γιάννης Ευαγγελίδης ) was a Greek fashion designer .
كامشاد كوشان Iranian - born & Bay Area film director , screenwriter and film producer , Kamshad Kooshan , immigrated to the United States at the age of Sixteen .
Hugh Aglionby ( by 1521 - 52/54 ) , of London , was an English politician .
John Bertram Oakes ( April 23 , 1913 -- April 5 , 2001 ) was an iconoclastic and influential U.S. journalist known for his early commitment to the environment , civil rights , and opposition to the Vietnam War .
Barry Blitt is a cartoonist and illustrator , best known for his New Yorker covers and as a regular contributor to the op - ed page of the New York Times .
Manuel Dias de Oliveira ( 1763/4 , Cachoeiras de Macacu - 25 April 1837 , Campos dos Goytacazes ) was a Brazilian painter , decorator and art professor .
William Heiskell ( 1788 -- September 9 , 1871 ) was an American politician , active primarily in Tennessee , in the mid-19th century .
C K Meena is a journalist , novelist and newspaper columnist .
According to Conservative politician Boris Johnson , Abu Qatada 's residence in Britain is estimated to have cost the British taxpayer at least £ 500,000 in benefit payments to his family and other expenses by early 2012 .
Samuel Martin Thompson ( 1901 - -1983 ) was an American philosopher , frequent contributor to scholarly journals and author of three bestselling textbooks of philosophy .
Stephanie Skabo ( born May 23 , 1983 in Greenwich , Connecticut , USA ) , is an American / Norwegian figurative painter and photographer .
Henry Bergman ( February 23 , 1868 -- October 22 , 1946 ) was an American actor of stage and film , known for his long association with Charlie Chaplin .
Pauline Nyiramasuhuko ( born 1946 ) is a Rwandan politician who was the Minister for Family Welfare and the Advancement of Women .
Charles Vallée ( born November 18 , 1861 , date of death unknown ) was a French archer .
Johann Halbig , ( also Johann von Halbig ) ( July 13 , 1814 -- August 29 , 1882 ) was a German sculptor of the Classicism school .
Chris Kinard ( born November 8 , 1950 , in Pasadena , California ) is an American badminton player who was considered the top U.S. singles player in the 1970s , having been the U.S. # 1 ranked men 's singles player for 7 of the decade 's 10 years .
Amandine Chaignot ( born May 1 , 1979 ) is a French cooking chef .
Safeway Goya was the stage name for Alex de Rafols while lead singer of The Nobodys , an American new wave band from Los Angeles , California ( not to be confused with the punk band of the same name from Colorado Springs , Colorado ) best known for the 1984 album No Guarantees and its eponymous single .
Liana Isakadze ( Georgian : ლიანა ისაკაძე , Russian : Лиана Александровна Исакадзе , German : Liana Isakadse ) ( born August 2 , 1946 ) is a Georgian violinist .
James Mountain was a prominent lawyer , educator and academic administrator in Western Pennsylvania during the early 19th century .
Sydney Emanuel Mudd II ( June 20 , 1885 -- October 11 , 1924 ) was an American attorney and politician from Maryland 's 5th congressional district , elected to several terms as a US Representative in Congress , dying in office .
Arthur G. Elliott , Jr. ( October 17 , 1916 -- August 18 , 2003 ) was an American politician from the state of Michigan .
Jan Theobald Held ( December 11 , 1770 -- June 20 , 1851 ) , also known as Johann Theobald Held was a Czech physician , educator , musician , and composer .
Trishelle Cannatella ( born November 4 , 1979 ) is an American reality TV contestant , Playboy model , and actress , known for her appearances on the MTV reality television series The Real World :
Robert Frank ( born November 9 , 1924 ) is an American photographer and documentary filmmaker .
Johann Manlius ( Latin : Joannes Manlius , Slovene : Janez Mandelc ) was an early modern era printer who owned a printing house and operated it in a number of small towns in Habsburg Hungary .
Jam Rostron ( formerly Janine ) , better known by her stage name Planningtorock , is an English electronic musician and record producer who lives in Berlin , Germany .
Tohby Riddle is an Australian cartoonist and picture - book creator .
Robert John Spencer ( known as J. Robert Spencer ) is an American actor and singer , who was nominated for a Tony Award for his work in the Broadway musical Next to Normal .
Eugene Skeef FRSA is a South African percussionist , composer , poet , educationalist and animator living in London since 1980 .
Trine Hattestad ( née Elsa Katrine Solberg ) is a former Norwegian javelin thrower .
Kim Holland ( born August 6 , 1955 ) is an American politician and insurance professional from the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Tomislav Krizman ( 1882 - -1955 ) , was a Croatian painter , graphic artist , costume and set designer , teacher , author and organizer of cultural events .
Elena Dabija is a librarian and activist from Moldova .
Liz Duffy Adams is an American playwright who has written many plays including A Fabulous Beast , The Reckless Ruthless , Brutal Charge of It / Train Play , Dog Act , One Big Lie , The Listener , Or , and others .
Damodar Das Arora ( Punjabi : ਦਮੋਦਰ ਦਾਸ ਅਰੋੜਾ , دمودر داس اروڑا ) was a Punjabi poet , belonging to the Jhang District . He was a very famous writer of book in Punjab and jhang district .
Augustin Banyaga ( born March 31 , 1947 ) is a Rwandan - born American mathematician whose research fields include symplectic topology and contact geometry .
Kawal Sharma is an Indian film director and producer of Bollywood .
Geraldine Dawson , Ph.D. is an American child clinical psychologist , specializing in autism .
Dr. Abraham Coles ( December 26 , 1813 -- May 3 , 1891 ) was an American physician , translator , author and poet from New Jersey .
Gene Beery ( born 1937 ) is an American painter and photographer , who has been described as an expressionist , Pop artist , Minimalist , and Conceptualist in the span of his fifty - plus years career .
Toni Jeričević ( born July 17 , 1983 ) is a young Croatian businessman turned actor and TV host who appeared in American and Croatian theatre plays , commercials and national television productions .
Michelle Mae is an American musician from the state of Washington , who is known for playing in rock ' n ' roll groups such as The Make - Up and Weird War .
Edward Jay Allen ( April 27 , 1830 - December 26 , 1915 ) was a pioneer , entrepreneur , and businessman .
Jade Kindar - Martin ( born February 16 , 1974 ) is a highwire walker and circus performer .
Lennart Ginman ( born March 1960 ) is a Danish bassist , composer and music producer .
His son , Derek Curtis Bok , became a lawyer , dean of Harvard Law School , and president of Harvard University .
Rockwilder ( born Dana Stinson on February 2 , 1971 ) is an American hip hop record producer and singer .
Robert Jay Lifton ( born May 16 , 1926 ) is an American psychiatrist and author , chiefly known for his studies of the psychological causes and effects of war and political violence and for his theory of thought reform .
Dave McClure is an entrepreneur and angel investor based in the San Francisco Bay Area , who founded and runs the business accelerator 500 Startups .
Sally Schneider is a journalist and Founding Editor of the website ' the improvised life ' .
Countdown - Countdown is the Star Brigade 's combat astronaut .
William Still ( October 7 , 1821 -- July 14 , 1902 ) was an African - American abolitionist in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , conductor on the Underground Railroad , writer , historian and civil rights activist .
Mickey Clark is an English financial journalist , currently working for the London Evening Standard and BBC Radio 5 Live .
Narciso Isa Conde is a socialist revolutionary , politician , writer and essayist from the Dominican Republic .
Nick Thuillier was an Irish fencer .
Mangle Minthorne Tompkins ( December 26 , 1807 -- June 5 , 1881 New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Art Sherman ( born June 15 , 1937 ) is an American horse trainer and former jockey .
John R. Clymer ( born 1941 ) is an American systems engineer , and professor of electrical engineering and systems engineering at California State University , Fullerton ( CSUF ) .
Adriano Cecioni ( July 26 , 1836 -- May 23 , 1886 ) was an Italian artist , caricaturist , and critic associated with the Macchiaioli group .
Robert Kaplow ( born c. 1954 ) is an American novelist and teacher whose coming - of - age novel was made into a film titled Me and Orson Welles .
Marielli Sfakianaki - Manolidou ( born 12 January 1945 ) is a Greek writer , singer and composer .
Shirley Collie Nelson ( March 16 , 1931 -- January 27 , 2010 ) , born Shirley Angelina Simpson , was an American country music and rockabilly singer , yodeler , guitarist and songwriter .
Gaius Julius Victor ( 4th century ) was a Roman writer of rhetoric , possibly of Gaulish origin .
Peter Wade Keusch , more commonly known as just Peter Wade , is a Grammy Award winning record producer , recording engineer , mixer , songwriter and A&R.
Georg Klusemann worked as a painter , drawer , etcher , and author of children books .
Vicente Sotto y Yap ( April 18 , 1877 -- May 28 , 1950 ) was a Filipino politician and former Senator of the Philippines .
Helgaud or Helgaldus ( d. c. 1048 ) , French historian and biographer , was a monk of the Benedictine Abbey of Fleury .
Maysoon Zayid ( Arabic : ميسون زايد‎ ) is a Palestinian - American actress , comedian , known as one of America 's first Muslim women comedians and the first person ever to perform standup in Palestine and Jordan .
Moses ben Joseph ben Merwan ha - Levi ( flourished about the middle of the twelfth century ) was a prominent Provençal rabbi and Talmudist .
Marlon St. Julien ( born February 13 , 1972 in Lafayette , Louisiana ) is an American equestrian professional in Thoroughbred horse racing . In 2000 , he became the first African - American jockey to ride in the Kentucky Derby in 79 years , when he rode Curule to a seventh - place finish .
Jamie Barber is a British restaurateur , founder and CEO of Hush restaurant in Mayfair , London , and the Cabana Brasilian Barbecue group .
Marcus Aemilius Barbula was a Roman politician from the gens Aemilia He was a consul in 230 BC alongside Marcus Junius Pera , succeeding Marcus Pomponius Matho and Gaius Papirius Maso and preceding Lucius Postumius Albinus ( consul 234 BC ) and Gnaeus Fulvius Centumalus ..
Susan Page ( born February 12 , 1951 ) is an American journalist and the current Washington Bureau Chief for USA Today .
Denis Kitchen ( born August 27 , 1946 ) is an American underground cartoonist , publisher , author , agent , and the founder of the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund .
Elaine Breeden Penrose ( born November 18 , 1988 ) , née Elaine Breeden , is an American competition swimmer and Olympic silver medalist .
Dudley Carleton , 1st Viscount Dorchester ( 1573 - -1632 ) was an English art collector , diplomat and Secretary of State .
Alejandra Ribera is a Canadian pop and jazz singer - songwriter , who performs material in English , French and Spanish .
Bob Donewald , Sr . ( Born May 29 , 1942 ) is a retired American college basketball coach .
Sunil Shroff is a urologist and transplant surgeon from India .
Darell Hammond is an American philanthropist , founder and chief executive officer of the non - profit organization KaBOOM ! that helps communities build playgrounds for children .
Noam Galai ( born September 9 , 1984 in Jerusalem ) is an Israeli photographer based in New York City .
Eddie Fontaine ( March 6 , 1927 -- April 13 , 1992 ) was an American actor and singer , best known for television roles in the 1960s and 1970s .
Dušan Jurkovič ( August 23 , 1868 - December 21 , 1947 ) was a Slovak architect , ethnographer and artist .
Bruce Brown ( born December 1 , 1937 ) is an American documentary film director , known as an early pioneer of the surf film .
Captain Harold Anthony Oaks was a Canadian - born World War I flying ace credited with 11 confirmed aerial victories .
Carlo Wolff is a prolific freelance journalist who writes for publications including The Boston Globe , Chicago Sun - Times , Pittsburgh Post - Gazette , The Plain Dealer ( Cleveland , Ohio ) and The Christian Science Monitor .
William McGaa ( born in the 1820s ) was a mountain man and one of the early figures in the history of the Colorado settlement of St. Charles ( now called Denver ) .
Mohammed Musa , known by his pen name Purnam Allahabadi was a Urdu poet .
Anthony Franciosa ( October 25 , 1928 -- January 19 , 2006 ) , usually billed as Tony Franciosa during the height of his career , was an American film , TV and stage actor .
Ernest Flagg ( February 6 , 1857 -- April 10 , 1947 ) was a noted American architect in the Beaux - Arts style .
Young - Kee Kim is a South Korean - born American physicist .
Jack O'Halloran ( born April 8 , 1943 ) is an American former boxer and actor .
Claudia Millian ( also Millian - Minulescu ; February 21 , 1887 -- September 21 , 1961 ) was a Romanian poet .
Decimus Iūnius Iuvenālis ( ˈdɛkɪmʊs ˈjuː.ni.ʊs ˈjʊ.wɛ.naː.lɪs ) , known in English as Juvenal /ˈdʒuːvənəl/ , was a Roman poet active in the late 1st and early 2nd century CE , author of the Satires .
Gérard Lebel ( born January 12 , 1930 ) was a Canadian politician from Quebec .
Peter Elleray ( born 30 June 1958 ) is an English engineer and race car designer particularly known for designing the Bentley Speed 8 race car .
Rachael Sage is an American singer - songwriter and producer , visual artist , and founded her own record label at the dawn of her musical career .
Dorothy Riddle is an American - Canadian psychologist , feminist and economic development specialist .
Chris Hanley is an American film producer best known for producing independent films such as Buffalo 66 , The Virgin Suicides , American Psycho , Spun , Spring Breakers , and London Fields .
Steven Lippman is a former competitive surfer and skateboarder turned commercial photographer and director who has been called `` one of the most explosive and diverse photographers around today . ''
Leonid Hambro ( June 26 , 1920 , Chicago -- October 23 , 2006 , New York City ) was an American concert pianist and composer .
Bartolomeo Veneto ( active 1502 -- 1546 ) was an Italian painter who worked in Venice , the Veneto ( the mainland ) , and Lombardy .
Matthew McNeely ( May 11 , 1920 -- September 11 , 2002 ) was a Michigan state politician .
June Lascelles ( 23 January 1924 -- 15 July 2004 ) was an Australian microbiologist .
John Fayram , a portrait and landscape painter , practised in London .
Lars Onsager ( November 27 , 1903 -- October 5 , 1976 ) was a Norwegian - born American physical chemist and theoretical physicist .
Antun Sarti was a Dalmatian politician that served as the Mayor of Split in 1810 .
Sara Amato ( born November 13 , 1980 ) is an American professional wrestling trainer and retired professional wrestler best known by her ring name Sara Del Rey .
Donald McCaig ( born January 1 , 1940 , in Butte , Montana ) is an American novelist , poet , essayist and sheepdog trainer .
Jenny Lin is a Taiwanese - born American pianist .
The Solicitor General of Florida or Florida Solicitor General is the top appellate ( appeals ) solicitor ( lawyer ) for the U.S. State of Florida .
Louise DeKoven Bowen ( also Louise deKoven Bowen ; February 26 , 1859 -- November 9 , 1953 ) was an American philanthropist , civic leader , social reformer , and suffragist .
Shawn Rivera is a Grammy nominated American singer , songwriter , producer , percussionist and arranger best known for his work in the multi - platinum selling R&B vocal group , Az Yet .
Caroline Finkel is a British historian and writer based in Turkey ; she has a doctorate in Ottoman history from the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London .
Celia Sánchez - Ramos is a scientist and researcher in the area of protection and prevention of vision .
Leland John Haworth ( July 11 , 1904 -- March 5 , 1979 ) was an American particle physicist .
Johan Frederik Møller , also J. F. Møller , ( August 20 , 1797 - October 14 , 1871 ) was a Danish painter and photographer .
Shihab al - Tamimi ( died February 27 , 2008 ) was an Iraqi journalist and head of the Journalists Syndicate .
Billy Robinson ( September 18 , 1938 -- March 3 , 2014 ) was a British professional wrestler , author and catch wrestling instructor .
Thomas Talbot Bury ( 26 Nov 1809 -- 23 Feb 1877 ) was a British architect and lithographer .
Al Boasberg ( December 5 , 1891 -- June 18 , 1937 ) was an American comedy writer in vaudeville , radio , and film , as well as being a film director .
John T. Rowland , Jr. ( 1871 - January 22 , 1945 ) was an American architect who served as the Supervising Architect for Jersey City , New Jersey Board of Education for forty - two years .
Elaine Dundy ( August 1 , 1921 -- May 1 , 2008 ) was an American novelist , biographer , journalist , actress and playwright .
Katherena Vermette is a Canadian writer , who won the Governor General 's Award for English - language poetry in 2013 for her collection North End Love Songs .
Rex Nutting is an American journalist , economist , columnist and the Washington bureau chief for the financial information news site MarketWatch .
Mary Francesca Bosworth is a criminologist who is interested in imprisonment , race , and gender .
Tyler Shields ( born April 29 , 1982 ) is an American photographer , screenwriter , director , and former professional inline skater .
Henry Corry Rowley Becher ( June 5 , 1817 -- July 6 , 1885 ) , was a lawyer by profession and a politician and author at a period of his life .
Roger Reynolds ( born July 18 , 1934 ) is a Pulitzer prize - winning American composer .
Pirkle Jones ( January 2 , 1914 -- March 15 , 2009 ) was a documentary photographer born in Shreveport , Louisiana .
Carl Chaiet is an American artist and illustrator .
Harry Alston Johnson III ( born March 31 , 1946 ) is an American lawyer , a law professor and a former federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit .
Colette Richarme ( born January 24 , 1904 in Canton ( Guangzhou ) , China , died in Montpellier , February 27 , 1991 ) was a French painter .
Philippus Brietius ( in French , Philippe Briet ) ( 1601 - -1668 ) was a seventeenth - century French Jesuit historian and cartographer .
Samson Ricardo ( 1792 - -1862 ) was a British politician : the Whig MP for Windsor from 1855 to 1857 .
Arthur Cates ( 1829 - -1901 ) was an English architect .
Alexander Markov is a Russian American violinist who has received awards from the Paganini International Violin Competition ( gold medal ) and the Avery Fisher Career Grant .
Fred Mackenzie was a Scottish professional golfer of the early 20th century .
John Sebastian Helmcken ( June 5 , 1824 -- September 1 , 1920 ) was a British Columbia physician who played a prominent role in bringing the province into Canadian Confederation .
William Ralston Shedden - Ralston ( 1828 - -1889 ) , born William Shedden and later known as William Ralston , was a noted British scholar and translator of Russia and Russian .
Mike McLarnon is a former Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Whitehorse Centre in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 2000 to 2002 .
Hans Christian Lyngbye ( June 29 , 1782 - May 18 , 1837 ) was a Danish priest and botanist , specialising in algae .
Okada Saburōsuke ( Japanese : 岡田 三郎助 ; 12 January 1869 , Saga - 23 September 1939 , Tokyo ) was a Japanese painter in the Yōga style and a Professor at the `` Tōkyō Bijutsu Gakkō '' ( School of Fine Arts ) ; precursor of the Tokyo University of the Arts .
Cecylia Barczyk is an American cellist based in Baltimore , Maryland .
Ingrid Matthews is a violinist and was the Music Director of the Seattle Baroque Orchestra .
Cody Cameron ( born October 12 , 1970 ) is an American film director , storyboard artist , and voice actor , best known for directing Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 .
Karrell Fox ( January 30 , 1928 -- March 12 , 1998 ) was a 20th - century American magician .
Veljko Kovačević ( December 19 , 1912 -- May 24 , 1994 ) was a Montenegrin general and writer .
Rick Day ( born July 30 , 1962 ) is an American fashion photographer based in New York City .
Adriana Reverón Moreno ( born November 2 , 1985 in Los Cristianos ) is a Spanish model and beauty pageant titleholder who represented her country in the Miss Universe 2010 and Miss Earth 2008 competitions .
Simone Bell is a community organizer and politician from Atlanta , Georgia .
Jamukha ( Mongolian : Жамуха ) was a Mongol military and political leader and the chief rival to Temüjin ( later Genghis Khan ) in the unification of the Mongol tribes .
Bliss Blood is a musician and songwriter born in Omaha , Nebraska .
Jean - Louis Costes is a noise musician , performance artist and film actor .
Sergei Shamba ( Abkhaz : Сергеи Шамба , Georgian : სერგეი შამბა ) is a senior politician from Abkhazia .
Sardul Singh Kwatra ( Punjabi : ਸਰਦੂਲ ਸਿੰਘ ਕਵਾਤਰਾ ) , best known as Sardul Kwatra , was a noted film director and music composer from Punjab .
Rudolph Grey is a musician and writer .
Josiah Scott ( December 1 , 1803 - -June 15 , 1879 ) was a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was in the Ohio House of Representatives , and was an Ohio Supreme Court Judge 1856 - -1872 .
Rik Schaffer is an American composer for games , film , and television .
Dr. Alan Jay Smith ( born April , 1949 ) is a computer scientist and researcher in the field of development and applications of caching strategies and the measurement and analysis of computer storage systems with many important contributions to the field .
John Malloy AKA FLuX ( born September 19 , 1975 ) is an American fine artist , illustrator , designer , and sequential artist .
David Jason Muir ( born November 8 , 1973 ) is an American journalist and anchor of ABC World News Tonight with David Muir , the news department of the ABC broadcast - television network based in New York City .
Larry McCray ( born April 5 , 1960 , Magnolia , Arkansas , United States ) is an American blues guitarist and singer .
Roby Duke ( December 6 , 1956 -- December 26 , 2007 ) was a contemporary Christian musician and songwriter from Greenwood , Mississippi .
Kenny Cox ( November 8 , 1940 -- December 19 , 2008 ) was a jazz pianist performing in the post bop , hard bop and bebop mediums .
Gideon Meir ( Hebrew : גדעון מאיר‎ ) is an Israeli diplomat .
Blaise Alexandre Desgoffe ( January 17 , 1830 -- May 2 , 1901 ) was a French painter who specialized in meticulously finished still - life paintings .
Carl Holmes is an American politician , and a Republican member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 125th district .
Barbara Cheeseborough ( née Bowman ) was an American fashion model of the 1960s and 1970s , known for promoting an `` Afrocentric '' style .
Beirne Lay , Jr. , ( September 1 , 1909 - May 26 , 1982 ) was an American author , aviation writer , Hollywood screenwriter , and combat veteran of World War II with the U.S. Army Air Forces .
Piero Gemelli ( born 1952 in Rome ) is an Italian photographer and artist .
Voyle Gilmore ( June 14 , 1912 -- December 19 , 1979 ) was an American record producer and arranger .
Pat Briggs is the lead singer of the glam rock band Psychotica .
Waliyy Dixon ( born February 7 , 1974 ) , better known by his streetball nickname `` Main Event '' , is an American professional basketball player .
Barbara McCauley is a popular romance writer .
William Sentman Taylor ( 1894 - -1976 ) was an American psychologist who specialized in abnormal psychology .
During the late 1960s , Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges was asked for his opinion of Pablo Neruda .
Nikša Roki ( born February 8 , 1988 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian swimmer , who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events .
Laurence Arcadias is a French / American experimental animator working in the United States .
Tahar Touati was an Algerian diplomat and military representative in Malian city of Gao .
Arlene Raven ( Arlene Rubin : July 12 , 1944 , Baltimore , Maryland -- August 1 , 2006 , Brooklyn , New York ) was a feminist art historian , author , critic , educator , and curator .
Houseley Stevenson ( July 30 , 1879 -- August 6 , 1953 ) was an American character actor who was born in London on July 30 , 1879 , and died in Duarte , California on August 6 , 1953 .
John Freely ( born 1926 ) is an American physicist , teacher , and author of popular travel and history books on Istanbul , Athens , Venice , Turkey , Greece , and the Ottoman Empire .
Marie Chapian is an award - winning American writer , lecturer , speaker , radio ministry host , Christian counselor , and psychotherapist based in California .
Diane Morgan is an English actress , comedian and writer .
Raja Dharamraj Singh was an Indian ruler and politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh .
Rasmus Borowski ( born May 21 , 1974 ) is a German composer , singer , and actor .
Larry Joe Campbell ( born , Lawrence Joseph Campbell ; November 29 , 1970 ) is an American actor and comedian best known for his role as `` Andy '' on the ABC sitcom According to Jim .
Henrique Mendes ( January 2 , 1931 -- July 8 , 2004 ) was a Portuguese television presenter and actor , he is best known for hosting several editions of Festival da Canção .
Clinton Watson was an American politician from Troy , Missouri , who served in the Missouri Senate .
Zvi Galil ( Hebrew : צבי גליל‎ ; born 1947 ) is an Israeli computer scientist and mathematician .
Mikhail Voskresensky ( Russian Михаил Сергеевич Воскресенский ) is a Russian pianist .
Harry Guardino ( December 23 , 1925 -- July 17 , 1995 ) was an American actor whose career spanned from the early 1950s to the early 1990s .
Michael Colleary is an American film producer , screenwriter and television writer .
Lee Si - yeon ( hangul:이시연 , hanja:李詩姸 , born Lee Dae - hak , 24 July 1980 ) is a South Korean transgender actress and model .
Rodolfo Morales ( May 8 , 1925 -- January 30 , 2001 ) was a Mexican painter , who incorporated elements of magic realism into his work .
Charlayne Hunter - Gault ( born February 27 , 1942 ) is an American journalist and former foreign correspondent for National Public Radio , and the Public Broadcasting Service .
Little Jimmy King ( December 4 , 1964 -- July 21 , 2002 ) was an American Memphis blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Donald Haines ( May 9 , 1919 -- February 20 , 1943 ) was an American child actor who had recurring appearances in the Our Gang short subjects series from 1930 to 1933 .
Stephen Russell is an American actor , writer , theatre director and voice actor , best known for his voice acting in the Thief video game series as the protagonist Garrett .
Lincoln Kilpatrick ( February 12 , 1932 -- May 18 , 2004 ) was an American film , television , and stage actor .
William Tapley Bennett Jr. ( April 1 , 1917 -- November 29 , 1994 ) was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to the Dominican Republic during the 1965 civil war .
Maria Entraigues - Abramson ( also known professionally as María María ) is an Argentinean - American singer , composer , and actress , and is the Global Outreach Coordinator for the SENS Research Foundation .
Hugo Kārlis Grotuss ( January 17 , 1884 in Jaunpils parish `` Dočkos '' -- January 16 , 1951 in Dillingen ) was a Latvian painter , classified as a Realist .
Desi Williams is a rugby league player born in London , England .
Earl Rogers ( November 18 , 1869 -- February 22 , 1922 ) was an American trial lawyer .
Teddy Coluca is an American actor who is playing the recurring role of the stage manager on NBC 's series 30 Rock .
Morris S. Halliday ( April 28 , 1883 -- May 17 , 1943 ) was a lawyer and politician who represented the forty - first Senate District in the State of New York Senate from 1915 to 1918 .
Sean Rowe ( born in Troy , New York ) is an alternative folk singer - songwriter and musician .
Adrien Perez ( born January 12 , 1988 ) is a Swiss swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Ercole de Maria ( ? -- c. 1640 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Bologna .
Vito Latora is an Italian physicist , currently Professor in Applied Mathematics ( Chair of Complex Systems ) at the School of Mathematical Sciences of the Queen Mary University of London .
Christl Mardayn married actor Hans Thimig in 1929 , and appeared with him in film roles , i.e. The White Horse Inn ( 1936 ) and Le drame de Shanghai ( 1938 ) .
Carlos Gianelli ( Montevideo , March 7 , 1948 ) is a Uruguayan lawyer and diplomat .
Fredrika Runeberg was the first Finnish author to critically analyze the status of women , at home and in the society .
Tanya Thornton Shewell ( born March 9 , 1944 ) is an American politician and former member of the Maryland House of Delegates .
Bryson of Heraclea ( Greek : Βρύσων , gen . : Βρύσωνος ; ; late 5th - century BCE ) was an ancient Greek mathematician and sophist who contributed to solving the problem of squaring the circle and calculating pi .
Murad Ahmed ( Bengali : মুরাদ আহমেদ ) is an English journalist who works as a European technology correspondent for the Financial Times .
Lene Lovich ( /leɪnə lʌvɪtʃ/ , born March 30 , 1949 ) is an American singer , songwriter and musician of Serbian descent based in England .
Asmahan Farhat , or Mercedes Farhat , born May 1 , 1990 in Strongsville , Ohio , United States , is a Libyan swimmer .
Fritz Jüptner - Jonstorff ( 1908 - -1993 ) was an Austrian art director who worked on more than a hundred films during his career .
Roxi Copland is an American jazz / pop singer - songwriter and pianist based in Milwaukee .
Oren Williams ( born January 1 , 1992 ) is an American actor and is very well known for acting in Rebound the movie made in 2005 and playing the role of Keith Ellis ; the best basketball player in his basketball team .
Charles Follen McKim ( August 24 , 1847 -- September 14 , 1909 ) was an American Beaux - Arts architect of the late 19th century .
Kelis Rogers ( /kə.ˈliːs/ ; born August 21 , 1979 ) better known mononymously as Kelis , is an American singer - songwriter and certified chef .
Tara Sutton is a Canadian journalist and filmmaker whose work in conflict zones has received many awards .
David F. Nazworthy , professionally known as Dave Naz ( born in 1969 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American photographer and film director .
Jorge Basile is an Argentine professional boxing referee .
Erynn Marshall ( born c. 1977 ) is a Canadian old - time fiddler , ethnomusicologist , teacher , author .
Tommy Aldridge ( born August 15 , 1950 ) is an American heavy metal and hard rock drummer .
Michael W. Foley ( born March 2 , 1964 ) is an American electrical engineer , wireless expert and executive director of the Bluetooth Special Interest Group , a consortium of over 12,000 companies who come together to create and promote Bluetooth wireless technology .
Mariano Piña Olaya ( Champusco , Puebla , March 29 , 1933 ) is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Puebla from 1987 to 1993 .
Noot Seear ( born Renata Seear ; October 5 , 1983 ) is a Canadian fashion model and actress .
Edward O. Phillips ( born November 26 , 1931 ) is a Canadian novelist , who has written both mystery novels and mainstream literary fiction .
Ved Rahi ( born 1933 ) is an Indian film director who made the film Veer Savarkar ( 2001 ) , a bio - epic on the life of Indian revolutionary Vinayak Damodar Savarkar .
Christof Migone is a Swiss - born experimental sound artist and writer , formerly based in Montreal , now living in Toronto .
Bruce Gilden ( born 1946 in Brooklyn , New York ) is a street photographer .
Lako Bukia ( Georgian : ლაკო ბუკია ) , born as Lali Bukia is a Georgian fashion designer .
Alsou Ralifovna Abramova ( Russian : Алсу́ Рали́фовна Абра́мова ; Tatar : Cyrillic Алсу Рәлиф кызы Абрамова , Latin Alsu Rälif qızı Abramova ; née Safina ) , better known as just Alsou ( Алсу́ ; born on June 27 , 1983 ) , is a Russian singer .
David Kldiashvili ( Georgian : დავით კლდიაშვილი , Davit ' Kldiašvili ) ( August 29 , 1862 -- April 24 , 1931 ) was a Georgian prose - writer whose novels and plays are concentrated on the degeneration of the country 's gentry and the miseries of the peasantry , boldly exposing the antagonisms of Georgian society .
John Lemuel Bethune ( March 9 , 1850 -- September 27 , 1913 ) was a Canadian physician and politician in the province of Nova Scotia .
Ishmael Wadada Leo Smith ( born December 18 , 1941 ) is an American trumpeter and composer , working primarily in the fields of avant - garde jazz and free improvisation .
Saint Trudpert ( d. c. 607 or 644 ) was a missionary in Germany in the seventh century .
Lawrence D. Cohen is an American screenwriter and producer , best known for his work on Brian De Palma 's Carrie ( 1976 ) , an adaptation of Stephen King 's novel .
Subrata Mukherjee is an Indian politician who has been Minister for Public Health Engineering in the Government of West Bengal since 2011 .
Jim Grimsley ( born September 21 , 1955 ) is an American novelist and playwright .
Theophilus Riesinger , O.F.M. Cap . , ( February 27 , 1868 - November 9 , 1941 ) was a German American Capuchin friar and Catholic priest , who later became widely known as an exorcist in the United States .
Bror Rexed ( June 19 , 1914 - August 21 , 2002 ) was a Swedish neuroscientist and professor at Uppsala University .
Martha Heredia Rivas ( born February 1 , 1991 ) is a Dominican singer and the winner of the fourth and last season of the television program Latin American Idol .
José Flores Pérez ( October 21 , 1910 -- August 27 , 1994 ) was a Mexican boxer better known as Battling Shaw or Benny Kid Roy .
Lefty Dizz ( April 29 , 1937 -- September 7 , 1993 ) was an American Chicago blues guitarist and singer whose recorded work appeared on eight albums .
Hill - Marta Solberg ( born November 12 , 1951 in Sortland ) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party , and a parliamentary representative for Nordland .
Lu Ban ( simplified Chinese : 鲁班 ; traditional Chinese : 魯班 ; pinyin : Lǔ Bān ; Wade -- Giles : Lu Pan ) ( 507 - -440 BC ) was an ancient Chinese carpenter , engineer , and inventor .
Amitabha Chattopadhyay is a molecular biologist .
Rachel Hadas ( born November 8 , 1948 ) is an American poet , teacher , essayist , and translator .
Östen Warnerbring ( November 22 , 1934 -- January 18 , 2006 ) was a Swedish singer , musician , composer and lyrics writer who mastered several musical genres .
Felix J. Sanner ( 1867 in Cleveland , Ohio -- 1946 ) was an American politician from New York .
Jan Grot ( Grotowic ) was bishop of Kraków from 1326 to 1347 .
Johann Palisa ( December 6 , 1848 -- May 2 , 1925 ) was an Austrian astronomer , born in Troppau in Austrian Silesia ( now in the Czech Republic ) .
Basil Gogos is an American illustrator best known for his portraits of movie monsters which appeared on the covers of Famous Monsters of Filmland magazine in the 1960s and 1970s .
Young Firpo ( April 25 , 1907 -- August 21 , 1984 ) was an American professional light - heavyweight boxer .
Theodore Marier was a good friend of French composer Jean Langlais .
Susie Tallman is a singer and recording artist known for recording children 's music .
Karl - Friedrich Stracke ( born June 22 , 1956 in Lichtenfels - Goddelsheim ) is a German engineer and was Chairman of the Management Board & Chief Executive Officer of Adam Opel AG .
Maurice LaMarche ( born March 30 , 1958 ) is a Canadian voice actor and former stand - up comedian .
Liam Rushe ( born 18 June 1990 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre forward for the Dublin senior team .
Ratu Semi Seruvakula is a Fijian chief and former politician , who served as Assistant Minister for Education in the interim Cabinet formed by Laisenia Qarase in the wake of the Fiji coup of 2000 .
In addition to being a musician , Chamillionaire has established himself as an entrepreneur .
Carlos Rivera Guerra , or better known as Carlos Rivera ( born March 15 , 1986 in Huamantla , Tlaxcala ) , is a Mexican singer who rose to fame by becoming the winner of the third generation of La Academia .
Jozef Jaklicz ( 1894 - 1974 ) was a soldier of the Austro - Hungarian Army and the Polish Legions in World War I , and officer of the Polish Army in the Second Polish Republic , nominated to the rank of General brygady .
Richard Shannon Hoon ( September 26 , 1967 -- October 21 , 1995 ) was an American singer - songwriter and musician .
Phulmati Devi Chaudhari ( Nepali : फूलमती देवी चौधरी ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Rastriya Janshakti Party .
Michael Hauser ( born March 30 , 1972 ) is a Czech philosopher , translator and founder of the civic organization Socialistický kruh ( Socialist Circle ) , which he also chaired until 2014 .
Paul P. ( born 1977 ) is a Canadian artist known primarily for his work as an oil painter .
Stevo Pendarovski is a politician and academic from the Republic of Macedonia .
Stanley Moss ( born June 21 , 1925 ) is an American poet , publisher , and art dealer .
Donald Frank Rose ( June 29 , 1890 -- February 7 , 1964 ) was an American newspaper columnist , lecturer , and author .
Robin Pemberton is an American motor racing official and formerly the vice president for competition of NASCAR .
Charles Tanford ( December 29 , 1921 -- October 1 , 2009 ) was a well - known protein biochemist .
Andrew W. Cooper ( August 21 , 1927 -- January 28 , 2002 ) was an African - American civil rights activist , businessman , and journalist .
Richard Jacob `` Rick '' Bolus ( born September 26 , 1949 ) is a high school basketball scout and director of the Rick Bolus High Potential `` Blue - Chip '' Basketball Camp .
Rika Muranaka is a Japanese composer and music producer renown for her songs in Konami 's world - famous video game series , Metal Gear Solid .
Awi Federgruen ( born ca 1950 , Geneva ) is a Dutch / American mathematician and operations researcher and Charles E. Exley Professor of Management at the Columbia University Graduate School of Business and affiliate professor at the university 's Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science .
Darcy Ribeiro ( October 26 , 1922 -- February 17 , 1997 ) was a Brazilian anthropologist , author and politician .
Emmy - winning journalist Darren Gersh was the Washington , D.C. bureau chief for the PBS show , Nightly Business Report .
Romy Gauchan Thakali ( Nepali : रोमी गौचन थकाली ) is a Nepalese politician .
Catherine Corley Anderson ( March 21 , 1909 -- December 12 , 2001 ) was a writer of children 's books .
John L. Cason , also known as Bob Cason or simply as John Cason , ( 1918 - -1961 ) was an American actor active in both films and television .
Carlos Mendy is a Uruguayan - born stage , film and television actor .
Andrew Kishore is a Bangladeshi popular singer .
Anthony Kramreither ( August 7 , 1926 - February 8 , 1993 ) was an Austrian - Canadian film and television actor and producer .
Lance Crouther is an American television producer / writer and actor .
Gidi Gov ( Hebrew : גידי גוב‎ ; born August 4 , 1950 ) is an Israeli singer , TV host , entertainer , and actor .
Kittredge Haskins ( April 8 , 1836 -- August 7 , 1916 ) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives .
Gérald Tremblay ( born September 20 , 1942 ) is a former Canadian politician and businessman who served as mayor of Montreal from 2002 until his resignation in 2012 .
Hojamamed Hojamamedov ( also Hojamamed Hojamamédow , born June 10 , 1986 ) is a Turkmen swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Rosil Al Azawi ( Arabic : رسل العزاوي‎ ) ( born January 11 , 1987 in Sharjah , UAE ) is an Iraqi television presenter , former Model and Film producer based in the United Arab Emirates .
Dr. Isaac González Martínez ( July 8 , 1871 -- April 20 , 1954 ) was the first Puerto Rican urologist , and a pioneer in the fight against cancer throughout the island .
Robert Petit is a Canadian lawyer who during 2006 and 2009 was the International Co - Prosecutor for the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia , which is aiming to try Khmer Rouge leaders for violations of international criminal law in Cambodia between 1975 and 1979 .
Donny Daniels is an assistant men 's basketball coach at Gonzaga University .
West is also a guitarist and singer - songwriter with a band called Billy West and The Grief Counselors .
Harald Sæther ( born May 9 , 1946 ) , is a Norwegian composer with a diploma ( MA ) from Grieg Academy ( 2008 ) .
Ross Kettle is a South African actor , known for directing the play Soweto 's Burning , and best known as Jeffrey Conrad in the NBC American television soap opera Santa Barbara .
Polly Bergen ( born Nellie Paulina Burgin ; July 14 , 1930 -- September 20 , 2014 ) was an American actress , singer , television host , writer , and entrepreneur .
Hossein Khosrow Ali Vaziri ( Persian:حسین خسرو علي وزیری ) ( born March 15 , 1942 ) is an Iranian American former professional wrestler and actor better known by his ring name The Iron Sheik .
Bruce Cutler ( born April 29 , 1948 ) is an American criminal defense lawyer known for defending organized - crime defendants , and for media appearances as an actor , a legal commentator , and a reality - show attorney .
The entire family of Mukul Dey had artistic talents , the brother Manishi Dey was a well - known painter , and his two sisters , Annapura and Rani , were accomplished in arts and crafts as well .
Walter Wick ( born February 23 , 1953 ) is an American artist and photographer best known for the elaborate images in two series of picture book activities for young children , I Spy ( 1992 to 1999 ) and Can You See What I See ? ( from 2002 ) , both published by Scholastic .
Shan - ul - Haq Haqqee ( Urdu : شان الحق حقی‎ ) , Sitara - e - Imtiaz , Tamgha - e - Quaid - i - Azam , was a notable Urdu poet , writer , journalist , broadcaster , translator , critic , researcher , linguist and lexicographer of Pakistan .
Pir Mazhar Ul Haq ( Urdu : پیر مظہر الحق ‎ ) is a politician in Pakistan who comes from the spiritual family of Bhan Syedabad and is a descendant of Makhdoom Moosa , 5th son of Hazrat Makhdoom Sarwar Nooh of Hala .
James Ewing Mears , also J. Ewing Mears M.D. , LL.D. ( October 17 , 1838 -- May 28 , 1919 ) was a surgeon and author .
V Kennelly(Sydney ) was a rugby league player in Australian leading competition - the New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL ) .
Guy Forsyth ( born December 2 , 1968 ) is an American Texas blues and blues rock singer , guitarist , harmonicist and songwriter .
Elliot Weber ( born August 9 , 1983 ) is an American singer - songwriter for Enova and a professional soccer player .
André Watts ( born June 20 , 1946 ) is a classical pianist and professor at the Jacobs School of Music of Indiana University .
Paul D. Borman ( born January 7 , 1939 ) is a United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan , having been appointed in 1994 .
Pamela L. Gay ( born December 12 , 1973 ) is an American astronomer , educator , podcaster , and writer , best known for her work in astronomical podcasting and citizen science astronomy projects .
Bhama Srinivasan ( April 22 , 1935 ) is a mathematician known for her work in the representation theory of finite groups .
Shane Shu ( Shane Berend van Lunteren , born February 11 , 1976 ) is a Dutch / Canadian singer - songwriter , producer and photographer from Kamloops , British Columbia .
Sammul Chan Kin - fung ( born 4 May 1978 ) is a Hong Kong actor , singer , and presenter .
Malcolm Bilson ( born October 24 , 1935 ) is an American pianist and musicologist specializing in 18th- and 19th - century music .
Mauricio Ochmann Siordia ( born November 16 , 1987 ) is a Mexican actor best known for his roles in telenovelas .
Albert Lindemann is an American historian known for his book Esau 's Tears :
Eugena Washington ( born October 8 , 1984 in Columbia , South Carolina , United States ) is an American model , best known for being second runner - up on America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 7 and for appearing in the music video of rapper B.o . B 's single `` Nothin' on You '' .
James Pitt was an 18th - century English journalist .
Kim Oler is an American television and theatrical composer .
Leo Lieberman was an American film screenwriter .
Terry Barker is a British economist and Director of the Cambridge Centre for Climate Change Mitigation Research ( 4CMR ) part of the Department of Land Economy , University of Cambridge .
Sharon Gilchrist is an American musician , singer , composer , mandolin instructor and the sister of Troy Gilchrist , also a bluegrass musician ..
John Chandler Bancroft Davis ( December 22 , 1822 -- December 27 , 1907 ) , commonly known as Bancroft Davis , was an American lawyer , judge , diplomat , and president of Newburgh and New York Railway Company .
Stephanie Louise Vallance , ( born September 8 , 1958 ) , known as Stevie Vallance , and also credited in film and TV as Louise Vallance during the 1970s-1990s , is a Canadian television actress , voice actress , stage performer , voice director , casting director and singer .
James Archibald Meriwether ( September 20 , 1806 -- April 18 , 1852 ) was a United States Representative , jurist and lawyer from Georgia .
Hal Borne ( December 26 , 1911 , Chicago , Illinois - February 25 , 2000 , Tarzana , California ) was an American popular song composer , orchestra leader , music arranger and musical director , who studied music at the University of Illinois .
Rohit Jivanlal Parikh ( born November 20 , 1936 ) is a mathematician , logician , and philosopher who has worked in many areas in traditional logic , including recursion theory and proof theory .
William Westbury ( c. 1385 - 1448/9 ) , also called William de Westbury and William of Westbury , was a fifteenth - century judge of the King 's Bench .
Marco Balderi is an Italian orchestra conductor who began his career after winning the International Competitions of Salzburg and Alexandria .
Grete Albrecht ( born August 17 , 1893 -- death date unknown ) was a German neurologist .
Edward Ambrose Baber ( April 23 , 1793 -- March 19 , 1846 ) was a U.S. doctor and diplomat .
Herodicus ( Greek : Ἡρóδιĸος ) was a Greek physician of the fifth century BC , and a native of Selymbria .
Lacey Banghard ( born 1 May 1992 ) is an English Page 3 and glamour model .
Gergely Luthár ( Prekmurian : Gergel Lutar , Slovene : Gregor Lutar , February 18 , 1841 Sebeborci -- March 12 , 1925 Sebeborci ) was a Slovene landowner , notary and writer in Hungary .
Francesco Pasquale Ricci ( May 17 , 1732 -- November 7 , 1817 ) , was an Italian composer and violinist .
Bobo Bergström ( born September 19 , 1964 ) is a chef and restaurateur based in Rodney Bay , St Lucia .
Franc Contreras is an American journalist of Mexican descent .
Cheng Chang - hsiung ( Chinese : 鄭樟雄 ; pinyin : Zhèng Zhāngxióng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Shai Gabso ( Hebrew : שי גבסו‎ ; July 20 , 1984 ) is an Israeli singer .
Ralf Hantschke ( born May 27 , 1965 ) is a German former ice hockey player and the current general manager of the Lausitzer Füchse .
Max Grodénchik ( born November 12 , 1952 ) , also known as Michael Grodénchik , is an American stage , film , and television actor , best known for his role as Rom , a recurring character on the television series Star Trek :
Ellen Contini - Morava is an anthropological linguist at the University of Virginia , interested in the meanings of linguistic forms , discourse analysis , functional linguistics and ( noun ) classification ; in particular , in the relationship between lexicon and grammar .
Yardena Alotin ( Hebrew : ירדנה אלוטין ; born April 19 , 1930 in Tel Aviv , died October 4 , 1994 in New York City ) was an Israeli composer and pianist .
Cemal Reşit Rey ( Turkish pronunciation : ( dʒeˈmaɫ ɾeˈʃit ɾej ) ) ( October 25 , 1904 - October 7 , 1985 ) was a Turkish composer , pianist , script writer and conductor .
Paul Trepte ( b. 1954 ) is an English cathedral organist , who served in St Edmundsbury Cathedral and is at Ely Cathedral
I m Soeun ( Hangul : 임소은 ; born October 7 1996 ) , better known by her stage name NC.A ( Hangul : 앤씨아 , New Creative Artist ) , is a South Korean singer .
David F. Case ( born 1937 ) is an American writer of short stories and novelist .
Vahan Shirvanian ( February 10 , 1925 , Hackensack , New Jersey -- January 30 , 2013 , Mountain Lakes , New Jersey ) was an American cartoonist .
Rowland Powell - Williams ( 8 January 1872 -- 16 December 1951 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket between 1897 and 1905 for Warwickshire , London County and the Gentlemen of England .
Jennifer Wong is a writer and poet from Hong Kong .
Charles Norbert Roettiers ( August 15 , 1720 -- November 19 , 1772 ) was a noted French engraver and medallist .
Son Sen ( Khmer : សុន សេន ) ( June 12 , 1930 -- June 10 , 1997 ) was a Cambodian Communist politician and soldier .
Kassie Miller is a model , reality TV star , singer and songwriter from Nashville , TN .
Hannah McKeand is a British polar explorer .
Speer Morgan ( born January 25 , 1946 in Fort Smith , Arkansas ) is an American novelist , short story writer , and editor .
Carlos Magalhães de Azeredo ( September 7 , 1872 -- November 4 , 1963 ) was a Brazilian poet , short story writer , diplomat and journalist .
Shaun Silva is a music video director who works primarily in the country music field .
Mark Mueller ( born July 9 , 1956 ) is an American songwriter whose career spans pop music , television , film and stage .
Edmund Eagan is a Canadian television composer , sound designer , and musician .
Luís da Câmara Cascudo ( December 30 , 1898 -- July 30 , 1986 ) was a Brazilian anthropologist , folklorist , journalist , historian , lawyer , and lexicographer .
Ogden Hoffman ( October 13 , 1794 -- May 1 , 1856 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms in the United States House of Representatives .
Avihu Medina ( Hebrew : אביהו מדינה‎ , born August 19 , 1948 , Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli composer , arranger , songwriter , and singer of Mediterranean Israeli music .
Al Porcino ( May 14 , 1925 -- December 31 , 2013 ) was an American lead trumpeter .
Warwick Estevam Kerr ( born September 9 , 1922 ) is a Brazilian agricultural engineer , geneticist , entomologist , professor and scientific leader , notable for his discoveries in the genetics and sex determination of bees .
Arthur Millward was a first class cricketer and Test match umpire .
Mary Rose McGeady ( June 28 , 1928 , Hazleton , Pennsylvania - September 13 , 2012 , Albany , New York ) was an American Roman Catholic nun who was widely acknowledged for her work with homeless youth in the United States .
Jessie Kesson ( October 28 , 1916 -- September 26 , 1994 ) , born as Jessie Grant McDonald , was a Scottish novelist , playwright and radio producer .
Pee Wee Lambert ( born Darrell Lambert on August 5 , 1924 ; died June 15 , 1965 ) was a mandolinist who worked with The Stanley Brothers .
Robert Correia ( born January 3 , 1939 in Fall River , Massachusetts ) is an American politician who represented the 7th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977 - -2008 and served as Mayor of Fall River , Massachusetts from 2008 - -2010.Mayor Correia ran for re - election in 2009 .
Shea Hecht is the chairman of the board of the National Committee for the Furtherance of Jewish Education and a leading Chabad rabbi .
Mary Koga ( née Mary Hisako Ishii , August 10 , 1920 -- June 8 , 2001 ) was a Japanese - American photographer and social worker in Chicago .
Vahid Alaghband is a British - Iranian international commodities trader and entrepreneur based in London .
Kenneth C. Davis is an American popular historian , best known for his Do n't Know Much About ... series .
Menander of Ephesus ( Greek : Μένανδρος ; fl . c. early 2nd century BC ) was the historian whose lost work on the history of Tyre was used by Josephus , who quotes Menander 's list of kings of Tyre in his apologia for the Jews , Against Apion ( 1.18 ) .
Sarah Stiles ( born June 20 , 1979 ) is an American singer and actress known for her work in Off - Broadway and Broadway theatre .
Tom Sims ( December 6 , 1950 -- September 12 , 2012 ) was an American athlete , inventor , and entrepreneur .
Charles Pattinson ( sometimes credited as Charlie Pattinson ) is a British television producer .
Josef Gassler was an Austrian Expressionist painter .
Brett Fulton is an Australian former rugby league player and the son of the rugby league immortal Bob Fulton .
Roderick Riley ( born March 11 , 1981 ) was a basketball player in the D League .
Lee Falk , born Leon Harrison Gross ( April 28 , 1911 -- March 13 , 1999 ) , was an American writer , theater director and producer , best known as the creator of the popular comic strips The Phantom ( 1936 - -present ) and Mandrake the Magician ( 1934 - 2013 ) .
Fee Plumley is a British - born digital artist , technology evangelist , and digital consultant .
Brendan Hines ( born December 28 , 1976 ) is an American actor and singer - songwriter .
Volkan Bozkır ( born November 22 , 1950 ) is a Turkish diplomat and politician who has served as the Minister of European Union Affairs since 24 November 2015 , having previously served from August 2014 to August 2015 .
Michael Ballou is an American artist who has been living in Brooklyn since 1983 .
Frederick A. Williams ( March 3 , 1869 -- July 31 , 1942 ) was an American pianist and composer from Cleveland , Ohio .
Hannie Rayson ( born 31 March 1957 ) is an award - winning Australian playwright and newspaper columnist .
George Givot ( February 18 , 1903 -- June 7 , 1984 ) was an American comedian and actor on Broadway and in vaudeville , movies , television and radio .
Louis St. Louis is an American songwriter , music arranger and singer famous for songs written for Grease , particularly the song `` Sandy '' ( co - written with Scott Simon ) , which was a hit for John Travolta and performing Rock ' n ' Roll Party Queen and Mooning with Cindy Bullens in the film .
Sonia Johnson ( born Sonia Ann Harris ; February 27 , 1936 ) is an American feminist activist and writer .
Charles Abiathar White ( January 26 , 1826 -- June 29 , 1910 ) was an American geologist , paleontologist , and writer whose publications total 238 titles .
Morinosuke Kawaguchi ( 川口盛之助 , b. May 1 , 1961 in Ashiya , Hyogo , Japan ) is a Japanese futurist and innovation expert .
Raphael Grinage was an American jazz and folk musician and composer .
Christian Neal Capes is an English model , reality television celebrity , host and producer for Unseen TV ; a Malaysian online entertainment website .
Mohammad Nasim Baras ( also Nasim Khan ; born 30 March 1993 ) is an Afghan cricketer .
Rob Mayes is an American actor , musician , and model .
Biswanath Chowdhury is a Revolutionary Socialist Party politician , and was a MLA from Balurghat for seven times in a row .
Anthony van Zijlvelt ( 1640s , Amsterdam -- 1700s , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age engraver and painter .
Nicholas J. Saunders is a British academic archaeologist and anthropologist .
Emil Mollenhauer ( 1855 -- 1927 ) was an American musician , an orchestra violinist and conductor .
Mary Astor Paul ( March 26 , 1889 - July 28 , 1950 ) was a Philadelphia socialite who was related to the Astor and Drexel families .
Alessandro Haber ( born January 19 , 1947 ) is an Italian actor , film director and singer .
Suzana Kostić ( December 31 , 1961 ) is a Serbian conductor , music educator and music scholar .
Jean Japart ( fl . ca . 1474 -- 1481 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the Renaissance , active in Italy .
Oskar Forss was a co - founder and during the years of 1987 - -1992 drummer of Swedish then - death metal band Therion .
Richard Loo ( October 1 , 1903 -- November 20 , 1983 ) was a third generation Chinese - American film actor who was one of the most familiar Asian character actors in American films of the 1930s and 1940s .
Jochen Fahrenberg ( * September 18 , 1937 in Berlin ) is a German psychologist in the fields of personality and psychophysiology
Ferdinand Zirkel ( May 20 , 1838 -- June 11 , 1912 ) was a German geologist and petrographer .
Jim Gary ( March 17 , 1939 -- January 14 , 2006 ) was an American sculptor popularly known for his large , colorful creations of dinosaurs made from discarded automobile parts .
Ralph Oscar Yeager , AIA , ( 1892 -- 1960 ) was an American architect who worked in Indiana .
David E. Durston ( September 10 , 1921 -- May 6 , 2010 ) was an American screenwriter and film director best known for directing the Charles Manson - inspired cult classic drive - in horror exploitation film , I Drink Your Blood , which was released in 1970 .
Ângela Maria Diniz Gonçalves ( born in Rio de Janeiro on December 5 , 1949 ) , best known by the stage name Angela Ro Ro , is a Brazilian singer - songwriter influenced by her idols Ella Fitzgerald , Maysa Matarazzo and Jacques Brel .
Scott Barry Kaufman ( born June 3 , 1979 ) is an American psychologist , author , and popular science writer known for his research and writing on intelligence and creativity .
Dah Ould Abdi ( born April 18 , 1951 ) is a Mauritanian diplomat who was Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation from 2001 to 2002 .
Sun Feifei ( Chinese : 孙菲菲 ; born March 20 , 1989 ) , commonly known as Fei Fei Sun , is a Chinese fashion model .
Oswald Parent ( September 30 , 1925 in Hull , Quebec -- July 4 , 2011 ) was a Quebec politician and chartered accountant .
Willy Matheisl ( born 1950 ) is a photographer living in Deggendorf , Bavaria , Germany .
Nicholas Chalmers is a conductor from England .
Violet Blue is an American journalist , author , editor , advisor , and educator .
Jocy de Oliveira ( born 1936 ) is a Brazilian pianist , multimedia artist and composer .
Karimpumannil Mathai George , popularly known as Dr. K. M. George , is an eminent Malayalam writer and educator .
Sharon Cheslow ( born October 5 , 1961 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American musician , composer , artist , and writer .
The performance was praised by noted arts critic John Rockwell in The New York Times , who said `` it introduced one truly remarkable singer in Deborah Voigt . ''
Cvetka Lipuš ( born 1966 ) is an Austrian poet writing in Slovenian .
Johann Augustin Kobelius ( 1674 - -1731 ) was a German opera composer at the court of Saxe - Weissenfels .
Haig Yazdjian is a composer and a vocalist and an Oud player and a producer .
Herbert J. Grover ( February 5 , 1937 ) is an American , Democratic educator and politician from Wisconsin .
Sha Zukang ( Chinese : 沙祖康 ; pinyin : Shā Zǔkāng ; born 1947 ) is a Chinese diplomat who was head of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs from 2007 to 2012 .
Charles Wilkes ( April 3 , 1798 -- February 8 , 1877 ) was an American naval officer and explorer .
Brandon Bays ( born August 21 , 1953 ) is an American motivational author and speaker .
Umberto Gillarduzzi ( Alternate spellings : Berto Gillarduzzi , Uberto Gillarduzzi ) ( December 17 , 1909 -- March 8 , 1994 ) was an Italian bobsledder who competed from the late 1930s to the early 1950s .
Kristy Lee Cook ( born January 18 , 1984 ) is an American country singer who was born in Seattle , Washington , and was the seventh place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol .
Emiliano Dumestre Guaraglia ( born February 11 , 1987 in Colonia del Sacramento ) is a Uruguayan rower .
Lise London became a writer and author , especially focused on the experiences of her husband during the 1950s .
Charles Arthur Fries ( 1854 - 1940 ) was an American painter active in Cincinnati and San Diego in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century .
Raymond Gafner ( February 17 , 1915 -- November 26 , 2002 ) was an ice hockey player , referee , and a member of the IOC between 1969 and 1990 .
Isaiah Zagar ( born 1939 ) is a Philadelphia mosaic artist .
Lançarote de Freitas , better known as Lançarote de Lagos or Lançarote da Ilha , was a 15th - century Portuguese explorer and slave trader from Lagos , Portugal .
Terrence O'Hara is an American film , television director and actor .
Chris McKhool ( born November 18 , 1968 ) is a Canadian violinist , guitarist , composer , producer and singer - songwriter .
Neville Shulman , CBE is a British mountaineer , explorer , author , and Ridley Scott 's personal consultant and adviser .
Juan E. Gilbert ( born February 27 , 1969 ) is an American computer scientist , researcher , inventor , and educator .
Edward Forrest De Nyse ( 1841?--May 12 , 1896 ) , usually known by his byline Edwin F. De Nyse ( and known colloquially as Ned De Nyse ) was an American newspaper reporter , newspaper editor , poet , playwright , librettist , and theatrical producer .
Pietro Antonio Giramo ( Naples , fl.1619-c1630 ) was an Italian baroque composer .
John Davis Long ( October 27 , 1838 -- August 28 , 1915 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and writer .
Stephen Welch is a world - class wheelchair tennis player .
Todd Robbins ( born August 15 , 1958 ) is an American magician , lecturer , actor , and author .
Yungchen Lhamo is a Tibetan singer - songwriter living in exile in New York City .
Slimmy , born Paulo Fernandes , is a Portuguese singer / songwriter who combines various genres of rock , especially electro rock .
Tuan Haji Othman Bin Wok ( born October 8 , 1924 ) , often known as Othman Wok , is a former Singaporean politician .
Albert Elkus ( April 30 , 1884 in Sacramento , CA - February 19 , 1962 in Oakland , CA ) was an American composer , pianist , and educator .
Ashishma Nakarmi is a Nepali actress , model and singer .
Ava Alice Muriel Astor ( July 7 , 1902 -- July 19 , 1956 ) was an American heiress , socialite , and member of the Astor family .
Mina Benson Hubbard ( April 15 , 1870 - May 4 1956 ) was a Canadian explorer and was the first white woman to travel and explore the back - country of Labrador .
Joseph Henry Harris ( December 13 , 1888 -- October 24 , 1952 ) was a Toronto manufacturer and politician .
Rudy D'Amico ( born August 18 , 1940 , in Queens , New York ) is a professional National Basketball Association scout , and former college and professional basketball coach , who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the European Champions Cup ( Euroleague championship ) in 1981 .
François N. Macerola ( born January 31 , 1942 ) is a Canadian lawyer and film executive .
Gary Sandy ( born December 25 , 1945 ) is an American actor , who starred as program director Andy Travis on the television sitcom WKRP in Cincinnati .
Chryso Stamatopoulou ( in Greek Χρυσώ Σταματοπούλου ) is a Greek rock singer , composer and musical theatre actress .
Neilus Flynn was a hurler who played hurling with Causeway in Co Kerry .
John Pozer is a Canadian film director , screenwriter , producer and editor .
Anne Humby ( born Anne Ayre ) ( flourished 1817 - -1863 ) was a British actress and singer frequently called `` Mrs Humby '' .
Ernest Lawson ( March 22 , 1873 -- December 18 , 1939 ) was a Canadian - American painter and a member of The Eight , a group of artists who formed a loose association in 1908 to protest the narrowness of taste and restrictive exhibition policies of the conservative , powerful National Academy of Design .
Arnold Chan ( born June 10 , 1967 ) is a Canadian lawyer and politician , who was elected to represent the riding of Scarborough--
Judah of Melun was a French rabbi , a tosafist of the first half of the 13th century ; he was son of the tosafist David of Melun ( from the area of Seine - et - Marne ) .
Kim Herforth Nielsen ( born 1954 ) is a Danish architect , co - founder and principal of 3XN .
Bhishma Narain Singh ( born 1933 ) is an Indian politician who served as the Governor of Assam from 1984 to 1989 and Governor of Tamil Nadu from 1991 to 1993 .
Alan M. Wilner ( born January 26 , 1937 , age 78 ) is an American jurist and a retired judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals , the state 's highest court from Baltimore County , Maryland .
Sidney Lovell ( February 26 , 1867 -- August 6 , 1938 ) was an American architect best known for designing mausoleums .
John R. Bennett is a U.S. politician from the state of Oklahoma .
Mariève Provost ( born April 15 , 1985 ) is a Canadian women 's ice hockey player that competed for the Moncton Blue Eagles women 's ice hockey program .
Cindy Sargon is an Australian TV chef who currently hosts Food 4 Life on the Seven Network .
John Williams Walker ( August 12 , 1783 -- April 23 , 1823 ) was an American politician , who served as the Democratic - Republican United States senator from the state of Alabama , the first senator elected by that state .
Laura Battiferri ( 1523 - -1589 ) , also called Laura Battiferri Ammanati , was an Italian poet during the Renaissance period .
Indira Sharma is an Indian psychiatrist specialising in child psychiatry and women 's mental health .
Antonius Musa ( Greek Ἀντώνιος Μούσας ) was a Greek botanist and the Roman Emperor Augustus 's physician ;
Aaron Burckhard ( born November 14 , 1963 ) is an American musician who was the first drummer recruited for Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic 's rock group that soon came to be known as Nirvana .
Roselyn Sánchez ( born April 2 , 1973 ) is a Puerto Rican singer - songwriter , model , actress , producer and writer .
Linwood Boomer ( born October 9 , 1955 ) is a Canadian - American television producer , writer , and actor .
Pier Paolo Polcari ( also known as Paolo Polcari or just Polcari ) was born in Naples in 1969 and is best known as a keyboard player , composer , and sometimes producer in the Italian band Almamegretta between 1990 and 1999 .
Ronald Guy de Alwis ( February 15 , 1959 - January 12 , 2013 ) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 11 Tests and 31 ODIs from 1983 to 1988 .
Savion Glover ( born November 19 , 1973 ) is an American tap dancer , actor , and choreographer .
Luc Illusie ( French : ( ilyzi ) ; born 1940 ) is a French mathematician .
Adi Talmor ( Hebrew : עדי טלמור‎ , born Judah Reuben November ; April 11 , 1953 -- August 5 , 2011 ) was an Israeli journalist and news presenter .
Alice Brown Chittenden ( October 14 , 1859 - October 13 , 1944 ) was an American painter based in San Francisco , California who specialized in flowers , portraits , and landscapes .
Laurie Simmons ( born October 3 , 1949 ) is an American artist , photographer and filmmaker currently working in New York and Northwestern Connecticut .
Fredrick Newton Arvin ( August 25 , 1900 -- March 21 , 1963 ) was an American literary critic and academic .
Taha Akyol is a Turkish journalist and writer of Abkhazian descent .
Tom Holloway is an award - winning Australian playwright , based in Melbourne as of May 2015 .
Craig Czury ( Kingston March 10 , 1951 ) is an American poet .
Edward Mazria is an architect , author and educator .
Craig Hella Johnson ( born c.1962 ) is an American choral conductor , composer , and arranger .
Sappho ( /ˈsæfoʊ/ ; Attic Greek Σαπφώ ( sapːʰɔ̌ː ) , Aeolic Greek Ψάπφω , Psappho ( psápːʰɔː ) ) was a Greek lyric poet , born on the island of Lesbos .
Vania Larissa ( born November 18 , 1995 in Pontianak , West Kalimantan ) is an Indonesian singer and beauty queen .
Beverly Willis ( born February 17 , 1928 ) is an American architect and Fellow of the American Institute of Architects ( FAIA ) .
Paul Siebel is an American singer - songwriter and guitarist , born on September 19 , 1937 in Buffalo , NY .
Ivana Horvat ( born 1974 ) is a model who lives in the United Kingdom .
Gailard Sartain ( born September 18 , 1946 ) is a former American actor , often playing characters with roots in the South .
Nedrick Young ( March 23 , 1914 -- September 16 , 1968 ) , also known by the pseudonym Nathan E. Douglas , was a screenwriter often blacklisted during the 1950s and 1960s .
Roberto Miguel Lifschitz ( born September 13 , 1955 in Rosario , Santa Fe ) , is an Argentine politician and civil engineer .
Brett Arends ( born Poughkeepsie , New York ) is an American writer and journalist .
Danishka Esterhazy ( born in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian screenwriter and film director .
Greg O'Connor is a composer and songwriter who has scored over 570 episodes of television and has written numerous featured songs for television series , films and commercials .
Lynn Snodgrass ( née Lynn Dee Grenz , born c. 1951 ) is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Nick Vanoff ( October 25 , 1929 -- March 20 , 1991 ) was a dancer , producer and philanthropist .
Héctor Luis Palma Salazar ( a.k.a . : `` El Güero Palma '' ) is a former Mexican drug trafficker and former leader of the Sinaloa Cartel alongside Joaquín `` El Chapo '' Guzmán .
Orie Leon Phillips ( November 20 , 1885 -- November 14 , 1974 ) was a United States federal judge and the first chief judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit .
Frank Lauren Hitchcock ( 1875 - -1957 ) was an American mathematician and physicist known for his formulation of the transportation problem in 1941 .
Dr. Ponemek Daraloy is a Laotian physician and politician .
Scotty Bahrke ( born July 19 , 1985 ) is an American freestyle skier specializing in aerial skiing .
Basilius Venantius iunior ( floruit 508 - 533 ) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire .
Marthe Voegeli MD , a Swiss physician , was a pioneer in the field of male contraceptive research .
Carl August Lebschée ( 1800 - 1877 ) was a German a painter , etcher , and lithographer , born at Schmiegel , ( modern Śmigiel , Poland ) .
Arthur Melville ( 1858 - -1904 ) was a Scottish painter , now probably best remembered for his Orientalist subjects .
Autumn Rowe is a New York based singer - songwriter who was born and raised in The Bronx .
Kavichandran Alexander ( born 1 January 1952 ) is an audio engineer and record producer .
Apurva Agnihotri is an Indian television actor , known for his role in hit show Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin and his debut film Pardes .
Charles Myeza is a Swazi politician and former police officer .
György Gilyán is a Hungarian diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Hungary to the Russian Federation .
Lou Adler ( born December 13 , 1933 ) is a Grammy Award - winning American record producer , music executive , talent manager , songwriter , film director , film producer , and co - owner of the famous Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood , California .
Dorian Electra ( born Dorian Electra Fridkin Gomberg , June 25 , 1992 ) is an American singer , songwriter , video and performance artist .
Jean - Marie Boisvert is a former Canadian politician and teacher .
E.H. Hurst ( ) was a dairy farmer and politician in Mississippi , elected as a Democrat to the Mississippi House of Representatives in the 1950s-1960s .
Iain Fletcher is a British television actor , best known for his role as DC Rod Skase in the ITV1 drama series The Bill .
Marilyn Borden ( May 29 , 1932 -- March 25 , 2009 ) was an American actress and singer who with her sister , Rosalyn `` Roz '' Borden , were known as the Borden Twins .
Mustafa Haji Abdinur is a Somali journalist and radio correspondent .
Victoria Davitt ( born October 17 , 1978 ) , better known by stage name Victoria Vox , is a singer , songwriter and musician specializing in the ukulele .
C. B. Harding ( sometimes credited as CB Harding ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer and cinematographer .
Sharif Hikmat Nashashibi is a London - based journalist , analyst on Arab affairs , and co - founder and chairman of Arab Media Watch , a media watchdog organization that monitors and responds to British media coverage of the Arab world .
Keith McGuffey , born in Danville , Kentucky , known by his stage name Trey D. , is a songwriter and composer who became known mostly by his euro - rap style songs in the mid-1990s .
Cynthia Pinot ( born January 27 , 1974 ) is an American film and television actress and former model .
William Sprague , also known as William III or William Sprague III ( November 3 , 1799 -- October 19 , 1856 ) , was a politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Rhode Island , serving as the 14th Governor , a U.S. Representative and a U.S. Senator .
Colton Smith ( born August 14 , 1987 ) is an American mixed martial artist and Combatives and Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu black belt under Matt Larsen and Alliance Jiu - Jitsu who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Rado Robert Garcia Klose ( professionally known as Bob Klose in the 1960s and Rado Klose more recently ) is an English musician and photographer .
Wayne McGregor CBE ( born 1970 ) is a British choreographer of contemporary modern dance .
Isyllus was an ancient Greek poet from Epidaurus .
Lincoln Maazel ( February 12 , 1903 -- September 15 , 2009 ) was an American singer and actor of stage and screen .
Cornelis Musius ( 1500 - -1572 ) was a Dutch Catholic priest and New Latin poet .
Asror Vohidov ( born October 20 , 1995 in Isfara ) is a young boxer from Tajikistan .
Thomas Kohnstamm is an American author , and travel writer who worked previously for Lonely Planet .
Pepijn van den Nieuwendijk ( Waddinxveen , October 13 , 1970 ) is a Dutch painter and ceramist .
Stuart Novins ( March 30 , 1914-December 7 , 1989 ) was an American television journalist .
Todd Verow ( born November 11 , 1966 ) is an American film director who now resides in New York City , New York .
Duane Jarvis ( August 22 , 1957 -- April 1 , 2009 ) was an American guitarist and singer - songwriter who recorded songs with many rock and roll and country music performers , including Frank Black , Peter Case , Rosie Flores , John Prine , Amy Rigby , Lucinda Williams and Dwight Yoakam .
Christopher Heyerdahl ( born September 18 , 1963 ) is a Canadian actor who has had roles in many television shows and movies .
While Guru Dutt was hired by Prabhat Film Company as a choreographer , he was soon pressed into service as an actor , and even as an assistant director .
Sid Tepper ( June 25 , 1918 -- April 24 , 2015 ) was an American songwriter , best known for his collaborations with Roy C. Bennett , which spawned several hits for Elvis Presley .
In September 1905 , Wagner signed a contract to produce the first bat with a player 's signature , the Louisville Slugger , becoming the first sportsperson to endorse a commercial product ; the Honus Wagner was to become a best - seller for years .
Hugh Lincoln Cooper ( April 28 , 1865 -- June 24 , 1937 ) was an American Colonel and renowned civil engineer , known for construction supervision of a number of hydroelectric power plants .
Javier Lozano Alarcón ( born November 21 , 1962 ) is a Mexican politician who served as Secretary of Labor in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón .
Tomohide Dote ( 土手朋英 , Dote Tomohide ) ( b. 1944 ) is a Japanese Nihonga painter .
M.C. Brains ( born James DeShannon Davis ) is an American rapper from Cleveland , Ohio .
Janie Dee is married to the actor and barrister Rupert Wickham and they have two children .
Melissa Fahn ( born April 28 , 1973 ) is an American voice actress and singer for anime dubs such as Cowboy Bebop , Digimon , Eureka Seven , FLCL , Invader Zim , Noein and Zatch Bell!.
Amira Edrahi ( Arabic : أميرة ادراحي‎ ; born October 15 , 1986 ) is a Libyan swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Sabine Schulze ( born March 19 , 1972 ) is a retired German swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships , setting a new world record .
Orlando Gough ( /ˈɡɒf/ ; born 1953 ) is a British composer , educated at Oxford , and noted for projects written for ballet , contemporary dance and theatre .
Jack Burditt is an American producer and screenwriter who has worked on television shows like Frasier , 30 Rock , and The Mindy Project .
Dr. Prof . Muhammad Shahid Qureshi or Shahid Qureshi , styled as Dr. M. Shahid Qureshi , is a Pakistani astrophysicist and a renowned astronomer .
Rita Banerji is an author , photographer and gender activist from India .
Francesca Quondamcarlo ( Italian pronunciation : ( franˈt͡ʃeska ˌkwɔndaŋˈkarlo ) ; born 21 August 1980 ) is an Italian épée fencer .
Gennesio Liberale ( or Gensio ) was an Italian painter of the Venetian school .
Victor Bădulescu ( July 28 , 1892 - -December 1953 or January 1954 ) was a Romanian economist .
Leonard L. Bembry ( born August 24 , 1947 ) is a Democratic politician who served as the District 10 member of the Florida House of Representatives .
William Eubank ( born November 15 , 1982 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and cinematographer .
Odetta Holmes ( December 31 , 1930 -- December 2 , 2008 ) , known as Odetta , was an American singer , actress , guitarist , songwriter , and a civil and human rights activist , often referred to as `` The Voice of the Civil Rights Movement '' .
Don Bies ( born December 10 , 1937 ) is an American professional golfer who has won tournaments on the PGA Tour , the Senior PGA Tour ( now known as the Champions Tour ) , and in the Pacific Northwest Section of the PGA of America .
Leyla Saz , also called Leyla Hanimefendi in her time , was a Turkish composer , poet and writer .
Carroll L. Coburn ( February 23 , 1907 -- April 10 , 1975 ) was a Vermont farmer and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate .
John Milhiser ( born November 29 , 1981 ) is an American actor and comedian who was most recently a cast member on Saturday Night Live for the 2013 - -2014 season .
Eri Hosoda ( 細田絵理 Hosoda Eri , born May 15 , 1984 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees .
John Quill is an Irish - born American international rugby union player who currently plays club rugby for NYAC in the American Rugby Premiership and also plays for the United States national rugby union team .
Walter Dorwin Teague ( December 18 , 1883 - December 5 , 1960 ) was an American industrial designer , architect , illustrator , graphic designer , writer , and entrepreneur .
Elemér Bokor ( January 19 , 1887 , Sátoraljaújhely , Zemplén County -- September 1 , 1928 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Gordon Abercrombie ( born in Sydney , New South Wales ) was an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition .
Joel Banal ( born February 6 , 1958 ) is a retired Filipino professional basketball player , and former head coach in the Philippine Basketball Association .
John Pardee is an American screenwriter and television producer , currently working as executive producer for Desperate Housewives .
Julius Packiam is an Indian composer who works predominantly in Hindi cinema .
Hisham Tawfiq ( born September 24 , 1976 ) is an American actor , best known for playing Dembe Zuma , part of the security detail for Raymond Reddington in NBC 's The Blacklist .
Gaurav Nanda is a films , TV and theatre actor known for his roles in Bandini ( TV series ) on NDTV Imagine , Parvarrish --
Claude Delangle is a French classical saxophonist .
Sam Chatmon ( January 10 , 1897 -- February 2 , 1983 ) was a Delta blues guitarist and singer .
Craig Rosebraugh is a writer , filmmaker and activist advocating for political and social justice , and environmental and animal protection .
Eusebius of Myndus ( Greek : Εὐσέβιος ) was a 4th - century philosopher , a distinguished Neoplatonist .
Román Macaya Hayes ( born September 19 , 1966 ) is a Costa Rican entrepreneur , biochemist , and politician , mostly known for his adamant opposition to the Dominican Republic --
Luo Yijun ( Chinese : 駱以軍 ; March 29 , 1967 - ) is a Taiwanese writer .
Dr Shashank Shah , is an Indian laparoscopic bariatric surgeon .
Cerina Vincent ( born February 7 , 1979 ) is an American actress and writer best known for playing Maya the Yellow Galaxy Ranger in the television series Power Rangers Lost Galaxy , as well as her film appearances in Not Another Teen Movie , Cabin Fever , It Waits , and Everybody Wants to Be Italian .
Dr. Bob Arnot , M.D. internal medicine , is an award - winning journalist , author of twelve books on nutrition and health , host of the Dr Danger reality TV series , and previously chief medical and foreign correspondent for NBC and CBS .
Colin Stinton ( born March 10 , 1947 ) is a Canadian - born actor who often portrays fictional American politicians , lawyers and government agents .
Joseph Coerten Hornblower ( May 6 , 1777 -- June 11 , 1864 ) was an American lawyer and jurist from Belleville , New Jersey .
Arnold S. Caplin ( May 8 , 1929 in Brooklyn , New York City -- December 25 , 2009 in Pittsfield , Massachusetts ) was an American record producer , founder and ( former ) owner of Historical Records and Biograph Records .
Sergei Vikulov ( born 24 July 1957 ) , is former Russian professional ice - hockey player who spent most of his career in Soviet ice - hockey league .
Michael Cinco ( born August 27 , 1971 ) is a Filipino fashion designer based in Dubai .
Al Held ( October 12 , 1928 -- July 27 , 2005 ) was an American Abstract expressionist painter .
Frederick `` Fred '' Douglas Rosser III ( born November 2 , 1983 ) , better known by his ring name Darren Young , is an American professional wrestler signed to WWE where he is a former one - time WWE Tag Team Champion .
Yeh Tzu - cheng ( Chinese : 葉子誠 ; pinyin : Yè Zichéng ; born November 22 , 1987 ) is a Taiwanese swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Maura Derrane ( born 8 July 1970 ) is an Irish television presenter and journalist .
Saint Paisios of Mount Athos ( Greek : Ὃσιος Παΐσιος ὁ Ἁγιορείτης ) , born Arsenios Eznepidis ( 1924 - -1994 ) , was a well - known Greek Eastern Orthodox ascetic from Mount Athos , who originated from Pharasa , Cappadocia .
Jack Goldstein ( September 27 , 1945 -- March 14 , 2003 ) was a Canadian born , California - based performance and conceptual artist turned painter in the 1980s art boom .
Ernest Ingersoll ( March 13 , 1852 -- November 13 , 1946 ) was a renowned American naturalist , writer and explorer .
Harry Doupe is a Canadian stand - up comedian and writer .
Joan Shea is a former Canadian politician and Cabinet minister in Newfoundland and Labrador .
James Henry Breasted ( /ˈbrɛstɪd/ ; August 27 , 1865 -- December 2 , 1935 ) was an American archaeologist , Egyptologist , and historian .
Rosy Armen ( Armenian : Ռոզի Արմեն ) is a French singer of Armenian descent .
Michael Sackler - Berner ( born October 12 , 1983 ) is an American songwriter , recording artist , guitarist and singer .
Peter Krikes is an American screenwriter who contributed to the screenplay for Star Trek IV :
Ayala Hasson - Nesher ( Hebrew : איילה חסון - נשר‎ ; born September 28 , 1961 ) is an Israeli television personality and journalist and is one of the major political commentators on the Second Israeli Broadcasting Authority ( SBA ) Channel 10 .
On Throwdown ! with Bobby Flay , the chef challenges cooks renowned for a specific dish or type of cooking to a cook - off of their signature dish .
Ahn Eak - tai ( Korean : 안익태 , Hanja : 安益泰 ) ( December 5 , 1906 -- September 16 , 1965 ) was a Korean classical composer and conductor .
Shi Yan Ming ( born Duan Gen Shan ; February 13 , 1964 ) is a 34th generation Shaolin warrior monk , teacher and actor , best known as the founder of the USA Shaolin Temple .
Greg Rickford , PC , ( born September 24 , 1967 ) is a former Canadian politician , who served as the Minister of Natural Resources in the cabinet of Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
Sophie Caldwell ( born March 22 , 1990 , Peru , Vermont ) is an American cross - country skier .
Stéphane Sednaoui is a French director , photographer , producer and actor .
Luc - Marie Constant Gnacadja or simply Luc Gnacadja is a Beninese politician and architect .
Mariano Graziadei also known as Mariano da Pescia , was an Italian painter of the early - Renaissance period , active in Florence .
Bryan Loren Hudson ( born 1966 ) is an American singer - songwriter , recording artist and record producer .
Patrick Clifford ( born in New York City , 1966 ) is a musician , songwriter , and producer of Irish and folk music .
Robert Goldschmidt ( 1877 - -1935 ) was a Belgian chemist , physicist , and engineer who first proposed the idea of standardized microfiche ( microfilm ) .
Ann Hyland is a writer and historian who specialises in equestrianism and the development of horses .
Jim Sonzero is a music video and film director .
Ayla Peksoylu also known as ANGEL - I ' is half Irish half Turkish Cypriot UK born singer , songwriter , actress and professional model from a very established musically backgrounded family .
Kamuela C. Searle ( August 29 , 1890 - February 14 , 1924 ) was a Hawaiian actor , sculptor and painter , best remembered for his portrayal of Korak , the son of Tarzan and Jane .
Christine Ben - Ameh ( born 1986 ) is a British Nigerian singer - songwriter and recording artist .
Rick Florian ( born April 10 , 1962 ) is a musician , songwriter and producer , most known for being the lead singer of Contemporary Christian Music rock band Whiteheart since 1986 .
Delly Madrid ( born April 29 , 1979 ) is a Peruvian reality television contestant , model , and dancer .
Jakob Tigges is a German architect and academic `` who became known through a series of artistic and provocative urban design proposals '' , such as his iconic proposals for Berlin and Chicago , dubbed The Berg , 2009 , and ChicagoSkyScrapesBack , 2010 .
William Glenn Shadix ( April 15 , 1952 -- September 7 , 2010 ) was an American Actor and voice actor known for his role as Otho Fenlock in Tim Burton 's horror / comedy film Beetlejuice and the voice of the Mayor of Halloween Town in The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Mark T. Smith ( born January 12 , 1968 ) is a celebrated American painter .
Ascanio Mayone ( ca . 1565 -- 1627 ) was a Neapolitan composer and harpist .
Lieutenant General Nhial Deng Nhial is a South Sudanese politician and a member of the ruling Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) .
Tiffany Benson ( born July 20 , 1988 ) is a professional basketball player who most recently played for Nyon in Switzerland .
Dr. Mono Mohan Das was a Congress politician and a Union Deputy Minister .
Ruth Erat ( born August 3 , 1951 ) is a Swiss teacher , author , painter , and politician .
Jo Ann Emerson ( born September 16 , 1950 ) is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for Missouri 's 8th congressional district from 1996 to 2013 .
Nusrat Jahan is an Indian Bengali film actress and model .
Kang Ching - jung , or commonly known as Kang Kang , is a famous Taiwanese entertainer , singer , and television host .
P. Seenivasan was an Indian politician of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
Mark Matkevich ( born June 19 , 1978 ) is an American actor / art gallerist best known for appearing as Drue Valentine in 17 episodes of the television program Dawson 's Creek .
Stacy Bromberg ( born July 27 , 1956 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American former darts player who was a PDC Women 's World Darts Champion .
Bart Dorsa ( born 1967 ) is an American artist , photographer , film - maker .
Kristopher Campbell ( born April 27 , 1990 ) , better known by his stage name K Camp ( stylized as K CAMP ) , is an American rapper and vocalist from Atlanta , Georgia .
David Gelb ( born October 16 , 1983 ) is an American film director who directed the critically acclaimed 2011 documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi .
Michael S. Berman is a long - time Washington lawyer and lobbyist .
Hatem El Mekki ( May 16 , 1918- September 23 , 2003 ) was a prominent Tunisian painter .
David Crabb ( December 13 , 1975 - ) is an American actor and writer .
Pablo Rosenberg is an Argentine - Israeli singer .
James W. Prescott ( born c. 1930 ) is an American developmental psychologist , whose research focused on the origins of violence , particularly as it relates to a lack of mother - child bonding .
Tequan Richmond ( Tuh - kwon ; born October 30 , 1992 ) , also known by his stage name , T - Rich , is an American actor , rapper and martial artist .
Frankie DeCarlos Patrick ( born July 14 , 1976 ) , better known by his stage name Frankie DeCarlos , is an American singer - songwriter , record producer , musician , and entrepreneur .
Jeff Crook is a novelist , author , and former technical writer for the United States Postal Service .
Andy Wibowo ( born June 9 , 1980 ) is an Indonesian former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Ralph C. Harris was an architect working in Chicago during the first half of the 20th century .
The Indian Libertarian wrote that : `` it would be difficult to find a more machiavellian leftist than Mrs Indira Gandhi ... for here is Machiavelli at its best in the person of a suave , charming and astute politician . ''
Jerry Jost ( died December 30 , 2014 ) was an American sound engineer .
Charles Jay Connick ( 1875 - -1945 ) was a prominent American painter , muralist , and designer best known for his work in stained glass in the Gothic Revival style .
Gabriella Cristiani ( born 1949 ) is an Italian film editor with about twenty feature film credits .
Betty Merken is an American painter and printmaker who lives and works in Seattle , Washington .
Édouard Claparède ( March 24 , 1873 -- September 29 , 1940 ) was a Swiss neurologist , child psychologist , and educator .
Nathaniel Lord Britton ( January 15 , 1859 -- June 25 , 1934 ) was an American botanist and taxonomist who co - founded the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx , New York .
David Fahm is a British film , theatre and television actor .
Lisa Suhay ( born 1965 ) is an American journalist and children 's book author .
Aase Winther ( née Aase Svendsen ) is a former Danish badminton player .
Richard Quine ( November 12 , 1920 -- June 10 , 1989 ) was an American stage , film , and radio actor .
Rick Mofina is a Canadian author of crime fiction and thriller novels .
John DeSantis ( born January 21 , 1977 ) is a Canadian actor , perhaps best known as Lurch on Fox Family 's television of The New Addams Family .
Jose C. Muñoz ( born May 24 , 1979 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who represents District 7 on the Hudson County , New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders ; one of nine members who serve in a legislative role administering all county business .
Benjamin Klasmer was a professional violinist and composer notable for his contributions to the musical culture of 20th century Baltimore , Maryland .
Frank Sheriff ( born 1957 ) is an abstract sculptor who was born in Yokohama , Japan to an American father and a Japanese - American mother .
O'Neil Bell ( December 29 , 1974 -- November 25 , 2015 ) was a Jamaican professional boxer who held the unified WBA ( Super ) , WBC , IBF and The Ring magazine cruiserweight titles .
Angela Narth is a Canadian writer and freelance literary reviewer .
Edgar Berger ( born October 19 , 1966 ) is a German music manager and former journalist .
Styalz Fuego is an Australian music producer , vocalist and songwriter .
Anna Karen Morrow , also known as Anna K. Morrow ( September 20 , 1914 -- July 1 , 2009 ) was an American model turned film and television actress .
Chad Griggs ( born May 15 , 1978 ) is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC 's Light Heavyweight division .
Stanisław Trepczyński ( 1924 - 2002 ) was a Polish diplomat , who served as the 27th president of the United Nations General Assembly .
Leila Fletcher ( August 12 , 1899 - April 9 , 1988 ) was a Canadian pianist , composer , publisher , music editor and educator .
Mesfin Negash ( Amharic : መስፍን ነጋሽ ) is an Ethiopian journalist , political commentator for Addis Neger and columnist for Sampsonia Way Magazine .
Merrill Edwin Barrington ( February 25 , 1920 -- December 18 , 1965 ) was a Canadian politician , accountant and insurance broker .
Selphie Bong was noted as one of the top 15 fashion designer in Indonesia and was called the Indonesian Christian Dior .
Nikos Engonopoulos ( Greek : Νίκος Εγγονόπουλος ; October 21 , 1907 -- October 31 , 1985 ) was a modern Greek painter and poet .
Maralyn Lois Polak is an award - winning eclectic and unconventional American columnist , screenwriter , performance poet , spoken word artist , novelist and journalist .
Brigitte Jobbé - Duval is a French historian and linguist .
David Sontag is an American professional wrestler and actor .
Jonathan Teplitzky is an Australian writer and film director , who has directed the movies Better Than Sex ( 2000 ) , Gettin ' Square ( 2003 ) , Burning Man ( 2011 ) and The Railway Man ( 2013 ) .
Brandon Halsey ( born September 16 , 1986 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist and the former Bellator Middleweight Champion .
Frederick M. Hess ( born c. 1967 ) is an American educator , political scientist , and author .
Tony Bartelme , an American journalist and author , is the senior projects reporter for The Post and Courier in Charleston , South Carolina .
Vivian Chukwuemeka ( born May 4 , 1975 ) is a Nigerian shot putter and two - time Olympian .
Shobha Gurtu ( Marathi : शोभा गुर्टू ) ( 1925 - -2004 ) was an Indian singer in the light Hindustani classical style .
Oscar Jacques ( born Peterborough , England ) is an English actor best known for playing Tom Tupper in the CBBC Series M.I. High .
Bill Hansell is an American Republican politician who is a current member of the Oregon Senate , representing the 29th District .
L. A. Sohnke was a German mathematician who worked on the complex multiplication of elliptic functions .
Dimitry Gerrman ( March 10 , 1955 - - ) is an American artist and sculptor of Belarusian origin .
Ryann Maegen Hoven ( born July 5 , 1985 ) , known professionally as Tess Holliday and formerly known as Tess Munster , is an American plus - size model based in Los Angeles .
Morgan Lily ( born Morgan Lily Jane Gross ; April 11 , 2000 ) is an American actress and fashion model .
Jess Morgan is a folk and trance singer from Norwich , England .
Hasan Durham ( born August 14 , 1971 in Bermuda ) is a Bermudian cricketer , who played with the Bermudian cricket team in their first ever One Day International when they played Canada on May 17 , 2006 .
Luca Manfè is an Italian chef , best known for winning the fourth season of the U.S. version of MasterChef .
Derek Lam is an American fashion designer , known for using pretty , feminine fabrics combined with clean silhouettes .
Luke Caswell ( born June 27 , 1978 ) , better known as Cazwell , is an American rapper and songwriter .
Nicholas Ray ( August 7 , 1911 -- June 16 , 1979 ) was an American film director best known for the movie Rebel Without a Cause .
Allan Saxe is an American political scientist , author , lecturer , radio commentator , philanthropist , and university professor .
Sinitta ( born Sinitta Renay Malone ) is an American - born singer who has lived in the United Kingdom for most of her life .
Federico Castelluccio ( born April 29 , 1964 ) is an Italian American actor and professional visual artist , who is best known for his role as Furio Giunta on the HBO TV series , The Sopranos .
Joan Elliott Pickart is a popular United States writer of over 100 romance novels since 1984 .
David Blaine ( born David Blaine White ; April 4 , 1973 ) is an American magician , illusionist and endurance artist .
Richard Yardumian ( April 5 , 1917 -- August 15 , 1985 ) was an Armenian - American classical music composer .
Denis Oswald ( born May 9 , 1947 ) is a Swiss rower and sports official .
Dan Haskett is a veteran animator who designed the character Belle for Disney 's Beauty and the Beast , as well as Ariel for The Little Mermaid and Tod as an adult for The Fox and the Hound .
Kalyn Chapman James is an American model , television host , and beauty pageant titleholder from Mobile , Alabama , who was crowned Miss Alabama in 1993 , the first African American to win the pageant .
Douglas A. Baker ( April 19 , 1934 -- October 20 , 2014 ) was an American professional wrestler and actor , better known professionally as Ox Baker .
Mabel Louise Smith ( May 1 , 1924 -- January 23 , 1972 ) , known professionally as Big Maybelle , was an American R&B singer .
Charlotte Corbeil - Coleman is a Canadian playwright , screenwriter and actress .
Wilma Cosmé ( born 16 January 1966 , in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) , better known by her stage name Sa - Fire , is a Puerto Rican singer .
Trude Weiss - Rosmarin ( June 17 , 1908 -- June 26 , 1989 ) was a Jewish - German - American writer , editor , scholar , and feminist activist .
J. Robert King is a novelist who has also worked as a game designer on a number of products for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role - playing game from TSR .
Edmund Howes ( fl . 1607 - -1631 ) , was an English chronicler .
Penny Bacchiochi ( born c. 1961 ) is an American Republican politician , who served as a state representative in Connecticut .
Eric Clayton ( born December 1 , 1967 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician , best known for his work in the influential gothic symphonic metal group Saviour Machine which he formed with his brother Jeff Clayton in 1989 .
Harald Grosskopf ( or Harald Großkopf ) is a German electronic musician .
Paul Revere Braniff ( August 30 , 1897 -- June 1 , 1954 ) was an airline entrepreneur .
Janeen Webb ( née Pemberton ) is an Australian writer , critic , and editor working mainly in the field of science fiction and fantasy .
Glen Nissen ( born 4 March 1966 ) , nicknamed `` Know - How '' , is a former Australian professional rugby league player who primarily played as a fullback , a centre , or a winger .
Dick Manning ( June 12 , 1912 -- April 11 , 1991 ) was a Russian - born American songwriter , best known for his many collaborations with Al Hoffman .
Georgie Auld ( May 19 , 1919 -- January 8 , 1990 ) was a jazz tenor saxophonist , clarinetist , and bandleader .
Mark Guidry ( born August 6 , 1959 in Lafayette , Louisiana ) was an American jockey .
Vladimir Tismăneanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vladiˈmir tisməˈne̯anu ) ; born July 4 , 1951 ) is a Romanian and American political scientist , political analyst , sociologist , and professor at the University of Maryland , College Park .
Imre Augustich or Agostich ( Slovene : Imre Augustič September 29/30 , 1837 -- July 17 , 1879 ) was a Slovene writer , poet , journalist , and representative of Vas county in the National Assembly of Hungary .
Toby Olson ( born 1937 Chicago ) is an American novelist .
Carlos Rafael Rodríguez ( May 23 , 1913 -- December 8 , 1997 ) was a Cuban Communist politician , who served in the cabinets of presidents Fulgencio Batista and Fidel Castro .
Andy Varipapa ( March 31 , 1891 -- August 25 , 1984 ) was a professional and trick bowler .
Adrien Basin ( fl . 1457 -- 1476 ; died after 1498 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer , singer , and diplomat of the Burgundian school of the early Renaissance .
Pj Perez ( born August 4 , 1976 ) is an American editor , writer and musician , best known for his reports and commentary on Las Vegas culture in such publications as Rolling Stone .
Algot Lange ( 10 May 1884 - ? ) was a Swedish explorer and writer of the Amazon .
Jesse Marchant , better known by his stage name JBM , is a Canadian singer - songwriter .
Branko Peković is a Serbian water polo player now representing Kazakhstan .
Jung Hyo - jung ( Hangul : 정효정 ; born January 26 , 1984 ) is a South Korean épée fencer .
Steve Hofmann is a mathematician who helped solve the famous Kato 's conjecture .
Andrew Gelman ( born February 11 , 1965 ) is an American statistician , professor of statistics and political science , and director of the Applied Statistics Center at Columbia University .
Beth Ostrosky Stern ( born July 15 , 1972 ) is an American actress , author , model , and animal rights activist .
Jeremiah Burroughs ( sometimes Burroughes ; c. 1600 -- London , November 13 , 1646 ) was an English Congregationalist and a well - known Puritan preacher .
Alexander Bielaski ( born Aleksander Bielawski August 10 , 1811 in Poland ; died November 7 , 1861 in Mississippi County , Missouri ) was a civil engineer and Captain in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
La Diabólica ( real name unknown ; born September 28 , 1965 ) is a Mexican luchadora enmascarada , or masked professional wrestler , best known from her work in the Mexican professional wrestling promotions Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) .
Giorgia Gueglio ( born 1973 ) is an Italian singer and founding member of the heavy metal band Mastercastle .
Jian Ghomeshi ( born June 9 , 1967 ) is a Canadian musician , writer , and former CBC radio broadcaster .
Erminio Blotta ( November 8 , 1892 -- January 23 , 1976 ) was an Argentine self - taught sculptor of Italian origin .
Diego Bossio ( born September 9 , 1979 ) is an Argentine economist appointed Executive Director of ANSES , the national social insurance agency .
Mychal Green ( born January 15 , 1983 in Columbus , Ohio , USA ) is an American professional basketball player .
Quinn Marston is an American indie folk singer - songwriter based in New York City .
William T. Carpenter , M.D. is a psychiatrist , a pioneer in the fields of psychiatry and pharmacology who served as an expert witness in the John W. Hinckley trial for the attempted assassination of U.S. President Ronald Reagan .
Rachel Hirschfeld ( born January 20 , 1946 ) is an animal rights activist and a lawyer specializing in the area of animal law , pet trusts , and pet protection agreements .
Papiloa Foliaki is a Tongan former politician .
Agnès Fienga is a French astronomer working at the Institut de Mécanique Céleste et de Calcul des Éphémérides .
Snyder Rini ( born 27 July 1949 ) is a Solomon Islands politician who was briefly the eighth Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from April to May 2006 and has been Minister for Finance and Treasury since December 2007 .
E. C. Osondu is a Nigerian writer known for his short stories .
Ames created the HBO series Bored to Death , which stars Jason Schwartzman as a struggling Brooklyn novelist named Jonathan Ames who moonlights as an unlicensed private detective .
Paul Dourish ( born 1966 ) is a computer scientist best known for his work and research at the intersection of computer science and social science .
T. Harv Eker is an author , businessman and motivational speaker known for his theories on wealth and motivation .
Shazahn Padamsee ( born 1987 ) is an Indian film and stage actress , who has also worked as model .
Philippa Lowthorpe ( born 27 December 1961 ) is a film and television director from Market Rasen .
Andrea della Robbia ( October 24 , 1435 -- August 4 , 1525 ) was an Italian Renaissance sculptor , especially in ceramics .
Sabapathypillai Illangaratnam was a Sri Lankan cricketer and stalwart of Moratuwa and Bloomfield Cricket club and Bank of Ceylon prior to country obtaining the test status .
Samuel J. Danishefsky ( born March 10 , 1936 ) is an American chemist working as a professor at both Columbia University and the Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York City .
Bill Morrissey ( November 25 , 1951 -- July 23 , 2011 ) was an American folk singer / songwriter from New Hampshire .
Nidhi Eoseewong ( also rendered Nithi Aeusrivongse and Nithi ʻĪeosīwong ) ( Thai : นิธิ เอียวศรีวงศ์ ; rtgs : Nithi Iaosiwong ; b. May 8 , 1940 ) is a prominent Thai historian , writer , and political commentator .
Jeanette Clinger , is an American singer / vocalist who has toured and/or recorded with such artists as Kim Carnes , Bradley Joseph , Hiroshima ( band ) , Sheena Easton , Julie Brown , Donovan , and Yanni for whom she is featured on the live concert video and album Tribute .
Walley Chamberlain Oulton ( 1770?--1820 ? ) was an Irish playwright , theatre historian and man of letters .
Thomas Middleditch ( born March 10 , 1982 ) is a Canadian actor , comedian , and television writer , known for his lead roles as Justin Frost in the 2009 romantic comedy Splinterheads and as Richard Hendricks in the HBO series Silicon Valley .
William Urban is a crusader historian specialising in Baltic Crusades and the Teutonic knights , and is one of the leading experts on the matter in the US .
T. Arthur Cottam is a screenwriter , actor , producer and film director .
Carolyn Chute ( born Carolyn Penny , June 14 , 1947 ) is an American writer and populist political activist strongly identified with the culture of poor , rural western Maine .
Marco Antonio Solís ( born December 29 , 1959 ) is a Mexican musician , composer , and record producer .
Emma Clayton is a British children 's novelist and author of dystopian thrillers , The Roar and The Whisper .
Dr. Ali Haghighi is a biochemist with Natural Balance Pet Foods in Pacoima , California .
Samuel Pountney Smith JP ( born 2 November 1812 , died 5 November 1883 ) was an English architect who practised in Shrewsbury , Shropshire , England .
Makeba Riddick ( also known as `` Girl Wonder '' ) is a singer - songwriter who has been active since 2005 .
Emily de Vialar or Émilie de Vialar ( 1797 - -1856 ) was a French nun who founded the missionary congregation of the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Apparition .
Seymour Lowman ( October 7 , 1868 -- March 13 , 1940 ) was an American lawyer and politician from the city of New York .
Lai Yiu - fai ( Chinese : 黎耀輝 ) is a Hong Kong cinematographer .
Mikhail Ilyukhin ( born November 21 , 1966 ) is a retired Russian mixed martial artist and professional wrestler who competed in the light heavyweight division .
John Michael Boardman is a mathematician whose speciality is algebraic and differential topology .
Ken Greengrass ( June 22 , 1926 -- April 10 , 2014 ) was an Emmy - winning American music and television producer , perhaps best known as a manager of such musical performers as Eydie Gormé and Steve Lawrence , Art Garfunkel and Florence Henderson .
Tree Carr is an American singer , multi - instrumentalist and actress who has played in a variety of London - based bands and has appeared in several films .
Thomas C. Cheney ( October 10 , 1868 -- October 13 , 1957 ) was a Vermont politician and attorney who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Petar Čortanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Чортановић ) or Čortanovački ( Чортановачки , fl . 1814 - -1856 ) was a Serbian painter .
Oscar Humphries ( born April 1981 ) is an Australian fine art and design dealer and journalist .
Leonard Burnett ( April 5 , 1845 in Yorkshire , England - August 21 , 1932 ) was a politician , farmer and teacher .
Abe Kakepetum is a recognized Anishinaabeg painter , who began his paintings at age nine .
Calandrino was a historical person , an Italian Renaissance painter named Nozzo di Perino who lived in the fourteenth century .
Luis Laso de la Vega ( or Luis Lasso de la Vega ) was a 17th - century Mexican priest and lawyer .
Meiling Melançon ( born March 3 , 1980 ) also known as Mei Melançon 明依 , Mei Melançon or Mei Melancon is an American actress and former fashion model .
Karen Petrie is a British computer scientist specialising in the area of constraints programming .
René Mailhot ( 1942/43 -- April 28 , 2007 ) was a Canadian journalist from the province of Quebec .
T. Scott Garrett , M.D. ( born July 22 , 1956 ) is an American politician .
Jackson Berkey is an American composer , pianist and singer , best known for his work with Mannheim Steamroller , which he co - founded with Chip Davis in 1974 .
Miguel Poventud a.k.a . `` El Niño Prodigio de Guayama '' and `` Miguelito '' ( August 4 , 1942 -- March 3 , 1983 ) , was a Puerto Rican musician , singer , actor and composer of Boleros .
Franklin Rhoda was an American reporter , philosopher , and topographer .
Natsuko Yamamoto ( 山本奈津子 Yamamoto Natsuko ) is a Japanese actor .
Lazer Lederhendler is a Canadian literary translator and academic .
Pyar Ali Allana was a politician from Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
China Forbes ( born April 29 , 1970 ) is an American singer and songwriter , best known as the lead singer of Pink Martini .
Henri Manuel ( 1874 - 1947 ) was a Parisian photographer who served as the official photographer of the French government from 1914 to 1944 .
Maria E. Piñeres is a Colombia - born American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles , CA .
E. E. Bell ( born Edward Earle Bell ; December 27 , 1955 ) is an American comic actor best known for his role as Bob Rooney on the sitcom Married ... with Children .
Benny Thomasson ( April 22 , 1909 -- January 1984 ) was an American fiddler in the Texas style of fiddling .
François du Toit is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Golden Lions .
Jan Borman ( sometimes Borreman or Borremans , fl . c. 1479 - 1520 ) was a Flemish Northern renaissance sculptor .
Billy Martindale ( born September 10 , 1938 ) is an American professional golfer who has also had career interests as a white - tailed deer breeder , golf course designer , and oil & gas entrepreneur .
Dennis Burgess ( February 18 , 1926 -- November 3 , 1980 ) was a British television actor born in Neath , Glamorgan , Wales .
Rita Tainola began her career as a journalist in 1978 when she started to work for a Finnish magazine called Eeva .
Roger Avary ( born August 23 , 1965 ) is a Canadian film and television producer , screenwriter and director in the American mass media industry .
Magdalena Matysiewicz better known as Magdalena Mazur ( 1976 in Katowice ) is a Polish television presenter and model .
Lacey Fosburgh ( 3 October 1942 -- January 11 , 1993 ) was an American journalist , author , and academic best known for her bestselling book , Closing Time :
Matt Bettinelli - Olpin is an American director , writer , actor and musician .
Una Mullally is an Irish journalist and broadcaster .
Kazuyuki Miyata ( 宮田 和幸 Miyata Kazuyuki ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division .
Antonio José de Irisarri Alonso ( February 7 , 1786 -- June 10 , 1868 ) , was a Guatemalan statesman , journalist , and politician who served as Interim Supreme Director of Chile in 1814 .
Titus Sheard ( October 4 , 1841 Batley , West Riding of Yorkshire , England -- April 13 , 1904 Little Falls , Herkimer County , New York ) was an American businessman and politician .
Craig Shoemaker ( born November 15 , 1958 ) is an American comedian , writer , and voice actor .
Corina Chiriac ( born October 26 , 1949 ) is a Romanian singer , composer , lyricist , television director and actress .
Kawa Mohamed Ahmed Garmeyani , well known as Kawa Garmeyani ( Kurdish:کاوە محمد ئەحمەد گەرمیانی , Arabic:كاوه محمد أحمد كرمياني ) was an Iraqi Kurdish journalist .
Brian Skerry is an underwater photojournalist who works primarily for National Geographic magazine .
Josef Feid , an Austrian landscape painter , was born at Vienna in 1806 .
Ray Still ( March 12 , 1920 -- March 12 , 2014 ) was an American classical oboist .
Robert Thwaites is a former graphic designer from the United Kingdom who gave up work due to failing eyesight in the late nineties .
William Horberg is a Hollywood film producer and blogger .
Phranc is the stage name of Susan Gottlieb ( b. August 28 , 1957 , in Santa Monica , California ) , a Californian singer - songwriter whose career has spanned several decades .
Daniel J. Hunt is an American politician elected in April 2014 to the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Janko Gojković ( born April 14 , 1973 ) is a Bosnian former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle and butterfly events .
Elma Mitchell ( November 19 , 1919 Airdrie , Lanarkshire - November 23 , 2000 ) was a British poet .
Ludwig Rosenfelder ( * July 18 , 1813 in Breslau ; † April 18 , 1881 in Königsberg ) was a German painter and philosopher .
Charles Francis Coghlan ( 1842 - -1899 ) was an Anglo - Irish actor and playwright once popular on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean .
North Callahan ( August 7 , 1908 -- December 20 , 2004 ) was an American journalist , historian and scholar .
Master of the Cypresses , ( fl . 1420 - 1440 ) was a Spanish painter and manuscript illuminator .
Lee Sanders is an American composer who began his composing career in 2001 with his scores for New Line Cinema 's The Lord of the Rings website and CBS 's reality - competition show The Amazing Race .
Len Cella is an American film actor and director .
Motoyoshi Oda ( Japanese : 小田基義 ) ( July 21 , 1910 ; Moji City , Fukuoka -- October 21 , 1973 ; Tokyo ) was a Japanese film director .
Juul Johansson better known as Mads Mathias is a Danish singer , saxophonist and songwriter .
Robert Hambling is an Australian film director / editor , currently based in Sydney .
`` Bad '' Bennie Briscoe ( February 8 , 1943 -- December 28 , 2010 ) was the quintessential Philadelphia boxer .
Lauren Wolkstein is an American film director , writer , and editor .
Martha Layne Collins ( née Hall , born December 7 , 1936 ) is an American former businesswoman and politician from the U.S. state of Kentucky ; she was elected as the state 's 56th governor from 1983 to 1987 , the first woman to hold the office and the only one to date .
John McLaughlin Williams ( born 1957 ) is a Grammy award - winning American orchestral conductor and violinist .
John Michael McDonagh is an English - born screenwriter and film director of Irish descent .
Melissa Greener is an American singer - songwriter who describes herself as a folk crooner .
Andy Landen ( born Sept 19 , 1981 ) is a Canadian film director currently living in Los Angeles , California .
Jorge Aramburo Siegert is an electrical engineer graduate from the Universidad de Antioquia , with a Masters in Business Administration from the Universidad EAFIT and graduate studies in finance and marketing from the same institution .
1984 , he was the first jazz musician to be honored by the State of Minnesota with his own `` Irv Williams Day '' .
Simone Giuliani ( born May 1 , 1973 ) is an Italian musician , film composer , arranger , record producer and music director based in Manhattan , New York .
Sarah Webster Fabio ( January 20 , 1928 -- November 7 , 1979 ) was a poet , literary critic and educator .
Nevertheless , Patrick White 's greatness as a novelist remains undoubted .
Cosmin Hănceanu ( born on 26 July 1986 ) is a Romanian sabre fencer , team world champion in 2009 .
Georg Calixtus , Kallisøn / Kallisön , or Callisen ( December 14 , 1586 -- March 19 , 1656 ) was a German Lutheran theologian who looked to reconcile all Christendom by removing all unimportant differences .
Yuri Gorbachev ( born December 29 , 1948 in Uglovka near Leningrad , U.S.S.R. ) is a famous Russian painter and sculptor .
Thomas Crook ( May 22 , 1798 Westminster , Windham County , Vermont -- October 3 , 1879 ) was an American politician from New York .
Bela Borsodi is an Austrian still life photographer based in New York City .
Wojciech Kasperski ( born April 25 , 1981 ) is a Polish screenwriter , film director and producer .
Ithiel Town ( October 3 , 1784 -- June 13 , 1844 ) was a prominent American architect and civil engineer .
Matthew Woolf ( born July 13 , 1971 , London ) is a British cinematographer and producer , working in the USA and internationally .
Peter Danko ( born 1949 ) is an inventor , designer , and artist .
In 2011 , Tying Tiffany and Italian electronic producer and composer Lorenzo Montanà started a new project T.T.L. ( meaning `` Through The Lens '' ) .
Mohsen Safaei Farahani ( Persian : محسن صفایی فراهانی ‎ ) is an Iranian politician .
Selma Harrington née Arnautović is a Bosnian - born architect and designer who lives in Dublin , Ireland .
Judy Chamberlain ( born September 26 , 1944 in New York City ) is an American jazz singer , bandleader and journalist known for her extensive repertoire , estimated at four thousand songs from the Great American Songbook .
Ricau de Tarascon ( also spelled Ricautz or Ricavi ) was a Provençal knight and troubadour from Tarascon , active between 1200 and 1240 .
Mike Sturgis is an American drummer , having played for the band 21 Guns and later with Iron Maiden guitarist Adrian Smith in Psycho Motel , where he played on both State of Mind ( 1996 ) and Welcome to the World ( 1997 ) albums .
Herman Bank ( October 26 , 1916 - November 2 , 2012 ) was an American mechanical engineer who worked for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) from 1947 to 1984 .
Stephen Milburn Anderson ( March 13 , 1948 -- May 1 , 2015 ) was an American film director and writer who wrote and directed eight films .
Jas Arora is an Indian model and Bollywood actor .
Kais Dukes is a computer scientist and software developer known for the development of the Quranic Arabic Corpus and JQuranTree .
Irén Lovász is a Hungarian folk singer and ethnographer .
James Piers St Aubyn ( 1815 - -1895 ) , often referred to as J P St Aubyn , was an English architect of the Victorian era , known for his church architecture and confident restorations .
Denis Rodier is a comic book illustrator ; he has worked for multiple companies including DC Comics , Milestone Media , and Marvel Comics .
Brigadier - General Charles Auguste Creutzer ( 1780 - -1832 ) was a French officer in Napoleon 's Army .
Paul Dresser ( born Johann Paul Dreiser , Jr. ; April 22 , 1857 -- January 30 , 1906 ) was an American singer , songwriter , and comedic actor of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Harris Allan ( born February 11 , 1985 ) is a Canadian actor and recording artist .
Arnie Hamilton is a former Canadian politician , who served as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005 , representing the riding of Esquimalt - Metchosin .
Goos Meeuwsen ( b. Arnhem , 1982 ) is a Dutch circus artist .
Bill Budge ( born c. 1954 ) is an American video game programmer and designer .
Garrey Dawson is a British chef who has appeared on television in the BBC programme Ready Steady Cook .
Michel Colombier ( May 23 , 1939 -- November 14 , 2004 ) was a French composer , songwriter , arranger , and conductor .
Ilias Lalaounis ( 1920- 2013 ) was a Greek goldsmith , jeweler and jewel designer .
Raúl de Anda ( 1908 - -1997 ) was a Mexican actor , screenwriter , film producer and director .
Rami Al Ali ( Arabic : رامي العلي ‎ ; born in Deir ez - Zor ) is a Syrian - born fashion designer .
Margaret Holford ( 1778 - -1852 ) was an English poet and translator .
Per Svenningsson is a neurologist specializing in the neuropharmacology of movement disorders such as Parkinson 's disease .
José António Tavares dos Anjos is a journalist , historian , genealogist and former National Park Service employee at Lowell National Historical Park and the St. Gaudens National Historic Site .
Smaro Kamboureli is a Canadian poet and scholar who currently is a professor of English at the University of Toronto , where she also sits as the Avie Bennett Chair in Canadian Literature .
Katherine LaNasa ( born December 1 , 1966 ) is an American actress , former ballet dancer and choreographer .
Nate Parker ( born November 18 , 1979 ) is an American actor , director , producer , writer and musical performer who has appeared in Beyond the Lights , Red Tails , The Secret Life of Bees , The Great Debaters , Arbitrage , Non - Stop , Felon and Pride .
Janele Hyer - Spencer began her career as an activist , advocate , lawyer and politician on the foundation of devotion to family and the values of hard work .
Leni Sinclair , born Magdalene Arndt , is an American photographer and radical political activist who lives in Detroit .
Karen Lee Batten is a country music singer from British Columbia .
Ty Longley ( September 4 , 1971 -- February 20 , 2003 ) was an American guitarist and vocalist .
Albert Tipton ( March 16 , 1917 -- October 5 , 1997 ) was an American flutist , pianist and conductor .
Jiang Wen - Ye ( Chinese : 江文也 ; pinyin : Jiāng Wényě , June 11 , 1910 -- October 24 , 1983 ) was a Taiwanese composer , active mainly in Japan and later in China .
Guillermo Jones ( born May 5 , 1972 ) is a Panamanian professional boxer and former WBA cruiserweight champion .
Connie Eaton ( March 1 , 1950 -- September 30 , 1999 ) was a country music singer .
John Michael Stipe ( born January 4 , 1960 ) is an American singer , songwriter , musician , film producer , music video director , and visual artist .
Chipps Chippendale ( real name William Henry James Chippendale III ) is a mountain biking journalist in the UK .
Volker Strassen ( born April 29 , 1936 ) is a German mathematician , a professor emeritus in the department of mathematics and statistics at the University of Konstanz .
Elizabeth Rebecca Edwin was the daughter of actor William Talbot Richards ( d. 1813 ) , who at the time of her birth in Dublin had been engaged with her mother at the Crow Street Theatre .
Raymond Mailloux ( May 1 , 1918 -- July 26 , 1995 ) was a Quebec politician and Cabinet Minister .
Pedro Koechlin von Stein is a Peruvian politician and entrepreneur .
Bano Qudsia ( Punjabi , Urdu : بانو قدسیه‎ ) ( born 1928 ) is a writer , playwright and spiritualist from Pakistan who writes Urdu novels and short stories .
Jake Herbert ( born March 6 , 1985 ) of Ann Arbor , Michigan is an American amateur wrestler .
Pauline Prior - Pitt is a British poet who lives in North Uist , Scotland .
Adeline Trafton Knox ( abt . 1842 - -1920 ? ) was an American writer and novelist , she published most of her work in the 1870s .
Lieutenant General John B. Conaway ( born August 23 , 1934 ) is a retired U.S. Air Force officer who served as the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in Washington , D.C. from 1990 to 1993 .
Ady Spencer born in Warrington , Cheshire , England is a former professional rugby league player .
Tomasz Gudzowaty ( born 1971 ) is a Polish documentary , portrait and art photographer , who gained international recognition through numerous publications and awards , most notably -- in World Press Photo in which he succeeded nine times .
Todd Glickman ( born June 13 , 1956 ) is a meteorologist whose weather reports can be heard on WCBS Newsradio-880 in New York City and internationally at cbsnewyork.com .
Mary Edwards Wertsch ( born Mary Brightwell Edwards on July 23 , 1951 ) is an author , journalist , independent publisher and expert on the subculture of American military brats .
John Gebhard ( February 22 , 1782 Claverack , Columbia County , New York -- January 3 , 1854 Schoharie , Schoharie County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Ahmed Hussen ( Somali : Axmed Xuseen , Arabic : احمد حسين‎‎ ; born 1975 or 1976 ) is a Somali - Canadian lawyer and political activist .
Jeffrey Alan Schechter ( usually credited as Jeff Schechter ) is a screenwriter whose work has been nominated for two Emmy awards , a Writers Guild of America award , and a Writers Guild of Canada award .
Jason Bellini ( born July 12 , 1975 ) is an American journalist , and until August 2008 was the lead news anchor for CBS News on Logo .
Robert Beauchamp ( 1923 -- March 1995 ) was an American figurative painter and arts educator .
Gurney Norman is an American writer , documentarian , and professor .
Andrea Mágori or Mrs. József Mágori ( née Balogi ; born May 1 , 1952 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Makó ( Csongrád County Constituency VII ) from 2010 to 2014 .
Wolf Kahn ( born October 4 , 1927 ) is a German - born American painter .
Robert E. Lane is an American political scientist and political psychologist .
Dr. Maurice Macdonald Seymour M.D. , C. M. , D. P. H. , ( July 7 , 1857 -- January 6 , 1929 ) , Commissioner of Public Health , was a physician and surgeon of the early North West Territories in Canada .
Chris Johanson is an American painter and street artist .
David E. Carter is an entrepreneur and writer on graphic design , logo design , and corporate branding .
Jack Cassinetto is a plein air painter of the tonalism movement .
Stephen L. Carter ( born October 26 , 1954 ) is an American law professor at Yale University , legal- and social - policy writer , columnist , and best - selling novelist .
Judy Birmingham is a prominent English historical archaeologist , who has been based in Sydney , Australia for most of her career .
John Balguy ( August 12 , 1686 -- September 21 , 1748 ) was an English divine and philosopher .
Francesca Martinez ( born 1978 ) is an English stand - up comedian , writer and actress , born in London to a Spanish father and half - Swedish , half - English mother .
Madduri Venugopal better known as Master Venu ( 1916 - -1981 ) was a music composer of the Telugu and Tamil cinemas and the father of the actor Bhanu Chander .
Professor Danny Brom is a clinical psychologist and founding director of the Israel Center for the Treatment of Psychotrauma of Herzog Hospitalin Jerusalem , Israel .
Eric Arbuthnot was a South African first - class cricketer .
Christopher of Paris ( also known as Christophe de Paris , Cristoforo Parigino , Christophorus Parisiensis ) was an Italian alchemist active at the end of the fifteenth century and author of a number of treatises influenced by pseudo - Lull .
Clinton Gregory ( born March 1 , 1964 in Martinsville , Virginia ) is an American country and bluegrass singer , songwriter , and fiddler .
Britain 's Missing Top Model was a British Reality TV modelling show for disabled women , aired on BBC Three .
100 Questions ( originally known as 100 Questions for Charlotte Payne ) is an American situation comedy series which premiered on NBC on May 27 , 2010 .
Inside Canada is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1973 to 1974 .
Saber y ganar ( `` Knowing and Winning '' ) , is a Spanish cultural quiz show hosted by Jordi Hurtado , which has been broadcast on La 2 since 1997 .
Love Is in the Heir is an American reality documentary television series on E ! that debuted on November 28 , 2004 .
Cowbois ac Injans ( Cowboys and Engines ) is a Welsh language television drama written by brother and sister Jon Tregenna and Catherine Tregenna which was broadcast on S4C.
Australia 's Funniest Home Videos ( originally Graham Kennedy 's Funniest Home Video Show in its first season and Australia 's Funniest Home Video Show in subsequent seasons , also known as The Video Show ) is an Australian television show on the Nine Network that presents home videos sent in by viewers .
Are You Tougher Than a Boy Scout ? is an American reality television series the National Geographic Channel that debuted on March 4 , 2013 .
Non - Summit ( Hangul : 비정상회담 ; RR : Bijeongsanghoedam ) , also known as Abnormal Summit , is a South Korean television program on JTBC which first aired on July 7 , 2014 .
The Martha Raye Show is an hour - long comedy / variety show which aired live on NBC from January 23 , 1954 , to May 29 , 1956 .
Kishinoue 's giant skink ( Plestiodon kishinouyei ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family found only in Japan .
Cyclorrhapha is an unranked taxon within the infraorder Muscomorpha .
Blanford 's jerboa , or Jaculus blanfordi , is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae .
Sorastrum is a genus of green algae in the family Hydrodictyaceae .
The Acre tody - tyrant ( Hemitriccus cohnhafti ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The American toad ( Anaxyrus americanus , formerly Bufo americanus ) is a common species of toad found throughout the eastern United States and Canada .
The Galápagos green turtle ( Chelonia agassizii ) used to be classified as a subspecies of the green sea turtle ( Chelonia mydas ) but was changed for a few reasons .
The Smerinthinae are a sub - family of Sphingidae moths in the order Lepidoptera .
The Malayan pygmy shrew ( Suncus malayanus ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Steere 's liocichla ( Liocichla steerii ) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family .
Jesse Ross ( born 9 February 1990 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian amateur boxer selected for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the middleweight division .
Josef Hrubeš ( born September 26 , 1916 ) is a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia .
Arthur Lanigan - O'Keeffe ( born 13 September 1991 ) is an Irish athlete who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Modern pentathlon .
Tadeusz Krzyżanowski ( 29 August 1920 in Osterfeld -- 31 January 1987 in Gdańsk ) was a Polish shot putter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Henry St Aubyn Murray ( 14 January 1886 -- 12 April 1943 ) was a New Zealand athlete , who competed for Australasia in the 1908 Summer Olympics in London , England .
Anton Zwerina ( June 7 , 1900 -- May 19 , 1973 ) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Pauls Sokolovs ( born 1902 , date of death unknown ) was a Latvian footballer who competed for Latvia national football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Frank Mill ( born 23 July 1958 in Essen , West Germany ) is a German former footballer who was part of the 1990 FIFA World Cup winning squad of West Germany .
Chantae McMillan ( born May 1 , 1988 ) is an American heptathlete who has qualified to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Eric Amend ( born November 17 , 1965 in Berkeley , California ) is a former tennis player from the United States , who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics for his native country .
G N ' R Lies , also known as Lies , is the second studio album by the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , released in 1988 .
`` We Do It '' is a song written by Russell Stone , who was the male half of the husband and wife duo R&J Stone .
Frankie Welfare Boy Age 5 is the debut studio album by American emo band Braid , released in 1995 on Divot Records .
The Ponderer is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Odean Pope recorded in 1990 and released on the Italian Soul Note label .
Rick Sings Nelson is Ricky Nelson and the Stone Canyon Band 's country rock album from 1970 .
Swingin ' with Raymond is the seventh studio album by anarchist punk band Chumbawamba .
Disciplined Breakdown is the third studio album by American post - grunge band Collective Soul .
Another Planet is the sixth studio album by English deathrock band Alien Sex Fiend , released in 1988 by record label Anagram .
Me and You and the World is the third studio album , and first major label release , by American acoustic rock performer Dave Barnes .
Beer Drinkers and Hell Raisers EP is a 1980 release of a 1977 recording session by English rock band Motörhead .
Draped Up & Chipped Out , Vol . 2 is a compilation album by the American rapper Messy Marv , released on November 6 , 2007 .
C - L - A - W - S is the second studio album and first LP recorded by the indie rock band Gospel Claws .
Loops and Reels is an album by Peter Hammill , originally released on cassette on the Sofa Sound label ( catalog number SS4 ) in June 1983 .
Where Did the Night Fall is the fifth regular studio album from British electronic music act Unkle , released on 10 May 2010 .
Music Machine II ( AKA The Music Machine : All About Love ) ( 1983 ) is a Christian children 's album by Candle that is a continuation of the Music Machine album from 1977 .
`` I Wo n't Let You Down '' is a 1982 single by British band Ph.D. It entered the UK charts in April 1982 at # 34 and peaked at # 3 in May of that year .
The Energy of Sound is a 1998 album created by Trance Atlantic Air Waves , a side project of Michael Cretu .
Am I the Kinda Girl ? is the third album by English dance artist Cathy Dennis .
`` Do n't Let Me Cross Over '' is a song made famous as a duet by Carl Butler and Pearl , a husband - and - wife country music duo .
Through the video , attractive dancers are a mix of energy and sensual activities represented in several scenes in which Don Omar performs `` Sexy Robótica '' , the music video was released on Don Omar official Universal Music website on July 10 .
`` Your Life 's on the Line '' is a song by rapper 50 Cent , from his shelved debut studio album Power of the Dollar ( 2000 ) .
`` Little Miss Disaster '' is a song by punk rock veterans The Damned .
`` Mademoiselle Juliette '' ( English : `` miss Juliet '' ) is a song by French singer Alizée , which was released as the first single from her third studio album Psychédélices , .
`` Little Lamb Dragonfly '' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney and originally released on the Wings 1973 album Red Rose Speedway .
In a Quiet Room II is the twelfth album released by country music artist Dan Seals and his only album on the TDC label .
Aloha , Manitoba is Luke Doucet 's debut solo album .
The Obvious Identity is the debut album by English rock group Cardiacs ( although it was released under the group 's earlier name of ' Cardiac Arrest ' ) .
Nil Kıyısında ( English : Inshore the Nile ) is Turkish pop music singer Nil Karaibrahimgil 's fourth studio album , released in 2009 .
American Music Club reformed in 2003 to considerable critical acclaim , and recorded Love Songs for Patriots in San Francisco in spare time between day jobs and other commitments .
`` Proud Mary '' is a rock song written by John Fogerty and first recorded by his band Creedence Clearwater Revival .
Solaris Acoustic is an acoustic album by English pop rock band Elliot Minor .
`` Underneath It All '' is a song written by Gwen Stefani and Dave Stewart for No Doubt 's fourth album Rock Steady ( 2001 ) .
`` Shaddap You Face '' is a song written and performed by Joe Dolce ( known at the time as the Joe Dolce Music Theatre ) in 1980 about a fictitious rebellious Italian boy .
`` Twenty - Five Miles '' is a song written by Johnny Bristol , Harvey Fuqua , and Edwin Starr for Starr 's second album , 25 Miles ( 1969 ) .
Of Rivers and Religion is an album by American folk musician John Fahey , released in 1972 .
Come Home to Mama is the third studio album by singer - songwriter Martha Wainwright , released on October 15 , 2012 .
`` Nite and Day '' is a 1988 single by Al B. Sure ! from the Warner Bros. album In Effect Mode .
Once Upon a Time in Amedica is the fourth album released by rapper , Young Bleed .
Welcome Joy is the second full - length album from Seattle indie folk group The Cave Singers .
Cheap Pop for the Elite ( Greek : Φτηνή ποπ για την ελίτ ) is the second `` proper '' Kore . Ydro .
What Will We Be is Devendra Banhart 's seventh studio album released on October 27 , 2009 , on Warner Bros. Records .
That 's the Way a Cowboy Rocks and Rolls is the fifth studio album by American country music artist , Jessi Colter .
Back East is a 2007 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman .
For Future Reference is the only studio album to be released by the British synthpop band Dramatis .
Desert Marauders is an album by American jazz pianist Art Lande and the band Rubisa Patrol recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label .
Packs a Wallop ! , released in 2010 , is the third music album by That 1 Guy .
`` Right Time of the Night '' is the title of a 1976 composition by Peter McCann which became a Top Ten hit single in 1977 via a recording by Jennifer Warnes .
`` Weak and Powerless '' is the first single by the alternative rock band A Perfect Circle , from their second album , Thirteenth Step , and is also their highest charting single to date , reaching # 1 on both the Mainstream Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks .
Lifea Blinec is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Arista Novus label in 1978 and features performances by Abrams , Joseph Jarman , Douglas Ewart , Amina Claudine Myers and Thurman Barker .
Methodrone is the debut studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre , released in 1995 by record label Bomp!.
Shit - Hot is an album by L'amourder , a pseudonym for Sielun Veljet .
Persian Percussion Electrified is the third studio album by Ramin Rahimi , drummer for the power metal act Angband .
Stand and Fight is the third album by British band Northern Uproar , and the first after their reunion in 2005 .
Love Is What Stays is a 2007 studio album by Mark Murphy , arranged by Nan Schwartz and Till Brönner .
`` This Is an Emergency '' is the first single from The Pigeon Detectives second album Emergency .
`` Inu to Tsuki '' is Bonnie Pink 's eleventh single and fourth released in support of the album Evil & Flowers .
Bird Head Son is a 2009 album by poet Anthony Joseph & The Spasm Band .
Etarlis is the second full - length studio album by the British progressive rock band Mermaid Kiss .
Yo Soy La Reina is an album by Puerto Rican merenguero Ashley , literally meaning `` I am the Queen '' in Spanish .
Imaginos is the eleventh studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult ( commonly shortened as BÖC ) .
Maximum II is Japanese dance unit , MAX 's second album .
`` That 's the Way I 've Always Heard It Should Be '' is a 1971 song performed by Carly Simon .
Don Camillo was played by French actor Fernandel , Peppone by the Italian actor Gino Cervi , quite a Guareschi - lookalike , both tall and bulky with big mustaches .
OK Man is Singaporean Mandopop artist Wong JingLun 's second Mandarin studio album .
`` Summer of ' 69 '' is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Bryan Adams , from his fourth studio album , Reckless ( 1984 ) .
The Warner Bros. Studio Albums is a box set of five vinyl LPs by the rock group the Grateful Dead .
Passage to the Other Side is the 4th studio album by Seven Witches ; it 's the first album with James Rivera singing , and the album also features bassist Joey Vera from Armored Saint .
`` New Fool at an Old Game '' is a song first recorded by Canadian country music artist Michelle Wright .
Jouhou is the second studio album by grindcore band Discordance Axis , released in 1997 as a vinyl LP in a limited pressing by Devour Records .
`` Flip Reverse '' is a song by ten - piece hip - hop group Blazin ' Squad , released as the second single from their second studio album , Now or Never .
`` Club at the End of the Street '' is an up - beat song performed by Elton John and written by Bernie Taupin .
Cuando los Ángeles Lloran ( English : When the Angels Cry ) is the eighth album and fourth studio album by the Latin American Mexican rock band Maná .
Listennn ... the Album is the debut album by mixtape DJ and Terror Squad member DJ Khaled .
`` Party on Fifth Ave . '' is a song by American hip hop artist Mac Miller , and the second single from his debut album Blue Slide Park .
Scenes from Hell is the eighth full - length studio album by the Japanese extreme metal band Sigh .
We 're All Doomed is an album by Boston crust punk band Toxic Narcotic .
Radio Salone is the third album from the vivacious Sierra Leone 's Refugee All Stars .
Tempo of the Damned is the sixth studio album by thrash metal band Exodus .
My Brother the Cow is the fourth album by the American grunge band Mudhoney .
A Bridge I Did n't Burn is the sixth studio ( eighth overall ) album by Country music artist Ricky Van Shelton .
Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal musician Michael Angelo Batio .
`` Ass Back Home '' ( edited version titled as `` Get Yourself Back Home '' ) is a song by American group Gym Class Heroes featuring British singer / songwriter Neon Hitch .
`` Odelo '' is the third single by Serbian new wave band Električni Orgazam and the second single from the Lišće prekriva Lisabon album .
End of Disclosure is the twelfth studio album by the Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy .
Peepin ' in My Window is the fourth studio album of Houston rapper Lil ' Keke .
A Beard of Stars is the fourth studio album by English psychedelic folk band Tyrannosaurus Rex , and their last before changing their name to T. Rex .
Full Collapse is the second album by American post - hardcore band Thursday .
Harder Than Easy is singer - songwriter Jack Savoretti 's second studio album , due for release on 15 September 2009 in the USA as a download only album by De Angelis Records .
`` Who You Love '' is a song written and performed by John Mayer and Katy Perry for Mayer 's sixth studio album , Paradise Valley ( 2013 ) .
`` Everybody 's Free ( To Feel Good ) '' is a song by Zambian - born Zimbabwean singer Rozalla .
`` A Christmas Duel '' is a special Christmas duet recorded by the Swedish rock band The Hives and American singer - songwriter Cyndi Lauper .
Here Come the Bombs is the debut solo album of former Supergrass front man Gaz Coombes , who performed all of the instruments on the album .
Tabula Rasā is a collaborative album by American banjoist Béla Fleck together with Vishwa Mohan Bhatt ( playing traditional Indian slide guitar `` Mohan veena '' ) and Jie - Bing Chen , who plays the traditional Chinese two - string fiddle `` Erhu '' .
Chasing Mississippi is the second studio album released by singer - songwriter Dave Barnes .
Lo Pasado , Pasado ( The past , is past ) is the title of the studio album released by Mexican singer José José in 1978 .
One Reality is the second album by American metalcore band , Texas in July .
`` Sheila Ki Jawani '' ( English : literally Sheila 's youth , or by commonly understood implication , Sheila 's youthful body ) is a song sung by Sunidhi Chauhan and Vishal Dadlani featuring Katrina Kaif along with Akshay Kumar in the 2010 Bollywood movie Tees Maar Khan .
Metal Revolution is the second full - length album by the German speed metal band Living Death .
Running in the Family is the seventh studio album by UK pop band Level 42 , released in 1987 .
Wide - Eyed and Ignorant is the fourth album from Irish rock band A House .
I , Too , Have Seen the Woods is the sixth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
`` That 's Me '' , originally `` Coachman 's Farm '' , is a song recorded by the Swedish pop group ABBA in 1976 .
Love Exercise ( Chinese : 愛的練習語 ) is the first cover album and the third book of Taiwanese female singer Jolin Tsai ( Chinese : 蔡依林 ) .
`` Jah Live '' is a song by Bob Marley & The Wailers , released as a single in 1975 .
`` Deep River Woman '' is a single written by American artist Lionel Richie and recorded by Richie with American country music group Alabama .
Son of Evil Reindeer is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock supergroup The Reindeer Section , released on 13 August 2002 .
Four Compositions ( Solo , Duo & Trio ) 1982/1988 is an album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1982 and 1988 and released on the hatART label in 1989 .
`` How Long 's a Tear Take to Dry ? '' is a single by British pop group The Beautiful South from their album `` Quench '' .
Rhythm & Drums is the first studio album by hard trance duo Cosmic Gate .
Super Group is an album by the female Japanese rock trio Shonen Knife .
The Wall of Sacrifice ( spelled as Thè Wäll Öf Säcrificè on vinyl cover ) is an experimental , dark folk album by Death in June .
To Cure the Sane with Insanity is the first studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound .
Honky Tonk Heroes is a country music album by Waylon Jennings , released in 1973 on RCA Victor .
Fare Thee Well Love is the second studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family .
The Beach Boys recorded their version on September 23 , 1965 , five days after actress and model Barbara Anne Feldon made her first television appearance on Get Smart .
`` J'ai besoin d'amour '' ( `` I Need Love '' ) is the name of a 2002 song recorded by the French singer Lorie .
Mal/2 is the second album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label .
Weather and Water is a 2005 studio album by the Austin , Texas progressive bluegrass band The Greencards .
`` Red Skies '' is a song by new wave rock group The Fixx .
A Hot Piece of Grass is the fifth album by American band Hayseed Dixie , released in 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) .
Love Uprising is the ninth album by American soul / R&B group Tavares , produced by Benjamin Wright and released in 1980 on the Capitol label .
`` Taken for a Fool '' is a song by American rock - band The Strokes , mostly written by guitarist Nick Valensi .
Polepione dźwięki is the first solo album by rapper and alternative artist Fisz .
Ça Va ( French for `` okay '' , literally `` that goes '' ; pronunciation : /sɑː/ /vɑː/ ) is an album by German / British avant - pop group Slapp Happy , recorded in London in 1997 .
Back to Bedlam is the debut studio album by English singer - songwriter James Blunt .
Spirit of the Wild is the eleventh studio album of American hard rock musician Ted Nugent and his only studio album to be released in the 1990s .
Tilefonise mou ( Greek : Τηλεφώνησέ Μου ; English : Call me ) is the 21st studio album by Greek singer Vasilis Karras .
Homemade Worship by Handmade People is the second studio album released by the Christian experimental , folk rock , worship band Rend Collective Experiment on 10 January 2012 , and the album was released and published under the Kingsway Music label .
Soloflight is the 1978 double album by the pioneer British folk musician Wizz Jones .
1000 Fires is the debut studio album by American singer and actress Traci Lords , released on February 28 , 1995 , by Radioactive Records .
Sherlock Hemlock was performed by Jerry Nelson .
The Massive Crush is the fifth album by the South Korean thrash metal band Crash , released in 2003 .
`` Swim Good '' is a song by American recording artist Frank Ocean , released as the second single from his mixtape Nostalgia , Ultra ( 2011 ) .
Tomorrow Come Today is the third full length album by Delaware band Boysetsfire , released in 2003 .
Extranjero was a 1990 album by Franco De Vita released on the CBS Records label .
Halfway to Sanity is the tenth studio album by American punk band the Ramones .
2 Guitars is an album by guitarists Kenny Burrell and Jimmy Raney recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label .
`` Paso ( The Nini Anthem ) '' is a song by Spanish disc jockey and producer Sak Noel .
`` Christmas in Jamaica '' is the second and final single from Toni Braxton 's Christmas album , Snowflakes ( 2001 ) .
The Concept is the third album by the American funk band Slave , released in 1978 .
`` Mon amie la rose '' is a poem written by Cécile Caulier and Jacques Lacome , originally performed in song by French singer Françoise Hardy in 1964 .
`` Te Amo Tanto '' ( English : I Love You So Much ) is the official second and final single from Flex second studio album La Evolución Romantic Style .
Avant Pop is the fourth album by Lester Bowie recorded for ECM and the second album by his `` Brass Fantasy '' group .
Road Salt Two is the eighth studio album by Swedish band Pain of Salvation , released on 26 September 2011 , by InsideOut .
`` I Could Never Miss You ( More Than I Do ) '' was the fourth and final US Top 40 hit for Lulu .
The Rape of El Morro is an album by American arranger / conductor and composer Don Sebesky featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the CTI label .
World of Echo is the only full length non - collaborative studio album recorded , released and compiled by Arthur Russell during his lifetime .
Diverse Systems of Throb is the fourth full - length studio album by electronic music artist Bassnectar , released January 1 , 2004 on Amorphous Music .
Hot Fives & Sevens is a 2000 box set collection of recordings made by American jazz trumpeter and singer Louis Armstrong with his Hot Five , Hot Seven , and other groups between 1925 and 1930 .
Groovemasters is an album by guitarists Preston Reed and Laurence Juber , released in 1999 .
Witchqueen of Eldorado is a song from the Modern Talking tenth album , America , from 2001 .
Ghetto Warfare is a compilation album by the rap duo M.O.P ..
Excava-11 is a 2004 album by Spartan Fidelity , and was produced by Excavation Records .
3-Way Tie ( For Last ) is the fourth and final full - length album recorded by the American punk band Minutemen .
`` When I Start To ( Break It All Down ) '' is a single by English synthpop duo Erasure , released as the lead single from their 2011 album Tomorrow 's World .
`` Love → Building on Fire '' ( also known as `` Love Goes to Building on Fire '' ) is a song by rock band Talking Heads , released as a single in 1977 .
`` Halleluhwah '' is a song by the krautrock band Can , on their 1971 album Tago Mago .
The Whirlwind is the third studio album by the band Transatlantic , released on 23 October 2009 .
`` Do n't Think I 'm Not '' is the debut solo single from American R&B singer Kandi Burruss from her debut album Hey Kandi ....
Light the Horizon is the fourth LP by Canadian reggae / ska band Bedouin Soundclash .
Dans ma bulle is a 2006 album recorded by the French artist Diam 's .
Fistful of Metal is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax , released in January 1984 by Megaforce Records in the US and Music for Nations internationally .
`` Mitt hjärta blöder '' is a single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio , from her third Studio album Satan i gatan .
Acoustic at Olympic Studios is an acoustic album by New York - based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu .
Wallpaper Music is the fourth studio album by the Nashville - based band Cheap Time .
Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo is the fourth studio album released by the American skate punk / punk rock band MxPx in 1998 .
`` Les Rois du monde '' is a 2000 song performed by Philippe d'Avilla , Damien Sargue and Grégori Baquet .
`` Wear Your Love Like Heaven '' is a song and US single by British singer / songwriter Donovan , released in 1967 .
My Radio Sure Sounds Good to Me is sixth album by Larry Graham & Graham Central Station .
`` Ängeln i rummet '' ( Swedish for `` Angel in the Room '' ) is a single released by Swedish singer Eva Dahlgren from the 1989 album Fria Världen 1.989 released through BMG and Big Mama Music .
`` Take Me to the River '' is a 1974 song written by singer Al Green and guitarist Mabon `` Teenie '' Hodges .
`` Wrap Me Up '' is a song recorded by Italian dance act Alex Party with vocals by Shanie Campbell .
Eddie 's Archive is a box set by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 4 November 2002 .
Labyrinthes is the third studio album by Malajube , a Quebec indie rock band .
`` Come On Eileen '' is a song by English group Dexys Midnight Runners ( credited to Dexys Midnight Runners and the Emerald Express ) , released in the UK on 25 June 1982 as a single from their album Too - Rye - Ay .
Starbound Beast is the second album by Highland Park , California heavy metal band Huntress .
`` More ' N ' More ( I Love You ) '' is Haiducii 's fourth single , released in Italy in December 2005 .
Crap Attack is compilation album by American rock band We Are Scientists , released on November 6 , 2006 in the UK .
`` Glory Box '' is a single by English musical group Portishead , released in 1995 .
Fiori di polvere is the first album from Italian pop band E.V.A. produced by Andrea Piraz .
Waterloo to Anywhere is the debut album by English indie rock band Dirty Pretty Things , fronted by then former Libertine Carl Barât .
`` Girls in Their Summer Clothes '' is a song by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen , from his album Magic .
Party Store is the fifth studio album by American garage rock band The Dirtbombs , released on February 1 , 2011 .
Too Tough to Die is the eighth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones .
Scott 4 is Scott Walker 's fifth solo album ( a collection of songs he had performed for his BBC television series had been his fourth ) .
Tell It the Way It Is ! is an album recorded in 1963 ( see 1963 in music ) by Paul Gonsalves .
Yellow Banana ( Chinese : 黄色香蕉 ; pinyin : huángsè xiāngjiāo ) is the first studio album from Hang on the Box .
Grantstand is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1961 and released on the Blue Note label in 1962 .
Sleep / Holiday is the last album by Gorky 's Zygotic Mynci , released in 2003 .
Rock and Roll Over is the fifth studio album by American rock band Kiss , released in 1976 .
`` Ode to My Family '' is a 1994 song recorded by the Irish band The Cranberries .
The Night Is Ours is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Youth Group , released in Australia in June 2008 and in the US in April 2009 .
Ifyoubelievein is the first solo album by Bryan MacLean , who was previously known as the second songwriter in the original lineup of the Los Angeles folk rock band Love .
`` Fairytale Gone Bad '' is a song by rock quintet Sunrise Avenue , which reached number one in several countries , and as a result , is one of the band 's best - known songs .
Avaimet mun kulmille is the debut studio album by Finnish rapper Cheek .
Sine Missione ( Latin : Without mercy ) is the first album by Dutch Pagan folk band Omnia , recorded in 1999 and released in 2000 .
Hair in My Eyes Like a Highland Steer is the fourth album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin ' Albertans , released in 2005 .
Delicious Surprise is the fourth album by American country music artist Jo Dee Messina , released in 2005 .
I Choose Noise is the third studio album by British progressive breakbeat band Hybrid , as well as an EP by the same .
The Spotlight Kid is the sixth album by Captain Beefheart ( Don Van Vliet ) and the Magic Band , originally released in 1972 .
1st Bassman is an album by jazz bassist Paul Chambers , recorded at Bell Sound Studios , NYC , May 12 , 1960 .
`` Separate Lives '' is a 1985 song recorded by Phil Collins and Marilyn Martin and featured on the soundtrack to the motion picture White Nights .
`` Wired Life '' is the fifth single by Japanese recording artist Meisa Kuroki .
The Kylie Collection is the first compilation album released by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue .
`` B with Me '' is a song by British R&B / UK garage girl group Mis - Teeq .
`` Dear Snow '' is the 33rd single by the Japanese boy band Arashi .
`` It 's On Again '' is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys , featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar .
`` Funkin ' for Jamaica ( N.Y. ) '' is a 1980 single by jazz trumpeter Tom Browne .
`` Do n't Dream It 's Over '' is a song by the Australian rock band Crowded House , recorded for their 1986 self - titled debut studio album .
White Teeth , Black Thoughts is the sixth studio album by American band the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies , released on July 16 , 2013 on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records .
`` She Do n't Want Nobody Near '' is a single by the American rock band Counting Crows from their greatest hits album , Films About Ghosts ( The Best Of ... ) .
Sträck ut din hand ( `` Stretch Out Your Hand '' ) is a 1995 album by Lasse Berghagen .
When I Come of Age is the unreleased debut album by Shaheen Jafargholi , recorded in 2010 .
Something Burning is the sixth album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors , released in 1996 .
Krimson Creek is the second studio album and third solo release overall by Boondox .
Y'All Get Scared Now , Ya Hear ! is the debut album by the Scottish indie rock supergroup The Reindeer Section , released on 30 October 2001 .
I 'll Catch the Sun ! is a jazz album by alto saxophonist Sonny Criss , recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label .
El Baile Alemán ( English : The German Dance ) is a 2000 album by Señor Coconut Y Su Conjunto ( Uwe Schmidt ) .
`` I Fall to Pieces '' is a single released by Patsy Cline in 1961 , and was featured on her 1961 studio album , Patsy Cline Showcase .
`` So Lonely '' is a song by English rock band The Police , released as the third and final single in November 1978 from their debut studio album Outlandos d'Amour ( 1978 ) , and again in February 1980 as a re - release .
`` Like Light to the Flies '' ( or `` Like Light '' , as it is often referred to ) is a song by heavy metal band Trivium and is the first single and music video from their 2005 album , Ascendancy .
Dream into Action is the second multi - million selling studio album by British pop musician Howard Jones .
Bocanada ( Puff ) is the second solo album by Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati , considered by critics and fans as a highlight in his career and one of his best albums .
`` Sweet Cherry Wine '' is a song by Tommy James and the Shondells from their 1969 album Cellophane Symphony .
`` Turn Up the Sound '' is the fifth release from Andain , marking the third and last promotional single prior to the duo 's debut album , You Once Told Me .
Concerto in True Minor is the debut studio release of the metal / classical combining project True Symphonic Rockestra .
Skalleluia Too ! is the fourth full - length album by the Christian ska band , The Insyderz .
F.O.A.D. ( an initialism for Fuck Off And Die ) is the 12th album by the Norwegian band Darkthrone .
The Hoople is a 1974 album by British band Mott the Hoople .
Message from the Country is the fourth and last album by The Move , as well as its only album for EMI 's Harvest .
`` Whatcha Say '' is the debut single by American recording artist Jason Derulo and the first single released from his self - titled debut album .
A Bit o ' This & That is a rarities , b - sides , remixes , and covers album by Emilie Autumn that includes music from her early years .
Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts is a collection of previously recorded demos released by manager Mark Dawson and Linda McDonald of the American all - female heavy metal band Phantom Blue .
Audio Entertainment is the second and final studio album by rap duo , Tag Team .
`` Hotter Than Fire '' is a song by Swedish singer Eric Saade and American singer Dev . It is the first single from Saade 's third album , Saade Vol . 2 , and was first released on 2 November 2011 in Sweden .
Hey , Do You Know Me is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Lisa Brokop .
Kate Lockley is a fictional character created by Joss Whedon for the television series Angel , portrayed by Elisabeth Röhm .
Forgiveness Rock Record is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie rock musical collective Broken Social Scene , released by the Arts & Crafts record label on May 4 , 2010 .
`` Hell No ! '' is the debut single by Australian recording artist Ricki - Lee Coulter .
X My Heart is an album by Peter Hammill , originally released on Hammill 's own Fie !
`` Have I the Right ? '' was the début single and biggest hit of British band The Honeycombs .
Silent Nights is a rock album released in 1985 by Rick Wakeman .
`` Late Goodbye '' is a song by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall that appeared in the 2003 video game Max Payne 2 :
Sheep in KISS Make Up is a 2005 Kiss tribute album by Sack Trick .
`` I Ca n't Stand It '' was the first single from Eric Clapton 's 1981 album Another Ticket .
Salmos e Cânticos Espirituais is the third studio album by Trazendo a Arca basead in psalms .
`` Rock Yo Hips '' is the first single of the hip hop / crunk group Crime Mob 's second studio album , Hated on Mostly .
`` Rise from the Ashes '' is the first single of the band Quietdrive .
Songs of the Heart is the twelfth studio album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos , released on BAI Records in 1995 .
Precious Junk is the debut single released by Japanese singer , Ken Hirai .
`` Ca n't Forget About You '' is the second and final single from Nas ' 2006 album Hip Hop Is Dead , released on January 23 , 2007 .
La Esquina del Infinito is a 2000 album released by the band La Renga .
Heat Fetish is the fourth and final studio album released by American hardcore band The Bled .
`` I Will Possess Your Heart '' is a song by American band Death Cab for Cutie , the lead single from their sixth studio album , Narrow Stairs , released on March 18 , 2008 and was released to radio on March 24 , 2008 .
You Been Played is the second album by Smooth , who had previously released her debut album under the name MC Smooth .
Obsesiones is the 12th album by Mexican pop singer Yuri .
Desire Walks On is the eleventh studio album by the American rock band Heart .
`` I Had a Love '' was the second single released by the band Blue Angel from their 1980 album , also titled Blue Angel .
Enemy of the Sun is the fourth studio album from California - based post - metal band Neurosis .
The Mirrors of My Soul is an album by the Palestinian artist Rim Banna , released in 2005 .
Jekyll & Hyde en Español is the Spanish version of the album of the same name released by legendary Christian rock band Petra .
For Your Own Special Sweetheart is the third album by Washington D.C. post - hardcore band , Jawbox .
Whisper Supremacy is the third album by Canadian technical death metal band Cryptopsy .
`` Roman in Moscow '' is a song by Trinidadian recording artist and songwriter Nicki Minaj .
`` Diamond in the Back '' is a single released from the album Chicken - n - Beer by Ludacris .
Fix Your Face is the first DJ mix released by TRV$DJAM .
Soft and Sentimental is a 1955 album by Jo Stafford .
`` Baby by Me '' is the official first single by US rapper 50 Cent from his fourth album Before I Self Destruct .
Cobain 's Diary is the fourth LP by Detroit rap artist King Gordy .
`` What Does It Feel Like ? '' is the second single from Felix da Housecat 's album Kittenz and Thee Glitz that features French electronic / electroclash musician Miss Kittin and Melistar .
Ravedeath , 1972 is the sixth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker , released on February 14 , 2011 by Kranky .
Dirty Money , Dirty Tricks is the second studio album by a Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers .
Amassakoul ( `` The Traveler '' in Tamashek ) is a 2004 album by Tinariwen .
Makin ' Hay is the second studio album by Canadian country music group Farmer 's Daughter , and was released in 1996 by Universal Music Canada .
Open Heart Surgery was released on August 8 , 2000 by rock band Virginwool .
Cactus and a Rose is a 1980 honky tonk / Southern rock album by Country music singer Gary Stewart .
Suburba is the fourth full - length album by the band House of Heroes .
The Art of Virtue is the second CD by Nashville , Tennessee - based singer / songwriter Adrienne Young and her band , Little Sadie .
`` Safe in New York City '' is a song by rock group AC / DC , from their 2000 album Stiff Upper Lip .
In Light is the debut studio album by the American rock band Givers .
Voli me , voli ( English : Love Me , Love Me ) is the fifth studio album by Yugoslav pop - folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh .
This Is What Happens is an album by the New York band The Reign of Kindo .
`` What Ya Wanna Do '' is a 1989 single by Ice - T , from the album The Iceberg / Freedom of Speech ...
Ocean Eyes , released on the iTunes Store on July 14 , 2009 , and in stores on September 1 , 2009 , is the second studio album by American electronica project Owl City .
The Courage of Others is the third studio album by American folk rock band Midlake .
`` Tragic Comic '' is the third and last single from Extreme 's third studio album III Sides to Every Story .
`` A Place for My Head '' is a song by Linkin Park , ninth track from their debut album Hybrid Theory .
Angel Song is a studio album by Canadian musician Kenny Wheeler , recorded in 1996 and released in 1997 on the ECM label as ECM 1607 .
Ha'Or m'Zion ( Hebrew : האור מציון‎ - The Light From Zion ) is the debut album by an Israeli hip - hop artist Subliminal .
A Show of Hands is a live album by the Canadian rock band Rush , released in 1989 .
My Island is the tenth full - length album by Starflyer 59 .
`` Russian Radio '' is a song by the American synthpop band Red Flag .
Requia ( subtitled and other compositions for guitar solo ) is the eighth album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey .
Hello Master is the debut studio album by Canadian hard rock band Priestess .
King of Rock is the second studio album by hip hop trio Run-- D.M.C ..
`` Tout l'or des hommes '' ( meaning `` All the Men 's Gold '' ) is the first hit single from Celine Dion 's album 1 fille & 4 types .
Train Above the City is the ninth and penultimate album by English alternative rock band Felt , released in 1988 .
Join Hands is the second studio album by English post - punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees , released in September 1979 by record label Polydor .
Pistolbuttsa'twinkle is the second album by Australian rock band Tlot Tlot .
A Big 10 - 8 Place is Negativland 's 3rd album , which is a concept album released in 1983 .
Lauren Reed is a fictional character played by Melissa George in the Alias television series .
Washington Square Serenade is the 12th studio album by alternative country singer Steve Earle , released in 2007 .
Back Down to One is the debut solo album by Jani Lane , former lead vocalist of the American Hard rock band Warrant .
Going on Record is a self - released album by the American vocalist , pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 1983 .
230596 was one of the first releases by Exhaust before they signed themselves to Constellation .
`` Pop Ya Collar '' is a single by American recording artist Usher , written by himself , Kevin `` Shekspere '' Briggs and Kandi Burruss while being produced by the former .
Real to Real Cacophony ( sometimes incorrectly rendered as Reel to Real Cacophony ) is the second studio album by Scottish post - punk band Simple Minds .
Black Paladins is an album by American jazz saxophonist Joseph Jarman and percussionist Don Moye featuring Johnny Dyani recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label .
`` Ms. Vanity '' is the debut single by former Australian Idol contestant Rob Mills .
`` Old Siam , Sir '' is a hard rock single from Wings ' 1979 album , Back to the Egg .
`` Pictures in the Mirror '' is the first single off The Living End 's second album Roll On , reaching number 18 on the ARIA Singles Chart .
`` Disco 's Revenge '' is a song recorded by American house producer Gusto .
`` Feel Every Beat '' was the third single by the English band Electronic .
Al Posto Del Fuoco is the fourth album of the Italian alternative rock band Meganoidi .
The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw is the second full - length studio album by Chicago post - metal band Pelican .
`` Terror Couple Kill Colonel '' is the third single released by British gothic rock band Bauhaus .
Spihumonesty is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1979 and features performances by Abrams , George Lewis , Roscoe Mitchell , Amina Claudine Myers , Youseff Yancy and Leonard Jones with vocals by Jay Clayton .
Live in London 2011 is a live album by Miyavi released on May 2 , 2011 .
Warfare Machines is the last Deinonychus album made , after the band disbanded in September 2008 .
`` New Killer Star '' is a song written and performed by David Bowie in 2003 for his album Reality .
`` In Those Jeans '' is the second single by American singer Ginuwine from his fourth studio album The Senior .
`` Now and Forever ( You and Me ) '' is a hit song written by David Foster , Randy Goodrum and Jim Vallance and recorded by Canadian Country vocalist Anne Murray .
`` Fool ( If You Think It 's Over ) '' is the title of a popular song from 1978 by the British singer - songwriter Chris Rea .
`` This Could Be Heaven '' is a song Seal recorded in the year 2000 for his fourth album Togetherland .
Reality Only Fantasized is the first full length album by American technical death metal band Capharnaum .
Život je tamo ( Serbian : Живот је тамо ) is the 19th album by Serbian singer Baja Mali Knindža , released in 1999 .
`` That Song '' is the second single by Big Wreck from the band 's debut album , In Loving Memory Of ....
`` The Crude Oil Blues '' is a song written and recorded by American country artist Jerry Reed .
`` White Summer '' is a guitar instrumental by English rock guitarist Jimmy Page , which incorporates Indian and Arabic musical influences .
`` 643 ( Love 's on Fire ) '' is a single which appeared in DJ Tiësto first album , In My Memory titled as Flight 643 and was later adapted with vocals by Suzanne Palmer .
`` Turn Your Love Around '' is a vocal pop / R&B single by George Benson .
Road to Saint Ives is a solo album by the English saxophonist John Surman , recorded in 1990 and released on the ECM label .
Burning at Both Ends is the third studio album by American Pop punk band Set Your Goals , released on June 28 , 2011 .
`` Simple Kind of Life '' is a pop rock ballad written by Gwen Stefani for No Doubt 's fourth album Return of Saturn ( 2000 ) .
`` Cantaloop ( Flip Fantasia ) '' is a song by jazz - rap group Us3 from their 1993 album Hand on the Torch .
`` Say My Name '' is a song by R&B American recording group Destiny 's Child .
`` Proud to Fall '' is the first single released by Ian McCulloch from his debut solo album Candleland in 1989 .
`` 4 Page Letter '' is a contemporary R&B song recorded by American singer Aaliyah .
`` I Do n't Need Your Rockin ' Chair '' is a song written by Billy Yates , Frank Dycus and Kerry Kurt Phillips , and recorded by George Jones .
Swallow Tales is a 1971 album by British country rock band Cochise .
`` Te llevaré al cielo '' ( English : I 'll take you to the Sky ) is the only single released from Maná 's compilation album , Esenciales :
`` Beauty Has Her Way '' is a song performed by the British band Mummy Calls from their self - titled debut album .
`` Dixieland Delight '' is a song written by Ronnie Rogers , and recorded by American country music band Alabama .
0141 632 6326 is the fourth album from Scottish rock band Gun .
Schrei is the debut album by the German band Tokio Hotel .
Music for a Big Night Out is the sixteenth studio album by German hard dance band Scooter .
`` Too Late for Goodbyes '' is the first single ( second in the US ) from Julian Lennon 's 1984 album Valotte .
Leva - me aos Fados ( in English : Take Me To The Fados ) is the fourth album by Portuguese fado singer Ana Moura , the successor to the multi - award winning `` Para Além da Saudade '' ( 2007 ) .
`` Where Will I Be Now '' is a pop single by the Bay City Rollers from their 1978 album Strangers in the Wind .
Long Trip Alone is the third studio album of country music singer Dierks Bentley .
Year of the Black Rainbow is the fifth studio album by rock band Coheed and Cambria , released on April 13 , 2010 through Columbia .
Fluctuadmission is the only demo by Frantic Bleep to give to music labels .
Light as a Feather ( 1973 ) is the second studio album of fusion band Return to Forever , led by pianist Chick Corea .
Ray Ray is the second studio album by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq , released October 5 , 2004 , on his record label Pookie Entertainment .
`` Angel from Montgomery '' is a country song written by John Prine , originally appearing on his self - titled 1971 album John Prine .
Dýrð í dauðaþögn is the debut album by the Icelandic singer - songwriter Ásgeir Trausti .
Reformation Post TLC is a studio album by The Fall - the band 's 26th , released in the UK on February 12 , 2007 .
Pop Beloved is the fourth album released by The Reivers , in 1991 .
Land of Light is an album by the Scottish traditional folk band The Tannahill Weavers which was released in 1986 .
Groovy , Laidback and Nasty is the ninth full - length studio album by electronic band Cabaret Voltaire , released in 1990 by Parlophone .
`` Digging in the Dirt '' is a 1992 song by British musician Peter Gabriel .
Amarillo Ramp ( For Robert Smithson ) is a studio album by Sonic Youth 's Lee Ranaldo .
`` My Shadow '' is a song by British singer - songwriter Jessie J , from re - release her debut studio album Who You Are .
Riot Girl is the debut studio album from J - pop star and voice actress Aya Hirano .
`` Es Mi Mujer '' ( `` It 's My Woman '' ) is a song written by Luis Gómez Escolar and K. C. Porter , produced by Juan Carlos Calderón and performed by Mexican singer Emmanuel .
`` Empty Spaces '' is a song by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd , featured as the eighth track on their 1979 rock opera The Wall .
Speaker of Turkish is a posthumous release by Muslimgauze .
`` Let You Go '' is the second overall , and official lead single , taken from drum and bass duo Chase & Status ' second studio album , No More Idols .
Musication is the second album by the Japanese hip - hop group Home Made Kazoku , released in 2006 .
`` Metal & Dust '' is a song written by Dot Major , Hannah Reid and Dan Rothman of British electronic music band London Grammar .
Hearty Notes is the twenty - sixth album and the first one in which All 4 Members of Casiopea play Acoustic Instruments recorded and released in 1994 .
Beyond the Permafrost is the second album by American thrash / black metal band Skeletonwitch .
`` Cry Baby Cry '' is a song by the Beatles , written by John Lennon , from their 1968 album The Beatles .
`` The First Picture of You '' is a song by English new wave band The Lotus Eaters .
The Shell Game is an album by saxophonist Tim Berne with Craig Taborn and Tom Rainey which was recorded in 2000 in Denmark and Sweden and released on the Thirsty Ear label .
`` Sunday Bloody Sunday '' is a song by the Irish rock band U2 .
`` Cry ( Just a Little ) '' is a song by Dutch dance duo Bingo Players .
Near Nadir is an studio album by four musicians Ikue Mori , Mark Nauseef , Evan Parker and Bill Laswell .
Acuerdate De Mi in English Remember Me was released as a promotional single from the band Selena y Los Dinos in 1986 .
Come 2 Me is Raymond Lam 's fourth album , released on July 17 , 2010 .
`` Los Angeles Is Burning '' is a single by the punk rock band Bad Religion from their 2004 album The Empire Strikes First .
Spoils of Failure is the fourth and final album by Canadian band Buried Inside .
The Deep End , Volume 1 is the fourth studio album by American rock band Gov't Mule .
`` Ovo je Balkan '' ( Serbian : Ово je Балкaн , English : This is the Balkans ) is a song composed by Yugoslav composer Goran Bregović and performed by Milan Stanković .
Bird in a House is the second studio album by the bluegrass / jam band Railroad Earth , released in 2002 .
Chattanooga Sugar Babe is an album of American musician Norman Blake , released in 1998 .
Chasing Down a Spark is the third solo release by recording artist Bill Deasy although it is the second after formally leaving The Gathering Field .
`` Love Me for a Reason '' is a song by Johnny Bristol covered by The Osmonds , and released in 1974 .
8WM / Novakane is the third album by hip - hop duo Black Sheep , the group 's first full - length album since 1994 's Non - Fiction .
If You 're Reading This It 's Too Late is the fourth mixtape by Canadian recording artist Drake .
`` An Olive Grove Facing the Sea '' is a song from Snow Patrol 's second album When It 's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up .
Born on a Pirate Ship ( sometimes abbreviated BOAPS ) is the third full - length studio album by Barenaked Ladies ( BNL ) , featuring the songs `` Shoe Box '' , `` The Old Apartment '' , `` When I Fall '' and `` Break Your Heart . ''
Poema de Amor is the second album by Brazilian music superstar Elis Regina , It was released in 1962 .
Plain and Simple is an album by The Dubliners , the last to be produced by Phil Coulter .
Another Small Machine is the second of three albums by Canadian songwriter Michael Kulas .
`` So You Win Again '' is a popular single from the Hot Chocolate album Every 1 's a Winner .
Peel Session TX 21/07/1998 is an EP by Boards of Canada of their 21 July 1998 Peel Session broadcast on BBC Radio 1 .
Om du vill vara med mig is the fourth album by singer - songwriter Melissa Horn , released October 2 , 2013 , on Sony / Svedala .
`` Johnny Got a Boom Boom '' is a song by Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May.
`` Losing My Edge '' is the debut single by American dance - punk band LCD Soundsystem .
All Beauty Must Die is an album by German symphonic metal band Krypteria , released on April 22 , 2011 .
`` When the Trickster Starts a - Poking ( Bordello Kind of Guy ) '' is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello , written by frontman Eugene Hütz .
Through These Eyes is the debut solo album by Bryan Josh of Mostly Autumn fame .
`` Neva Get Enuf '' is the second single released from 3LW 's second album A Girl Can Mack and features Lil Wayne , it heavily samples Teddy Pendergrass 's Close the Door .
Kommander of Kaos is the second solo studio album released by Wendy O. Williams after her group , the Plasmatics , went on hiatus .
Stanley Road is the third solo album by Paul Weller , released by Go !
`` Always Strapped '' is the first single from rapper Birdman 's fourth studio album , Pricele$$.
It Hates You is He Is Legend 's third full - length studio album , released July 13 , 2009 in Europe and July 21 , 2009 in the United States .
Telo i duša ( trans . Body and Soul ) is an album by the Serbian gothic rock band Trivalia .
The Story Goes ... is the third album by British singer Craig David , released in 2005 via Warner Music in the UK .
Better than Knowing Where You Are is the fourth and final album from Chicago pop - punk band Spitalfield .
Boss Hogg Outlaws is a Compilation album by the southern rappers E.S.G. & Slim Thug .
Doll Domination is the second and final studio album by American pop girl group The Pussycat Dolls .
`` Grab My Shaft '' is a single by Louie Austen featuring Canadian electronic musician Peaches .
`` The Chronicles of Life and Death '' is the third single from American rock band Good Charlotte 's third album , The Chronicles of Life and Death .
Radio Boogie is a second album by the progressive bluegrass band Hot Rize .
`` Into Your Eyes '' is the third single from the American DJ Armand Van Helden 's sixth album Nympho .
Helioself , the second album by Papas Fritas , was released in the spring of 1997 .
Jump Up Jump Down Live is a Live VHS released by B*Witched in 2000 .
Boys and Girls in America is the third studio album by The Hold Steady , released on October 3 , 2006 by Vagrant Records .
Big Night Music was the fourth full - length Shriekback album , released in 1986 .
The Stand Ins is the fifth full - length studio album by American indie rock band Okkervil River , released on September 9 , 2008 .
Casting the Stones is the eighth studio album released by American power metal band Jag Panzer , released in 2004 .
Brasil Afora ( All Over Brazil ) is the twelfth album by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso .
The Sailor is the 1979 album by singer - songwriter Mickey Newbury .
Dancing on the Grave of Rock n ' Roll is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band The Choirboys which was released in 1994 and is the follow - up to their previous studio album , Midnight Sun . It was produced by mainstay band members Mark Gable and Ian Hulme .
It 's a Wonderful Laugh is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show , which was first released in December 1996 .
MF EP is a split EP released by rappers MF DOOM and MF Grimm on November 28 , 2000 .
`` You 're Not the Only One Who Feels This Way '' is Ammonia 's second single from their second album Eleventh Avenue .
Factors of the Seven is the second studio album released by GRITS , in 1998 .
`` I Will Never Leave You '' is a 1992 song recorded by the Australian act Euphoria .
Born to Play Guitar is a 2015 studio album from Buddy Guy .
Get Away , Jordan is a live CD / DVD released by Christian gospel quartet Ernie Haase & Signature Sound .
You Want It , You Got It is the second album by the Detroit , Michigan - based Soul group The Detroit Emeralds .
`` Honey to the Bee '' is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999 .
`` In My Defence '' is a power ballad performed by Queen lead vocalist Freddie Mercury .
`` Elegia '' is a piece composed by Peter Hook , Gillian Gilbert , Stephen Morris , and Bernard Sumner for the British rock band New Order .
That Within Blood Ill - Tempered is the second studio album by hardcore punk band Shai Hulud .
`` Light Surrounding You '' is the second single by alternative rock band , Evermore , taken from their second studio album , Real Life ( June 2006 ) .
`` I Will Love You Monday ( 365 ) '' is a song by Danish singer - songwriter Aura Dione from her debut album Columbine .
Tyrannosaurus Hives is the third full - length album by The Hives , released on 20 July 2004 .
Engeltjes ( English : Angels ) is the twelfth studio album by the Belgian - Dutch girlgroup K3 .
`` Looking for Space '' is a popular song written and performed by the American singer - songwriter John Denver .
`` Fooled Around and Fell in Love '' is a single written and performed by blues guitarist Elvin Bishop .
Atado a Tu Amor ( English : Tied to Your Love ) is the ninth album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne released on September 29 , 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .
`` The Phuncky Feel One '' is the second single of rap group Cypress Hill 's self - titled debut album .
Terminal Romance is the fourth album by Canadian rocker Matt Mays , and his second with backing band El Torpedo , following 2005 's Matt Mays & El Torpedo .
The Out of Control Tour was the fifth concert tour by British girl group Girls Aloud .
Ultrawired was released in its entirety on May 30 , 2011 , a day which Dope Stars , Inc. dubbed Pirate Day because of the method of release .
`` We Could Be Sweet Lovers '' is a 1985 song written by Bill Withers from his final studio album Watching You Watching Me .
Pleasures of the Flesh is the second album by the American thrash metal band Exodus .
Decenija ( English : Decade ) is the eleventh studio album by Serbian singer Ceca .
`` Make Her Say '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi , released as the second single from his debut album Man on the Moon :
Chill Pill is the fourth album by the band Warrior Soul released in 1993 .
Ring of Hands is a 1971 album and the second released by British rock band Argent .
Platinum Pyramids is the eighth album by rapper / DJ , Egyptian Lover .
`` Home Tonight '' is a power ballad by American hard rock band Aerosmith .
Haudankylmyyden Mailla is the second full - length studio album by the black metal band Horna .
`` Calling America '' is a song by the rock music group Electric Light Orchestra ( ELO ) released as a single from their 1986 ( see 1986 in music ) album Balance of Power .
Vision of Sorrows is a 1994 album by the band Lestat .
If I Left the Zoo is the third full - length studio album of the band Jars of Clay .
1/2 Gentlemen / Not Beasts is the first triple record by the rock group Half Japanese .
Headlong Flight is the second single from Canadian rock band Rush 's 20th studio album , Clockwork Angels .
`` I 'd Die Without You '' is a song by American R&B duo P.M. Dawn .
K. B. Blues is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1979 .
The Parody Album is the debut album by DJ Chris Moyles , host of The Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1 .
This Is My Ship is the debut album released by Dartz ! in 2007 .
It 'll Be Cool is the ninth and last full - length album released by indie rock band Silkworm before drummer Michael Dahlquist was killed in a car wreck .
`` Ai n't Talkin ' '' is a song written by Bob Dylan , appearing as the closing track on his album Modern Times , recorded in February 2006 .
Egoleech is the third studio album by German goregrind band Cock and Ball Torture .
Only a Shadow is a live album from Misty Edwards , released by Forerunner Music on March 19 , 2013 .
`` C U When U Get There '' is a song by Coolio featuring 40 Thevz and based on the melody of Johann Pachelbel 's Canon in D Major .
Full Moon Flashlight is the fourth full - length album by Greg Connors , released on April 25 , 2009 .
`` Bruised Water '' is a song by trance artist Chicane .
`` You 're a Superstar '' is a song recorded by Canadian Eurodance group Love Inc ..
Darkness Darkness is an album by the former vocalist from The Animals , Eric Burdon .
Dismiss the Mystery is the seventh studio album released by the Christian rock band , Salvador .
`` Caught by the Fuzz '' was the first single by Britpop band Supergrass .
`` Et s'il fallait le faire '' ( And if it had to be done ) is a song by French singer Patricia Kaas and the first single off her album Kabaret .
Gei ni yidian yanse ( 给你一点颜色 ) , English title on cover Show You Colour , is the 5th music album from Chinese rock'n'roll star Cui Jian , released on 23 March 2005 .
`` Prayer of the Refugee '' is the second single from Rise Against 's album The Sufferer & the Witness , and was released worldwide in 2006 .
Regifted Light is the fifth studio album by American singer - songwriter Baby Dee .
Osaka Ramones is Japanese pop - punk group Shonen Knife 's 16th studio album .
The World Has Made Me the Man of My Dreams is the seventh studio album by the American musician Meshell Ndegeocello .
The Twilight Chronicles is the eighth studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten .
Road to the Octagon is the eleventh full - length studio album from Finnish blackened death metal band Impaled Nazarene .
Fantastic Girls is the fourth Japanese studio album ( seventh overall ) of the South Korean girl group Kara .
West Koasta Nostra is the seventh album by Samoan rap group Boo - Yaa T.R.I.B.E. Released in 2003 for Sarinjay Entertainment , the album marked the first successful album for the group since its debut album , New Funky Nation .
Que Ganas de Volver ( Eng . : I Want to Return ) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican band Conjunto Primavera .
Walk Out is a 2007 album by Lady Saw .
`` Learnalilgivinanlovin '' is a song by the Flemish - born Australian musician Gotye from his second album Like Drawing Blood released in Australia as a single in 2006 .
All Haunt 's Sound is the second album by the indie pop group The Alice Rose , released in 2009 .
The W is the third studio album by the American hip hop group Wu - Tang Clan .
Beautiful Awakening is the third album from American CCM / pop singer Stacie Orrico .
`` De Mí Enamórate '' ( `` Fall in Love with Me '' ) is a ballad written by Mexican singer - songwriter Juan Gabriel , produced by Gian Pietro Felisatti and performed by Mexican singer Daniela Romo .
The Light Divides is the second studio album by the indie rock band Winterpills , released on February 27 , 2007 .
`` In Some Small Way '' is the fourth and last promotional single from Celine Dion 's album Miracle .
Come on Sister is an EP from the indie pop band Belle & Sebastian released in 2011 .
`` Well Thought Out Twinkles '' is a song included in the tracklist of Silversun Pickups ' debut album Carnavas .
Amber 's fourth album was titled My Kind of World .
All the Lovers is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue for her eleventh studio album , Aphrodite ( 2010 ) .
An Inch of Gold for an Inch of Time is the 2005 release by mathcore group The Number Twelve Looks Like You .
`` My Thang '' is a funk song written and recorded by James Brown .
Life of Contradiction is the first album of reggae musician Joe Higgs .
`` Capital G '' is a single by Nine Inch Nails , the second from their 2007 album Year Zero .
No Nuclear War is the seventh and final studio album by Peter Tosh .
10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 is the fourth album by Midnight Oil that was released on vinyl in 1982 under the Columbia Records label .
Break Up the Concrete is the ninth ( and to date , final ) studio album by rock group The Pretenders .
`` I Need More of You '' is a song written David Bellamy , and recorded by American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers .
`` Eres Mi Religión '' ( English : You Are My Religion ) is the second radio single and ninth track off of Maná 's sixth studio album , Revolución de Amor ( 2002 ) .
`` The Way We Make a Broken Heart '' was covered by both John Hiatt and Rosanne Cash in 1983 as a duet .
`` Y No Puedo Olvidarte '' ( English : `` And I Ca n't Forget About You '' ) is a song from Mexican pop group RBD .
`` Funky Cold Medina '' is a hip hop song written by Young MC , Michael L. Ross and Matt Dike , and first performed by Tone Lōc .
Unseen Power is the thirteenth studio album of the Christian rock band , Petra .
Barbie Barbie , stylised as BARBiE BARBiE , is the seventh single by the Japanese electronica artist Aira Mitsuki .
Canzonissima ' 68 is an album by Italian singer Mina , released in 1968 .
Fist Sized Chunks is the third studio album by the grunge band Skin Yard .
Natin99 is the Eraserheads ' sixth album .
`` Life in the Fast Lane '' is a song written by Joe Walsh , Glenn Frey and Don Henley and recorded by the American rock band Eagles on their 1976 studio album Hotel California .
`` Poor Poor Pitiful Me '' is a rock song written and originally recorded by Warren Zevon in 1976 .
`` All Over This Town '' is the first single from the album Other People 's Problems by the now defunct band The Upper Room .
`` ULTRAnumb '' is the third single by the industrial artist Blue Stahli , it remains Blue Stahli 's most popular song to date .
`` Ca n't Shake You '' is a song by the American country music group Gloriana .
Still Writing in My Diary : 2nd Entry , released in 2004 , is the second studio album by rapper Petey Pablo .
`` Somebody 's Me '' is the second single released from Enrique Iglesias 's fourth English studio album , Insomniac .
`` My City of Ruins '' is a 2000 song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen , and included on his 2002 album The Rising .
`` Duele el Amor '' is a song by Mexican singer Aleks Syntek featuring Ana Torroja released on August 14 , 2004 as the first single of his album Mundo Lite .
Omar Rodriguez Lopez & Jeremy Michael Ward is a collaboration between Omar Rodríguez - López and the late Jeremy Michael Ward .
`` If Only You '' is the third single from the album Heart Beats by Danny Saucedo .
We Did n't Come Here to Die is the first album by pop punk band The Copyrights .
Ember to Inferno is the debut album from American heavy metal band Trivium .
`` Ghost of You and Me '' is a 2001 single by the British pop band BBMak .
People and Things is the third and final studio album by American rock band Jack 's Mannequin .
`` Only Time '' is a song composed and recorded by Irish singer Enya , first released in November 2000 .
`` Arienne '' is the fourth single to be released by the British singer - songwriter Tasmin Archer .
`` Glam Slam '' is a song by American musician Prince , and the second single from his 1988 album , Lovesexy .
`` Gots ta Be '' is the second single by R&B group B2 K off their self - titled debut album .
The Arockalypse is the third studio album by Finnish heavy metal band Lordi .
`` Rayon de soleil '' ( English : `` Ray of Sunshine '' ) is the name of a 2008 song recorded by the African singer William Baldé .
All Creatures Will Make Merry is the second studio album by Scottish indie folk band Meursault , released on 24 May 2010 .
The Olympus Sound is the fifth studio album by Irish power pop band Pugwash .
Design Your Universe is the fourth full - length studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Epica , released on 16 October 2009 .
Great Jazz Standards is an album by jazz composer , arranger , conductor and pianist Gil Evans recorded in 1959 by Evans with an orchestra featuring Johnny Coles , Steve Lacy , Curtis Fuller , Jimmy Cleveland , Budd Johnson , Ray Crawford , and Elvin Jones .
Standing on a Beach ( titled Staring at the Sea in CD format in some countries ) is a singles compilation released by the British goth rock band The Cure in May 1986 , marking a decade since the band 's founding in 1976 .
Comin ' to Your City is the second studio album by the country music duo Big & Rich , released in 2005 .
Faro Annie is the 1971 solo album by British folk musician John Renbourn .
Ludo srce ( English : Crazy Heart ) is the second studio album by Serbian singer Ceca .
Do gole kože ( English : To the Bare Skin ) is the eighth studio album by Bosnian Serb pop - folk singer Stoja .
Ricky Sings Again is the third rock and roll album by Ricky Nelson , released in 1959 .
Dusty Fact is the first album by well - known Russian rock group Splean .
`` Ricochet ! '' is the first single from Shiny Toy Guns ' second album Season of Poison .
In Sides is the fourth album by British electronic group Orbital , released in the UK on Internal on 29 April 1996 .
A Greater Darkness is the eighth release by extreme industrial metal band Red Harvest .
`` I Do n't Wanna Cry No More '' is a song and single made by German power metal band Helloween , taken from the album Chameleon .
Soy Mujer ( I 'm a Woman ) , is the third album released by Chenoa ( second of studio ) , following Chenoa and the unplugged album Mis Canciones Favoritas .
`` Have In Mind '' is a 1988 single by German synthpop band Cetu Javu .
`` Jalla Dansa Sawa '' ( meaning Come on and dance together ) is a 2013 song by Swedish singer of Iranian origin Behrang Miri which was performed in Melodifestivalen 2013 .
`` Un Poco Loco '' ( English translation : `` A Little Crazy '' ) is a composition by American jazz pianist and composer Bud Powell .
`` Dark Clouds '' is a song by Space , released as their fifth and final single from their debut album Spiders .
Sell Your Dope is the third studio album by rap artist Afroman .
Modern Day Jazz Stories is an 1995 album by English saxophonist Courtney Pine .
Listen & Forgive is the third studio album of the American pop punk band Transit .
`` It 's Madness '' was the second posthumous record released by American soul singer Marvin Gaye , released off his Dream Of A Lifetime album , in 1985 .
`` Dance Again '' is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her first greatest hits album , Dance Again ... the Hits ( 2012 ) .
`` Broken Hearted '' was the third single from Eighteen Visions self - titled album and the band 's last single .
`` Fussball ist immer noch wichtig '' ( Football is still important ) is a song by Fettes Brot , Bela B. of Die Ärzte , Marcus Wiebusch of Kettcar and Carsten Friedrichs of Superpunk .
`` Do No Wrong '' is a song by Cornish alternative rock band Thirteen Senses , from their debut album The Invitation .
`` My Music at Work '' is a song by Canadian rock group The Tragically Hip .
Life on Display is the third studio album by post - grunge band Puddle of Mudd .
Polly Wog Stew is a 1982 EP by the Beastie Boys , released on the Rat Cage label .
Luna de Fuego is the second studio album by the Gipsy Kings , released in 1983 in Europe .
Songs from the Edge is the second album by British musician Dirty Harry ( formerly known as Harry ) .
Friday Night in America is the ninth and final studio album by progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival , released in 1989 .
Mystic Chords & Sacred Spaces ( 2003 ) is a four disc album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach .
Preston 28 February 1980 is a live album by English post - punk band Joy Division featuring a performance on 28 February 1980 at The Warehouse , Preston .
Ethernaut is a 2003 album by The Crüxshadows , a gothic / electronic , `` Dark Wave '' band from Jacksonville , Florida .
Mainstream of Jazz is an album led by American jazz baritone saxophonist Gerry Mulligan featuring tracks recorded in 1955 and 1956 which released on the EmArcy label .
`` Helping Me Get Over You '' is a song written and recorded by American country music artists Travis Tritt and Lari White .
BJ4 is the fourth album by jazz musician Bob James .
Kuře v hodinkách is an album by the Czech fusion band Flamengo .
`` Stupid Mistake '' is a song by British - based Australian singer - songwriter Darren Hayes , released as the fourth single from his fourth studio album , Secret Codes and Battleships , on 7 May 2012 .
Across the Open Sea is the third studio album by the Swedish death metal band , Unleashed .
A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night is an album of classic 20th - century standards sung by American singer Harry Nilsson .
`` Mamunia '' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney that first appeared on Wings ' 1973 album Band on the Run .
Black Power Flower is the tenth solo album from stoner rock musician Brant Bjork , and the first credited to his new backing band The Low Desert Punk Band .
A Legend in My Time is the fourth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap .
`` Road to Heaven '' is the fifth single of Dutch singer Kim - Lian and the lead single from her second album Just Do It .
`` Caroline 's a Victim '' is the debut single of English singer - songwriter Kate Nash , released digitally and on 7 `` vinyl 5 February 2007 .
People Like People Like People Like Us is the fifth studio album by the Swedish rock band Backyard Babies , released in 2006 .
Beneath This Gruff Exterior was singer - songwriter John Hiatt 's seventeenth album , released on May 6 , 2003 .
`` She 's Your Lover Now '' is a song written by singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , and recorded for his 1966 album , Blonde on Blonde , but ultimately never used .
En éxtasis ( English : `` In ecstasy '' ) is the fourth studio album by Mexican singer Thalía .
Bing , Bing , Bing ! is a 1995 ( see 1995 in music ) album by jazz musician Charlie Hunter .
Easy to Idolize is a 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) album by Ilse Huizinga .
`` All Join Hands '' is a song by rock band Slade , released as the lead single from the 1985 album Rogues Gallery .
Big Sounds of the Drags is the second album by electronic music producer Junkie XL .
`` Money Wo n't Change You '' is a song recorded by James Brown in 1966 .
Stray Point Agenda is the second studio album from UK Hip - hop group Foreign Beggars .
Strange Faith and Practice is the seventh album by American - born singer / songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols , released in 2009 on Impossible Ark Records .
United World Rebellion is a series of three EPs from the heavy metal band Skid Row .
Down Home Style is an album by American organist Brother Jack McDuff recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label .
YBA 2 NW is the fifth studio album of South African hip hop artist Hip Hop Pantsula , released under the CCP / EMI S.A. label on October 17 , 2005 in South Africa .
Runova X Handover is the second mini album released by Nico Touches the Walls in October 18 , 2006 .
Black Brick Road is the sixth studio release by the gothic metal band Lake of Tears .
Another Day , Another Riot was the fourth album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic .
Soldatski bal ( trans . The Soldiers ' Ball ) is the first studio album of the former Yugoslav band Plavi orkestar released in 1985 .
The Goat Rodeo Sessions is a 2011 collaborative album by Yo - Yo Ma , Stuart Duncan , Edgar Meyer and Chris Thile .
Got Friends is the second EP from indie rock band The Jealous Sound , digitally released on October 14 , 2008 .
Wu Ha is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan 's ( Chinese : 潘瑋柏 ) third Mandarin studio album .
Nazarene Crying Towel is an album by Roots music band Lost Dogs , released on BEC Records in 2003 .
Identity on Fire is the third studio album by American post - hardcore band A Skylit Drive , released on February 15 , 2011 .
Girls Dem Sugar is a reggae fusion song by Jamaican deejay Beenie Man and features singer - songwriter Mýa .
Paparazzi Lightning is an album by Ghostland Observatory released in January 2006 under Trashy Moped Recordings .
Kalhöun is the ninth album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos , released on BAI Records in 1991 .
Rainbowland is the titled debut album by the Christian Power metal band Seventh Avenue It was released in 1995 .
`` Ca n't Smile Without You '' is a song written by Christian Arnold , David Martin , and Geoff Morrow , and recorded by various artists including Barry Manilow and The Carpenters .
`` Girl on the Billboard '' is a 1965 single released by American country music singer Del Reeves .
No Kings is the second official album from Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree .
Laughing Tears , Crying Smile is the second album by the Belgian alternative metal band Oceans of Sadness .
Nature of a Sista is the second studio album by American rapper Queen Latifah , released on September 3 , 1991 , in the United States .
Horror of the Zombies is the second full - length album by American band Impetigo .
Taking It All In Stride is the third studio album by New Zealand - born singer Mark Williams released in 1977 .
Hand on the Torch is the debut album by the jazz - rap group Us3 .
`` Pretty Fly for a Rabbi '' ( alternatively called `` Pretty Fly ( For a Rabbi ) '' in Australia ) is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
`` Freaky Gurl '' is a song by rapper Gucci Mane from his albums Hard to Kill and Trap - A - Thon .
`` Dare Me '' is a 1985 song originally recorded by The Pointer Sisters on the RCA label .
I Love Brazil ! is a 1977 studio album by Sarah Vaughan , accompanied by prominent Brazilian musicians Milton Nascimento , Dori Caymmi and Antônio Carlos Jobim .
Irthes ( Greek : ' Ηρθες ; English : You arrived ) is the title of the 12th studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas .
Atomic Ritual is an album from rock band Nebula released in 2003 .
Yell Fire ! is the fifth studio album by the reggae - influenced band Michael Franti and Spearhead .
`` Jas ja imam silata '' ( Macedonian : Јас ја имам силата ; English : I have the strength ) is a Macedonian pop - rock song , composed by Kristijan Gabrovski and performed by Gjoko Taneski together with Billy Zver & Pejčin as the Macedonian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 .
Under the Bushes Under the Stars is the ninth Guided by Voices album overall , and the last until 2012 's Let 's Go Eat the Factory to feature the `` classic '' lineup including Tobin Sprout , Mitch Mitchell , and Kevin Fennell in addition to leader Robert Pollard .
Metal Health is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot .
Digital Folklore is the self - published debut of London , England based experimental band Oi Va Voi .
`` Kill the Poor '' was the third single by the Dead Kennedys .
`` Meeting Across the River '' is the seventh track on Bruce Springsteen 's breakthrough 1975 album , Born to Run ; it also appeared as the B - side of `` Born to Run '' , the lead single from that album .
`` I 'm Blue ( The Gong - Gong Song ) '' is a song written by Ike Turner , produced by Ike & Tina Turner and recorded and released as a single by Ike & Tina 's backing trio , The Ikettes .
This Is Hardcore is the sixth album by English band Pulp , first released in March 1998 .
A Beginner 's Guide to the Sea is the second album from Melbourne - based band The Holy Sea .
Dirty Ron / Ghost Songs is a double album by Tim Rogers and the Temperance Union .
Friendly Fa$cism is the second full - length album by industrial / hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1991 .
Clearing Customs is a studio album by English guitarist , composer and improvisor Fred Frith .
`` Mr. Lonely '' is a song co - written and recorded by Bobby Vinton .
Criminal Tango is an album released in 1986 by Manfred Mann 's Earth Band with Chris Thompson .
`` Your Time Has Come '' is the second single by the American hard rock band Audioslave from their second album Out of Exile .
Yau Kam Leung ( Chinese : 游錦良 ; Jyutping : jau4 gam2 loeng4 , born 26 April 1985 in Hong Kong ) is a professional football player who played in the Hong Kong First Division League for Fourway Rangers .
Milan Mitić ( Serbian : Милан Митић ) ( born 22 January 1984 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Romanian club CSMS Iaşi , as a defensive midfielder or as a right back .
Roberto Cammarelle ( born 30 July 1980 ) is an Italian boxer , best known for winning the World Amateur Boxing Championships in 2007 ( Chicago ) and 2009 ( Milan ) as a super heavyweight and a gold medal at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing .
Steve Kekana ( born August 4 , 1958 in Zebediela , Transvaal ) is a South African singer songwriter .
Stanley Kwan ( simplified Chinese : 关锦鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 關錦鵬 ; born October 9 , 1957 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong Second Wave Hong Kong film director and producer .
Nigel Parry is a New York - based photographer of celebrities , who started his career in London in 1987 and moved to New York in 1994 .
Leon Bibb ( born October 5 , 1944 , in Butler , Alabama ) is an American news anchor for WEWS - TV in Cleveland , OH , and was a member of the BGSU Board of Trustees .
Franz Brungs ( born 4 December 1936 in Bad Honnef ) is a retired German football coach and player .
Lea Koenig was born in 1929 in Łódź , Poland , to a Polish Jewish family , the daughter of the Yiddish actors Dina and Józef Kamien .
Charles Allen Thomas was born on a farm in Scott County , Kentucky , the son of a Disciples of Christ minister , Charles Allen , and his wife Frances Carrick Thomas .
Johannes Karl Eugen Alfred Goldscheider ( 4 August 1858 -- 10 April 1935 ) was a German neurologist born in Sommerfeld ( today Lubsko , Poland ) .
Nina Paw Hee - ching is a Hong Kong - based actress .
Rodgers was born in Brooklyn , the son of Captain George Washington Rodgers ( 1787 - -1832 ) and Anna Maria Perry .
Born in Kediri , East Java , Moestopo moved to Surabaya to attend the School of Dentistry there .
David Aldridge ( born February 10 , 1965 in Washington , D.C. ) is a reporter for the Turner television networks TNT , TBS and TBD .
France Winddance Twine ( born in Chicago , Illinois ) is Professor of Sociology and documentary filmmaker at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Christel Lee ( born 1990 , Bloomington , Indiana , United States ) is a Korean American - Canadian violinist .
Daniel Rovira de Rivas ( born in Málaga , November 1 , 1980 ) , mostly known as Dani Rovira , is a Spanish comedian and actor .
Silvana Savorelli ( born 1946 in Asmara from Italian father and Eritrean mother ) , professionally known as Lara Saint Paul , is an Italian Eritrean singer , entertainer , impresario and record producer .
Born in Middlesbrough , North Riding of Yorkshire , England , and once called `` the Marilyn Monroe of popular song '' , Marion Ryan was a pop singer of the 1950s in the early years of British Independent Television .
Jagmohan Dalmiya ( 30 May 1940 -- 20 September 2015 ) was an Indian cricket administrator and businessman from the city of Kolkata .
Lilyan Tashman was born the tenth and youngest child of a Jewish family in Brooklyn , New York , the daughter of Rose ( née Cook ) , who was born in Germany , and Maurice Tashman , a clothing manufacturer from Bialystok , Poland .
He was born in Whiting , Indiana to Jabir Murat Ejupi , an Albanian immigrant from Gostivar , Macedonia , and Henrietta Bowman , an American Christian , Ferid Murad was raised as a Christian .
Kanakalatha born as Parameshwaran Pilla and Chinnamma 's daughter at Kollam , Kerala .
Francis Robbins Upton ( 1852 in Peabody , Massachusetts -- March 10 , 1921 in Orange , New Jersey ) was an American physicist and mathematician .
Nathaniel Carl Goodwin ( July 25 , 1857 -- January 31 , 1919 ) was an American actor and vaudevillian born in Boston .
Juliane Werding ( 19 July 1956 in Essen ) is a German singer and alternative therapy practitioner ( heilpraktiker ) .
Mehmed Handžić ( 16 December 1906 -- 26 July 1944 ) was one of the authors of Resolution of Sarajevo Muslims ' and chairman of the Committee of National Salvation .
Luca Petri ( born January 31 , 1989 in Pisa ) is an Italian professional footballer .
Christine Loh Kung - wai , OBE , JP ( born 1 February 1956 ) , is Under Secretary for the Environment in Hong Kong .
John Fisher was born in Beverley , Yorkshire , in 1469 , the eldest son of Robert Fisher , a modestly prosperous merchant of Beverley , and Agnes , his wife .
Avinash Yelandur ( born 22 December 1959 ) is an Indian actor who stars predominantly in South Indian language films and notably in the Kannada , Telugu and Tamil film industries .
Moritz Georg Weidmann ( January 23 , 1686 -- May 3 , 1743 ) was a German bookseller and publisher based in Leipzig , accredited to the courts of Poland and the Electorate of Saxony .
Andrea Seigel ( born October 28 , 1979 in Anaheim , California ) is an American novelist and screenwriter .
Dositej Obradović was born Dimitrije Obradović in 1739 to poor parents in the village of Tschakowa ( Serbian : Čakovo ; modern - day Ciacova , Timiş County , Romania ) , in the region of Banat , then part of the Habsburg Empire .
Ronald Joseph was born on October 9 , 1944 in Chicago , Illinois and is the elder brother of Vivian Joseph .
José Cândido de Carvalho was a Brazilian writer born in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro on August 5 , 1914 .
Marcos Paulo Segobe da Silva , better known as Careca ( born October 30 , 1980 in Tambaú ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Kim Tong - ni ( real name : Kim Sijong ) was born on December 21 , 1913 , in Gyeongju , Gyeongsangbuk - do , Korea .
Sulli , `` sul '' meaning snow and `` li '' meaning pear flower , was born on March 29 , 1994 in the city of Yangsan , South Gyeongsang Province , Republic of Korea , but spent her childhood in Busan .
Pavel Padrnos ( born 17 December 1970 in Petrovice near Třebíč ) is a Czech professional road racing cyclist since 1996 , most recently with Discovery Channel whom he was with between 2002 and 2007 .
Shammu was born Sheerin Sharmilee in Bikaner , Rajasthan to a Tamil Hindu family that hails from Neyveli .
Anna Jókai was born in Budapest , and at an early age she started to show interest in writing .
Theo Travis ( born 7 July 1964 in Birmingham , England ) is a British saxophonist , flautist and clarinetist .
Marzieh Sotoudeh ( born 1957 in Tehran ) is an Iranian Canadian writer and translator who won Hedayat 's literary award in 2004 .
James Lewis Perry ( born 19 November 1979 in Cape Town ) , is a South African professional cyclist who rides for the Tasol GT team .
Ludwig Clamor Marquart ( 29 March 1804 -- 10 May 1881 ) was a German pharmacist and entrepreneur born in Osnabrück .
Jan Derksen was born at Geertruidenberg in central western Holland on 23 January 1919 .
Ernest Anthony Kehr ( 1911 - -1986 ) , of New York City , was a promoter and spokesman of stamp collecting , creating interest for the hobby using all media at the time , including radio , television , books , articles and newspapers columns devoted to philately .
Robert Franklin Leedy was born at Leedy 's Pump , Rockingham County , Virginia , a son of John ( 1826 - -1889 ) and Sarah Ann Mauck Leedy ( 1830 - -1896 ) .
William Gilson Farlow ( 1844 - -1919 ) was an American botanist , born in Boston , Massachusetts , and educated at Harvard ( A.B. , 1866 ; M.D. , 1870 ) , where , after several years of European study , he became adjunct professor of botany in 1874 and professor of cryptogamic botany in 1879 .
Anna Louise Föhse ( 22 March 1677 in Dessau -- 5 February 1745 ) was the daughter of Rudolf Föhse ( 1646 - -1693 ) , the court pharmacist in Dessau , and his wife , Agnes Ohme ( died 1707 )
Ennio Marchetto ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈɛnnjo marˈketto ) ; born 20 February 1960 in Venice ) is an Italian comedic live entertainer whose performances feature quick - change artistry , impersonations and his trademark bi - dimensional paper costumes .
Fyodor Vasilyev was born in Gatchina to a low - level government official , Alexander Vasilyevich Vasilyev , and Olga Emelyanova Polyntseva on 22 February N.S. 1850 .
Leonid Rogozov was born in Dauriya Station , Chita Oblast , a remote village in Eastern Siberia , just 17 km from the Soviet border with Mongolia and China , near Manzhouli .
Born in Bristol in 1914 , C. H. Sisson was noted as a poet , novelist , essayist and an important translator .
Born in Brookhaven , New York , the 6 - 5 , 195-pound Derrick Rowland completed college at State University of New York at Potsdam .
Mohammad Mahdi Vaezi Esfahani ( Persian : محمد مهدی واعظی‌ اصفهانی‎‎)(born July 5 , 1966 in Tehran ) also known as Mohammad Esfahani is an Iranian Persian pop and Traditional singer .
Brian McNeill ( born 6 April 1950 , Falkirk , Scotland ) is a Scottish folk multi - instrumentalist , songwriter , record producer and musical director .
Rafael Farga i Pellicer , also known as the `` Just Pastor of Pellico '' , ( 1844 , Barcelona - Aug. 14 , 1890 ) was a typesetter , political cartoonist , painter , syndicalist , anarchist and journalist from Catalonia .
Torbjørn Falkanger ( 8 October 1927 in Trondheim -- 16 July 2013 ) was a Norwegian ski jumper who was active in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Kostas Bakoyannis ( Greek : Κώστας Μπακογιάννης ; born 16 March 1978 in Athens ) is a Greek independent politician .
Mehmet Nida Tüfekçi ( 1 March 1929 , Akdağmadeni , Yozgat -- 18 September 1993 , İstanbul ) was a Turkish folk music artist .
Norman Jaffe was born in 1932 in Chicago to poor immigrant parents from Poland and Latvia .
Stewart Fraser ( born 1936 in Aberdeen ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left half .
Jean - Marc Guillou ( born December 20 , 1945 in Bouaye , Loire - Atlantique ) is a French ex - footballer and current trainer , who played at the 1978 World Cup .
Susan Kandel is the author of a series of mystery books set in Los Angeles featuring sleuth CeCe Caruso , a vintage clothing fashionista and biographer of mystery writers .
Bashkim Kadrii ( born 9 July 1991 ) is a Danish footballer of Albanian descent , who currently plays for F.C. Copenhagen in the Danish Superliga .
Andrea Pažoutová - Pokorná ( born January 6 , 1979 in Hradec Králové ) is a Czech judoka , who competed in the women 's middleweight category .
Ewa Drzyzga ( born in December 1967 in Kraków ) is a Polish journalist and TV presenter , who hosts talk - show Rozmowy w Toku on TVN .
Donovan Wylie , ( born 1971 , Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish photographer from Northern Ireland .
Joseph Chen Zhonghua ( 陈中华 ) , courteasy name Dongliang ( 栋梁 ) , born in 1961 , Shandong Province , China , is a Chinese martial arts practitioner , teacher and author .
Julian Dash ( 9 April 1916 - -25 February 1974 ) was an American swing music jazz tenor saxophonist born in Charleston , South Carolina , probably better known for his work with Erskine Hawkins and Buck Clayton .
Robert I. Sutton ( born 1954 in Chicago ) is Professor of Management science at the Stanford Engineering School and researcher in the field of Evidence - based management .
Martín Cardetti ( born 22 October 1975 in Río Cuarto ) is a retired Argentine football striker and current manager of Uruguay de Coronado in the Costa Rican Primera División .
William Walcot was born at Lustdorf , near Odessa in a mixed Scottish - Russian family .
Born in Venice , Benedetto Marcello was a member of a noble family and his compositions are frequently referred to as Patrizio Veneto .
Demetriu Radu was born of peasant parents in Tâmpăhaza ( present - day Rădești , Alba County ) , which was part of then Alsó - Fehér County south of Aiud .
Vicente Amigo Girol ( born 25 March 1967 ) is a Spanish flamenco composer and virtuoso guitarist , born in Guadalcanal , near Seville .
Arda Ocal ( Turkish : Arda Öcal ) ( born May 7 , 1981 in North York , Ontario ) is a Turkish Canadian television personality , broadcaster , announcer and writer , currently working as a broadcaster for WWE under the stage name Kyle Edwards .
Zoë Wicomb grew up in small - town Namaqualand , went to Cape Town for high school , attended the University of the Western Cape , and after graduating left South Africa for England in 1970 , where she continued her studies at Reading University .
Peter Townsend Barlow ( July 21 , 1857 -- May 9 , 1921 ) was an American jurist who served as a New York City Magistrate for nearly two decades .
Adham Sharara ( born Cairo 24 March 1953 ) is a Canadian sports official .
David Herbert Donald was born in Goodman , Mississippi , a town in the center of Holmes County .
Michael Möllenbeck ( born December 12 , 1969 in Wesel , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German discus thrower .
Benjamin Osgood Peirce ( 11 February 1854 Beverly , Massachusetts , USA -- 14 January 1914 Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA ) was an American mathematician and a holder of the Hollis Chair of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at Harvard from 1888 until his death in 1914 .
Alex Nowrasteh was born and raised in Southern California to Cyrus Nowrasteh ( a filmmaker , famous for the Path to 9/11 miniseries ) and his wife Betsy Giffen Nowrasteh ( who has collaborated with Cyrus on some of his film projects ) .
Josef Wenzl ( born December 20 , 1984 in Zwiesel ) is a German cross country skier who has competed since 2002 .
N. K. Jemisin was born in Iowa City , Iowa , and grew up in New York City and Mobile , Alabama .
Eric Asimov ( born July 17 , 1957 ) is an American wine critic and food critic for The New York Times .
Samuel Asamoah ( born 23 March 1994 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer who is currently playing for OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League , on loan from Eupen .
Alejandro Brodersohn ( born in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine film editor .
Mayor Mike Harcourt of Vancouver declared 3 February 1984 `` Dal Richards ' Day '' .
Tomáš Mikinič ( born 22 November 1992 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Podbrezová , on loan from Spartak Trnava , as a winger .
Born in Rome , Paola Senatore was as an actress who worked in Italian genre films during the 1970s , including poliziotteschi , commedia sexy all'italiana and giallo films .
Nicolas Beaudan ( born December 13 , 1975 , in Clermont - Ferrand ) is a French foil fencer .
George Arthur Forrest was born in 1940 in Lubumbashi in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Petr Borkovec ( April 17 , 1970 , Louňovice pod Blaníkem ) is a Czech poet , translator and journalist .
Dawid Kubacki ( born 12 March 1990 in Nowy Targ ) is a Polish ski jumper , a member of the national team , a participant of the Olympic Games Sochi 2014 , bronze medalist in team at World Championships 2013 .
Amand Theis ( born 19 November 1949 in Hellenhahn - Schellenberg ) is a retired German footballer who made a total of 296 appearances in the Fußball - Bundesliga during his playing career .
Stephan Tanneberger was born in 1935 in Chemnitz and enrolled in medicine and chemistry at the University of Leipzig in 1954 , where he obtained his Ph.D. in 1961 and his M.D. in 1964 as well as his Habilitation in 1970 .
Maggi Parker is an American actress , born in Nashua , New Hampshire .
Michele Parrinello ( born 7 September 1945 , Messina ) is an Italian physicist particularly known for his work in molecular dynamics ( the computer simulation of physical movements of atoms and molecules ) .
Frank McLardy was born at 8 Sweden Grove , Waterloo , Merseyside in 1915 , the eldest son of a draper , George McLardy and his wife Mary , née Wood .
Ni Haifeng ( born 1964 ) in Zhoushan , China , is an installation artist .
Joe Melia ( 23 January 1935 , Islington -- 20 October 2012 , Stratford on Avon ) was a British actor .
Janine Kunze ( 20 March 1974 in Cologne ) is a German actress and presenter .
Józef Dwernicki ( March 19 , 1779 in Warsaw -- November 23 , 1857 in Lopatyn near Lwów ) was a General of Cavalry in the Polish Army , and a participant in the November Uprising ( 1830 - -1831 ) .
Yves Apollinaire Pede ( born 1959 in Abomey ) is a Beninois Vodou artist .
Rumen Popov ( Bulgarian : Румен Попов ) ( born 21 May 1983 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian football player .
Teresa Procaccini ( born 23 March 1934 in Cerignola ) is an Italian composer and music educator .
Laurent Chalet ( 12 December 1969 in Limoges , Haute - Vienne ) is a French Director of Photography who has made his career in both the fiction and documentary realms .
Inspector - General Belgrave Ninnis CVO ( 1 September 1837 -- 18 June 1922 ) was a Royal Navy surgeon , surveyor , Arctic explorer , and leading Freemason , from London .
Sven Robert Morgan Alling ( born Persson : 8 June 1968 in Mölndal ) is a Swedish actor , screenwriter and film and theatre director .
Fulvio Bacchelli ( born 22 January 1951 in Trieste ) is a former Italian rally driver , who won Rally New Zealand in 1977 , a round of the World Rally Championship .
Rasul Makasharipov was a native of Dagestan 's south - western Tsumadinsky District , bordering Chechnya and inhabited by Caucasian Avars .
Taťána Kocembová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtacaːna ˈkotsembovaː ) ; born 2 May 1962 in Ostrava ) is a retired 400 metres runner who represented Czechoslovakia .
Otto Weidt was born on 2 May 1883 to Max Weidt and Auguste Weidt , née Grell , in Rostock .
David Mitton was born in Preston , East Lothian and educated at Strathallan School in Perthshire .
James McKeen Cattell ( May 25 , 1860 -- January 20 , 1944 ) , American psychologist , was the first professor of psychology in the United States at the University of Pennsylvania and long - time editor and publisher of scientific journals and publications , most notably the journal Science .
Geert Omloop ( born 12 February 1974 ) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist who was born in Herentals .
While attending Wilson High School in Tacoma , Marcus Trufant lettered in three varsity sports : football , basketball and track , capturing ninth at the State track meet in triple jump , with a leap of 14.50 meters .
Leo Steinberg was born in Moscow , Russia , the son of Isaac Nachman Steinberg , a lawyer , member of the Socialist Revolutionary Party in revolutionary Russia , and Commissar of Justice under Vladimir Lenin from 1917 to 1918 .
Kai Holst was born and grew up in the town of Lillehammer .
Steve Christoff grew up in Richfield , Minnesota and graduated from Richfield High School .
Mijat Marić ( born 30 April 1984 in Minusio ) is a Swiss footballer of Croatian descent , who currently plays for Belgian Pro League club Lokeren .
David Larsen ( born April 23 , 1980 ) is an American stage actor from Portland , Oregon .
Andrei Yevgenyevich Smirnov ( Russian : Андрей Евгеньевич Смирнов ; born 12 June 1980 in Navoloki , Ivanovo Oblast ) is a former Russian professional football player .
Aliza Olmert was born in a displaced persons camp in Eschwege , Germany .
Nikolaus Ehlen ( born 9 December 1886 in Graach an der Mosel , died 18 October 1965 in Velbert ) was a German pacifist teacher .
Jonis Agee ( born 31 May 1943 in Omaha , Nebraska ) is a writer of short stories , novels , essays , and screenplays .
Wang Hanlin ( Chinese : 王翰林 ; born 11 November 1989 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player .
Govind Nihalani ( born 19 December 1940 in Karachi ) is an Indian film director , cinematographer , screenwriter and producer , known for his works in Hindi cinema .
Born as Julie Wolf(f ) to a middle - class Jewish family , she later styled herself as Julie Wolfthorn after her city of birth Toruń .
Eric Halfvarson ( Aurora , Illinois December 1 , 1951 ) is an American operatic basso .
Born in Mogi das Cruzes , Anderson Marques come through the youth system of Grêmio .
Harshika Poonacha was born in Ammathi , a small village in Kodagu district of Karnataka as the only daughter to her parents .
Yampier Hernández Gonzales ( born 30 August 1984 in Havana ) is a Cuban boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics at junior flyweight .
Harold Bestwick was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Derby County .
Paul Carl Beiersdorf ( 26 March 1836 -- 17 December 1896 ) was a German pharmacist from Neuruppin , Brandenburg .
Pape Omar Faye ( born 1 January 1987 in Louga ) is a Senegalese football striker , who is playing for Thanh Hóa F.C. in the Vietnamese V - League .
Pandit Todarmal ( 1719 - -1766 ) was an eminent Indian scholar of Jainism and writer in Jaipur .
Selim Soydan ( born 1941 in Şişli , İstanbul ) was a Turkish football player of rivals Beşiktaş J.K. and Fenerbahçe .
Julia Watson was born on 13 September 1953 in Maesteg and brought up in the Derby area .
Jörg Pilawa ( born 7 September 1965 , in Hamburg ) is a German television presenter .
The Ali Mohsen Al - Moraisi Tournament has been played annually in his honour since 1992 , in cooperation with Aden Football Association .
In the course of the exchange , Moritz von Leonhardi had brought ethnographic , zoologic and botanic objects to Europe and gave them to several museums , especially the Museum for Ethnology in Frankfurt am Main ( today the Museum of World Cultures ) as well as the Senckenberg Research Institute .
Jason Chatfield ( born Perth , 1984- ) is an Australian editorial and comic strip cartoonist and stand - up comedian , based in New York .
Joey Bragg ( born July 20 , 1996 ) , is an American actor and comedian from the San Francisco Bay Area .
Meredith Ann Pierce ( born July 5 , 1958 in Seattle , Washington ) is a fantasy writer and librarian .
Born in Leicester and educated at Stoneygate House School in Leicester , Alfred Herbert became an apprentice at Joseph Jessop & Sons , crane builders in 1884 .
Mikael Bodlore - Penlaez ( born 1975 , Brest ) is a Breton author and cartographer .
Volodymyr Ferents ( Ukrainian : Володимир Ферентц ) was born on 12 July 1984 in Lviv , Ukraine ) and is a Ukrainian football defender .
Miriam Raquel Hernández Navarro ( born May 2 , 1965 in Ñuñoa , Santiago ) , popularly known as Myriam Hernández , is a Chilean singer - songwriter and television presenter .
Pamela Brooks ( born 11 February 1966 in Essex , England ) is a British writer of non - fiction books , she also writes romance novels under the pseudonym of Kate Hardy , and erotic novels as Lucinda Chester , Evelyn D'Arcy , Chelsea Miller and Pamela Rochford .
Claudio Sorrentino ( born 18 July 1945 in Rome ) is an Italian actor and voice actor .
Tyrone José González Oramas ( March 11 , 1988 -- January 20 , 2015 ) known by his stage name Canserbero , was a Venezuelan hip hop singer - songwriter originally from Caracas .
Aaron Norris ( born November 23 , 1951 in Gardena , California ) is an American film producer , director , and actor .
Jane Grant was born Jeanette Cole Grant in Joplin , Missouri , and grew up and went to school in Girard , Kansas .
Greg Owens ( born 27 January 1981 in Bathurst , New South Wales ) is an Australian footballer who plays for Bankstown City Lions in the NSW Premier League .
Anne Hegerty was born in 1958 in the City of Westminster , London , to Kenneth and Shirley Brereton Hegerty ( née Smith ; 1924 - -1993 ) .
Ernesto Padilla ( born in 1972 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban - American artist , graphic designer and cigar maker .
Hamad Ganayem ( Arabic : حمد غنايم‎ , Hebrew : חמד גנאים‎ ; born 8 July 1987 ) is an Arab - Israeli professional football ( soccer ) player who plays for Bnei Sakhnin .
Carlos Vilar Castex ( 9 June 1930 , Buenos Aires -- 15 February 2014 ) was an Argentinian sailor gold medallist in the Pan American Games and the Snipe World Championships .
Kristina Oblasova ( Russian : Кристина Обласова , born 11 September 1984 in Moscow ) is a retired Russian figure skater .
L Peter Deutsch or Peter Deutsch ( born Laurence Peter Deutsch , August 7 , 1946 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is the founder of Aladdin Enterprises and creator of Ghostscript , a free software PostScript and PDF interpreter .
Helen Blakeman ( born 1971 ) is a British playwright and screenwriter from Liverpool .
Cheryl Bentyne ( born January 17 , 1954 in Mount Vernon , Washington ) is a Grammy - winning singer best known as a member of the vocal quartet The Manhattan Transfer .
Andreas Syngros ( Greek : Ανδρέας Συγγρός ; October 12 , 1830 -- February 13 , 1899 ) was a Greek banker from Istanbul , at the time known internationally as Constantinople , and a philanthropist .
Jack Hillman was born in Tavistock , Devon , but it was in Lancashire that he made his reputation .
Niels Oude Kamphuis ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnils ˈʌu.də ˈkɑmp.ˌɦœy̯s ) ) ( born 14 November 1977 , in Hengelo ) is a retired Dutch footballer .
A member of the House of Wittelsbach , Ludwig Anton von Pfalz - Neuburg was born in Düsseldorf on 9 June 1660 .
Per Albin Hansson was born in Kulladal , a neighborhood in Malmö , Sweden on 28 October 1885 .
Marc Blume ( born 28 December 1973 in Lüdinghausen ) is a German sprinter who specialised in the 100 metres .
Johnny Micheal Spann was from the small town of Winfield , Alabama , the son of a real estate agent and his wife .
Rhonda Britten ( born Rhonda Wiitanen , December 1 , 1960 in Two Harbors , Minnesota ) is the founder of the Fearless Living Institute , an inspirational and life - changing speaker , bestselling author and actress .
Bryce Davison ( born January 29 , 1986 in Walnut Creek , California ) is an American - Canadian pair skater .
Alois Hudal was born on 31 May 1885 , the son of a shoemaker in the Austrian city of Graz , where he studied theology from 1904 through 1908 .
Franciszek Pius Radziwiłł ( 1 February 1878 in Rome -- 1 December 1944 ) was a Polish noble ( prince ) and political acitvist .
Vahan Artsruni ( born December 5 , 1965 , Yerevan ) is a modern Armenian rock musician , singer , composer and artist .
Stephan Hennen ( born 9 January 1990 in Duisburg ) is a German footballer who plays as a Defender for FSV Duisburg .
Johannes Klumpp ( born 17 December 1980 ) is a German conductor born in Stuttgart .
Born in New York City , Al Hansen was a friend to Yoko Ono and John Cage .
Romilly James Heald Jenkins ( Hitchin , Hertfordshire , 1907 -- 30 September 1969 ) was a British scholar in Byzantine and Modern Greek studies .
George Rodrigue ( March 13 , 1944 -- December 14 , 2013 ) was an American artist originally from New Iberia , Louisiana , who in the late 1960s began painting Louisiana landscapes , followed soon after by outdoor family gatherings and southwest Louisiana 19th century and early 20th century genre scenes .
Marcus Ljungqvist ( born October 26 , 1974 in Falun ) is a Swedish former professional road bicycle racer .
Michael Hübner ( born April 8 , 1959 in Chemnitz ) is a German former professional sprint track cyclist , who became world champion in sprint , Keirin and team sprint .
The Daoguang Emperor was born in the Forbidden City , Beijing , and was given the name Mianning ( 绵宁 ; 綿寧 ; Miánníng ; Mien - ning ) .
Oumar Ben Salah ( born 2 July 1964 in Abidjan ) , is a former Ivorian international football Midfielder .
Simone Esposito ( born May 24 , 1990 in Turin ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for Pro Settimo in the Serie D.
Martin Haselböck ( born 23 November 1954 in Vienna ) is the musical director of Musica Angelica in ( Long Beach ) ) , California , and the musical director and founder of the Orchester Wiener Akademie .
Sofia Minson was born in Auckland , New Zealand and spent her childhood living in Samoa , New Zealand , China and Sri Lanka due to her father 's engineering project management work .
Norman Bodell ( born 29 January 1938 in Oldham , Lancashire ) is an English former professional footballer , coach , manager and scout .
Herbert Ninaus ( 31 March 1937 in Voitsberg - 24 April 2015 ) was an Austrian - Australian international Football player and manager .
Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus , born 20 January 1911 in The Hague , died May 18 , 2003 in Oegstgeest , was a Dutch mycologist .
Lorenzo Canozzi or Canozio ( 1425 - -1477 ) , also called Lorenzo da Lendinara , was an Italian painter of the Renaissance .
Crystal Renn ( born June 18 , 1986 in Miami , Florida ) is an American fashion model and author .
Justin Hines is a Canadian singer - songwriter who was born in Newmarket , Ontario .
Angiolo Profeti ( Castelfiorentino , 23 May 1918 -- Ferrara , 1981 ) , was an Italian shot putter and discus thrower .
Mark Damon Espinoza ( born in Beaumont , Texas ) played `` Jesse Vasquez '' in the TV series Beverly Hills , 90210 from 1993 to 1995 .
Sabina Grzimek ( born 12 November 1942 in Rome ; also spelled Sabine ) is a German sculptor .
Jonathan Duhamel ( born August 24 , 1987 ) is a Canadian poker professional from Boucherville , Quebec , best known as the winner of the Main Event at the 2010 World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) .
Johnathan Aparecido da Silva , commonly known as Johnathan ( born 29 March 1990 in Fernandópolis ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for South Korean side Daegu FC .
Caddy Adzuba , ( born 5 April 1981 Bukavu ) , is a Congolese Lawyer and journalist , and activist for women 's rights .
Daniel Lothrop was born in Rochester , Strafford County , New Hampshire , August 11 , 1831 , son of Daniel and Sophia ( Home ) Lothrop , the youngest of three brothers .
Roderich Menzel was born in Reichenberg ( Czech : Liberec ) , Bohemia , an advanced industrial city of Austria - Hungary Empire .
Born in Bukavu , Sud - Kivu , on March 4 , 1959 , Vital Kamerhe Lwa Kanyiginyi Nkingi is the son of Constantin Kamerhe Kanyginyi and Alphonsine Mwa Nkingi .
Anca Măroiu ( née Băcioiu , born August 5 , 1983 in Craiova ) is a Romanian épée fencer .
Pavel Kravař was probably a native of Kravaře , Opava District , Silesia , now part of the Czech Republic .
Jason Canela ( born April 25 , 1992 in Miami , Florida ) is an American actor of Cuban descent , best known for his roles in telenovelas .
Marilou Awiakta ( born January 24 , 1936 , Knoxville , Tennessee ) is an Eastern Band Cherokee author .
Leonardo Vaca Gutiérrez ( born November 24 , 1995 , in Santa Cruz de la Sierra ) is a Bolivian football striker currently playing for Blooming in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
Andrew Barisic ( Croatian : Andrew Barisić ; born 22 March 1986 in Canberra , ACT ) is a Croatian Australian footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Eastern .
William Case ( August 10 , 1818 -- April 19 , 1862 ) was an American politician of the Republican party and served as the 12th mayor of Cleveland , Ohio from 1850 and 1851 .
Born in Berkeley , California , Alvarez is the son of Luis Walter Alvarez , a Nobel prize - winner in physics .
Thaïs apparently came from Athens and accompanied Alexander throughout his campaign in Asia Minor .
Milad Salem Fakhri ( Persian : میلاد سالم‎‎ ) ( born 3 March 1988 in Kabul ) is an Afghan footballer who currently plays for Holstein Kiel .
George Lemuel Woods was born July 30 , 1832 in Boone County , Missouri , the second of four boys born to Caleb Woods and the former Margaret McBride .
Hussein Dakik ( born 10 November 1988 ) in Lebanon is a Lebanese football ( soccer ) player who plays as a Midfielder .
John Relish ( born 5 October 1953 in Huyton , Lancashire ) is an English football manager and former player , who previously managed Conference South side Bath City before moving aside to develop a football academy at the club in October 2008 .
Christine Berrie is a Scottish illustrator and artist based in Glasgow .
Joaquim Alberto Silva ( born 4 March 1974 in Luanda ) , known as Quinzinho , is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a striker .
Reinhard Süring ( 15 May 1866 - 29 December 1950 ) was a German meteorologist who was a native of Hamburg .
Simone Balli ( born c. 1580 in Florence ) was an Italian painter of the 17th century .
Phathizwe Sacolo ( born 11 June 1991 in Johannesburg ) is a professional football player for Ajax Cape Town .
John I ve Sulentic , also known as I ve Sulentic or Johnny Sulentic ( born 24 December 1979 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a former Canadian professional soccer player who last played for Croatia SC and currently coaches the Under-12 team of Mountain WFC .
Jacob Stout ( 1764 -- November 1 , 1855 ) was an American manufacturer and politician from Little Creek Hundred , in Kent County , Delaware .
Jair da Costa ( born 9 July 1940 in Santo André , São Paulo ) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a right winger .
Melanie Marquez was born and grew - up in Mabalacat , Pampanga .
Andriy Fedorenko ( Ukrainian : Андрій Степанович Федоренко , born 9 January 1984 in Chernihiv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) , is a Ukrainian football player .
Rodger Dean Duncan ( born in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) is an American author and business consultant whose focus is leadership , human performance , and the strategic management of change .
Romano Cagnoni ( born in Pietrasanta , Italy ) is an Italian photographer who spent most of his professional life based in London .
František Bublan ( born 13 January 1951 in Třebíč ) is a former Czech dissident , in 2004 named Minister of the Interior for Stanislav Gross 's Social Democratic Party government .
Born Andre Johnson in Newark , New Jersey , Andre J. was raised by a single mother in a housing project called Academy Spires For several years in the early 2000s , he lived in Los Angeles , California .
Laura Cepeda ( Monterrey , México ( born June 24 , 1953 ) is a Spanish actress .
Petrus Gonsalvus ( Pedro Gonzalez ) , referred to by Ulisse Aldrovandi as `` the man of the woods , '' was born in 1537 in Tenerife .
Chip Tsao ( born 17 August 1958 ) , also known by his pen name To Kit , is a multilingual Hong Kong - based columnist , broadcaster , and writer .
Santiago Daniel Martinez Roa ( born 16 August 1995 in Limpio ) is an Paraguayn football player who plays for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga as a Midfielder .
Blake Gibbons ( born June 21 , 1961 in Kern County , California ) is an American actor with a recurring role as Coleman on the long running Daytime television serial General Hospital .
Barbara Albert ( born 1970 in Vienna ) is an Austrian writer , film - producer and film - director .
Sextus Afranius Burrus ( born AD 1 in Vasio , Gallia Narbonensis ; died AD 62 ) was a prefect of the Praetorian Guard and was , together with Seneca the Younger , an advisor to the Roman emperor Nero , making him a very powerful man in the early years of Nero 's reign .
Pushpa Basnet ( Nepali : पुष्पा बस्नेत ) is a social worker and the Founder / President of Early Childhood Development Center ( ECDC ) and Butterfly Home , non - profit organizations , in Kathmandu , Nepal .
Irmgard Möller ( also spelled Irmgard Moeller ) ( born 13 May 1947 , Bielefeld , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a former German militant and was a member of the Red Army Faction ( RAF ) .
Maria Farantouri or Farandouri ( Greek : Μαρία Φαραντούρη ; born 28 November 1947 in Athens ) is a Greek singer and also a political and cultural activist .
Sajjad Barzi ( Persian : سجاد برزی‎ ; born March 5 , 1981 in Tehran ) is a retired amateur Iranian Greco - Roman wrestler , who competed in the men 's super heavyweight category .
Daisy Curwen ( born 6 December 1889 in Liverpool , Merseyside ; details of death unknown ) is a former British swimmer is a former world record holder in the 100 m freestyle .
Johann Dominicus Fiorillo ( 13 October 1748 -- 10 September 1821 ) was a German painter and historian of art . Fiorillo , a son of Italian composer Ignazio Fiorillo , was born at Hamburg .
Jim Corcoran ( born 10 February 1949 in Sherbrooke , Quebec ) is a Canadian ( Quebecois ) singer - songwriter and broadcaster .
Vesna Trivalić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Весна Тривалић , born on 13 March 1965 in Belgrade ) is a famous Serbian actress .
Jean - Jacques Kodjo , a.k.a . Zoxea , was born on November 11 , 1974 in Sèvres , Hauts - de - Seine .
Patterk Netser ( born in Coral Harbour , Nunavut ) is a Canadian politician , who was the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Nanulik in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut from 2004 to 2008 .
Martin Lopez ( born May 20 , 1978 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish - Uruguayan drummer , currently a member and co - founder of progressive metal supergroup Soen , but is best known as the ex - drummer of Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth and melodic death metal band Amon Amarth .
Janaka Stucky ( born Jonathan Stucky , March 23 , 1978 ) is an American poet , performer , independent - press publisher , and impresario , based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Jaime Lyn Bauer ( born Norma Marvhne Bauer on March 9 , 1949 in Phoenix , Arizona ) is an American soap opera actress .
Mohamed Charfi ( 11 October 1936 in Sfax -- 8 June 2008 ) was a well - known academic and politician .
Scottie Pippen was born on September 25 , 1965 , in Hamburg , Arkansas , the youngest of 12 children born to Ethel and Preston Pippen ( June 9 , 1920 -- May 10 , 1990 ) .
Zbigniew Preisner was born in Bielsko - Biała , and studied history and philosophy in Kraków .
Markus Haris Maulana or Muhammad Haris Maulana ( born Markus Horison Ririhina on 14 March 1981 in Pangkalan Brandan , North Sumatra ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesian Premier League .
Martin Hairer FRS ( born 14 November 1975 in Geneva ) is an Austrian mathematician working in the field of stochastic analysis , in particular stochastic partial differential equations .
Kayode Maria Söderberg Shekoni ( born 17 April 1964 , in Järfälla Municipality ) , better known as Kayo Shekoni , or just Kayo , is a Swedish pop / dance singer , TV personality and actress of Nigerian descent .
Paul Hartnoll ( born 19 May 1968 , Dartford , Kent , England , and grew up in Sevenoaks ) is one of two brothers ( the other being Phil Hartnoll ) , who make up the electronic dance act Orbital .
Francesco Guicciardini was born 6 March 1483 in Florence , now in Italy ; he was the third of eleven children of Piero di Iacopo Guicciardini and Simona di Bongianni Gianfigliazzi .
Bingen Fernández Bustinza ( born December 15 , 1972 in Bermeo , Basque Country ) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer , who last rode for Cofidis .
Miranda Hill ( Wisbech 1836 - -1910 ) was an English social reformer .
Born in Zagreb on 28 August 1924 , Berislav Klobučar was a student of the Croatian conductor Lovro von Matačić .
Siri Hustvedt attended public school in her hometown Northfield , Minnesota and received a degree from the Cathedral School in Bergen , Norway , in 1973 .
Gustavo Uruguay Graffigna also known as Uri Banhoffer ( born January 14 , 1948 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played for clubs in Uruguay , Chile , the Netherlands and the United States .
Rajiv Joseph was born and raised in Cleveland , Ohio ; his mother is Euroamerican of French and German ancestry and his father is of Indian ancestry and immigrated to the States from India .
John of la Rochelle , O.F.M. ( also known as Jean de La Rochelle , John of Rupella , and Johannes de Rupella ) ( c. 1200 - 8 February 1245 ) , was a French Franciscan and theologian .
John Carter Cash owns and operates Cash Productions , LLC and the Cash Cabin Studio near Nashville , in Hendersonville , Tennessee .
Borna Sosa ( born 21 January 1998 ) is a Croatian footballer playing for Dinamo Zagreb in Prva HNL as a left back .
Eugenios Eugenidis was born in Didymoteicho , Thrace on 22 December 1882 , the son of Agapios Eugenidis , a senior judge in the Ottoman Empire , and of Charikleia Afentaki .
Adolf of Osnabrück , O.Cist ( also known as Adolphus , Adolph , Adolf of Tecklenburg ) , was born in Tecklenburg about 1185 , a member of the family of the Counts of Tecklenburg in the Duchy of Westphalia .
Etsuro Sotoo ( born 1953 in Fukuoka Prefecture ) is a Japanese sculptor strongly influenced by Antoni Gaudí .
Eva Leanza Cornett ( born June 10 , 1971 in Big Stone Gap , Virginia ; raised in Jacksonville , Florida ) is an American television personality and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Florida in 1992 and Miss America in 1993 .
Rebecca Blasband was born and raised in New Hope , Pennsylvania to a psychiatrist father and a German immigrant mother who runs an antique store in Philadelphia , to which her family moved to when Blasband was thirteen .
Jocelyne Labylle ( born 1973 in Saint - Claude , Guadeloupe ) is a Guadeloupean zouk musician .
Dale Steyn grew up in the small town of Phalaborwa on the border of the world - famous wildlife haven , the Kruger National Park .
Anna Blyth ( born 15 May 1988 ) is an English racing cyclist from Leeds .
Steven Severin ( born Steven John Bailey , 25 September 1955 , Highgate , London ) , is an English musician , composer , bassist and co - founding member of Siouxsie and the Banshees .
Anita Ekberg was born on 29 September , 1931 , in Malmö , Skåne , the sixth of eight children of Gustav Fredrik Ekberg by the former Alva Maria Larsson .
Roberto Vittori ( born 15 October 1964 in Viterbo ) is an Italian air force officer and an ESA astronaut .
Patri Friedman ( born July 29 , 1976 in Blacksburg , Virginia ) is an American libertarian activist and theorist of political economy .
Karen Robards ( born August 24 , 1954 in Louisville , Kentucky ) is a best - selling author of over thirty romance novels .
James Fearnley ( born 9 October 1954 , Worsley ) is an English musician .
Jovo Mišeljić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Joвo Mишeљић ; born October 15 , 1967 in Trebinje ) is a Bosnian Serb former football player .
Ernst Haeckel was born on 16 February 1834 , in Potsdam ( then part of Prussia ) .
Monty Don was born in Berlin , to British parents , Denis T. K. Don , a career soldier posted in Germany , and Janet Montagu ( née Wyatt ) .
Frederick Howard Buller , an aeronautical engineer , was born in Vancouver , British Columbia on May 25 , 1914 .
Hongi Hika was born at Kaikohe into one of the chiefly families of the Ngāpuhi , being a son of rangatira Te Hotete .
Shane Brennan ( born 1957 , Bendigo , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian - born U.S .- based television writer and producer , best known as the executive producer of the American CBS drama NCIS , as well as the creator of the NCIS spin - off series , NCIS :
Alan M. Kent ( born 1967 , St Austell , Cornwall ) is a Cornish poet , dramatist , novelist , editor , academic and teacher .
Israel Donalson was born February 2 , 1767 at Hunterdon County , New Jersey , and soon was moved to Cumberland County , New Jersey .
Francisco de Paula González Vigil was born into a family that was living in Tacna after migrating from the province .
Cornelio Sommaruga ( born December 29 , 1932 in Rome ) is a prominent Swiss humanitarian , lawyer and diplomat who is best known for being President of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) from 1987 to 1999 .
Vija Celmins ( pronounced VEE - ya SELL - muns ) was born on October 25 , 1938 , in Riga , Latvia .
David Dean Shulman ( born January 13 , 1949 in Waterloo , Iowa ) is an Indologist and regarded as one of the world 's foremost authorities on the languages of India .
Denys Vasin ( Ukrainian : Денис Геннадійович Васін ; born 4 March 1989 in Odessa , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football forward who played for Karpaty Lviv .
Robert de Wilde ( born April 30 , 1977 in Kampen ) is a Dutch professional `` Mid / Current School '' Bicycle Motocross ( BMX ) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1990 - -2003 .
Ana María Lazo , commonly known as Mimí Lazo , ( born November 23 , 1954 in Caracas ) is a Venezuelan film , television and theatrical actress and producer .
Giorgio Roselli ( born October 1 , 1957 in Montone ) is an Italian professional football coach of Pavia and a former player .
Gaspar de Crayer was born in Antwerp as the son of Gaspard de Crayer the Elder , a decorative painter , illuminator and art dealer .
Geoffrey Dernis ( born December 24 , 1980 in Grande - Synthe ) is a French football midfielder who last played for AEL in the Greek Football League as a midfielder .
Wilma Leona Jackson was born to Roy and Carrie ( Furnas ) Class in Union , Ohio in 1909 .
Ursula Neugebauer ( * 13 December 1960 in Hamm /Westfalen ) is a German artist .
Russell Johnston was born in Edinburgh and educated at Portree High School on the Isle of Skye .
Kamil Kopúnek started his career with his local club , Spartak Trnava .
Sonny Red ( December 17 , 1932 , in Detroit as Sylvester Kyner Jr. -- March 20 , 1981 ) was an American jazz alto saxophonist associated with the hard bop idiom among other styles .
David Fenech is a French composer , guitarist and singer born on 19 July 1969 in Saint - Cloud , Hauts - de - Seine .
Hermann Usener was born at Weilburg and educated at its Gymnasium .
Dylan Keefe ( born April 11 , 1970 in Minneapolis , Minnesota ) is the bassist and one of the founding members of the multi - platinum selling alternative rock band Marcy Playground .
A great - grandson of the 19th - century Archbishop of Sydney William Saumarez Smith and son of William Hanbury Saumarez Smith , a former Indian civil servant , Charles Saumarez Smith was born in an old rectory in the Wiltshire village of Redlynch , near Salisbury .
Born in Montluçon , René Marx Dormoy ( called Marx ) attended local schools and became active in politics .
Venus Ramey ( born September 26 , 1924 , Ashland , Kentucky ) left Kentucky to work for the war effort in Washington , DC , and won the Miss District of Columbia pageant and then became Miss America in 1944 .
Yuan Lin started his career at Guangzhou Apollo youth team at the age of 12 , however he was unable to graduate into the senior team at the end of the 1996 league season .
Tomáš Zmoray ( born 26 July 1989 in Banská Bystrica ) is a Slovak ski jumper who has competed since 2005 .
Keshia Knight Pulliam was born in Newark , New Jersey , the daughter of Denise and James Pulliam , Sr . , a manager .
Vincent Guignery ( born 18 August 1978 in Sainte - Adresse , Seine - Maritime ) is a retired French footballer who played as a left - back .
Stephanie Anne Mills ( born March 7 , 1979 ) is a Canadian voice actress from Edmonton , Alberta .
John Burgoyne was born in Sutton , Bedfordshire , location of the Burgoyne baronets family home Sutton Manor , on 24 February 1722 .
Lenny McLean was born into a large working - class family in Hoxton in the East End of London .
Ludolph van Ceulen ( , ; 28 January 1540 -- 31 December 1610 ) was a German - Dutch mathematician from Hildesheim .
Stuart Syvret is a political activist in Jersey .
Bert Oosterbosch ( born Eindhoven , July 30 , 1957 , died Lekkerkerk , August 18 , 1989 ) was a Dutch racing cyclist .
Susanna Kearsley ( born in Brantford , Ontario ) is a New York Times best selling Canadian novelist of historical fiction and mystery , as well as thrillers under the pen name Emma Cole .
Raised in Venice , Moony was first noticed singing in the Venetian club scene and was asked to provide vocals for a number of songs by DJ and producer Cristiano Spiller .
Johnny Jack Nounes , also known as the `` Beau Brummell of Galveston '' , was an organized crime boss in Galveston , Texas , United States , during the early 1900s .
Malachi Pearson is an American actor ( born June 12 , 1981 , in San Luis Obispo County , California , United States ) .
Larisa Reisner was born in Lublin , Poland , into the family of Michael Andreevich Reisner , a law professor in Lublin , and Ekaterina Alexandrovna Khitrova .
Ronald Goedemondt ( Tegelen , 1975 ) is a Dutch comedian .
Lothar Popp was born 7 February 1887 in the small German town Furth i m Wald as son of a lower public servant ( royal Bavarian station master ) ; he was Catholic by denomination but left church later .
Utpal Dutt was born on March 29 , 1929 in Hindu Kayastha family in Barisal .
Simon Sheikh ( born 1986 in Sydney ) was the National Director of the Australian political organisation GetUp ! from 2008 to 2012 .
Blessed John of Fermo , O.F.M. , more often called John of La Verna , from his time spent on that mountain ( 1259 -- 10 August 1322 ) was an Italian Franciscan friar , who was a noted ascetic and preacher .
Boško Buha was born into a Croatian Serb family in the Slavonian village of Gradina , near Virovitica in today 's Croatia .
John Francis O'Driscoll ( September 20 , 1921 in Cork , Ireland -- March 11 , 1988 in Swansea , Wales ) , commonly referred to as Jackie O'Driscoll , is a former Irish footballer who played as a winger for several teams in the League of Ireland .
Morhad Amdouni ( born 21 January 1988 in Porto - Vecchio ) is a French middle- and long - distance runner .
Dimitar Andonov was born in 1871 in Stara Zagora , then part of the Ottoman Empire .
Thomas Joseph Hutchinson ( 1820 - -85 ) was an Anglo - Irish explorer , born at Stonyford County Kilkenny Ireland .
Joseph Wayne McVey ( born January 19 , 1977 ) , better known by his stage names Z - Ro and The Mo City Don , is an American rapper from Houston , Texas .
Charlie Newman ( 28 February 1857 -- 28 September 1922 ) was a Welsh international three - quarter who played club rugby for Newport .
Johann Friedrich Anthing was born on 26 May 1753 in Gotha ( then in the Saxe - Coburg Duchy , now in Thuringia ) .
Catherine Bruhier was born in Belize , Central America ( formerly British Honduras ) .
Mark Collicott is an English film director and writer from Wadebridge , Cornwall .
Antoni Aleksander Iliński was born in the town of Žilina ( Ilina ) , in Hungary .
Uwe Wassmer ( born January 22 , 1966 in Wehr , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German former footballer who played as a striker during the 1980s and 1990s .
Cansu Dere ( Turkish pronunciation : ( dʒanˈsu deˈɾe ) ) ( born on October 14 , 1980 in Ankara ) is a Turkish film and television actress , model , and beauty pageant runner - up .
A London native with ancestry from India and Greece , Kavita Channe moved to South Florida at the age of 5 with her parents and 2 sisters .
Irene Montalà is a Spanish actress born in the district of Nou Barris from Barcelona .
Richard Bitner ( born 1966 in Los Angeles ) is an American author and publisher in the mortgage loan industry .
Jacqueline Rouvier ( born 26 October 1949 in Notre - Dame - de - Bellecombe ) is a French alpine ski racer .
Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei ( March 23 , 1811 , Recanati , Marche -- April 21 , 1883 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Donna Deitch ( born June 8 , 1945 in San Francisco , California ) is an American film and television director best known for her 1986 film Desert Hearts .
Charles Bécart de Granville et de Fonville ( bapt . May 31 , 1675 -- January 2 , 1703 ) was a king 's attorney , draughtsman , and cartographer at Quebec City .
Morehead was born in Flintstone , Taylor County , Georgia on August 7 , 1909 to Albert Hodges Morehead I ( 1854 - -1922 ) and Bianca Noa ( 1874 - -1945 ) .
Laurenţiu Florin Popete ( born 27 December 1977 , Târgu - Jiu ) is a Romanian professional football player , currently a free agent .
Lorenza Bonaccorsi ( born July 20 , 1968 in Rome ) , she is graduated in Economic History at the University of Milan .
Kisha Ford ( born April 4 , 1975 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is a former WNBA player for the New York Liberty , Orlando Miracle , and the Miami Sol . She played college basketball at Georgia Tech , where she was the all - time leading scorer in team history .
Boy van Poppel ( born 18 January 1988 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist .
Katie Rees ( born Katherine Nicole Rees on August 11 , 1984 in St. Petersburg , Florida ) is a former beauty queen from the United States who was crowned Miss Nevada USA 2007 .
Constantine Gregory ( born Constantine Liebert or Leebaert , September 16 , 1942 in New York City ) is an American actor and dialect coach .
Pierius was a Christian priest and probably head of the Catechetical School of Alexandria , conjointly with Achillas .
Lorenzo Sebastiani ( born 28 September 1988 - dead 6 April 2009 ) was an Italian rugby union player who played prop for L'Aquila Rugby .
Evelina Papantoniou , ( Greek : Εβελίνα Παπαντωνίου ) born June 7 , 1979 in Athens , is a Greek fashion model and actress .
Arvydas Janonis ( Kėdainiai , 6 November 1960 ) is a former Lithuanian footballer .
Wilhelm Theodor Schiefler was born on March 5 , 1828 in Hanover , as the son of the chamber auditor August Schiefler and his wife , born Tovothe .
Jan Kucharzewski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjan kuxaˈʐɛfskʲi ) ; 27 May 1876 , Wysokie Mazowieckie -- 4 July 1952 ) was a Polish historian , lawyer , and politician .
Marco Vannini ( born March 3 , 1943 in Florence ) is Professor of Invertebrate Zoology at the Department of Evolutionary Biology L. Pardi of the University of Florence .
Claudia Liliana González is a Colombian actress , born 1970 in Cali .
Avery Millard Powers III ( born December 24 , 1965 in Greensboro , North Carolina ) is an American musician , songwriter , record producer , and Grammy - nominated recording engineer .
Leigh Michaels is the pseudonym used by LeAnn Lemberger ( born July 27 , 1954 in Iowa , United States ) , a popular United States writer of over 80 romance novels .
Alon Mizrahi ( Hebrew : אלון מזרחי‎ ; born November 22 , 1971 ) is an Israeli former professional footballer that has played in several clubs throughout Europe , including Nice , Maccabi Tel Aviv , Hapoel Tel Aviv , Hapoel Be'er Sheva , Maccabi Haifa and Beitar Jerusalem .
Giannicola di Paolo ( c. 1460 - -1544 ) , also known as Giannicola di Paolo Manni or Smicca , was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Perugia .
Robert van Gulik was born in Zutphen , the son of a medical officer in the Dutch army of what was then called the Dutch East Indies ( modern - day Indonesia ) .
Tanisha Thomas ( born August 28 , 1985 in Brooklyn , New York ) is a reality television participant .
Luigi Borgato ( Gallarate ,
Mark Vincent Woodford ( born May 24 , 1984 in Madison , Wisconsin , United States ) , better known by his stage name The Audible Doctor is a Brooklyn - based American record producer and underground rapper .
Morris Edward Opler ( May 3 , 1907 -- May 13 , 1996 ) , American anthropologist and advocate of Japanese American civil rights , was born in Buffalo , New York .
Riccardo Nobili ( Florence , 1859 - Venice , 1939 ) was an Italian painter , writer , and antiquarian .
Epitácio Pessoa was born in Umbuzeiro , a small town in the state of Paraíba .
Vi Huyền Đắc ( Hải Ninh , today part of Quảng Ninh , 18 December 1899 - 16 August 1976 ) was a Vietnamese playwright .
María Concepción Paredes Tamayo ( born 19 July 1970 in Palencia ) is a retired Spanish athlete who specialised in the triple jump .
Georges Feydeau was born in Paris , the son of novelist Ernest - Aimé Feydeau and Léocadie Boguslawa Zalewska .
After being replaced in command of this fleet , Teleutias returned to Sparta to great acclaim , and was soon sent out again to take command of a fleet on the island of Aegina .
She was born as Catherine Uhlmyer in Manhattan , New York .
Born to a Thomas T. Morgan , a coal miner , and his wife , Margaret , of Penygraig in the Rhondda , research in the The Oxford Companion to the Literature of Wales states that an Owen Morgan was born to a Thomas Morgan and Margaret ( née Owen ) and christened in 1836 .
Otis Livingston is a weekday sports anchor at WCBS - TV in New York City .
Adelaide Cole Chase ( born in Boston , Massachusetts ) was an American portrait painter .
Fritz Kalkbrenner ( Born 1981 in Berlin ) is a German DJ and music producer .
Lynda Lemay ( born 25 July 1966 in Portneuf , Quebec ) is a Canadian francophone singer - songwriter .
Andrei Purgin is a Ukrainian activist , cofounder of the Donetsk Republic organization along with Aleksandr Tsurkan and Oleg Frolov .
Yang Kunpeng ( simplified Chinese : 杨鲲鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 楊鯤鵬 ; pinyin : Yáng Kūnpéng ; born November 21 , 1978 in Qingdao ) is a Chinese football player .
Jules Crevaux was born on April 1 , 1847 in the north - eastern French town of Lorquin .
Waise Lee Chi - hung ( born 19 December 1959 ) is a Hong Kong film and television actor best known for playing the roles of villains and antagonists in various films .
Rauf Lala ( Urdu : رؤف لالہ ) ( born 1970 in Larkana , Sindh , Pakistan ) is a popular Pakistani comedian , actor , writer , and producer .
Troy Glasgow ( born in Waterloo , London ) attended The Brit school in 2001 , graduating in 2003 .
Cameron Stout ( born 8 March 1971 in Stromness , Orkney ) was the winner of Big Brother 2003 .
Philip Pullman was born in Norwich , England , the son of Audrey Evelyn Pullman ( née Merrifield ) and Royal Air Force pilot Alfred Outram Pullman .
Diyan Petkov Dimov ( Bulgarian : Диян Петков Димов ; born 4 August 1967 in Burgas ) is a former Bulgarian footballer and currently manager .
The oldest of seven children , Raymond Hunthausen was born in Anaconda , Montana , to Anthony Gerhardt and Edna Marie ( née Tuchscherer ) Hunthausen .
Pieter Lodewijk Muller was born in Koog aan de Zaan ( now in Zaanstad ) , the third son of Christiaan Muller ( 1813 - 1896 ) and Isabella Muller de Cercq ( 1814 - -1844 ) .
Lee Harvey Oswald was born in New Orleans , Louisiana , on October 18 , 1939 , to World War I veteran Robert Edward Lee Oswald , Sr . ( March 4 , 1896 -- August 19 , 1939 ) and Marguerite Frances Claverie ( July 19 , 1907 -- January 17 , 1981 ) .
Susy Andersen ( born Maria Antonietta Golgi ; 20 . April 1940 in Pula ) is an Italian actress .
Rama Ravi was born to Thulasi and M.R. Subramania Iyer , on 12 February 1943 in Chennai .
André Marquis ( 24 October 1883 - 15 October 1957 ) was a French Vichyist admiral , famous for the scuttling of the French fleet in Toulon .
Dionysios Mantalos ( Greek : Διονύσιος Μάνταλος ; born Neo Psychiko , Athens , 1952 ) is the current Metropolitan bishop of Corinth .
Maria Clara Giai Pron ( born 31 July 1992 in Turin ) is an Italian slalom canoer .
Karl Herxheimer ( June 26 , 1861 - December 6 , 1942 ) was a German - Jewish dermatologist who was a native of Wiesbaden .
Andrea Migno ( born 10 January 1996 in Cattolica ) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer .
Ref Sanchez ( born Refugio Sanchez in Arizona , 1917 ; died 1986 ) was an American actor who appeared mostly in television shows in smaller acting parts .
Roger Kaiser was an Indiana All - Star player for the Dale ( High School ) Golden Aces of Dale , Indiana and played collegiately at Georgia Tech . Roger started on the Dale High varsity for 4 seasons , leading the Golden Aces to a record of 71 - 24 ; 2 Sectional titles and 2 PAC championships .
Michael Loew ( May 8 , 1907 -- November 14 , 1985 ) was an American Abstract Expressionist artist who was born in New York City .
Fred Channell ( born 5 May 1910 in Edmonton -- died 1975 ) was a professional footballer who played for Harwich & Parkeston , Haywards Heath , Peterborough & Fletton United , Northfleet United and Tottenham Hotspur .
Beri Smither ( born June 22 , 1971 in Salem , Oregon ) is an American model .
Maria del Pilar Cordero , better known as Mapy Cortés ( Santurce , San Juan , Puerto Rico March 1 , 1910 -- Isla Verde , Puerto Rico August 2 , 1998 ) was Puerto Rican dancer and film and television actress who participated in many films during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema .
Hamid Drake was born in 1955 in Monroe , Louisiana , and his family moved to Evanston , Illinois when he was a child , just as an older musician from Monroe named Fred Anderson also moved to Evanston , with his family .
Sébastien Grax ( born 23 June 1984 in Le Creusot , Saône - et - Loire ) is a French footballer who is currently unattached .
Campbell McMurray ( 27 June 1893 -- ? ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a half - back or a full back in the Football League for Hull City and New Brighton , in non - League football for Workington and York City and in Scottish football for Vale of Leven , Strathclyde and Glasgow Ashfield .
Martin Roman ( 23 April 1910 in Berlin -- 12 May 1996 ) was a German jazz pianist .
Jean Garrigue ( December 8 , 1912 , Evansville , Indiana -- December 27 , 1972 , Boston , Massachusetts ) was an honored , widely read , and imitated poet during her lifetime .
Bernadette Kanter is a French sculptor born in Saint - Étienne - du - Rouvray ( Normandy ) in 1950 , her preferred material is bronze .
Charlotte Wolff was born in Riesenburg , West Prussia ( now Prabuty , Poland ) into a liberal middle - class Jewish family .
Nyi Pu was born Ba Htay on 12 September 1900 in Prome ( Pyay ) , the second son of Ba Nyunt and Nyein Shin during the British colonial era .
Vincenzo Loria ( Salerno , September 4 , 1850 -- 1939 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly as a watercolor artist in Naples .
Petr Sedov ( born August 24 , 1990 in Sarov , Russian SFSR ) is a Russian cross - country skier who participated in his first World Cup in March 2009 in Lahti .
Greg Devorski ( born August 3 , 1969 in Guelph , Ontario ) is a National Hockey League linesman since the 1993 - -94 NHL season , who wears uniform number 54 since the 1994 - -95 NHL season .
Red Haircrow was born in Frankfurt , Germany , and resides in Berlin , Germany , and previously worked in law enforcement .
Patricia Krenwinkel was born in Los Angeles , California to an insurance - salesman father and a homemaker mother .
Giovanni Marchese di Provera , or Johann Provera , born c. 1736 -- died 5 July 1804 , served in the Austrian army in Italy during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Martina Bischof ( born Martina Fischer on 23 November 1957 in Berlin ) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Rachel Fuller Brown was born on November 23 , 1898 in Springfield , Massachusetts to parents George Hamilton Brown , a real estate and insurance agent , and Annie Fuller , a director of religious education .
Subiksha was born as Abinaya to Krishnamoorthi and Lavanya in Bellary , Karnataka .
Gustaf Söderström ( November 25 , 1865 , Stockholm -- November 12 , 1958 ) was a Swedish athlete and tug of war competitor .
Born in Wylam in 1786 , Timothy Hackworth was the eldest son of John Hackworth who occupied the position of foreman blacksmith at Wylam Colliery until his death in 1804 ; the father had already acquired a considerable reputation as a mechanical worker and boiler maker .
Rustam Sharipov ( born June 2 , 1971 in Dushanbe , Tajik SSR ) is a Ukrainian gymnast and Olympic champion .
Sumbul Iqbal ( Urdu : سنبل اقبال‎ ) ( born August 30 , 1990 Karachi ) is a Pakistani actress and model .
William F. Cogswell ( July 15 , 1819 -- December 24 , 1903 ) was a portrait painter who was born in Fabius , New York .
John Hick was born on 20 January 1922 to a middle - class family in Scarborough , England .
Gordon Chan Kar - Seung ( simplified Chinese : 陈嘉上 ; traditional Chinese : 陳嘉上 ; pinyin : Chén Jiāshàng ) , born in 1960 , is a Hong Kong film director , writer and producer .
Tor - Arne Fredheim ( born 5 November 1962 in Hallstahammar ) is a Swedish football manager who currently is managing Assyriska FF .
Eugène Hénaff ' was born on 30 October 1904 in Spézet , Brittany , to a family of farm laborers .
A native of Stockholm , Dennis Östlundh , who is 184 cm . ( just under 6 ft . 1 in . )
Panagiotis Triadis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Τριάδης ; born 9 September 1992 in Herdecke ) is a Greek footballer .
René Spies ( born 5 July 1973 in Winterberg , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German bobsledder who competed from 1991 to 2006 .
Alessandro Benetton ( Treviso , March 2 , 1964 ) is an Italian businessman .
Samy Schiavo ( born December 24 , 1975 in Avignon ) is a retired French mixed martial artist and taekwondo fighter .
Larance Marable ( May 21 , 1929 - July 4 , 2012 ) was a West Coast jazz hard bop drummer born in Los Angeles , California , probably best known for his work with Charlie Haden in his Quartet West .
Brice Dja Djédjé ( born 23 December 1990 in Aboudé ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for French club Marseille in Ligue 1 .
Monisha Unni was born at Panniyankara , Kozhikode in 1971 to Narayanan Unni and Sreedevi Unni . Narayanan Unni hailed from Shornur and was in the leather business in Bangalore , where Monisha Unni was brought up .
Benjamin Hicklin JP ( 11 November 1816 - -16 March 1909 ) , licensed carrier , farmer , solicitor and Borough Magistrate served as Mayor of Wolverhampton 1859/60 .
Tó Cruz ( born António José Ramos da Cruz , 9 July 1967 , Lisbon ) is a Portuguese singer of Cape Verdean descent , best known for his participation in the 1995 Eurovision Song Contest .
Allen Steck ( born 1926 ) is an American mountaineer and rock climber , and a native of Oakland , California .
Neil Smillie ( born Barnsley , 19 July 1958 ) is an English former professional football player and manager .
Benedetto Sinigardi , also known as Fra Benedetto di Arezzo or Sinigardi di Arezzo ( 1190 - 1282 ) was a Franciscan Monk , and is considered to be the author of the Angelus prayer .
Jacques Cossette - Trudel ( born 1947 in Shawinigan ) PQ , convicted kidnapper , Quebec separatist ( FLQ ) , communication counsellor and filmmaker .
Randy Piper ( born William Randall Piper on April 13 , 1953 in San Antonio , Texas ) is an American rock guitarist and songwriter , best known as the co - founder and original guitarist of the heavy metal band W.A.S.P ..
Siegfried Strohbach ( born 27 November 1929 in Schirgiswalde , Lusatia ) is a German composer and conductor .
Ludwig Baumann ( born 1950 in Rosenheim ) is a German opera singer .
Sam Leith ( born 1 January 1974 in Paddington , London ) is an English author , journalist and columnist .
Frank Boeijen ( born 27 November 1957 in Nijmegen ) is a Dutch singer and guitarist .
Marj Dusay ( /mɑːrdʒ duːˈseɪ/ ; born Marjorie Ellen Pivonka Mahoney on February 20 , 1936 , in Russell , Kansas ) is an American actress known for her roles on American soap operas .
Tony Peraica was born in Croatia in 1957 , and was orphaned at the age of 11 .
Krzysztof Kłosek ( Świętochłowice , July 16 , 1978 ) is a Polish singer and bass guitarist .
Louise Diane d'Orléans was born in the Palais - Royal , the Paris residence of the House of Orléans , on 27 June 1716 as the youngest child of the Duke and Duchess of Orléans .
David John Haskins ( born 24 April 1957 , Northampton , England ) , better known as David J , is a British alternative rock musician , producer , and writer .
Stuart Dempster ( born July 7 , 1936 in Berkeley , California ) is a trombonist , didjeridu player , improvisor , and composer .
Edward Schoeneck ( August 1 , 1875 Syracuse , Onondaga County , New York - June 22 , 1951 Syracuse , Onondaga County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Braeden Cloutier ( born October 3 , 1974 in Wichita , Kansas ) is a retired U.S. soccer player who spent five seasons in Major Soccer League and over twelve in various indoor leagues .
Born to a lower middle - class family in Etterbeek , Brussels , Hergé began his career by contributing illustrations to Scouting magazines , developing his first comic series , The Adventures of Totor , for Le Boy - Scout Belge in 1926 .
Steffi Stephanie Marie Toscano DiDomenicantonio ( born April 28 , 1989 ) , nicknamed Steffi D , is a Canadian singer from Orleans , Ontario , and the fifth - place finalist in the 2006 season of Canadian Idol .
Liam Mower ( born 30 May 1992 in Kingston upon Hull , England ) is an English actor and dancer .
Zdenka Grossmannová ( born November 17 , 1965 in Jindřichův Hradec ) is a Czechoslovak - Czech slalom canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s .
Wanderley Paiva was born in Três Corações , in the state of Minas Gerais , and in his youth he played for local side Atlético .
Born in Montpellier , Aymeline Valade grew up in Lyon , Paris and Nice .
Mitchell Guist was born in 1964 in Gonzales , Louisiana and lived with his brother , Glenn , for his entire life .
Levinus Warner , or Levinus Warnerus , was born c. 1618 in the principality of Lippe , Germany .
Rosario Romeo was born in Giarre , a small town on the eastern coast of Sicily .
Marina Shmonina ( born 9 February 1965 in Tashkent , Uzbek SSR ) is an athlete who represented the Soviet Union , and later Russia .
Luciano de Paolis ( born 14 June 1941 in Rome ) is an Italian bobsledder who competed in the late 1960s .
Robert B. Shapiro ( born August 4 , 1938 in New York City ) is a businessman and attorney who has worked extensively with the biochemical corporations G. D. Searle & Company and Monsanto .
Christian Saehrendt ( born 29 January 1968 in Kassel ) is a German Art Historian .
Franklin Pierce Rice was born 29 July 1852 in Marlborough , Massachusetts as the only son of Minot Rice and Mary Berry ( Felton ) Rice .
Ai Jing ( Chinese : 艾敬 ; pinyin : Ài Jìng ; born 10 September 1969 in Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a mainland Chinese singer and painter .
Antonio Maggio ( born 8 August 1986 in San Pietro Vernotico ) is an Italian pop singer .
Sylvain Guintoli ( born 24 June 1982 in Montélimar ) is a French professional motorcycle racer .
Veronica Portillo ( born November 27 , 1977 in Los Angeles , CA ) is an American former reality television participant , one - time Playboy model , and co - creator of the College Dropout t - shirt line .
Ricky Meléndez ( born Ricardo Omar Meléndez Saurí , November 22 , 1967 in Hato Rey , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican singer .
Ernest Hilbert is an American poet , critic , opera librettist , and editor born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1970 .
M. Waldo Hatler was born January 6 , 1894 at Bolivar , Missouri , elder of two sons of Troy and Rose Hatler .
Irina Kotova ( Belarusian : Ірына Міхайлаўна Котава , Russian : Ирина Михайловна Котова ; born November 17 , 1976 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian painter and graphic artist .
Yan Xiangchuang ( simplified Chinese : 闫相闯 ; traditional Chinese : 閆相闖 ; pinyin : Yán Xiàngchuǎng ; born September 5 , 1986 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese international professional footballer who currently plays for Beijing BG in the China League One .
Born in Fossano , Giuseppe Beltrami attended the seminary in Fossano before being ordained to the priesthood on March 5 , 1916 .
Marek Lemsalu ( born 24 November 1972 in Pärnu ) is a former Estonian professional footballer .
Justina Robson is a science fiction author from Leeds , England .
Danielle Rowe ( born 1982 in Shepparton ) is an Australian ballet dancer who currently performs as a principal dancer with the Houston Ballet .
Fritz Klatte ( 28 March 1880 , Diepholz -- 11 February 1934 ) was a German chemist and the discoverer of polyvinyl acetate , with German patent ( GP 281687 1912 ) for its preparation from acetylene gas .
Alexander Arthur was born in Glasgow , Scotland , the eldest son of Alexander and Catherine Allen Arthur .
Bernhard Seeger was born to a locksmith in Roßlau .
George Atwood ( October 1745 , London -- 11 July 1807 , London ) was an English mathematician who invented a machine for illustrating the effects of Newton 's first law of motion .
Frans Boels ( c. 1555 , Mechelen -- 1596 , Amsterdam ) was a Flemish painter and draftsman , who was active in the Dutch Republic in the latter part of his life .
Marek Kalbus ( born January 14 , 1969 in Königs Wusterhausen ) is a German opera and concert singer .
Synthia Saint James was raised in both Los Angeles , California , and the Bronx , New York .
Mattias Andréasson ( born 29 March 1981 in Västerås ) , Swedish singer and Swedish Idol 2007 contestant ( in which he came 5th place ) .
Jim Ed Norman ( born Edward James Norman , October 16 , 1948 , Fort Myers , Florida ) is an American musician , record producer , arranger and label head .
Stijn Vreven ( born 18 July 1973 , in Hasselt , Belgian Limburg ) is a Belgian former footballer and currently manager of Waasland - Beveren in the Belgian Pro League .
Lily Li ( Chinese : 李麗麗 ) ( born 21 May 1950 ) is a Hong Kong actress .
Alexandra Silk ( born September 19 , 1963 in Long Island , New York ) is an American pornographic actress , pornographic director and adult model .
Martina Strutz ( born 4 November 1981 in Schwerin ) is a German pole vaulter .
Karina Pasian was born in New York City , of Dominican and Armenian descent .
Peter Wright was born in 26 Cromwell Road , Chesterfield , Derbyshire , the son of ( George ) Maurice Wright , who was the Marconi Company 's director of research , and one of the founders of signals intelligence during World War I. During the Second World War , Wright worked at the Admiralty 's Research Laboratory .
Ivan Klasnić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˈiʋan ˈklasnitɕ ) ; born 29 January 1980 in Hamburg , West Germany ) is a retired Croatian footballer who played as a striker , having last played for Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga in 2013 .
Gilbert Stuart was born in Saunderstown , Rhode Island , a village of North Kingstown , on December 3 , 1755 and baptized at Old Narragansett Church on April 11 , 1756 .
Bob Sheridan ( born 1944 in Boston ) is an American boxing and MMA commentator .
Allan Alcorn ( born January 1 , 1948 in San Francisco ) is an American pioneering engineer and computer scientist .
Mirna Radulović was born on 5 July 1992 in Subotica ( then Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , now Serbia ) .
Charles Nicholas Aubé ( 6 May 1802 in Paris -- 15 October 1869 ) , was a French physician and entomologist .
Hormoz Farhat ( Persian : هرمز فرهت ) Born 1929 Tehran , is a composer , ethnomusicologist and Emeritus Professor of Music , Dublin University , Trinity College and a Fellow of Trinity College , Dublin .
Jean - Philippe Bergeron ( born 1978 Saint - Hyacinthe ) is a Quebec writer and poet .
Marc Diraison ( born February 7 , 1975 in San Rafael , California ) is an American voice actor , ADR director , and script writer who has worked for 4Kids Entertainment , Bang Zoom !
Steve Goodman , known as Kode9 ( born 1973 ) is a Glasgow - born , London - based electronic music artist , DJ , and owner of the Hyperdub record label .
In 1977 , Alex Katz was asked to create a work to be produced in billboard format above Times Square , New York City .
René Edward De Russy was born in the French colony of Saint - Domingue ( now Haiti ) on February 22 , 1789 .
Jensen Buchanan ( born July 18 , 1962 in Montgomery , Alabama ) is an American actress , best known for portraying Sarah Gordon on One Life to Live ( 1987 - -90 ) and twins Vicky and Marley Hudson on Another World .
Zohreh Mojabi ( Persian : زهره مجابی‎ , born 14 February 1960 in Qazvin ) is an Iranian actress and playwright who has appeared in a number of films and TV serials .
Pamela Wallace ( born 1949 in Exeter , California ) is an American screenwriter and author .
Vincent Ogé ( French pronunciation : ​(oʒe ) ; c.1755 - -1791 ) was a wealthy free man of mixed race decent and the instigator of a revolt against white colonial authority in French Saint - Domingue that lasted from October to December 1790 in the area outside Cap - Français , the colony 's main city .
Hussein Chalayan was born in Nicosia in 1970 and graduated from the Türk Maarif Koleji of his hometown .
Betty Edwards ( born 1926 in San Francisco , California ) is an American art teacher and author , best known for her 1979 book , Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain ( as of April 2012 , in its 4th edition ) .
Lionel Cherrier ( born November 17 , 1929 in Nakéty , near Canala ) is a New Caledonian politician .
Samuel Verblunsky ( 1906 June 25 London -- 1996 ) was a British mathematician who introduced Verblunsky 's theorem and Verblunsky coefficients .
Alfred Santell was an American film director born September 14 , 1895 in San Francisco , California .
Barry Michael Harman ( born March 14 , 1952 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American writer and producer for television , and a Tony nominated book writer and lyricist for the Broadway theater .
Philippe de Montebello ( born May 16 , 1936 in Paris ) served from 1977 to 2008 as the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York .
Kurt Agricola was born in Döbeln , then in the Kingdom of Saxony , on 15 August 1889 , into an Saxon family that traced its roots back in the 16th century .
Robert Chapin ( born April 3 , 1964 in Miami , Florida ) , is a stunt , fight and swordplay choreographer , visual effects artist and supervisor , actor , writer , director , and producer .
Ryan J. Davis ( born April 4 , 1982 in Salisbury , Maryland ) is an American theater director , writer , political consultant , and progressive activist .
Ariane Lopez - Huici is born in Biarritz , France , in 1945 to Eugenio Lopez - Huici , a Basque - Chilean , and Evelyne Belly from Lorraine .
Laurent Croci ( born December 8 , 1964 in Montbéliard , Doubs ) is a French retired footballer , currently managing FC Mulhouse .
Niatia Jessica Kirkland ( born October 4 , 1989 ) , better known by her stage name Lil Mama , is a Trinidadian - American hip hop recording artist from Brooklyn , New York City , New York .
Simone Stratigo was born in 1733 as Symeon Filippos Stratigos to a family of Greek origin in Zara , Dalmatia ( modern Zadar in Croatia ) , a region which was part of the Republic of Venice at the time .
Nathalie Pâque ( born 11 May 1977 , Liège ) is a Belgian singer , best known for her participation on behalf of France in the 1989 Eurovision Song Contest .
Pierre Louis - Dreyfus was born on May 17 , 1908 in Paris , one of three children born to Charles Louis - Dreyfus , a merchant and ship - owner , and Sarah Germaine Hément .
Wall Doxey ( August 8 , 1892 -- March 2 , 1962 ) was an American politician from Holly Springs , Mississippi .
Suzanne Stevens ( born 1950 ) is a Canadian singer , based in Montreal and active during the 1970s and 1980s .
Kevin Trainor is an Irish actor from Kilkeel , County Down , Northern Ireland .
Andreas Berger ( born 9 June 1961 in Gmunden , Oberösterreich ) is a former Austrian track and field sprinter , who ran in the 100 m and 200 m .
Pedro de Mendoza , also known as Don Pedro de Mendoza , was from a noble family in the Granadin town of Guadix , high in the favor of Emperor Charles V. He was also a nobleman in the Spanish court .
Born in Sant'Agata di Puglia , Foggia , Santagata debuted as a comedian at the Derby club in Milan , with the show Toni Santagata e il suo cabaret , later also released as an album .
Johann Jakob Heckel ( 23 January 1790 -- 1 March 1857 ) was an Austrian taxidermist , zoologist , and ichthyologist from Mannheim in the Electoral Palatinate .
Glen Chorny is a Canadian poker player from Waterloo , Ontario .
Anna - Lena Löfgren ( 1 May 1944 -- 21 May 2010 ) was a Swedish singer from Stockholm .
Abbas Mohammadi played for Mes Kerman F.C. before moving to Sepahan F.C. in 2007 .
Astorre III Manfredi ( June 20 , 1485 -- June 9 , 1502 ) was lord Faenza , in northern Italy , from 1488 to 1501 .
Harald Czudaj ( born 14 February 1963 in Wermsdorf , Saxony ) is an East German - German bobsledder who competed during the 1990s .
Intigam Zairov ( born 21 April 1985 in Baku ) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter he won silver medal at 2009 European Weightlifting Championships in Bucharest .
Born December 10 , 1963 in Florence , Italy , Ippolita Rostagno is the daughter of an American artist and an Italian intellectual .
Saint Heimerad ( also known as Heimrad , Haimrad or Heimo ) ( b. about 970 in Messkirch near the Bodensee in Baden ; d. 28 June 1019 on the Hasunger Berg ( now Burghasungen ) near Kassel ) was a German priest and travelling preacher , popularly revered as a holy fool .
Markus Löw ( born 4 April 1961 in Schönau i m Schwarzwald ) is a former football player and nowadays manager .
Szabolcs Sándor ( born Budapest , March 30 , 1973 ) conductor , accompanist , pianist
Ferdinando Carabba Tettamanti ( born January 5 , 1944 in Rome ) is an Italian lawyer .
Paul Voss ( born March 26 , 1986 in Rostock ) is a German professional road bicycle racer for Bora--
Derek McGinty ( born August 17 , 1959 , in Washington , D.C. ) is an American news anchor and television journalist , most recently appearing on WUSA 9 News at 7PM and 11PM on WUSA - TV in Washington , D.C ..
Mehmet Sabri Erçetin ( 1876 in Bursa -- May 3 , 1956 ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Alexander von Winiwarter ( April 22 , 1848 -- October 31 , 1917 ) was an Austrian - Belgian surgeon who was a native of Vienna .
Wes Hart ( born September 14 , 1977 , in Hollister , California ) is an American soccer coach , and the current head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide women 's soccer team .
Siniša Đurić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cинишa Ђуpић ; born 20 February 1976 , in Banja Luka ) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player .
Michelle Courchesne ( born May 6 , 1953 in Trois - Rivières , Quebec ) is a former Deputy Premier of Quebec .
Marie Schellinck ( 25 July 1757 , Ghent -- 1 September 1840 , Menen ) , was a Belgian soldier who fought in the French Revolution .
Giordano Benedetti ( born 22 May 1989 in Trento ) is an Italian middle distance runner ( 800 m ) .
Anthony Pereira ( born on 9 April 1982 in Navelim , Goa ) is an Indian football player .
Riad Nouri , also known as Ryad Nouri , ( born June 7 , 1985 in Marseille ) is a French - Algerian professional football player who is currently playing for AC Ajaccio in Ligue 2 .
Gilbrano Plet ( born 5 March 1993 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Spakenburg in the Dutch Topklasse .
In 2005 , Stevie Ray and Booker T opened the `` Booker T and Stevie Ray Pro Wrestling Academy '' in Houston , Texas .
Pai Soe ( born 22 March 1987 in Mandalay , Burma ) is Burmese footballer .
Several of his songs mentioned Snodland , the small town in Kent where Judge Dread lived .
Alfred Pampalon ( 24 November 1867 -- 30 September 1896 ) was born in the city of Lévis , Quebec , and died at 28 in Sainte - Anne - de - Beaupré .
Günther Tamaschke ( 26 February 1896 , Berlin -- 14 October 1959 , Uhingen ) was a German SS - Standartenführer and commandant of the Lichtenburg and Ravensbrück concentration camps .
Diego Lagos ( born 5 March 1986 in Mar del Plata ) is an Argentine football Midfielder .
Astrid Benöhr ( born 8 October 1957 , in Bergisch Gladbach ) is a German endurance athlete in Ultra - Triathlon .
John P. Daley ( born December 5 , 1946 ) is the 11th Ward Democratic Committeeman in Chicago , Illinois , a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners ( 11th District ) , and the Chair of the Cook County Board Audit and Finance Committee .
Ahmad Kashani ( born 23 December 1947 in Tehran ) , the last son of ayatollah Abol - Ghasem Kashani , is an Iranian politician and construction engineer .
Andrea Lilio ( 1555 - 1642 ) was an Italian painter born in Ancona , hence he also is known as L'Anconitano .
Myron Scholes was born to a Jewish family on July 1 , 1941 in Timmins , Ontario , where his family had moved during the Great Depression .
Emika , a classically trained musician who studied classical piano and composition , grew up in Milton Keynes , England .
Giliano Wijnaldum ( born 31 August 1992 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch football player who plays as a left back for German club VfL Bochum in the 2 .
His most prominent achievement was the foundation of an almshouse in Winchester which later was recommissioned into Peter Symonds College .
Bernhard Fleischmann Born 1975 in Vienna is an Austrian musician , usually known as B. Fleischmann .
Chris Honor ( born 5 June 1968 ) is an English footballer , who played in the Football League for Bristol City , Torquay United , Hereford United , Swansea City and Cardiff City , and in the Scottish Football League for Airdrieonians and Partick Thistle .
Mieczysław Moczar ( Polish pronunciation : ( mjɛˈt͡ʂɨswaf ˈmɔt͡ʂar ) ; original name Mikołaj Diomko , pseudonym Mietek , December 25 , 1913 in Łódź -- November 1 , 1986 ) was a Polish communist who played a prominent role in the history of the Polish People 's Republic .
Maria Luís Albuquerque ( born 16 September 1967 in Braga ) is a Portuguese pseudo politician .
Nataša Mladenovska ( Macedonian : Наташа Младеновска ) ( born 12 February 1986 in Kumanovo , Republic of Macedonia ) is a Macedonian handball player who currently plays for ŽRK Metalurg and for the Macedonia women 's national handball team .
Richard Anthony Crispian Francis Prew Hope - Weston , known professionally as Tommy Vance ( 11 July 1940 -- 6 March 2005 ) , was a British radio broadcaster , born in Eynsham , Oxfordshire .
Franz Ningel ( born 18 October 1936 in Frankfurt am Main , Hessen ) is a former German pair skater and roller skater .
Michael X ( 1933 -- 16 May 1975 ) , born Michael de Freitas in Trinidad and Tobago , was a self - styled black revolutionary and civil rights activist in 1960s London .
Lena Endre was born in Lidingö , Stockholm County and grew up in Härnösand , Ångermanland , and Trollbäcken , Tyresö .
Jean - Marc Ferratge ( born 10 October 1959 in Cazères ) is a retired professional French footballer who played striker .
Elio de Angelis ( 26 March 1958 , Rome -- 15 May 1986 , Le Castellet ) was an Italian racing driver who participated in Formula One between 1979 and 1986 , racing for the Shadow , Lotus and Brabham teams .
Jandek is the musical project of Corwood Industries , a record label that operates out of Houston , Texas .
Tunnet Taimla ( 21 June 1988 , Viljandi ) is Estonian renju player .
Julie Taton ( born 6 February 1984 ) , in Namur , Belgium was crowned Miss Belgium in 2003 .
Leonidas Iasonidis ( 1884 - -1959 ) was a Pontic Greek political activist born in Poulantzaki in Pontus , Turkey .
Ivan Mihailov was born on August 26 , 1896 , in the village of Novo Selo ( now part of Štip Municipality , Republic of Macedonia ) in the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire .
Harry Orlinsky was born in 1908 to Yiddish - speaking parents in Owen Sound , Ontario on March 17 .
Egon von Vietinghoff ( February 6 , 1903 , The Hague -- October 14 , 1994 , Zurich ) was a German - Swiss painter , author , philosopher and creator of the Egon von Vietinghoff Foundation .
Colonel Michel Lafourcade was born in Bélus , the son of Maurice Lafourcade , postmaster , and Marie Galharret , housewife .
Vasilios Koutsianikoulis ( Greek : Βασίλης Κουτσιανικούλης ; born 9 August 1988 ) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for AE Larissa in the Greek Football League as a Left winger / Attacking Midfielder .
On the day of his arrival at the Kimpo International Airport in Seoul , the entire airport had been crowded by thousands of fans and media trying to get the first look at Seo Taiji .
Martha Rhodes ( born Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American poet , teacher , and publisher .
Giuseppe Papadopulo ( born 2 February 1948 in Casale Marittimo , Pisa ) is an Italian football manager and former player of Greek descent , last in charge as head coach of Torino .
Albert Yeung was born in Hong Kong in 1943 and traces his root to Teochew ( Chaozhou ) , Guangdong , China .
Ismaila Atte - Oudeyi ( born 2 February 1985 , in Lomé ) is a Togolese footballer , who currently plays for Togo Telecom F.C ..
Born in Perranporth , Cornwall , elder son of Frederick ( John Frederick ) and Emma Healey ( née Mitchell ) who at that time ran a general store there , Donald Healey became interested in all things mechanical at an early age , most particularly aircraft .
The Oscar Niemeyer International Cultural Centre ( also known in Spain as Centro Niemeyer ) , is located in Avilés and was inaugurated in 2011 .
Reimund Gerhard ( born 31 May 1952 in Heidelberg ) is a German applied physicist and university professor .
Adolf Loewy ( German spelling- Adolf Löwy ) ; ( June 29 , 1862 - December 26 , 1937 ) was a German physiologist who was a native of Berlin .
Alexis Rockman lives in New York City , and works out of a studio in the city 's TriBeCa neighborhood .
Seth Hammett was born and reared in Andalusia , Covington County , Alabama to a farming and well - drilling family .
Eleni Avlonitou ( Greek : Ελένη Αυλωνίτου , born 22 October 1958 in Athens ) is a former Greek swimming champion , ergophysiologist and politician of the Coalition of the Radical Left ( Syriza ) .
Born in Volta Redonda , Rio de Janeiro state , Delei started his professional career in 1979 , playing for Fluminense .
Richard Caton Woodville ( 30 April 1825 -- 13 August 1855 ) was an American artist from Baltimore who spent his professional career in Europe , after studying in Düsseldorf under the direction of Karl Ferdinand Sohn .
Adolf Mayer was born in 1843 in the family of a high school teacher in Oldenburg .
Josua Harrsch , also known as Joshua Kocherthal ( July 30 , 1669 Fachsenfeld -- December 27 , 1719 , Ulster County ) was a German Lutheran minister who led German emigrants to New York .
Gurbux Singh was born at Peshawar but he grew up in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
Lucy Tyler - Sharman ( born Lucy Tyler , in Louisville , Kentucky on 6 June 1965 ) is an Australian Olympic and World Champion cyclist .
Paul Beavers ( born 2 October 1978 in Hastings , England ) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Shrewsbury Town , Oldham Athletic , Hartlepool United and Darlington .
Daré Nibombé ( born 16 June 1980 in Lomé ) is a Togolese former defender who last played for RBD Borinage .
Gloria Graham ( born 1940 in Beaumont , Texas ) is an American artist based in New Mexico .
Seyed Ali Miraee ( born 18 July 1979 in Tehran ) is an Iranian cartoonist and illustrator for economic , political , cultural , and professional magazines and Books .
Edris Eckhardt ( January 28 , 1905 -- April 27 , 1998 ) was an American artist associated with the Cleveland School .
Luigi Berzano ( born 8 July 1939 , Asti ) is an Italian sociologist and Catholic priest .
Stan Bennion ( born 9 February 1938 , Blacon , Chester ) is a former English professional footballer .
Reinhard Hütter ( born 1 November 1958 in Lichtenfels , Bavaria ) is a Christian theologian and Professor of Christian Theology at Duke Divinity School in Durham , North Carolina .
Mary Katrantzou ( born in 1983 in Athens ) is a Greek fashion designer who currently lives and works in London .
František Lipka ( born on 22 February 1946 in Bratislava , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak diplomat , poet and translator , who contributed to the process of the creation of independent Montenegro .
Miles Mander was the second son of Theodore Mander , builder of Wightwick Manor , of the prominent Mander family , industrialists and public servants of Wolverhampton , Staffordshire , in the Midlands of England .
Roman Mählich ( born 17 September 1971 in Wiener Neustadt ) is an Austrian football player , who played mostly for Sturm Graz .
Sadık Eliyeşil was born on November 3 , 1925 to a wealthy family at Tarsus , Mersin Province in southern Turkey .
Hanfried Lenz ( * April 22 , 1916 in Munich ; † June 1 , 2013 in Berlin ) was a German mathematician , who is mainly known for his work in geometry and combinatorics .
Bong Joon - ho was born in Daegu in 1969 and decided to become a filmmaker while in middle school .
Samuel Pitiscus ( 30 March 1637 , in Zutphen -- 1 February 1727 , in Utrecht ) is a Dutch historican and classicist .
Alon Isocianu ( born in Hadera , Israel ) is a Canadian music video and commercial director .
Very little is known of Sarah Mary Fitton outside of her writing , though she is believed to have been born in Dublin .
Born at Genoa , Raffaele Rossetti graduated as engineer from the University of Turin in September 1904 .
Cevat Güler ( born 12 March 1959 in Perşembe , Ordu Province ) is a Turkish former football player and coach .
Richard Fancy was born August 2 , 1943 , in Evanston , Illinois , to salesman Raymond Chester Fancy ( born 29 Sep 1903 in Canada ; died 24 Aug 1978 in Sherman Oaks , CA ) , and a radio performer mother .
Abigail Garner ( born 1975 in Minneapolis , Minnesota ) is an American author and advocate for children with LGBT parents .
Angelo Ruffini ( Pretare of Arquata del Tronto,1864 -- 1929 ) was an Italian histologist and embryologist .
Laura Anne Gilman ( born 1967 , New Jersey ) is an American fantasy author .
Susan Jaffe ( born 1962 in Washington , D.C. ) is an American former ballerina and is a ballet mistress at American Ballet Theatre .
Adam Archibald died at his home in Leith at the age of 78 .
Ana Paula Padrão ( Brasília , November 26 , 1965 ) is a Brazilian journalist and television host .
Mohamed Remili ( born 31 May 1985 in Hussein Dey , Algiers Province ) is a Hungarian footballer of Algerian origin .
Sokhna Benga ( Mbengue ) ( born 12 December 1967 , Dakar ) is a Senegalese novelist and poet .
Rombout Verhulst was born in Mechelen , where he studied with the sculptors Rombout Verstappen en Frans van Loo and possibly also Lucas Faydherbe .
George Neville Jones was born in Boston , Lincolnshire , England , in 1903 , the eldest of seven children ( six brothers and a sister ) .
Tiburcio Vásquez was born in Monterey , Alta California Mexico ( present day California , USA ) on April 10 , 1835 to Jose Hermenegildo Vásquez and Maria Guadalupe Cantua .
Mariusz Maszkiewicz ( born in Iława on May 31 , 1959 ) , is a doctor of human sciences , a diplomat , publicist , sociologist and economist .
Gore was born into the world of art ; his mother , Mary Joanna ( Molly ) Kerr , was a dancer from Edinburgh , and his father , Spencer Frederick Gore , a painter , President of the Camden Town Group until his early death in March 1914 .
Anne Sewell Young was born in Bloomington , Wisconsin on January 2 , 1871 to Reverend Albert Adams Young and Mary ( née Sewell ) .
Wolf Kahler ( 3 April 1940 ) is a German actor born in Kiel .
Helen Maitland Armstrong was born in 1869 in Florence , Italy , to American diplomat and stained glass artist Maitland Armstrong and his wife Helen , who was a descendant of Peter Stuyvesant and a niece of the politician Hamilton Fish .
Csaba Orosz ( born August 10 , 1971 in Dunajská Streda ) is a Slovak sprint canoer of Hungarian ethnicity who competed in the mid-1990s .
George Wilkins Kendall was born on August 22 , 1809 , Mont Vernon , New Hampshire , to Puritan parents , Captain Thaddeus Kendall and his wife Abigail Wilkins Kendall .
Anna Melato ( Born May 18 , 1952 Milan ) is an Italian actress , singer and voice actor .
Humberto Mariles Cortés ( June 13 , 1913 in Parral , Chihuahua ; died December 7 , 1972 ) was a Mexican show jumping champion and two - time Olympic champion .
John Adams Webster was born at Broom 's Bloom , his family 's ancestral home , on September 19 , 1789 , in Harford County , Maryland .
Claxton was born in Bolton , Lancashire , the son of a Wesleyan Methodist minister , the Rev. Marshall Claxton , and his wife Diana .
Irina Saari ( née Lahtinen , born on 10 May 1975 in Kauhajoki ) , better known by her stage name Irina , is a Finnish singer .
Ilona Sojda ( born 26 May 1987 , Kielce ) , Polish singer whose work has its origin in sung poetry , an imprecise , unspecific music genre that merges lyrical ballads with written poetry .
Lenka Cenková ( born January 24 , 1977 , Třinec ) is a former professional Czech tennis player .
Tad Hills ( born April 1 , 1963 in Needham , Massachusetts ) is an American children 's book author and illustrator .
Mick Clarke ( born 19 June 1989 in Drogheda , Ireland ) is an Irish footballer who is currently unattached .
Marie Antoine Ferdinand Faivre was born in Marseille on 8 October 1860 and died on 19 August 1937 .
Beverly Breckenridge is a musician , composer , and actress from Toronto , Ontario .
Jay Burleson is an American filmmaker from Hartselle , AL and Hartselle 's most talented former resident .
Richard Lauchert , a German portrait painter , was born at Sigmaringen in 1823 .
Mia Uyeda was born on born 25 May 1984 in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Born in Zenica ( SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) , Nebojša Pejić begin playing in the youth team of OFK Beograd .
Axel Chapelle ( French pronunciation : ​(ak.sɛl ʃa.pɛl ) ; born 24 April 1995 in Colombes , Paris ) is a French pole vaulter .
Riccardo Piacentini ( born 3 July 1958 , in Moncalieri , Province of Turin ) is an Italian composer and pianist .
Lew Rywin ( born November 10 , 1945 in a Nizhnyi Alkeyev , Siberia , USSR ) is a Polish film producer associated with Heritage Films ( est . 1991 ) .
A fifth - generation Californian , Sharon Gless was born in Los Angeles , the daughter of Marjorie ( McCarthy ) and sportswear manufacturing executive Dennis J. Gless .
Knox Cameron , better known as Knoxy to his friends , ( born September 17 , 1983 in Kingston ) is a Jamaican - born American soccer player who currently plays for AFC Ann Arbor in the Great Lakes Premier League .
HD Schrader ( 1945 , Bad Klosterlausnitz ) , born Hans - Dieter Schrader , is a German sculptor .
Sean Maguire ( born 18 April 1976 in Ilford , Essex ) is an English actor and singer , who rose to fame in 1988 when at the age of eleven he took on the role of `` Tegs '' Ratcliffe on the BBC children 's drama Grange Hill , in which he remained until 1992 .
Steve Savard is an American sports anchor and `` Voice of the St. Louis Rams '' .
Mostafa Pourmohammadi ( born 9 March 1960 , Qom ) is an Iranian prosecutor and politician , who has served at different positions and cabinet posts .
Agnes Smedley was born in Osgood , Missouri on Feb 23 , 1892 , the second of five children .
Alan Morrissey ( born 9 October 1982 ) is a British actor who was born in Stepping Hill Hospital & lived in the Farmers Arms pub , Stockport , where his parents were the licensees .
In 1979 , Leonid Reiman graduated from the M.A. Bonch - Bruevich Leningrad Institute of Communications Technology ( now SPbGUT - Saint - Petersburg State University of Telecommunications and IT ) .
Fred Duesenberg was born in Lippe , Germany and emigrated to the United States with his family when he was eight years old .
Małgorzata Foremniak ( Polish pronunciation : ( mawɡɔˈʐata fɔˈrɛmɲak ) ; born 8 January 1967 in Radom ) is a Polish actress .
Alexander Kubalov ( Ossetian : Дзугаты Георги ) ( 1871 , Stary Batakoyurt , Terek Oblast -- 1937 ) was an Ossetian writer .
Kim Kurniawan was born in Mühlacker , Germany , to a German mother Uschi and a Chinese Indonesian father Petrus Kurniawan .
John Carenza ( born January 3 , 1950 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a former U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team .
Robert Lesser or Bobby Lesser ( born October 22 , 1942 ) is an American actor born in New York City and now living in Santa Barbara , California .
Andrea Corsali ( 1487 - - ? ) was an Italian explorer who worked in the service of Giuliano di Lorenzo de ' Medici of Florence and Lorenzo II de ' Medici , duke of Urbino .
Nicholas Guest was born in New York City , the son of Peter Haden - Guest , a British United Nations diplomat who later became the 4th Baron Haden - Guest , and his second wife , Jean Pauline Hindes , a former vice president of casting at CBS .
August of Saxony ( 7 September 1589 , Dresden -- 26 December 1615 , Naumburg ) from the Albertine line of the House of Wettin was Administrator of the diocese of Naumburg - Zeitz .
Woody Rock ( born James Green on September 10 , 1976 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an African - American singer and musician .
Roberto Carifi ( born 1948 in Pistoia ) , is an Italian poet , philosopher , and translator .
Fausto Frigerio ( born 13 February 1966 in Vimercate ) is a retired Italian hurdler and long jumper .
Jean - Jacques Cassiman ( Brussels , 25 April 1943 ) is a Belgian researcher and professor of human genetics .
Carlotta Giovannini ( born 5 July 1990 in Castel San Pietro Terme ) is an Italian artistic gymnast who competed at her first international competition in 2003 .
Mark Rezyka ( born 11 June 1959 , in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is best known as a top director of heavy metal videos in the 1980s and 1990s .
Samuel Bigger was born in Franklin , Ohio on March 20 , 1802 , the son of John Bigger , a veteran of the American Revolutionary War and an Ohio House of Representatives Speaker of the House .
Fereshteh Taerpour ( also Taherpour ) ( born 1953 in Tehran ) is an Iranian film producer .
Wiam Simav Bedirxan is a Syrian Kurdish documentary filmmaker from Homs , who co - directed the 2014 film Silvered Water , Syria Self - Portrait with exiled filmmaker Usama Muhammad .
Andrew Lynford ( born in Essex , June 1972 ) is a British television presenter and actor .
Ross Muir ( born Edinburgh , Scotland , 6 October 1995 ) is a Scottish professional snooker player .
Grace Krilanovich moved to the Los Angeles area from Santa Cruz , California in 2003 .
Aida Turturro was born in Brooklyn , New York , daughter of a Sicilian mother Dorothy , a homemaker , and an Italian - American father Domenick Turturro , an artist .
Donatella Rettore is an Italian singer and songwriter ( born July 8 , 1955 in Castelfranco Veneto , Province of Treviso ) .
Vilnis Edvīns Bresis ( born January 30 , 1938 , in Jelgava ) is a Latvian politician who was the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Latvian SSR from October 6 , 1988 , to May 7 , 1990 .
Born Jennifer Allison Brostrom , she grew up in Saline , Michigan and is a 1984 graduate from Saline High School .
Tim Preece ( born 5 August 1938 in Shrewsbury , Shropshire ) is an English actor , prominent in 1970s television .
Baron Slavko Cuvaj de Ivanska ( 26 February 1851 , in Bjelovar -- 31 January 1931 , in Vienna ) was a Croatian politician who was Ban ( viceroy ) of Croatia - Slavonia and royal commissioner for Austria - Hungary .
Gülsin Onay ( born 12 September 1954 in Istanbul ) is a leading Turkish concert pianist .
Mae Nolan was born in San Francisco , California , and attended public schools , St. Vincent 's Convent , and Ayres Business College of San Francisco .
Florian Sturm ( born 6 May 1982 , in Wörgl , Tyrol ) is an Austrian footballer .
Born near Waxahachie , Texas , Byron Nelson was the son of Madge Allen Nelson and John Byron Nelson , Sr . His parents set a precedent for him not only in their long lives --
Marc de Hemptinne ( Ghent , 1902 - 1986 ) was a Belgian physicist .
Erdne Ombadykow ( born October 27 , 1972 in Philadelphia ) , also known as Telo Tulku Rinpoche , is the Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader of the Kalmyk people .
Diane Bui Duyet , sometimes spelled `` Bui - Duyet '' , ( born 22 December 1979 in Nouméa , New Caledonia ) is a French / New Caledonian swimmer .
Elspeth Attwooll ( born 1 February 1943 in Chislehurst which was formerly in Kent and now is in the London Borough of Bromley ) is a retired Scottish Liberal Democrat politician .
Mambo Kurt ( born Rainer Limpinsel ; 11 April 1967 in Hagen ) is a German comedy and novelty act who performs covers of mainstream and classic rock hits .
Peter Pakesch ( born 16 July 1955 , Graz ) is an Austrian curator and artistic director of the Universalmuseum Joanneum in Graz .
Bent Ånund Ramsfjell ( born 30 November 1967 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian curler from Asker .
Delkash ( Persian : دلکش‎‎ ) , Esmat Bagherpour Baboli ( Persian : عصمت باقرپور بابلی‎‎ ) , born in Babol , ( February 26 , 1924 -- September 1 , 2004 ) was an Iranian diva and actress with a rare and unique voice and vocal range .
Marcel Appiah ( born 26 March 1988 in Schwelm ) is a German professional footballer for who currently plays as a right back NEC in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Lord Nicholas Windsor was born in 1970 at University College Hospital , London , and was the first member of the British Royal Family to be born in a hospital .
He and his brothers were awarded the Eleanor Roosevelt Humanities Award for their exceptional contributions to philanthropic endeavours in 1993 Ian Greenberg is a member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives and a governor of the Sir Mortimer B. Davis Jewish General Hospital in Montreal .
Boštjan Kavaš ( born 13 September 1978 in Murska Sobota ) is a professional handball player currently playing for Wisła Płock .
Bruno Ruzza ( born February 10 , 1926 , Padua ) is a former Italian football player .
Susanne Miller was born in Sofia in the early summer of 1915 , less than a year after the outbreak of the First World War .
Rasa Polikevičiūtė ( born September 25 , 1970 in Panevėžys ) is a Lithuanian cycle racer .
Derek Edwards ( born 1958 ) is a Canadian stand - up comedian and actor from Timmins , Ontario .
Jacques Solomon was born on 4 February 1908 in the 18th arrondissement of Paris .
John F. Quinn ( born April 7 , 1963 in New Bedford , Massachusetts ) is an American politician who represented 9th Bristol District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1992 - -2011 .
Ron Glick ( Hebrew : רון גליק‎ ; born January 23 , 1985 in Branford , Connecticut ) is an Israeli professional football ( soccer ) player currently contracted by Maccabi Petah Tikva .
Saeed Farajpouri ( born 1961 in Sanandaj ) is an Iranian kamancheh player of Kurdish descent .
Pavel Golia was born in a relatively wealthy family in Trebnje .
Ibrahim Somé Salombo ( born 24 May 1988 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese football striker who plays for WS Bruxelles in the Belgian Second Division .
Jeff Soto ( born June 3 , 1975 in Fullerton , California ) is an American contemporary artist .
Philip D'Antoni ( Born February 19 , 1929 in New York City , New York ) , is a film producer and film director , known for the films Bullitt ( 1968 ) , The French Connection ( 1971 ) , and The Seven - Ups ( 1973 ) .
Gustaf de Laval was born at Orsa in Dalarna in the Swedish de Laval Huguenot family .
Gerard Hoet trained with his father and brother who were glass painters , and Warnard van Rijsen , who lived in Zaltbommel , and who himself was a pupil of Cornelis van Poelenburgh in Utrecht .
Ágnes Csomor ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈa : gnɛʃ ˈt͡ʃomor ) ) ( June 13 , 1979 in Budapest -- ) , sometimes Ági Csomor ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈa : gi ˈt͡ʃomor ) ) is a Hungarian stage , film and television actress .
Michael Nader ( born February 19 , 1945 , St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American actor , known for his role on the ABC primetime soap opera Dynasty from 1983 to 1989 as Farnsworth `` Dex '' Dexter , the third husband of Alexis Colby ( played by Joan Collins ) .
Johnny Matthews ( born 27 August 1946 in Coventry ) is a former English footballer and manager .
Piotr Gąsowski ( born April 16 , 1964 in Mielec ) is a Polish actor , comedian and presenter .
Marko Muslin started his career at Stade Brest .
Marty Haugen , ( born December 30 , 1950 in Wanamingo , Minnesota ) , is an American composer of liturgical music .
Paolo Savoldelli ( born 7 May 1973 in Clusone , province of Bergamo ) is an Italian former road racing cyclist and winner of the 2002 and 2005 Giro d'Italia .
Élder da Silva Granja or simply Élder Granja ( born July 2 , 1982 in Santos ) , is a Brazilian right wingback , who currently plays for Madureira .
Dana Winner is the stage name of Chantal Vanlee ( born in Hasselt , 10 February 1965 ) .
Odiah Sidibé ( born January 13 , 1970 in Fréjus , Var ) is a French sprint athlete of Guinean descent .
Pasquale Russo ( born in Naples , February 28 , 1947 ) is an Italian Camorrista and boss of the Russo clan from Nola , which he co - founded .
Tõnis Palts ( born 29 March 1953 in Kuressaare ) is an Estonian politician and former mayor of Tallinn .
Jonathan Earl Woods , known as Jon Woods ( born August 23 , 1977 in Charlotte , North Carolina ) , is an Arkansas State Senator and musician .
Soodabeh Davaran ( Persian : سودابه داوران‎‎ ) is an Iranian Researcher , and professor of Polymer Chemistry in Faculty of Pharmacy in Tabriz University of Medical Sciences .
Sergei Lepmets ( born 5 April 1987 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian footballer who plays currently plays for finnish team FC Hämeenlinna
Hartvig Nissen was born in Melhus as a son of Lutheran priest , Peder Schjelderup Nissen ( 1775 - -1826 ) and Bolette Margrethe Musæus ( 1774 - -1859 ) .
Olivio da Rosa ( born October 2 , 1985 in Palmitinho ) , is a Brazilian footballer , who is also known as Ivo .
Frank Perris ( May 28 , 1931 -- March 17 , 2015 ) was a Canadian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and TT rider from Toronto .
Bertha Kalich , ( also spelled Kalish ) ( 17 May 17 , 1874 -- 18 April 1939 ) was a Jewish actress , born in Lemberg , Galicia ( now Lviv , Ukraine ) .
Claude - Arnaud Rivenet ( born 13 December 1972 in Lille ) is a retired French football player who played with Lyon , FC Gueugnon , Troyes AC and Amiens SC .
Enrico Glicenstein ( Turek , 24 May 1870 -- New York , 30 December 1942 ) was a Polish - born sculptor who lived in Italy and the United States .
Giora Spiegel ( Hebrew : גיורא שפיגל‎ ) , ( born July 27 , 1947 , in Petah Tikva ) is a former Israeli footballer and coach .
Simo Lampinen ( born Porvoo , 22 June 1943 ) is a Finnish former rally driver , and one of the first of the `` Flying Finns '' who came to dominate the sport .
Born in Philadelphia , Clemson was the son of Thomas Green Clemson , III and Elizabeth Baker .
Acun Ilıcalı ( born 29 May 1969 in Edirne ) is a Turkish television personality and producer .
Andrzej Munk was born in Kraków in Jewish family .
Manoel Garcia Júnior ( March 2 , 1967 - ) is a Brazilian voice actor , translator , and dubbing director from São Paulo .
Mark Shenton ( born 12 September 1962 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a London - based British arts journalist and theatre critic .
Massimo Magnani ( Ferrara , 4 October 1951 ) is a former Italian marathon runner .
Babai the Great , not to be confused with Mar Babai I , the first autonomous leader of the Church of the East , was born in Beth Ainata in Beth Zabdai .
On the club level , Bent Hansen played his entire senior career with Copenhagen club B 1903 .
Jean - Claude Lord was born in Montreal , Quebec , and began his career as an apprentice to Pierre Patry at Coopératio , working as an assistant director on many films before directing his first feature , Délivrez - nous du mal , in 1965 .
Phillip Pine ( July 16 , 1920 , Hanford , California -- December 22 , 2006 ) was an American film and television actor , writer , director , and producer .
Franco Migliacci ( born in Mantua , 1 May 1930 ) is a lyricist , producer , and actor .
Matt Madden ( born 1968 in New York City ) is a U.S. comic book writer and artist .
James Travers grew up in County Cork , where the first of his ancestors to be born there , Sir Robert Travers .
Christopher Martin - Jenkins was born at his grandmother 's house in Peterborough , the second of three boys .
Malin Ek ( born 18 April 1945 in Malmö ) is a Swedish stage and film actress .
Leonardo Ramos dos Santos , known as Leonardo ( born June 9 , 1992 in Ourinhos ) is a Brazilian professional football player who is currently playing for Hapoel Bnei Lod .
Bunty James ( born 1933 , Maryport , Cumberland , England ) is a former British television presenter who is best known for her appearances on the educational children 's television science programme How in the 1960s and 1970s with Jack Hargreaves , Jon Miller and Fred Dinenage .
Lois V Vierk ( born August 4 , 1951 in Hammond , Indiana ) is a post - minimalist or totalistcomposer who lives in New York City .
Oliver Koletzki ( born in Braunschweig on 5 October 1974 ) is a German dance and house music producer and DJ . Koletzki rose to international fame with his track `` Der Mückenschwarm '' ( meaning the mosquito swarm ) , which appeared on the Cocoon Recordings label .
Joseph de Guignes ( 19 October 1721 -- 19 March 1800 ) was a French orientalist , sinologist and Turkologist born at Pontoise , the son of Jean Louis de Guignes and Françoise Vaillant .
George Perkins Marsh was born in Woodstock , Vermont , to a prominent family .
Ekrem Ibrić ( born 25 January 1962 , in Srebrenik ) is a former Yugoslav football player , from the 1980s .
Roberto Frinolli ( Rome , 13 November 1940 ) is a former athlete Italian specializing in the 400 metres hurdles .
Pandit Godabarish Mishra was born to Lingaraj Mishra & Apsara Devi in Srinibaspur Sasan , near Banapur , Khordha .
Sergio Sartorelli ( Alessandria , 7 May 1928 -- Torino , 28 November 2009 ) was an influential Italian automotive designer and engineer .
Monica Huggett ( born 16 May 1953 in London , England ) is a British conductor and leading baroque violinist .
Jere Wood ( born c. 1949 ) is the mayor of Roswell , Georgia and as of 2014 is currently serving his fifth consecutive term .
Friedrich August Elsasser ( 1810 - 1845 ) , a painter of landscapes and architectural views , was born at Berlin and studied at the Academy of that city under Blechen , whose influence on art was at that time very great .
Lamin Conateh ( born 1 October 1981 in Bakau is a Gambian footballer , who currently plays for Arameiska - Syrianska Botkyrka IF .
Count Ferdinand August von Spiegel zum Desenberg und Canstein , ( 25 December 1764 in Marsberg -- 2 August 1835 in Cologne ) was Archbishop of Cologne from 1824 until 1835 .
Synval Silva ( Juiz de Fora , March 14 , 1911 - Rio de Janeiro , April 14 , 1994 ) was a singer and Brazilian composer .
Alojzije Mišić ( 10 November 1859 , Bosanska Gradiška -- 26 March 1942 , Mostar ) was the Bishop of Mostar - Duvno and Apostolic Administrator of Trebinje - Mrkan from 1912 - 42 .
Peter Alma ( 18 January , 1868 Medan-23 May 1969 Amsterdam ) was a Dutch artist .
Moritz Richard Schomburgk ( 5 October 1811 -- 24 March 1891 ) , generally known as Richard Schomburgk , was a German botanist and curator of the Adelaide Botanic Garden .
Giulio Ascoli ( 20 January 1843 , Trieste -- 12 July 1896 , Milan ) was an Italian mathematician .
Carlo Giuseppe Guglielmo Botta ( November 6 , 1766 , San Giorgio Canavese , Piedmont -- August 10 , 1837 , Paris ) was an Italian historian .
Filippo II Colonna ( 7 April 1663 in Rome -- 8 November 1714 in Rome ) , 9th Duke and Prince of Paliano , was an Italian nobleman of the prominent Colonna family .
Xavier Zubiri ( Donostia - San Sebastián , Gipuzkoa , Spain , 4 December 1898 -- Madrid , 21 September 1983 ) was a Spanish philosopher .
James Waddell Alexander II ( September 19 , 1888 -- September 23 , 1971 ) was a mathematician and topologist of the pre - World War II era and part of an influential Princeton topology elite , which included Oswald Veblen , Solomon Lefschetz , and others .
Predrag Đajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Предраг Ђајић ) ( May 1 , 1922 in Sarajevo , Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes -- May 13 , 1979 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a notable Bosnian Serb and Yugoslav footballer .
Emanuel Grim ( 1 January 1883 -- 18 October 1950 ) was a Polish Catholic priest , writer and journalist from the region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Emil Bretschneider ( 4 July ( O.S. 22 June ) 1833 in Bankaushof ( now Benkavas muiža , Saldus novads , Latvia ) -- 12 May ( O.S. 29 April ) 1901 in Saint Petersburg ) was a sinologist of Baltic German ethnicity and a correspondent member of Académie française .
Arthur Jeffery ( 18 October 1892 in Melbourne -- 2 August 1959 in South Milford , Nova Scotia , Canada ) was a Protestant Australian professor of Semitic languages from 1921 at the School of Oriental Studies in Cairo , and from 1938 until his death jointly at Columbia University and Union Theological Seminary in New York City .
Yolanda Barco was born on 13 March 1926 in Meadville , Pennsylvania , where she would live for the rest of her life .
Andrew Smith Hallidie ( March 16 , 1836 - -April 24 , 1900 ) was the promoter of the Clay Street Hill Railroad in San Francisco , USA .
Karel Kaers ran a bar inside the entrance to the Sportpaleis track in Antwerp after he stopped racing .
In 1970 Gilles Caron went to Cambodia after king Norodom Sihanouk was deposed by Lon Nol on March 18 , 1970 .
Francesco Verri ( June 11 , 1885 , Mantua -- June 6 , 1945 , Piombino ) was an Italian track cycling racer who won three gold medals at the 1906 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Ludvík Aškenazy ( February 24 , 1921 , Český Těšín -- March 18 , 1986 , Bolzano , Italy ) was a Czech writer and journalist .
Friedrich Rittelmeyer ( 5 October 1872 , Dillingen an der Donau , Bavarian Swabia -- 23 March 1938 in Hamburg ) was a Protestant German minister , theologian and co - founder and driving force of The Christian Community .
Del Reisman was born on April 13 , 1924 , and raised in Los Angeles .
Maurice Kraitchik ( born April 21 , 1882 in Minsk , died Aug. 19 , 1957 in Brussels ) was a Belgian mathematician and populariser .
Teodoro de Croix ( June 20 , 1730 , Prévoté Castle , near Lille , France -- 1792 , Madrid ) was a Spanish soldier and colonial official in New Spain and Peru .
Ádám Mányoki ( 1673 , Szokolya - 6 August 1757 , Dresden ) was a Hungarian Baroque portrait painter .
Pier Leone Ghezzi ( 28 June 1674 -- 6 March 1755 ) was an Italian Rococo painter and caricaturist active in Rome .
Marcel Hastir ( Brussels , 22 March 1906 -- 2 July 2011 ( aged 105 ) ) , was an artist , theosoph and member of the Belgian wartime Resistance .
Helene Böhlau ( 22 November 1859 in Weimar -- 26 March 1940 in Augsburg ) was a German novelist .
Elisabeth Blochmann ( German : ( ˈblɔχman ) ; 14 April 1892 in Apolda -- 27 January 1972 in Marburg ) was an eminent scholar of education , as well as of philosophy , and a pioneer in and researcher of women 's education in Germany .
George Claridge Druce , MA , LLD , JP , FRS , FLS ( 23 May 1850 -- 29 February 1932 ) was an English botanist and a Mayor of Oxford .
Nusret Çolpan ( October 1 , 1952 -- May 31 , 2008 ) was a Turkish painter , architect and miniaturist , renowned for his paintings in Ottoman miniature style depicting cities around the world , particularly Istanbul .
Alfonso Barrantes Lingán ( San Miguel de Pallaques , November 27 , 1927 -- Havana , December 2 , 2000 ) was a Peruvian politician most active in the mid-1980s .
Lois Wyse opened her advertising company in New York City in 1966 .
Duchess Anna Sophie of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg ( 22 December 1670 -- 28 December 1728 ) was a princess of Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg and Duchess in Saxony by birth , and by marriage a Princess of Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt .
Stanisław Mazur ( born 1 January 1905 , Lemberg - 5 November 1981 , Warsaw ) was a Polish mathematician and a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences .
( Thubten ) Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen , aka Thupten Jampel Yishey Gyantsen , Tibetan : ཐུབ་བསྟན་འཇམ་དཔལ་ཡེ་ཤེས་རྒྱལ་མཚན་ , Wylie : thub - bstan ' jam - dpal ye - shes rgyal - mtshan ( Dagpo , 1910 - Lhasa , 1947 ) was a Tibetan tulku and the fifth Reting Rinpoche .
Ján Podhradský ( 31 August 1917 -- 15 December 1998 ) is a former Slovak international footballer who last played for ŠK Bratislava .
Johann Arzberger ( 10 April 1778 , Arzberg , Sechsämterland , Bayreuth Princedom/(today 's ) Upper Franconia -- 28 December 1835 , Vienna ) was a German - born Austrian technologist .
Adam Petri ( 1454 in Langendorf ( now part of Elfershausen ) in Franconia -- November 15 , 1527 in Basel ) was a printer , publisher and bookseller .
Antoine de Vinck , Baron ( 16 April 1924 Kortenaken , Belgium - 13 May 1992 Auxerre , France ) , was a Belgian ceramist , designer and sculptor .
Joseph Salzmann , one of the best known Roman Catholic pioneer priests of the Northwest of the USA , was the Austrian founder of several Catholic educational institutions , including the prominent St. Francis Provincial Seminary ( St. Francis , Wisconsin ) known as the `` Salesianum '' .
Arvid Harnack was sentenced to death on 19 December after a four - day trial before the Reichskriegsgericht ( `` Reich Military Tribunal '' ) , and was put to death three days later at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin .
Friedrich Wilhelm Ehrenfried Rost ( 11 April 1768 , Bautzen -- 12 February 1835 , Leipzig ) was a German theologian , philosopher and classical philologist .
Beveridge Webster ( May 13 , 1908 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania -- June 30 , 1999 , Hanover , New Hampshire ) was an American pianist and educator .
Modesta Bor ( Juan Griego , Isla de Margarita , 1926 -- Mérida , 1998 ) was a Venezuelan choir conductor , musicologist , teacher and composer .
Aram Achekbashian ( Armenian : Արամ Աչըքպաշյան , 1867 in Arapgir - 1915 in Constantinople ) was an Armenian politician who became a member of Social - Democrat Hunchakian Party Central Committee in 1903 .
Nuto Revelli ( 21 July 1919 , Cuneo , Piedmont -- 5 February 2004 ) was an Italian essayist .
Erik Thorvaldsson ( Old Norse : Eiríkr Þorvaldsson ; 950 -- c. 1003 ) , known as Erik the Red ( Old Norse : Eiríkr hinn rauði ) , is remembered in medieval and Icelandic saga sources as having founded the first Norse settlement in Greenland .
Grandma Moses died on December 13 , 1961 at 101 years of age in Hoosick Falls , New York at the Health Center .
Joseph Burtt Davy ( 7 March 1870 Findern , Derbyshire -- 20 August 1940 Birmingham ) was a Quaker botanist and agrostologist .
Freisler sentenced him to death for his part in the plot to assassinate Hitler , and Roland von Hößlin was hanged that same afternoon at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin .
Marian Biskup ( December 19 , 1922 -- April 16 , 2012 ) was a Polish author and academic , who specialized in the history of Toruń and Copernicus .
Gabriele Giolito de ' Ferrari ( c. 1508 -- 1578 ) was a 16th - century Italian printer active in Venice .
Rear Admiral Armar Lowry Corry ( 1793 - 1 May 1855 , in Paris ) was a British naval officer .
Sir Charles Alfred Bell , KCIE was born October 31 , 1870 in Calcutta and died March 8 , 1945 in Victoria , Canada .
Alessandro Mattei ( 20 February 1744 , Rome -- 20 April 1820 ) was an Italian Cardinal , and a significant figure in papal diplomacy of the Napoleonic period .
Mal Hallett ( born 1893 , Roxbury , Massachusetts - d. November 20 , 1952 , Boston ) was an American jazz violinist and bandleader .
Michael Apostolius ( Greek : Μιχαὴλ Ἀποστόλιος or Μιχαὴλ Ἀποστόλης ; c. 1420 in Constantinople -- after 1474 or 1486 , possibly in Venetian Crete ) or Apostolius Paroemiographus , i.e. Apostolius the proverb - writer , was a Greek teacher , writer and copyist who lived in the fifteenth century .
While on his way to a literary colloquium with several other Flemish and Dutch poets and writers ( amongst them Hugo Claus , Anna Enquist and Gerrit Komrij ) , Herman de Coninck collapsed in the streets of Lisbon , Portugal on May 22 , 1997 .
Max Poepel ( 21 October 1896 -- 28 August 1966 ) was the acting Lord Mayor ( Oberbürgermeister ) of Aue in the German federal state of Saxony from the end of 1945 .
Morgan Crofton ( 1826 , Dublin , Ireland -- 1915 , Brighton , England ) was an Irish mathematician who contributed to the field of geometric probability theory .
Peter Rühmkorf ( Dortmund , 25 October 1929 -- Roseburg , Schleswig - Holstein , 8 June 2008 ) was a German writer who significantly influenced German post - war literature .
František Josef Studnička ( 1836 , Soběslav - 1903 ) was a Czech mathematician and popular pedagogue at Charles University in Prague .
Johann Nepomuk Brischar or Johann Nepomucene Brischar ( 22 August 1819 , Horb , Württemberg -- 11 April 1897 , Bühl ) was a Roman Catholic church historian .
Charles Crupelandt ( 23 October 1886 , Wattrelos , Nord - 18 February 1955 , Roubaix ) was a French professional road bicycle racer .
Jean - Baptiste Pitrot ( 22 May 1729 , Bordeaux - 4 January 1809 , Brussels ) , called Pitrot cadet ( Pitrot the younger ) to distinguish him from his elder brother Antoine , was a French dancer and balletmaster .
Katherine McDonald Wimp née Katherine McDonald stage name Kay Davis ( December 5 , 1920 -- January 27 , 2012 in Apopka , Florida ) was an American jazz singer best known for her time with the orchestra of Duke Ellington .
Ammonius Saccas ( /əˈmoʊniəs/ ; Greek : Ἀμμώνιος Σακκᾶς ; fl . 3rd century AD ) was a Greek philosopher from Alexandria who was often referred to as one of the founders of Neoplatonism .
Antonio Bacchetti ( born 7 March 1923 in Codroipo ; died in 1979 in Udine ) was an Italian footballer .
Andreas Fugger ( 1406 or 1394 , Augsburg - 1457 , Augsburg ) , known as `` der Reiche '' , was a German businessman .
Armand - Jérôme Bignon ( 21 October 1711 , Paris -- 8 March 1772 , Paris ) was a French lawyer , royal librarian and conseiller d'État .
Harijs Lazdiņš ( 25 July 1910 in Liepāja -- 23 August 1988 in Kingston , Ontario ) was a Latvian football goalkeeper who played for Olimpija Liepāja and Latvia national football team in 1920s-1930s .
Albrecht Alt ( 20 September 1883 in Stübach ( Franconia ) -- 24 April 1956 in Leipzig ) , was a leading German Protestant theologian .
Heinrich Friese ( Heinrich Friedrich August Karl Ludwig Friese , was born on 4 May , 1860 in Schwerin , and died 8 September , 1948 in Schwerin ) was a German biologist and entomologist , specialist of bees .
Hildebert of Lavardin ( or Hildebert of Tours ) ( c. 1055 -- December 18 , 1133 ) was a French writer and ecclesiastic .
Hippolyte Visart de Bocarmé ( Weltevreden , Java 14 June 1818 -- Mons , Belgium 19 July 1851 ) was a Belgian noble man and convicted murderer .
György Jendrassik ( 1898 Budapest -- 1954 London ) was a Hungarian physicist and mechanical engineer .
Jean Gautherin ( 28 December 1840 - 21 July 1890 ) was a French sculptor and painter particularly known for his marble and bronze statues commissioned by the City of Paris .
Ignaz Anton Demeter ( 1 August 1773 -- 21 March 1842 ) was a Roman Catholic priest , talented as a teacher and church musician , who served as the Archbishop of Freiburg i m Breisgau from 1836 till his death five years later .
Raymond Louis Wilder ( 3 November 1896 , Palmer , Massachusetts -- 7 July 1982 , Santa Barbara , California ) was an American mathematician , who specialized in topology and gradually acquired philosophical and anthropological interests .
Ernest George Meers ( 1848 , Ashford , Kent ; -- 20 August 1928 , York ) was an English tennis player .
Vahagn Davtyan ( Armenian : Վահագն Դավթյան ) ( born August 15 , 1922 , Arabkir , Turkey - died 1996 , Yerevan ) was an Armenian writer .
Alexey Tsereteli ( Russian : Алексей Акакиевич Церетели ; 1864 , Saint Petersburg , Russian Empire -- 1942 , Paris , France ) was a Georgian prince and he was a Russian opera entrepreneur .
The Honounorable John Murdoch Mitchison FRS , FRSE ( 11 June 1922 , Oxford -- 17 March 2011 , Edinburgh ) was a British zoologist .
Max Ilgner ( born 28 June 1899 in Biebesheim am Rhein - died 28 March 1966 in Schwetzingen ) was a German industrialist .
Leo Lemešić ( 8 June 1908 in Sinj -- 15 August 1978 in Split ) was a Croatian football striker and later a football manager .
Mart Port ( 4 January 1922 in Pärnu -- 3 February 2012 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian architect and pedagogue .
Bernardo Cavallino ( 1616 - -1656 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , working in Naples .
Otto Hammann ( 23 January 1852 in Blankenhain -- 18 June 1928 in Fürstenberg / Havel ) was a German journalist and a German Foreign Office official 1894 - 1916 .
Christoph von Schmid ( 15 August 1768 Dinkelsbühl , Bavaria - 3 September 1854 Augsburg ) was a writer of children 's stories and an educator .
Walter Dirks ( 8 January 1901 in Hörde -- 30 May 1991 in Wittnau , Baden - Württemberg ) was a German political commentator , theologian , and journalist .
Carlo Caneva ( 22 April 1845 , Udine -- 25 September 1922 , Rome ) was an Italian general , known for having led the conquest of Libya in the Italo - Turkish War .
Frits Philips was born in the city of Eindhoven in the south of the Netherlands .
Frederik Ferdinand Friis was born in Copenhagen on 16 December 1793 to master builder and fountain master Peder Friis and Henriette Johanne née West .
T. Lux Feininger ( June 11 , 1910 Berlin -- July 7 , 2011 Cambridge ) was an American painter , avant - garde photographer , author , and art teacher who was born in Berlin to Julia Berg and Lyonel Charles Feininger , an American living in Germany from the age of sixteen .
Christfried Kirch ( * December 24 , 1694 in Guben ; † March 9 , 1740 in Berlin ) was a German astronomer and almanac publisher .
Jean de Limur ( 13 November 1887 , Vouhé , Charente - Maritime - 5 June 1976 , Paris ) was a French film director , actor and screenwriter .
He was also a communist militant and that was always present in its work , the Portuguese Communist Party headquarters ( Soeiro Pereira Gomes Building ) , in Lisbon , are named after him .
Jill Phipps ( 15 January 1964 -- 1 February 1995 ) was a British animal rights activist who was crushed to death during an animal rights protest in Baginton , Warwickshire , England , when she deliberately stepped in front of a lorry transporting live veal calves heading for continental Europe via Coventry Airport .
Antonio Pietrangeli ( born 19 January 1919 in Rome , died 12 July 1968 in Gaeta ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter .
Hermann Pokorny ( Kroměříž , Austro - Hungarian Empire , 1882 - -1960 , Budapest , Hungary ) was a World War I Austro - Hungarian Army cryptologist whose work with Russian ciphers contributed substantially to Central Powers victories over Russia .
Henry Rudolph Immerwahr ( born February 28 , 1916 , in Breslau , Germany ( now Wroclaw , Poland ) , died September 15 , 2013 , in Chapel Hill , North Carolina ) was a Classicist known for his work on Attic scripts and Greek epigraphy .
Magnus Hjalmar Munsterhjelm ( 19 October 1840 , Tuulos - 2 April 1905 , Helsinki ) was a Swedish - Finnish landscape painter .
Reinhard Maack ( 2 October 1892 in Herford -- 26 August 1969 in Curitiba ) was a 20th - century German explorer , geologist and geographer .
Roberto Valturio ( 1405 - -1475 ) was an Italian engineer and writer born in Rimini .
Warring Kennedy ( November 12 , 1827 -- June 25 , 1904 ) was Mayor of Toronto from 1894 to 1895 .
Juan Pío de Tristán y Moscoso ( in full , Juan Pío de Tristán y Moscoso ) ( July 11 , 1773 , Arequipa Peru -- August 24 , 1860 , Lima ) was a Peruvian general and politician .
Peter Munz ( 12 May 1921 -- 14 October 2006 ) was a philosopher and historian , Professor of the Victoria University of Wellington ; among the major influences on his work were Karl Popper and Ludwig Wittgenstein .
Lodovico Ligato ( August 15 , 1939 -- August 27 , 1989 ) was an Italian Christian Democrat politician from Reggio Calabria and the former head of the Italian State Railways .
José María Calatrava y Peinado ( Mérida , Spain , 26 February 1781 -- Madrid , 16 January 1846 ) was a Spanish politician who served as Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of State between 1836 and 1837 .
The last ship Fop Smit laid down was the clipper Nestor , but he died in Nieuw - Lekkerland at age 89 before he could complete this .
Pasquale Ottino ( 1578 in Verona -- 1630 in Verona ) , was an Italian painter .
Arnoldus Johannes Eymer ( 1803 , Amsterdam -- 1863 , Haarlem ) , was a painter , draftsman , lithographer and watercolourist from the Northern Netherlands .
James Earp died of natural causes in San Bernardino , California , on January 25 , 1926 .
Amalie of the Palatinate ( 25 July 1490 in Heidelberg -- 6 January 1524 , Szczecin ) was a member of the Wittelsbach family and a Countess Palatine of Simmern by birth and Duchess of Pomerania - Wolgast by marriage .
Vincenzo Danti ( 1530 -- 26 May 1576 ) was an Italian Renaissance sculptor from Perugia .
Marcel Pinel ( born 8 July 1908 in Honfleur ( Calvados ) and died 18 March 1968 ) was a French footballer .
Elizeth Moreira Cardoso ( sometimes listed as Elizete Cardoso ) ( Rio de Janeiro , July 16 , 1920 -- May 7 , 1990 ) , was a singer and actress of great renown in Brazil .
Maurice Gillet ( Montoir , 8 March 1763 -- Nantes , 14 April 1833 ) was a French navy officer .
Friedrich von Scholtz ( born 24 March 1851 in Flensburg ; died 30 April 1927 in Ballenstedt ) was a German general , who served as commander of 20th Corps and the 8th Army of the German Empire on the Eastern Front in the First World War and later as commander of Army Group Scholtz on the Macedonian Front .
Antonio Canevari ( Rome , 1681 - - Naples , 1764 ) was an Italian architect of the Rococo and Neoclassical periods .
Raffaele Adorno ( Genoa , 1375 - Genova , July 1458 ) was the twenty - ninth Doge of Genoa .
Ivan Tabaković ( 10 December 1898 , Arad -- 27 June 1977 , Belgrade ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Serbian painter .
'' Earl Kerkam died on January 12 , 1965 in New York City .
Heinrich Caro ( February 13 , 1834 in Posen , Prussia Germany now Poznań , Poland -- September 11 , 1910 in Dresden ) , was a German chemist .
Chester Arthur Burnett ( June 10 , 1910 -- January 10 , 1976 ) , known as Howlin ' Wolf , was an African - American Chicago blues singer , guitarist and harmonica player , originally from Mississippi .
Alexander Pierre Tureaud , Sr . , known as A. P. Tureaud ( February 26 , 1899 -- January 22 , 1972 ) , was the attorney for the New Orleans chapter of the NAACP during the civil rights movement .
Karl Schwanzer ( May 21 , 1918 in Vienna -- August 20 , 1975 , Vienna ) was an Austrian architect .
August Friedrich Adrian Diel ( born February 4 , 1756 in Gladenbach ; † April 22 , 1839 in Diez ) was a German physician and founder of Pomology at the turn of the 19th century .
Both parents were Jewish immigrants from a shtetl in the Ukraine , and -- although they were already married -- came to United States separately , shortly after World War I. Three years after Joe Flom was born in Baltimore , the family moved to Borough Park , Brooklyn , New York City , where Joseph Flom grew up .
Moriz Heider ( June 21 , 1816 , Vienna - July 29 , 1866 , Vienna ) was an Austrian dentist born in Vienna .
Solomon Frensdorff ( born at Hamburg , February 24 , 1803 ; died at Hanover , March 23 , 1880 ) was a German Jewish Hebraist .
Adriaan Reland ( also known as Adriaen Reeland / Reelant , Hadrianus Relandus ) ( July 17 , 1676 , De Rijp , North Holland -- February 5 , 1718 , Utrecht ) was a noted Dutch scholar , cartographer and philologist .
Agustín Argüelles ( Ribadesella , Asturias , August 18 , 1776 - Madrid , March 26 , 1844 ) was a Spanish liberal politician .
Marquis Alexandre de Prouville de Tracy died in Paris in the parish of Saint - Eustache on April 28 , 1670 .
Vincenzo Bianchini ( Viterbo , 1903 -- Geneva , 2000 ) was a doctor , painter , sculptor , writer , poet and philosopher .
Alfredo Martini ( 18 February 1921 -- 25 August 2014 ) was an Italian cyclist and coach from Sesto Fiorentino , north of Florence .
Anwar Solangi died after a long illness at the Civil Hospital , Karachi on April 3 , 2008 .
Marie of Brandenburg - Kulmbach ( born 14 October 1519 in Ansbach -- died 31 October 1567 in Heidelberg ) was a Princess of Brandenburg - Kulmbach and by marriage Electress Palatine .
Charles Benvignat ( 24 December 1805 , Boulogne - sur - Mer , Pas - de - Calais -- July 1877 , Lille ) was a French architect , especially active in Lille , then undergoing major urban expansion .
Kārlis Bētiņš ( Karlis Betins , Karl Behting ) ( 27 October 1867 , Bērzmuiža -- 28 March 1943 , Riga ) was a Latvian chess master and composer of studies .
Louis Braille was born in Coupvray , France , a small town about twenty miles east of Paris .
Josse - François - Joseph Benaut ( c.1743 , Gullegem , Belgium - 13 July 1794 , in what is now Place de la Nation , Paris ) was a Belgian composer , organist and harpsichordist who was guillotined during the French Revolution .
Richard Ermisch ( full name : Georg Friedrich Richard Ermisch ) ( 17 June 1885 , Halle an der Saale , Saxony - Anhalt -- 7 December 1960 , Berlin ) was a German architect , painter and graphic designer .
Annely Juda CBE ( born Anneliese Emily Brauer ; September 23 , 1914 -- August 13 , 2006 ) was a German art dealer known for founding the Annely Juda Fine Arts gallery in London .
Fatio was born as Victor Fatio de Beaumont in Geneva .
Antonio Fernández Arias ( around 1614 in Madrid-1684 in Madrid ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period .
Charles - Joseph , 4th Duke d'Ursel ( Brussels , 9 August 1777 -- Hingene , 27 September 1860 ) was a statesman and minister in the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and later Belgium .
Ghanem Ibrahim al - Hassan was a Syrian Brigadier General who was shot and killed in Idlib by armed opposition fighters during the Syrian Civil War , in the 2011 Idlib clashes , according to Syrian state media SANA .
Giacomo Gastaldi ( c. 1500 in Villafranca Piemonte -- October 1566 in Venice ) was an Italian cartographer , astronomer and engineer of the 16th century .
Josep Prades i Gallent ( Spanish : José Pradas Gallén ) ( 1689 - -1757 ; born and died in Villahermosa del Río , Castelló ) was a Spanish organist and composer at Valencia Cathedral during the Baroque period .
Lamberto Maggiorani ( 28 August 1909 in Rome -- 22 April 1983 in Rome ) was an Italian actor notable for his portrayal of Antonio Ricci in Bicycle Thieves .
Heinrich Hubert Maria Josef Houben ( born 27 . October 1875 in Waldfeucht ( Rheinland ) Germany , died 28 . June 1940 in Tübingen ) was a German chemist .
Frank Lawton ( 30 September 1904 , St Giles , London - 10 June 1969 , Marylebone , London ) was an English actor .
Heinrich Daniel Ruhmkorff ( Rühmkorff ) ( January 15 , 1803 in Hanover -- December 19 , 1877 in Paris ) was a German instrument maker who commercialised the induction coil ( often referred to as the Ruhmkorff coil . )
John Nevill Eliot ( died 11 April 2003 in Taunton ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Oriental Lepidoptera especially Lycaenidae .
Anson Weeks ( February 14 , 1896 , Oakland , California -- February 7 , 1969 , Sacramento , California ) was a pianist and the leader of a popular west coast dance band from the late 1920s through the 1960s , primarily in San Francisco .
Mario Maskareli ( Montenegrin : Mario Maskareli ; Serbian Cyrillic : Марио Маскарели ) ( Cetinje , 20 October 1918 -- Risan , 26 August 1996 ) , a Yugoslav painter , graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade , Department of Painting in 1951 , with Professor Nedeljko Gvozdenović .
Tenho Saurén ( 1 September 1926 , Viiala , now a part of Akaa - 21 March 2001 Tampere , Finland ) was a Finnish actor and comic .
Augusto Monti ( 29 August 1881 in Monastero Bormida -- 11 July 1966 in Rome ) was an Italian writer and professor .
Oskar Langendorff ( b. 1 February 1853 in Breslau , d. 10 May 1908 in Rostock ; his first name is sometimes given as `` Oscar '' ) was a German physician and physiologist known primarily for his experiments on the isolated perfused heart , the so - called Langendorff Heart apparatus .
Ulrich , Duke of Mecklenburg ( 5 March 1527 -- 14 March 1603 ) was Duke of Mecklenburg ( -Güstrow ) from 1555 - 56 to 1603 .
Kai Fjell died in his home at Lysaker .
Disliking his stepmother , Giovanni Ricci traveled to Rome at age 15 , seeking the protection of his father 's friend Tarugi , a nobleman from Montepulciano , who could not convince the youth to return to Montepulciano .
Arthur Max Barrett , MD ( 28 July 1909 -- 11 December 1961 ) , also known as Dr. A. M. Barrett , was a university morbid anatomist and histologist at the University of Cambridge , and an honorary consulting pathologist to the United Cambridge Hospitals and to the East Anglian Regional Hospital Board .
Karl Wald ( 17 February 1916 in Frankfurt am Main -- 26 July 2011 in Penzberg ) was a German football referee .
Mikhail Goussarov ( March 8 , 1958 , Leningrad -- June 25 , 1999 , Tel Aviv ) was a Soviet mathematician who worked in low - dimensional topology .
Max Schippel ( 6 Dec 1859 , Chemnitz - 6 June 1928 Dresden ) was German Social Democrat journalist and writer .
Villem Grünthal - Ridala , born Grünthal - Wilhelm ( 30 May 1885 in Kuivastu , Muhu , Estonia - 16 January 1942 in Helsinki , Finland ) was an Estonian poet , translator , linguist and folklorist .
Manuel del Cabral ( 7 March 1907 , Santiago de los Caballeros , Dominican Republic -- 14 May 1999 , Santo Domingo ) was a Dominican poet , writer , and diplomat .
Rober Eryol died in September 2000 in Maltepe , Istanbul .
Annie Webb Blanton ( 19 August 1870 Houston -- 2 October 1945 Austin ) was an American suffragist from Texas , educator , and author of a series of grammar textbooks .
Antonio Calegari ( Padua , 17 February 1757 - 22 or 28 July 1828 ) was an Italian baroque composer .
Born in Uccle , Belgium , Gottfried von Bismarck - Schönhausen was the second son of Ferdinand , Prince von Bismarck and grandson of Otto , Prince von Bismarck , a diplomat at Germany 's embassy in London until a feud with Third Reich foreign minister Joachim von Ribbentrop .
Jean Filliozat ( 4 November 1906 in Paris -- 27 October 1982 in Paris ) was a French author .
Amos Vogel ( born Amos Vogelbaum ; April 18 , 1921 -- April 24 , 2012 ) was a New York City cineaste .
Lieutenant General Bronisław Kwiatkowski ( May 5 , 1950 in Mazury -- April 10 , 2010 in Smolensk ) was a Polish military figure , Commander of the Polish Armed Forces Operational Command .
Born in Brognard , France , in the department of Doubs near Montbéliard , Pierre Widmer was raised in a Mennonite family .
Rabbi Mordechai Gifter ( October 15 , 1915 - January 18 , 2001 ) was the rosh yeshiva of the Telz Yeshiva in Cleveland and among the foremost religious leaders of Orthodox Jewry in the late 20th century .
Hans Blüher ( 17 February 1888 in Freiburg in Schlesien - 4 February 1955 in Berlin ) was a German writer and philosopher .
Gottlob Müller was killed during the Battle of Berlin , while defending Gatow airfield .
George Dewhurst ( born 1889 in Preston , Lancashire , England - died 8 November1968 in Tooting , London , England ) was a British actor , screenwriter and film director .
João das Regras was born in Lisbon in an unknown date and died there on 3 May 1404 .
Mario Borrelli ( Naples , 19 September 1922 -- Oxford , 13 February 2007 ) was a Neapolitan priest , sociologist and educationist .
Rolf de Maré died of a stroke in Barcelona in 1964 .
Emil Badorrek was shot down on 26 December 1944 over Kraków , Poland .
Robert of Luzarches ( born in Luzarches near Pontoise towards the end of the twelfth century ) was a French architect who worked on the cathedral of Notre Dame in Amiens .
Miguel Najdorf ( April 15 , 1910 in Grodzisk Mazowiecki near Warsaw , Russian Empire -- July 4 , 1997 in Málaga , Spain ) was a Polish - Argentine chess grandmaster , famous for his Najdorf Variation .
Bella Lewitzky ( January 13 , 1916 , Los Angeles , California -- July 16 , 2004 , Pasadena , California ) was a modern dance choreographer and noted teacher .
Anton Zimmermann ( 1741 in Široká Niva ( Breitenau ) -- 1781 in Bratislava ) was a Silesian - born composer and contemporary of Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Carl Adolph Agardh ( 23 January 1785 , Båstad , Sweden - 28 January 1859 , Karlstad ) was a Swedish botanist specializing in algae , who was eventually appointed bishop of Karlstad .
Eric Flynn died of cancer at his home in Pembrokeshire , Wales , on 4 March 2002 , aged 62 .
Bali Ram Bhagat died in New Delhi on 2 January 2011 .
Salomon van Abbé ( born Amsterdam , 31 July 1883 , died London , 28 February 1955 ) , also known as Jack van Abbé or Jack Abbey , was an artist , etcher and illustrator of books and magazines .
Domenico Giacobazzi was born in Rome in 1444 , the son of a Roman patrician , Cristoforo Giacobazzi de Facheschis .
Heinz - Klaus Metzger ( 6 February 1932 , Konstanz -- 25 October 2009 , Berlin ) was a German music critic and theorist .
Nassos Daphnis ( born July 23 , 1914 , Krokeai , Greece -- d. November 23 , 2010 , Provincetown , Massachusetts , U.S. ) was a Greek - born American abstract painter , sculptor and tree peony breeder .
The French sculptor Victor Sappey was born in Grenoble in Isère on 11 February 1801 and died on 23 March 1856 .
Hans Emil Wohlwill ( November 24 , 1835 in Seesen -- February 2 , 1912 in Hamburg ) was a German - Jewish engineer of electrochemistry .
Samuel Kercheval ( March 1767 in Frederick County , Virginia -- 14 November 1845 in Middletown , Virginia ) was a Virginia lawyer and author .
Gasparo Cairano , also known as Gasparo da Cairano , de Cayrano , da Milano , Coirano , and other variations ( born Milan or Pieve del Cairo or Cairate , before 1489 - Brescia , died before 1517 ) , was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance .
Samuel Hirszenberg ( also Shmuel Hirschenberg ) ( Łódź , February 22 , 1865 -- September 15 , 1908 , Jerusalem ) was a Polish - Jewish realist painter active in the late 19th and early 20th century .
Mel Dinelli ( born 6 October 1912 , Albuquerque , New Mexico - d. 28 November 1991 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American writer for theatre , radio , film and magazines , usually in the suspense genre .
Regina Kent ( September 4 , 1967 -- August 16 , 1999 ) was a Hong Kong actress who acted in some notable Hong Kong films in the 1980s .
Bernard Borderie ( born 10 June 1924 in Paris ; died 28 May 1978 in Paris ) , son of Raymond Borderie , one of the producers of Les Enfants du Paradis ( Children of Paradise , 1945 ) , was a French film director and screenwriter .
Franz Werner ( 15 August 1867 in Vienna - 28 February 1939 in Vienna ) was an Austrian zoologist and explorer .
Jacob Millman ( 1911 in Novohrad - Volynskyi , Ukraine -- May 22 , 1991 in Longboat Key , Florida ) was a professor of Electrical Engineering at Columbia University .
Paolo Serrao ( 11 April 1830 -- 17 March 1907 ) was a distinguished and influential Italian teacher of musical theory and composition at Naples .
Everard t'Serclaes ( c. 1320 -- 31 March 1388 ) , lord of Kruikenburg ( alternatively Cruyckembourg ) , a citizen of Brussels , was made famous by his recovery of that city from the Flemings .
Chloethiel Woodard Smith ( February 2 , 1910 -- December 30 , 1992 ) was an influential American modernist architect and urban planner whose career was centered in Washington , D.C.
Franz Quaglio ( 22 April 1844 , Munich - 19 February 1920 , Wasserburg am Inn ) was a German painter from a branch of the Quaglio painting family that had settled in Munich during the 18th Century .
Gabriel de Saint - Aubin , also Gabriel Jacques de Saint - Aubin , ( Paris , April 14 , 1724 - Paris , February 14 , 1780 ) was a French draftsman , printmaker , etcher and painter .
Francesco Gnecchi ( 8 September 1847 , Milan -- 15 June 1919 , Rome ) was an Italian painter and numismatist .
Jean - Baptiste de La Chapelle ( c.1710 - -1792 , Paris ) was a French priest , mathematician and inventor .
Procopius of Ustyug ( Russian : Прокопий Устюжский or Святой Прокопий Любекский , German : Prokopius von Ustjug und Lübeck ; 1243 ? -- July 8 , 1303 in Veliky Ustyug ) was a fool for Christ ( yurodivy ) , a miracle worker , saint of Russian Orthodox Church , formerly a merchant from Lübeck .
The Diaries of John Ruskin eds . Joan Evans and John Howard Whitehouse ( Clarendon Press , 1956 - -59 ) The Brantwood Diary of John Ruskin ed . Helen Gill Viljoen ( Yale University Press , 1971 ) A Tour of the Lakes in Cumbria .
He is best known for his photographs of Dresden just after the end of World War II . Richard Peter was born and raised in Silesia , working as a smith and a miner while dabbling in photography .
Jacob Jan Coenraad Spohler ( 1837 in Amsterdam -- 1894 ) , was a Dutch painter .
Hans Frangenheim ( January 18 , 1920 in Köln , Germany -- September 22 , 2001 in Konstanz , Germany ) was a German gynecologist and a pioneer in gynecologic laparoscopy .
Willem de Clercq was born in Amsterdam to a wealthy Amsterdam Mennonite family of grain merchants .
Adalbert of Saxony ( 8 May 1467 in Meissen -- 1 May 1484 in Aschaffenburg ) was administrator of the Archdiocese of Mainz as Adalbart III . Adalbert was the son of Elector Ernest of Saxony and his wife Elisabeth of Bavaria - Munich .
Matthew Steele ( 19 February 1878 -- 12 December 1937 ) was a Scottish architect , who worked principally in his hometown of Bo'ness and the surrounding area .
Mario Acerbi ( 1 July 1913 in Lodi -- 20 February 2010 in Lodi ) was a professional Italian football player .
John Finley Crowe ( June 16 , 1787 - January 17 , 1860 ) was a Presbyterian minister and the founder of Hanover College in Hanover , Indiana .
Count Antonio Hercolani Fava Simonetti ( Bologna , 22 January 1883 -- Bologna , 18 June 1962 ) , born Antonio Hercolani , was a member of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta .
Frenzel 's role as Solibor Camp Commandant was featured in the PBS TV Movie `` Escape from a Nazi Death Camp '' ( 2014 ) Karl Frenzel spent the last years of his life in a retirement home in Garbsen near Hannover , where he died on September 2 , 1996 .
Charles DeRudio died in 1910 in Pasadena , California , of bronchial catarrh and acute enteritis .
George Alexander Macfarren was born in London on 2 March 1813 to George Macfarren , a dancing - master , dramatic author and journalist , who later became the editor of the Musical World , and Elizabeth Macfarren , née Jackson .
Teddy Hill ( December 7 , 1909 in Birmingham , Alabama -- May 19 , 1978 in Cleveland , Ohio ) was a big band leader and the manager of Minton 's Playhouse , a seminal jazz club in Harlem .
Sabine Lepsius ( 15 January 1864 , Berlin -- 22 November 1942 , Bayreuth ) was a German portrait painter .
William Hornbeck ( born August 23 , 1901 , Los Angeles , California - died October 19 , 1983 Ventura , California ) was an American film editor .
Richard Hesse ( 20 February 1868 in Nordhausen - 28 December 1944 in Berlin ) was a German zoologist and ecologist .
Mona Maris ( November 7 , 1903 -- March 23 , 1991 ) was an Argentine film actress who was born in Buenos Aires .
Leonardo Loredan ( or Loredano ) ( November 16 , 1436 -- June 21 , 1521 ) of the Loredan family was the doge of the Republic of Venice from 1501 until his death , in the course of the War of the League of Cambrai .
Otto Brunner ( 21 April 1898 in Mödling , Lower Austria -- 12 June 1982 in Hamburg ) was an Austrian historian .
Antoni Uniechowski , of Ostoja coat of arms ( 23 February 1903 in Wilno - 28 May 1976 in Warsaw ) was a Polish illustrator .
Claude de Vin des Œillets , known as Mademoiselle des Œillets ( Provence 1637 -- Paris , May 1687 ) , was a mistress of Louis XIV of France and the companion of the official royal mistress and favourite Madame de Montespan .
Max Lehrs ( 24 June 1855 , Berlin -- 12 November 1938 , Dresden ) was a German art historian and long - time director of the Dresden Kupferstichskabinett , 1896 - 1904 , and 1908 - 1924 , with the intervening as director in Berlin .
Raoul de Warren ( born 5 September 1905 in Lyon - d. 5 March 1992 in Paris ) was a writer , historian , genealogist and lawyer .
Robert MacBryde died in 1966 in Dublin as a result of a street accident .
Antonio Ermolao Paoletti ( May 8 , 1834 in Venice -- December 13 , 1912 in Venice ) was an Italian painter , mainly of Venetian genre scenes , recalling Bamboccianti life of children and women , as well as sacred fresco work for churches in the Veneto .
Sir William Christopher Leng , known as W. C. Leng ( 25 January 1825 -- 20 February 1902 ) was a newspaper publisher in Sheffield .
Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Jordan , sometimes shortened to Wilhelm Jordan ( 8 February 1819 in Insterburg in East Prussia , now in Russia -- 25 June 1904 in Frankfurt am Main ) , was a German writer and politician .
Christian Zervos ( Greek : Χρήστος Ζερβός ; Argostoli , Cefalonia , Greece , January 1 , 1889 -- September 12 , 1970 , Paris ) was a Greek - French art historian , critic , collector , writer and publisher .
Arnould de Vuez ( 1644 , Saint - Omer - 1720 ) was a painter of Flemish origin active in Lille from 1695 to 1720 .
Vittorio De Sica died at 73 after a surgery at the Neuilly - sur - Seine hospital in Paris .
B. J. Widick ( born Branko J. Widick in Okučani , present - day Serbia , October 25 , 1910 ; died Ann Arbor , Michigan , June 28 , 2008 ) was an American labor activist in the United Auto Workers union and socialist movements .
Adolf Eybel ( 1808 - -1882 ) , a German painter of historical and genre subjects and of portraits , was born at Berlin .
Józef Śliwiński ( b. Warsaw , 15 December 1865 ; d. 1930 ) was a Polish classical pianist , one of the outstanding interpreters of the poetic and romantic repertoire , especially Chopin and Schumann .
Leopold Grützmacher ( born in Dessau , Germany on 4 September 1835 , died in Weimar Germany on 26 February 1900 ) was a German cellist and composer .
Árpád Szendy ( ˈaːrpaːd ˈsɛndi ) ( born 11 August 1863 in Szarvas ; died 10 September 1922 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian pianist , composer and teacher .
Hector Boece ( /ˈbɔɪs/ ; also spelled Boyce or Boise ; 1465 - -1536 ) , known in Latin as Hector Boecius or Boethius , was a Scottish philosopher and historian , and the first Principal of King 's College in Aberdeen , a predecessor of the University of Aberdeen .
Ferenc Keszthelyi , O. Cist ( 16 March 1928 -- 6 December 2010 ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vác , Hungary .
Benoît Mottet de La Fontaine ( 4 July 1745 , in château de Compiègne -- 30 April 1820 , at rue des Capucins , Pondicherry ) was a French officer in the navy and colonies ministry .
Max Koecher ( born 20 January 1924 in Weimar ; died 7 February 1990 in Lengerich ) was a German mathematician .
Francesco Rier , also known as Franco Rier ( born December 2 , 1908 in Rovereto ; died in 1991 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Totila exiled Cerbonius instead , to the island of Elba .
Waldemar Thrane was born in Christiania ( now Olso ) , Norway .
Jenő Zádor ( 5 November 1894 , Bátaszék -- 4 April 1977 , Hollywood , California ) , also known as Eugene Zador , was a Hungarian - born , American - naturalized composer .
Richard Laugs ( 10 March 1907 in Hagen - 1978 in Mannheim ) was a well - known German conductor and pianist .
Hieronymus Wierix ( 1553 - -1619 ) was a Flemish engraver and member of the Antwerp Wierix family who made engravings after well - known artists , including Albrecht Dürer .
Bernard Délicieux ( c. 1260 - 1270 -- 1320 ) was a Spiritual Franciscan friar who resisted the Inquisition in Carcassonne and Languedoc region of southern France .
Alfred Meyer ( 5 October 1891 in Göttingen -- 11 April 1945 in Hessisch Oldendorf ) was a Nazi official .
Marina Dalmas better known as Marina Kaye ( born 9 February 1998 in Marseille , France ) is a French singer , songwriter and composer .
Jerzy Zagórski ( 3 December 1907 in Kiev -- 5 August 1984 in Warsaw ) was a Polish poet , essayist and translator .
Mechthildis Thein ( 1888 in Braunschweig -- 1959 in Singen ) was a German stage and film actress .
Felix Kaspar ( January 14 , 1915 in Vienna , Austria -- December 5 , 2003 in Bradenton , Florida , U.S. ) was an Austrian figure skater , twice World champion , and 1936 bronze medalist .
Silvano Arieti ( June 28 , 1914 in Pisa , Italy -- August 7 , 1981 in New York City ) was a psychiatrist regarded as one of the world 's foremost authorities on schizophrenia .
Antal Berkes ( 1874 - -1938 ) was a Hungarian painter , born in Budapest , Hungary .
Lorenzo Gignous ( 1862 in Modena -- 1958 in Porto Ceresio , Varese ) was an Italian painter .
Herman Koeckemann , formally Bernard Hermann Koeckemann , SS.CC . , ( Ostbevern , January 10 , 1828 - Honolulu , February 22 , 1892 ) , served as the second vicar apostolic of the Vicariate Apostolic of the Sandwich Islands -- now the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu -- from 1881 to 1892 .
Tiverton Preedy ( 22 January 1863 -- 26 April 1928 ) was an English clergyman who worked in Yorkshire and London from 1887 until his death , where he was noted for his work with the poor .
Hermann Beckh ( 4 May 1875 , Nuremberg -- 1 March 1937 , Stuttgart ) was a pioneering German Tibetologist and prominent promoter of anthroposophy .
Catherine of Mecklenburg ( 1487 -- 6 June 1561 , Torgau ) , Duchess of Saxony , was the daughter of the Duke Magnus II of Mecklenburg and Sophie of Pomerania - Stettin .
Miroslav Cikán ( February 11 , 1896 -February 1 , 1962 in Prague ) was a Czech film director .
Frederic Woodman Root ( 13 June 1846 , Boston -- 8 November 1916 , Chicago ) was an American composer , choir conductor , organist , adjudicator and music teacher .
Joseph Holland Tringham ( 10 October 1861 , Hammersmith , London -- 26 March 1908 , Douglas , Isle of Man ) was an artist and illustrator in Victorian times .
He moved to Paris , where he joined anarchist circles and took the pseudonym Victor Méric .
Max Reinhardt 's staging of Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream ( 1934 ) for the summer Hollywood Bowl season in Los Angeles , Harry Horner was the production 's stage manager and alas an actor in the production .
Earl Anthony died in 2001 , succumbing to head injuries suffered after falling down a flight of stairs at his friend Ed Baur 's home in New Berlin , Wisconsin .
Georg Friedrich Schmidt ( 24 January 1712 Schönerlinde - 25 January 1775 Berlin ) was a German engraver and designer .
Robert W. Morrison ( July 11 , 1933 -- September 19 , 2008 ) was an American educator from Ashland , Kentucky .
James Luther Slayden ( 1 June 1853 -- 1924 ) , was a cotton merchant and rancher , and a politician , elected from San Antonio to United States House of Representative from Texas ' 12th congressional district , serving 1897 - 1903 .
A member of the della Stadera branch of the House of Carafa , Gianvincenzo Carafa was born in Naples in 1477 , the son of Fabrizio Carafa , signore of Torre del Greco , and Aurelia Tolomei .
This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II . Horst Gresiak was born on the 17 February 1920 at Leverkusen .
Tita Merello ( born Laura Ana Merello ; 11 October 1904 , San Telmo , Buenos Aires , Argentina -- 24 December 2002 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a prominent Argentine film actress , tango dancer and singer of the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema ( 1940 - -1960 ) .
Aspren or Asprenas ( Italian : Sant'Asprenato , Sant'Aspreno , Sant'Aspremo ) was a 1st - century Christian saint and venerated as the first Bishop of Naples .
Carl Baermann ( 24 October 1810 -- 23 May 1885 ) was a clarinetist and composer from Munich , Germany .
Known as `` the Master , '' Jake Ehrlich had a fifty - year career as a defense and divorce attorney in San Francisco .
' Herbert Hahn ' ( * 5 May 1890 in Pärnu Estonia , then part of the Russian Empire ; † 20 June 1970 in Stuttgart ) was a German teacher and Anthroposophist
Celestino Cavedoni ( 18 May 1795 at Levizzano - Rangone , near Modena -- 26 November 1865 in Modena ) was an Italian ecclesiastic , archeologist , and numismatist .
Carl Zerrahn ( 28 July 1826 Malchow , Mecklenburg - Schwerin -- 29 December 1909 Milton , Massachusetts ) was a German - born American flautist and conductor .
Derek Newark died of a heart attack , brought on by liver failure after years of alcoholism , on 11 August 1998 in West London .
Josefina Lavalle ( born Mexico City , January 29 , 1924 -- died Mexico City , May 25 , 2009 ) was a Mexican ballet dancer , choreographer and ballet director .
In 1945 he founded `` Richard Goldner 's Sydney Musica Viva '' , whose first concert was held at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music in Sydney on 8 December 1945 , to an audience of over 1,000 people .
Saint Pothinus ( French : Saint Pothin ) is first mentioned in a letter attributed to Irenaeus of Lyon .
Friedrich Rosen or Fritz Rosen ( Leipzig , August 30 , 1856 -- November 27 , 1935 , Beijing ) was a German Orientalist , diplomat and politician .
Riccardo Quartararo ( Sciacca , Sicily , 1443 - Palermo , 1506 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active in Sicily and Naples .
William O. Cowger ( January 1 , 1922 -- October 2 , 1971 ) , a Republican , served as mayor of Louisville , Kentucky , and as a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Fráňa Šrámek ( January 19 , 1877 , Sobotka -- July 1 , 1952 , Prague ) was a Czech anarchist , impressionist , and vitalist poet , novelist , and playwright .
Wolfgang Musculus , born `` Müslin '' or `` Mauslein '' , ( 10 September 1497 in Dieuze , Lothringen -- 30 August 1563 in Bern ) was a Reformed theologian of the Reformation .
Orazio Riminaldi ( Pisa , September 5 , 1593 - Pisa , December 10 , 1630 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Charlotte von Mahlsdorf ( 18 March 1928 -- 30 April 2002 ) was the founder of the Gründerzeit Museum ( a museum of everyday items ) in Berlin - Mahlsdorf .
Georgios Mavros ( Greek : Γεώργιος Μαύρος ) ( Kastellorizo , 15 March 1909 -- Athens , 6 May 1995 ) was a Greek jurist and politician .
Juan de Anchieta ( Azpeitia , Gipuzkoa , Spain , 1462 -- Azpeitia , 1523 ) was a leading Spanish Basque composer of the Renaissance , at the Royal Court Chaplaincy in Granada of Queen Isabel I of Castile .
Léon Eyrolles ( 14 December 1861 in Tulle -- 3 December 1945 in Cachan ? ) was a French politician and entrepreneur .
Latino Malabranca Orsini ( b. at Rome , year unknown -- d. 10 August 1294 , Perugia ) was a Roman noble , an Italian cardinal of the Holy Roman Church , and nephew of Pope Nicholas III .
Joachim Dünkler died on 19 April 1945 in a hospital in Haldensleben .
Augustus Radcliffe Grote ( 1841 Liverpool , England -- 1903 Hildesheim , Germany ) was a British entomologist who worked mainly in America .
Giulio Oggioni ( 1916 - 1993 ) was an Italian prelate that led the Diocese of Bergamo from 1977 to 1991 .
François Deslaugiers ( 3 December 1934 at Algiers -- 18 December 2009 at Marseille ) was a French architect .
Penrose Stout ( 1887 - -1934 ) was an American architect , best known for designing the Bronxville Women 's Club , added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .
( The Theater of Tales for Performance , or for Comic , Rustic , and Tragic Recreation , Divided into Fifty Days , and Composed by Flaminio Scala , Named Flavio , Comedian of the Most Serene Lord Duke of Mantua ) .
Matthijs Siegenbeek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( mɑˈtɛi̯s ˈsiɣə(m)ˌbeːk ) ) ( Amsterdam , 23 June 1774 - Leiden , 26 November 1854 ) was a Dutch academic .
Josef Fahringer ( 21 December 1876 - 18 December 1950 ) was an Austrian entomologist from Vienna .
José Feliciano Ama ( 1881 -- February 28 , 1932 ) was an indigenous peasant leader , a Pipil from Izalco in El Salvador , who participated and died in the 1932 Salvadoran peasant uprising .
Hieronymus Balbus ( also called Girolamo Balbi or Accellini ) was a Renaissance Humanist , poet , diplomat , and Bishop of Gurk in Carinthia , b. about 1450 in Venice ; d. there , probably 1535 .
Agostino Roscelli ( 27 July 1818 -- 7 May 1902 ) , also known as Augustine Roscelli , and Augustin Roscelli , was an Italian priest who inspired social change in Genoa , Italy for children and disadvantaged women .
Alfred Eisenbeisser ( Romanian : Alfred `` Fredi '' Fieraru ) ( born 7 April 1908 in Cernăuţi , Austria - Hungary ( now in Ukraine ) - deceased 1 July 1991 in Berlin , Germany ) was a Romanian football player and figure skater of German ethnicity .
Frank Porretta ( May 4 , 1930 , Detroit -- April 23 , 2015 , Stamford , Connecticut ) was an American tenor who had an active career performing in operas , musicals , and concerts from 1952 through 1971 .
Girolamo Savoldo , also called Girolamo da Brescia ( c. 1480 - 1485 -- after 1548 ) was an Italian High Renaissance painter active mostly in Venice , although he also worked in other cities in northern Italy .
Ernst Otto Wilhelm Taschenberg ( 23 March 1854 , Halle - 20 March 1923 ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera .
Friedrich Paul Mahlo ( born July 28 , 1883 in Coswig , Anhalt , died August 20 , 1971 in Halle , Saxony - Anhalt ) was a German mathematician .
Charles Joseph Devillers or de Villers ( 1724 in Rennes -- 1810 ) was a French naturalist .
Wilhelm Grimm died in Berlin of an infection at the age of 73 .
Oscar Han ( 1891 , Bucharest - 1976 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian sculptor and writer .
Molly Pearson Hales died in Sandy Hook , Connecticut in 1959 , ( see Molly Pearson at IMDb.com ) following an extended illness .
Niketas Stethatos was born c. 1005 and entered the Monastery of Stoudios in Constantinople at age fourteen .
Roberto Melli ( 1885 - -1958 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor belonging to the Scuola Romana , and active in Ferrara and Rome .
Jacques Blanchard ( 1600 - -1638 ) , also known as Jacques Blanchart , was a French baroque painter who was born in Paris .
Lucia Pamela ( May 1 , 1904 in St Louis , Missouri -- July 25 , 2002 , Los Angeles ) was an American musician , bandleader , and eccentric .
Francišak Kušal ( Belarusian : Францішак Кушаль , also Frantsishak Kushal , Franz Kushel , February 16 , 1895 , Piaršai , Russian Empire - May 1969 , Rochester , New York , USA ) was a Belarusian and Polish militaryman and politician .
William Thompson Russell Smith ( Glasgow , Scotland 1812 -- Glenside , PA , 1896 ) was a Scottish - American painter who produced iconic images of Pennsylvania 's landscape inspired by the aesthetic of the Hudson River School .
Minnie Two Shoes died in Minneapolis , Minnesota on April 9 , 2010 after battling cancer .
Jean - Charles Tardieu was born on 3 September 1765 in Paris , son of Jacques - Nicolas Tardieu and Elisabeth Claire Tournay .
Mohammed Bagayogo Es Sudane Al Wangari Al Timbukti was an eminent scholar from Timbuktu , Mali .
Litterio Paladino or Paladini ( 1691 - 1743 ) was an Italian painter of the 18th century , active in a late - Baroque style in Rome and his native Messina , Sicily .
James Manney Hagaman ( 1830 -- January 18 , 1904 ) was a lawyer , land agent , newspaper editor , and the founder of Concordia , Kansas .
Karl Ernst Georges ( 26 December 1806 , Gotha -- 25 August 1895 , Gotha ) was a German classical philologist and lexicographer , known for his edition of Latin - German dictionaries .
Otto Gentil was born on 7 August 1892 at Aschaffenburg , Bayern , Germany where he died in 1969 .
John Laffin died in Canberra in 2000 after a long illness .
Mieczysław ( Mendel ) Chwojnik , later known as Dr. Menachem Oren ( Hebrew : מנחם אורן‎ ; 1903 , Ruzhany , Russian Empire ( now Belarus ) -- December 1962 , Tel Aviv , Israel ) was a Belarusian - born Israeli chess master and mathematician .
Pedro Romero Martínez ( November 19 , 1754 - February 10 , 1839 ) was a legendary bullfighter from the Romero family in Ronda , Spain .
Isidor Kaufmann ( Hungarian : Kaufman(n ) Izidor , Hebrew : איזידור קאופמן‎ ; March 22 , 1853 , Arad - 1921 , Vienna ) was an Austro - Hungarian painter of Jewish themes .
Chester Carlson As a last resort , he began working for Bell Telephone Laboratories in New York City as a research engineer .
Antonia Brenner , better known as Mother Antonia ( Spanish : Madre Antonia ) , ( December 1 , 1926 -- October 17 , 2013 ) was an American Roman Catholic Religious Sister and activist who chose to reside and care for inmates at the notorious maximum - security La Mesa Prison in Tijuana , Mexico .
John Kirby Allen ( 1810 -- August 15 , 1838 ) , was a co - founder of the city of Houston and a former member of the Republic of Texas House of Representatives .
Hermann Dyck ( 10 April 1812 -- 25 March 1874 ) , a Bavarian painter , born at Würzburg in 1812 , studied architectural and genre painting at Munich .
Pavol Hudák ( * 7 October 1959 , Vranov nad Toplou , Czechoslovakia -- died 18 January 2011 , Poprad , Slovakia ) was a Slovak poet , journalist and publicist .
Antoine Parent ( September 16 , 1666 -- September 26 , 1716 ) was a French mathematician , born at Paris and died there , who wrote in 1700 on analytical geometry of three dimensions .
Wojciech Brydziński ( 28 January 1877 , Ivano - Frankivsk -- 4 May 1966 , Warsaw ) was a Polish theatre , radio and film actor .
Claude - François de Payan ( 14 May 1766 , Saint - Paul - Trois - Châteaux - 28 July 1794 , Paris ) was a political figure of the French Revolution .
Sir Ernest Scott ( 21 June 1867 -- 6 December 1939 ) was an Australian historian , professor of history at the University of Melbourne from 1913 .
Many years ago I was often to be found in the marvelous city of Venice , in discussions with Signore Giovanni Francesco Sagredo , a man of noble extraction and trenchant wit .
Johann Franz Buddeus or Budde ( sometimes Johannes Franciscus Buddeus ) , German Lutheran theologian and philosopher ; born at Anklam , Swedish Pomerania , where his father was pastor , 25 June 1667 ; died at Gotha 19 November 1729 .
Charlotte Birch - Pfeiffer ( 23 June 1800 ( 1799 ? ) in Stuttgart -- 25 August 1868 in Berlin ) was a German actress and writer .
Dirck van der Lisse ( 6 August 1607 , The Hague - buried 31 January 1669 , The Hague ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Alphonse Alkan ( also known as Alphonse the Elder , 1809 in Paris -- 1889 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French printer , bibliographer , and author .
Huseyn Arablinski ( Azerbaijani : Hüseyn Ərəblinski ) , born Huseynbala Mammad oglu Khalafov ( 1881 , Baku -- 17 March 1919 , Baku ) , was an Azerbaijani actor .
They had four children , George Newman Bomford , James Vote Bomford , Jr. , Elizabeth Bernardine `` Lilly '' Bomford , and Fredrika Augusta Bomford .
Grigor Yeghiazaryan ( 1908 in Blur , Erivan Governorate , Russian Empire ( now in Turkey ) - 1988 in Yerevan , Armenia ) was an Armenian composer .
Allen Cleveland Lewis ( 1821 - -1877 ) was a Chicago citizen who left his estate in order to create Lewis Institute .
Benjamin Dean Meritt ( March 31 , 1899 -- July 7 , 1989 in Austin , Texas ) was a classical scholar , professor and epigraphist of ancient Greece .
William Van Alen ( August 10 , 1883 -- May 24 , 1954 ) was an American architect , best known as the architect in charge of designing New York City 's Chrysler Building ( 1929 - -30 ) .
Otto Philipp Braun ( called also : Felipe Braun ) was born on 13 December 1798 in Kassel , Landgraviate of Hesse - Kassel ( today Germany ) , and he died on 24 July 1869 in Bad Wildungen near Kassel , a province of the Kingdom of Prussia .
Henryk Zygalski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈxɛnrɨk zɨˈɡalski ) ; 15 July 1908 in Posen -- 30 August 1978 in Liss ) was a Polish mathematician and cryptologist who worked at breaking German Enigma ciphers before and during World War II .
Louis Lavauden ( 19 June 1881 , Grenoble - 1 September 1935 , Anjou , Isère ) was a French zoologist and forester .
Pier Luigi Ighina ( 1908 in Milan -- 2004 in Imola ) , was an Italian researcher .
Albion Woodbury Small ( May 11 , 1854 -- March 24 , 1926 ) founded the first Department of Sociology in the United States at the University of Chicago in Chicago , Illinois in 1892 .
Sammi Fajarowicz ( 5 June 1908 in Möckern / Leipzig -- 4 July 1940 in Leipzig ) was a German chess master .
Dr. Ludwig Dürr ( 4 June 1878 , in Stuttgart -- 1 January 1956 , in Friedrichshafen ) was an airship designer .
Albertus Clouwet ( name variations : Albertus Clouet , Albert Clowet , Aubert Clouwet , Haubertus Clouwet , Albertus Cluet , nickname Zandzak ) ( 1636 , Antwerp -- 1679 , Naples ) , was a Flemish engraver who had a successful career in Italy .
Karl Eugen Neumann ( October 18 , 1865 in Vienna ; - October 18 , 1915 ) was the first translator of large parts of the Pali Canon of Buddhist scriptures from the original Pali into a European language ( German ) and one of the pioneers of European Buddhism .
Anneke Esaiasdochter ( also Anna Jansz , Anneken Jans or Anneke van Rotterdam ; 1509 - -1539 ) , was a Dutch Anabaptist .
John Knittel , originally Hermann Emanuel Knittel ( March 24 , 1891 in Dharwar , India - April 26 , 1970 in Maienfeld , Graubünden ) was a Swiss writer .
Stephan Kekulé von Stradonitz ( 1 May 1863 , Ghent -- 5 May 1933 , Berlin ) , was a German lawyer , heraldist and genealogist who popularized a genealogical numbering system of ancestors .
Johnny Sandison ( 1925 - -2004 ) was a broadcaster in Regina , Saskatchewan whose career spanned more than 40 years .
Gérard Aké Loba ( born Abobo Baoule , 15 August 1927 -- died Aix - en - Provence , France , 3 August 2012 ) was an Ivorian writer .
Rezső Seress lived most of his life in poverty in Budapest , from where , being Jewish , he was taken to a labour camp by the Nazis during the Second World War .
Giulio Viozzi ( born Trieste , July 5 , 1912 -- died Verona , November 29 , 1984 ) was an Italian composer , conductor , pianist , and music critic .
Vlasta Kálalová Di Lotti ( 26 October 1896 in Bernartice - 15 February 1971 in Písek ) was a Czech physician interested in tropical diseases and entomology .
Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer ( 18 June 1746 , in Stuttgart -- 25 June 1813 , in Stuttgart ) was a German architect and master builder of Duke Charles Eugene of Württemberg .
McQuirt 's memorial stone was erected in 1995 in an Anglican graveyard in Donaghcloney , where Bernard McQuirt was born in a small village some 30 miles south of Belfast .
Joseph Friedrich Abert ( 11 June 1879 -- 25 October 1959 , Würzburg ) was a German historian and archivist .
João Duarte de Sousa , also known as J. Duarte de Sousa , ( 23 October 1862 in Velas -- 29 May 1909 in Angra do Heroísmo ) , was an Azorean politician , historian and writer of the island of São Jorge , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Giovanni Valetti ( 22 September 1913 in Vinovo , Piedmont -- 28 May 1998 in Avigliana ) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist .
Michael Malloy ( 1873 -- February 22 , 1933 ) , alias Mike the Durable and Iron Mike , was a homeless Irishman from County Donegal who lived in New York City during the 1920s and 30s .
Alessandro Rosi ( 28 December 1627 in Rovezzano -- 19 April 1697 in Florence ) was an Italian artist , working during the Baroque period .
John Hinchliffe ( 1731 -- 11 January 1794 , the Bishop 's Palace , Peterborough ) was an English churchman and college fellow .
Nick Fatool ( b. Jan. 2 , 1915 , Millbury , Massachusetts - d. Sep. 26 , 2000 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American jazz drummer .
Emil Filla ( 4 April 1882 -- 7 October 1953 ) , a Czech painter , was a leader of the avant - garde in Prague between World War I and World War II and was an early Cubist painter .
Fuller moved to Los Angeles in 1964 with his band The Bobby Fuller Four , and was signed to Mustang Records by producer Bob Keane , who was noted for discovering Ritchie Valens and producing many surf music groups .
Victor Babeș ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈviktor ˈbabeʃ ) ; b. 28 July 1854 , Vienna -- d. 19 October 1926 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian physician , bacteriologist , academician and professor .
Percy Thirkell ( 13 February 1900 -- 16 January 1997 ) was an English footballer who played as a left back for Bolton Wanderers , Tranmere Rovers and Congleton Town .
Otto Steinhäusl ( 10 March 1879 -- 20 June 1940 ) was an Austrian - born SS - Oberführer , Polizeipräsident ( Police President ) of Vienna , and President of Interpol ( 1938 - -1940 ) .
Edward Bates served in the War of 1812 before moving to St. Louis , Missouri Territory , in 1814 with his older brother James , who started working as an attorney .
Adam Wybe , also known as Adams Wiebe ( born around 1590 in Harlingen , Friesland , died in 1653 in Gdańsk ) , was an engineer and inventor of Dutch origin , active mainly in Gdańsk .
Joseph Wenglein ( 5 October 1845 , Munich - 18 January 1919 , Bad Tölz ) was a German landscape painter and illustrator .
Amedeo Agostini ( Capugnano di Porretta Terme , 6 March 1892 -- Livorno , 27 June 1958 ) was an Italian mathematician born in Capugnano di Porretta Terme .
Carl Marcus Tuscher ( June 1 , 1705 in Nuremberg - January 6 , 1751 in Copenhagen ) was a German - born Danish polymath : portrait painter , printmaker , architect , and decorator of the Baroque period .
Jean Emile Humbert ( 23 July 1771 in The Hague -- 20 February 1839 in Livorno ) was a Dutch lieutenant - colonel who can be credited with rediscovering ancient Carthage .
Heinrich Ritter von Zeissberg ( July 8 , 1839 -- May 27 , 1899 ) , Austrian historian , was born in Vienna , and in 1865 became professor of history at the university of Lemberg .
Walther Kadow ( 1860 -- 31 May 1923 ) was a German school teacher who was murdered by Rudolf Höss and accomplices in May 1923 in the forest near Parchim .
Avenue Virgile - Rossel in Lausanne and rue Virgile Rossel in Tramelan are named after him .
Wilfred von Oven ( born La Paz , Bolivia 4 May 1912 - died Buenos Aires , Argentina 13 June 2008 ) was between 1943 and the German capitulation in 1945 the personal Press adjutant of Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels .
Augusto Samuel Boyd Briceño ( 1 August 1879 in Panama City - 17 June 1957 ) was First Vice President of Panama and in that capacity also acting President of Panama from December 18 , 1939 to October 1 , 1940 .
Giuliana Penzi ( October 1 , 1918 in Ravenna -- January 17 , 2008 in Rome ) was an Italian dancer and choreographer who was a Guest Ballerina at the Rome Opera House and the director of the Accademia Nazionale di Danza .
Delfino Codazzi ( March 7 , 1824 in Lodi -- July 21 , 1873 in Pavia ) was an Italian mathematician .
Father José María Arizmendiarrieta Madariaga ( 22 April 1915 -- 29 November 1976 ) was a Catholic priest and founder of the Mondragón cooperative movement in the Basque Country .
Edmund Nick ( 22 September 1891 , Reichenberg -- 11 April 1974 ( aged 82 ) , Geretsried ) was a German composer , conductor , and music writer .
Phạm Duy died on January 27 , 2013 in Ho Chi Minh City , one month after the death of his eldest son Duy Quang .
Aloys Sprenger ( born 3 September 1813 , in Nassereith , Tyrol ; died 19 December 1893 in Heidelberg ) was an Austrian orientalist .
Paul Godet des Marais ( 1647 - -1709 ) was a French Bishop of Chartres .
Fernando José Salgueiro Maia , GOTE , GCL ( 1 July 1944 in Castelo de Vide , Portugal -- 4 April 1992 in Santarém ) , commonly known just by Salgueiro Maia ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( saɫˈɡɐjɾu ˈmajɐ ) ) , was a captain of the Portuguese army .
Louis Dugauguez played amateur football for Bully , Béthune , Lens , Toulouse , Carvin and Sedan , where he began his coaching career as a player - coach of the side .
Eeva - Liisa Manner ( 5 December 1921 , Helsinki -- 7 July 1995 , Tampere ) , Finnish poet , playwright and translator .
Paolo Oss Mazzurana ( 1833 - -1895 ) was an Austrian - Hungarian statesman , and most importantly the most famous mayor of his native city , Trento .
František Vláčil ( February 19 , 1924 , Český Těšín -- January 28 , 1999 , Prague ) was a Czech film director , painter , and graphic artist .
Carey Bell ( November 14 , 1936 -- May 6 , 2007 ) was an American blues musician who played harmonica in the Chicago blues style .
Simon Segal ( Białystok 1898 -- Arcachon 1969 ) was a Polish Jewish or Russian Jewish ( sources vary ) figurative painter and member of the School of Paris of Jewish heritage born in the Russian Empire ( now Poland ) who emigrated to France in 1925 and was naturalized in 1949 .
On October 12 , 2015 , at 12:30am , Vladimír Večtomov died in Tábor .
Ida Siekmann ( 23 August 1902 -- 22 August 1961 ) was the first person to die at the Berlin Wall , only 9 days after the beginning of its construction .
Robert Staughton Lynd ( September 26 , 1892 -- November 1 , 1970 ) was an American sociologist and professor at Columbia University , New York City .
Thomas Duncan Bourdillon ( /bɔrˈdɪlən/ bor - DIL - ən ; 16 March 1924 in Kensington , London - 29 July 1956 in Bernese Oberland , Switzerland ) , known as Tom Bourdillon , was an English mountaineer , a member of the 1953 British Mount Everest Expedition which made the first ascent of Mount Everest .
Sylvester Marsh ( 30 September 1803 , Campton , New Hampshire - 30 December 1884 , Concord , New Hampshire ) was the United States engineer who designed and built the Mount Washington Cog Railway .
Anton Joseph Binterim ( 19 September 1779 , Düsseldorf -- 17 May 1855 , Düsseldorf - Bilk ) was the parish priest of Bilk from 1805 - -55 and a prominent leader of Catholics in Prussia .
Marcel Moyse ( pron . moh - EEZ ; May 17 , 1889 in St. Amour , France -- November 1 , 1984 in Brattleboro , Vermont , United States ) was a French flutist .
Emil Krieger ( 8 September 1902 , Kaiserslautern -- 6 September 1979 , Munich ) was a German sculptor and artist , especially known for his graphic work and sculpture in bronze , wood , stone and terracotta .
Vladimir Vysotsky was born in Moscow at the 3rd Meshchanskaya St. ( 61/2 ) maternity hospital .
Edme Gaulle ( 1762 , Langres - January 1841 , Paris ) was a French sculptor .
The Longqing Emperor also repulsed the Mongol army of Altan Khan , who had penetrated the Great Wall and reached as far as Beijing .
Gottfried Wilhelm Becker ( born in Leipzig , February 22 , 1778 ; died there , January 17 , 1854 ) was a German physician and writer .
Henry Durant ( Acton , Massachusetts , June 18 , 1802 -- Oakland , California , January 22 , 1875 ) was the founding president of the University of California .
Leopold Adametz ( 11 October 1861 , Brno , or Valtice - 27 January 1941 , Vienna ) was a Moravia - born Austrian zoologist .
Mazlum Doğan ( born 1955 in Karakoçan / Elâzığ Province ; died 21 March 1982 in Diyarbakır ) was a member of the Central Committee of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party .
Giovanni Battista Lampugnani ( c. 1708 -- 2 June 1786 ) was an Italian composer , born in Milan .
Antonio de Escaño y García de Cáceres ( Cartagena , Murcia , 1750 - Cádiz , 12 July 1814 ) was a Spanish army and navy officer .
Józef Dietl ( 24 January 1804 in Podbuże near Sambor -- 18 January 1878 in Kraków ) was an Austrian - Polish physician born to an Austrian father and Polish mother .
Anna Langfus ( born Anna - Regina Szternfinkiel in Lublin on January 2 , 1920 ; died May 12 , 1966 in Paris ) was an award - winning Polish / French author .
Christiaan Benjamin Nieuwenhuis , known as C.B. Nieuwenhuis , ( July 4 , 1863 in Amsterdam - April 20 , 1922 in Padang ) was a photographer in the Dutch East Indies .
Aaron Kitchell ( July 10 , 1744 -- June 25 , 1820 ) was a blacksmith and politician from Hanover Township , New Jersey .
Joseph Charles Marin ( 1749 , Paris - 18 September 1834 , Paris ) was a French sculptor
Jean Michel Constant Leber ( 8 May 1780 -- 22 December 1859 ) , French historian and bibliophile , was born at Orléans on 8 May 1780 .
Boldog drove his Host south over the highlands of Dorthonion and through the enchanted forest of Taur - nu - Fuin following the Orcs ' Road of Haste into the Pass of Anach , which cut down the mountains of Ered Gorgoroth and across the shadowed valley of Nan Dungortheb .
Ernest Hoschedé ( 18 December 1837 -- 19 March 1891 ) was a department store magnate in Paris .
Friedrich Karl Biedermann ( 25 September 1812 , Leipzig , Kingdom of Saxony -- 5 March 1901 ) was a German professor , politician , and publisher who greatly aided the Liberal movement in Germany during the process of German Unification .
Louise of Anhalt - Dessau ( Dessau , 10 February 1631 -- Oława , 25 April 1680 ) , was a German princess of the House of Ascania in the branch of Anhalt - Dessau and by marriage Duchess of Legnica - Brzeg - Wołów - Oława .
Ernst Behm ( 4 January 1830 -- 15 March 1884 ) was a German geographer and statistician who was a native of Gotha .
Louis the Springer ( German : Ludwig der Springer ) , sometimes called Louis the Jumper , also known as Louis of Schauenburg ( 1042 -- 1123 in Reinhardsbrunn ) was a German nobleman .
Josef Hiršal died in September 2003 following an accident with the Prague tram in May in which he was seriously injured .
Bedřich Reicin ( September 29 , 1911 , in Plzeň - December 3 , 1952 , in Pankrác Prison in Prague ) was a Czechoslovak army officer and politician .
Baltasar del Alcázar ( 1530 in Seville , Spain--1606 in Ronda ) was a Spanish poet .
Gottlieb Heinrich Friedrich Küchenmeister ( January 22 , 1821 , Buchheim ( now Bad Lausick ) -- April 13 , 1890 Dresden ) was a German physician .
Zalman Gorelik ( Belarusian : Залман Абрамавіч Гарэлік ; Russian : Залман Абрамавич Горелик ; 5 April 1908 in Bobruisk -- 16 February 1987 in Minsk ) was a geologist , tektonist , and organizer of the Geological Survey of Belarus .
Georg Carl Wilhelm Vatke ( 12 August 1849 , Berlin -- 6 April 1889 , Berlin ) was a German botanist who collected spermatophytes during 1868 - -1876 in Austria , Germany , Madagascar and Angola .
Neri was the first gold medalist from Rimini , and the football stadium there , Stadio Romeo Neri , bears his name .
Diane d'Andoins or d'Andouins ( Diane of Andoins ) was born in Hagetmau in the fall of 1554 , and died there in February 1621 .
Giacomo Cavalieri ( Rome , 1565 -- Tivoli , January 28 , 1629 ) was born in Rome in 1565 to Giacomo Cavalieri and Diana Santori , related to the Borghese and Paluzzi Albertoni families .
1961 A small group of Swiss realises Sadananda 's difficulties and offers him a flight to Basel .
Todor Kableshkov eventually committed suicide in the Gabrovo police office at the age of 25 .
Eugen Schauman ( 10 May 1875 in Kharkiv , Russian Empire -- 16 June 1904 in Helsinki , Grand Duchy of Finland , Russian Empire ) was a Finnish nationalist and nobleman who assassinated the Governor - General Nikolai Ivanovich Bobrikov .
Gisa Geert , stage name Margarita Gross ( 7 June 1900 , Vienna ; †2 April 1991 , Madrid ) , was an Austrian actress and choreographer , who was very active in Italy during the 1940s to 1960s .
Marie Šechtlová ( March 25 , 1928 Chomutov -- July 5 , 2008 Prague ) was a Czech photographer , one of the proponents of the `` poetry of everyday '' style .
František Michl ( 20th November 1901 , Domažlice -- 4th June 1977 , Domažlice ) , Czech academic painter , graphic artist , and original designer of the Skoda Works emblem , the `` Winged Arrow '' .
Mother Marie Helene Franey , S.P. , ( July 29 , 1898 -- November 23 , 1953 ) was the Superior General of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary - of - the - Woods , Indiana from 1948 - 1953 .
Livio Fongaro ( born January 2 , 1931 in Valdagno - died July 11 , 2007 in Valdagno ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Alexandros Alexandrakis ( Athens , 1913 -- Athens , 1968 ) was a Greek painter , who became widely known from his particularly dynamic depictions of the Greco - Italian War of 1940 .
Richard Furman ( 9 October 1755 -- 25 August 1825 ) was an influential Baptist leader from Charleston , South Carolina , USA .
Lee Talbott ( Leander James Talbott , Jr. ; July 12 , 1887 -- September 16 , 1954 ) was an American track and field athlete , tug of war competitor , and wrestler from Kansas City , Missouri .
Jomo Kenyatta ( English pronunciation : /ˈdʒoʊmoʊ kɛnˈjɑːtə/ ) ( c. 1891 -- 22 August 1978 ) was a Kenyan politician , and the first President of Kenya .
Abdallah Beyhum ( in Arabic عبد الله بيهم ) also written as Abdullah Bayhum ( 1879 - 1962 ) was a Lebanese politician and Prime Minister of Lebanon .
Nicolò Contarini ( September 26 , 1553 -- April 2 , 1631 ) , was the 97th Doge of Venice , reigning from his election on January 18 , 1630 until his death 15 months later .
Evelyn Mantilla ( born February 16 , 1963 ) is an American politician from Connecticut who served from 1997 to 2007 as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives .
Rudolf Ramek ( 12 April 1881 -- 24 July 1941 ) was an Austrian Christian Social politician , who served as Chancellor of Austria from 1924 to 1926 .
Charles Caruana CBE ( 9 October 1932 , Gibraltar -- 1 October 2010 , Gibraltar ) was a Gibraltarian Roman Catholic bishop of Maltese descent .
On 3 March 1970 Pope Paul appointed Johannes Braun as Titular bishop of Putia in Byzacena , and also , on 18 April 1970 , as an Auxiliary bishop in Paderborn .
William Melton ( died 5 April 1340 ) was the 43rd Archbishop of York ( 1317 - -1340 ) .
Rostislav Yuryevich ( Russian : Ростислав Юрьевич ) ( died April 6 , 1151 ) was the Prince of Novgorod and Pereyaslavl , oldest son of Yuri Dolgoruky , and brother of Andrei Bogolyubsky .
Raphaël Marie Ze ( born November 4 , 1932 in Alangana ; died September 6 , 2011 in Yaoundé ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sangmélima , Cameroon .
Patrizia Busignani ( born 11 May 1959 in Gosselies , Belgium ) was Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 April 1993 to 1 October 1993 .
Roger William Gries , OSB ( born March 26 , 1937 ) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
William David Trimble , Baron Trimble , PC ( born 15 October 1944 ) , is a British politician who was the first First Minister of Northern Ireland from 1998 to 2002 , and the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) from 1995 to 2005 .
John O. Bennett III ( born August 6 , 1948 ) is a former New Jersey Republican politician who served as State Senator , President of the State Senate , and Acting Governor of New Jersey during the course of his career .
Evi Christofilopoulou ( Greek : Εύη Χριστοφιλοπούλου ; born 9 April 1956 in Athens ) is a Greek politician and Member of the Hellenic Parliament .
Paul Bassim , O.C.D. , ( November 14 , 1922 -- August 21 , 2012 ) was a Lebanese bishop of the Catholic Church .
Terrie Wood ( born Lakewood , Ohio ) is a three - term Republican member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Darien and Rowayton , Connecticut in the 141st assembly district .
Giovanni Battista Savelli ( 1422 , Rome - September 18 , 1498 , Castel Gandolfo ) was an Italian cardinal from the 15th century .
Saint Raymond of Fitero ( also known as Ramon Sierra , Spanish : San Raimundo de Fitero ) ( * ? - †Ciruelos , 1163 ) was a monk , abbot , and founder of the Order of Calatrava .
Barb Yarusso ( born 1956 ( age 58 - -59 ) ) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Peter Joseph Hurth , C.S.C. , S.T.D. ( 30 March 1857 -- 1 August 1935 ) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Congregation of the Holy Cross , a diocesan bishop in British India and the Philippines , and a titular archbishop .
Sekhemrekhutawy Khabaw was an Egyptian pharaoh of the early 13th dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period .
Bob Kiss ( born April 1 , 1947 ) is a Vermont politician and former Mayor of Burlington , Vermont .
Philip H. Rose is a Republican politician who formerly served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving in 2012 .
Caleb Strong ( January 9 , 1745 -- November 7 , 1819 ) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served as the sixth and tenth Governor of Massachusetts between 1800 and 1807 , and again from 1812 until 1816 .
Britt Lundberg ( born April 19 , 1963 ) is a politician in the Åland Islands , an autonomous and unilingually Swedish territory of Finland .
Daniel Whittle Harvey ( 10 January 1786 -- 24 February 1863 ) was a Radical English politician who founded The Sunday Times newspaper and was the first Commissioner of the City of London Police .
Bruno von Warendorp or Brun Warendorp ( died 21 August 1369 , Schonen ) was alderman and mayor of Lübeck , where he was born .
Jean Margéot ( February 3 , 1916 -- July 17 , 2009 ) was Mauritian Roman Catholic priest , bishop and cardinal .
Guido Calcagnini ( 25 September 1725 in Ferrara -- 17 August 1807 in Osimo ) was an Italian cardinal and titular archbishop in the Roman Catholic Church .
Reniero Zeno ( Venetian : Renieri Zen ) ( died July 7 , 1268 ) was the 45th Doge of Venice , reigning from January 1 , 1253 until his death in 1268 .
Neferirkare ( sometimes referred to as Neferirkare II because of Neferirkare Kakai ) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 7th/8th Dynasty during the early First Intermediate Period ( 2181 - -2055 BC ) .
John F. Beard ( August 13 , 1822 - ? ) was an American plasterer and farmer from Gratiot , Wisconsin who served a single one - year term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Lafayette County , Wisconsin .
Frank Lasee ( born December 11 , 1961 ) is a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate .
Some scholars believe that Bogumilus is the amalgamation of two historical figures by the names of Bogumił and Piotr , one of whom was the archbishop and the other a monk or the bishop of Poznań .
Pierre de Bellefeuille ( May 12 , 1923 -- September 30 , 2015 ) was a Canadian politician and a two - term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec .
Robert Donatucci ( May 3 , 1952 -- November 9 , 2010 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , representing the 185th Legislative District from 1980 until his death in 2010 .
David of Burgundy ( ca . 1427 in Atrecht -- 1496 in Wijk bij Duurstede ) was a bishop of Utrecht .
Abbé Nicolas Thyrel de Boismont ( 12 June 1715 -- 20 December 1786 ) was a French abbot and a pulpit orator .
John H. Hamilton , Jr. ( February 9 , 1919 -- August 10 , 1986 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Michael Henshall ( born 29 February 1928 ) was a long serving Suffragan Bishop of Warrington .
Jean - Marie Doré ( 12 June 1938 -- 29 January 2016 ) was a Guinean politician who was the Prime Minister of Guinea from January 2010 until December 2010 .
Thomas Secker ( 21 September 1693 -- 3 August 1768 ) was the Archbishop of Canterbury in the Church of England .
John Buchan , 1st Baron Tweedsmuir GCMG GCVO CH PC ( /ˈbʌxən/ ; 26 August 1875 -- 11 February 1940 ) was a Scottish novelist , historian and Unionist politician who served as Governor General of Canada , the 15th since Canadian Confederation .
Antonius Agellius or Antonio Agellio ( 1532 - -1608 ) was bishop of Acerno and a member of the Theatines , born in Sorrento .
Benazir Bhutto ( Urdu : بينظير بھٹو‎ ; Sindhi : بينظير ڀٽو‎ ; June 21 , 1953 -- December 27 , 2007 ) was the 11th Prime Minister of Pakistan , serving two non - consecutive terms in 1988 - -90 and then 1993 - -96 .
Theodor Innitzer ( 25 December 1875 -- 9 October 1955 ) was Archbishop of Vienna and a cardinal in the Latin Rite branch of the Catholic Church .
David W. Sweet ( born October 8 , 1948 ) is an attorney and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Bartholomäus Scultetus ( 14 May 1540 -- 21 June 1614 ) was a mayor of Görlitz , astronomer , cartographer and compiler of biblical chronologies .
Michel Domingue was the President of Haiti from June 14 , 1874 to April 15 , 1876 .
Agustín Rodríguez Sahagún ( Ávila , 27 March 1932 - Paris , 13 October 1991 ) was a Spanish politician and businessman as well as being a doctor in economics and law who was best known as being the mayor of Madrid from 1989 - 1991 .
Arne Solli ( born 6 April 1938 ) is a Norwegian general who served as Chief of Defence of Norway ( Forsvarssjef ) from 31 October 1994 until 30 April 1999 .
Herbert Bednorz ( born 25 September 1908 in Gliwice - died 12 April 1989 in Katowice ) was a Polish Catholic priest , theologist , and a Coadjutor bishop ( from 1950 ) and later , from 1967 , bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Katowice .
Duncan Cameron Fraser ( 1 October 1845 -- 27 September 1910 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , judge , and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia .
Thomas Basin ( 1412 - -1491 ) was a French bishop of Lisieux and historian .
Stylianos Gonatas ( Greek : Στυλιανός Γονατάς ; Patras , 1876 -- Athens , 1966 ) was a Greek military officer and Venizelist politician and Prime Minister of Greece between 1922 and 1924 .
Angela Constance ( born 15 July 1970 ) is a Scottish politician who has been Cabinet Secretary for Education and Lifelong Learning since 2014 and the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Almond Valley ( formerly Livingston ) since 2007 .
Gediminas Kirkilas ( pronunciation , born 30 August 1951 ) is a Lithuanian politician who was Prime Minister of Lithuania from 2006 to 2008 .
José Câmnate na Bissign ( born Mansôa , 28 May 1953 ) is a Guinea - Bissauan Roman Catholic bishop .
Henry Luke Orombi ( born 11 October 1949 ) is an Anglican bishop in the Church of Uganda .
William Theodore Heard ( 24 February 1884 -- 16 September 1973 ) was a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church .
John Len Lacy , usually known as Len Lacy ( September 8 , 1900 -- June 7 , 1998 ) , was a prominent farmer , cattleman , landowner , and businessman who served from 1964 to 1968 as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Castor in Bienville Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
Marcantonio Memmo ( Venice , November 11 , 1536 -- Venice , October 31 , 1615 ) was the 91st Doge of Venice , reigning from July 24 , 1612 until his death .
Nhiek Tioulong ( Khmer : ញឹក ជូឡុង ; August 23 , 1908 -- June 9 , 1996 ) was a Cambodian army officer and politician who served as Acting Prime Minister of Cambodia from 13 February 1962 to 6 August 1962 .
K. C. Tyagi ( born 10 December 1950 ) is an Indian politician who is a member of the Rajya Sabha ( the upper house of Indian Parliament ) representing the state of Bihar and serves as the Chief General Secretary and National Spokesperson of the Janata Dal ( United ) .
Mato Vodopić ( Dubrovnik , December 13 , 1816 - 13 March 1893 ) was the bishop of Dubrovnik from July 3 , 1882 until his death in 1893 , and wrote poems for some special occasions , and was a storyteller and collector of folk ballads .
Sir Malachy Bowes Daly , KCMG ( February 6 , 1836 -- April 26 , 1920 ) was a Canadian politician and the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia .
Franklin Davenport ( September 1755 -- July 27 , 1832 ) was a Federalist Party United States Senator and US Representative from New Jersey .
William Lee Knous ( February 2 , 1889 -- December 11 , 1959 ) was a Colorado Democratic state legislator , state Supreme Court justice and the 31st Governor of Colorado , and a U.S. district judge .
Roni Milo ( Hebrew : רוני מילוא‎ , born 26 November 1938 as Ron Milikovsky ) is an Israeli politician , lawyer and journalist , and a former Knesset member who held several ministerial positions .
Pedro Zaragoza Orts ( May 15 , 1922 -- April 1 , 2008 ) was the mayor of Benidorm from 1950 to 1967 .
William Stanley West ( August 23 , 1849 -- December 22 , 1914 ) was a United States Senator from the state of Georgia .
Leo Nowak ( Magdeburg , 19 March 1929 ) was the first bishop of the newly re - erected Roman Catholic Diocese of Magdeburg , Germany , from 1994 till 2001 .
Klængur Þorsteinsson ( 1102 -- February 28 , 1176 ) was an Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman , who became the fourth bishop of Iceland from 1152 to 1176 .
Sheikh Hasina Wazed ( Bengali : শেখ হাসিনা ; English /ˈʃeɪk həˈsiːnə/ , SHAYK hə - SEE - nə ; born 28 September 1947 ) is the current Prime Minister of Bangladesh , in office since January 2009 .
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen ( 30 March 1818 -- 11 March 1888 ) was a German mayor and cooperative pioneer .
George Frisbie Hoar ( August 29 , 1826 -- September 30 , 1904 ) was a prominent United States politician and United States Senator from Massachusetts .
Saint Satyrus of Arezzo ( fl . 304 AD ) is venerated as the first bishop of Arezzo .
Wilhelmus Frederik van Leeuwen ( 18 April 1860 - 6 September 1930 ) was a Dutch politician and Mayor of Amsterdam between 1901 and 1910 .
Idi Amin Dada ( /ˈiːdi ɑːˈmiːn/ ; c. 1923 - 28 -- 16 August 2003 ) was the third President of Uganda , ruling from 1971 to 1979 .
Francisco Seeber ( November 15 , 1841 -- December 13 , 1913 ) was an Argentine military officer , businessman and Mayor of Buenos Aires .
Richard Nero is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , who represented the 42nd District briefly in 2008 .
Curry Todd is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 95th District , encompassing part of Shelby County .
Alexander Barrow I ( March 27 , 1801 -- December 29 , 1846 ) was a lawyer and United States Senator from Louisiana .
Stuart A. Halsan is a former member of the Washington House of Representatives and the Washington State Senate .
Aelred Sillem ( 29 October 1908 -- 19 May 1994 ) was second abbot of Quarr Abbey , on the Isle of Wight , from 1964 to 1992 .
Joseph Klein ( 1886 - ? ) was an American machinist from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Richard M. Smith was an American from Mineral Point , Wisconsin who in 1856 spent a one - year term as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Iowa County , Wisconsin .
Kathy Tingelstad ( born March 21 , 1958 ) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 49B , which primarily includes portions of the cities of Andover and Coon Rapids in Anoka County in the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area .
Ross Finnie ( born 11 February 1947 , Greenock ) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament .
Robert Hamilton Moberly was the 7th Anglican Bishop of Stepney from 1936 until 1952 when he was appointed Dean of Salisbury .
Albert de Louvain ( 1166 -- 24 November 1192 ) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the Prince - Bishop of Liège .
Bishop José Alfredo Caires de Nobrega ( born 12 April 1951 in Caniço ( Santa Cruz ) ) is the bishop of the Diocese of Mananjary in Mananjary , Madagascar .
Robert Hayes Gore ( 1886 - -1972 ) was an American politician and incredibly successful newspaper publisher who was appointed as the 11th civilian Governor of Puerto Rico , serving from July 1933 to January 1934 .
Saint Remaclus ( Remaculus , Remacle , Rimagilus ; died 673 ) was a Benedictine missionary bishop .
Charles John Brown ( born 13 October 1959 , New York City , United States ) is an archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Christian Gottfried Lorsch ( September 11 , 1773 in Nuremberg -- February 19 , 1830 in Nuremberg ) was the first civilian first mayor of Nuremberg after the city 's incorporation into the Kingdom of Bavaria , serving from 1818 to 1821 .
Boris Tadić ( Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( bǒris tǎdiːt͡ɕ ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Борис Тадић ; born 15 January 1958 ) is a Serbian politician who served as President of Serbia from 2004 to 2012 .
James Augustine Healy ( April 6 , 1830 -- August 5 , 1900 ) was the first Roman Catholic priest and the first bishop in the United States of any known African descent .
Maria Donatucci ( born 1954 ) is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 185th district , which includes parts of Delaware and Philadelphia counties .
Lawrence R. Yetka ( born October 1 , 1924 ) was an Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Meanwhile , contrary to what one would expect from a man whose father was rumoured to have been murdered by the city leaders , Miltiades the Younger rose through the ranks of Athens to become eponymous archon under the rule of the Peisistratid tyrant Hippias in 524/23 BCE .
William Hannan ( 30 August 1906 - -6 March 1987 ) was a Labour Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom .
Matthew Haston Krause , known as Matt Krause ( born August 19 , 1980 ) is a lawyer from Fort Worth , Texas , who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 93 , which encompasses a portion of Tarrant County in suburban Fort Worth .
Andrew J. Rommeriam ( March 15 , 1851 -- February 1 , 1926 ) was an American politician who served as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives .
Elbert Lee Trinkle ( March 12 , 1876 -- November 25 , 1939 ) was an American politician who served as the 49th Governor of Virginia from 1922 to 1926 .
Li Xiannian ( pronounced ( lì ɕjɛ́nnjɛ̂n ) ; 23 June 1909 -- 21 June 1992 ) was President of the People 's Republic of China between 1983 and 1988 and then Chairman of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference until his death .
František Tomášek ( 30 June 1899 , Studénka , Moravia -- 4 August 1992 , Prague , Czechoslovakia ) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in Bohemia , the 34th Archbishop of Prague , and a Roman Catholic theologian .
Pierre de La Broue ( 8 February 1644 , Toulouse - 20 September 1720 , Mirepoix was a French bishop . He was part of the ' Apellant ' movement within Jansenism , which called for the summoning of a church council to discuss the anti - Jansenist papal bull Unigenitus .
Ephraim Mirvis ( born 1956 ) is an Orthodox rabbi who serves as the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth .
Anushavan Danielyan ( Armenian : Անուշավան Դանիելյան ; born 1 August 1956 ) was Prime Minister of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic from June 1999 through September 2007 .
Alhaji Dahiru Mohammed Deba ( born 1952 ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Bauchi State , Nigeria between January 1992 and November 1983 during the Nigerian Third Republic , leaving office after the military coup that brought General Sani Abacha to power .
John Baptist Wang Jin ( Chinese : 王藎 ; pinyin : Wáng Jìn ; April 22 , 1924 -- September 23 , 2014 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop .
Ratgar was a controversial abbot at the famous Benedictine monastery of Fulda during the early ninth century .
Sir George Thomas Michael O'Brien KCMG ( Chinese : 柯布連 ) ( 5 November 1844 -- 12 April 1906 ) was a British colonial official , who served as Colonial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1892 to 1895 , and as Governor of Fiji from 1897 to 1901 .
Benjamin F. Conley ( March 1 , 1815 -- January 10 , 1886 ) was an American politician from the U.S. State of Georgia , who served as the 47th Governor of Georgia from 1871 to 1872 .
Giuseppe Pella ( 18 April 1902 -- 31 May 1981 ) was an Italian Christian Democratic politician who served as the 32nd Prime Minister of Italy from 1953 to 1954 .
Paul D. Froehlich ( born 1950 ) was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 56th district , where he served from 2003 to 2011 .
Nguyễn Huy Hùng ( born 2 March 1992 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a central midfielder for QNK Quang Nam F.C ..
Malado Reld Anido is a Bissau - Guinean professional footballer who plays as a defender .
Vladimír Dzurilla ( August 2 , 1942 in Bratislava , Slovakia -- July 25 , 1995 in Düsseldorf , Germany ) was a Slovak ice hockey goaltender playing for Czechoslovakia .
Pessius Polius ( born 12 November 1991 ) is an international football player from Saint Lucia , who plays as a goalkeeper .
Gabriel Valongo da Silva better known as Gabriel ( Camaçari , June 30 , 1987 ) is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a defender .
Vladimír Šmicer ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃmɪtsɛr ) , born 24 May 1973 ) is a former Czech football midfielder player .
Dr. Gwyn Rowlands ( 19 December 1928 -- 30 April 2010 ) was an English - born rugby union wing , who played international rugby for the Wales national team .
Meelis Lindmaa ( born 14 October 1970 ) is a retired football ( soccer ) defender from Estonia , who also played as a midfielder .
Odeon Bërdufi ( born 20 October 1990 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a forward for KS Iliria in the Albanian First Division .
Almen Abdi ( born 21 October 1986 ) is a Swiss footballer of Kosovar and Bosniak descent who plays as an attacking midfielder for Watford , having played for Zürich , Le Mans and Udinese .
Dušan Matović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душaн Maтoвић , born 8 July 1983 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Beitar Jerusalem .
Donald Slade ( 26 November 1888 -- 24 March 1980 ) was an English footballer who played as a forward for various English clubs in the period prior to World War I , before a post - war career in Scotland .
Ángelo Ademir Campos Turriate ( born 27 April 1993 ) better known as Ángelo Campos , is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays for Pacífico as a goalkeeper for Pacífico as loan from Alianza Lima .
Kevin Hodges ( born 12 June 1960 ) is a retired English footballer and manager who played as a midfielder , and now works as a coach .
Rémy Vercoutre ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁemi vɛʁkutχ ) , born 26 June 1980 in Grande - Synthe ) is a French football goalkeeper currently playing for Caen .
Alicia Wilson ( born 19 December 1979 ) is a Jamaican international football defender currently playing for KR .
Boban Bajković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бобан Бајковић ; born 15 March 1985 ) is a goalkeeper who currently is without a club .
Gregorio Blasco Sánchez ( 10 June 1909 -- 31 January 1983 ) , also known as Goyo Blasco , was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Ron Fearon ( born November 19 , 1960 in Romford ) is a retired English professional football goalkeeper .
Ismail Al - Amour ( Arabic : إسماعيل العمور‎ ; born 2 October 1984 ) is a Palestinian footballer currently playing for Jabal Al Mukaber of the West Bank Premier League as a midfielder .
Johnny Howard ( born 2 October 1980 ) is a retired English rugby union player , most often playing as scrum - half .
Luiz Alberto da Silva Oliveira ( born December 1 , 1977 in Rio de Janeiro ) , more commonly Luiz Alberto , is a Brazilian football defender , who currently plays for Náutico .
Imrich Stacho ( 4 November 1931 , in Trnava -- 10 January 2006 ) was a Slovak football goalkeeper .
Giuseppe Rizzo ( born 18 March 1991 in Messina ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Perugia .
Ažbe Jug ( born 3 March 1992 in Maribor ) is a Slovenian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Sporting CP in the Primeira Liga .
Aleksandar Kocić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Koцић ; born March 18 , 1969 ) , is a Serbian former football goalkeeper .
Mauri Holappa ( born 9 June 1965 ) is a Finnish football coach and former footballer ( midfielder ) who currently manages Djurgårdens IF ( women ) .
Cristiano Alves Pereira ( born October 9 , 1980 in Joinville , Brazil ) , better known as Cris , is a naturalized Togolese football defender .
Hyusein Filipov ( Bulgarian : Hyusein Filipov ; born 28 May 1992 in Sliven ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing as a midfielder .
Greg Maas ( born January 19 , 1966 I Portland , Oregon ) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent his entire professional career in Portland .
Cho Ji - hun ( Korean : 조지훈 ; born 29 May 1990 ) is a South Korean football midfielder , who plays for the Suwon Bluewings in the K League .
Rudy Alberto Williams ( born 25 August 1965 ) is a retired Honduran football defender , who played most of his career for Olimpia in the Honduran Liga Nacional .
Damir Drinić(Serbian Cyrillic : Дамир Дринић ; born July 20 , 1989 in Bački Jarak ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper .
Louis Schaub ( born 29 December 1994 ) is a German - born Austrian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Austrian Football Bundesliga side Rapid Wien .
Khalifa Jabbie ( born January 20 , 1993 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldova and for the Sierra Leone national football team .
Lyes Dendene ( born 2 May 1982 ) is an Algerian professional football player who currently plays as a defender for Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa .
Charalambos Moisiadis ( Greek : χαράλαμπος μωυσιάδης ; born 28 February 1976 ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Leigh Jenkinson ( born 9 July 1969 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1987 until 2003 .
Rumen Rangelov ( Bulgarian : Румен Рангелов ; born 30 November 1985 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Lokomotiv Sofia as a forward .
Stijn Meert ( born 6 April 1978 ) is a retired Belgian football midfielder and is currently the manager at the reserve team , Zulte Waregem II . He spent most of his club career playing for Zulte Waregem in the Belgian Pro League but as of 2012 is playing for Oudenaarde in the Belgian Second Division .
Mohamed Fornah ( born November 20 , 1987 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who is a defender and is currently playing for Perseta Tulungagung in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division .
João Gabriel da Silva ( born July 4 , 1984 ) is a Brazilian football midfielder , who plays for Maltese club Qormi .
Aurelio Scagnellato ( 26 October 1930 -- 10 July 2008 ) was an Italian football defender and managing director .
José Iván Moreno Dellano ( born 26 January 1981 in Plasencia , Extremadura ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Ahmed Adel Abd El - Moneam ( Arabic : احمد عادل عبد المنعم‎ ) ( born April 10 , 1987 ) is an Egyptian goalkeeper , playing for the Egyptian football team Al Ahly .
Monica Raluca Sârghe is a Romanian football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women 's First League for the Turkish club Konak Belediyespor in Izmir since the 2012 - -13 season .
Mohammed Ajnane ( born 9 May 1990 in Alkmaar ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Eoghan O'Connell ( born 13 August 1995 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for Celtic as a defender .
Serhiy Karpenko ( Ukrainian : Сергій Васильович Карпенко ; born 19 May 1981 , Shchaslyve , Boryspil Raion , Kyiv Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Tytan Armyansk .
Roberto Cravero ( born 3 January 1964 ) is a retired Italian footballer , who played as a defender .
Uroš Stojanov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Стојанов ; born 5 January 1989 in Kikinda , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football forward .
Jabulani Shongwe ( born February 28 , 1990 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder who plays for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits .
Kristin Luckenbill ( born May 28 , 1979 ) is an American professional soccer goalkeeper and Olympic gold medalist .
Giulio Migliaccio ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒuljo miʎˈʎattʃo ) ; born 23 June 1981 ) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for Atalanta in the Serie A league .
Tibor Végh ( born 31 March 1956 in Székesfehérvár ) is a retired Hungarian footballer who played as a defender .
Muthana Khalid Al - Masloukhi ( Arabic : مثنى خالد المسلوخي‎ ) ( born June 14 , 1989 , in Iraq ) is an Iraqi midfielder .
David Kircus ( born February 19 , 1980 ) is a former gridiron football wide receiver .
Jürgen Croy ( born 19 October 1946 in Zwickau , Germany ) is a former international football goalkeeper for the German Democratic Republic .
Ian Benjamin ( born 11 December 1961 ) was an English professional footballer who played for a number of clubs in a number of positions , mostly as a forward .
John Seasman ( born 21 February 1955 ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a midfielder .
Manuel Suárez de Begoña also known as Manolo Suárez or simply Suárez ( b. Getxo -- d. August 23 , 1936 in Alicante ) was a Spanish football forward and manager .
Amir Abbas Ayenechi ( Persian : امیر عباس آینه چی‎‎ , January 6 , 1994 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian football defender , who currently plays for Persepolis in Persian Gulf Pro League .
Marc Bourrier ( born 21 September 1934 ) is a French football midfielder who played for Montpellier , Lens , Toulon and Avignon .
Dušan Tešić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Тешић ; born 16 July 1988 ) is a Serbian football forward , who last played for Spartak Subotica in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Miroslav Ceplák ( born 16 June 1983 ) is a Czech footballer who plays midfielder .
Eduardo Henrique da Silva ( born 17 May 1995 ) , simply known as Eduardo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a defensive midfielder .
Carl Hoefkens ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkɑrl ˈɦuf.kəns ) ; born 6 October 1978 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a defender for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 , and formerly the Belgium national football team .
Nicole Bullo ( born July 18 , 1987 ) is a Swiss ice hockey forward who plays internationally for the Switzerland women 's national ice hockey team .
Frank Corrigan ( born 13 November 1952 in Liverpool , Merseyside ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Juri Cisotti ( born 5 May 1993 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Rijeka on loan from Spezia .
Omar Sahnoun ( Arabic : عمر سحنون‎ ; 18 August 1955 -- 21 April 1980 ) was a French professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Luigi De Agostini ( born April 7 , 1961 ) is an Italian former football defender , primarily in the role of an attacking full - back , due to his pace , stamina , marking , crossing , positional sense , technical ability , and his capacity to read the game .
Alessandro Lopes Pereira , as known as Alessandro Lopes ( born 13 February 1984 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender .
Damien Kelly is a retired Irish - American soccer forward who played professionally in the United Soccer League , American Indoor Soccer Association and Southwest Independent Soccer League .
Krzysztof Marcinkowski ( 29 April 1960 -- 19 December 2013 ) was a Polish footballer who primarily played as a midfielder .
Jordi Vinyals Martori ( born 24 November 1963 in Cardedeu , Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current coach of Chinese club Qingdao Hainiu FC .
Valentin Stocker ( born 12 April 1989 in Lucerne ) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Hertha BSC in the German Bundesliga .
Dragan Žilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Жилић ; born 14 December 1974 ) is a former Serbian football goalkeeper .
Salomón Libman ( born 25 February 1984 ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper in the Torneo Descentralizado for CD Universidad César Vallejo and the Peru national team .
Mauro Lucas dos Santos Alonso ( born August 12 , 1988 ) , commonly known as Mauro Alonso , is a Brazilian football midfielder .
Saša Vidović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Видовић , born 14 February 1982 ) is a Bosnian Serb football midfielder playing for RFK Novi Sad in the Serbian First League .
Ilie Cebanu ( born 29 December 1986 in Chişinău ) is a Moldovan footballer who currently plays for Russian side FC Mordovia Saransk as goalkeeper .
Amoukou Gérard Gnanhouan ( born 12 February 1979 ) is a Côte d'Ivoire football goalkeeper who currently is Free agent .
Mpho Gift Leremi ( 13 October 1984 -- 3 September 2007 ) was a South African football midfielder who last played for Mamelodi Sundowns in the Premier Soccer League , and South Africa .
Ilson Pereira Dias Júnior , commonly known as Ilsinho ( born 12 October 1985 in São Bernardo do Campo ) , is a Brazilian right midfielder who last played for Shakhtar Donetsk .
Lukas Königshofer ( born 16 March 1989 ) is an Austrian football goalkeeper currently playing for Hallescher FC in the German 3 .
Matthias Maucksch ( born 11 June 1969 ) is a German former footballer who played as midfielder or defender .
Sævar Jónsson ( born 22 July 1958 ) is an Icelandic former footballer , who played as a defender .
Vladimir Yuryevich Sobolev ( Russian : Владимир Юрьевич Соболев ; born 30 July 1991 in Gukovo , Rostov Oblast ) is a Russian footballer who plays for Russian Premier League club FC Rubin Kazan as a midfielder .
Cristiano Gimelli ( born on 15 February 1982 ) is an Italian football defender .
Zane Winslade was playing for the Tasman Makos in the Air New Zealand Cup in 2009 He is an openside flanker that ran and tackled hard .
Samal Saeed Mujbel Al Mamoori ( Arabic : سامال سعيد مجبل‎ , born 27 May 1984 , in Iraq ) is an Iraqi defender who plays for Al - Talaba In Iraq , and for the Iraq national football team .
Michal Birner ( born March 2 , 1986 ) is a Czech ice hockey forward .
Hamza Bencherif ( born 2 February 1988 ) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for F.C. Halifax Town at centre back or as a midfielder .
Jason Naismith ( born 25 June 1994 ) is a professional football player currently playing as a defender for St. Mirren in the Scottish Championship .
Mohammed Abu ( born 14 November 1991 ) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays professionally for Norwegian club Strømsgodset , as a midfielder .
Bohdan Blavatskyi ( Ukrainian : Богдан Ігорович Блавацький ; born 7 June 1963 in Mali Pidlisky , Zhovkva Raion , Lviv Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian former football forward and now a football coach since 1994 .
Emilio Romero is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League , American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League /Colorado Comets South West Professional League 1984 - 1988 Player Coach .
Jeff Duback is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played in the Western Soccer Alliance , American Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League .
Jakob Busk Jensen ( born 12 September 1993 ) is a Danish footballer , playing as goalkeeper for Union Berlin .
Tommaso Bellazzini ( born 23 December 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Pavia as an attacking midfielder or winger .
Victor Leandro Bagy , simply known as Victor ( born 21 January 1983 ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a goalkeeper .
Theis Frydenlund Rasmussen ( born 12 July 1984 ) , known as Theis F. Rasmussen , is a Danish football goalkeeper currently unattached .
Keo Coleman is a former linebacker in the National Football League .
Eddie Soto ( born June 14 , 1972 ) was a U.S. soccer forward who spent five seasons in the USISL and has served as an assistant men 's and women 's collegiate soccer coach for eight seasons .
Chappie Sheppell was an American soccer forward who led the American Soccer League in scoring in 1943 .
Fredrik Gulbrandsen ( born 10 September 1992 ) is a Norwegian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Molde .
Lúcio Soares ( born 31 May 1934 in Manhuaçu -- died 1988 ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as defender .
Sean Kavanagh ( born 24 January 1994 ) is an Irish footballer who plays for Mansfield Town on loan from Fulham as a defender .
Jesmond Delia ( born 20 March 1967 in Malta ) is a former professional footballer who last played for Maltese First Division side Pietà Hotspurs , where he played as a defender .
Bryan Rodney ( born April 22 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who plays currently for HCB South Tyrol in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Rodolfo Orlandini ( January 1 , 1905 -- December 24 , 1990 ) was an Argentine football ( soccer ) midfielder who played for the Argentina national team between 1927 and 1930 .
Priit Reiska ( born 3 January 1970 , in Tallinn ) is a football ( soccer ) defender from Estonia , who also played as a midfielder .
Gerald Sibeko ( born July 6 , 1979 in Soweto , Gauteng ) is a former South African football ( soccer ) player who played as a midfielder .
Heinz Wirtz is a retired German soccer defender who played professionally in the Bundesliga ( Germany ) .
Jeffrey Werleman is a football ( soccer ) goalkeeper and member of the Aruba national football team .
Kern Cupid ( born November 4 , 1984 ) is a professional football defender from Trinidad and Tobago .
Theo Selemidis ( born 27 October 1959 ) is an Australian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder .
Ali Khaddafi(born July 7 , 1984 in Lomé ) is a Togolese football midfielder .
James Irons ( born 30 October 1874 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a wing half .
Ernandes Dias Luz ( born 11 November 1987 in São Félix do Araguaia , Mato Grosso ) , simply known as Ernandes , is a Brazilian footballer who is plays for América Mineiro as a defensive midfielder or a left back .
Vladimir Golubović ( born 24 February 1986 ) is a Serbian - born Montenegrin professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Reggiana of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 2.12 m ( 6 ft 11 1⁄2 in ) , he plays at the center position .
Jari Europaeus ( born 29 December 1962 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a retired football defender .
Gjergji Muzaka ( born 26 September 1984 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Tirana in the Albanian Superliga as a midfielder .
The club 's stadium was renamed to the Niko Dovana Stadium in the early 1990s in honour of the goalkeeper .
Lee Bell ( born 26 January 1983 ) is an English former professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Macclesfield Town , on loan from Burton Albion .
Sadegh Moharrami ( Persian : صادق محرمی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Malavan in the Iran Pro League .
Energy Murambadoro ( born 27 June 1982 in Gweru ) is a former Zimbabwean football ( soccer ) goalkeeper who last played for Bidvest Wits in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe .
Henry Motego ( born 21 May 1964 ) is a former Kenya international football forward who played for clubs in Kenya and Oman .
Antônio Dias dos Santos , best known as Toninho ( born in Vera Cruz , Bahia State , Brazil , June 7 , 1948 -- died December 8 , 1999 ) was an association footballer in defender role .
Homer Screws is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League , Western Soccer Alliance and American Indoor Soccer Association .
Eduardo Luís Marques Kruss Gomes ( born 6 December 1955 ) , known as Eduardo Luís , is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a central defender , and a current coach .
Tomáš Duba ( born July 2 , 1981 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender , currently playing for Krefeld Pinguine in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Orri Sigurður Ómarsson ( born 18 February 1995 ) is an Icelandic football player who plays as a defender for Valur .
Wijay or Vijay ( Tamil விஜய் , Kannada ವಿಜಯ್ , Sanskrit विजय ; born December 29 , 1982 in Medan , North Sumatra ) is an Indonesian footballer midfielder of Indian Indonesians descent .
Tim Bakens ( born 2 November 1982 in Groesbeek ) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a centre back .
Murat Kayalı ( born 13 August 1989 ) is a Turkish footballer , who last played as a midfielder for Elazığspor .
Stuart Dimond ( 3 January 1920 -- 2004 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
New coach Ján Kocian appointed Xu Deshuai as a box - to - box midfielder and played as one of playmakers with captain Li Haiqiang but he could not have a good performance .
Boy Waterman ( born 24 January 1984 in Lelystad , Flevoland ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot First Division side APOEL FC .
Irvine Harwood ( born 1905 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Arthur Mkrtchyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Մկրտչյան , born on 9 September 1973 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is a retired Armenian football defender .
Simon Look is a retired Israeli football ( soccer ) forward who played professionally in Israel and in the American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Thomas Greilinger ( born August 6 , 1981 in Deggendorf ) is German professional ice hockey forward .
Omid Popalzay ( Dari : امید پوپلزي ; born 25 January 1996 in Kabul ) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Achilles ' 29 in the Dutch Jupiler League .
Azi Shahril Azmi ( born on 20 September 1985 ) is a Malaysian footballer who is a midfielder for Felcra F.C ..
As a midfielder , Tércio Nunes Machado played for several clubs including Atlético Mineiro , Caxias , Cruzeiro , Náutico and Ceilândia in Brazil before heading overseas .
Božidar Čačić ( born 28 June 1972 ) is a Croatian retired football defender .
Roberto Mussi ( born 25 August 1963 ) is a former Italian footballer , who played as a defender ; he was capable of playing both in a centre - back or right - back role .
Vincenzo Italiano ( born December 10 , 1977 ) is an Italian football player who is currently a midfielder for Lumezzane .
Pekka Rautakallio ( born July 25 , 1953 ) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman and coach .
Manuel Velázquez Villaverde ( 24 January 1943 -- 15 January 2016 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Valter Matošević ( born 11 June 1970 in Rijeka , Croatia ) is a former Croatian team handball player who was at the goalkeeper position .
Aleksandr Kislitsyn ( Russian : Александр Кислицын ; born 8 March 1986 ) is a Kazakh football defender for FC Irtysh Pavlodar .
Carlos Alberto Trejo Sánchez ( born March 20 , 1983 in Mexico DF , Mexico ) is a professional football goalkeeper and is currently a free agent .
Arthur Pimlott ( died January 1895 ) was a footballer who played as a forward for Burslem Port Vale between 1891 and 1893 .
Jan Klijnjan ( born February 26 , 1945 ) is a Dutch former international football midfielder .
Saeed Robinson ( born 8 August 1990 ) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays as a forward for Colorado Springs Switchbacks in the USL .
Ivan Dal Santo ( born 12 January 1972 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for the Swiss team FC Oerlikon Polizei .
Sakit Aliyev ( 22 December 1965 -- 12 October 2015 ) was an Azerbaijani professional footballer who most notable played as a defender for Turan Tovuz and the Azerbaijan national team .
Angel David Alonso ( born 30 November 1985 ) is a Paraguayan association football defender currently playing for Comunicaciones of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina .
Han Wenhai ( Chinese : 韩文海 ; born 28 January 1971 ) is a former Chinese football goalkeeper , currently at Dalian Aerbin F.C. as a goalkeeping coach .
Serhiy Dolhanskyi ( born 15 September 1974 in Zdolbuniv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Bruno Chalkiadakis ( Greek : Μπρούνο Χαλκιαδάκης ) , born Bruno Pereira Da Silva Araujo ( born 7 April 1993 ) is a Greek - Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos , as a midfielder .
Massimiliano Barbone ( born 12 July 1991 ) is a former Italian footballer who plays as a defender .
Manja Rogan ( born 22 October 1995 ) is a Slovenian football midfielder currently playing for Pomurje in the Slovenian Women 's League , with which she made her Champions League debut in August 2012 , scoring 3 goals .
David Díaz Mangano ( born 2 December 1992 ) , commonly known as Bicho , is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Lloyd Scott , MBE ( born 13 October 1961 in Rainham , London ) is an English former professional football goalkeeper and now charity fundraiser , best known in the UK for his charity marathons .
Kennedy Malunga ( born 14 May 1970 ) is a former Malawi international football midfielder who plays for clubs in Malawi , South Africa and Belgium .
Jean - François Péron ( born 11 October 1965 in Saint - Omer , France ) , more commonly known in England as Jeff Peron is a retired French professional footballer who played as a midfielder for several teams in the Football League .
He is currently goaltender and coach of the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League 's Anka S.K. and member of the Turkey national men 's ice hockey team Çağıl Uyar played for Ankara Büyükşehir Belediye S.K. in the 2005 - -2006 season before he transferred to Anka S.K.
Philippe Clement ( born 22 March 1974 ) is a Belgian retired football defender and currently the assistant manager of Club Brugge .
Elia Benedettini ( born 22 June 1995 ) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Cesena 's under-19 team .
Lisa Stoia ( born August 28 , 1982 , Shirley , New York ) is an American soccer midfielder who last played for Saint Louis Athletica of Women 's Professional Soccer .
Grégory Tafforeau ( born 29 September 1976 in Bois - Guillaume , Seine - Maritime ) is a retired French Norman footballer who played as a defender .
Cristhian Venegas ( born 27 May 1993 in Los Ángeles , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Segunda División de Chile club Santa Cruz on loan from O'Higgins as defender .
Julio Álvarez Mosquera ( born 1 May 1981 ) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Numancia mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Andy Franck ( born July 4 , 1981 in Lakewood , Ohio ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played goaltender for the Wheeling Nailers , Youngstown Steelhounds , Providence Bruins , Oklahoma City Blazers , and Rio Grande Valley Killer Bees .
Ali Ceesay ( born 10 October 1992 ) is a Gambian football defender , who last played for Skonto Rīga in the Latvian Higher League .
Enoque Paulo Guilherme ( born August 16 , 1987 ) , better known as Enoque , is an Angolan football defender , who plays for Santos de Angola in the Girabola .
Aleksey Dionisiev ( Bulgarian : Алексей Дионисиев ; born 21 April 1973 ) is a former Bulgarian - born Uzbekistani footballer who played as a defender .
Shu - Aib Walters ( born 26 December 1981 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Maritzburg United in the Premier Soccer League .
Davide Cinaglia ( born 10 April 1994 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Ascoli .
Lara Struck is an Australian goalkeeper for Kaiserslautern WFC , formerly of Darwin WFC and the Northern Territory Academy of Sport .
Patrik Olsson ( born 27 September 1974 ) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward .
Gary DePalma is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USL A - League , National Professional Soccer League and second Major Indoor Soccer League .
Sonia Vesga Ruiz , also known as Sonia Burgos in allusion to her birthplace , is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing for Rayo Vallecano in Primera División .
Runa Vikestad ( born 13 August 1984 in Finnsnes ) is a Norwegian football defender , currently playing for Kolbotn Fotball in the Toppserien .
Fred Higginbotham ( 1868 -- September 7 , 1896 ) was an ice hockey defenceman for the Winnipeg Victorias .
Mostafa Shojaei ( Persian : مصطفی شجاعی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football forward , who currently plays for Mes Kerman in Azadegan League .
Zoran Nižić ( born 11 October 1989 in Split ) is a Croatian football player who plays as defender , currently with Hajduk Split in the Prva HNL .
Lou Cioffi is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League , Major Indoor Soccer League and third American Soccer League .
Lewis Coult ( born 7 June 1988 ) is a Scottish professional football forward who plays for Stirling Albion .
Jean - Chrysostome Raharison ( born 23 August 1979 ) , commonly referred to as Bota , is a Madagascar international footballer who plays for SS Saint - Louisienne , as a goalkeeper .
Josh Unice ( born June 24 , 1989 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender .
As an attacking left - footed midfielder Ma Mingyu would break into the senior team on 30 January 1996 , when he made his debut in a qualifier for the 1996 AFC Asian Cup against Macau in a 7 - -1 victory .
Stipe Pletikosa ( pronounced ( stǐːpe plětikosa ) ; born 8 January 1979 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña as a goalkeeper .
Lau Cheuk Hin ( Chinese : 劉卓軒 ; Jyutping : lau4 coek3 hin1 ; born 26 April 1992 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong football midfielder .
Damien Brunner ( born March 9 , 1986 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward currently playing with HC Lugano of the National League A.
Luca Ladner ( born 26 April 1989 in Zürich ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as midfielder for FC Wohlen on loan from FC Zurich in the Swiss Super League .
Lee Pluck ( born 25 March 1982 ) in Enfield , London , England , is a retired English professional footballer who played as a defender for Barnet in the Football League .
Marcos Renan Oliveira Santana , ( born 7 March 1990 ) also called Renan , is a football midfielder .
Noah Palmer ( born April 21 , 1983 in Williamsburg , Virginia ) is an American soccer goalkeeper .
Michael Præst ( born July 25 , 1986 in Give ) is a Danish professional football player in the defender position , who currently plays for KR Reykjavíkur in the Úrvalsdeild .
Iosif Cavai ( born 1 January 1951 in Timişoara ) is a Romanian association football goalkeeper and coach .
Per Gunnar Dalløkken ( born 28 January 1965 ) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder .
Artem Kychak ( Ukrainian : Артем Іванович Кичак ; born 16 May 1989 in Vinnytsia , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper .
S. Mack ( full name unrecorded ) was an English footballer who played as a defender .
Steffen Büttner ( born 2 November 1963 ) is a German former footballer who played as a defender .
Ernie Gregory ( 10 November 1921 -- 21 January 2012 ) was an English footballer , who played as a goalkeeper for West Ham United .
Matteo Brighi ( Italian pronunciation : ( matˈtɛo ˈbriɡi ) ; born 14 February 1981 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Bologna as a midfielder .
Vadym Melnyk ( born 16 May 1980 , Nemovychi , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi .
Bernd Jakubowski ( December 10 , 1952 in Rostock -- July 25 , 2007 in Dresden ) was an East German footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Martín Edwin García ( born 2 March 1981 in Bogotá , Cundinamarca ) is a Colombian football forward who last played for Tianjin Songjiang .
Ron Brett ( 4 September 1937 -- 30 August 1962 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward .
Arash Roshanipour ( Persian : آرش روشنی پور ; born February 25 , 1988‎ ) is an Iranian football midfielder , who currently plays for Saba Qom in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Miguel Ángel Lozano Ayala ( born 16 September 1978 ) , known as Miguel Ángel , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Willie Lennie ( 26 January 1882 -- unknown ) was a Scottish professional football midfielder who played for Queen 's Park , Rangers , Dundee , Fulham and Aberdeen .
Patrick Bantamoi ( born 24 May 1986 in Bo , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Finnish club RoPS .
Bruno Campese ( born August 3 , 1963 ) is a Canadian - born Italian ice hockey goaltender .
Billy Best ( born 7 September 1942 ) was a professional footballer who played football for Northampton Town and Southend United as a forward .
Tamara Jovanović is a Serbian retired football midfielder who played for Mašinac Niš in the Serbian First League .
Michele Serena ( born 10 March 1970 in Venice ) is an Italian former football defender and former manager of Padova .
Daniele De Rossi , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( daˈnjɛːle de ˈrossi ) ; born 24 July 1983 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Roma and the Italy national team as a defensive midfielder .
Fausto González Sibaja ( born 13 September 1978 in Ciudad Quesada , San Carlos ) is a former Costa Rican footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Blagojče Božinovski ( born 7 May 1985 in Skopje ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender , currently with NK Croatia Sesvete in the Croatian Druga HNL .
Arthur Bate ( 14 October 1908 -- February 1993 ) was an English professional footballer who played predominantly as a centre forward and occasionally as an outside - right .
Rahman Ahmadi ( Persian : رحمان احمدی‎ , born 30 July 1980 in Noshahr , Iran ) is an Iranian goalkeeper who currently plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League .
Harry McMenemy ( born 26 March 1912 , date of death unknown ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward .
Roberto Rambaudi ( born January 12 , 1966 in Moncalieri ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player , who played as a forward or midfielder in the position of right winger .
Amanda Sampedro Bustos ( born 26 June 1993 ) is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing for Atlético Madrid in Spain 's Primera División .
Ernesto Valverde Tejedor ( Spanish pronunciation : ( erˈnesto βalˈβerðe ) ; born 9 February 1964 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward , and the current coach of Athletic Bilbao .
Petar Kanchev ( Bulgarian : Петър Кънчев ) ( born 4 September 1977 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently ( as of June 2010 ) playing for PFC Chernomorets Balchik as a midfielder .
Jeovânio Rocha do Nascimento or simply Jeovânio ( born November 11 , 1977 , in Goiânia , Brazil ) is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Valdis Pultraks ( 1922 - 1972 ) was a Latvian football goalkeeper , one of the most known Latvian footballers of the early post - World War II era .
Gerard Bordas Bahamontes ( born 11 September 1981 in Manresa , Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CE Manresa as a winger or a forward .
Sven Ratke ( born 3 January 1972 in Görlitz ) is a German former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Víctor René Mendieta Ocampo ( born 16 June 1961 in Panama City is a retired Panamanian football forward .
Yacine Abdessadki ( born 1 January 1981 in Nice , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur ) is a French - born Moroccan football midfielder currently plays for SR Colmar .
Mārtiņš Raitums ( born 14 April 1985 ) is a Latvian ice hockey goaltender who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Latvia men 's national ice hockey team .
Christos Terzanidis ( Greek : Χρήστος Τερζανίδης ; born 13 February 1945 ) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a midfielder .
Roberto Punčec ( born 27 October 1991 ) is a Croatian football player who plays as a defender , currently with 1 .
Aleksandre Karapetian ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Կարապետյան ; born 23 December 1987 ) is an Armenian footballer who plays as a forward for Luxembourgian club Dudelange .
Gerolamo Radice ( 11 November 1883 -- 19 November 1948 ) was an Italian professional footballer , who played as a goalkeeper , and football referee .
The Ministry of Magic is the government of the Magical community of Britain in J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
Laserbeak ( with various spellings ) is the name given to several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes .
Ashley Cotton is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , the son of Zoe and Nick Cotton ( John Altman ) and the grandson of Charlie ( Christopher Hancock ) and Dot Cotton ( June Brown ) , played by Rossi Higgins in 1993 and then by Frankie Fitzgerald in 2000 .
Ouyang Feng is a fictional character in the wuxia novel The Legend of the Condor Heroes and its sequel , The Return of the Condor Heroes , both of which are written by Jin Yong ( Louis Cha ) .
Anne Marie Wilkes Dugan , usually known as Annie Wilkes , is a character in the 1987 novel Misery , by Stephen King .
Milo Pressman is a fictional character played by Eric Balfour on the show 24 .
Caroline Spencer is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera , The Bold and the Beautiful , created by producer Bradley Bell .
Patricia `` Peppermint Patty '' Reichardt is a fictional character featured in Charles M. Schulz ' comic strip Peanuts .
George O'Malley is a fictional character from the medical drama television series Grey 's Anatomy , which airs on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) in the United States .
Trevor Short is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera , EastEnders , played by Phil McDermott from 1 June 1989 to 1 March 1990 .
Alien Siege is a 2005 Sci - Fi Channel Original Movie about an alien race that comes to Earth seeking a cure to a deadly virus , for which the antidote is human blood .
The Restorers ( sometimes referred to as The Restorers : Giving History a Future ... ) is a 2003 documentary film by Adam White about restoration of vintage war planes ranging from the F4U Corsair to the B-17 `` Yankee Lady '' .
The Woman in the House is a 1942 short feature from MGM about an Englishwoman who becomes a recluse for forty years .
The Chronicles of Riddick is a 2004 American science fiction adventure film which follows the adventures of Richard B. Riddick as he attempts to elude capture after the events depicted in the 2000 film Pitch Black .
The Hunchback of Notre Dame II is a 2002 American animated romantic musical comedy - drama film and direct - to - video sequel to the 1996 Disney animated film The Hunchback of Notre Dame .
Interchange File Format ( IFF ) , is a generic container file format originally introduced by the Electronic Arts company in 1985 ( in cooperation with Commodore / Amiga ) in order to facilitate transfer of data between software produced by different companies .
Legendary Weapons of China ( aka Legendary Weapons of Kung Fu ) is a 1982 martial arts fantasy film directed by Lau Kar - Leung .
Oil 's Well is a computer game distributed by Sierra On - Line in 1983 , and again in 1990 .
I Miss You , Hugs and Kisses ( also known as Drop Dead , Dearest and Left for Dead ) is a 1978 Canadian drama - mystery film .
Red Chinese Battle Plan is a 28-minute black - and - white propaganda short produced by the United States Department of Defense in 1967 .
Going by the Book ( Hangul : 바르게 살자 ; RR : Bareuge Salja ) is a 2007 South Korean film .
Hello , Schoolgirl ( Hangul : 순정만화 ; RR : Sunjeong Manhwa ; literally `` pure / romantic comic , '' the Korean version of shōjo manga ) is a 2008 South Korean film .
Love 's Long Journey is a 2005 Christian Drama made - for - TV movie based on a series of books by Janette Oke .
In the Good Old Summertime is a 1949 Technicolor musical film directed by Robert Z. Leonard .
Devaru Kotta Vara ( Kannada : ದೇವರು ಕೊಟ್ಟ ವರ ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada film , directed by R. Ramamurthy and produced by R. Rama Sheshan and R. Kashi Vishwanathan .
Son İstasyon is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Oğulcan Kırca and starring the director 's father Levent Kırca .
The Burning Times is a 1990 Canadian documentary , presenting a feminist account of the Early Modern European witchcraft trials .
Thambikottai is a 2011 Indian Tamil - language action - masala film directed by R. Ammu Ramesh .
Stolen Honor is a 45-minute video documentary that was released in September 2004 .
Dreams from the Middle of the World ( Spanish : Sueños en la mitad del mundo ) is a 1998 Ecuadorian film directed by Carlos Naranjo Estrella .
Spy Hunter is a 1983 arcade game developed and released by Bally Midway .
Cup Fever is a 1965 British family sports film directed by David Bracknell and starring Bernard Cribbins , David Lodge and Susan George .
Tell Me Lies is a 1968 British drama film directed and produced by Peter Brook .
Gli Angeli del quartiere ( `` The Angels of the Neighbourhood '' ) is a 1952 Italian drama film .
Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre - Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood .
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is a 2002 documentary film directed by Paul Justman that recounts the story of The Funk Brothers , the uncredited and largely unheralded studio musicians who were the house band that Berry Gordy hand picked in 1959 .
Margadarshi ( Kannada : ಮಾರ್ಗದರ್ಶಿ ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Patel and Srikanth Nahatha .
Not Worth a Fig ( Turkish : İncir Çekirdeği ) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written and directed by Selda Çiçek based on a true story about a woman unhappily married to her late sister 's husband .
Darkwing was first released in Canada and the United States in August 2007 .
Jothe Jotheyali ( Kannada : ಜೊತೆ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep and produced by Meena Thoogudeepa Srinivas .
Walk Proud is a 1979 American drama film directed by Robert L. Collins and written by Evan Hunter .
Namco Classic Collection Vol . 2 ( ナムコクラシックコレクション Namuko Kurashikku Korekushon Tsū ) is a compilation arcade game that was released by Namco in 1996 .
Ponmaalai Pozhudhu ( Golden Evening Hours ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by AC Durai featuring Aadhav Kannadasan and Gayathrie in the lead roles .
The Night God Screamed is a 1971 American psychological suspense film , also classified as a horror film , independently made on a low budget by Lasky / Carlin Productions ( producers Ed Carlin and Gil Lasky , with Lasky writing the screenplay ) .
Tactical Assault is a 1998 action / adventure film starring Rutger Hauer , Robert Patrick , Isabel Glasser and Dey Young .
Nightmare on the 13th Floor is a 1990 made - for - TV movie which originally aired on the USA Network on Halloween 1990 .
The Starfighters is an American film released in 1964 .
All in the Game is a 2006 British one - off television drama , made by Tightrope Pictures for Channel 4 .
Pee Mak ( Thai : พี่มาก .. พระโขนง ; rtgs : Phi Mak Phra Khanong ) is a 2013 Thai comedy horror film directed by Banjong Pisanthanaku .
Rabbit Hero ( Chinese : 超能兔战队 ) is a 2015 Chinese animated science fiction comedy film directed by Fu Yan .
Bosko , the Talk - Ink Kid is a 1929 live - action / animated short film produced to sell a series of Bosko cartoons .
Cannibal Holocaust premiered on 7 February 1980 in the Italian city of Milan .
Troopers Three ( 1930 ) is an American Pre - Code silent comedy film , produced and distributed by Tiffany Studios .
Angoroj ( 1964 ; Esperanto for `` Agonies '' ) was the first feature film to be produced entirely in Esperanto .
Kaithappoo is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Raghuraman .
Death Weekend ( released in the USA under the title The House by the Lake ) is a 1976 Canadian horror / thriller film .
Rana 's Wedding also known as Jerusalem , Another Day ( Arabic , القدس في يوم أخر ) is a Palestinian film released in 2002 , produced in partnership with the Netherlands and funded by the Palestinian Film Foundation .
Control Bhaji Control is expected to release on 22 August 2014 .
Omicidio per appuntamento was released in 1967 , and was also distributed under the title Agent 3S3 Setzt Alles Auf Eine Karte .
Tales from the Golden Age ( Romanian : Amintiri din epoca de aur ) is a 2009 Romanian omnibus film .
My Skinny Sister ( Swedish : Min lilla syster ) is a 2015 Swedish drama film directed by Sanna Lenken .
Raunaq is a 1944 Bollywood film directed by Dwarka Khosla and starring Chandraprabha , Noor Mohammad Charlie and Chandra Mohan , Motilal and Subarnalata Subarnalata .
Swarabhishekam ( Telugu : స్వరాభిషేకం ) is a 2004 Telugu , musical drama film written and directed by K. Viswanath .
Myself Pendu is a 2015 Punjabi comedy movie directed by Surinder Rihal under the banner of Music Box Media Entertainment Co. , releasing on 4 September 2015 .
Eskalofrío ( from escalofrío , Spanish for `` Shiver '' ) is a 2008 horror - thriller film directed by Isidro Ortiz and produced by Guillermo Del Toro .
La vida de Jose Rizal ( The life of Jose Rizal ) , released in 1912 , was the first feature film produced in the Philippines .
Year of the Dogs is a 1997 documentary detailing the 1996 season of the Footscray Football Club ( now Western Bulldogs ) .
La Lingerie ( 内衣少女 , Noi Yee Siu Nü ) is a 2008 Hong Kong film written and co - directed by Chan Hing - Kai and Janet Chun , and is a loose follow - up to Chan 's 2001 debut La Brassiere .
Mother Did n't Tell Me is a 1950 American comedy film written and directed by Claude Binyon .
Bhaaratheeyam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Suresh Krishnan .
The Death of the Incredible Hulk is a 1990 telefilm , the last of three revival telefilms from the 1978 - -1982 television show The Incredible Hulk .
The Weakness of the Bolshevik is a 2003 Spanish film directed by Manuel Martín Cuenca .
The Hungry Squid is 2002 animated short film by John Weldon , about a young girl whose homework and personal life is being disrupted by creatures , including a giant ravenous squid .
The Pointer is a 1939 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictureson July 21 , 1939 .
Raakhandaar ( Marathi : राखानदार ) is a 2014 Fiction , Philosophy , Drama Marathi film directed & produced by Mrunalinni Patil .
Rustlers of Red Dog ( 1935 ) is a Universal movie serial based on the book The Great West That Was by William `` Buffalo Bill '' Cody .
Chuvapputhaalam is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Babu Radhakrishnan .
Dead Fury is a 2008 American animated comedy - horror parody written and directed by Frank Sudol , with Sudol also doing all animation , music , and voice characterizations .
Candles at Nine is a 1944 British mystery film directed by John Harlow and starring Beatrix Lehmann , Joss Ambler and Jessie Matthews .
Moontrap is a 1989 science fiction film from Magic Films .
Kodalu Diddina Kapuram ( Telugu : కోడలు దిద్దిన కాపురం ) is a 1970 Telugu drama film directed by D. Yoganand .
Help Me Eros was nominated for two 2008 Asian Film Awards in the categories of Best Cinematographer and Best Production Designer , and for the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival in 2007 .
Opasni put is a 1963 Croatian film directed by Mate Relja .
Fire Maidens from Outer Space ( 1956 ) , released in the USA as Fire Maidens of Outer Space , is a 78-minute black - and - white science fiction feature film .
Robinsonada or My English Grandfather ( Georgian : რობინზონიადა ანუ ჩემი ინგლისელი პაპა ; translit . robinzoniada anu chemi ingliseli papa ; Russian : Робинзонада , или Мой английский дедушка ; translit . Robinzonada ili moy angliskiy dedushka ; also known as Robinson Crusoe in Georgia ) is a 1986 Georgian comedy film directed by Nana Djordjadze .
In April 2006 , Infinity Ward released the Call of Duty 2 Radiant , which allows a player to create their own multiplayer or single - player maps .
The Bloody Fists ( Chinese : 荡寇滩 ; pinyin : Dàng Kòu Tān ) , aka Deadly Buddhist Raiders or Death Beach , is a 1972 Hong Kong action movie directed by See - Yuen Ng and starring Chen Siu Sing and Kuan Tai Chen .
Circle Track Summer is a 2005 film microbudget action / comedy film about auto racing .
Empire of Lust ( Hangul : 순수의 시대 ; RR : Sunsuui sidae ; lit . `` The Age of Innocence '' ) is a 2015 South Korean period film starring Shin Ha - kyun , Jang Hyuk , Kang Han - na and Kang Ha - neul .
Third Degree is a 1986 album by Johnny Winter and the final of the trilogy he made for Alligator Records .
Metro Cuadrado ( English : Square Meter ) is a 2011 Chilean drama film directed and written by Nayra Ilic , and filmed in Santiago , Chile .
C.I.D. Rajanna ( Kannada : ಸಿ.ಐ.ಡಿ. ರಾಜಣ್ಣ ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language film produced and directed by R. Ramamurthy .
Foundation 's Friends , Stories in Honor of Isaac Asimov is a 1989 book written in honor of science fiction author Isaac Asimov , in the form of an anthology of short stories set in Asimov 's universes , particularly the Robot / Empire / Foundation universe .
El camino de los espantos ( `` The Specters ' Road '' ) is a 1967 Mexican horror comedy film .
Spooky Buddies is a 2011 Disney direct - to - DVD comedy film that is part of the Disney Buddies franchise , a series often referred to as the Air Bud and Air Buddies franchise .
Along the Roadside has been named `` the most unique film of the year '' after its Mill Valley Film Festival premiere in October 2013 .
Emmanuelle in Soho is a 1981 British sex film directed by David Hughes and produced by David Sullivan , and starring Angie Quick ( under the name ' Mandy Miller ' ) , Julie Lee and John M. East .
Warm Spring ( Chinese : 暖春 ; pinyin : Nuǎn Chūn ) is a 2003 Chinese film produced by Shanxi Film Studio .
Agneekaal is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film produced by Ranjit Harma on Siddharth Pictures banner and directed by Abbas - Mustan .
Thankakudam is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SS Rajan and produced by .
A Tale of Two Sisters ( Hangul : 장화 , 홍련 ; RR : Janghwa , Hongryeon ; lit . `` Rose Flower , Red Lotus '' ) is a 2003 South Korean psychological horror - drama film written and directed by Kim Jee - woon .
We 're Here to Help is a 2007 Kafkaesque comedy film written and directed by Jonothan Cullinane and produced by South Pacific Pictures .
Last Screening ( French : Dernière séance ) is a 2011 French horror film by Laurent Achard .
Captain Prabhakaran is a 1991 Tamil action film directed by R. K. Selvamani .
Iron Invader ( also known as Iron Golem and Metal Shifters ) is a 2011 science fiction television film directed by Paul Ziller .
An Inconvenient Penguin is a short film , released online in Amazon 's UnBox store on August 11 , 2008 .
Bangali Babu was a 2002 Bengali film directed by Indian film director Anjan Chowdhury .
Red Hot Mamma is a 1934 Fleischer Studios Betty Boop animated short , directed by Dave Fleischer .
Seven Thieves is a 1960 20th Century Fox film noir crime drama motion picture shot in CinemaScope .
My Dearest Son ( Italian : Figlio mio infinitamente caro ) is a 1985 Italian drama film .
Rapture - Palooza ( also known as Ecstasy ) is a 2013 American fantasy - comedy film written by Chris Matheson and directed by Paul Middleditch .
While I Run This Race is a 1967 American short documentary film directed by Edmond Levy about poverty in the United States .
Scrap Heaven ( スクラップ・ヘブン ( Sukurappu Hebun ) ) is a 2005 film , directed by Sang - il Lee .
`` She 'll Take Romance '' ( alternate title : `` I 'll Take Romance '' ) is a 1990 television movie aired on ABC .
The Pleasure Drivers is an American thriller , produced in 2005 and initially released in 2006 .
Noctambulous is a 2011 American horror film starring , written , and directed by Kelvin C. Bias .
Satrangee Parachute is a Hindi - language film released 25 February 2011 .
Prema Ishq Kaadhal is a 2013 Telugu romantic - comedy film directed by Pavan Sadineni .
The Virgin Queen of St. Francis High is a Canadian 1987 high school comedy film about a teen Casanova who bets his high school rival and his friends , that he can score with the school beauty queen .
The Merry Monahans is a 1944 , American , black - and - white film starring Donald O'Connor , Peggy Ryan , and Jack Oakie .
The Boathouse Detectives is a 2010 family film written and directed by Eric Hendershot , and stars Ella Harris , Oscar Hoggan , Mason Johnson , McKenzie Richards , Cameron Phelts , Stacee Rickoff , and Darren Ewing .
Restitution inattendue is an 1902 French comedy film of unknown director .
Vojtech , Called the Orphan ( Czech : Vojtěch , řečený sirotek ) is a 1990 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Zdeněk Tyc .
The Red Kebaya is a 2006 Malaysian period drama film released by Golden Screen Cinemas , directed by Oliver Knott and produced by Andre Berly and Ramli Hassan .
Like Twenty Impossibles ( Ka'inana Ashrun Mustaheel ) is an independent short film written and directed by Annemarie Jacir in 2003 .
Rakthabandham is a 1951 Indian Malayalam film , directed by MR Vittal and produced by NK Karunakaran Pillai .
Hydrofool is an isometric 3D arcade adventure game released by FTL in 1987 for the Sinclair Spectrum and Amstrad CPC .
Venga a bailar el rock is a 1957 Argentine musical film .
House IV is a 1992 direct - to - video comedy horror film .
Secret Agent of Japan ( 1942 ) is the first American anti - Japanese war film produced by a major studio after the attack on Pearl Harbor .
Theodora Goes Wild is a 1936 American romantic comedy film that tells the story of the residents in a small town who are incensed by a risqué novel , unaware that the book was written under a pseudonym by a member of the town 's leading family .
The Woman Eater ( AKA Womaneater on its original UK release ) , is a low budget 1958 black and white British horror film .
Disney 's Fluppy Dogs is a one - hour animated television special which aired on November 27 ( Thanksgiving ) , 1986 on ABC , and was intended to be a pilot for the third Walt Disney Television animated series .
Una palabra tuya ( English : One Word from You ) is a Spanish 2008 movie based on the novel of the same name by Elvira Lindo .
Kaaryasthan ( Malayalam : കാര്യസ്ഥൻ ; English : The Caretaker ) is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film written by the duo Udayakrishna - Siby K. Thomas and directed by debutant Thomson K. Thomas .
Melodrama Habibi ( Arabic:ميلودراما حبيبي , French : Une chanson dans la tête ) , the first feature film by Lebanese director Hany Tamba , is a 2008 Lebanese film .
O Homem do Sputnik is a Brazilian comedy film from 1959 about a man ( played by Oscarito ) who tries to sell a UFO that lands on his house .
Bombs Over Burma ( AKA The Devil 's Sister ) , based on a story by Milton Raison , is a 1943 American war film .
Sharktopus vs. Whalewolf is a television movie that premiered on July 19 , 2015 on Syfy .
The Aviation Cocktail is a 2012 independent American drama film about the entangled lives of three World War II veterans living in the Midwestern United States in the 1950s .
Ade Kannu ( Kannada : ಅದೇ ಕಣ್ಣು ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada - language film directed by Chi .
Shivalinga Sakshi ( Kannada : ಶಿವಲಿಂಗ ಸಾಕ್ಷಿ ) is a 1960 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by D Shankar Singh .
Guns of the Magnificent Seven ( 1969 ) ( also known as The Magnificent Seven 3 ) is a Zapata Western and the second sequel to the 1960 western film , The Magnificent Seven ( itself based on Akira Kurosawa 's Seven Samurai ) .
Tales of Old Japan ( 1871 ) is an anthology of short stories compiled by Algernon Bertram Freeman - Mitford , Lord Redesdale , writing under the better known name of A.B. Mitford .
In Search of the Fourth Chord is the twenty - eighth studio album by English rock band Status Quo , released on 17 September 2007 .
Putevoy obkhodchik ( Russian : Путевой обходчик , meaning Trackman ) is a 2007 Russian film directed by Igor Shavlak .
Kanteerava is a 2011 Kannada - language film directed by Tushara Ranganath and produced by the veteran producer Ramu .
Song of the Flame is a 1930 Pre - Code musical operetta film photographed entirely in Technicolor .
God on My Side is a documentary directed and produced by Australian agnostic Andrew Denton which follows his trip to the 2006 National Religious Broadcasters Convention in Texas .
Zombiez is a 2005 American horror film written and directed by John Bacchus ( as ZWS ) .
Deathrow Gameshow is a 1987 black comedy film in which condemned prisoners are given opportunities to be granted reprieves for their sentences by participating in a television game show .
Gaman ( Hindi : गमन , English : Departure ) is a Bollywood film released in 1978 .
Dress Parade is a 1927 silent romance drama produced by William Sistrom and Cecil B. DeMille and distributed by Pathe .
The Engagement Ring ( Azerbaijani : Bəxt üzüyü ) is a full - length Azerbaijani comedy film released in 1991 .
The Deadly Affair is a 1966 British espionage -- thriller film , based on John le Carré 's first novel Call for the Dead .
Sinful Davey is a 1969 adventure/ crime/ comedy film .
Jailhouse Blues ( 1929 ) is a motion picture released by Columbia Pictures .
Dizzy Dishes is an animated cartoon created by Fleischer Studios in 1930 , as part of the Talkartoon series .
Battleloot Adventure is a fantasy - themed tactical role - playing single - player video game for iOS , Android and Windows Phone devices , published in March 2012 by the Italian developer Digital Tales .
Broadway Melody of 1936 is a musical film released by MGM in 1935 .
It was adapted into a five - part OVA series in 2001 ; a thirteen - episode animated TV series in 2002 ; a sequel TV series , called Happy Lesson Advance , in 2003 ; and a second OVA series , Happy Lesson :
A Toast to Those Who Are Gone is a 1986 compilation album of recordings that Phil Ochs made in the early to mid-1960s , mostly between his contracts with Elektra Records and A&M Records .
Guerreros ( lit . Warriors ) is a 2002 Spanish film about a group of Spanish soldiers and their French allies stationed in the border between Kosovo and Serbia during the KFOR humanitarian deployment of 2001 .
Largo Winch II ( released internationally as The Burma Conspiracy ) is a 2011 French film based on the Belgian comic book Largo Winch .
Miss 139 is a 1921 silent film crime drama produced by A. H. Fischer , Inc. and distributed by Jans Film Service and Sherman Productions Corporation .
The Triangle of Death , directed by Folleh Shar Francis Tamba , is a 2009 documentary about the Iraq War .
Ami , Yasin Ar Amar Madhubala ( English : The Voyeurs ) is a 2007 Indian Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta .
Story of Drunken Master ( Chinese : 醉俠蘇乞兒 ) aka Zui xia Su Qi Er / Drunken Fist Boxing is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film .
She 's Too Young is an American made - for - TV movie released in 2004 , starring Marcia Gay Harden as the mother of a 14-year - old daughter who is involved in sexual acts hidden from her parents .
Gunasagari ( Kannada : ಗುಣಸಾಗರಿ ) is a 1953 Indian Kannada film directed by H.L.N. Simha .
Invasion of the Saucer Men ( aka Invasion of the Hell Creatures , with the working title Spacemen Saturday Night ) , is a 1957 science fiction / horror / comedy film , personally produced by James H. Nicholson for release by his American International Pictures .
The Attorney ( Hangul : 변호인 ; RR : Byeonhoin ) is a 2013 South Korean courtroom drama film directed and co - written by Yang Woo - suk , in his directorial debut ( Yang was previously a film producer and webtoon author ) .
The Fall of Fujimori is a 2005 documentary film about Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori , who fled the country for Japan in 2000 to avoid facing 21 charges of corruption , murder and human rights abuses .
America Screams is a 1990 documentary film about the history of amusement parks and roller coasters , released by Rhino in 1990 .
Nanobba Kalla ( Kannada : ನಾನೊಬ್ಬ ಕಳ್ಳ ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film directed by Dorai - Bhagawan and produced by Rashi Brothers .
Visions of Ecstasy is a 1989 British short film that became the only work to be refused a certification by the British Board of Film Classification ( BBFC ) on the grounds of blasphemy .
Young and Dangerous 5 ( simplified Chinese : 98古惑仔之龙争虎斗 ; traditional Chinese : 98古惑仔之龍爭虎鬥 ) is a 1998 Hong Kong triad film .
The Intel 4004 is a 4-bit central processing unit ( CPU ) released by Intel Corporation in 1971 .
The Fall of Otrar ( Kazakh : Гибел Отрара , Gibel Otrara ) is a 1991 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Ardak Amirkulov .
The Party Processions Act ( 13 & 14 Vict c2 ) was an 1850 Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom which prohibited open marching , organised parades and sectarian meetings in Ireland in order to outlaw provocative movements in the wake of the Dolly 's Brae fighting of 1849 .
Burn ' Em Up Barnes is a 1934 American movie serial distributed by Mascot Pictures .
His Last Gift ( Hangul : 마지막 선물 ; RR : Majimak Seonmul ; also known as Last Present ) is a 2008 South Korean film .
The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a 2005 documentary film about the noted American musician Daniel Johnston .
Dhanam ( Malayalam : ധനം ) is a Malayalam suspense thriller film released in 1991 .
Legend of Sudsakorn ( Thai : สุดสาคร ) is a 2006 Thai fantasy film .
Color Lines ( aka Lines ) is a computer puzzle game , invented by Oleg Demin and first introduced as a video game by the Russian company Gamos ( Russian : Геймос ) in 1992 .
Sword in the Moon ( Hangul : 청풍명월 ; hanja : 淸風明月 ; RR : Cheongpung myeongwol ) is a 2003 South Korean action - adventure film .
Judy 's Little No - No ( also released as Let 's Do It ) is a 1969 crime film about an go - go dancer who is targeted by gangsters after coming into possession of a priceless jewel .
Um Show de Verão ( English : A Summer Show ) is a 2004 Brazilian comedy film directed by pt :
Zindagi 50 - 50 is a 2013 Bollywood film which is directed by Rajiv S Ruia .
Kazhakam is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by MP Sukumaran Nair and starring Nedumudi Venu and Urvashi in the lead roles .
The Good Witch 's Destiny is a 2013 Canadian family film and Hallmark Channel original movie written by Annie Frisbie and directed by Craig Pryce .
The End of the Tour is a 2015 American drama film about writer David Foster Wallace .
Swamp Gas Visits the United States of America is a computer game developed by Inline Design in 1990 for the Macintosh .
To exypno pouli ( Greek : Το έξυπνο πουλί , `` the clever bird '' ) is a 1961 Greek film .
Cupid Angling ( 1918 ) is a silent film , only feature film photographed in Douglass Natural Color process .
The Fallbrook Story ( 1952 ) is a short subject film that told the story of a water rights battle between the citizens of the Fallbrook , California area and the federal government .
Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam ( The Man Who Saved the World ) is a 1982 Turkish adventure film also known as Turkish Star Wars because of its notorious use of unauthorized footage from Star Wars and other movies worked into the film .
L'Odissea was an Italian TV miniseries broadcast on RAI ( Italian state TV ) in 1968 and based on Homer 's Odyssey .
Death Tank is a 1996 2D multiplayer versus shooter developed by Ezra Dreisbach of Lobotomy Software .
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is a 2010 English - language Spanish--
Lion Around is a 1950 Donald Duck cartoon featuring Donald Duck , his nephews Huey , Dewey , and Louie , and Louie the Mountain Lion .
Mazdoor ( English : Worker ) is a 1983 Hindi film .
The Time of Their Lives is a 1946 American film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello .
Scarfies ( or Crime 101 in the US release ) is a low - budget 1999 New Zealand film set in the southern university city of Dunedin .
The Cyclopedia of New Zealand : industrial , descriptive , historical , biographical facts , figures , illustrations was an encyclopaedia published in New Zealand between 1897 and 1908 by the Cyclopedia Company Ltd of Christchurch .
Happy Face Murders is a 1999 made - for - TV movie based on a real story .
Desperacja is a Polish historical film , released in 1988 .
Fog Warning is a 2008 independent physiological thriller horror film written and directed by Christopher Ward in New Haven , Connecticut .
Life at the Zoo is a 1946 Soviet short documentary film .
Runaway Railway is a 1965 British family adventure film directed by Jan Darnley - Smith and starring John Moulder - Brown , Kevin Bennett , Ronnie Barker and Graham Stark .
The Teddy Bear Master is a 2006 American film produced by a group of High School students which depicts a teacher being harassed by teddy bears during class , then later being killed by them , after he humiliates a student .
Dream Riders is a 2008 American documentary film that shows a father 's attempt to mend a broken relationship with his son .
Knight Orc is a standard text adventure with limited graphics on some platforms game by Level 9 released in 1987 .
Empire of Ash ( also known as Empire of Ash II ) is a post - apocalyptic science fiction movie from 1988 .
Feriado ( English : Holiday ) is a 2014 Ecuadorian coming - of - age drama , written and directed by Diego Araujo .
Chakrapani is a Telugu film produced by Bharani Pictures in 1954 .
Where Are My Children ? is a 1916 film in which a district attorney , while prosecuting a doctor for illegal abortions , finds out that society people , including his wife , used the doctor 's services .
The Safety of Objects is a 2001 American drama film based upon a collection of short stories of the same name written by A. M. Homes and published in 1990 .
Kazakh Soviet Encyclopedia was printed in 12 volumes in Almaty from 1972 to 1978 .
Namumkin is a Bollywood mystery film released in 1988 , telling the story of an Asian family exiled from Idi Amin 's Uganda .
The Sheriff is a 1918 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle .
The Marriage Maker is a lost 1923 American silent fantasy film produced by Famous Players - Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Naane Bhagyavati ( Kannada : ನಾನೇ ಭಾಗ್ಯವತಿ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed by T V Singh Thakur and produced by M Sampath .
Friends and Romans is a 2014 American independent comedy film written and directed by Christopher Kublan and starring Michael Rispoli , Annabella Sciorra , Paul Ben - Victor and Tony Sirico .
O Filme dos Espíritos is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Michel Dubret and André Marouço , based on the book The Spirits Book by Allan Kardec .
Poor Cinderella is a 1934 Fleischer Studio animated short film featuring Betty Boop .
The Stealth is a 2008 3D animation short film produced by WaterMelon Studios .
The documentary aired in the UK in March 2005 under the title Search for the Northwest Passage , and in February 2006 in the U. S. under a two - part title , Arctic Passage :
The Promising Boy ( Serbo - Croatian : Dečko koji obećava ) is a 1981 Yugoslav youth genre film .
The Hillz is a 2004 film written and directed by Saran Barnun and starring Rene Heger , Jesse Woodrow , and Paris Hilton .
Save Virgil is a short independent film by Brad Ableson that mixes live action with animation , released on March 3 , 2004 .
The Birthday Dragon is a 1992 American television animated film .
Hammerfist is a side - scrolling beat 'em up video game developed by Vivid Image and released in 1990 for the Commodore Amiga , Atari ST , Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum .
Forgetting June is a 2013 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Ikechukwu Onyeka , starring Majid Michel , Beverly Naya , and Mbong Amata .
The Aqua Diary is a 1998 music documentary film starring the members of the Danish dance music group Aqua .
Justice Viswanathan is a 1971 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by G. R. Nathan starring Ravichandran , Major Sundarrajan . The movie is a remake of 1969 Hindi movie Do Bhai(1969 ) starring Ashok Kumar and Jeetendra .
Samyuktha ( Kannada : ಸಂಯುಕ್ತ ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada romance film directed by K. N. Chandrashekar Sharma .
The Exploits of Elaine is a 1914 American film serial in the damsel in distress genre of The Perils of Pauline ( 1914 ) .
Hungry for Monsters is a 2003 documentary by George Paul Csicsery ( b , 1948 ) about false memory , focussing on Nicole Althaus ' disproved allegations of sexual abuse against her father , made when she was 15 years old .
You 'll Get Over It ( French : À cause d'un garçon ) is a gay - themed coming of age film released in 2002 .
Boogeyman 3 is a 2008 American horror and the third installment of the Boogeyman film series , released in 2009 , following Boogeyman and Boogeyman 2 .
Anthiveyilile Ponnu ( English : The Gold in the Dusk ) is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Radhakrishnan ( RK ) and produced by Panchami Enterprises .
Ladies Courageous ( also called Fury in the Sky in a 1950 Realart re - release ) is a 1944 aviation film based on the novel Looking For Trouble ( 1941 ) by Virginia Spencer Cowles .
Mavana Magalu ( Kannada : ಮಾವನ ಮಗಳು ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film , directed by S K A Chari and produced by A V Subba Rao .
No me defiendas compadre ( `` Do n't defend me , friend '' ) is a 1949 Mexican film .
The Master Mystery is a 1919 American mystery silent serial film told in 15 installments .
Relative Merits is a 1987 mini series about three months in the life of a radio journalist .
Ocean 's Twelve is a 2004 American comedy heist film , the first sequel to 2001 's Ocean 's Eleven .
Rob Roy , the Highland Rogue is a 1953 British - American action film , made by Walt Disney Productions .
The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros ( Filipino : Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros ) is a 2005 Filipino coming - of - age film about a gay teen who is torn between his love for a young cop and his loyalty to his family .
Bugsy and Mugsy is a 1957 American animated short film written by Warren Foster and directed by Friz Freleng in the Looney Tunes series produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons , Inc. The film 's plot features Bugs Bunny with Rocky and Mugsy .
Brian Lara 2007 Pressure Play ( BLPP ) is a PlayStation Portable game that was released on 31 August 2007 .
Swarag Se Sunder ( English : Beautiful than Heaven ) is a 1986 Hindi - language Indian feature film produced by A. Krishna Murthy on Tinu International Films banner , directed by K. Bapaiah .
Those Awful Hats is a 1909 American short comedy film directed by D.W. Griffith .
The Fiend Who Walked the West is a 1958 Western based on the 1947 film noir Kiss of Death .
Paalai is a 2011 period film written and directed by Senthamizhan , who had previously assisted director Ram in Katradhu Thamizh .
The Fall of the Essex Boys is a 2013 British gangster thriller film based on the true story of the Rettendon murders in 1995 .
A Crush on You is a 2011 Hallmark Channel original movie that tells the story of Charley Anderson , a single mother , and Ben Martin , a man who began an e - mail relationship with her , thinking she was another woman .
John Elway 's Quarterback , also known as John Elway 's Quarterback Challenge and John Elway 's Team Quarterback , is a 1987 football video game .
Kundakka Mandakka is an Indian Tamil comedy film released in 2005 , produced by SG Films .
Alibhabha is a 2008 Tamil film produced by Pattiyal Sekhar , Krishna Sekhar 's father and directed by Neelan . K.Sekar .
L'homme voilé ( also known as The Veiled Man ) is a 1987 Lebanese - French drama film written and directed by Maroun Bagdadi .
Plague Town is a 2008 American horror film directed by David Gregory and written by David Gregory and John Cregan .
Kristina från Vilhelmina is a song written by Rune Wallebom , and originally recorded by Sven - Ingvars and released as a single in March 1966 .
On 1 January 1972 Music for Pleasure released an abridged LP record of the soundtrack of Dougal and the Blue Cat in Stereo ( MFP50017)- ( the original mono soundtrack was electronically enhanced for stereo effect ) credits :
Porky in Egypt is a 1938 cartoon in the Looney Tunes series that stars Porky Pig .
Lace Crater is a 2015 American comedy film written and directed by Harrison Atkins , the film marks his first feature full - length film .
Kolya ( Czech : Kolja ) is a 1996 Czech drama film about a man whose life is reshaped in an unexpected way .
Aashachakram is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Dr Seetharamaswamy .
Hired Guns is a role - playing video game produced by DMA Design ( distributed by Psygnosis ) for the Amiga and the PC in 1993 .
Aag Se Khelenge ( English : Playing with Fire ) is a 1989 Indian Bollywood Action film produced by Pravesh Sippy on N.N. Sippy Productions banner and directed by Bhaskar Shetty .
The Very Best of Diana Krall is the tenth album by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall , released in 2007 through Verve Records .
The Yale Journal of Criticism was an academic journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which covered all humanities disciplines .
Tornado Outbreak ( formerly known as Zephyr : Rise of the Elementals ) is an action video game published by Konami and developed by Loose Cannon Studios for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and the Wii .
Rolo to the Rescue is a video game produced by Electronic Arts for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis , released in 1992 .
Talisman of Death is a single - player role - playing gamebook written by Jamie Thomson and Mark Smith , illustrated by Bob Harvey and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books .
Dear Life is a short story collection by Canadian writer Alice Munro , published in 2012 by McClelland and Stewart .
In Cold Blood was first published in book form by Random House in January 1966 .
DNA and Cell Biology is a scientific journal published by Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. , and covers topics related to DNA and cell biology , such as :
Optics Express is a peer - reviewed , scientific journal published by the The Optical Society .
The UCLA Law Review ( Bluebook abbreviation : UCLA L. Rev. ) is a bimonthly law review established in 1953 and published by students of the UCLA School of Law , where it also sponsors an annual symposium .
Car Tycoon is a business simulation game that was released on January 5 , 2003 by Fishtank Interactive .
Legacy of Blood is the fourth album from hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks , released in August 2004 on Babygrande Records .
Secret Passion is the seventh studio album by French singer Amanda Lear , released by Carrere Records in 1986 .
Keep Your Head Down is the fifth Korean studio album ( ninth overall ) by South Korean pop duo TVXQ , released on January 5 , 2011 by S.M. Entertainment .
Soon after his return to the United States , Campbell went to Al Coury 's office at Capitol Records , where he was approached about `` a great new song '' -- `` Rhinestone Cowboy . ''
`` Tell Me Why ( The Riddle ) '' ( Vandit Mix ) - 7:49 `` Tell Me Why ( The Riddle ) '' ( Club Mix ) - 4:52 `` Tell Me Why ( The Riddle ) '' ( Original Mix ) - 6:51
A Flash Flood of Colour is the third studio album by English rock band Enter Shikari , and was produced by Dan Weller .
Vulgar Display of Power is the sixth studio album by the American heavy metal band Pantera , released on February 25 , 1992 through Atco Records .
The German record label , Defiance Records , released a double LP set with both Split the Country , Split the Street and Kevin 's previous album , Make the Clocks Move .
Sonny Rollins , Vol . 2 is a jazz album by Sonny Rollins , released in 1957 on Blue Note Records , catalogue 1558 .
Posthaste is the second studio album by the band OHMphrey , released on April 10 , 2012 through Magna Carta Records .
`` Expo 2068 '' is the 25th episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons It was first broadcast in the UK on 26 March 1968 on ATV Midlands , was written by Shane Rimmer and directed by Leo Eaton .
The Singer of All Songs is the first novel in the Chanters of Tremaris trilogy by Kate Constable .
The Citroën C4 is a compact car ( C - segment in Europe ) produced by French automaker Citroën since autumn 2004 .
`` The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons '' is the seventh episode of The Simpsons ' ninth season , that originally aired on November 16 , 1997 .
Atlantis Mystery ( l'Énigme de l'Atlantide ) by the Belgian artist Edgar P. Jacobs was the seventh comic book in the Blake and Mortimer series , first published in Tintin magazine from March 30 , 1955 to May 30 , 1956 .
`` These Are the Voyages ... '' is the series finale of the UPN American science fiction television show Star Trek : Enterprise .
WRC 3 is a racing video game developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment in 2003 as a part of the World Rally Championship series .
`` E. Peterbus Unum '' is the 18th episode from the second season of the FOX animated series Family Guy .
The Peace Keepers , known in Japan as Rushing Beat Syura ( ラッシング・ビート修羅 Rasshingu Bīto Shura ) is a beat 'em up video game released for the Super Nintendo in 1993 .
Kiss the Girls is a psychological thriller novel by American writer James Patterson , the second to star his recurring main character Alex Cross , an African - American psychologist and policeman .
The Cleopatra Curse is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts which is the seventh and final novel in The Seven Fabulous Wonders series and the sequel to The Colossus Crisis .
La Peau de chagrin belongs to the Études philosophiques group of Balzac 's sequence of novels , La Comédie humaine .
Mascot Madness ! is the third book of the Schooling Around series by Andy Griffiths .
`` The Bishop Revival '' is the 14th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe .
`` The Ziff Who Came to Dinner '' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons ' fifteenth season , the third of five episodes written by Simpsons voice actor Dan Castellaneta and his wife , Deb Lacusta and was rated PG in the United States & Ireland , and 12 in the United Kingdom .
`` The New Rachel '' is the premiere episode of the fourth season of the American musical television series Glee , and the sixty - seventh episode overall .
Virtual Light is the first book in William Gibson 's Bridge trilogy .
Getting the Bird is the fourth episode of the fifth series of the British television situation comedy Dad 's Army and was originally transmitted on 27 October 1972 .
Back in the Red is a three - part episode of science fiction sit - com Red Dwarf Series VIII . Part I was first broadcast on the British television channel BBC2 on 18 February 1999 while Parts II and III were broadcast on 25 February and 4 March respectively .
Isle of View is the thirteenth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony .
`` The Ten Commandments Killer '' is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the anthology television series American Horror Story .
`` The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show '' is the fourteenth episode of the eighth season of the animated television sitcom The Simpsons , which originally aired on the Fox network on February 9 , 1997 .
Uath , Old Irish Úath , hÚath ( IPA : ( wəθ ) ) , is the sixth letter of the Ogham alphabet , ᚆ , transcribed ⟨ʜ⟩ in manuscript tradition , but unattested in actual inscriptions .
`` Law & Disorder '' is the 15th episode of the third season of the American police drama television series Homicide : Life on the Street .
Hiawatha 's Rabbit Hunt is a Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series , starring Bugs Bunny and Hiawatha , first released on June 7 , 1941 .
`` Tooth and Consequences '' is the third and final segment of the sixteenth episode from the first season ( 1985 - -86 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
Books Do Furnish a Room is a novel by Anthony Powell , the tenth in the sequence of twelve comprising his masterpiece , A Dance to the Music of Time .
`` Fatal Extraction '' is the twelfth Christmas special episode of the BBC sitcom , Only Fools and Horses , first broadcast on 25 December 1993 .
The Sable Quean is the 21st novel in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques , and the last to be published before his death on February 5 , 2011 ( a twenty - second novel , The Rogue Crew , was released in May 2011 ) .
`` Wild Barts Ca n't Be Broken '' is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons ' tenth season , which was originally broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on January 17 , 1999 .
`` Five - Twenty - Ten '' is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the American Fox science - fiction / drama television series Fringe , and the show 's 94th episode overall .
A Princess of Mars is a science fantasy novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs , the first of his Barsoom series .
`` Voyager 's Return '' is the sixth episode of the first series of Space : 1999 , with a screenplay written by Johnny Byrne from an idea by Joe Gannon , and was first screened on 9 October 1975 in the UK , and 21 November 1975 in the United States .
`` Eagles & Angels '' is the 61st episode of the American television series Prison Break and was broadcast on September 15 , 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network .
`` Belle Femme '' is the ninth episode of the first season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire , which originally aired on November 14 , 2010 .
Street Magic is the second book in the quartet The Circle Opens by fantasy author Tamora Pierce .
Devices and Desires is a 1989 detective novel in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James .
`` Everybody 's Favorite Bagman '' is the sixth episode of the police procedural and legal drama Law & Order .
`` Saving Private Brian '' is the fourth episode of season five of Family Guy , an episode produced for Season 5 .
`` Rm w / a Vu '' ( Room with a View ) is episode 5 of season 1 in the television show Angel .
`` Valar Dohaeris '' is the third season premiere of the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 21st episode of the series .
The Matarese Countdown is an espionage thriller novel by Robert Ludlum .
`` There 's No Place Like Plrtz Glrb '' is episode 22 of season two of the television show Angel , originally broadcast on the WB network .
The Legend of the Emerald Lady is a book in the Nancy Drew mystery series by Carolyn Keene .
`` The One Where Rachel Smokes '' is the eighteenth episode of the fifth season of Friends and 115th overall .
One Life , Furnished in Early Poverty is the second segment of the eleventh episode from the first season ( 1985 - 1986 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
The Goblin Tower is a fantasy novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp , the first book of both his Novarian series and the `` Reluctant King '' trilogy featuring King Jorian of Xylar .
The Dark Hills Divide is a children 's fantasy and mystery novel by Patrick Carman , the first book in The Land of Elyon series .
Le Contrat de mariage ( English : A Marriage Contract or A Marriage Settlement ) is an 1835 novel by French author Honoré de Balzac ( 1799 - 1850 ) and included in the Scènes de la vie privée section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine .
`` Terror in New York City '' is the fourth episode of the first series of Thunderbirds , a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co - created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson .
`` Barting Over '' is the eleventh episode of the fourteenth season of The Simpsons , advertised by Fox , and indicated on - screen to be the 300th episode of the show ( even though in broadcast order , it is the 302nd episode , as noted by Marge to Lisa in the episode proper ) .
Four to Doomsday is the second serial of the 19th season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in four twice - weekly parts from 18 - -26 January 1982 .
`` Sunday , Cruddy Sunday '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons ' tenth season .
Rude Removal is a cartoon segment originally produced for the animated television series Dexter 's Laboratory for Cartoon Network .
The Far Side of the World is the tenth historical novel in the Aubrey - Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian , first published in 1984 .
`` Something 's Up There '' is the seventh episode of the first season of the situation comedy Back to You .
`` The Catwalk '' is the thirty - eighth episode ( production # 212 ) of the television series Star Trek : Enterprise , the twelfth of the second season .
`` The Jem'Hadar '' is the 26th and final episode in the second season of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the 46th episode overall .
The Third Kingdom is the thirteenth novel in Terry Goodkind 's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth , continuing the story arc started in the The Omen Machine .
`` The Death of Eric Cartman '' is the sixth episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park .
`` The Great Louse Detective '' is the sixth episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television sitcom The Simpsons .
`` One Moment of Humanity '' is the third episode of the second series of Space : 1999 ( and the twenty - seventh overall episode of the programme ) .
`` And the Wiener Is ... '' is the fifth episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , the last episode produced for Season 2 .
`` The Postponement '' is the 112th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld , and the second episode of the seventh season .
`` The Great Simpsina '' is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' ​ twenty - second season .
Bond Girls Are Forever is a 2002 James Bond documentary film hosted by actress Maryam d'Abo , who had played the role of Kara Milovy in the 15th James Bond film The Living Daylights .
`` Farhampton '' is the premiere episode of the eighth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , and 161st overall .
Chainfire is the ninth book in Terry Goodkind 's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth , and the first in a trilogy .
Sea of Swords is the third and final book in R.A. Salvatore 's book series , Paths of Darkness .
Hospital Station is a 1962 science fiction book by author James White and is the first volume in the Sector General series .
`` Q Who '' is the 16th episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation .
`` City on the Edge of Forever '' ( also known as `` Flashbacks '' ) is the seventh episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park , and the 20th episode of the series overall .
`` The Woman King '' is the fourteenth episode of the third season from the science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica .
Le Juge is a Lucky Luke comic written by Goscinny and Morris .
Drakas ! is an anthology in S.M. Stirling 's alternate history series , The Domination .
`` The Old Man in the Cave '' is a half - hour episode of the original version of The Twilight Zone .
Bohumil Váňa ( 17 January 1920 - 4 November 1989 ) was a male table tennis player from Czechoslovakia .
Wang Zhouzhou ( 王舟舟 , born 20 April 1977 ) is a male high jumper from PR China .
Martyna Synoradzka ( born January 30 , 1988 in Poznań ) is a Polish female fencer .
Luo Wei ( simplified Chinese : 罗微 ; traditional Chinese : 羅微 ; pinyin : Luó Wēi ; born May 23 , 1983 in Beijing ) is a female Chinese taekwondo practitioner who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Dell O'Dell was the stage name of Odella Newton ( 20 October 1897 - 5 February 1962 ) an American magician regarded in her profession as a pioneer who provided a role model for modern female performers .
Tim Wilkison ( born November 23 , 1959 in Shelby , North Carolina , U.S. ) is a former professional male tennis player from the United States .
Minna Salmela ( born May 3 , 1971 in Oulu ) is a retired female freestyle sprint swimmer from Finland .
Vera Thomas , also known as Vera Thomas - Dace , is a former female table tennis and tennis player from England who was a member of the winning doubles team in the 1948 World Table Tennis Championships .
Thea Austin is an American female dance / house singer / songwriter / composer from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Ji Jianhua ( Chinese : 姬建华 ; born January 29 , 1982 in Xinjiang ) is a male Chinese Olympic cyclist , who has competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Candice Night ( born May 8 , 1971 ) is an American vocalist / lyricist , multi - instrumentalist for the traditional folk rock project Blackmore 's Night since its origins in 1997 , and wife of British guitarist Ritchie Blackmore .
Anna Murray - Douglass ( 1813 -- August 4 , 1882 ) was an American abolitionist , member of the Underground Railroad , and the first wife of American social reformer and statesman Frederick Douglass , from 1838 to her death .
Regina Carrol ( May 2 , 1943 -- November 4 , 1992 ) was an American performer , born as Regina Carol Gelfan , mostly remembered for her roles in films directed by her husband , Al Adamson .
Xie Daoqing ( 謝道清 ; 1210 -- 1283 ) was a Chinese Empress consort of the Song Dynasty , married to Emperor Lizong of Song .
Ethelinde of Northeim ( b.1050/60 , died after 1075 ) was the daughter of Otto of Northeim and the wife of Welf I , Duke of Bavaria , and Herman of Calvelage .
Maria of Antioch ( 1145 - -1182 ) was a Byzantine empress as the wife of the Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos .
Harry Towb was married to the actress Diana Hoddinott for 44 years until his death .
János Áder is married to Anita Herczegh , who works as a judge .
Oda Krohg , née Othilia Pauline Christine Lasson ( 11 June 1860 -- 19 October 1935 ) was a Norwegian painter , and the wife of her teacher and colleague Christian Krohg .
Ghias ad - din ( fl . 1206 - -1226 ) was a member of the Seljuq dynasty of Rum and husband of Queen Rusudan of Georgia from c. 1223 to 1226 .
Murong Chui 's wife Princess Duan , because her clan was an honored one -- being previously on equal standing as the Murongs , with the title of Duke of Liaoxi -- was not respectful of Murong Jun 's wife Empress Kezuhun .
Diana Bachmann ( b. 1940s ) was a British writer of 6 historical novels from 1985 to 1998 , she also wrote 11 thriller novels under the penname Max Marlow in collaboration with the prolific writer Christopher Nicole , her husband since 8 May 1982 .
Ridley Scott was married to Felicity Heywood from 1964 to 1975 .
Carole Hyatt is married to television producer Gordon Hyatt whom she met while they were both working at CBS in New York City .
However , in 431 , Feng Hong created Lady Murong princess instead , and in 432 , he created Princess Murong 's son Feng Wangren ( 馮王仁 ) crown prince .
Tarab Abdul Hadi was the wife of Awni Abd al - Hadi , who was himself active in politics and went on to become a prominent member of the Istiqlal party .
There Éowyn met Faramir , with whom she soon fell in love .
Sohrab Modi was married to Mehtab Modi , an actress born into an aristocratic Muslim family from Gujarat , who began her career in his movie Parakh .
On 9 February 1997 Bruno Mégret 's wife , Catherine Mégret , was elected mayor of Vitrolles .
In Norse mythology , Naglfari is the father of Auðr by the personified night , Nótt .
Jyothika married co - actor Suriya in September 2006 after being engaged in a relationship for several years .
In Roman mythology , Lavinia ( /ləˈvɪniə/ ; Latin : Lāuīnĭa ( laːˈwiːnia ) ) is the daughter of Latinus and Amata and the last wife of Aeneas .
On May 31 , 1894 , Joe Keaton eloped with Myra Edith Cutler , who became known as Myra Keaton .
Ramarajan fell in love with actress Nalini and they got married in 1987 .
Jane Henson ( née Nebel ; June 16 , 1934 --April 2 , 2013 ) was an American puppeteer and the wife ( later widow ) of puppeteer Jim Henson .
His judgment was correct , and with his wife Princess Lan 's , and her mother Lady Yi 's intercession , Murong Sheng was spared , despite repeated requests by Lan Han 's brothers Lan Ti ( 蘭堤 ) and Lan Jia'nan to have Murong Sheng killed .
Peter Holm ( born Peter Sjöholm ; 13 June 1947 ) is a former pop singer and Swedish playboy who was married to actress Joan Collins between November 1985 and August 1987 .
Joan , Lady of Wales and Lady of Snowdon , also known by her Welsh name of Siwan , ( c. 1191 -- 2 February 1237 ) was the wife of Llywelyn the Great , Prince of Wales and Gwynedd , effective ruler of most of Wales .
Nontsikelelo Albertina Sisulu ( 21 October 1918 -- 2 June 2011 ) was a South African anti -- apartheid activist , and the wife of fellow activist Walter Sisulu ( 1912 - -2003 ) .
Rose Kaufman ( née Fisher ; March 30 , 1939 -- December 7 , 2009 ) co - wrote the screenplays of The Wanderers ( 1979 ) and Henry & June ( 1990 ) with her husband , writer - director Philip Kaufman .
Katalin Bánffy de Alsólindva ( pronounced ( ˈkɒtɒlin ˈbaːnfi ) ) was a 16th - century Hungarian noblewoman , the wife of general and politician Ferenc Batthyány .
Pasion had two sons with his wife Archippe :
In 1801 , Ebba Modée married the courtier general lieutenant count Axel Otto Mörner , with whom she had long been in love , and because of their poverty , Hedwig Elizabeth Charlotte appointed her lady in waiting .
Gauthildr Algautsdóttir ( Swedish : Göthild Algotsdotter ) ( 7th century ) was , according to the Heimskringla , the daughter of the Geatish king Algaut and the wife of Ingjald Ill - ruler , a semi - legendary king of Sweden .
Volker Zotz is married to the Austrian writer and anthropologist Birgit Zotz .
Anna Benson ( born February 12 , 1976 ) is an American model , former stripper , and ex - wife of former Major League Baseball pitcher Kris Benson .
Gawn Grainger ( born 12 October 1937 ) is a British stage and screen actor , and husband of actress Zoë Wanamaker .
Catherine of Aragon ( Castilian : Catalina ; also spelled Katherine , 16 December 1485 -- 7 January 1536 ) was the Queen of England from June 1509 until May 1533 as the first wife of King Henry VIII ; she was previously Princess of Wales as the wife of his elder brother Arthur .
Kirsty Bertarelli ( born Kirsty Roper ) is a songwriter , former Miss UK and wife of Ernesto Bertarelli , a Swiss businessman who was the owner of biotech giant Serono until 2007 and winner of the America 's Cup in 2003 and 2007 with his yachting syndicate Alinghi .
Bu Xiangzhi is married to WGM Huang Qian .
Anna Vasilchikova ( Анна Васильчикова ) was Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and was the fifth wife of Ivan the Terrible .
Jo Benkow married twice , his second marriage was with fellow politician Annelise Høegh .
Margot Ebert was married to the actor Wilfried Ortmann until he died in 1994 .
His third marriage was to Deianira , for whom he had to fight the river god Achelous ( upon Achelous ' death , Heracles removed one of his horns and gave it to some nymphs who turned it into the cornucopia . )
Tephrodornis is a bird genus in the family Tephrodornithidae , commonly known as the woodshrikes .
Cyrtanthus is a genus of perennial , herbaceous and bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
Stagmomantis limbata , common name bordered mantis or Arizona mantis , is a species of praying mantis native to North America .
Aphanipathes is a genus of black coral from the family Aphanipathidae .
Rankinian is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Santonian to the Campanian .
Trichoglossus is a genus of lorikeet in the Psittaculidae or true parrot superfamily .
The Espíritu Santo antelope squirrel ( Ammospermophilus insularis ) is a species of antelope squirrel in the family Sciuridae .
Doto coronata is a species of small sea slug or nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dotidae .
Ancylomenes is a genus of shrimp , erected in 2010 to accommodate the group of species around `` Periclimenes aesopius '' ( now Ancylomenes aesopius ) .
Hippasteria phrygiana is a sea star species , member of the Goniasteridae family .
Peltandra primaeva is an extinct species of monocot in the Araceae family known from a Ypresian age Eocene fossil found in western North Dakota , USA .
Piesmatidae is a small family of true bugs , commonly called ash - grey leaf bugs .
Heterotheca rutteri , called the Huachuca goldenaster or Rutter 's false goldenaster , is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the aster family .
The petaltails of the family Petaluridae are apparently the most ancient of the extant true dragonflies ( infraorder Anisoptera ) , having fossil members from as early as the Jurassic ( over 150 million years ago ) .
Apera is a small genus of annual grasses , known commonly as silkybent grass or windgrass .
Sesamothamnus lugardii ( Transvaal sesame - bush , sesambos ) is a species of plant in family Pedaliaceae , endemic to southern Namibia , eastern Botswana , southern Zimbabwe , and Kruger National Park in the Transvaal .
Caulanthus pilosus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names hairy wild cabbage and chocolate drops .
Schismatorhynchos is a genus of cyprinid fish found in Asia .
Silaum silaus was one of the many species described by Carl Linnaeus in Volume I of the 1753 edition of his Species Plantarum as Peucedanum silaus .
Spinyfins are a family , Diretmidae , of beryciform fishes .
Phyllonemus is a genus of claroteid catfish native to Africa where it is only found in Lake Tanganyika .
Zonosaurus boettgeri is a species of lizard endemic to northern Madagascar , including Nosy Be .
Chicoreus banksii , common name the Banks ' murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Dynoides elegans is a species of isopod crustacean in the genus Dynoides .
Therizinosaurus ( /ˌθɛrɪˌzɪnoʊˈsɔːrəs/ ; ' scythe lizard ' , from the Greek therizo meaning ' to reap ' or ' to cut off ' and sauros meaning ' lizard ' ) is a genus of very large theropod dinosaurs .
Distocambarus is a genus of freshwater crayfish endemic to the United States .
Pararasbora moltrechti , Moltrecht 's minnow , is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Taiwan .
Schoenoplectus hallii is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name Hall 's bulrush .
Rhinella ( Beaked Toads or Rio Viejo Toads ) is a subgenus of Bufo ( treated by some as a distinct genus ) containing 71 species of true toads native to Neotropical Central and South America .
Parabrotula is a genus of false brotulas .
Tima formosa is a colonial species of marine hydrozoa in the family Conica .
Mystus albolineatus ( known locally as trey kanchos bay ) is a species of catfish endemic to Cambodia , Thailand and Vietnam , known from Chao Phraya River , Bang Pakong River , Mekong River and Tonlé Sap .
Eurocephalus is a small genus of passerine birds in the shrike family .
Pavlovia is an extinct genus of ammonite of the Late Jurassic to Late Cretaceous ( age range : 150.8 to 99.7 Ma ) .
Amanita pachycolea , commonly known as the western grisette , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae .
Like a number of other related cormorant species , the Cape cormorant is placed by some authorities ( e.g. Johnsgaard ) in the genus Leucocarbo .
Acaiu spinosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Acaiu .
Hypodynerus is a South American , primarily Andean , genus of potter wasps with most of its described species inhabiting Chile .
Gandakasia is an extinct genus of ambulocetid from Pakistan , that lived in the Eocene epoch .
Hypuronector is a genus of extinct reptile from the Triassic Period that lived in what is now New Jersey .
Yoshinagella japonica is a fungus and the type species in the genus Yoshinagella .
Muricopsis matildae is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails .
Gagata cenia is a species of sisorid catfish found in the Ganges Delta and the Indus River .
Lythrum alatum , commonly known as winged loosestrife , winged lythrum or ( in Britain and Ireland ) angled purple - loosestrife , is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Lythraceae .
Cleistesiopsis divaricata is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the eastern United States from New Jersey to Florida .
Sipunculidea is a class of marine peanut worms .
Struthideidae is a family of passerine birds known as the Australian mudnesters .
Callistele calliston , common name the beautiiful top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae ( unassigned to a subfamily ) .
Corriebaatar is the type and only genus of Corriebaataridae , a family of multituberculate mammals .
Hypoptopoma spectabile is a species of armoured catfish native to the Amazon and Orinoco river basins in Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela .
Dichelostemma ida - maia is a species of flowering plant known as firecracker flower .
Magnolia grandiflora was one of the many species first described by Linnaeus in his Systema Naturae in 1759 , basing his description on the earlier notes of Miller .
Diplocynodon is an extinct genus of alligatoroid that lived during the Paleocene to middle Miocene 49 million years ago in Europe .
Braemia vittata is a species of orchid and the only species of genus Braemia .
Scalidiopsis youngi is a species of beetles in the family Passandridae , and the only species in the genus Scalidiopsis .
Phragmipedium vittatum is a species of orchid endemic to west - central and southeastern Brazil .
Puperita pupa is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae , the nerites .
Eutricha capensis , the Cape lappet moth , is a species of moth in the family Lasiocampidae primarily found in South Africa .
Acanthopleuribacter is a genus in the phylum Acidobacteria ( bacteria ) .
Aquilegia caerulea is a species of Aquilegia flower native to the Rocky Mountains from Montana south to New Mexico and west to Idaho and Arizona .
Thomasia is a genus of plants which are native to southern Australia .
Phytophthora quercina is a papillate homothallic soil - borne plant pathogen causing root rot of oak tree species in Europe .
Euscorpius is a genus of scorpions , commonly called small wood - scorpions .
Formosibittacus is an extinct genus of hangingfly in the family Bittacidae and containing a single species Formosibittacus macularis .
Neithea is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusks that lived from the Early Jurassic to the early Paleocene , with a worldwide distribution .
Mycetophagus punctatus , sometimes called the hairy fungus beetle , is a species of fungus beetle .
Bannapone mulanae is a species of ant of the genus Bannapone , described in by Xu in 2000 .
Tetilla is a plant genus of the Melianthaceae family .
Lepidobatrachus llanensis ( common name : llanos frog ; in Spanish : escuerzo ) is a species of frog in the Ceratophryidae family .
Wolffia arrhiza is a species of flowering plant known by the common names spotless watermeal and rootless duckweed , belonging to the Araceae , a family rich in water - loving species , such as Arum and Pistia .
Sayella fusca , common name the brown sayella , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Carpobrotus glaucescens , commonly known as angular sea - fig or pigface , is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family .
Plectorhinchus picus , the painted sweetlips , is a species of grunt native to coral reefs of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean at depths of 3 to 50 m ( 9.8 to 164.0 ft ) .
Neacomys paracou , also known as the Paracou neacomys or Paracou bristly mouse , is a rodent species from South America in the genus Neacomys .
Sterculia schliebenii is a species of plant in the Sterculiaceae family .
Neanis is an extinct genus of bird probably related to woodpeckers and toucans .
Lonicera interrupta is a species of honeysuckle known by the common name chaparral honeysuckle .
Loensia variegata is a species of Psocoptera from Liposcelididae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland .
Nereis is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Nereidae .
African elephants are elephants of the genus Loxodonta ( from the Greek words loxo ( oblique sided ) and donta ( tooth ) ) .
Tortrix sinapina , the Japanese oak leafroller , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Ceanothus verrucosus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names wart - stem ceanothus , barranca brush , and white coast ceanothus .
Struzl 's onion ( Allium struzlianum ) is a species of onion that is endemic to Armenia .
Pseudosiobla campbelli is an extinct species of sawfly in the family Tenthredinidae that is known from early Eocene Ypresian stage lake deposits near the unincorporated community of Horsefly , British Columbia .
Tsuga heterophylla , the western hemlock or western hemlock - spruce , is a species of hemlock native to the west coast of North America , with its northwestern limit on the Kenai Peninsula , Alaska , and its southeastern limit in northern Sonoma County , California .
Melica parodiana is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Buenos Aires , Argentina and Uruguay .
Penicillium restingae is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of the Guaibim sandbank in Bahia in Brazil .
Euschistospiza is a genus of birds in the family Estrildidae , found in Sub - Saharan Africa .
Altispinax ( /ˌæltɨˈspaɪnæks/ ; `` with high spines '' ) is a genus of large predatory theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous ( Barremian ) Obernkirchen Sandstein of Niedersachsen , Germany .
Berberis actinacantha is a species of plant also known as michay .
Leptotyphlops brasiliensis , or the Brazilian blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Auchenipterus is a genus of driftwood catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) .
It contains only one species ( Polyvena horatius ) which was described from Dominican amber .
Coryphopterus is a genus of gobies mostly found in the western Atlantic Ocean though a couple species are found in the Indian and/or Pacific oceans .
Salix barrattiana is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common name Barratt 's willow .
Adenomus is a small genus of true toads , with only three species , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Lobelia erinus ( edging lobelia , garden lobelia or trailing lobelia ) is a species of Lobelia native to southern Africa , from Malawi and Namibia south to South Africa .
Mentzelia mollis is a species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae known by the common names soft blazingstar , smooth blazingstar , and smooth stickleaf .
Arctides is a genus of slipper lobsters , containing three species .
Tetramolopium rockii is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name dune tetramolopium .
Schizaster is a genus of heart urchins belonging to the family Schizasteridae .
The species name was accepted as Crithidia deanei until 2011 , when phylogenetic analysis revealed that it belongs to the genus Angomonas , thereby becoming Angomonas deanei .
Paederia is a genus of flowering plants in the madder family , Rubiaceae .
Melica ciliata , commonly called hairy melic or silky spike melic , is a grass species of perennial bunchgrass native to Europe , north Africa , and temperate Asia .
Tropidia scita is a common European species of hoverfly associated with wetlands , ponds , ditches etc . The larvae have been recorded living in the basal sheaths of Typha .
Combretum molle , the velvet bushwillow , is a plant species in the genus Combretum found in West- , East- and South Africa .
Trachelipus rucneri is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Croatia .
Melica torreyana is a species of grass known by the common name Torrey 's melicgrass .
Botaurus is a genus of bitterns , a group of wading bird in the heron family Ardeidae .
The Orizaba long - tailed shrew ( Sorex orizabae ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Astragalus alpinus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name alpine milkvetch .
Nannacara is a genus of small freshwater cichlid fish endemic to South America .
Uropeltis macrolepis , commonly known as the Bombay earth snake , is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae .
Paracorrhenes flavomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paracorrhenes .
Musa azizii is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) , native to Sarawak , Malaysia .
Salarias ramosus , the Starry blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny from the Western Central Pacific .
Prodasineura is a genus of damselflies in the family Protoneuridae .
Yaoshania pachychilus , the panda loach , is a species of gastromyzontid loach endemic to mountain streams in Jinxiu County , Guangxi in China .
Choeroichthys latispinosus , also known as the Muiron Island pipefish or Muiron pipefish , is a species of pipefish native to the western coast of Australia .
Exguiana postflavida is a species of snout moth in the genus Exguiana .
Carabus henningi is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Mongolia and Russia .
Chiloglanis batesii is a species of upside - down catfish found widely in Western and Central Africa .
Agorius constrictus is a species of ant mimicking jumping spider from Singapore .
Sardinella melanura ( blacktip sardinella ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Sardinella .
Crataegus boyntonii is a species of hawthorn native to the Southeastern U.S. Its fruit are `` yellow - green flushed with red '' .
Bangia is an extant genus of division Rhodophyta that grows in marine or freshwater habitats .
Abutilon × hybridum is a species name used for a wide variety of different types flowering plants of uncertain origin in the genus Abutilon .
Amycolatopsis rifamycinica is a species of Gram - positive bacteria in the Amycolatopsis genus .
The Attelabidae is a widespread family of weevils .
Magnetococcus marinus is a species of Alphaproteobacteria that has the peculiar ability to form a structure called a magnetosome , a membrane encased single - magnetic - domain mineral crystals formed by biomineralisation , which allows the cells to orientate along the Earth 's geomagnetic field .
Achirus is a genus of American soles native to tropical and subtropical parts of the Americas .
Amomyrtus luma , known as Luma , is a species of tree in the Myrtaceae family .
Clausidium dissimile is a species of copepod that has been found along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts from Massachusetts to Florida .
Eriochloa sericea is a species of grass known by the common name Texas cupgrass .
Chylismiella pterosperma is a species of evening primrose known by the common name wingfruit suncup and is the only species in the monotypic genus Chylismiella .
Hydrobius fuscipes is a species of beetle in the family Hydrophilidae that is found across much of the temperate Northern Hemisphere .
Microhyla achatina ( commonly known as the Javan chorus frog ) is a species of narrow - mouthed frog found in Java .
Croton californicus is a species of croton known by the common name California croton .
Centaurea montana ( perennial cornflower , mountain cornflower , bachelor 's button , montane knapweed or mountain bluet ) is a species of Centaurea endemic to Europe .
Solanum sandwicense is a rare species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names Hawai'i horsenettle and popolo ' aiakeakua .
Oligodon ancorus , commonly known as the northern short - headed snake , is a species of colubrid snake found on the islands of Luzon and Mindoro in the Philippines , and the island of Sumatra in Indonesia .
Pisonia graciliscens is a species of plant in the Nyctaginaceae family .
Shorea smithiana ( also called Light Red Meranti ) is a large emergent rainforest tree species in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Canthigaster figueiredoi , known as the Southern Atlantic sharpnose - puffer , is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae .
Macbridea alba is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name white birds - in - a - nest .
Artopoetes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is a small east Asian genus of tailless hairstreaks .
Lingulata is a class of brachiopod , among the oldest of all brachiopods having existed since the Cambrian period ( 541 million years ago ) .
Craibia brevicaudata is a species of medium to large evergreen trees from Fabaceae family that can be found in Angola , Ethiopia , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Tanzania , Zaire , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
Bunias orientalis , the Turkish wartycabbage , warty - cabbage , hill mustard , or Turkish rocket , is a plant species in the genus Bunias .
Populus adenopoda , known commonly as the Chinese aspen , is a species of poplar found in China .
Dorylus gribodoi is a West African species of army ants in the genus Dorylus .
Stanhopea florida is a species of orchid occurring from Ecuador to Peru .
Chaetodon pelewensis also known as the dot dash butterflyfish , Spotbanded Butterflyfish , Punctato Butterflyfish , or Spot - band Butterflyfish is a fish species native to Indonesia and has a yellow - tan body .
Munidopsis polymorpha is a species of squat lobster ( also known as the blind albino cave crab ) that is endemic to Lanzarote , Canary Islands .
Rumex patientia , known as patience dock , `` garden patience '' , `` herb patience '' , or `` monk 's rhubarb '' , is a herbaceous perennial plant species of the genus Rumex , belonging to the family Polygonaceae .
Microhexura is a tiny spider genus from the USA with only two species .
The bicolor butterflyfish , Prognathodes dichrous , is a species of butterflyfish found in atlantic waters .
Pomadasys commersonnii , the smallspotted grunter , is a species of grunt native to the shores of the western Indian Ocean from India to South Africa , being found in brackish and marine waters and occasionally into fresh waters .
Gymnanthes lucida , commonly known as shiny oysterwood or crabwood , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae , that is native to southern Florida in the United States , the Bahamas , the Caribbean , Mexico , and Central America .
Plioviverrops is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore of the family Hyaenidae , endemic to Southern Europe during the Late Miocene subepoch ( 11.6 - -5.3 mya ) existing for approximately 6.3 million years .
Cyamiidae is a family of marine bivalve clams of the order Veneroida .
Badis khwae is a species of freshwater fish native to Thailand .
Cotysomerida lampyroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cotysomerida .
Pheidochloa is a genus of Australian and Papuasian plants in the grass family .
Piatnitzkysaurus ( pron.:``PEA - at - NITS - key - SORE - us '' ) is an extinct genus of megalosauroid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 164 to 161 million years ago during the middle part of the Jurassic Period in what is now Argentina .
Andrena hattorfiana is a species of mining bees belonging to the family Andrenidae subfamily Andreninae .
Conasprella sieboldii , common name Siebold 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Xiurenbagrus gigas is a species of catfish of the family Amblycipitidae .
Anolis lividus , the Plymouth anole , is a species of anole lizard that is endemic to the island of Montserrat in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles .
Sideroxylon celastrinum is a species of flowering plant in the sapodilla family , Sapotaceae , that is native to Texas and Florida in the United States south through Central America to northern Venezuela and Colombia in South America .
Andricus kollari is species of wasp which causes the formation of marble galls on oak trees .
Melica harfordii is a species of grass known by the common name Harford 's oniongrass .
Acanthosaura is a genus of lizards commonly known as mountain horned dragons , or pricklenape agamas .
Penicillium rubidurum is an anamorph , monoverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Kruphaiomyces trochoidei .
Lohoodon is a genus of hapalodectid mesonychians which lived during the middle Eocene .
Denticetopsis iwokrama is a species of whale catfish endemic to Guyana where it is only known from the type locality in the Siparuni River basin .
Dardanus venosus , the starry - eyed crab or stareye crab , is a species of hermit crab in the family Diogenidae .
Salpichroa origanifolia is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names lily of the valley vine , pampas lily - of - the - valley or cock's - eggs .
Ophelina acuminata is a species of marine annelids , found in the sublittoral mud and sand bottom .
The soldier flies ( Stratiomyidae , sometimes misspelled as Stratiomyiidae , from Greek στρατιώτης - soldier ; μυια - fly ) are a family of flies ( historically placed in the now - obsolete group Orthorrhapha ) .
Plagiobothrys hirtus , the rough popcornflower , is a plant species with only about a dozen reportedly extant occurrences , all within the Umpqua River watershed in Douglas County , Oregon .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pseudoperitheca murmanica .
Lithocarpus kingii is a species of plant in the family Fagaceae .
Haliotis rubiginosa , common name the Lord Howe abalone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Salix floridana , the Florida willow , is a species of willow in the family Salicaceae .
The superfamily Trichoceroidea includes one family :
Cassytha filiformis , common name love - vine , is a species of obligate parasitic vine in the family Lauraceae .
Deinandra bacigalupii ( sometimes misspelled bacigalupi ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Livermore tarplant and Livermore moonshine .
Sphenocephalus is an extinct genus of ray - finned fish that lived during the Cretaceous period .
Blepharizonia plumosa is a California species of tarweed known by the common name big tarweed .
The Opluridae , or Madagascan iguanas , are a family of moderately sized lizards native to Madagascar and Grande Comore .
Nacella kerguelenensis is a southern , cold - water species of limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae , the true limpets .
Heterospathe is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Oceania , where it is called sagisi palm .
Samoana attenuata is a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Puntius dolichopterus is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae .
Lithospermum canescens is a species of flowering plant known by the common name hoary puccoon .
Ecsenius namiyei , commonly called Black comb - tooth or Namiye 's coralblenny , is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae .
The Phronimidae are a family of amphipod crustaceans , containing two genera :
Erigeron mariposanus is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names foothill fleabane , Mariposa daisy , or Mariposa erigeron .
Eupatorium anomalum , commonly called Florida thoroughwort , is a North American species in the sunflower family .
Diplorhynchus is a monotypic genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family found in tropical and southern Africa .
Galium kamtschaticum , known as Kamchatka bedstraw or boreal bedstraw , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae , named for the Kamchatka Peninsula on the Pacific Coast of Russia .
Phanera variegata is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae , native to South Asia and Southeast Asia , from southern China , Burma , India , Nepal , Pakistan , and Sri Lanka .
Oryzeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the true grass family , Poaceae .
Nannosquillidae is a family of stomatopods , comprising the following genera :
Rubus parliniiis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Pantophthalmidae is a small family of very large , robust flies , sometimes referred to as timber flies .
The Kentucky warbler ( Geothlypis formosa ) is a small species of New World warbler .
Rubus blanchardianus , Blanchard 's dewberry , is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Charonia tritonis , common name the Triton 's trumpet or the giant triton , is a species of very large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Cyphoryctis xylodoma is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family , and the only species in the genus Cyphoryctis .
Dipteronia is a genus of two living and one extinct species , regarded in the soapberry family Sapindaceae sensu lato after Angiosperm Phylogeny Group ( APG I 1998 , APG II 2003 ) and more recently ( Harrington et al . 2005 ) ) or traditionally by several authors in Aceraceae , related to the maples .
Mermis nigrescens is a species of nematode known commonly as the grasshopper nematode .
It contains the single species Anthropodyptes gilli , known from a Middle Miocene humerus from Australia .
Phacelia austromontana is a species of phacelia known by the common name Southern Sierra phacelia .
Only one species is known , Entomophobia kinabaluensis , endemic to the Island of Borneo .
Chaptalia tomentosa , common name pineland daisy , is a plant species native to the southeastern United States .
Baenidae is an extinct family of cryptodiran turtles that first appeared during the Jurassic , and died out during the Eocene
Linatella caudata , common name : the Girdled triton or Poulsen 's Triton , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae , the triton snails , triton shells or tritons .
Kempfidris is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Kempfidris inusualis .
Carolina chickadees are so similar to black - capped chickadees that they themselves have trouble telling their species apart .
Elaphrus lindrothi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Elaphrinae .
Goupia is a neotropical genus of flowering plants and the sole genus included in the family Goupiaceae .
Acer pilosum is an Asian species of maple .
It is the only species in the genus Prionium , and is endemic to South Africa ( Cape Province and KwaZulu - Natal ) .
Maylandia barlowi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the area around the Maleri Islands where it prefers areas with soft substrates .
Wolterstorffina ( the Wolterstorff toads ) is a genus of true toads native to Nigeria and Cameroon .
Excoecaria indica , is a mangrove species belonging to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae .
Paraneoptera is a monophyletic superorder of insects which includes four orders , the bark lice , true lice , thrips , and hemipterans , the true bugs .
Grevillea alpivaga , also known as Buffalo Grevillea , is a species of the plant genus Grevillea .
Dimeria is a genus of Asian , Australian , Madagascan , and Pacific Island plants in the grass family .
Horkelia tridentata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name threetooth horkelia .
Smilax hugeri , Huger 's carrionflower , is a North American plant species native to the southeastern United States .
Xinjiangtitan is an extinct genus of mamenchisaurid sauropod known from the Middle Jurassic Qigu Formation in Piqan County of Xinjiang , northwestern China .
Hazeus is a genus of gobies native to the Red Sea , the Indian Ocean and the northwestern Pacific Ocean .
Notochthamalus scabrosus , the only species in the genus Notochthamalus , is a species of barnacle found along the south - western and south - eastern coasts of South America , from Peru to the Falkland Islands .
Zeuzerocossus cinereus is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Zeuzerocossus .
Hylarana milleti ( Millet 's frog or Dalat frog ) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Beris geniculata , the long - horned black legionnaire , is a European species of soldier fly .
Nicotiana acuminata is a species of wild tobacco known by the English common name manyflower tobacco .
Tropisternus is a genus of hydrophilid beetles with 63 species in five subgenera in North and South America .
Palinurus barbarae is a species of spiny lobster described in 2006 , which was found by fishermen working the waters above the Walters Shoals , a series of submerged mountains 700 kilometres ( 430 mi ) south of Madagascar .
The type and only species , is Thalassiodracon hawkinsi Owen 1840 .
Oncidium pectorale is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil ( Rio de Janeiro ) .
Banksia sessilis var . cordata is a variety of Banksia sessilis ( Parrot Bush ) , with unusually large leaves and flower heads .
Lomatium congdonii , known by the common names Mariposa desertparsley and Congdon 's lomatium , is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family .
Buddleja sterniana was a species sunk as Buddleja crispa by Leeuwenberg in 1979 , and treated as such in the subsequent Flora of China .
The Seychelles scops owl ( Otus insularis ) , also known as bare - legged scops owl or syer ( in Creole ) is a rare scops owl species , which only occurs in the Morne Seychellois National Park on the Seychelles island of Mahé .
Warrenisuchus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Queensland , Australia .
Philoria is a genus of frogs native to eastern and southern Australia .
Nuculida is an order of small saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks .
Leuciscus baicalensis , or the Siberian dace , is a freshwater species of cyprinid fish , found in Siberian rivers draining to the Arctic Ocean , from the Ob to the Kolyma in the east , as well as in Mongolia and in Ulungur Lake and Ulungur River in Xinjiang , China .
Cupitha purreea , commonly known as the Wax Dart , is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae and only species of the Cupitha genus .
Aplysia vaccaria , also known as the black sea hare and California black sea hare , is a species of extremely large sea slug , a marine , opisthobranch , gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae .
Lepidozia is a genus of liverwort in family Lepidoziaceae .
Lioprosopa haploa is a species of snout moth in the genus Lioprosopa .
Platyscapa is a genus of 19 species of pollinating fig wasps found in Africa and Madagascar , Middle East , southern Asia and the Indo - Pacific islands .
Cryptosporidium muris is a species of coccidium , first isolated from the gastric glands of the common mouse .
The Ceratocystidaceae are a family of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class , subclass Hypocreomycetidae .
Araiostegia is a genus of twelve epiphytic or terrestrial ferns from tropical Asia belonging to the hares - foot fern family .
Lithodytes lineatus ( Spanish : sapito listado ) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family .
Tapeworms of the order Cyclophyllidea ( the cyclophyllid cestodes ) are the most important cestode parasites of humans and domesticated animals .
Amaryllis paradisicola is a species of bulbous perennial plant from South Africa .
Naraboryctes is an extinct genus of marsupial from early Miocene deposits of Boodjamulla National Park of Riversleigh area , northwestern Queensland , Australia .
Symphodus is a genus of wrasses native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea .
Libinia ferreirae is a species of tropical spider crab in the family Epialtidae .
There is one named species , Afrovenator abakensis .
Neritina glabrata is a species of brackish water snail , a gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae .
Eucharis candida is a plant species native to Colombia , Ecuador and Peru but cultivated as an ornamental in many other regions .
Clytostoma elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Clytostoma .
Exarrhenodes flavosticticus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Exarrhenodes .
Pseudelasma curticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudelasma .
Labrisomus wigginsi , the Baja blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific coast of Baja California .
Theosodon is an extinct genus of litoptern mammal from the early Miocene of South America .
Bellastraea rutidoloma , common name the granular small star , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Dysmachus trigonus , the fan - bristled robberfly , is a species of robber fly ( family Asilidae ) .
Thyrophorella thomensis is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Thyrophorellidae .
Tibia curta , common name the Indian tibia , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Ephedra cutleri , the Navajo ephedra or Cutler 's jointfir , is a species of Ephedra that is native to the Southwestern United States ( Arizona , New Mexico , Utah , Colorado , Nevada , Wyoming ) .
Begonia incarnata is a species of plant in the family Begoniaceae , native to Brazil .
Melaleuca pustulata is sometimes confused with Melaleuca ericifolia which also occurs naturally in Tasmania , however the leaves of that species lack the raised oil glands of M. pustulata and the outer surface of its flower cup ( hypanthium ) is hairy .
Amphiesma parallelum , commonly known as the Yunnan keelback , is a species of natricine snake which is endemic to Asia .
Deinandra pentactis , called Salinas River tarweed , is a North American species of plants in the tarweed tribe within the ( sunflower family ) .
Miuroglanis platycephalus is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Trichomycteridae , and the only species of the genus Miuroglanis .
Stenostiridae , or the fairy flycatchers , are a family of small passerine birds proposed as a result of recent discoveries in molecular systematics .
Prosthechea is a genus in the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
Ceramium is a genus of red algae in the Rhodophyta .
Hydrophis brookii is a species of venomous sea snake .
The Anthocoridae are a family of bugs , commonly called minute pirate bugs or flower bugs .
Eriogonum plumatella is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name yucca buckwheat .
Juncus trifidus is a species of rush known by the common names highland rush and three - leaved rush .
Triacanthidae , commonly known as triplespines or tripodfishes , is a family of Indo - Pacific fishes .
Pristimantis lemur ( in Spanish : rana picuda ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Stenoponia americana is a species of large flea in the family Hystrichopsyllidae .
Benthophilus grimmi is a species of goby widespread in the northern Caspian Sea at depth 80 to 240 metres ( 260 to 790 ft ) .
Oxyrhopus melanogenys , commonly known as Tschudi 's false coral snake , is a colubrid snake species found in the northern part of South America .
Omobranchus fasciolatoceps is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean , around southern Japan and China .
Bolma pseudobathyraphis is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
The genus Sarcochilus , abbreviated as Sarco .
Dipterocarpus zeylanicus , commonly known as හොර - Hora in Sinhalese and සරල - Sarala or කිරිපලු - Kiripalu in Sanskrit , is a species of Dipterocarpus that is endemic to Sri Lanka .
It contains only one known species , Didymocistus chrysadenius , native to the Loreto region of northeastern Peru , the Amazonas Department of southeastern Colombia , and the State of Amazonas in northwestern Brazil .
The Campo oriole or Campo troupial ( Icterus jamacaii ) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae .
Compsomantis tumidiceps is a species of praying mantis found in Java , Lombok , the Philippine Islands , Sumatra , Sumba , and Timor .
Alsodes monticola ( common name : island spiny - chest frog ) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family .
Archontophoenicinae is a botanical subtribe consisting of four genera of palms , namely Archontophoenix from Queensland and New South Wales and Actinokentia , Chambeyronia and Kentiopsis from New Caledonia .
Gilia aliquanta is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name puffcalyx gilia .
Sphenophorus abbreviatus is a true weevil species in the genus Sphenophorus .
Myosotis latifolia is a species of forget - me - not known by the common name broadleaf forget - me - not .
Heteroclinus eckloniae , the Kelp weedfish , is a species of clinid native to the Indo - Pacific waters of the southern coast of Australia where it can be found in kelp and algal reefs .
Streptomyces hainanensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in from the island Hainan in China .
Neolitsea sericea is a species of a medium - sized evergreen tree up to 10 m ( 33 ft ) tall in the Lauraceae family .
Amblyodipsas dimidiata , or the Mpwapwa purple - glossed snake , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Cambaroides wladiwostokensis is a species of crayfish endemic to Primorsky Krai .
Pentanema is a genus of Asian and African plants in the elecampane tribe within the sunflower family .
Angraecum podochiloides is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Côte d'Ivoire , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Ghana , Liberia and Nigeria .
The Craugastoridae , or fleshbelly frogs , are a family of New World direct - developing frogs .
Aconopteroides laevipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aconopteroides .
Cryptosporidium is a genus of apicomplexan protozoans that can cause a respiratory and gastrointestinal illness ( cryptosporidiosis ) that primarily involves watery diarrhea ( intestinal cryptosporidiosis ) with or without a persistent cough ( respiratory cryptosporidiosis ) in both immunocompetent and immunodeficient humans .
Argoctenus is a genus of spider from the Miturgidae family .
Pareuxesta academica is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Pareuxesta of the family Ulidiidae .
Ulva acanthophora is a species of benthic subtropical seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in Baja , California and Mexico .
Thenaria is an infraorder of cnidarian anthozoans of the suborder Nyantheae , order Actiniaria .
Micromastra isoldalis is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Micromastra .
Eutrombicula splendens is a species of chigger .
Austroponera is a ponerine genus of ants found in Australia and New Zealand .
Picea breweriana , known as Brewer spruce , Brewer 's weeping spruce , or weeping spruce , is a species of spruce native to western North America , where it is one of the rarest on the continent , endemic to the Klamath Mountains of southwest Oregon and northwest California .
Pseuderanthemum reticulatum , common names Yellow - Vein Eranthemum and Golden Pseuderanthemum , is a species of evergreen shrub in the Acanthaceae family .
Ceanothus parvifolius is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name littleleaf ceanothus .
Masdevallia tovarensis is a species of orchid endemic to northern Venezuela .
Logania is a genus of plants belonging to the family Loganiaceae .
Randia portoricensis , known commonly as the Puerto Rico Indigoberry , is a species of shrub in the family Rubiaceae .
Monodilepas monilifera cookiana is a subspecies of small sea snail , a keyhole limpet , a subspecies of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Diptychus is a genus of cyprinid fish , consisting of two Asian species .
Thelypodium crispum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name crisped thelypody .
Streptaxidae is a taxonomic family of carnivorous air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Stylommatophora .
Lioptilodes parafuscicostatus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes , known from Ecuador and possibly Peru .
Turbo reevei , common name the Reeve 's turban , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae .
Senecio hydrophiloides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names tall groundsel and sweet marsh ragwort .
Emblemaria vitta , the Ribbon blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Navassa Island , in the western central Atlantic ocean .
Turbo cailletii , common name the filose turban , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Omus dejeani is a species of flightless tiger beetle ( Cicindelidae ) that is found from British Columbia almost to northern California in dense , coastal forests .
Neotinea tridentata ( three - toothed orchid ) is a species of orchid found in southern Europe from Spain to Turkey and Lebanon ; northwards to the Crimea , Poland and Germany .
Ephedra breana ( frutilla de campo , pingo - pingo ) is a species of Ephedra growing from northwest Argentina through to Chile and Bolivia .
Antimargarita is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Margaritidae .
Alidopsis latefasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Alidopsis .
Allium rotundum , common name round - headed leek or purple - flowered garlic , is a Eurasian and North African species of wild onion .
Myrmica bibikoffi is a species of ant that can be found in Germany , and Switzerland .
Eolepidopterix is an extinct genus of moths within the family Eolepidopterigidae , containing one species , Eolepidopterix jurassica , which is known from Russia .
Yochelcionella is an extinct genus of basal molluscs which lived during the Tommotian epoch , the first epoch of the Cambrian period .
It is the only species in the genus Guatemalteca .
Xixiasaurus is a genus of extinct troodontid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of modern - day China .
Cymatium lotorium , common name Black - spotted or Washing Bath Triton , is a species of predatory sea snail , a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Trypauchenichthys is a genus of gobies native to fresh , brackish and marine waters along the Indian Ocean and Pacific coasts of Asia .
Tetrazygia bicolor ( Pronunciation : tet - truh - ZIG - ee - uh BI - cull - ler ) is a species flowering plant in the glory bush family , Melastomataceae , that is native to southern Florida in the United States and the Caribbean .
Inermocoelotes paramicrolepidus is a funnel - web spider species found in Greece .
Paragonimus westermani is the major species of lung fluke to infects humans , causing paragonimiasis .
The Majagua ( Hampea reynae ) is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae family .
Handleyomys is a genus of Central and South American rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae .
Panulirus longipes , the longlegged spiny lobster , is a species of spiny lobster that lives on shallow rocky and coral reefs in the tropical Indo - Pacific region .
Anthemis carpatica ( Snow Carpet ) is a species of the genus Anthemis and in the Asteraceae family .
Cyathea brownii , commonly known as the Norfolk tree fern or smooth tree fern , is probably the largest tree fern species in the world .
Megacephala regalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Boherman in 1848 .
Nebria coiffaiti is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey .
Sapphirina , also called the sea sapphires , is a genus of parasitic copepod , containing the following species :
Hexagenia bilineata is a species of mayfly in the family Ephemeridae .
Rhizanthes is a genus of 4 species of parasitic flowering plants without leaves , stems , roots , or photosynthetic tissue .
Carex petasata is a species of sedge known by the common name Liddon sedge .
Cleome maculata is a species of cleome that is native to southern Africa , where it occurs in sandy soils , especially in rocky habitats , and on slopes .
Phyllococcus oahuensis was a species of mealybug in the family Pseudococcidae , and the only species in the genus Phyllococcus .
The Colombian small - eared shrew ( Cryptotis colombiana ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Anthocharis cardamines phoenissa is a subspecies of Orange Tip butterfly found mostly in the Middle East .
Geastrum rufescens , commonly known as the rosy earthstar , is a species of fungus in the family Geastraceae .
Ristella guentheri , commonly known as Günther 's Ristella , is a species of skink endemic to India .
Eleocharis parishii is a species of spikesedge known by the common name Parish 's spikerush .
Pristichampsidae is an extinct family of crocodilians that lived in Europe , Asia , and North America during the Paleogene .
Astragalus bolanderi is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Bolander 's milkvetch .
Taphrognathus is an extinct genus of conodont named in 1941 .
Lysimachia clethroides , common name gooseneck loosestrife , is a species of flowering plant , traditionally classified in the family Primulaceae .
Thelypodium eucosmum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names arrow - leaf thelypody and world thelypody .
Bacillus horti is a species of Gram - negative alkaliphilic bacillus .
Farlowella altocorpus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Bolivia where it occurs in the Coroico River .
The Alteromonadales are an order of Proteobacteria .
Capsicum chinense , commonly known as `` yellow lantern chili '' , is a species of chili pepper native to the Americas .
Aequatorium repandiforme is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is found only in Ecuador .
Tripsacum laxum , the Guatemalan gamagrass , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family .
Desulfovibrio vulgaris is a species of Gram - negative sulfate - reducing bacteria in the Desulfovibrionaceae family .
Penstemon clutei is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Sunset Crater beardtongue .
Bursatella leachii , common name the ragged sea hare or shaggy sea hare , is a species of large sea slug or sea hare , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae , the sea hares .
Apistogramma eremnopyge is a species of cichlid .
Paramonacanthus is a genus of filefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
The Lavasoa dwarf lemur ( Cheirogaleus lavasoensis ) is a small , nocturnal strepsirrhine primate and a species of lemur that is endemic to three small , isolated patches of forest on the southern slopes of the Lavasoa Mountains in southern Madagascar .
Conus excelsus , common name the excelsior cone or the illustrious cone , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails .
Manidens is a genus of heterodontosaurid dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of Patagonia .
Hyloxalus whymperi , sometimes known as the Tanti rocket frog , is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Leptotyphlops bicolor , or the two - colored blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Abralia is a genus of squid comprising around 20 species .
Psidium friedrichsthalianum , the Costa Rican guava or cas , is a species of guava found mostly in Costa Rica but also grown in Guatemala , Nicaragua and other Central American countries .
Squilla mantis is a species of mantis shrimp found in shallow coastal areas of the Mediterranean Sea and the Eastern Atlantic Ocean .
Munnozia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae .
Conraua crassipes is a species of frog in the Conrauidae family found in Cameroon , the Republic of the Congo , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Nigeria , and possibly Angola and the Central African Republic .
The genus contains only one species , Cladarctia quadriramosa , which is found in Tibet , Nepal , Kashmir and the northwestern Himalayas .
Rhus lanceolata , the prairie sumac , is a plant species native to Texas , Oklahoma , Arizona , New Mexico , Coahuila , Nuevo León and Tamaulipas .
Trichogaster is a genus of gouramis native to South Asia from Pakistan to Myanmar .
Pellona ditchela , called the Indian pellona , ditchelee and the toothed shad , is a species of longfin herring native to the coasts , mangrove swamps , and estuaries of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific , generally in tropical waters .
Platydoras cataphractus also known as the Spiny catfish is a species of thorny catfish found in rivers of Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , and Suriname .
The Zeidae ( named after Zeus , the supreme god of Greek mythology ) are a family of large , showy , deep - bodied zeiform marine fish -- the `` true dories '' .
Magnapaulia is a genus of herbivorous lambeosaurine dinosaur known from the Latest Cretaceous Baja California , of northwestern Mexico .
Nebria cordicollis praegensis is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Seehalde , Germany .
Oioceros is an extinct genus of spiral - horned antelope from the late Miocene .
Epilasia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Nannophryne variegata , known also as the Eden Harbour toad or Patagonian toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Etheostoma osburni , the candy darter or finescale saddled darter , is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States where they are only known from the Kanawha River system in the states of Virginia and West Virginia .
Arctoperlaria is a suborder of stoneflies .
Acleistorhinus is an extinct genus of parareptile known from the Early Permian ( middle Kungurian stage ) of Oklahoma .
Acteniopsis is a genus of snout moths in the subfamily Pyralinae .
Hydra oligactis , also known as the brown hydra , is a species of hydra found widely dispersed in the northern temperate zone .
Pleurothallis cordata is a species of orchid occurring from western South America to Venezuela .
The Anisakidae are a family of intestinal roundworms .
Piliranova pilipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Piliranova .
Indigofera tinctoria , also called true indigo , is a species of plant from the bean family that was one of the original sources of indigo dye .
Calotomus carolinus , commonly known as Carolines parrotfish , is a species of parrotfish .
Rhinoviruses is a genus within the Picornaviridae family of viruses .
Euphlyctis ghoshi ( Manipur frog , Ghosh 's frog ) is a species of frog found in Manipur , India .
Acanthiza is a genus of passeriform birds , mostly found in Australia but with one species ( A. murina ) restricted to New Guinea .
Donatia novae - zelandiae is a species of cushion plant in the family Donatiaceae and is closely related to species in the family Stylidiaceae .
Phymosoma is an extinct genus of echinoid that lived from the Cretaceous to the Eocene .
Sebastolobus is a genus of rockfishes native to the northern and eastern Pacific Ocean .
Parasudis is a genus of greeneyes found in the Atlantic Ocean , with these recognized species :
Nyctibatrachus kumbara , common name Kumbara night frog , is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the Western Ghats of India .
Kurtziella cerina is a species of small , predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae .
Polystachya concreta , the greater yellowspike orchid , is a species of orchid native to tropical and subtropical America , Africa and Asia .
Heliobolus lugubris , also known as the bushveld lizard , is a species of lizard in the genus Heliobolus native to southern Africa .
Prionurus is a genus of surgeonfishes found mostly in the Pacific Ocean with one species , P. biafraensis , native to the Atlantic Ocean .
Tilia tomentosa , known as silver linden in the US and silver lime in the UK , is a species of flowering plant in the family Malvaceae , native to southeastern Europe and southwestern Asia , from Hungary and the Balkans east to western Turkey , occurring at moderate altitudes .
Salvethymus svetovidovi , also called the long - finned charr , is a species of salmonid fish .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Geosiphon pyriformis , first described by Kützing in 1849 as Botrydium pyriforme .
The Diomedeoididae are a prehistoric family of seabirds .
Quercus lusitanica , commonly known as Gall Oak , Lusitanian Oak , or Dyer 's Oak , is a species of oak native to Morocco , Portugal , and Spain .
Lepidobero sinensis is a species of freshwater sculpin endemic to China .
Cychrus yulongxuicus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that is endemic to the Sichuan province of China .
Elaphostrongylus is a genus of parasitic nematodes in the family Protostrongylidae .
Odorrana margaretae ( common names : Margareta 's frog , Margaret frog , green odorous frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Heteropholis is a genus of African and Sri Lankan plants in the grass family .
Oecomys superans , also known as the large oecomys or foothill arboreal rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae .
Acidaspis is an extinct genus of Odontopleurid trilobite from the Silurian of North America and Europe .
Stifftia is a genus of South American trees in the mutisia tribe within the daisy family .
Griffiniella heterogamia is a species of cockroach described by Heinrich Hugo Karny in 1908 .
Anthericum liliago ( St Bernard 's lily ) is a species of the genus Anthericum in the family Asparagaceae .
Monolene is a genus of small , mainly deepwater lefteye flounders from the Atlantic and East Pacific .
Calamobius filum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Calamobius .
Calandrinia is a plant genus that contains many species of purslane , including the redmaids .
Cephalobarus macrocephalus is only species in the monotypic genus Cephalobarus of straight - snouted weevils belonging to the family Brentidae .
Micropterix aureopennella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1986 , and is known from Algeria .
Members of the family Narkidae are commonly known as sleeper rays .
Brickellia brachyphylla ( plumed brickellbush or Hinckley 's brickellbush ) is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Juniperus lutchuensis ( Ryukyu Islands juniper ; Japanese : オキナワハイネズ Okinawa - hainezu ; syn . Juniperus taxifolia var . lutchuensis ( Koidz . ) Satake ) is a species of juniper , native to the Ryukyu Islands , Izu Ōshima and the adjacent coast of Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan .
Lamida buruensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Lamida .
Doxander vittatus , common name the vitate conch , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Callochromis is a genus of cichlids native to shallow , sandy bottom areas of Lake Tanganyika in East Africa .
Sinopanorpa is a genus of scorpionflies .
Araxoceratidae is an extinct family of ceratitid ammonite cephalopods that were found throughout the world .
Amitermes is a genus of termites in the family Termitidae .
Isotelus is a genus of asaphid trilobite from the middle and upper Ordovician period , fairly common in the Northeastern United States , northwest Manitoba , southwestern Quebec and southeastern Ontario .
Cistus albidus , the grey - leaved cistus , is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae , with pink to purple flowers , native to south - western Europe and western north Africa .
Nebria coreica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in North Korea and Russia .
In 2007 , all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele ; hence its current name is Banksia bipinnatifida ( R.Br . )
Helogenes uruyensis is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Uruyén River basin .
Meristogenys is a genus of true frogs from Borneo .
Opisthorchiata is a suborder of flatworms in the subclass Digenea .
Aethes sonorae , the streaked aethes moth , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Heptathela is a genus of spiders that includes the Kimura - gumo .
Trillium cernuum ( nodding trillium , nodding wakerobin , or whip - poor - will flower ) is a species of Trillium native to northeastern North America , from Newfoundland west to southern Saskatchewan , and south to northern Virginia and Iowa .
Aracamunia liesneri , collected by R. Liesner and F. Delascia in 1987 , is the sole species in the orchid genus Aracamunia .
Phacelia eisenii is a species of phacelia known by the common name Eisen 's phacelia .
The Sulawesi bear cuscus or Sulawesi bear phalanger ( Ailurops ursinus ) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae .
Kostermanthus malayus is a species of plant in the family Chrysobalanaceae .
Carpopenaeus is an extinct genus of prawn , which existed during the Upper Jurassic and Cretaceous periods .
Liolaemus schroederi ( Schroeder 's tree iguana ) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Anapistula seychellensis is a species of araneomorph spider that is endemic to the islands of Silhouette , Praslin and Curieuse in the Seychelles .
Pteroplax ( meaning finned tablet ) is an extinct genus of Reptiliomorpha .
Macropinna microstoma is the only species of fish in the genus Macropinna , belonging to the Opisthoproctidae , the barreleye family .
Callisia graminea , called the grassleaf roseling , is a plant species native to the southeastern United States .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Antimanoa grisleae .
Aythya is a genus of diving ducks .
Elysia subornata is a species of small sea slug , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae .
Prostoma is a genus of freshwater nemerteans , containing the following species :
Funastrum is a genus of flowering plant now in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae , formerly in Asclepiadaceae .
Packera tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the composite family known by the common name woolly ragwort .
The Vibrionaceae are a family of Proteobacteria given their own order .
Sinraptor is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Late Jurassic .
Phrealcia eximiella is a species of moth of the Ypsolophidae family .
Veitchia joannis , or the Joannis Palm , is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family .
Thoatherium ( meaning `` active swift - beast '' ) is an extinct genus of litoptern mammal from the early Miocene of 20 Ma .
Oblivia is a genus of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family .
Trechus bowlingi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae .
Seleucia pectinella is a species of snout moth in the genus Seleucia .
Cottoclinus canops is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Galapagos Islands .
Lithacodia blandula is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family .
Nannoplecostomus eleonorae is a species of armored catfish known only from the upper Rio Tocantins basin in the Brazilian state of Goiás .
Blennophis striatus , the Striped klipfish , is a species of clinid found in the subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Saldanha Bay to East London , South Africa where it can be found in the subtidal zone as well as inhabiting tidepools .
Nebria fallaciosa farkaci is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Shanxi province of China .
Acontias gracilicauda , the slendertail lance skink , is a species of skink found in the Republic of South Africa .
Westergaardodina is a species - rich genus of spine , U or W - shaped paraconodont known from Middle Cambrian to Ordovician strata .
Baris grossacavis is a species of extinct beetle in the genus Baris of the family Curculionidae .
Hemibrycon sanjuanensis is a species of characin from the upper San Juan River , Colombia .
Sphagneticola calendulacea is a flowering plant species in the genus Sphagneticola .
Senecio aronicoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name rayless ragwort .
Mentzelia leucophylla , known by the common name Ash Meadows blazingstar , is a rare species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae .
The spider genus Micrathena contains more than a hundred species , most of them Neotropical woodland orb - weavers .
Rivomarginella electrum is a species of freshwater snail , gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Conus neptunus , common name the Neptune cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Holconia immanis , commonly known as the Sydney huntsman spider , is a species of huntsman spider found in eastern Australia .
Pocillopora damicornis , the cauliflower coral , is a species of stony coral in the family Pocilloporidae .
Allobates olfersioides ( common name : Rio rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Schistidium antarctici is a species of moss found in Antarctica .
Eosinopteryx is an extinct genus of avialan theropod dinosaurs known the late Jurassic period of China .
Megaleptictis ( meaning `` large Leptictis '' ) is an extinct genus of large insectivore mammal from Late Paleogene ( latest Eocene ( Chadronian NALMA ) , but may be earliest Oligocene ( Orellan NALMA ) ) deposits of Custer County , South Dakota .
Amblyodipsas katangensis , or the Katanga purple - glossed snake , is a species of venomous
Futabasaurus is a genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Fukushima , Japan .
Geobatrachus walkeri ( Walker 's Sierra frog ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family , of the monotypic genus Geobatrachus .
Simpsonichthys santanae is a species of rivuline fish native to the Paraná River basin in South America .
Taningia danae , the Dana octopus squid , is a species of squid in the family Octopoteuthidae .
Blastocladia is a genus of aquatic fungi .
Rhinorex is a genus of kritosaurin hadrosaur from the Late Cretaceous Neslen Formation , in central Utah .
Paratylenchus is a genus of nematodes ( round worms ) .
Suillus spraguei is a species of fungus in the Suillaceae family .
Metellina is a genus of tetragnathid spiders that occurs mostly in Eurasia , with two species found in North America .
Ectatomminae is a subfamily of ants in the poneromorph subfamilies group containing four extant and three extinct genera in two tribes .
Platycarpha is a genus of South African plants dandelion subfamily within the daisy family .
Rhyssolobium is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1838 .
Microchrysa is a genus of soldierfly belonging to the family Stratiomyidae .
Labrisomus albigenys , the Whitecheek blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Caribbean Sea .
Coeloplana is a genus of Ctenophora .
Gagea chrysantha is a European species of plants in the lily family , found only in Italy .
Stawellia is a genus of herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , first described as a genus in 1870 .
Ascochyta is a genus of ascomycete fungi , containing several species that are pathogenic to plants , particularly cereal crops .
Haludaria is a genus of cyprinids native to India .
Trigonostemon is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae and the sole member of its tribe ( Trigonostemoneae ) .
Shonisaurus is a genus of ichthyosaur .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Polyascomyces trichophyae .
Lasiognathus dinema is a species of wolftrap angler found in the deep waters of the northern Gulf of Mexico .
Aristotle 's catfish ( Silurus aristotelis ) is a species of fish in the Siluridae family .
Polyplacapros tyleri is a species of deepwater boxfish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean where it is found near Australia , New Zealand and the sea mounts of the Norfolk Ridge at a depth of around 132 metres ( 433 ft ) .
Amietia desaegeri is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Pseudopataecus is a genus of velvetfishes endemic to the waters around Australia .
Salmea is a genus of plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family .
Elseya schultzei , commonly known as Schultze 's snapping turtle , is a species of chelid turtle endemic to New Guinea and Indonesia .
Kondoa kondorum is a species of small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae .
Maoricrypta costata , or the ribbed slipper shell , is a species of intertidal medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae .
Parachalcides is a genus of skinks .
Neoapachella is a genus of trapdoor spider in the family Euctenizidae comprising the sole species Neoapachella rothi , found in the U.S. states of Arizona and New Mexico .
†Partula cedista was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
The Apteropanorpidae are a family of wingless scorpionflies containing a single genus , Apteropanorpa , with four named species .
Bentonyx ( meaning `` Michael J. Bentons ' claw '' ) is an extinct genus of rhynchosaur from the middle Triassic epoch of Devon in England .
Baphetoidea is a superfamily of early tetrapods .
Cirripectes alboapicalis is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean .
The Guaiquinima whitestart ( Myioborus cardonai ) , also known as the saffron - breasted whitestart , is a species of bird in the Parulidae family .
Stephanocereus is genus of cactus from Brazil , related to Arrojadoa .
Ageratina aromatica , also known as lesser snakeroot and small - leaved white snakeroot , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Libellula cyanea , the spangled skimmer , is a species of dragonfly in the Libellula genus , native to the United States of America .
Plagiobothrys shastensis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Shasta popcornflower .
Encephalartos laevifolius is a species of cycad that is found in KwaZulu - Natal , Limpopo Province , and Mpumalanga provinces of South Africa .
Micromeria is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , widespread across Europe , Asia , Africa , and North America , with a center of diversity in the Mediterranean region and the Canary Islands .
Cliomantis lateralis is a species of praying mantis in the genus Cliomantis in the order Mantodea .
Agrostocrinum is a genus of herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , first described by Ferdinand von Mueller as a genus in 1860 .
Potamogeton richardsonii is a species of aquatic plant known by the common name Richardson 's pondweed .
Crocidura grandiceps is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Bruniales is a valid botanic name at the rank of order .
Siphonosphaera is a genus of Rhizaria , containing the following species :
Tsunyidiscus is a genus of eodiscinid agnostid trilobites .
Sparrmanniaceae is a segregate plant family , containing plants which have more commonly been classified in Malvaceae or Tiliaceae .
Pygidianops is a genus of pencil catfishes native to South America .
Ptychochromis oligacanthus is a species of cichlid endemic in fresh water habitats in the western part of the Antsiranana Province in Madagascar .
Wuttagoonaspidae is a family of primitive arthrodire placoderms from Early Devonian China and Middle Devonian Australia .
Peristernia forskalii , common name the Forsskal 's whelk , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , the tulip snails and their allies .
Ceratophyllum muricatum , commonly known as the prickly hornwort , is a species of Ceratophyllum native to much of Europe , Asia and Africa and been introduced elsewhere .
Praomys coetzeei is a species of mouse in the family Muridae .
Pilot whales are cetaceans belonging to the genus Globicephala .
Cedrorum azoricus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Cedrorum .
Alectryon ramiflorus is a species of endangered small seasonal rainforest trees , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
Lupinus sericeus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name silky lupine or Pursh 's silky lupine .
Astrabe is a genus of gobies native to the marine waters around Japan .
Dictyna latens is spider species found in Europe to Central Asia .
Polygonum cascadense is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Cascade knotweed .
Micrognathus is a genus of pipefishes , with these currently recognized species :
Mesorhizobium loti , formerly known as Rhizobium loti , is a Gram negative species of bacteria found in the root nodules of many plant species .
Santacruzodon is an extinct genus of synapsid which existed in Brazil during the Triassic period .
Aulacaspis yasumatsui , or cycad aulacaspis scale ( CAS ) , is a scale insect species in the genus Aulacaspis that feeds on cycad species such as Cycas revoluta or Dioon purpusii ( Purpus ' cycad ) .
Colchicum trigynum is a species of plants native to Turkey , Iran and the Caucasus , often grown as an ornamental plant outside its native range .
Acer pensylvanicum ( striped maple , also known as moosewood and moose maple ) is a small North American species of maple .
Ceratotherium mauritanicum is a species of fossil African rhinoceros found in the Late Pliocene to earliest Holocene of Morocco , Tunisia , and Algeria .
Crataegus pycnoloba is a species of hawthorn native to the mountains of the northern and central Peloponnesus of Greece .
Apocynum venetum is a plant species in the dogbane family , poisonous but used as a source of fiber , medicine , and nectar for production of honey .
Temnopleuridea is an infraorder of sea urchins in the order Camaradonta .
Ophrys omegaifera , the Omega Bee - orchid , is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean region from Portugal and Morocco to Syria .
Paraplatyptilia sabourini and Paraplatyptilia watkinsi are cryptic species differentiated by diagnostic characters in female genitalia .
Hemiphylacus is a genus of flowering plants endemic to Mexico .
Anostoma octodentatum , common name Brazilian up - mouth snail , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae .
Pterobrycon is a genus of characins found in Colombia and Costa Rica .
The Two - flowered Bulbophyllum ( Bulbophyllum biflorum ) is a species of orchid .
Allium bolanderi is a species of wild onion known by the common name Bolander 's onion .
Labordia pumila ( Kauai labordia ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family .
Lecanicillium lecanii is now an approved name of an entomopathogenic fungus species , that was previously widely known as Verticillium lecanii ( Zimmerman ) Viegas ) , but is now understood to be an anamorphic form in the Cordyceps group of genera in the Clavicipitaceae .
Pangasius pangasius , the Pangas catfish , is a species of shark catfish native to fresh and brackish waters of Bangladesh , India , Myanmar , and Pakistan .
Coprinellus micaceus is a common species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae with a cosmopolitan distribution .
Cibotium regale , common name royal cibotium or royal Mexican tree fern , is a species of tropical tree fern belonging to the family Cibotiaceae .
Eleutherodactylus weinlandi is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to eastern Hispaniola ; it is found in the Dominican Republic and central Haiti .
Cylindraspis is a genus of recently extinct giant tortoises .
Xenobalistes tumidipectoris is a species of triggerfish found in the western central Pacific Ocean .
Potentilla villosa is a species of flowering plant in the rose family , Rosaceae .
Dictyoceratida is an order of sponges in the subclass Ceractinomorpha containing five families .
Callionymus rivatoni is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean around New Caledonia .
Lirularia acuticostata , common name the sharp - keeled lirularia , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Petersianthus quadrialatus ( also called Toog and Philippine Rosewood ) is a emergent tropical rainforest tree species in the Lecythidaceae family .
Amphizoa sinica is a species of beetle in the Amphizoidae family .
Coenobita brevimanus is a species of land hermit crab native to the east coast of Africa and the south west Pacific Ocean .
The genus name composed of the Greek μέγας ( mega ) , meaning great , pharangos , meaning gully , and ἀσπίς ( aspis ) shield , referencing Big Gully on Kangaroo Island , the only known site where fossils of Megapharanaspis were collected .
Hymenocallis acutifolia is a plant species first described in 1826 with the name Hymenocallis littoralis var . acutifolia .
Orcuttia inaequalis is a rare species of grass known by the common name San Joaquin Valley Orcutt grass .
Clostridium cadaveris is usually considered non - pathogenic ; unlike other species of Clostridium , it does not produce toxins . Clostridium cadaveris is found in soil , water , and is a normal component of the human intestinal tract .
Dendropithecus is an extinct genus of apes native to East Africa between 20 and 15 million years ago .
Lepanthes papillipetala is a species of orchid found from Mexico ( Chiapas ) to El Salvador .
Eopeachella is an extinct genus of trilobites , fossil marine arthropods , with species of probably small size ( largest headshield ( or cephalon ) 1.1 centimetres or 0.43 inches long ) , entire , articulate specimens have not yet been found .
Clarias batu ( sometimes known under the common name Tioman walking catfish ) is a species of clariid catfish .
Gigantodax is a genus of 68 species of black flies distributed along the Andes from Mexico to Tierra del Fuego in Argentina .
Carabus agnatus is a species of black or purple - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that is can be found in Georgia and Russia .
The Agathidinae are a subfamily of braconid parasitic wasps .
Dissosteira is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae found in North America .
Crocus versicolor is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae , found in southeast France , Monaco , and Northwestern Italy .
The South Georgia shag is one of the blue - eyed shags , sometimes placed in the genera Leucocarbo , and a subspecies of the imperial shag .
The Platystomatidae ( signal flies ) are a distinctive family of flies ( Diptera ) .
The Cuban pewee or crescent - eyed pewee ( Contopus caribaeus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Sonatsa is a genus of marine , mud - dwelling polychaete worms containing the sole species Sonatsa meridionalis .
Cicadulina mbila , the maize leafhopper , is a leafhopper species in the genus Cicadulina .
Galerina sulciceps is a dangerously toxic species of fungus in the family Strophariaceae , of the order Agaricales .
Mahonia aquifolium ( Oregon - grape or Oregon grape ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae , native to western North America .
Laemanctus is a genus of corytophanid lizards , commonly referred to as conehead lizards or casquehead iguanas , which are endemic to Central America .
Uncaria rhynchophylla ( simplified Chinese : 钓钩藤 ; traditional Chinese : 釣鉤藤 ; pinyin : diào gōu téng ; literally : `` fish hook vine '' ) or the cat 's claw herb is a plant species used in traditional Chinese medicine .
The secretive behavior of Abbott 's duiker , along with its largely nocturnal habits and preference for dense vegetation , means little is known about the ecology and behavior of this species .
Caldilinea aerophila is a species of filamentous thermophilic bacteria , and the type species of its genus .
Euphorbia remyi ( syn . Chamaesyce remyi ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Remy 's sandmat .
Stagonosuchus is an extinct genus of rauisuchid rauisuchian .
Downingia montana is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Sierra calicoflower .
Athous angulifrons is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family that is endemic to Kamnik--
Propilidium reticulatum , common name the reticulate cocculina , is a species of sea snail , a true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lepetidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Aglaia spectabilis ( Thai : ตาเสือใหญ่ , Khmer bangkeou damrei ) is a species of tree in the Meliaceae family .
Chaenopsis megalops is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Colombia , in the western central Atlantic Ocean .
Triviella ovulata , common name `` baby 's toes '' , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae , the trivias .
Eumastacoidea is a superfamily within the order Orthoptera .
Calliostoma formosense , common name the Formosa top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Betula raddeana is a species of plant in the Betulaceae family .
Calliphora hilli is a blow fly species in the genus Calliphora .
Pseudoniphargus grandimanus is a species of crustacean in family Hadziidae .
Pachydactylus vansoni , commonly known as Van Son 's thick - toed gecko , is a species of gecko , which is endemic to Southern Africa .
Dyckia milagrensis is a plant species of the genus Dyckia , native to Bahia , Brazil .
Zoanthids ( order Zoantharia also called Zoanthidea or Zoanthiniaria ) are an order of cnidarians commonly found in coral reefs , the deep sea and many other marine environments around the world .
Semicassis thomsoni is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cassidae , the helmet shells and their allies .
Argemone is a genus of flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae commonly known as prickly poppies .
Draba californica is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family , known as the California draba .
Papilio syfanius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in China .
It contains the single species Atelophleps tridesma , which is found in Australia .
Conyza ramosissima ( dwarf horseweed ) is a species of North American plants in the daisy family .
Geranium platypetalum , commonly called glandular crane's - bill or broad - petaled geranium , is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family .
Some authors consider Noctua janthe and Noctua janthina to be the same species .
Chaetocladus capitatus is an extinct species of green algae in the genus Chaetocladus , which existed in what is now Cornwallis Island , Arctic Canada , during the Silurian period .
Kinosternoidea is a superfamily of aquatic turtles , which included two families :
The Merulinidae are a family of reef - building stony corals .
Vologdinella is a genus of fossils that , while historically aligned to the cephalopods ( family Volborthellidae ) , has since been removed from this group , The organism bears superficial resemblance to Salterella , although it is now thought to be a dasycladacean alga .
Suriana is a monotypic genus of flowering plants containing only Suriana maritima , which is commonly known as bay cedar .
The Lycoperdales are a now outdated order of fungi .
Hemilytoceras is a lytoceratin ammonite genus with round inner whorls , outer whorls becoming depressed and in some developing high lamellae ( ribs ) that bend forward over the venter .
Periophthalmodon is a genus of mudskippers found along muddy shores , estuaries and lower reaches of rivers in Southeast Asia , Papua New Guinea and Queensland , Australia .
Rhyparella decempunctata is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Rhyparella of the family Tephritidae .
Pogonopoma parahybae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Paraíba do Sul river basin , where it occurs in areas of mid to strong water current usually associated with rocky substrate .
Lyonothamnus is a monotypic genus of trees in the rose family containing the single living species Lyonothamnus floribundus , which is known by the common name Catalina ironwood , and the subspecies L. f. ssp .
Bario steindachneri is a species of characin from Brazil and Peru .
Dorcadion pedestre is a species of a longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily .
Aerides crispa is a species of epiphytic orchid native to western India .
Calliandra elegans is a plant species in the genus Calliandra found in Brazil .
Brachinus plagiatus is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Albania , Bulgaria , France , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Moldova , Slovakia , southern part of Russia , all states of former Yugoslavia ( except for Macedonia ) , and in Western Europe .
Oonops hasselti is a spider species found in Scandinavia .
Calochortus nuttallii is a species within the genus Calochortus , in a sub - group generally referred to as Mariposa Lilies .
The genus Helwingia consists of shrubs native to eastern Asia , the Himalayas , and northern Indochina .
Nuxia floribunda ( forest elder , forest nuxia or wild elder ) is a species of tree in the Stilbaceae family , that is native to moist regions of southern Africa , East Africa and central tropical Africa .
Piratula hurkai is a wolf spider species found in Ukraine , Russia , Georgia and Abkhazia .
Pampatheriidae ( `` Pampas beasts '' ) is an extinct family of large plantigrade armored xenarthrans related to Glyptodontidae , an extinct family of much larger and more heavily armored xenarthrans , as well as to smaller extant armadillos ( Dasypodidae ) .
Trisetum fuscum , Tufted bulrush or deer 's hair sedge , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is native to North America .
Steindachnerina elegans is a fish species in the genus Steindachnerina found in rivers in Bahia and Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Caristius is a genus of manefishes native to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans .
Acanthemblemaria hastingsi , the Cortez barnacle blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in the Gulf of California , in the eastern Pacific ocean .
Paraderpas decellei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paraderpas .
Plioplatecarpus is a genus of mosasaur lizard .
Abarenicola pacifica or the Pacific lugworm is a large species of polychaete worm found on the west coast of North America and also in Japan .
Rhododendron rubiginosum ( 红棕杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to Myanmar , and Sichuan , Xizang , and Yunnan in China , where it grows at altitudes of 2800 - -3600 meters .
Colius is a bird genus in the family Coliidae .
Amolops himalayanus ( Himalaya sucker frog , Himalaya cascade frog , or Himalaya frog ) is a species of frog found in northeastern India and Nepal .
Alcanivorax pacificus is a species of pyrene - degrading bacteria .
Physalis viscosa is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by many common names , including starhair groundcherry , stellate ground - cherry and grape groundcherry in English , and arrebenta - cavalo , balãozinho , and camambú in Portuguese .
Pravitoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite .
Aborolabis mordax is a species of earwig in the genus Aborolabis , the family Anisolabididae , the suborder Forficulina , and the order Dermaptera .
Dolichoplomelas elongatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Dolichoplomelas .
Hemigrammus bleheri is a species of characin found in Amazon Basin in Brazil and Peru .
Sphagnum fallax , the flat - topped bogmoss , is a moss species in the genus Sphagnum
Astragalus albanicus , the Albanian astragalus , is a species of milkvetch that is endemic to the Abşeron and Gobustan districts of Azerbaijan .
Uroplatus phantasticus , the Baweng satanic leaf gecko , is a species of gecko indigenous to the island of Madagascar .
The Himalayan water shrew ( Chimarrogale himalayica ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Sphaerodactylus plummeri is a species of Sphaerodactylus , a very small gecko found in the Dominican Republic .
Alinguata is a genus of moth in the Alucitidae family containing only one species Alinguata neblina , which is found in Venezuela .
Gentianopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the gentian family known commonly as fringed gentians .
Papilio oxynius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Cuba .
Galactia smallii is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Small 's milkpea .
Acer barbinerve is an Asian species of maple found in Korea , eastern Russia , and northeastern China ( Heilongjiang , Jilin , Liaoning ) .
Schiedea kauaiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kauai schiedea .
Streptococcus mitior is a species of Streptococcus .
Pteromeris perplana , or the flat cardita , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae .
Cypraea pantherina , common name the panther cowry , is a species of large tropical sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Phyllomedusa is a genus of tree frog from Central and South America .
Aborichthys is a genus of stone loaches found in streams of India with one species also found in Myanmar .
Trichopezinae are a subfamily of empidoid flies .
Eooxylides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The species in this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone .
Zygodon gracilis , the slender yokemoss , is a moss species in the genus Zygodon .
Perleidiformes are an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish .
Blaesodactylus boivini ( commonly known as the Madagascar velvet gecko ) is a species of gecko found in northern Madagascar .
Pteralyxia is a genus of plants in family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1895 .
Cicuta maculata is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by several common names , including spotted water hemlock , spotted parsley , spotted cowbane , and the suicide root by the Iroquois .
The Pseudogarypidae are a small family of pseudoscorpions .
The lesser night gecko , Nactus coindemirensis , is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family .
Labidochromis shiranus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur along the western coast of the southeastern arm of the lake .
Pteridium esculentum , commonly known as Austral bracken or simply bracken , is a species of the bracken genus native to a number of countries in the Southern Hemisphere .
Argemone mexicana ( Mexican poppy , Mexican prickly poppy , flowering thistle , cardo or cardosanto ) is a species of poppy found in Mexico and now widely naturalized in many parts of the world .
Ornithoglossum is a genus of plants native to southern Africa , some of which are widely cultivated as ornamentals .
Martynia is a monotypic genus in the Martyniaceae consisting of a single species , Martynia annua , commonly known as the cat 's claw , and is endemic to Mexico .
Paphiopedilum glanduliferum is a species of orchid endemic to northwestern New Guinea ( Irian Jaya Coast , Northwestern New Guinea and Indonesia ) .
Ptilinus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Near East , the Nearctic , the Neotropical and North Africa .
Procambarus fallax is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus .
Potamornis is a prehistoric bird genus that dated back to the late Maastrichtian age of the late Cretaceous period .
Stereum sanguinolentum is a species of fungus in the Stereaceae family .
Conus pergrandis , common name the grand cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Cow sharks are a family , the Hexanchidae , of sharks characterized by an additional pair or pairs of gill slits .
Dendrotriton rabbi ( common name : Guatemalan bromeliad salamander ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Permocalculus is a genus of red algae known from Permian to Cretaceous strata .
Wisteria ( also spelled Wistaria or Wysteria ) is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae , that includes ten species of woody climbing bines native to the Eastern United States and to China , Korea , and Japan .
Erromenosteus is a genus of extinct , medium - sized brachythoracid arthrodire placoderm from the Late Frasnian of the Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Bad Wildungen and Bicken , Germany .
Carreramyia is a genus of hoverflies , with only one known species currently .
Extatosoma popa carlbergi is a subspecies of stick insect in the genus Extatosoma .
Centrocoris spiniger is a species of Coreidae family , subfamily Coreinae .
Peperomia caperata ( emerald ripple peperomia ) is a species of flowering plant in the Piperaceae family , native to Brazil .
Marisaurus ( meaning `` Mari lizard '' , for the Mari tribe of Pakistan ) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod from the Late Cretaceous of Balochistan , western Pakistan .
Nyssa yunnanensis is a species of tree in the Cornaceae family .
Paramugil is a genus of mugilid mullets found in coastal waters , estuaries and rivers in the western Pacific region , ranging from the South China Sea to Australia .
Patasola magdalenae is an extinct species of New World monkey known from a partial subadult mandible from Colombia , which dates to 12.5 - -13.7 million years ago .
The typical falconets , Microhierax , are a genus of bird of prey in the Falconidae family .
Pethia setnai is a species of cyprinid fish native to streams of the Western Ghats , India .
Afropone is an extinct genus of ant in the formicid subfamily Ponerinae , and is currently unplaced in any of the tribes of that subfamily .
Carinotetraodon imitator , commonly known as dwarf Malabar puffer , is a species of pufferfish found in rivers in the Western Ghats of India .
Ziziphus talanai , with common names are balakat , aligamen , and talanai , is a species of tree in the Rhamnaceae family .
Ophrys sphegodes , commonly known as the Early Spider - orchid , is a species of orchid found on alkaline meadows and waste land .
Algoasaurus ( /ælˌɡoʊ.əˈsɔrəs/ ; `` Algoa Bay reptile '' ) is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Tithonian - early Valanginian - age Late Jurassic - Early Cretaceous Upper Kirkwood Formation of Cape Province , South Africa .
The conopid genus Stylogaster is a group of unusual flies .
Euodice is a genus of estrildid songbirds that is recognized by some authorities while some include it within the genus Lonchura where it is treated as a subgenus .
Crinotonia is a genus of shrimp containing the two species C. anastasiae and C. attenuatus .
Eucalyptus pilligaensis , commonly known as the Pilliga Grey Box or Narrow leaved Grey Box , is a species of eucalypt native to eastern Australia .
Kryptopterus geminus is a species of catfish belonging to the family Siluridae .
Zebrasoma is a genus of surgeonfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Taonius is a small genus of glass squid .
Githopsis pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Sierra bluecup and largeflower bluecup .
The Gireoud 's Brassia ( Brassia gireoudiana ) is a species of orchid .
Nostoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the Campanian stage of the Upper Cretaceous , found in the USA , England , central Europe , west Africa , and Madagascar .
The Antillean siskin ( Spinus dominicensis ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Psychrobacter proteolyticus is a species of bacterium first isolated from the Antarctic krill Euphausia superba .
Gibbonsia montereyensis , the Crevice kelpfish , is a species of clinid found along the Pacific coast of North America from British Columbia , Canada , to Baja California , Mexico where it prefers areas close to the shore amongst algae .
Salinispora arenicola is an obligate marine actinomycetes bacterium species .
Rhamdia is a genus of three - barbeled catfishes found in Mexico , and Central and South America .
Alyxia squamulosa , commonly known as Alyxia Vine , is a species of shrub in the Apocynaceae family .
Microseris bigelovii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name coastal silverpuffs .
Osmorhiza is a genus of perennial herbs , known generally as sweet cicely , sweetcicely , or sweetroot .
Raorchestes anili ( Anil 's bush frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Calochortus ghiesbreghtii is a Mesoamerican species of plants in the lily family .
Gadomus is a genus of rattails in the family Bathygadidae .
Leptotyphlops longicaudus , or the long - tailed thread snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Hydrolycus is a genus of dogtooth characins from tropical South America .
Conradina grandiflora is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name largeflower false rosemary , or large - flowered rosemary .
Turneria dahlii is a species of ant in the genus Turneria .
Glaziellaceae is a family of fungi in the order Pezizales that contains the single monotypic genus Glaziella .
Stylogyne is a genus of shrubs and trees in the family Primulaceae .
Amauropsis islandica , common name the Iceland moonsnail , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae , the moon snails .
Cyphononyx optimus is a species of spider hunting wasps in the family Pompilidae .
Oxyjulis californica is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Pacific Ocean along the coasts of California and Baja California .
Allium trachycoleum is a Middle Eastern species of wild onion found in Israel , Palestine , Lebanon , Syria , Jordan , Turkey , and Iraq .
Pachyiulus dentiger is a species of millipede from Julidae family that can be found in Albania and Greece .
Calyptochloa gracillima is a species of grass ( family Poaceae ) and the only species of the genus Calyptochloa .
Frigidoalvania pelagica , common name the carinate alvania , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae .
Corchorus is a genus of about 40 - -100 species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae , native to tropical and subtropical regions throughout the world .
Prochoreutis argyrastra is a species of moth of the Choreutidae family .
Melathrix praetextella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Melathrix .
Fusinus syracusanus , common name Syracusan Spindle Shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , the tulip snails and their allies .
Koelga is an extinct genus of prawn in the order Decapoda .
Brachyglenis is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present only in the Neotropical ecozone .
Banksia ser . Dryandra is a series of 94 species of shrub to small tree in the plant genus Banksia .
Xuanhuaceratops is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period ( dated to 167.7 - -161.2 million years ago ) .
Polyommatus is a diverse genus of butterflies . The members ( species ) are found in the Palearctic ecozone .
Macrophthalmus is a genus of crabs which are widespread across the Indo - Pacific .
Rudbeckia hirta , commonly called black - eyed - susan , is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family , native to the Eastern and Central North America and naturalized in the Western part of the continent as well as in China .
Scolomys ucayalensis , also known as the long - nosed scolomys or Ucayali spiny mouse is a nocturnal rodent species from South America .
The African openbill ( Anastomus lamelligerus ) is a species of stork in the Ciconiidae family .
Secernosaurus ( meaning `` severed lizard '' ) is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur .
Eumastacidae are a family of grasshoppers sometimes known as monkey- or matchstick grasshoppers .
Kreodanthus is a small genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) belonging to the subfamily Orchidoideae .
Elegia inconspicuella is a species of snout moth in the genus Elegia .
Mycena rosella , commonly known as the pink bonnet , is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family .
Epistomentis pictus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Epistomentis .
Myriotrema endoflavescens is a species of lichen in the family Thelotremataceae .
Elysia lobata is a species of sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Plakobranchidae .
Acanthobrama marmid , or the Mesopotamian bream , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Paedophryne swiftorum is a species of frog from Papua New Guinea discovered in 2008 and formally described in January 2012 .
Escobaria sneedii ( syn . Coryphantha sneedii ) is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Sneed 's pincushion cactus and carpet foxtail cactus .
Yasuhikotakia ( Mekong loaches ) is a genus of botiid loaches , many which are popular aquarium fish .
Prosopium is a genus of freshwater whitefishes found in North America and parts of eastern Russia .
Stingless bees , sometimes called stingless honey bees or simply meliponines , are a large group of bees ( about 500 species ) , comprising the tribe Meliponini ( or subtribe Meliponina according to other authors ) .
Ivesia sericoleuca is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Plumas mousetail , or Plumas ivesia .
Acromantis satsumensis is a species of praying mantis native to Japan .
Cercocarpus fothergilloides is a Mexican plant species in the rose family .
Ptarmus is a genus of velvetfishes native to the western Indian Ocean .
Phalacrocarpum is a genus of plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family , native to the Iberian Peninsula .
Aerenica canescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aerenica .
Coprosma arborea is a species found in New Zealand .
Anopterus is a genus of two species of shrubs or small trees .
Botrychium is a genus of ferns , seedless vascular plants .
Pinnotheres is a genus of crabs , including the pea crab and New Zealand pea crab .
The family Rhynchocinetidae are a group of small , reclusive red - and - white shrimp .
Limonium ramosissimum , Algerian sea lavender , is a species of sea lavender ( Limonium ) native to the Mediterranean region .
Iniistius trivittatus is a species of wrasse currently only known from the Pacific waters off Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Pseudemys is a genus of large , herbivorous , freshwater turtles of the eastern United States and adjacent northeast Mexico .
Polygala intermontana is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common name Intermountain milkwort .
Discolampa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The genus ranges from Sri Lanka to New Guinea .
Taringa pinoi is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell - less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae .
Melicope micrococca is a target species for many insects , including butterflies in the family Papilionidae .
Dudleya is a genus of succulent perennials , consisting of about 45 species in southwest North America .
Vexillum amandum , common name : the Amanda mitre , is a species of small sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae , the ribbed miters .
Astelia menziesiana is a species of plant in the Asteliaceae family that is endemic to the state of Hawaii in the United States .
Liubangosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur which lived during the Early Cretaceous in what is now southern China .
Limnephilidae is a family of caddisflies with about 100 genera .
Octopoteuthis deletron is a species of squid in the genus Octopoteuthis of the family Octopoteuthidae .
Vayssierea felis is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Okadaiidae .
Mimela junii is a species of shining leaf chafer belonging to the family Scarabeidae subfamily Rutelinae .
Clarkia lassenensis is a species of wildflower known by the common name Lassen clarkia .
Stemodia durantifolia is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names whitewoolly twintip and purple stemodia .
Flaveria bidentis , the coastal plain yellowtops , is a South American plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family .
Odontoglossum , first named in 1816 by Karl Sigismund Kunth , is a genus of about 100 orchids .
Bromus arizonicus is a species of brome grass known by the common name Arizona brome .
Hackelia bella is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name greater showy stickseed .
It contains only one species , Catazetema trivialis , which is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Allium oreoprasum is a species of wild onion native to Central Asia .
The Kazbeg birch mouse ( Sicista kazbegica ) is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae .
Geranium ibericum , commonly called Caucasian crane's - bill or ( in North America ) Iberian geranium or Caucasus geranium , is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family .
Rhizodus ( root tooth ) is an extinct genus of rhizodont , a branch of the Sarcopterygii , the bony vertebrate clade that also includes tetrapods .
Branchiosaurus ( Greek for `` gill lizard '' ) is a genus of small , lightly built early prehistoric amphibians .
Viola rotundifolia , common name roundleaf yellow violet , is a plant species of the genus Viola .
Epipactis , or Helleborine , is a genus of terrestrial orchids consisting of approximately 70 species .
The genus Eharius contains the following species :
Microchloa , smallgrass , is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family , native to Africa , southern Asia , northern Australia , and the warmer parts of the Western Hemisphere .
Pseudoperonospora cubensis is a species of water mould known for causing downy mildew on cucurbits such as cantaloupe , cucumber , pumpkin , squash and watermelon .
Cylicioscapha is an extinct genus of fossil mollusk , probably a gastropod , a robust - looking euomphalid from the upper Paleozoic of North America .
Lactarius repraesentaneus , commonly known as the northern bearded milkcap , the northern milkcap , or the purple - staining milkcap , is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family .
Formosania is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches , most of which are endemic to mainland China .
Leptosolena is a genus of plants in the Zingiberaceae .
Brachyphylla is a genus of leaf - nosed bats in the family Phyllostomidae .
Acetobacter is a genus of acetic acid bacteria .
Absidia is a genus of fungi in the family Cunninghamellaceae .
Bruceomyces is a fungal genus in the division Ascomycota , containing the single species Bruceomyces castoris .
Coreoleuciscus splendidus , also known as the swiri or Korean splendid dace , is a species of fish from the cyprinid family endemic to rivers of the Korean peninsula .
Eucalyptus todtiana is a species of tree native to south - western Australia .
Artemisia borealis is an arctic and alpine species plants of the sunflower family .
Gonyleptidae is a neotropical family of harvestmen ( Order Opiliones ) with more than 800 species , the largest in the Suborder Laniatores and the second largest of the Opiiones as a whole .
Aiakas is a genus of eelpouts containing two species .
Petersianthus is a genus of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family first described as a genus in 1865 under the name Petersia .
Marginella ornata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Crepidodera lamina is a species of flea beetles from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Benelux , Italy , Spain , Ukraine , Yugoslavian states , Central Europe , and European part of Turkey .
The insect family Corduliidae contains the emerald dragonflies or green - eyed skimmers .
Alloteropsis ( from the Greek allotrios ( `` strange '' ) and opsis ( `` appearance '' ) ) is a genus of Old World plants in the grass family .
Ceanothus cordulatus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names mountain whitethorn and whitethorn ceanothus .
Columnea orientandina is a plant species from Ecuador .
Miturgidae is a family of araneomorph spiders , including nearly 160 species in about 33 genera worldwide .
Canthigaster supramacula , known as the West African Sharpnose - puffer , is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae .
Romulea is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family , first described as a genus in 1772 .
Saraca dives , is a tree species in genus Saraca belonging to the legume family , native to China , Laos , and Vietnam .
Elenchus maorianus is a parasitic insect species in the genus Elenchus found in New Zealand .
The genus is the only member of the family Eotrogulidae and contains one species Eotrogulus fayoli .
Argyrochosma jonesii , with the common name is Jones ' false cloak fern , is a species of fern native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
Cellana radians , common name the golden limpet , is a species of true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae , which is one of the true limpet families .
Nebria rubripes is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in France and Spain .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Australiaena streimannii .
Calandrinia ciliata is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names fringed redmaids and red - maids .
Ammorhynchus is an extinct genus of hyperodapedontid rhynchosaur from middle Triassic ( Anisian stage ) deposits of Navajo County , Arizona .
Leptogyra is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Melanodrymiidae , belonging to the clade Neomphalina .
Venustilifer bountyensis is a species of small deep - water sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae .
Sonneratia hainanensis ( also called Hainan sonneratia ) is a species of plant in the Lythraceae family .
Xyliphius magdalenae is a species of banjo catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Magdalena River basin .
Heteroponera is a genus of ants in the subfamily Heteroponerinae .
Charnia is the genus name given to a frond - like Ediacaran lifeform with segmented , leaf - like ridges branching alternately to the right and left from a zig - zag medial suture ( thus exhibiting glide reflection , or opposite isometry ) .
Gymnoschoenus is a genus of tussock - forming grasses in the Cyperaceae family .
The orange - bellied lizard , Liolaemus pictus , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Fuscospora alessandrii ( ruil ) is a species of plant in the family Nothofagaceae , commonly known as the southern beeches .
Liparis hawaiensis , common name Hawai'i widelip orchid , is a species of orchid that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands .
Arabis aculeolata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Waldo rockcress .
Rhabdoblennius nitidus , the Barred - chin blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean .
Grisebachianthus is a genus of Cuban flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Trachyglanis minutus is a species of loach catfish found in the Ubangi River in the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Clavaria zollingeri , commonly known as the violet coral or the magenta coral , is a widely distributed species of fungus .
Knautia is a genus in the family Caprifoliaceae .
Aphalanthus conradti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aphalanthus .
Notropis imeldae , the sardinita de Rio Verde , is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
In 1988 , because there was already a Salvia species from China named `` Salvia dolichantha '' ( 1934 ) , Gabriel Alziar renamed the plant to the current Salvia whitehousei , in honor of Eula Whitehouse .
Amphiporus lactifloreus is a species of ribbon worm in the phylum Nemertea .
Janthina pallida , also known as the pale janthina , is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae , the violet snails or purple storm snails .
Megacephala germaini is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1865 , and can be found in Argentina and Bolivia .
Euphorbia mercurialina ( mercury spurge ) is a species of plant in the spurge family .
Neomphalidae is a family of sea snails or limpets , specifically deep sea hydrothermal vent limpets .
Archaeogastropoda ( also known as Aspidobranchia ) was a taxonomic order of sea snails used in older classifications of gastropods , i.e. snails and slugs .
Allium robinsonii , the Columbia River Onion or Robinson 's onion , is a rare plant species native to the US States of Washington and Oregon , although some studies suggest that the Oregon populations may now be extinct .
Melica penicillaris is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Inner Anatolia , Turkey where it grows in bushy hills , rocky slopes , on limestone and on gullies at the elevation of 1,000 - -1,800 metres ( 3,300 - -5,900 ft ) .
Cernuella virgata , also known as Helicella virgata , common name , the `` vineyard snail '' , is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Crapatalus is a genus of southern sandfishes native to the coastal waters of Australia and New Zealand .
Ameles syriensis is a species of praying mantis found in Syria and Turkey .
Prostanthera ovalifolia , known as the oval - leaf mintbush or purple mintbush , is one of about 90 Australian endemic species from the genus Prostanthera .
Conus spectrum , common name the spectre cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Solidago velutina , the threenerve goldenrod or velvety goldenrod , is a plant species native to Mexico and to the western United States .
Hemimyzon khonensis is a species of hillstream loach in the genus Hemimyzon .
Leptodactylus discodactylus ( common name : Vanzolini 's Amazon frog ) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family .
Cardiocrinum cathayanum is a species of Chinese plants in the lily family , with large showy flowers .
Kardiasperma is an extinct genus of flowering plant in the hazelnut family , Betulaceae , containing the single species Kardiasperma parvum .
Lavatera thuringiaca , the garden tree - mallow , is a species of Lavatera native to eastern Europe and southwestern Asia , from southern Germany south to Italy , and east to southern Russia , Kazakhstan , and Turkey .
Dolichognatha is a widespread genus of tropical and subtropical spiders .
Paraclinus fehlmanni is a species of labrisomid blenny only known from the Pacific coast of Ecuador where it is found in tide pools down to depths of 2 metres ( 6.6 ft ) .
Lamida moncusalis , the cashew shoot and blossom webber , is a species of snout moth in the genus Lamida .
The genus is near - endemic to Southern Africa , Sceliages augias exceptionally ranging as far north as the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Boswellia frereana is a species of plant native to northern Somalia where the locals call it `` Dhidin '' or `` Maydi '' ( other spellings include : Meydi , Meyti , Maidi , Maieti , and Mayeti ) or the king of all frankincense .
Tripterygion melanurus is a species of fish in the family Tripterygiidae , the threefin blennies .
Vitex urceolata is a species of plant in the family Verbenaceae .
Eleutherodactylus verrucipes ( Spanish : Rana - chirrionera Orejona ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Cyathula officinalis ( English common names : Cyathula root , Radix Cyathula , Ox Knee , Chinese : Chuan Niu Xi ) , is a species of Cyathula native to the China ( Guizhou , Hebei , Shanxi , Sichuan , Yunnan , Zhejiang ) and Nepal .
Narcissus hispanicus , the Spanish daffodil , or Great daffodil , is a plant species native to France , Spain and Portugal .
Buthus montanus is a scorpion species found in the mountain ranges of southeastern Spain
Liometopum stygium is an extinct species of Miocene ants in the genus Liometopum .
Dendrophylax filiformis is a species of orchid native to Cuba , Hispaniola , Jamaica and Puerto Rico .
Aquilegia elegantula is a species of columbine known by the common name western red columbine .
Nuxia glomerulata is a species of plant in the Stilbaceae family .
Agapanthia asphodeli is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Algeria , Central , Eastern and Western Europe , Tunisia and Turkey .
Pipturus albidus , known as māmaki ( sometimes waimea , for its resemblance to olomea ) in Hawaiian and known as Waimea pipturus in English , is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family , Urticaceae , that is endemic to Hawaiʻi .
Phytolacca pruinosa , ( Levantine Pokeweed ) is a species of plant in the Phytolaccaceae family .
Echinocereus subinermis is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family Cactaceae , native to north , northwestern , and central Mexico .
Neacomys musseri , also known as Musser 's neacomys or Musser 's bristly mouse , is a rodent species from South America .
Nebria arinae is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae family that is endemic to Altai region of Russia .
Yueosaurus was first named by Wenjie Zheng , Xingsheng Jin , Masateru Shibata , Yoichi Azuma and Fangming Yu in 2012 and the type species is Yueosaurus tiantaiensis .
Acromyrmex crassispinus is a species of leaf - cutter ant , a New World ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae found in the wild naturally throughout South America , especially in Argentina and Paraguay .
Tubulariidae is a family of hydroid cnidarians .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Bovicornua intricata , described as new to science in 1993 .
Cerapachys coecus is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Sri Lanka .
Phileurus didymus is a species of wood - feeding beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family .
Acanthinucella spirata is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Mesoplodont whales are fifteen species of toothed whale in the genus Mesoplodon , making it the largest genus in the cetacean order .
Allium tubiflorum is a plant species native to China ( Gansu , Hebei , Henan , Hubei , Shaanxi , Shanxi , Sichuan ) at elevations less than 2000 m. Allium tubiflorum is one of the few species of Allium lacking the characteristic onion / garlic scent .
Cnidium monnieri ( L. ) Cusson ex Juss . , Monnier 's snowparsley , is a flowering plant species in the genus Cnidium .
Heterometrus spinifer , the Giant Forest Scorpion or Giant Blue Scorpion , is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Scorpionidae .
Clelia scytalina , commonly known as the Mexican snake eater or zopilota de altura ( highland mussarana ) , is a species of colubrid snake endemic to the New World .
Gibbaranea bituberculata is a species of ' orbweavers ' belonging to the family Araneidae subfamily Araneinae .
Ranularia trilineata , common name : the Three - lined Triton , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae , the triton snails , triton shells or tritons .
Leea tinctoria is a species of plant in the Leeaceae family .
Arnioceras is an extinct genus of large , evolute , discoidal ammonite from the Lower Jurassic .
Lepiota nirupama is a species of agaric fungus of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales .
The giant talking catfish or giant raphael catfish ( Megalodoras uranoscopus ) is a species of thorny catfish that is native to the Amazon Basin in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Harpalus salinus klementzae is a subspecies of ground beetle native to Central Asia , where it could be found in such countries as Mongolia , Chinese province of Xinjiang , and Russian autonomous regions such as Buryat Republic , Chita , Irkutsk , and Maritime Province .
Macrobrachium lar is a species of freshwater shrimp found throughout the Indo - West Pacific area , ranging from East Africa through to the Marquesas Islands and was first described in 1798 .
Vasconcellea pulchra is a species of plant in the Caricaceae family .
Caryophyllia smithii , the Devonshire cup coral , is a species of solitary coral in the family Caryophylliidae .
Trinectes is a genus of American soles native to the Americas .
Galium bifolium is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names twinleaf bedstraw and low mountain bedstraw .
Eoplectreurys is an extinct monotypic genus of spider from the family Plectreuridae , with a sole species , Eoplectreurys gertschi .
Metacrinus rotundus , the Japanese sea lily , is a marine invertebrate , a species of stalked crinoid in the family Isselicrinidae .
Farlowella nattereri is a species of armored catfish of the family native to Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Guyana and Peru .
Lyriothemis acigastra is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known from India .
Tabanus eggeri is a Mediterranean species of biting horse - fly , found in southern France , Italy , Albania , Croatia , Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Portugal and Morocco .
Disciotis venosa , commonly known as the bleach cup , veiny cup fungus , or the cup morel is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae .
Passiflora alata , the winged - stem passion flower , is a species of flowering plant .
Percrocutidae is an extinct family of hyena - like feliform carnivores endemic to Asia , Africa , and Southern Europe from the Miocene through the Pliocene , existing for about 17.41 million years .
Calotropis is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family , Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1810 .
Niphidium crassifolium commonly known as the graceful fern is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family found in Central and South America .
Orthocis juglandis is a species of tree - fungus beetle in Ciidae family which can be found in Austria , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Kosovo , Montenegro , Serbia , and Voivodina .
Platydemus is a genus of large predatory land flatworms , terrestrial planarians in the family Geoplanidae .
Eulima patula ( known commonly as the Largemouth Eulima ) a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae .
Hippolais is a genus of tree warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
Herrera 's mud turtle ( Kinosternon herrerai ) is a species of mud turtle in the family Kinosternidae .
Chalcophaps is a small genus of doves .
Barbeya oleoides is the only species of its family ( Barbeyaceae ) .
Trichopilia suavis is a species of orchid found from Central America to Colombia .
Calycadenia pauciflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name smallflower western rosinweed .
Comocladia dodonaea , with common names poison ash , and Christmas bush , is a species of tree in the cashew family , Anacardiaceae .
Bouteloua barbata is a species of grass known by the common name six - weeks grama .
Agave vilmoriniana , sometimes misspelled vilmoriana , and popularly known as Octopus agave , is a species of agave endemic to Mexico .
Triturus is a genus of newts comprising the crested and the marbled newts , which are found from Great Britain through most of continental Europe to westernmost Siberia , Anatolia , and the Caspian Sea region .
Regina rigida , commonly known as the crayfish snake , is a species of snake endemic to the southeastern United States .
Ternstroemia subsessilis , the el yunque colorado , is a species of plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family .
Dodekablennos fraseri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean , around Réunion and Mauritius .
The name of the species dates back to 1859 , but this is an uncertain figure because of the uncertainty that Mus nitidulus was indeed a separate species from Mus cervicolor .
Amolops mantzorum ( Sichuan torrent frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Eorasaurus is an extinct genus of archosauromorph known from the middle Late Permian ( late Capitanian or early Wuchiapingian age ) of Tatarstan , European Russia .
Viola selkirkii is a species of violet known by the common names Selkirk 's violet and great - spur violet .
Gerlachea australis is a species of Antarctic dragonfish found at depths of from 200 to 670 metres ( 660 to 2,200 ft ) over the Antarctic continental shelf .
Rhododendron liliiflorum ( 百合花杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to Guangxi , Guizhou , Hunan , and southeast Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 2800 - -4500 meters .
Salvelinus taranetzi , also known as the Taranetz char , is a species of salmonid fish native to Chukotka , Russia .
Chrysothamnus depressus called Long - flowered rabbitbrush , is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Podisma pedestris is a species of ' short - horned grasshoppers ' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Melanoplinae .
Eucobresia nivalis is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae , the glass snails .
Kaiwhekea is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous ( Maastrichtian age ) of what is now New Zealand .
Histomonas meleagridis is species of parasitic protozoan that infects a wide range of birds including chickens , turkeys , peafowl , quail and pheasants , causing blackhead disease , infectious enterohepatitis , or histomoniasis .
Clubiona subtilis is a spider species with Palearctic distibition .
Biomphalaria havanensis , common name the ghost rams - horn , is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Ponerorchis is a small genus of Asian terrestrial tuberous orchids included in the orchid family Orchidaceae .
Kibunea minuta is a species of beetle from a family of elateridae in a genus of Kibunea .
Amblysomus is a genus of golden moles ( also `` African golden moles '' and `` South African golden moles '' ) in the golden mole family , Chrysochloridae .
Diaeretiella rapae is a cosmopolitan parasitoid of many species of aphids , but especially the cabbage aphid , Brevicoryne brassicae .
Trifolium microcephalum is a species of clover known by the common names smallhead clover and small - headed clover .
Violales is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants and takes its name from the included family Violaceae .
Porcellana is a genus of decapod crustaceans in the widespread family Porcellanidae , the porcelain crabs , which superficially resemble true crabs .
Julia burni is a species of a sea snail with shell of two separate hinged pieces or valves , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Juliidae .
Ericameria discoidea , called Whitestem goldenbush or sharp - scale goldenweed or Whitestem goldenbush or sharp - scale goldenweed , is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name whitestem goldenbush .
Yushania is a genus of bamboo in the grass family .
The oral sclerite in the Calliphora quadrimaculata is short compared to other species in the same family .
Cleistesiopsis bifaria , the Smaller spreading pogonia , is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the eastern United States , along the Appalachian Mountains from West Virginia to Alabama .
Myrmelachista schumanni , also known as the lemon ant , is a species of ant that is notable for the creation of Devil 's garden .
Calodendrum is a genus of medium - sized evergreen trees comprising two species from Africa .
Ornithonyssus bursa is a species of mite .
Englerodendron is a small genus of legumes that are native to tropical Africa .
Cola boxiana is a species of medium tree in the Malvaceae family .
Juniperus macrocarpa ( large - fruited juniper , syn . J. oxycedrus subsp . macrocarpa ( Sibth . & Sm . ) Ball ) is a species of juniper , native across the northern Mediterranean region from southwestern Spain east to western Turkey and Cyprus , growing on coastal sand dunes from sea level up to 75 m altitude .
Epicrates fordii , known commonly as the Haitian ground boa , is a species of snake in the Boidae family .
Coprinopsis picacea is a species of fungus in the Psathyrellaceae .
Cissus antarctica ( synonym Cissus oblongata ) , called `` kangaroo vine '' , is one of the best known species of the genus Cissus in the family of Vitaceae .
Blechnum novae - zelandiae , commonly known as palm - leaf fern or kiokio , is a species of fern found in New Zealand .
Saxifraga rivularis is a species of saxifrage known by several common names , including highland saxifrage , weak saxifrage , alpine brook saxifrage , and pygmy saxifrage .
Kozakia baliensis is a species of acetic acid bacteria , with type strain Yo-3 T (= NRIC 0488 T = JCM 11301 T = IFO 16664 T = DSM 14400 T ) .
Marginella floccata ( Wooly Marginella ) is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Influenza A virus causes influenza in birds and some mammals , and is the only species of influenza virus A. Influenza virus A is a genus of the Orthomyxoviridae family of viruses .
Thrinaxodontidae is an extinct family of cynodonts that includes the genera Thrinaxodon , Nanictosaurus , Nanocynodon , and Novocynodon , and possibly Bolotridon and Platycraniellus .
Papilio inopinatus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Romang , Babar , Damar and Tanimbar .
Uranotaenia moultoni is a species of mosquito in the genus Uranotaenia .
Chinavia aseada is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae that is endemic to Passo Fundo , Brazil .
Bactrocera dorsalis is a species of tephritid fruit fly that is endemic to Southeast Asia , but has also been introduced to Hawaii , the Mariana Islands and Tahiti .
Succinea antiqua is an extinct species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
Stagmatoptera is a genus consisting of 14 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae .
Cyathea ledermannii is a species of tree fern native to Papua New Guinea and Bougainville Province in the Solomon Islands , where it is common in submontane rain forest at an altitude of 1000 - 3000 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and grows to about 3 m in height .
Abelia spathulata is a species of Abelia in the honeysuckle family .
Cyrtodactylus yangbayensis , also known as the Yangbay Bent - toed Gecko , is a species of gecko found in Khánh Hòa Province , Vietnam .
Citharacanthus livingstoni is a species of New world tarantula in the Theraphosidae family .
Vertigo heldi is a species of minute , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae , the whorl snail .
Its only described species , Diagondas viridiaureus , is found in Brazil .
Miomantis abyssinica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Miomantis in the order Mantodea , native to North Africa .
Thoracosaurus is an extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian which existed during the Late Cretaceous and early Paleocene .
Spinegesina hiekei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spinegesina .
Lupinus croceus is a species of lupine known by the common name saffron - flowered lupine .
Conus cancellatus , common name the cancellate cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Xylodromus concinnus is a species of rove beetle in the Omaliinae subfamily , that can be found everywhere in Europe , the Near East , and Australia .
Idelesaurus is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian ( Wuchiapingian ) of Russia .
The type species , Yixianosaurus longimanus , was formally named and described by Xu Xing and Wang Xiaolin in 2003 .
Agaronia propatula is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
The Southern African wildcat ( Felis silvestris cafra ) is one of five subspecies of the wildcat , and is native to southern and south - eastern Africa .
Crichtonpelta is a genus of extinct herbivorous ankylosaurid dinosaur from the Cretaceous of China .
Euparkeriidae is a family of small basal archosauromorph carnivores which lived from the Early Triassic to the Middle Triassic ( Anisian ) .
Spatuloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to Central and South America .
Zographus oculator , the Orange - eyed Long - horn Beetle , is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae .
Cryptococcus aquaticus is a species of Cryptococcus that is found in extreme climates , and has an optimal growth temperature of 9 ° C , but it can grow at temperatures as low as 2 ° C . When plated on agar it produces smooth , butyrous colonies with a cream coloration .
Trichomycterus longibarbatus is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil , where it is only known from a very small area in Espírito Santo near Santa Teresa .
Nebria genei is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the island of Sardinia .
Magnolia blumei is a species of magnolia that is endemic to Indonesia .
Paratrachysomus huedepohli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paratrachysomus .
Marginella liparozona is a species of colorful small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the Marginellidae family .
Pseudamiops is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Pacific and Indian oceans .
Arcovomer passarellii ( common name : Passarelli 's frog ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Pervushovisaurus is a genus of platypterygiine ichthyosaur from the Late Cretaceous ( Cenomanian , 94 - 100 Ma ) of the Saratov region in western Russia .
Sphenomorphus striatopunctatum is a species of skink endemic to Sri Lanka .
Carijoa riisei , the snowflake coral or branched pipe coral , is a species of soft coral in the family Clavulariidae .
Larix gmelinii , known as Dahurian larch , is a species of larch native to eastern Siberia and adjacent northeastern Mongolia , northeastern China ( Heilongjiang ) and North Korea .
Palaeorhynchus ( meaning `` old snout '' ) is a genus of prehistoric fish from Central and Southeastern Europe that was described by Wagner in 1860 .
Coelophysis kayentakatae is an extinct species of coelophysid dinosaur that lived approximately 196 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now the southwestern United States .
Parvancorina is a genus of shield - shaped bilaterally symmetrical fossil animal that lived in the late Ediacaran seafloor .
Chalcolepidius limbatus is a species of beetles in the family Elateridae .
Hoppea dichotoma is a plant species in the genus Hoppea .
Nuphar polysepala ( the great yellow pond - lily or wokas ; syn . Nuphar polysepalum orth . err . , Nuphar lutea subsp . polysepala ( Engelm . ) E.O.Beal ) is a species of Nuphar native to western North America .
The sole species is Tripladenia cunninghamii which is native to New South Wales and Queensland in Australia .
Dryopteris erythrosora ( autumn fern , Japanese wood fern , copper shield fern ) is a species of fern in the family Dryopteridaceae , native to east Asia from China and Japan south to the Philippines , growing in light woodland shade on low mountains or hills .
Doris odhneri is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae .
Procambarus bouvieri is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus , living in Central America .
Hedera cypria , is a species of Ivy ( genus Hedera ) which is endemic to the island of Cyprus .
The Master 's Cymbidium ( Cymbidium mastersii ) is a species of orchid .
Juniperus foetidissima , with common names foetid juniper or stinking juniper , is a juniper tree species in the Cupressaceae family .
Pantophthalmus is a genus of large , robust flies whose larvae feed in tree roots .
Combretum imberbe ( Leadwood , Afrikaans : Hardekool , Sotho : Mohwelere - tšhipi , Tsonga : Motswiri , Zulu : iMpondondlovu ) is a characteristic and often impressive bushwillow species of the southern Afrotropics .
Antipathes is a genus of coral in the order Antipatharia , composed of black coral so named for its black skeleton .
The Antalya bleak ( Alburnus baliki ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Alburnus .
The Aristobia approximator is a species of beetle in the Longhorn family .
Haliotis iris , common name paua , blackfoot paua or rainbow abalone , is a species of edible sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
The Highland Splitfin ( Hubbsina turneri ) is a species of splitfin endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Lerma River basin .
Aconitum fischeri is a blue colored flowering plant species of the genus Aconitum in the family Ranunculaceae .
Cranoglanis is the only genus of armorhead catfishes .
Liriope spicata is a species of low , herbaceous flowering plants from East Asia .
Carmentina is a genus of sedge moths .
Caladium lindenii is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae family , named after Belgian botanist Jean Jules Linden .
Acrantophis dumerili , commonly known as Dumeril 's boa and the Madagascar ground boa , is a non - venomous boa species found on Madagascar and Reunion Island .
Abelater Schimmel is a genus of beetles .
Phoenicobius aratus is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae .
Muhlenbergia cuspidata is a species of grass known by the common name plains muhly .
Rosa bridgesii is a species of rose known by the common names pygmy rose and Sierran dwarf rose .
Cheroscorpaena tridactyla , the Humpback waspfish , is a species of wasp scorpionfish found only in the Gulf of Papua where it is an inhabitant of coral reefs .
Euprotomus bulla , common name : the Bubble Conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Micropterix elegans is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Stainton in 1867 , and is endemic to Israel .
Pseudomonacanthus is a genus in the filefishes native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans .
No Clear Lake splittails have been captured since the early 1970s , and the species is presumed to be extinct .
Stenogobius hawaiiensis is a species of goby endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it can be found in marine , brackish and fresh waters .
The Tipton kangaroo rat ( Dipodomys nitratoides nitratoides ) , is a subspecies of the San Joaquin kangaroo rat , a rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
The Nassariidae , Nassa mud snails ( USA ) , or dog whelks ( UK ) , are a taxonomic family of small to medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda .
Scadoxus is a genus of African and Arabian plants in the Amaryllis family , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
Haliplus leechi is a species of Haliplus discovered by Wallis in 1933 .
Bryomorphe is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Bryomorphe aretioides .
Phenacodus is an extinct genus of mammals from the late Paleocene through middle Eocene , about 55 million years ago .
Maxillaria triloris , the Three - straped Maxillaria , is a species of orchid ranging from northwestern Venezuela to Ecuador .
Leptosia , commonly called wood whites , is a genus of pierid butterflies from the orangetip tribe ( Anthocharini ) .
Picozoa are a phylum of marine unicellular heterotrophic eukaryotes with a size of less than about 3 µm .
The species Lloviu cuevavirus ( /ˈjɔːvjuːˌkwɛvəˈvaɪrəs/ YAW - vew KWE - və - VY - rəs ) is the taxonomic home of a virus that forms filamentous virion , Lloviu virus ( LLOV ) .
It is known by a single species , Aegirocassis benmoulai .
Timia komarowii is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Timia of the family Ulidiidae .
Antipathes dichotoma is a species of colonial coral in the order Antipatharia , the black corals , so named because their calcareous skeletons are black .
Atrichotoxon usambarense is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae .
Nānū or Remy 's gardenia ( Gardenia remyi ) is a species of flowering tree in the madder family , Rubiaceae , that is endemic to Hawaiʻi .
Protographium leucaspis is a species of butterfly found in the Neotropical ecozone
Brasiliorchis is a genus of orchid ( family Orchidaceae ) .
Lisboasaurus is a small ( 400 mm length ) genus of Mesozoic crocodylomorph that lived in fresh water .
Ponthieva ( commonly called shadow witch ) is a genus form the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
Encephalartos hildebrandtii is a species of cycad that is native to Kenya and Tanzania at elevations of 0 to 600 meters .
The insects were described as a new species and genus Megaphragma mymaripenne , in 1924 by Philip Hunter Timberlake .
Gyrinus aeneiceps is a species of beetle from the Gyrinidae family .
Calvatia arctica is a species of puffball mushroom in the Agaricaceae family .
Sinovenator ( meaning `` Chinese hunter '' ) is a genus of troodontid dinosaur from China .
Leonurus sibiricus , commonly called honeyweed or Siberian motherwort , is an herbaceous plant species native to China , Mongolia , and Siberia .
Parasqualidus maii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Vietnam .
Dancea rodriguezensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails .
Aspidura copei , commonly known as Cope 's rough - sided snake or කලු මැඩිල්ලා ( kalu medilla ) in Sinhalese , is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka .
Mycena atkinsoniana is a species of agaric fungus in the Mycenaceae family .
Leistus spinibarbis is a species of ground beetle native to Europe , the Near East and North Africa .
Arthromeris mairei is a fern species in the genus Arthromeris .
Twistwings are two species of Tyrant flycatchers from the genus Cnipodectes .
Edestidae is a poorly known , extinct family of shark - like eugeneodontid holocephalid cartilaginous fish .
†Partula eremita was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Taphropeltus contractus is a species in the family Lygaeidae .
Cupressus funebris ( Chinese Weeping Cypress ) is a species of cypress native to southwestern and central China .
Epuraea guttata is a species of sap beetle of the subfamily Carpophilinae .
Vallaris is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1768 .
Hemolivia ( also spelled Haemolivia ) is a genus of the phylum Apicomplexia .
Xerini is a tribe of ground squirrels occurring in Africa and Asia .
Priocnemis susterai is a large species of Pepsid spider wasp and is , with Priocnemis perturbator and Priocnemis coriacea , one of three similar species of the subgenus Umbripennis found in Great Britain which are characterised by having plentiful erect hair on the face and propodum .
Leptoglossus is a genus of true bugs in the leaf - footed bug family .
Acanthemblemaria is a genus of Chaenopsid blennies native to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans .
Campinasuchus is the fifth baurusuchid species from the Adamantina Formation to date .
The African barred owlet ( Glaucidium capense ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Stipa tenacissima is an endemic species of the Western Mediterranean countries .
Oarces reticulatus is a spider species in the family Mimetidae .
The Córdoba vesper mouse ( Calomys venustus ) is a South American rodent species of the family Cricetidae .
Conoclinium betonicifolium , the betony - leaf mistflower or betonyleaf thoroughwort , is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Engaeus is a genus of freshwater crayfish found in Australia .
Eoborus sanctijosephi is a fossil species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae , from the Paleocene Itaboraí Basin , Brazil .
Cigaritis lohita , common name Long - banded Silverline , is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly
Armillaria socialis is a species of fungus in the Physalacriaceae family .
Elzunia humboldt is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family , subfamily Danainae , tribus Ithomiini .
Chrysosyrphus is a genus of dark - coloured arctic hoverflies .
Protosuchidae was a family of crocodylmorph reptiles from the Late Triassic , Jurassic , and Cretaceous time periods .
Oreolalax nanjiangensis ( Nanjiang toothed toad ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Sphaeromimus ( Latin : small ball animal ) , or the chirping giant pill millipedes , is a genus of giant pill millipedes ( order Sphaerotheriida ) endemic to southeastern Madagascar .
Lithospermum latifolium is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names American gromwell and American stoneseed .
Emperoptera mirabilis was a species of fly in family Dolichopodidae .
Protosiren eothene is a species of Lutetian sirenian , found in the upper part of the Habib Rahi Formation , Pakistan .
Impatiens parviflora ( Small Balsam or Small - flowered Touch - me - not ) is a species of annual herbaceous plants in the family Balsaminaceae , native to some areas of Eurasia , naturalized elsewhere and found in damp shady places .
Rhizostomae or Rhizostomeae is an order of jellyfish .
Maritrema subdolum is a species of parasitic fluke found in the Wadden Sea .
Paphiopedilum henryanum is a species of orchid ranging from southeastern Yunnan and Guangxi to northern Vietnam .
Blaniulus lorifer is a species of millipede in the Blaniulidae family that can be found in France and Spain .
Chelycypraea testudinaria , common name the tortoise cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Equisetopsida , or Sphenopsida , is a class of vascular plants with a fossil record going back to the Devonian .
Aristolochia boosii is a species of woody vine in the Aristolochiaceae plant family which is endemic to Trinidad and Tobago .
Polypogon tentacularia is a species of litter moth of the family Erebidae .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Phialoascus borealis .
Wannaganosuchus ( meaning `` Wannagan crocodile '' , in reference to the Wannagan Creek site where it was discovered ) is an extinct genus of small alligatorid crocodylian .
Iris giganticaerulea ( or ' Giant blue iris ' ) is a species of iris , it is also in the subgenus of Limniris and in the Series Hexagonae .
Aletes humilis is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Colorado aletes and Larimer aletes .
Burkartia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Burkartia lanigera .
Gomphus vulgatissimus , the common clubtail , is a medium - sized species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Mobilabium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Mesembryanthemum nodiflorum is a species of succulent plant in the ice plant family known by the common name slenderleaf iceplant .
Agenioideus nigricornis is a species of spider wasp from the subfamily Pompilinae , found in Australia .
Punctum pygmaeum is a species of very small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Punctidae , the dot snails .
Leucos ylikiensis is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Caraphractus cinctus is a species of fairyfly .
Liocheles karschii is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Hemiscorpiidae .
Eugenia discors is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family endemic to Peru .
Deroplatys lobata , common name Malaysian dead leaf mantis or dead leaf mantis , is a species of praying mantis that inhabits Thailand , Java , Borneo , Indonesia , Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula .
The order Microconchida is a group of small , spirally - coiled , encrusting fossil `` worm '' tubes found from the Upper Ordovician to the Middle Jurassic ( Bathonian ) around the world .
Lilium distichum is an Asian species herbaceous plant of the lily family which is native to northeastern China ( Heilongjiang , Jilin , Liaoning ) , Korea , and eastern Russia ( Primorye , Amur Krai , Khabarovsk ) .
Crataegus brainerdii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Brainerd 's hawthorn .
Neosalanx is a genus of icefishes native to Asia .
Erigeron tenuis is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Slender - leaf fleabane .
Lophiotoma acuta , commonly known as the marbled turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae , the turrids .
Rita kuturnee is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India where it occurs in the rivers of the Deccan Plateau up to the Krishna River system .
Ptilobactrum is a genus of hoverflies , with two known species .
Parabarrandia is a genus of trilobite of the Asaphida order .
Eriogonum jamesii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name James ' buckwheat and Antelope sage .
Schistura fasciolata is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Schistura found fast - flowing streams in China and Vietnam .
Gastrocopta armifera , common name the armed snaggletooth , is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae .
Crematogastrini is a tribe of myrmicine ants with 64 genera and 8 fossil genera .
Tonna dunkeri is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae , the tun shells .
Agrobacterium albertimagni is a species of arsenite - oxidizing bacterium .
Miridius longiceps , is a species of bug from the Miridae family which can be found in France , Portugal and Spain .
Finsch 's imperial pigeon ( Ducula finschii ) is a bird species in the family Columbidae .
Pseudhomelix ornata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudhomelix .
In taxonomy , Dichotomosiphon is a genus of green algae in the family Dichotomosiphonaceae .
The Actinomycetales are an order of Actinobacteria .
Sedum obtusatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common name Sierra stonecrop .
Carex micropoda is a species of sedge found in temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
Psathyrostachys juncea is a species of grass known by the common name Russian wildrye .
Iris tenuis ( also known as Clackamas iris ) is a species in the genus Iris , it is also in the subgenus of Limniris .
Clarkia franciscana is a rare species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Presidio clarkia .
Cylindrospermum is a genus of filamentous cyanobacteria found in terrestrial and aquatic environments .
Lissodus is an extinct genus of freshwater shark .
Phenacovolva recurva is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ovulidae .
Pickworthiidae is a family of small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
The Lesser Treefrog ( Dendropsophus minutus ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Blikanasaurus ( meaning `` Blikana lizard '' ) was a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur found in Lower Elliot Formation rocks from the Late Triassic near the Blikana location in what is now South Africa 's Eastern Cape Province .
Donacia microcephala is a species of leaf beetle , that is distributed throughout Iran , Iraq , and Turkey .
Dimya maoria is a species of clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Dimyidae .
Ophioglossum vulgatum , commonly known as adder's - tongue , southern adders - tongue or adders - tongue fern , is a species of the plant genus Ophioglossum .
Nomada succincta is a species of bee in the genus Nomada .
Melanophidium wynaudense , commonly known as the Indian black earth snake , is a species of snake endemic to India .
Longitarsus holsaticus is a species of black coloured beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that is native to Europe .
Parisopsalis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Parisolabiinae .
Stylidium preissii , the lizard triggerplant , is a species that belongs to the genus Stylidium ( family Stylidiaceae ) .
Jozaria is an extinct genus of stem perissodactyl from the Early to Middle Eocene of the Kuldana Formation of Kohat , Pakistan .
Minous is a genus of stonefishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Ecsenius bimaculatus , known commonly as the Twinspot coralblenny , is a species of marine fish in the family Blenniidae .
Pocillopora inflata is a species of stony coral in the family Pocilloporidae .
Erysiphe pisi is a plant pathogen that causes powdery mildew on several plant species .
Silene hookeri is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Hooker 's silene , Hooker 's catchfly , Hooker 's Indian pink , and Hooker 's glandular campion .
Pseudocorus usambaricus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudocorus .
Magnolia officinalis ( commonly called houpu magnolia or magnolia - bark ) is a species of Magnolia native to the mountains and valleys of China at altitudes of 300 - -1500 m.
Areca catechu is a species of palm which grows in much of the tropical Pacific , Asia , and parts of east Africa .
The Wall 's grappletail , ( Heliogomphus walli ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Dalpiazia is a prehistoric genus of saw fish whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage in Morocco .
Solenostemma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1825 .
Apomecyna varia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Apomecyna .
Protowenella is a genus of helcionellid from the Middle Cambrian of Australia .
Brachypterois is a genus of scorpionfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Lythronax is an extinct genus of tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived around 80.6 to 79.9 million years ago in what is now southern Utah , USA .
Euronychodon ( `` European claw tooth '' ) is the name given to a genus of coelurosaur dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Europe and Asia .
Gymnanthera oblonga is a species of vine in the family Apocynaceae ( previously Asclepiadaceae ) from northern Australia , southeast Asia ( Cambodia , Indonesia , Malaysia , Philippines , Thailand , Vietnam ) , New Guinea , and southern China ( Guangdong , Hainan ) .
Ponapella pihapiha is a species of minute snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Assimineidae .
Phytocoris longipennis is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae and subfamily Mirinae .
Preptotheria is a superorder of placental mammals proposed by McKenna & Bell in their classification of mammals .
Abraximorpha is a small Asian genus of skippers .
Nectamia is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western and central Pacific Ocean .
Geranium dissectum or Cut - leaved Crane's - bill is a plant species of the genus Geranium .
Microlophus theresiae , the Theresia 's Pacific iguana , is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Peru .
Salicornia bigelovii is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names dwarf saltwort and dwarf glasswort .
Cetomimoides parri is a species of flabby whalefish found in the Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of the Philippines .
The Brown numbfish ( Narcine brunnea ) , also known as brown electric ray , is a species of numbfish in the family Narcinidae .
Tillandsia tenuifolia , the narrowleaf airplant , is a species in the genus Tillandsia .
Rhizotrogus aestivus is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria , France and Spain .
Sylviidae is a family of passerine birds that was part of an assemblage known as the Old World warblers .
Gibbula magus , common name the great top shell , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
It is not clear if Hemaris molli is a valid species .
Neocoristis entomophaga is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Neocoristis .
Dicerocardium is an extinct genus of fossil saltwater clams , marine heterodont bivalve molluscs in the order Veneroida , the venus clams and their allies .
Cnemaspis girii is a species of gecko in the genus Cnemaspis described in 2014 .
Passiflora aurantia ( Orange - petaled passion flower ) , is a species in the Passifloraceae family which produces inedible fruit .
The Fewflower Milkweed , Asclepias lanceolata , is a species of milkweed that is native to the coastal plain of the United States from New Jersey to Florida and Southeast Texas .
Bradycidus veneris is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Bradycidus .
Holcus mollis , known as creeping soft grass or creeping velvet grass , is a species of grass , native to Europe and western Asia .
The Condylopygidae are a family of very small trilobites , that lived during the Middle Cambrian , and has been found in Canada ( Newfoundland and Nova Scotia ) , the Czech Republic , Germany , France , Spain , England , Wales , Sweden , and the Russian Federation ( Siberia ) .
Packera breweri is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Brewer 's ragwort .
Eubrachyura is a group of crustaceans ( ranked as a `` section '' ) comprising the more advanced crabs .
Hyraxes ( from the Greek ὕραξ , hurax , `` shrewmouse '' ) , also called dassies , are small , thickset , herbivorous mammals in the order Hyracoidea .
Evernia prunastri , also known as oakmoss , is a species of lichen .
Thelcticopis severa is a species of huntsman spider found in China , Laos , Korea , and Japan .
Scalideutis is a genus of moths in the Cosmopterigidae family .
Cryptantha virginensis is a species of wildflower in the borage family known by the common name Virgin River cryptantha .
Doronicum grandiflorum is a European species of Doronicum , a member of the aster family .
Coenonympha is a butterfly genus .
Astragalus filipes is a species of milkvetch known by the common name basalt milkvetch .
Parakneria cameronensis is a benthopelagic species of tropical fish .
Protopteraspis is an extinct genus of agnathan with fossils known from Lower Devonian marine strata in Western Europe .
Harttia trombetensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found above the Cachoeira Porteira Falls in the Trombetas River basin .
Penicillium minioluteum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces dextranase , miniolin A , miniolin B and miniolin C.
Batrachylodes is a genus of frogs .
Mordella marginata is a species of Mordellidae that occurs in North America .
Myurella undulata , common name the undulate auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Weinmannia portlandiana is a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family .
Grewia rothii is a species of flowering plant in India and Sri Lanka .
Awaous is a genus of gobies native to fresh , marine and brackish waters from Africa to the Americas .
Longitarsus andalusicus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that is endemic to Andalusia , Spain , from which its name comes from .
Ormudzia cameratella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Ormudzia .
Copiapoa echinoides is a species of cactus in South America .
Conidiotheca is a monotypic genus of fungi .
Shorea pauciflora ( also called Dark Red Meranti or Red Lauan ) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Heuchera maxima is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family , known by the common names island alum root , Channel Islands coral bells , and Jill of the rocks .
Ancyronyx , commonly known as spider water beetles or spider riffle beetles , is a genus of aquatic riffle beetles from North America , South Asia , China , and Southeast Asia .
Hickelia is a genus of African bamboo in the grass family .
Proguithera is a genus of thread - legged bug in the Emesinae .
Pseudostomatella erythrocoma is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Nepenthes tenax ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˈtɛnæks/ ; from Latin : tenax `` tenacious '' ) is a lowland species of tropical pitcher plant native to northern Queensland , Australia .
Oncometopia is a genus of sharpshooters found in North and South America .
Mallotus oppositifolius is a plant species in the genus Mallotus found in Africa and Madagascar .
Atriplex gardneri is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name Gardner 's saltbush .
Indotriplophysa is a genus of stone loaches native to southern and eastern Asia .
Rhynchodoras woodsi is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Bobonaza River ( a tributary of the Pastaza River ) of the upper Amazon River drainage .
Planaxidae , common name planaxids or clusterwinks , are a taxonomic family of small and minute sea snails , pantropical marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cerithoidea .
Nyassachromis breviceps is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only found in the southern part of the lake .
In 1923 , the material was redescribed by Friedrich von Huene ( 1875 - -1969 ) , who argued that it could not be included within the genus Megalosaurus and created for the Pierson theropod a separate genus , naming the species Erectopus superbus .
Commophila aeneana , the orange conch , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Kelmayisaurus is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurid theropod dinosaur from the early Cretaceous .
Megalorhipida dubiosa is a species of moth in the genus Megalorhipida , known from Brazil .
Orcinus citoniensis is an extinct species of dolphin belonging to the family Delphinidae that lived from 2 to 5 million years ago in the Pliocene .
Alycaeus balingensis is a species of land snail with a gill and an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the Cyclophoridae family .
Pierolapithecus catalaunicus is an extinct species of primate which lived about 13 million years ago during the Miocene in what is now Hostalets de Pierola , Catalonia , giving the name to the species .
Lobatus peruvianus , commonly known as the Peruvian conch or the cock 's comb conch , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs and their allies .
